“The fourth one,” Tony clarified to help her, but she only looked shocked.
Tony grumbled softly to himself. He wanted to say no, that they’d had a catered meeting or that Pepper had forced him to scarf something down—
“Steve, honey, slow down for a minute,” Sarah raised her voice to interrupt his unraveling line of thinking. “First of all, exercise is good for you, and his sleep is good for him. You will find a solution where you can do both. But honey, nobody is perfect, and nobody ever will be. You just have to find the right solution. Do you know how long it took me to train your father to eat a vegetable? He ate five things when I first met him: chicken, potatoes, milk, peanut butter, and sourdough bread.”
The concern on Steve’s face morphed into long-suffering exasperation—which, for less than a week of exposure, Tony felt was a little unwarranted. But he wouldn’t have survived another minute of Steve’s concern and pity, and everyone knew the frustrating fate of beggars.
the inspiration for an important part of the story, but I wanted it to be a surprise. It is literally the highest concentration of antique books and prints and artwork on a single street in the country. Maybe the world? I don’t know. I thought you’d… you know, like that, old maps and illustrations.”
. If he wasn’t careful, if he didn’t take care of himself in these precious few hours to recover, tomorrow he might miss a step. People were counting on him to stay sharp - not just the families of the victims, but detectives and officers were looking to him for direction. Tony was counting on him. He couldn’t let any of them down.
Pale and unblinking, Tony stared at the three new photographs. His face took on a green nauseous tinge when he reached for the photograph of Tara Jones. Her arms were threaded through the vintage steering wheel of a sailboat, a smile painted and smeared over his lips with blood red lipstick.
The truck was barreling down a country road at speeds Steve didn’t dare to look at. He was grabbing on to his seat and door handle like his life depended on it, because he was genuinely afraid it would. Still,  he forced himself to a smile at her.
Steve could feel Tony’s body seize around his cock as his orgasm consumed him, and before he dropped them, Steve all but threw them back into bed, pinning Tony to the mattress with own body as he kept pounding into him, fucking Tony through his orgasm. Soon, Tony’s guttural moans and eager rolls of his hips turned into stuttering whimpers and shudders of discomfort. Steve recognized the signs of overstimulation, but the way Tony’s muscles continued to clutch and contract around his cock was inadvertently pushing Steve to the point of no return, and although he knew it might be hurting Tony, it was so easy to listen to the way Tony cooed and moaned around Steve’s earlobe to keep fucking him, not to stop, to use his body. The strong, controlled snaps of Steve’s hips turned an erratic, desperate rut as he chased his own release in Tony.
“So much has changed since we last saw you.
“No,” he sighed eventually. “No, I just… I kept wanting to bring it up. I picked one up from the market on the way home, thinking, ‘this is the best one,’” he explained with a quiet, self-deprecating snort that had Tony instinctively reaching out for him, rubbing his hand over Steve’s knee in comfort. “But by the time I got home, it wasn’t beautiful enough to make me sound less like an idiot, so I, well.”
“This… this is going to be a little different,” Tony explained without explaining anything, but he helped pull Steve’s jeans and underwear down his legs. Whatever else he was about to say fled from his mind; Steve could see it in his eyes, how Tony lost his train of thought and instead came to a stand-still where he could do nothing but stare at Steve’s naked body.
Bucky stared at it in silence before finally shaking his head. “What the hell is that supposed to mean? What a dick. Does he think dangling a relationship is going to make you come running back?”
Brock shrugged and scoffed at the absolute insanity of his request. “I’m touched. There’s six of you, and so nicely dressed, but… you know, I just don’t feel like it,” he replied with an exaggerated smile.
Tony sniffed in feigned hurt. “We could try this again without the costume if you like, if that would make you feel better. You know, only if it’s for your benefit.”
“No, I don’t have a jet anymore. It was Howard’s jet,” Tony said with a wry expression. “I’m… between homes at the moment. I—you just started your job here and I thought, you know. If there was a chance, I’d find a place here. But, maybe LA? I’ve heard it’s nice, it’s sunny. Geneva’s… it rains, a lot. It, um,” his voice grew quieter with every word, until he finally lost his voice and looked down at his hands. He gave himself a shake, took a deep breath, and looked back at Steve. “Okay, no. I can’t do this right now. I’ll just go pay.”
Steve’s mouth fell open. “What’d you do! Did you know anyone?”
so there will be one more chapter for their anniversary.
When their next witness took the stand, the sex worker described arriving at Barnes’ office and accompanying him to a hotel room for the night in great detail. She knew where the private elevator was, she knew the name of Bucky’s private chauffeur, and she even recalled what side of the bed he slept on after. To back up the accountant, she provided an itemized list of services Barnes engaged her for that night.
that Dum-E had been learning skills over time. It was one thing to read it on a page, but he needed to show them—
“What a marvelous display, Steve Rogers! You licked his ass!” he cheered, practically bouncing in place at Steve’s side. The Governor and his faithful assistant trailed after Tony at a much calmer pace.
“They were head notes for my boss on the project I’m working on,” Tony explained, “you know how you start something and you think it’ll be a short task, but then you look up and all day has gone by?”
None of them much felt like going home after that, so Steve and Bucky invited them along to Sally’s. Beer flowed freely, and by the time officers from the 20th arrived on the scene, mutinous pacts were sworn and rebellious hearts soared, loud and boisterous in their shared allegiance to the gold shield.
Steve’s hands balled up into fists. Through gritted teeth and a rising anger, he said, “You read my text messages?”
Delayed gratification had never been Steve’s strong suit when it came to Tony.
All heads turned to stare at Steve, again. All, but one. Fury glared at Tony from across the conference table, and without a word Tony could feel the rising fear that he was failing. This was his chance to demonstrate his aptitude and maturity, and he couldn’t even prevent his insubordinate charge from speaking out of line.
“We’re not here for socks,” Tony reminded him, unfazed by the clear injustice of capitalism. “Just let me know if you like something so I can stay clear of it.”
“And so what? Because he’s twenty he doesn’t know what he’s doing? He’s just a puppet?” Steve snarled, and it didn’t matter that Tony had dumped him, helped him back and then dropped it on him in his last hours before he returned to Boston. However unfair and unexpected it had been, Steve would never deny everything he knew about Tony. If he was nothing else, Tony was a good man. A good man who didn’t deserve to be talked about like this.
He moved into his bedroom where he could turn out the mirror from his wardrobe for a nice angle. Tony planted the dildo to the hardwood floor, and even when he tugged or slapped the damn thing, the suction cup at the base swayed and bounced, but remained firmly anchored for Tony's use. He hauled a chair over and set up the camera phone so he could captured the reflection of himself through the mirror without including the chair or the phone itself. It took some maneuvering, but he wasn’t in the engineering program for nothing.
“The lentil soup is good, and the fried pickle poppers,” Steve said and pointed them out on his own menu, but on Tony’s other side, Bucky grimaced.
He pawed at Tony’s ass and grasped him in two firm handfuls. Steve pressed his thumbs into Tony’s hole and pulled, stretching him open with force and no patience. With a vice-like grip that left Tony softly whimpering in pain, Steve tugged Tony’s ass up at an angle and spread his tight hole wide before forcing his cock in a single thrust. Tony preemptively bit down on his lip and managed to muffle the sudden cry tearing from his throat into a deep, muted groan, but he couldn’t stop the sudden shudder of shock and discomfort that rolled through his body. His body grew stiff and tensed up instinctively, but Steve fucked him through it, pounding into his tight ass even as Tony’s body spasmed and struggled to accommodate him.
“Here, I brought you my computer,” Steve said, not wasting any time on unnecessary niceties. He hauled one laptop bag off after the other, unpacking his laptop and his large Wacom tablet. “It’s not much, but it’s enough to make a presentation. It’s easier to just draw them sometimes, so I brought the tablet, too.”
“You’re all just jealous,” he declared to all of them with a self-satisfied smirk, and invited himself to obnoxiously squeeze and caress Steve’s bicep. “I get to do this, and you don’t.”
Beautiful as it had looked in jeans only hours earlier, something wasn’t quite the same. Tony’s ass felt firm and round to the touch, but the soft, ample cushion Steve had so often indulged in spanking or biting wasn’t as prominent anymore as the strong muscles Tony had no doubt developed from physical work.
“Got an hour, this won’t take that long.”
“You’re a witch,” Tony stammered, too stunned to move. “You—you’re an, an animag—”
“You think this is bad, you should’ve seen them gawking after my first Calvin Klein series went live,” Steve said with a sigh, keeping his eyes straight ahead. How’d he keep doing this to himself? “Sometimes I wish I could just shut up and fit in.”
“I’ll show you,” Steve said instead, and together they excused themselves from the table.
Bucky whined to himself and marked the envelope as harmless so he could push it aside. He opened another, and immediately a set of professionally done boudoir photographs fell into his lap. It took a second before he realized what had happened. He glared at Tony like he was personally responsible for Bucky’s current fate.
“The movie starts in twenty minutes,” Steve said as they walked out to the elevator together. “We won’t have time for dinner before the movie. Will you be alright?”
“I’ll keep you safe from violent giants,” Steve said in the end, “if you keep me safe from bears or wolves or whatever else can climb through—”
It wasn’t the first time Tony was used for feeding, but Steve never left his side while clients took what they wanted from him. Being touched without Steve’s staunch supervision made him sick to his stomach, as if he was now some worthless, public commodity that any stranger could fondle and suck on at their leisure. Tony had never felt so alone and so scared in his life. Where was Steve? A part of him hated that he had to depend on him, because truly, who was to say that Steve genuinely cared to protect him? After all, how much did farmers care for their dairy cows?
“I… I can’t tell anyone Bruce is my godfather, dad,” Steve muttered and dropped into a chair at his kitchen table. “They’ll either laugh me out of the Gazette or use me for connections. I might as well tell them Superman’s my dad.”
Tony sat up straighter and eyed Steve while he washed his hands and started to clean up his counter space. “...Wait, is that all?”
“I can see your thoughts spiraling, Tony,” Steve whispered, combing his fingers through Tony’s hair and making Tony look him in the eyes again. “Sweetheart, look at me. I’m fine—hell, I’m better than most. I got my diploma in the end, I got my college education. The government paid for tuition and housing. Now I’ve got a career and a life that most people envy. But I thought… I thought I’d be alone. People look at you differently when they find out you’re a foster kid, that—that you were homeless. But to meet someone like you,” he said, smiling at Tony with deep affection. Tony could only stare back at him; what he wouldn’t give to meet all those people who gave up on Steve, to get his hands on them.
“Truly so,” Tony agreed, and he allowed a brief pause to act as a natural break between such terrible historic characters and the exalted Captain.
“If you be my bride, I will break the spell on that ass,” Talia agreed, “but men are becoming more difficult to find, Stephanie. These are healthy men. Could one of them not make you with a daughter?”
Tony. Tony wouldn’t lie like that.”
the simplest act. It requires skill and coordination, and it is
“Wait. You’re not vegan, are you?”
Another perfect bullseye.
“Sir, of course. At Taco Bell, we strive to accommodate all allergies, preferences, and sensitivities. What could we prepare for you?”
Steve’s knowing smirk stretched into a broad, beaming smile. “This is
No air travel, no celebration of diversity, but apparently Taco Bell was a black tie affair. Nothing about the future made sense.
“Oh, wow,” Steve said after a momentary silence, genuinely surprised and at a loss for words. This was the Magic Mike guy? “Uh. Thanks, thank you, I appreciate that. And you’re, uh, you’re such a good dancer.”
“Sixty-forty,” Mr. Perfect announced while Tony was still wrestling with whether this whole fucked up scenario was evidence that there was a god or the opposite.
“Go turn on the lights and come back to me,” Tony told him, giving him a gentle shove in his shoulder. “Fuck me with your uniform on, soldier.”
“No,” Steve disagreed, because there was no way a plane Tony designed for him would be that slow. But Bucky shook his head and quietly explained, “Steve, we can’t fly over Consone, we have to go around. We don’t even know if the King will be in Lumine.”
Steve was practically a stranger, a man he had only met twice. He could count on his fingers the number of hours he had spent with the man. He was intelligent and he was thoughtful, and in any topic of conversation they had ventured to - poetry, politics, philosophy - Steve had proved to be a man in his element. Tony had enjoyed his company, found comfort in Steve’s humble confidence.
“Could,” Steve mumbled, struggling to form words. He wouldn’t look Tony in the eyes, but not that it mattered. Tony couldn’t stop staring. Steve was partially covered in bandages around his left shoulder and his torso, and what skin was visible looked bruised and burned all over. A constellation of scab wounds marred his chest. Tony could only comfort himself by consciously reminding himself of how superficial they seemed.
For some time, Tony didn’t move. Steve blinked at him, finally managing to turn his head so he could see Tony better, but Tony still struggled with Steve’s request.
“With care and determination,” Steve guessed in a monotone, but Tony only laughed and smacked him playfully on the arm in return.
Bucky jumped to his feet and made a dash for Rumlow and Steve’s tussel, while Tony crawled across the floor on his hands and his feet, pressed as close to the floor as possible to avoid a stray bullet. He was halfway to Pierce’s desk when Pierce finally threw Ben aside and turned the gun on the wild fight between the three men. Bucky managed to wrestle Rumlow away from his best friend and tackle him to the ground, pummeling his face, leaving Steve rocking on his feet and panting for breath.
The morning after his mother’s midnight intervention was meant to be the end of their fledgling relationship. Steve had collected his rumpled, day-old uniform from every corner of Tony’s library, bedroom, and sauna, resisted what could have been their last kiss, and braved the walk of shame back to his designated guestroom. Neither of them had been happy about it, but Sarah’s words were too true. Steve could not turn his back on his people, and certainly not for something as fickle as love. For them, there was no room for love. Tony needed a queen to give him an heir, and for Steve, a queen was an important strategic opportunity. If he could find the right person, a partner who had a clear vision of the future their people deserved and the willingness to work and sacrifice for it, her support and their children would only solidify the leadership of their new democracy.
“No, go ahead,” Sharon murmured.
But when Steve glanced his way, Tony saw the fear in his eyes, a haunted, hunted look he hadn’t seen in decades. This wasn’t about something Steve had seen or heard, this was about something Steve
Tony made a rasping sound of disapproval. “You’re my partner, Steve. I’m not making any promises.”
“You keep saying that,” Clint muttered, slowly getting the grill ready for good while it heated up. “You allergic to kicking back or something?”
“Rogers, if you’re deported, you cannot work for an American company,” Fury told him, “so until this is resolved, I will be turning operations over to Sitwell.”
It wasn’t long before Steve found his spot. Tony blinked his eyes open and sucked in a sudden gasping breath, watching Steve with tears in his eyes. Distantly, he prayed it was an accident, that Steve had only brushed against it by coincidence. But the way Steve was bent to his task, he was handling Tony’s body like a master at his instrument. His hands were everywhere, but never rushed or unsatisfying: his lubed palm rolled Tony’s balls wet and squeezed just hard enough to distract Tony from noticing when his other hand smoothed across his chest to pinch his other nipple, hard. How he managed to inflict such pain with only his fingers Tony couldn’t understand; his whole body arched and twisted, and he was still whimpering when Steve took him deep in his throat, gagging himself so his throat constricted around the length of Tony’s cock. Tony had nearly no air left when the orgasm tore through him, and breathlessly he cried out Steve’s name, fisting his hair desperately as his eyes rolled back into his head with overwhelming pleasure.
“Next Tuesday!” a little girl shouted, her excitement so infectious Tony started laughing again. “We’re going to the Bronx Zoo next Tuesday.”
“…Steve, you know I can’t,” Tony whispered when he finally caught up with Steve. “This is too much. I didn’t—I mean, yeah, some money for groceries and bills would be great, but I didn’t do it because I needed rent money—”
Without so much as a warning, Tony got up and straddled Steve’s hips, sinking into his lap and circling his arms around Steve’s shoulders to wrap their bodies together in the blanket’s comforting weight. Steve’s hands instinctively found Tony’s hips, his fingers curling protectively around him in a gentle grip. He didn’t squeeze or move Tony in any way, and there was something about his inclination to be protective rather than possessive that made Tony heart skip a beat.
“Sheep dipping in AWB global neo-Nazi ass kissing contest,” Tony summed up while they exchanged headsets. “Facial recognition is running, soft search for Lindhaus is a dud, but we’ve got two viable connections.”
The rest of the hour passed without interruption, and it wasn’t until Steve was beating the maple frosting together and the whole house smelled of coffee, sugar, and cinnamon that Tony finally shuffled out of the bedroom.
“You won’t.”
“We might not even want to do anything, let alone something we’ve never done before. And if you want to bottom, I think it should be on a day when we have all day to ourselves. For the wedding night, we’ll be tired, it will be late ...don’t look at me like that, Tony,” he said after a beat, grinning to himself. “I’m not trying to spare you or martyr myself. Honestly, the closer we get to the wedding the less I can focus on anything else. It’s been a very long time for me.”
Whatever Steve’s answer was, Tony’s mind was already made up. The liberty of ascending to gold status was only pittance compared to the sanctity and security of the city. They simply could not overlook this lead.
There was a knock at his door and Steve’s heart skipped a beat. What had he been thinking? Having Tony in his space sounded like such a dream when meant fooling around in his bunk bed, but
Pierced raised his brows, and in his implacable serene way, turned to gaze up the barrel of the gun at Steve. “Tell me, Captain. What do you plan to do with that archaic weapon?”
You still in that meeting?
“I’m not going anywhere, sweetheart,” Steve promised him, rubbing his hands up and down Tony’s back gently in the warm water, doing his best to offer him comfort after such long days. Tony’s frame was thinner than usual, and something ugly twisted in Steve’s gut at the thought. If Tony had missed days worth of time, when was the last time he ate? Had he been hunched over his desk or his benches all that time without taking care of himself?
“Tony, it’s alright. You’d find out eventually,” Steve said with a strained smile. God, if only Tony could invent a time machine so he could travel back to five minutes ago and kick his own ass for the discomfort behind those pursed lips.
A laugh burst out of Tony as relief washed over him. “A prototype,” he tried to explain, retrieving the mask to show Steve his newest creation up close. Whether it was his excitement or his answer that had comforted Steve, he looked genuinely interested in learning what Tony had made.
“Next initials,” he decided, and Carl obliged easily. Tony got the next one (Macaulay Culkin for MC), but Steve got the fourth point (Peter Stormare for PS). By the time Carl built up to the fifth set of initials, both Steve and Tony were so committed to beating the other that Steve’s publicist had to call it a tie.
“As it turns out, the American government doesn’t care who publishes on Delito,” Hill told him impatiently. “Your visa application has been denied, and you are being deported.”
“Uh. Uh-huh. You... you, uh. Think your mom likes me?”
He reminded himself of Tony’s sleepy, tired smile. Of the sound of his slow, deep breathing while he slept, tucked against the length of Steve’s legs with his head in Steve’s lap only moments ago, before Howard woke him.
“Pretty sure he wouldn’t,” Natasha disagreed at the same time as Sam pointed out, “we all knew, and none of us are geniuses.”
“Depends on what’s more important to you: staying clean, or stopping Rumlow from roaming the city freely?”
“Tell me if I’m being paranoid here, but is there something going on between you and Arlene’s mom?”
“Honestly, I’m ready to get out into the world again,” Steve interrupted with a wry smile. “Want to go together? Bank, lunch, groceries?”
Tony returned the glass to him, and wet his lips. Telling Steve wouldn’t solve anything; it wasn’t even that important. Better to tell him later, when they were safe in New York and could laugh about it.
a surprise trip? What could Tony be up to?
Since they hadn’t exchanged books over Christmas, Tony took Steve to the library maintained in the castle. They set a timer for twenty minutes and spent every second of that time finding a book for the other to read.
“Sam had a bromergency,” Sharon said with a wry smile, not once looking up from her work. “Remember the super hot blond with the biceps? The one that makes you look normal?”
“Oh yeah, a good number of them. They’re practically family,” Steve said, “it wouldn’t be the same without them.”
“Are those, uh,” Steve cleared his throat before trying again. “Are those the suction cups?”
The man’s expression twisted in disappointment. “And you’re sure this Brock guy is ‘the one’?”
Tony didn’t know what it meant, but a chill ran through his veins. In the near distance, his mom was saying something about being Steve’s witness, but Steve looked ill. Whatever his dad had said to Steve had him scared, so scared the blood drained from his face.
Tony didn’t need a come-on, he needed a friend.
“Uncle Steve, they’re looking pretty golden,” Lila said as she scooped up the fried balls in the skimmer. He quickly held up a plate draped with a paper towel so she could get them all on there before they did the next batch.
“Two doors down to the right,” Steve told him, “oh, and mind your step: the bathroom’s floor is an inch lower than the rest of the house.”
There were too many doors in this damn suite, and Steve was ready to give up and fuck Tony in the bubbling hot water with the massaging jets and breathtaking view when Tony let his earlobe out between his teeth.
The guy gave him another tired look. “What?”
Steve glared at her, snarling in his visceral anger. “I am not losing my career because of some stupid, arbitrary, socially constructed nationality. I worked hard for this job; I earned this job. So, I’m going to go out there and find myself an American husband, and if you care about your job, you are going to help me.”
Steve pushed his middle finger in all the way easily. Again Tony moaned, and again he pushed back into Steve’s touch, only growing more excited and more demanding as Steve felt around inside him, curling and thrusting his finger in turn as he searched for Tony's prostate.
Peter and MJ took off with their groups in the same direction, and Steve had no doubt they would be sticking together the whole time. A part of him wanted to do the same with Tony; the kids were going to spend most of their time staring into animal enclosures and scribbling in sketchbooks, why shouldn’t he have someone to talk to today, too? Would it be worth the obvious bias with respect to the other volunteering adults?
The spark of an idea lit behind Steve’s eyes. Bucky frowned in his confusion, but something in Steve had come back to life.
“You… thank you, Steve,” Tony whispered unevenly between attempts to catch his breath. “I, I didn’t think we’d make it there for a second.”
Steve and Peggy were early to his 10am, and Steve was passing the time by scrolling through his favorite posts on
“Jim, you’ll never know how badly I needed to hear those words,” Steve whispered unevenly as his exhaustion as his relief mounted into a new state of delirium. “I am deeply grateful.”
From his comfortable home in the soft skin of Steve’s throat, Tony whined, loud and shamelessly plaintive.
Before he could think of a meaningful response, Tony seemed to remember why he was there in the first place and he spun on his heels to grab a stool - not for himself, but for Steve.
“Precisely so, we will reunite there,” Tony promised him, and after he passed a few quick instructions for Jane, Steve followed Jane’s lead out of the precinct.
“As tough as the story can be, it has been rewarding to bring it to—we just came from Palm Springs, where we saw the same ashen, drawn expressions on the audience. But it’s not just about the horror on the screen, it’s… I think the story is coming through and that people are seeing what we’re trying to do with it, and that has been deeply rewarding. Like you say, it is gritty and it is uncomfortable, but underneath that is the story of this group of people who are carving out hope in a hopeless world. Wait, no; that almost sounded pleasant,” he said with a quiet, helpless laugh. “It isn’t pleasant, at all. But it is a profound story of the lengths people go to execute their salvation.”
“Thanks, dad,” Steve said with a grudging smile. Clark had pulled on a pair of Steve’s jeans and a cozy flannel shirt. Even without the glasses he was Steve’s dad again instead of some superhero in the sky, and all at once Steve was struck by how homesick he felt.
, he thought miserably. One of
She didn’t say a word about his outfit, or ask him how he was; she simply offered help. Steve found himself genuinely smiling again as he thanked her and placed the box in his cart.
The team shouted after them, mostly either cheering Bucky on because they admired a man who could take one for the team, or because this was clearly his last day on earth.
and it’s just weird to feel jealous of the guy who gave me my first chainsaw.”
Rhodey brought his hand up to knock on Tony’s door, but it swung open with an aggressive excitement before he ever touched the wood.
Steve jerked back to life with a violent convulsion, swinging his fists at that unfamiliar bodies swarming him. He connected with something, but it didn’t help. He couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t see, and nothing was familiar—it was all dark, it was too silent, it was all very wrong.
As it turned out, they were wrong on both counts.
“No way!” he said with a big grin as he got to the top of the stairs. “Someone at this school is actually having a, a, uh,” his words trailed off uncomfortably as the women turned around and he recognized Sharon. “Oh.”
They had spent the better part of their late teens at Shield, drinking root beer and catching whatever game was in season without their mothers chiding them for shouting at every bad call the ref made.
“I,” Steve started to say, then had to smile and shake his head at the thought, as if it was ridiculous. Eventually, he tried again. “I used to dream of getting married at sunset in an orange grove. Late spring.”
“Let me have a look at you,” Steve murmured, unfastening the robe from the small of his back and down to his ankles, exposing his ass and spread thighs to the view of the waiting hall.
“Drink this,” she insisted, uncapping the bottle with her teeth and helping to angle the vial just so to pour as much of it into his wide mouth as possible.
told Steve the phone had been discarded and, from a near distance, he heard Tony cracking up.
With the hole cleared, he dropped the digger back on the ground and walked back to the truck. He leaned far enough into the truck to reach the cooler, and dug out a bottle of water for himself.
Tony moved back to New York as planned. He was folded into Howard’s leading R&D team from day one. Between the pressure to perform and the exceptional standards set by the team, Tony lost himself in his work. There were no weak links in the flagship lab, and newcomers weren’t afforded any slack. Especially not the owner’s son.
“He needs all the help he can get,” Bucky reasoned. “Sam might be Steve’s partner, but I’m his best friend. So, here’s what you do, Stark: you order take-out from a really nice place and you throw it in a pot, then act like you cooked it.”
“What? No!” Steve cried, then lowered his voice to hiss, “he can’t see me like this, Clint! What if—I am to be bound to the Chief, I will be a woman. If he sees me like this, he, he—he might say no. When I ask him, for the child,” Steve whispered, almost fearful in his tone. “His child.”
Tony was going to die. His defense was in less than 48 hours. He had worked on his charts, his graphs - his simulations, his videos,
” Tony demanded when Steve didn’t continue talking fast enough, and he dropped his coffee on the nearest flat surface before he accidentally spilled or broke it. “Steve, what—what did you—”
Just because he had an internship didn’t mean Steve was out of the woods with his other three classes. So while he had a hunch that the key to the case was hidden in Mrs. Hansen’s business and family assets, he didn’t have the time a full-time lawyer on the case might have to comb their records for insights. What he had were the eight hours a week otherwise devoted to Hawley’s class, plus what time he could shave off his paltry social life.
“Only one. The Brazilian was Fausto.”
Tony laughed before he could stop himself, then quickly hid his face against Steve’s chest where he barely contained his laughter into quiet giggling.
“I am accessing the Cryo-Prison’s morning hearing schedule, sir,” Tony interrupted him to say, his fingers flying over the keypad as he rushed to find the answers he needed. Let Fury carry him away if he wanted to stop him. “Almost there, sir.”
The corners of Steve’s mouth started twitching up in a hesitant smile, and even though he was busy fussing with drawers and pulling out the sealed packets of sanitized clips and trimmers, the man immediately spotted the tell-tale signs of his smile.
Bucky gave him a flat look. “This isn’t a debate,” he drawled at the same time as Steve said, “You have ten.”
A dangerous spark of excitement gave an edge to the man’s gaze, and Steve stood there spluttering internally as the man openly ogled him from head to toe.
“My dear Captain Steven G. Rogers, there appears to be some mistake,” he said as his VideoGram screen was split in half to display Rumlow’s rehabilitation directives. It looked nothing like what Tony had pulled up in the car only an hour ago. “My only interest in Rumlow was in the creation of an expert florist; his sensitivity to color and design is—”
“What do you take me for, Danvers? Tonight’s important to us, too,” Tony promised, sounding sincere before explaining, “Besides, Steve insisted on taking the edge off on the drive over, so unless there’s a bicycle seat involved, I’m game for anything”
“And you’re so warm,” Tony whispered in return.
Tony jolted out of his thoughts and looked up at Steve, wide-eyed. “What?”
Tony couldn’t make out what they were saying and (tragically) he couldn’t read lips, but it didn’t escape him that Steve never frowned or shook his head no. He was smiling and laughing with Jane, and at one point even pulled out his phone as if to confirm the time.
“Oh, damn. We haven’t been to Shield in years,” Steve said with a smile, and when Bucky offered him a hand to help him up, Steve took it without question.
“I didn’t even know wood could shine like that,” he muttered as he helped himself to some coffee and marveled at the polished work bench in the kitchen. “Kinda think we need to rub some dirt over the house… hell, if mom sees this is possible, she’ll never be happy again.”
Practice was as good as he could have hoped for on two hours of sleep; adrenaline made up for a lot, but he’d need to work on his sprints later, and by the time they hit the showers, he was dead on his feet. Barely conscious of anything happening around him, Steve went through the motions of rinsing off, getting dressed, and scarfing down three substantial helpings of lunch at the cafeteria before jogging across campus to his communications lecture.
Bucky took one look at him and sighed. “Don’t tell me it got worse.”
“I swear to do so as soon as it is within my power to do so,” Stephanie promised. “But until then, it is not safe. We travel only by night.”
“One could be more subtle about fishing for compliments, my love,” Tony teased, and when Steve let go of the sour memories enough to smile back at him, Tony rewarded him with a soft, adoring kiss over his heart.
“Well, yeah, but—”
“Thank you, Flora,” he said sincerely. “Let me talk to Mr. Rogers, and we’ll see if it’s possible, alright?”
Steve sat at breakfast, his mind going around in circles over what to do about Bucky. His chest ached with the weight of the total fuck up he'd made of things.
"So." He began, heaving a sigh. "Howard was abusive as shit to me. I guess he resented me for something? Anyway I was never what he expected of me. It took me a long time to come to terms with the fact that somewhere in there, dad did love me. But mom, mom was amazing. And I. . . Bucky I saw you on that tape. Someone sent me a tape in the mail. That's how I found out."
"Oh fuck, Tony!" Bucky cried as he was filled, heat engulfing his gut.
His scenery changed with the beating of his heart. Blue German sky, dark; reeking cell.
"Uh, no-nobody offered me a ride so I. . ."
Tony had his thin tank top pulled up to his chin. Slowly, he reached out and took Bucky's left hand and pressed it to the reactor scar. "This happened. It happened because of my arrogance and my complacency. I was a part of a system that was comfortable with zero accountability.
Steve rolled his eyes and started walking again.
"Tell me, Stevie, how are you with the dames?" He asked, not looking up from the file.
When Steve made to stop he pushed his ass back on him. "No! Keep going" he cried, letting himself get lost in the feeling. He breathed through the pain and willed his cock to harden again. Soon he was moaning again, softer this time.
"St-- wha-- what're you doi--- fuck! Oh my God!"
"I'm gonna have to keep my eye on you two aren't I?" Steve removed his fingers and raised Bucky's hips, throwing his legs over his shoulders.
When at last they pulled up to the Stark Mansion he was the first to hop out, thankful to be on stationary ground again. "Your house eh?" He queried as Howard joined him again.
He received no answer so he knocked again. "Snow White?" He called out and when he got no response again he addressed Friday.
Luckily the man was only too willing to elaborate.
"Like Steve's shield?" He looked at it in awe now.
He had balloons and a teddy bear.
It's just that they'd gotten so close over the short amount of time Bucky had been around. When Peter had heard Bucky was hurt again and absolutely couldn't see him, well, that didn't sit right with Peter.
"You came out of the coma about a month ago. Do you remember waking up then? You reacted kind of badly, so we've been keeping you asleep." Banner's voice was so soothing that Bucky felt almost like he could slip back into sleep. He vaguely wondered if the man knew that.
Still mad but he'd let him in? Baby steps. A good sign.
Tony's breath caught.
". . . What we've been doing is mad science, Tony! It probably violates several laws! We need an
Steve let out a sigh of relief and slumped back against the wall. "Where are you taking me, Friday?" He asked.
Bucky looked skeptical. "Then what?" He asked genuinely curious.
When he was breathing normally, Bruce sat back. "Can you tell me what's wrong, Bucky?"
He gave Bucky's chest a reassuring pat and stood.
Tony noted the alarm in the other man's voice.
"Please Tony!" He cried after a moment. "Please I want you." It was his turn to tremble. He looked back at Tony, face flushed, lips parted.
Steve's hands slid to Howard's back, rubbing up and down, fingers playing over his spine.
"I've lost you anyway, Stevie." He coughed, blood bubbling past his lips. He finally managed locking Steve in his sea-blue gaze. "Stevie will you bury me beside my folks? I sa-- saw my stone in the veteran's cemetery, but I . . . I wanna be by my folks."
"Yes, sir?" Came the chipper female voice
"How long ago?" Steve curled his finger inside, making Bucky moan sharply. He continued sliding it slowly in and out, fingertip pressed to his spot.
They didn't make it all the way back to the car because four steps out into the open Iron Man touched down in front of them.
"Jesus Mary and Joseph!" Bucky exclaimed. "Did the bullet exit?" He lifted the kid's leg and looked at the back of it. No wound marked that side.
"Just Bucky!" Thor reiterated loudly.
There was a dull ache in his chest, near the reactor scar. He absently rubbed it and let the feeling of missing Steve wash over him.
"Your clothes and the gymnasium key are on the bed, Jarvis is waiting out front with a car." He said not turning so much as to look at Steve.
The elevator doors opened on Steve's apartment. There was now more of Tony's stuff there than Steve's own.
"What can I say, I'm weak man. I'm made of equal parts monkey brain, lizard brain and sex-with-steve-rogers brain." He spoke at a breakneck as Steve moved so he was inches from his face. "Laundry list. Character flaws. Did you get the dick pic too because I think it was some of my very
Steve swallowed hard and tried to focus. He had to ground himself, force himself to not rip his clothes off and just take Bucky as he pleased. Instead he trailed his spit-coated finger between the cleft of Bucky's ass.
He heaved a deep sigh and gave himself a passing look in the mirror as he steeled himself for seeing Bucky. The cut was only sluggishly bleeding now, his hair was a mess, he had a little soot on him but he was otherwise presentable enough.
That was difficult for him to touch, first time for everything though.
"Just for you." Tony lay the arm across Bucky's lap and grabbed a chair, spinning it around. He sat with his arms crossed on the back of the chair, his cheek lightly resting on his forearms. "So let's talk."
Steve's lips parted against Tony's neck, teeth gently grazed the flesh that was becoming heated under his lips.
No, no, no.
"Nh-ninet-teen four-- ahh..  forty f-fuck! Forty Five!" Tony's hand was working him in short quick motions. His lips played at the edge of the shell of his ear.
"You got a mouth on you, Howard Stark." Steve stated sternly, crossing his arms over his chest.
Bucky straightened himself up, searching those perfect brown eyes.
Some base instinct made Steve pull him closer, tilt his head, deepen the kiss.
What Stark lacked in stature he made up for in dick. Steve found this out quickly as it slowly slid into him, stretching him further than the fingers had.
"You." Steve replied easily. "How unfair life's been to you. How I wish I could have saved you. How I wish I'd have known."
"I'm sorry, I can't. . !" He cried as he buried himself as deep as he could go, flooding Steve with his hot cum.
"Tony I. . ." His mouth worked but no sound came out. "I--"
"Tony?"
Tony was only half surprised when his own cock twitched in interest. One day, he made a mental note to himself, he would really have to test the theory of Cap getting him off with just his words. It seemed entirely plausible at present.
"I don't think I mentioned talking, Stark."
Bucky took the towel and draped it over his shoulder. He used his arms to raise himself up from the tub and back onto the edge. There was no hiding any of his body any more, but Bucky seemed unbothered.
Steve pushed Tony against the closest wall, claiming his mouth more hungrily now that it wasn't framed in metal. Steve loved that out of the suit, Tony was quite slight in his build. He had muscle, sure, but it was the lean and tightly coiled kind. He was shorter too, even after all these years of being over six foot someone smaller than him gave Steve a huge thrill.
"What?"
Steve teased him only a few more moments, listening to the whimpers that escaped him.
"H-hey." His voice was soft and soothing. "Hey I'm Doctor Bruce Banner. . .  Can you hear me?"
"Steve one day I'm going to want to really talk about what happened with Hydra. I kn. . . I know you have seen footage and read files but that was all from outside my head." He found himself being pulled to Steve's chest as he crushed him in a hug.
It was something he wanted to shield Tony from, but maybe Steve. . . Maybe a veteran like Steve . . .
Tony finally relaxed against him. "He feels like mine too. I love that kid and it's the most pure feeling I've ever had. I'd fight god for him."
“As soon as I come back,” Steve finished into Tony’s hair. With a last kiss, he stepped away to pull on his shirt and grab a sweater out of his bag before stepping out of the room.
,” Steve clarified with intentional enunciation. He took Tony by the shoulders and guided him to sit on the bed before he fell over. “What’s your earliest tomorrow, eight-fifty?”
“We’ll teach you everything you’ll ever need to know, darling,” Tony’s mom promised, rubbing a comforting hand up and down Steve’s arm. “You can call me Maria.”
Keyed up beyond his control, Steve turned Tony over onto his belly, shoving his face down into the cushions and tugging his ass up at a sharp angle that would keep Tony’s legs spread, but his muscles tight around his cock.
But for Tony, the hours passed in numbing silence.
“Oh no, no, you got yourself into this, Tony, do not bring me into it—”
“Yeah, they still make you feel it’s possible, every year,” Tony said with a solemn sigh, then moved on without a second thought. “What else? The gym, obviously.”
“You have
Six o’clock came and went without a peep from Tony.
“Pretty sure he could do worse than a genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist,” Steve observed seriously, which only had Tony grinning again.
Tony left without a backward glance.
The first time he had shared with Tony that he had been thinking about the taste of Tony’s cock to the point of distraction, how he had dreamed about the feel of him on his tongue, or the burn of friction down his throat if Tony would ever fuck his mouth, Tony thought it was a hallucination. He’d stared back at Steve, a dominant top if Tony had ever met one, and wondered if April 1st was making a winter-time encore just at Tony’s expense.
In your dreams, Capsicle.
Steve set his jaw and tried to shrug it all off - his sudden irritation with Tony, the unexpected interruption to his day. This was meant to be celebrated with his friends and family, the people closest to him. The people Steve could count on.
Nothing about this final job sat right with Tony, and he clung to Steve instinctively for protection. “Is it them?” he wondered, glancing pointedly at the other masters. “Are they fucking me?”
Before Rumlow has a chance to punch the terminal monitor, two NYPD patrol vehicles screech to a halt behind him. Now,
“Hold on to it for me?” Steve asked in a voice so quiet and a smile so shy he probably would have tried to brush it off as a joke if Tony balked.
Tentatively, Tony ran his hands over his own body, pinching and tugging at his bruised nipple in one hand, until he could twist and pull it just right to make his body jerk with pain. While he continued to experiment and play with his nipples with one hand, he reached down with the other to touch his cock, stroking it carefully, trying to avoid the cuts and bruises left behind by the customer with the scaly palms. But despite how careful he was, his hands inevitably pinched or squeezed over a pinch or a cut, and he would hiss and jolt so badly that the audience got repeated demonstrations of the full length of Steve’s cock impaling Tony.
“Thor? He’s deceptively smart, really percep—hey! Thor, I need to talk to you, got a minute?” he got up from the table once Thor picked up, and he walked a few feet away for more privacy. The conversation wasn’t long, and Thor wasn’t surprised.
The more he thought about it, the more he felt keeping such delicate secrets to himself seemed the better option.
“But, don’t you have a dream wedding?” Tony asked, trying to keep his voice calm. “Something not this?”
Between one heartbeat and the next, Tony felt his lovesick heart give way to cold sweat. He couldn’t afford to fuck this friendship and partnership up, not even for sex with Steve.
“I can’t
? Have you heard of it?” Graham prompted next while Miriam was patting Tony’s knee and saying she was sure he was delightful even if she didn’t like his movie. “Very famous for its dancing; it was a global sensation.”
“I’m not a virgin because virginity is important to me, Tony. I was only waiting for someone I could be honest with, about me and my family.”
Eventually, Steve found it, and without hesitation, without mercy, he scrubbed his finger against it, not letting up for a beat to give Tony a chance to recuperate.
The line was quiet for a while before Steve moaned to himself and tried to explain. “There’s nothing specific… I like taking my time, but fantasy? I have one. It’s… um, there’s something about rushing, for me. When you don’t even take your clothes off, you need it so badly that you’ll… you unzip and fuck. Fuck anyone willing. They’ll spread their legs, want it so bad, like your skin’s crawling and your body’s aching and all you need is a hard, fast fuck.”
Tony frowned at the question, his expression caught somewhere between suspicious and offended. “How bad is it?”
Living together, even if it was temporary, made so many things in Steve’s life feel less dull and repetitive. Although they were sent most of their meals from their respective nutritionists, they were responsible for their two morning meals. Most days he had to be on set around the same time Tony would start getting ready for the gym, but Tony would get up early to wake him up with coffee and hang out with him while he ate breakfast, then send him off to work with a kiss.
“That can’t count, Tony,” Steve said in a lowered voice. “I didn’t know how big he was when I stood up. I didn’t know he’d get violent.”
“Don’t ask me to hurt you,” Steve whimpered, his hips thrusting up to meet Tony’s tight fist involuntarily. “Please, Tony.”
“I mean that literally, Tony, it was a dream,” Steve tried to explain. “I didn’t—it wasn’t with anyone special, it wasn’t even conscious, I just… it was a recurring dream. A nice dream, but… I was alone. Who is more important than how.”
,” Steve complained, to Tony’s added amusement. “The only sports people talk about here is hockey, and nobody will turn on the NFL at the bar…
“Wait. Last Thursday?” Carol said slowly, shocked and mildly upset, like Tony had told her Pluto really wasn’t the ninth valid planet in the solar system. “Tony, Steve got you that in college. We were all there. If you didn’t know about it, where has it been?”
Tony watched him in quiet, humbled awe. Slowly, he pushed himself up to until they were eye to eye, nose to nose.
Don’t tell anyone
“Guess that means I'll keep’em, then,” Tony said with a grin, twisting in Steve’s arms to give him a quick peck on the lips. “But if you don’t get dressed soon, I doubt we’ll make it to the barn tonight.”
“Steve! Oh, good,” he breathed when he spotted Steve sipping bourbon by the large west-facing windows. “You’re alive, I was—god, that’s not fair,” he murmured when he noticed Steve’s beautifully tailored, dove grey suit. “Why—you packed this? Of course you packed it, it’s made for your body.”
“Sweetheart, all I wanted to say was thank you,” Steve promised, needing Tony to know he was really happy and touched - that he wasn’t trying to hide some alarming turn of events. “The flowers are absolutely beautiful, the smell is amazing. I don’t know how you found such a close blue, but you’re really… I love you, Tony. I’m sorry I woke you before a meeting, it’s not an emergency or anything, I just, ha. I got a little overexcited.”
Until Max Shreck found Selina Kyle working late in his office.
“What’s this for, anyway?” he murmured, angling the belt buckle Tony that had flashed at Rhodey earlier to read it himself. “Pro Rodeo Cowboys Association?”
was still petting his hair. With sleep-heavy limbs, he twisted around onto his back to come face-to-nose with the long, grey face of his horse.
Steve blinked down at Tony and smiled in wonder, as if he couldn’t believe the simplicity of the question. Tony blinked up at him, clearly trying to puzzle out what Steve might be thinking.
Steve sat in awe of the performance before him. Only hours ago, he’d had no hopes for his friend’s case - Hansen’s arguments against him had seemed to be irrefutable, and for Bucky to simply say he didn’t have a memory of those events had filled Steve with anxiety. But if Tony wasn’t ahead now, he was at the very least equal to whatever Natasha and her team had pulled together.
“Gonna hang around there all day, or are you going to fuck me, soldier?” he rasped with feigned nonchalance. Steve, who’d grown tense with concern, laughed breathlessly into the back of his neck. He pressed a soft kiss to Tony’s shoulder, whispering dear apologies for ‘losing focus.’
“Who?” Steve asked Tony, though he sounded less interested in the answer than Violet, who was slowly toeing her way to the open space on the couch between Steve and Tony where the other two puppies were currently scrambling and tumbling around.
Knowing that Tony’s dad and brother would soon be making another appearance was enough to make Steve shudder, so when Tony guided him to sit, Steve followed his lead blindly, sitting down carefully while trying to maintain his bearings. By the time he regrouped, Tony was bundling him up in a warm, patchwork quilt out of a nearby basket.
As expected, it worked like a charm.
“What do you want me to say? I choked,” Bucky muttered into his jumbo-size bag of peanut M&Ms.
“There is another way,” Clint told him the next morning over a silent breakfast of boiled turnips.
Steve took another deep, steadying breath. He reminded himself of his treasured apartment, his career. The bookshelf decorated with awards and photos commemorating his achievements.
After leaving his warm bed and Tony’s attentive care, Steve had managed to disarm four of the twelve clocks. It had taken hours, and while the others were still on the move, Steve returned what he could to Q in the hopes of using it to locate Scorpius. Even he knew that he had no chance of stopping twelve bombs from going off at the same time, but maybe the electric detonators could help him find the man behind the threat before anything happened.
Between the soothing noise and the incredible water pressure, Steve managed to calm his heart rate for a long, relaxing break. He left the water running even when he stepped out to dry off and pull his boxers on, brushed his teeth and got ready for bed, but in the end, he had to shut it down and abandon his temporary sanctuary.
“Fuck you. Of course I know his name, it’s, uh,” Tony coughed as his confidence wavered. “Steve. Steve Rogers.”
“He’s turned the corner,” Bucky told Steve grimly, as if the last thing he needed in his life was an eight-block sprint. Steve still tried to confirm they were out of sight when Bucky shoved the bank door open and shouted,
Logically, he knew this was the tradeoff for not having any stores nearby. He lived in Manhattan; he had a maid service. He didn’t need any of this.
As much as Steve enjoyed having his hands where he often felt they belonged, he couldn’t take it anymore. He scrubbed his hands over his face slowly, muffling a grunt of frustration and taking a moment to remind himself that he knew exactly what Tony was going through. He’d just never had to deal with himself before, and karma was - apparently - a bitch.
“We’ve still got a few hours of daylight,” Tony told him in a impish whisper. “Unless… you’re still recovering?”
Steve stared for a moment, impressed and somewhat taken aback by Tony’s unexpectedly cheeky playfulness. “You’ll have to earn it, Stark. In my time, we would say the fastest way to a man’s heart is through his stomach. Feed me well,” he added in a low, intimate whisper, “and you’ll be my world.”
It didn’t take Steve long to oblige him again.
“Call Banner, tell him we’re coming to the lab right now,” Steve told his partner just as he was digging out his own phone. The block was crawling with cops, and he was thankfully put through to a black and white who was very eager to start her morning by plowing through every red light to get them back to the station in record time.
who interpreted every twitch or every action to signal the worst, horrible, no-good things. Sure, they were his best friends, but they would never let him live this day down.
Steve didn’t remember which of them suggested they become the third pair of the night to marry, or what paperwork they scribbled through or who served as their respective witnesses. But he remembered the look of burgeoning adoration in Tony’s heated gaze, and he remembered them pulling off the highway onto an empty outlook point over the ocean; he remembered the top coming down and them unraveling their clothes between them. He remembered the attentive fingers and eager mouth that drove him to near lunacy, he remembered pushing Tony back and straddling his hips. He moved to the ebb and flow of the ocean waves crashing against the cliffs below, with Tony’s strong, grasping fingers entwined in his to keep him in his place as Steve rode him at his leisure.
“It’s not easy accepting that you’re a person like me,” Steve eventually said. “You were the first writer who treated marginalized stories like any other story. You taught me that this whole… mainstream, heteronormative, 2.5 kids and a mortgage was a hegemonic idea that wasn’t necessarily reflective of the human experience. You made me feel like I wasn’t destined to be the sidekick to some straight character, that I could be the star of my story just like anybody else. And I know it’s unfair to you,” Steve had to say, “I know it is. But… I just never expected you to be…”
“Innovation, revolution, and progress. All of these steps have been taken despite the risk of failure,” she said, giving every word its due gravity. She paused then and met Steve’s eyes. “Without recognizing the fear of failure and shame, one rejects the vulnerability necessary to press onwards.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Under the great dome lid he found two plates of succulent lamb and rosemary potatoes. The whole presentation was divine, and the smell even better, and for a moment he even considered leaving Tony out of it and eating both servings himself.
“Sometimes,” Tony admitted quietly. He sat down at the table again, keeping one mug while offering the other to Steve.
“You made that face,” Steve whispered, drawing a finger over Tony’s forehead and temple before going back to combing his fingers through Tony’s hair; slowly, he started to rub his fingertips over Tony’s scalp, and before Tony knew what to expect, Steve’s strong fingers were finding the knots of tension over his scalp and the base of his neck.
“No, because I like it and it’s a great cover for sneaking away from the party! Which reminds me, why did Bruce Wayne come up to you? Do you know him?”
Tony felt Steve’s hands squeeze his waist gently in acknowledgment, a quiet sign of gratitude, and the relieved smile on Steve’s lips comforted him. But under him, Steve’s body still felt tense with questions he hadn’t voice yet. Tony waited with what little patience he had, combing his fingers through Steve’s hair absently and holding him close until Steve was ready to say more.
let your future wife or husband sleep in our bed in Portugal. I also have a list of twelve people that you may never marry. Break any of these rules, and I will haunt you until the day you die.”
, he needed
intimate,” Tony tried to explain without losing his head. “Second, there's
He should have expected such a response, but something about the quiet way Steve said it, as if he didn’t want someone else to overhear, gave Tony pause. “Do you,” he started to ask in a whisper, glancing at the condom Steve had dropped on the bedspread within reach, but Steve shook his head.
“I still want you to come with me as my date to the New York premier,” Tony said over the phone, his voice lowered a little in case something more important was happening on Steve’s screen. “You don’t have to walk the carpet if it’s too much, but it would mean a lot to me if you were there.”
Tony hung up the phone, and briefly considered throwing it out the window. But eventually he managed to simply wash his hands, dry them off, and finished going through Steve's medicine cabinet before stepping out of the bathroom.
“Hi,” she said, prim and polite. “Sharon Carter.”
Thor had the decency to look a little shamefaced, but it was Bruce who answered him. “To prove to Yinsen that you’re a good candidate for brand director, and that you can write something the female audience will like. Tell me, Tony: what is it about this scheme of yours that a female audience will like?”
Steve gave another wiggle. “Comfortable?” he wondered with a sleepy smile in his voice.
“Alright, then if that’s good for now… the lab isn’t safe until morning if you want help studying. Educate me in the potential power of cocks, Steven.”
“No, Steve. I looked at it every way I could,” Tony promised, and his voice sounded closer and softer than before. “If my math is right, you’ll be as strong as you are now to the end. I mean—no, I didn’t, not the, uh,” he stammered, scrambling for a way to save himself for two desperate seconds before giving up with a pained groan. “Damnit, I’m sorry, Steve. I didn’t mean to—but we’re a team, remember? I’m right here - we’re all, I mean, we’re all here and we’ll figure it out together, like you always say—”
He got back to his dorm at three, and didn’t open his eyes again until five hours later when the ringing phone woke him up. His Sweetheart was calling.
Clint stared at Stephanie and Tony like they had both grown numerous heads without realizing. But by the look of them, he wouldn’t be able to convince either of them to bring the dragon to the inevitable battle (war).
“Love you so much,” Tony rasped breathlessly into Steve’s panting mouth, pressing their lips together in another kiss, desperate to kiss him again and again and again even as they both struggled to catch their breaths. Try as he might, Tony couldn’t stop kissing Steve, or touching his hair, his ears, his face as he spouted praise and love and affection for the man who kept his heart in such euphoric relief.  “Love you, my tech hero, my, my—I fucking love you, Steve, I’d be lost without you.”
“Buck, listen to me. If it is him, fine, he’s already in custody, but in the off chance it
Tony rolled his eyes and dropped his forehead against Steve’s shoulder. “No! She likes them because she worships Princess Diana,” he groaned under his breath.
Was Steve going crazy from lack of sleep? Tony was making sense. It didn’t matter when he learned the material, just that he learned it for the test. And that test was going to be murder, he knew he could use every additional point from attendance and homeworks that he could get to boost his final grade.
Ever since Tony’s inauguration and their move into the White House, any time Tony returned home later than expected, ‘Tony, is that you?’ was a question of genuine concern, demanding fate to let his husband come home. It wasn’t blatant, and maybe to others he still sounded happy and curious, but to someone who knew Steve so well, the fear was palpable. The fear that one day the answer to ‘Tony, is that you?’ would be an apologetic Secret Service Agent delivering a grateful nation’s condolences.
“Got swept away,” Steve finished softly, finding his smile again. “We both did, Tony. It was an incredible night. You…” he added in a whisper, sheepish in this undefined spell they had fallen into. “You were incredible.”
“To be continued in person?” Tony suggested when he’d collected himself, the smile clear in his voice. “Maybe over dinner, with our clothes on?”
That first night, once the shock and anger and pain of seeing him so unexpectedly subsided, Steve lost hours of sleep wondering why Tony had come back. A man like him could have gone anywhere and become anything, so what was he doing in New York? More importantly: had he really come back after only six months, shared the same streets and delis and Grindr ‘dating’ pool as Steve without Steve ever knowing it? Did Tony live with someone now, someone Steve didn’t know and who kept a toothbrush next to Tony’s, or maybe even had spare keys to Tony’s place?
“Steve?” Tony choked out, either confused or concerned until the first bead from the tapered side of the glass dildo popped past the firm resistance of Tony’s rim beside Steve’s hard cock.
“Is he, too, a vehicle for physical injury and aggressive enrichment?” Bruce wondered, eyeing Tony with concern. “As your partner, it is my duty to remind you that 21st century violence has not been acceptable for decades. We are an improved, peaceful society. You should know this more than anyone, Tony Stark,” he added gravely.
“You said there is no relationship without a future,” Tony reminded him, but quickly seemed to change his mind. Under the scrutiny of Steve’s devoted attention, Tony leaned back in his seat to take a steadying breath. He wasn’t sure how many people were in the room with them, and depending on how much they had already heard, Tony wasn’t likely to have so much time to act.
When Tony woke up in Steve’s sprawling nest that first morning, he opened his eyes to a strange orange world. In place of Earth’s yellow star, this one was warmed by a distant orange star, and a nearer red star. The outward walls of the room were all transparent, and provided Tony with a full view of the peculiar and unexpectedly purple landscape. It looked like a private garden, but there was no green to be seen. The only thing in this world that seemed familiar was the large man sleeping beside him, the man who had come to him in his dreams. Tony shook him awake at once to get an explanation.
“Your dad’s right, Flora, the sun can be really brutal, and like Harvey says, our skin burns. Giraffes have skin just like us, and they can burn, too. And because they are always sticking their tongues out to pick leaves off trees, the last four to five inches of their tongues have evolved over time to be dark purple so it doesn’t burn in the sun. Can you guess how long a giraffe’s whole tongue is?”
“Mom?”
Graham and the couch listened with a pleasant silence, but as Tony finished his story, Graham looked thoughtful. “Pilates, that’s similar to yoga, isn’t it?”
Whenever he looked at the scattered crowds they passed, Tony thought of Bucky’s words. There were so many children everywhere he turned, children of all ages. Not many looked healthy, and even fewer looked happy, but they were huddled with their parents in their hovels.
“Thank you.”
Steve’s first clear thought when he woke up was that his head felt lopsided and disconnected from his body. He didn’t know where he was, how he’d gotten there, and his attempts to piece it together failed. A fog weighed on heavily him, smothering his senses. Steve scrambled to shake off the delusions detracting him from scraping together what happened to him, but reality was slippery and hazy, and his drug-addled thoughts quickly turned against him in mortal panic.
Steve turned in his seat and gazed after Tony with a hopeful smile. “I’m afraid tequila hasn’t liked me since I turned thirty,” he called after him and watched as Tony poured himself two generous fingers of scotch.
“Estás jugando? I’m not talking to her because I want to,” Tony said in slow, clipped words. “I’m talking to her because
So it wasn’t a stroke, but Tony still wasn’t answering his ringing phone.
“I’d like you to stay.”
His mind made, Steve marched the whole way to the campus store. This time the appreciative glances and amazed stares did nothing for him - he barely even noticed anyone looking at him as he pushed his cart down the aisles, filling it with notecards, a tablet, and a laptop computer.
“What is Captain Steve Rogers doing?“ Bruce asked, and Tony could only blink back at him. For any prisoner to exit a law enforcement conveyance was highly improper, and to make matters worse, Steve walked on the green, unpaved landscaping.
Less fortunately, Tony had no reason to see Steve’s bedroom, either.
Steve gently cupped Tony’s face in his hands, trying to help him snap out of whatever funk he was in. “What’s going on? You’re scaring me, Tony.”
Even now, Steve wasn’t sure where he stood. Was Tony an exception? Was Steve lying to himself and remaining closeted when he could be less of a hypocrite and accept the fact that he genuinely adored another man?
At first, Rumlow got the upper hand, tackling Steve face-first into the wall and taking his advantage out on Steve’s unprotected back in the seconds it took Steve to whip around with his elbow and shatter Rumlow’s cheek.
“Thank you for tonight,” Tony said as they emerged into chilly the night time air, and he stretched to kiss Steve’s cheek. “I really enjoyed that game.”
From that night, Steve quickly found his way. He returned to his preferred early morning workouts that gave him hours to eat and prepare for lecture every day. He spent his evenings at the library, reading up on week’s court cases and typing up his assignments - except for Tuesdays when he'd make his way out to Sam’s salon to hang out and catch up. Sam and the ladies working at his salon quickly became Steve’s best friends at Cambridge. It started when Steve sat down for a few hours after closing to show Paulette some of the tips and tricks he’d picked up on set over the years, and trusting Erin to cut his hair.
Steve wasn’t sure he heard right. He frowned to himself and found himself asking, “What do you mean?”
“Steve—darling,” Tony moaned softly, his head tipping to the side as Steve worked on raising a dark bruise at the base of neck. With a half-hearted tug of Steve’s hair, he whimpered, “please?”
“J, all power to front repulsor. Let’s take it down.”
“Cap, we have officially made progress. With the wiring reconfigured to power just the GPS and the comms and the drone’s battery hooked up, I just need to set up the relay so Jarvis can use the jump-start to start cycling power back through the suit. You could be meeting Jarvis as early as tomorrow morning!”
“So… how long has it been since you were here?” she asked carefully, continuing on with her work.
He nodded his thanks but went back to staring at the wall with a frown.
He drew a rough shape in the soil that she guessed was supposed to be her amour, then a line heading east to an ‘X’. Another sign of societal impact in his drawing. He moved two twigs back and forth between the two places.
***************************************
Cap moved where she bid, his tongue tentatively flicking her right nipple, looking up to watch her reactions intently. She moaned softly, letting him know he was on the right track.
If she felt pinned before, it was nothing to right now.
He played at teasing her this morning, getting her close, hearing her moan and pant before backing off, keeping his touch too light for her to finish.
One final surge of power emanated from her chest, running a scorching beam straight through the drone’s chest plate. It suddenly plummeted, Toni following. As she approached the ground, she felt the controls of her suit failing.
**************************************
He turned around and ran, leaving Toni behind.
Though he did not understand what she was saying apart from his name, he went to where she gestured, slowly lowering himself to the ground by her leg.
He did not run off straight away. He touched his knuckles gently to theirs, to all his Siblings that he had lived with for so long. He suspected this may be the last time he saw them.
The echoes of the gorilla’s bellowing followed them through the jungle as Cap carried them away at a brutal speed, Toni’s joints aching from how tightly she held on to his shoulders.
“Yes! There’s still juice left! Cap, this is it. This is what I needed to get the suit working and get back to the world. In fact, it will be quicker to send a transmission from here rather than fix the suit. I just need to cannibalise some of this radio equipment…” Toni turned to look at him, her voice trailing off as she saw the expression on his face.
“Kiss.” She said again. She pressed on his shoulder gently to encourage him to sit again, which he did with a little reluctance.
He whined. Sister sensed his distress and moved closer to him.
She had not.
“You’re welcome.” He returned with a smile, remembering his short lesson last night.
Since she was having a rough time, she thought she deserved the odd treat when it presented itself, so she allowed her eyes to roam down Cap’s body. He looked like granite wrapped in smooth, tanned skin. Her fingers itched to wrap around his bicep, or run down his chest and skate over his abs. She could happily go further and certainly would have complete access to do so, seeing as Cap had lost the loin cloth overnight.
“Yes! God, yes baby, perfect…
But now, as she looked across at Cap in the water, she did not want to spend their last night alone in the wilderness in heavy silence.
She normally would not allow such a display of macho chivalry, as being seen carried princess style by a big strong man threatened her own badass motherfucker reputation. But there was no one here to see. And her leg hurt. And her weight seemed to be barely a blip on the radar of his biceps…
“Again?” he asked.
He snapped his fingers.
He had quickly pushed two fingers back into her, scissoring them slightly to fill her up.
… oh, oh, OHHH I’m-“ Toni’s hips pushing up impatiently before she cried out, clenching hard on his fingers. Her clit throbbed under his tongue, which he flattened against her to draw out her orgasm, just like she told him. Her smooth thighs clamped around his head as he crooked his fingers once more, feeling merciless and impatient to keep her going, to string out this moment for as long as possible.
Cap did not know what to call this creature. He could not recall ever having seen one before. But it grabbed lightly at his shoulders in a friendly sort of way before it settled next to him, also having a drink.
“That’s me. Steven Rogers.” He said roughly.
“Whatever you like. We should try them all, narrow down what sort of dance we might do at our wedding.” He said, sounding almost dreamy.
He smiled back at her, practically with stars in his eyes.
Like him.
Cap immediately picked up on her slowly blinking eyes, gesturing a spot for her to lay down. She did so, keeping her curious eyes on his for as long as she could.
The last several days with Toni were unlike any he remembered. They spoke, they laughed, they learned about each other, they pleasured each other. Being with her felt fulfilling in a way he had never even known he was missing.
She chuckled warmly.
Toni felt another shiver of arousal go through her body as Cap looked at her like she was the most delicious buffet being presented to a starving man. She hitched up her bottom to rub the wetness clinging to her skin against his prick.
“Stark, we’ve been waiting to hear from you for over a week. Where the hell are you?” he demanded.
Toni sighed.
He grabbed her uncovered hand just as she snapped. He was not going to let her do this alone.
Toni dropped her head, her emotions suddenly swelling and bringing tears to her eyes.
He brought her off another three times that night, almost reluctant to let her touch him in return in case it got in the way of his opportunity to have his head buried in her lap.
He was so earnest, so upfront, so sweet and unselfish in his affection. Toni knew instinctively that he would do anything for her, anything to keep her safe and make her happy.
the leopard to attack? Was it dogs or cats you stared down to prove your dominance?
More alarms blared now, and Steven could smell smoke.
It was on.
His head was buzzing with all the stimuli. The cool water to his knees, the faint sound of their combined breathing, the heat of Toni’s skin in his hands, the smell of Toni’s hair as he nuzzled the side of her face, the shiver of anticipation as he moved his lips lower, the snapping of a branch behind them…
He heard Bucky already reporting back to the SHIELD medical and Dr Cho who were on their way.
“Yes Toni.” He said, lifting her out of the water. He bundled up her clothes by the riverside, pressing them into her arms before carrying her back to the shelter.
Toni looked amazing in a form fitting red dress, her bouquet set to the side as she fondly watched Pepper and Happy move gracefully in their first dance.
Cap stumbled, coming to an abrupt halt as he heard the name.
Cap moved quickly, his hands gently holding her waist as he raised her to her feet as though she weighed the same as a feather. He stood incredibly close as he steadied her on her feet.
It was late afternoon by the time Toni let Cap hoist her into his arms and carry her through the canopy back to the river by his shelter. She had considered staying in the quinjet overnight, but they were both sweaty and dehydrated. What was a few more hours delay on getting home? One last quiet night with Cap with just the breeze and sounds of birds and insects serenading them.
And with what he learned this morning…
“You are a fucking work of art baby. Unbelievably hot, running around with just that little loin cloth and built like a Greek god. You know how much I want to lay you out and show you everything you’ve been missing all this time alone in the jungle? I think we’d have a lot of fun testing your stamina.” She whispered hotly to him, basking in the adoration in his eyes as he hung on her every word.
Brother.
Once they had both spit, Toni opened her mouth to speak, hoping she would be able to convey her need with gestures and not have to humiliate them both by going full mime.
Toni did not have the headspace for feelings right now. She would deal with that when (1) the suit was fixed and rescue was on the way or (2) when the suit was beyond hope and she had to fashion her own loin cloth so she could spend the rest of her days in the wild, swinging from vines and never touching another piece of technology again. She was pretty positive she would only last a few weeks in the jungle after going native, so it’s not like a lifetime commitment would be a tough call if the latter option came to pass.
It was done.
He stopped as she yelled, looking concerned rather than offended. It occurred to her that if he was going to knock her over the head and drag her to his cave or otherwise engage in creepy behaviour, he probably would have done it already.
As his thumb grazed her lip, she pressed her lips to it in a light kiss.
She thought to herself.
His stomach was turning with nerves. If he just rested a hand on her back, would it be inappropriate? Or maybe even not clear enough? What if she turned to him and waited on his next move. What would he do next?
He held his hands up as though to gesture she should stay where she was and walked to the edge of the clearing. He cast one more look over his shoulder at Toni before he disappeared.
Trying to fix her suit with just a few screwdrivers and a mini welding iron would be like trying to perform neuro-surgery in a barn with a butter knife.
She let her eyes close, hearing him shift to lay down an arm’s length away from her.
**************************************
Once on the platform, he urged Toni to take a seat and grabbed some more of the cleaning plant to treat her leg once again, resting it on his lap.
She reached up and pressed the wall, a sizeable hidden compartment popping out. Inside was a silver case, well preserved from its hiding place over the years. Toni pulled it out, but before she could open it, Cap was there. He covered her hands with his own.
“I am relieved to hear that Miss. I am attempting to calculate your coordinates now to arrange extraction. It is proving rather difficult.”
He wished he was not alone in these, his final moments.
She though idly about what she should do to him. He really liked it when she rode him, they could do that. Or maybe start a little slower… she hadn’t felt his tongue on her pussy for over 24 hours which was just unacceptable.
She was Toni Freaking Stark. She could do this.
He flattened his tongue against her before sucking gently, making Toni moan encouragingly and clench her fingers in his hair. He excitedly moved to her other nipple, tweaking the wet one he left behind, causing her to jolt slightly.
He leaped to his feet, startling his Sisters who protested his sudden movement.
Toni placed a hand on his shoulder, gently urging him to lay on his back. Next she wrapped her fingers around his wrist, bringing it slowly down so his hand covered the sizeable tent in his now almost redundant loin cloth.
Their lips met, Toni immediately deepening the kiss.
The man moved so fluidly but had the presence of a mountain, diving forward to dodge the swipe of the leopard’s deadly claws, wrapping his big hands around its front leg and still managing to position himself protectively in front of Toni.
All of the controls were going haywire, causing a cacophony of alarms to fill the plane’s cabin. Comms were dying, the crackling voice of Colonel Phillips cutting in and out. “Rogers, report… location… package…”
Once they were on the ground, she hastily ducked behind a tree, slipping her fingers in the bands of her tights to pull them down before she realised that Cap had followed her, wanting to keep her in his eyeline.
The three ate, drank and laughed until the early morning, Toni offering one of the spare rooms to Bucky to stay the night. After a quick call to his husband (“travelling in Lagos for business, otherwise he would have come”), they cleared up and said their goodnights.
Toni slumped with relief, leaning heavily on Steve as she nibbled on her snack.
He did not know where he was.
“I’m sorry.” He said into her hair.
It took him a torturous amount of time to get back to the quinjet. He pushed himself as hard as he could, but still his vision swam with memories which made it difficult to focus on the path forward.
“Toni. Toni. TONI!” the yell broke through her concentration.
They were as they always were. Foraging, grooming. The young ones played in the safety of the circle of the females. Sister welcomed him back with a coo, tapping his arm to turn around so she could groom him. Another Sister leaned against his leg.
“A while. Years.” He said.
An idea seemed to hit him then, his bright eyes lighting up as he cleared some of the leaf matter to reveal the soil underneath. Then with a stick, he drew what seemed like a crude map in the soil.
The power of the stones faded, their work done. As the chain broke, all of the Avengers watched sombrely as the Guardians took their revenge on this being that had tortured them, killed their families.
She was not used to male attention being so… innocent.
He slowly (for her benefit she was sure) climbed down the tree, his flexing shoulders pressed up against her face, making her suppress a smirk.
Cap frowned slightly at her suggestion. He seemed to contemplate her words, like he understood them, but a second later he shook his head like he was clearing it.
He woke up before Toni the next morning, as he always did. He slipped away to collect some fresh water and something to eat before slipping quietly back to her side. He examined her fondly, the little puffs of breath as she slept were so adorable to him.
did he come from?
They watched, all in pain, as Thanos’s army disintegrated into dust, melting away in the breeze. The battlefield cleared until only Thanos was left on his knees before them, his failure and confusion clear on his face.
He finished his path at her ankles but was reluctant to withdraw entirely. She raised her hand to brush a lock of blonde hair over his ear, pausing there. He slowly raised his hand to do the same, tenderly brushing her short hair back.
Toni walked back to her suit, pulling out the small tool set she had built in for small repairs.
“It’s just that I need water-“ she rattled her almost empty water bottle, “and any medical-grade antiseptic you have on hand-“ she didn’t bother trying to sign that one out, “can you show me water nearby?”
He had taken her once again to the river, so they could refresh themselves before a day in the hot sun and humid air. He had taken his place protecting her back, watching her as she rolled her shoulders, tipping her head back in relief at the coolness of the water.
He spun around.
He clenched his jaw. If he had been quicker, smarter…
He crooked his finger as shown, her tight, wet channel clenching on the single digit.
“I would be happy to provide some advice on how you can update some of your Stark Tech, really bring it in to the current century.” Shuri joked.
Now her heart stopped.
Now the worst was behind them. There would always be bad guys the Avengers needed to fight, but none like Thanos. And there were more of them now, the Avengers. It did not always have to be Iron Woman.
Her chest felt tight with anxiety as she thought about her limited options.
Cap was breathing heavier now, his eyes intent on her lips.
The bed may be too soft for Steve to sleep in, but Toni bet she could still lure him into it.
He just smiled down at her, carrying her out of the clearing. She cast one last glance at her armour laying prone on the ground. She hated to leave it behind, but she felt deep down that she was in the safest possible place right now, in Cap’s arms.
“J, cut it.” She said, and the music cut off abruptly.
! Yeah baby, you get me so wet. You’re so good, touch me just how I like, always want to make me feel good huh?” she asked, pulling his head back to look at him.
had to sleep on the ground again it would be too soon.
He loved her and would follow wherever she led.
He raised a hand to his head and it came back stained red.
The other case she had not opened and warned him not to touch.
Suddenly Cap sat pack, his strong hands lifting her on to his lap and he continued to pump into her.
Once he reached the large tree with their nest, he gently slung Toni over his back and made sure she was holding on tight before he began to climb. She was warm against his skin, except for her wrist which was still decorated in the red metal that matched her suit.
“Good show.” She said with a smile, relaxing back but still keeping her appreciative gaze on Cap.
The Wakandan soldiers greeted them, providing blankets, water and protein bars (thank God, no more fruit) and told them to rest in their seats as they transported them the two hours back to the city.
As he took his fill of water, the hair on the back of his neck raised.
He had always thought of his past as emptiness, as darkness and solitude and pain. Even in dreams, in nightmares that took him to places that bore no resemblance to the jungle, he felt pain. He felt small and weak, misunderstood and so heavy. Heavy like he had something to do but couldn’t, heavy like he was failing.
Princess Shuri had been a most welcome and entertaining rescue call, using Wakandan stealth tech to triangulate the signal of her connection. Rescue was only hours away, tagged to the comm device she now carried with her as she and Cap made their way back to the suit.
The silver lining is that the HYDRA weapon on board would die with him. At least the world would be safe from the destruction it could cause.
Toni sighed. She hated when he made sense.
“- are not understanding a word I am saying, are you?”
about this?
He seemed content with the proposal.
She sighed, leaning down to fasten to her wrist gauntlet, picking up the tools and a tracking device she had yet to get back up and running. She moved to stand, being careful of her leg.
“Are you crazy man? Warn a girl, jeez…” She may be being slightly overdramatic, given some of the stunts she had pulled in the Iron Woman suit, but he did not know that.
She looked at him strangely now, an expression he had not seen before. It was with a head tilt and a slightly furrowed brow, as though she were confused by his actions. However the hint of a smile and wistful look in her eye indicated she liked it?
He watched her now, the way she manipulated the hard metal with her hands, pulling it apart and twisting the tiny wires together so deftly. He had realised yesterday that this red suit was her creation. She knew every part of it, all the intricate pieces underneath the hard exterior. The other white shell was not hers, but still she disassembled it efficiently, seemingly able to determine what parts should be cast aside and what parts could be used with a glance.
And Steve was still a hundred feet away, watching helplessly as this mad Titan was about to commit genocide.
He was frowning deeply, his breath coming a bit quicker. Being in here made him feel claustrophobic, the weight of memories making it hard to breathe. Pain, fear, a crippling sense of being entirely
She just held him tightly.
“Toni, do you have any idea what time it is? You’ve been in here for 20 hours. You need to rest.” Steve said with concern.
“Uh… ok. Are you coming back?” Toni asked the now empty space.
He had never seen another person for as long as he could remember. Sometimes he would dream in faces, in people he may have known or may have made up, but they always slipped from his grasp when he woke.
The thought of her lips kissing him there practically
She may as well fill her time with work.
“Alley-oop!” she said joyfully, jumping on his back to pointing him toward the river.
He had never felt anything like this. Everything Toni did was amazing to him. He strongly suspected that if he met a million women, none would come close to Toni Stark.
“Just… back it up a step there Gladiator. I’m grateful for the assist, turning in to cat kibble is one of the few things that could actually make this day worse, but you are-“
He looked older than Steve, but not by much. He had dark hair and had obviously dressed up for the occasion, wearing his service uniform. The closest resemblance between the two was their big puppy-dog eyes. They both looked lost, staring awkwardly at each other from across the room. After a couple of moments of drawn-out silence, Toni could stand it no longer.
Jarvis was still connected to her now – it was likely the connection would erode and make conversation impossible before rescue happened, but for now she was soaking up as much of Jarvis as she could.
Now he leaned forward to lightly peck the tip of her nose, moving back to watch her eyes open slowly to the morning light.
He was sure she could feel his eyes drilling into her back, but she did not seem to mind in the least. The third time his eyes darted back to her she looked at him over her shoulder, giving him a sly smile.
“No. I’m ok – I found my own personal hero here in the jungle to keep me safe.” She said, throwing Cap a smirk.
“High praise. Just wait til you start moving.” She teased, wrapping her legs around him to cross her ankles behind his bottom. “I’m ready when you are.”
“Shit. Ok just… let’s not set too murderous a pace, I’m more in to kick boxing than the ropes course.” She said, wrapping herself more tightly around his torso.
**********************************
He leaned forward, eyes darting up to hers to see if she would stop him.
“Yessss baby, there!
“Cap…” he said aloud, seeing how it felt on his tongue. It did not feel quite right, but it would have to do for now.
Cap recognised the word ‘shelter’. “Yes. Home.”
She raised to arms in a silent invitation for him to pick her up, which he did with relish, holding her tight against his body. He leapt gracefully over the jungle floor, Toni a slight but reassuring weight in his arms.
She was happy to oblige.
“Use your fingers first, stretch me so you can slide right in.” she instructed, arching her back slightly.
“Yes Miss. But I fear not for much longer.” Came Jarvis in her ear.
Toni always had a hard time expressing emotions and being sincere with her words, so she struggled now with what to say.
Toni pressed against him, joined hands resting on his chest. “So romantic Captain Rogers.”
The wedding was beautiful, as elegant as one would expect an event organised by Pepper Potts to be. Toni would have paid for everything if they had let her, but Pepper and Happy had talked her down to just the food, drink and cake. Plus a sizeable contribution to the honeymoon.
She looked up at him curiously, and he thought she was going to argue with him. But eventually she just sighed, letting him help her up before he swung her into his arms.
“I forgot that. My name. I forgot who I was.” He said, not even hesitating over the words coming from his mouth.
“Toni.” Cap growled, making her meet his gaze. Once again, those big blue eyes were on her with a laser-focus. He seemed to be asking her something, something he couldn’t get out in words.
The message must have translated because he drew back and in a graceful movement, removed the material covering what was left of his modesty and wrapping his hand around himself.
Slowly he moved his hands to her arms, tracing his fingertips around her bicep and trailing them slowly down. He intently mapped out her body with his hands, tracing almost the exact same path she had used in examining him.
She knew what he was asking.
“Fine. But I’m getting Jarvis to wake me up in five hours.”
It took four more thrusts forward and Toni’s nails digging into his hip for him to come, spilling on to Toni’s skin and crying out. She kept guiding him through it, letting him grip her more roughly than before and rub his still twitching cock through the mess he had made.
“NO!” he cried, anguished, pushing even harder to get to her side.
“You and I are having a long talk when I get to Wakanda.” Toni said almost excitedly. This girl had some serious tech.
“What… are you making a suit for
“Toni, come.” He said firmly.
Once he was on his knees next to the bed, her legs spread wide over the side so he could eat her out, she fervently promised herself that she was going to pin him down and see how long he would last with her mouth on him.
His softly grunted and wildly gesticulated argument was starting to sway her – if he had a safe place to sleep, she should probably go with him. What if he got sick of arguing with her and left to his shelter? The thought of climbing into the Iron Woman suit for a long, uncomfortable night was not very appealing.
He clenched his eyes shut at the sound and licked her through it, drawing out the hot waves of pleasure until she was shaky, her hands weakly pushing at his head until he stopped.
He felt anxiety clawing at his throat. He did not want to talk about it, he hated thinking about it… but she was so upset, ready to risk something that obviously scared her and if he said nothing, it would be a betrayal.
“No.” he growled, pacing agitatedly, holding his temples and trying to shake away the feelings.
She hoped it would not be their last ever night. She was almost sure he would come back with her.
Toni processed this new information. Cap had not been as alone as she had imagined. The thought actually gave her some comfort, as bewildering as imagining living among a group of gorillas was.
“Woah Superman, I’m not quite that injured. Which way?” she asked, pointing her finger and waiting for him to set off in direction of wherever he wanted to take her.
It was in a relatively sombre mood that they washed. Toni wondered if a part of her would miss this. Probably not, not once she stood beneath the six shower heads at her penthouse.
“This is not really the sort of thing you say ‘thank you’ for, but you’re welcome.” She replied.
“Like… I… heaven.” He panted against her neck where he had moved to lick up a bead of sweat.
He swept her on to the dance floor, holding her close. He did not have much talent for dancing, but he could certainly lead a simple slow waltz.
“It’s a note for the ‘to-do’ list. The proposal will come some place other than Pepper and Happy’s wedding.” He told her matter of factly.
“Love you.” He whispered.
How was he supposed to convince her to come with him?
He pushed himself up to stand, though his leg hurt where he could see a shard of something sticking out of him.
He glanced up at her through his lashes, his lips still sucking lightly on her clit, making her wetter and wetter.
“You can if you want? Lick them.” She whispered, running her thumb over his bottom lip to indicate what she meant.
Steve looked both fond and surprised at her words. “I’m glad I found you too.” He said softly.
Toni talked him through it, curling one hand around the back of his neck to whisper in his ear.
She slid her hand slowly down to rest it against the side of his neck. She saw the small shiver it elicited, feeling a smug sense of satisfaction at his responsiveness.
He seemed to get it almost instantly, moving them to the side of the platform where he urged her to wrap her arms around his neck and climb on to his back.
He had not seen creatures like this in the jungle. One was light and pointed, and now he looked closer, it had no discernible face. It was entirely still, not alive. His gaze moved to the bright red one that shine in the rays of sunlight that broke through the trees.
Where
She was beautiful.
A massive silverback gorilla burst through the leaves with a bone-rattling roar. It reared up when it caught sight of their rapidly retreating forms, thumping on its chest and roaring again.
***************************
Bucky nodded warmly at Toni, but his eyes were drawn back to his friend he long-thought dead.
“Toni, going to be ok.” Cap told her as she threw down one of the circuit boards from the drone. It was a mantra she had said multiple times in front of him, though it did sound reassuring coming from his lips.
Eventually a beeping sounded and Toni let out a whoop.
“Kiss.” She ordered.
“No. Not safe.” He said.
Toni needed to remember that this was a man with no exposure to people, a virgin with a crush on the first pretty woman he’d come across. It screamed ‘feelings’ and ‘angst’ in the coming days when she inevitably jump-started her suit for someone to find her.
“Toni, you did this. You are giving me back who I used to be.”
He made a choking sound, pressing further into her. He moved to bury his head in her cunt, but she stopped him.
She ran her fingers down his arm, watching him shiver in response until she came to his hand which eagerly encompassed hers.
But no, she was wrapping a strip of material she had ripped from her other pant leg around her slim calf where the wound was deepest. As she leaned forward, his eyes were drawn to the tight material surrounding her chest, which now afforded him a glance straight down to the skin underneath.
“Well I better wrap this up then. Full thrusters.” Toni said, throwing everything she had into a last burst of speed to catch up with the quick, slippery bastard.
She knew she would not make it.
she thought wryly. Had she stuck it out even 24 hours before getting him to paint her belly with come?
“I think I know something else your tongue and fingers would be good for if you’d like to try?” she whispered hotly.
Dying by the side of the woman he loved to save the universe – there were far worse ways to go.
“Toni.” She said clearly, gesturing to herself.
Her right calf had four long scratches, two deep enough to be worrying but not the shreds she had expected to find. She supposed the mountain man had grabbed the big cat just as it made contact, where it had no doubt been aiming for the femoral artery in her thigh.
He scrambled over to help her out of the river and watched as she dried herself with her top and slipped back into her pants. She turned to face him with a smile.
“You know what? There’s nothing else I can do here right now. Let’s go to the river and cool down. Then we can celebrate the strides we’ve made.” She said, leaning forward to steal a kiss before she jumped up, energised. She extended a hand to help him stand up. He certainly did not need it, but happily grasped her hand nonetheless.
But how was she going to resist that face?
“Thank you Toni.” Came the muffled voice.
He pulled his head back, keeping his fingers inside her to feel the pulsing of her orgasm die down, licking his lips to chase the taste of her as he leaned back to take her in. Still bent over her hips, his roaming gaze was hot and yearning.
Toni nodded. Anything that cut through a SHILED operative’s apparent amnesia to set off alarm bells as ‘not safe’ was something she wasn’t opening without her suit.
But who was that man? And for that matter, who was
“Crash landed in the African jungle. No coordinates logged. Not exactly swimming in parts around here, no handy Radio Shack or even a LOST bunker. Took me a couple of days to work a miracle.” She said dryly.
“Throw in a couple of orgasms and you have a deal.”
The roar of the engine above them was a startling contrast to the peace of the jungle.
She had moved one bold hand to his rear, firmly pulling him forward and rolling her body, the sensation of friction sending sparks through his body.
“Ok I get it, you can lead me to and from the suit.” Toni said.
“Toni…” he murmured in awe as he climbed over her body, holding his weight off her as he kissed her thoroughly. She definitely had pegged him right as a post-coital cuddler.
She looked.
She looked at him appraisingly. “You know Florence Nightingale, I haven’t spotted any battle scars on you. Makes me wonder where you got all this practice. See? Scars.” She said, gesturing to her leg, then chest where the arc reactor used to be.
“So, CAP. Do you know any home remedies for a jungle cat gash?” she asked, pointing to her leg and hoping he got it.
“Me? Not so much. I was never that popular… just waiting for the right partner I guess.” He said sweetly, kissing her quickly while he continued to get ready for bed.
They looked somehow firm and soft at the same time. They were perfectly curved, pressing together as she bent, bouncing slightly as she moved her body. He thought they looked like the perfect size to fit in his hands.
Toni took a deep breath, some of the weight of the day lifting from her shoulders. She had protection, water, food. With the newfound sense of safety, she suddenly felt starving, and so tired.
Toni sighed happily, withdrawing to let him explore.
Steve closed his eyes, giving his last thoughts to Bucky and the Commandos, his brothers. To the bright, sharp minds of Agent Carter, Colonel Phillips, Howard Stark and the other brilliant officers that would continue to fight HYDRA once he was gone.
After a couple of minutes he slowed, standing on a wide branch and wrapping a comforting arm around her back. His sharp eyes surveyed the jungle beneath them, ensuring the gorilla did not give chase.
She turned to face him, her expression rather serious. He had been pensive for the rest of the day, quiet.
Toni frowned. “That can’t be right. What information do you have on the operative?”
Toni turned, resting her hands on his thighs.
He pushed through a panel of metal that was partially ripped away from the side of the room and jumped down to the ground beneath him, his leg protesting strongly.
“Hmmm, I can see that. Two handsome young soldiers, charming the pants off everyone they meet. You two must have been beating them off with sticks.” Toni teased.
After the third time pushing her to the edge, Toni groaned.
He had family.
“This is an early prototype of a quinjet.” She said softly.
“Sergeant Barnes has arrived in the building. He will enter the lounge in approximately 3 minutes.”
“Hold.” He said, urging her to tighten her grip.
“Deal.”
Toni excused herself briefly but when she popped back in to tell them that Jarvis could order them dinner if they liked, Steve held her hand in his own and Bucky began asking her if she had any footage of Steve in a loin cloth. She stayed, telling Jarvis to project the images captured in their first day in Wakanda.
“You’re always getting yourself off. Let me?” she said gesturing him up.
“Back to the suit?”
It was all he wanted to do.
“Mmmmm, I would love to explain hand-jobs to you right now, but it seems unwise to add any more complicating elements to this situation. Pepper would be so proud of my restraint.” She said to him.
It may have been the perfect wake-up- if it had not meant that yesterday was not a dream. Cap’s smiling face, as attractive as it was, meant she was indeed stranded in the jungle, no one knew where she was or was able to track her and she had no way of getting back to civilisation, wherever that may be.
“I… “ he shook his head, struggling to remember.
Toni continued to speak as he picked up some fragrant leaves, pressing them in his hands to extract the cleansing liquid. “Or maybe this is like the sexual tension scene in a horror movie, where the leads ignore the imminent danger and just fuck, all hot and steamy. I look like I had a recent encounter with Freddy Krueger, so it fits the bill – shit!”
Thanos got his other huge purple hand on the shoulder of her damaged suit, throwing her away like a rag doll. He spoke to her, the words lost to the rage of battle, when he raised his fist once more to snap his fingers.
“Yes Miss, I have you. There has been a lot of concern about you since you went off radar. Do you need medical assistance?” Jarvis spoke, his accent such a contrast to the wild environment she had been living in.
Toni could not help but stare at the image he painted. He was large, perfectly proportionate to the rest of his powerful body. Also consistent was how flawless his hard cock was. The shape, length, girth, the head now visible though he was uncut… Toni almost wanted to laugh at how his handsomeness translated to every part of him, but she was too enthralled in how he was touching himself.
“You understand me better now, right?” she asked, breaking away to whisper to Cap.
He was having fun with Toni.
But he knew something that would make her feel better.
“And this, baby, this is my cunt. Feel that, how I’m wet? You can slip your fingers in here.” She said a little breathlessly, her finger tracing of her entrance.
She stepped forward slowly to the side of the craft. The side was ajar, as he remembered. He took a deep breath, reaching out to touch Toni’s arm. She paused, looking at him. He stepped forward. He would not allow her to step forward into a confined area with who knows what in it.
He felt his groin stir.
She muted all the system failure alarms as they showed up on her screen. She was so close.
Toni bit her lip, sorely tempted to just climb on top of him and take care of his arousal herself. But there were just too many variables and complications for that to be a good idea. She did not know how he would respond, they had no contraception and no timeline for when it was likely she would even see another human. What if introducing sex to their relationship made it sour? She resolved herself to be more restrained tomorrow, but for now…
“Toni! Toni… can… where….” He grunted out.
Toni knew that if he tried to draw her hand over to his erection she would happily take over, but he did not. He held her hand tightly, his other hand speeding up, his chest rising and falling rapidly as he approached his peak.
He nodded, smiling sweetly. “Love you. Marry you.”
“Hair.” She said softly, tugging lightly on his locks.
He changed the angle of his hand to bury three wide fingers in her, moving them slowly while his thumb came up to brush her clit.
He placed the water closer to her, gesturing for her to drink from it. She did so with a small smile at him.
clawed at him where he stood.
“Oh my God, you
As the cabin rattled roughly, he saw land on the horizon. A small sense of hope started to flicker inside him. But as he drew closer, he saw a narrow beach then a dense canopy of jungle. Not a clearing in site for a safe landing.
She had to be ok.
He looked somewhat shellshocked as he registered her words.
He looked around.
She let out a loud, decadent moan, giving herself over to his massaging hands.
He studied her face, a frown tugging on her brow and full lips turned down as she muttered something.
“Steve… I wanted to say thank you. For everything you’ve done for me. Full on heroic rescue, guardian angel stuff really. But I also want you to know… I’m glad it happened. I’m glad I found you, even if it took a crash landing to do so.”
. It sounded so familiar.
“Toni…” he said, not sure what he was asking of her.
“Mmph, must you be so happy in the mornings?” she asked grumpily.
“Toni, that’s… that’s very kind and thoughtful, really I appreciate it. But you can’t work yourself to the bone trying to build something for me.” He said, softer now.
“Thank you.” He repeated in an equally soft but deeper tone.
He stared back at her. She did not seem upset. If anything, she seemed to be at ease in his company.
She tasted even better than she smelled. The softness of her lips, the little sighs and moans made his heart flutter every time without fail.
“Toni, Toni…” he was chanting under his breath, which was very flattering and very hot.
“You’re welcome.” He parroted obligingly, a small smile and sparkling eyes demonstrating his delight in being able to converse with her. She resolved to teach him a few words tomorrow. She would even avoid the temptation of starting with curse words. The idea of this man saying anything dirty seemed strangely inappropriate.
But then, she had built the Iron Woman suit in a cave with less sophisticated materials, and now she had a working (albeit powered down) suit and a whole other high-tech drone to pull from.
“Lips.” She finally finished, brushing her thumb over his soft bottom lip.
Toni chuckled against his chest, pulling back to smile at him.
“… did you just smell my hair?” she asked, puzzled.
He cried out roughly, the feel of her smaller, softer hand on him almost making him come immediately.
When Thanos came, he almost laid waste to them all.
he thought, pleased with himself. He may be addicted to the sensation of her coming against his lips. He felt that if he went too long without hearing her sounds of pleasure, he may waste away.
The stones were sparking where they were integrating into Toni’s gauntlet. Her face plate was gone and Steve could read the determination there.
to strip back the reinforcement in the arms. Legs need to stay, but 3 pounds off each arm will make a difference… with the new magnetised beacon, you should always have your shield anyway…”
“Take me to bed Cap.”
He jumped deftly passed her, offering both his hands for her to hold as she stepped up onto the soft, padded platform.
The had a drink, splashed around and followed it up with guess what? More oral.
He froze immediately.
She nudged him backwards and moved to what seemed to be the sleeping zone of his shelter.
“Cap.” He repeated, pointing at himself meaningfully, then extending his arm to gesture at her.
She was cranky in the mornings. It was very cute.
He was on the edge now, the muscles in his arm bunching as he jerked himself rapidly.
He could see through slitted eyes that Natasha was grabbing on to Thor’s other hand, her body lighting up too. Then Clint, then T’Challa and Dr Strange. Another jolt lessened the pain further and he turned to see Bucky holding on to Toni’s other side and the Hulk joining him. More and more grasped on to the chain, a line of Avengers protecting not just the universe but Toni too. He felt a surge of pride.
It would take precious seconds to get in to place though, and the leopard could probably shred her in three. She needed to distract it or scare it enough to hesitate while she climbed to safety.
But with her – with humans and machines – came his past. He felt the scrambled mess of memories now, still not straight or clear but pouring back into him nonetheless.
“Six and a half, and you wake me up too so we can have breakfast.” He responded, wrapping his arm around her shoulders.
Her suspicions increased.
He found beauty in a lot of things in the jungle, but this was different. His heart beat faster and he couldn’t tear his eyes away from this lovely creature. He shifted to rest against a branch high in the canopy and watched as she walked back and forth between the two – were they shells? Her voice continued to keep up a running commentary that he could not fully understand but was not for him anyway. He relaxed into the sound of her voice – lighter than his, but still a captivating timbre that he felt he could listen to for hours.
Holding her like this actually helped settle his nerves as he set out. The place was several miles away, so he climbed into the canopy.
Teaching Cap about oral sex may have been a mistake.
Toni dislodged herself from his back, coming around to his front to gauge how upset he was from his expression. He just looked thoughtful.
She had noticed the look on his face, his discomfort to be in the place where what must have been the most traumatic experience of his life occurred, and she celebrated. She pushed him to remember, assumed he must have wanted the gaps in his memory filled. She craved knowledge like oxygen and she had just assumed he was the same.
Toni hissed slightly as the liquid hit her wounds, the sting sharp. He looked at her with regret but spread the liquid over the worst of the claw marks. He knew from experience how much it burned, so he raised her calf ever so slightly and blew softly on the red scratches.
He was panting and sweating heavily by the time he got back, bursting in through the wall to ensure that Toni was still there, was still safe.
“Well shit, I guess that could been worse- HEY! Don’t come any closer.” Toni had looked up to find the man four paces closer than he had been. She had not even heard him move.
He threw it back again, letting out a deep, guttural sound that would have had her scrambling away if it were not in her defence.
Just the two of them.
He stroked himself with a firm grip, capturing the fluid at the tip and working it down the rigid shaft. Toni absently wet her lips as she watched. This triggered an immediate response in Cap, a low noise coming from his chest, his hand speeding up before he choked out her name.
“I know you want to take care of me. And you know that I want to take care of you too. And that is not limited to the battlefield. I can’t have you risking your wellbeing now to help me later. I can’t bear it.” He said to her softly.
“Mmmm, very nice. Shall I book us a salsa teacher? Perhaps a bit of tango, that’s the dance of lovers isn’t it?” her teasing words punctuated the soft stroking of his neck, the mindless gesture of affection warming him from the inside out.
Toni was in too jovial a mood to be put off by that comment. She suspected Shuri was right anyway, and hoped that she would be willing to share some of her designs around the use of vibranium.
“Good man.” She crooned, reaching down to stroke his sizeable erection between them.
Steve felt the impact of the plane hitting the trees and the next instant he felt sharp, horrible pain, the loud screeching of metal and then there was nothing.
He pointed to the sky and back towards his nest to try and convey his message, once again gesturing like he wanted to pick her up - he would like to pick her up, to be close enough to smell her hair.
The very thought made her shudder. Even mostly powered down, it was her only resource to keep her safe in this wild world.
It was actually effortless – one crooked finger and Steve was on top of her, sliding his tongue against hers.
He wrapped himself around her comfortingly.
Jarvis continued with a bit more hesitation in his artificial voice. “Miss, the mission report dates this at just over twenty years ago.”
“It might look like a mess, but there’s some rhyme to it. I’m separating all the- well, it doesn’t matter. I think I can probably manufacture enough to get a long-distance signal wrangled. But um…” she hesitated for a moment.
She didn’t know how much of her message of consent got through, but judging by the eager way he urged her to wrap her legs around his head and the noises he made when he fingered her open, she figured it was safe to say his services were all voluntary.
“Who taught you to be such a tease? Because it wasn’t me.” She said weakly, tugging on his hair as though to punish him. It felt amazing.
Exceptions can always be made.
Was there anyone else here?
She cut through the tree canopy and crashed to the ground.
Cap was a blur of movement, his right hand immediately cupping her wet pussy and pumping his large middle finger inside her, joined quickly by another. He scissored gently while he angled his fingers, finding her G-spot in a well-practiced move. He did not stop there though. He ducked his head, licking and sucking on her nipples, adding
He belonged with the people of his past. He belonged with Toni.
She abruptly decided that since she had already kissed him, it could hardly be counted as an escalation now. So she surged forward, capturing Cap’s lips in a hard kiss.
He was no longer alone.
He looked at her with misty eyes.
“This isn’t really fair. You should have to pick
“Just like.” Steve said fondly. “But that also means me taking you to bed so you’re ready to keep going tomorrow.”
“Do… like this…” she said, crooking her finger in a mime of what she needed him to do.
Two yellow eyes stared back at her.
“You’re so beautiful.” She whispered heatedly. His eyelids fluttered slightly at her tone, but he forced them back open to watch her. His hand squeezed hers in what she took as a silent request to keep talking.
She felt a bit bad, loading Cap up like a pack mule. She was on his back while he carried the quinjet’s black box and the big, dangerous, important case of mystery. The weight did not appear to make any difference to him whatsoever.
She pressed him back slightly, giving her just enough room to lay on her back, slipping off her panties from the cage of his arms placed around her.
But he knew deep down that he was not meant to be with him.
Cap sat with this kind being for hours, allowing it to rake its hands through his hair and tug curiously at his clothes. Though they could not communicate, it seemed that he could do far worse for company. So when the animal got up to leave and beckoned Cap to follow, he did.
He moved slowly, almost agonisingly slow. But she was grateful – he was quite a stretch.
Perhaps if he had felt free to move around, to fight unencumbered by the injured woman behind him, he might have been able to avoid being pinned down by the wild animal.
Toni sped through the air, chasing the HYDRA drone that held the package the Avengers had been sent to retrieve.
He let out a ragged groan when she pressed forward, causing his hardness to dig into her belly.
She could not get any words out to tell him off for being fucking crazy enough to entrust his and her combined weight to the vines he was using, not that he would have understood her. She hoped he knew the way back to the suit on the ground because she was NOT flying through the air like this again.
The only sound left in the clearing was the heavy breathing of both Toni and the mysterious man. He let the lifeless body of the savage animal fall to the ground, now focussing his attention on her.
Then her tongue peeked out, grazing the seam of his lips.
“Break. Bathe.” He said, gently touching her arm.
He watched her smile at her closest friends. He was in awe of this wonderful, generous, brave woman. There was a huge part of him that still could not believe that she gave him the time of day, let alone let him spend his life by her side and in her bed.
A person did.
She chattered the whole time, and even let him help. He pried apart metal for her, held parts steady, acting as her third arm. Each time she smiled and thanked him, and he felt useful and valuable.
He grinned, quickly situating himself between her legs. He swiftly licked inside, savouring the feel of her opening for him, the pleased sigh that fell from her lips. He flicked his tongue up to massage her clit while his finger gently slid inside her.
a voice in his head supplied. He did not much care what they were called though, as long as he could keep looking at them.
“Implying… some gorilla out there IS your family?” she continued.
He would protect her, make sure she had food and water. Perhaps in return she would let him remain close to her. He wondered if she would maybe even teach him to understand what she was saying. Her words hung in the air, almost familiar to him but beyond his grasp.
He wondered if he should make himself known. Would she approach him if he did? He was uncharacteristically nervous at the thought of being the one to approach her. He had never approached a woman before. He thinks.
The creature hesitantly moved forward, bracing itself on its long arms covered in dark fur.
“Yesss.” He was almost whimpering. “Feel good, want you… make you happy…” he replied in his slightly-broken English.
“Neck.”
“Just like that… does that feel good? … fuck it, here…” her hands abruptly pulled at the cloth wrapped around his hips, his erection springing back up to press into her stomach. At the feel of skin-on-skin he let out a wounded noise, pressing more urgently into Toni’s belly, the movement of his hips becoming erratic as he quickly approached the edge.
Toni heard the leopard snarl once more, sounding even more savage. Through her pain she tracked the big cat with her eyes as it was wrenched up and launched through the air, back into the foliage. Then there was the naked back of a man standing directly in front of her.
His head hurt, like razor blades were attached to these ghosts that swam in his vision.
She sighed in frustration. There was no use trying to follow him. She would get lost in moments and with her luck, be attacked by an anaconda or panther or something equally as exotic and deadly. She would stay here and hope he came back for her before her water ran out or a jungle animal found her regardless of the crude shelter.
Then Steve felt a hand grab his other arm.
Where the
She had never said that to him.
Steve chuckled. “You’re on.”
“I can’t believe I’ve gone so long without dancing with you. I intend to remedy that in the future Ms Stark.” He said fondly.
Toni had watched him carefully while she worked on the quinjet components. Though she said he should tell her in his own time, it must have been half an hour of silence before she was itching to ask what was happening in his head. He hadn’t understood a lick of English days ago when she had first met him, now he was stringing together complex sentences?
They flew back to New York a couple of days after their jungle rescue, landing on the Tower’s helipad. They had a few hours to get settled, to show Steve around, before James ‘Bucky’ Barnes would be joining them.
Did she want him to keep looking at her? Did… might she want him to come closer to her? Perhaps… even touch her?
But she had not been able to bring herself to ask.
Once there she quickly stripped, this time removing everything except the scrap of black material she called ‘panties’.
Toni bit her lip, a shiver of anticipation going through her.
His wide hands immediately cupped her jaw, his lips covering hers fully. He quickly introduced his tongue, Toni pleased that he had taken his lessons so seriously.
She walked in quickly, making a beeline to the control panel. She dug out a screwdriver she always kept on the gauntlet on her person and opened up a panel almost on the underside.
“Well Cap, I’m not so good with the love talk as you. The physical side though…” she purred, pushing him over on to his back and climbing on top of him, her knees on either side of his hips.
One moment Toni had a mesmerised, gorgeous man quivering in her hands. The next he had let her go abruptly, spinning around with an agitated huff, his eyes on the tree line.
And he had figured out that when he said “you’re welcome”, he was also allowed to lean forward and kiss her.
He realised he had automatically wrapped a hand around himself. He reluctantly let go, moving where she urged.
He had left her for a little while after that, returning with her clothes they had to abandon by the river the day before. They were crumpled and the top streaked with mud from where the gorilla must have thrown them around, but better than risking sunburn on more sensitive areas.
She took one of the proffered bananas and a drink of water. Cap seemed intent on feeing her up, offering more and more fruit and some kind of root vegetable until she had to wave him away, unable to eat any more even out of gratitude. He seemed to take some pleasure in watching her take her fill. She wondered if this might be some kind of primitive ‘provider’ mindset. She would have to set him straight if he tried to mount her as payment for feeding her.
She trailed her hands over his skin where it was in shadow, in case her eyes were not picking up marks in the low light. She urged him to extend his legs so she could examine them too. Still nothing. And she had been intimately pressed against his back enough to know there were no scars there.
She shivered at the picture he painted, his pupils entirely black with lust as he pushed one finger inside of her.
Unfortunately, Steve did not feel the same way. After years of sleeping on the hard ground, he was disoriented by the bedding. Last night he had slept on the floor beside her bed. She would have to engineer some sort of super-firm mattress, or maybe even a topper so they could still share the same bed…
Certainly animals, likely small monkeys playing, had been in here. But it was now empty of life.
“Wait!” Toni called desperately to Cap’s rapidly retreating back.
A burst of static sounded before Nick Fury’s voice came over the speaker.
He woke her up the next morning gently, seeking her permission before licking his way into her pussy.
She had taken too long to decide.
“A little… higher, like…” she moaned, tilting her hips up.
“It was a pretty rude interruption back there. I thought we were getting to some good stuff.” She said, running her hands up her body, putting on a show for Cap. He crouched forward slightly, reminding her momentarily of a cat about to pounce. But she was far from afraid.
“Yeah. Used to have the girls eating out of the palm of his hand.” Steve said with a chuckle.
“Alright, sweep me off my feet wild boy.” She said, raising her arms slightly.
It had a smooth face, no nose, just eyes. Again, it looked… not real. He tilted his head, unsure what this could be when all of a sudden it
“Cap, this is your home and far be it from me to tell anyone how to live. But maybe while you have a guest, you can keep your pet anaconda in its enclosure?” she said dryly, glancing down so he would know she was talking about the ideal-of-manhood he had resting on his thigh.
He grunted in the negative. “Toni. Cap.” He said, nodding firmly afterward to try to tell her that it was only the two of them, as far as he had ever seen.
“Mmmm, baby, how does it feel?” she couldn’t resist asking.
“What is it?” she asked.
“Beam engaging in 5...4…3…”
She winced, wiping her hand on her tights and looking back to her suit, as though Jarvis would somehow have resurrected himself to get her the stats on death-by-bug in the African jungle.
She looked up at the metal structure, shrouded in vines and moss from the last twenty years of neglect. The windscreen was now opaque in addition to being heavily cracked, so they could not see what it looked like inside.
“Thank you.” He said, sounding gruff even to his own ears.
“Mmm smart girl like me knows what she’s got.” She replied with a wink.
Though still slightly distracted (first by the gorilla and increasingly by her nipples), Cap enjoyed their little language lessons she had been giving him over food. She felt carving out the alphabet on a banana skin was pretty resourceful. The speed at which he was picking it up further fueled her suspicions that his past was not entirely lost to him, but she did not want to push him too fast. Years without human company and some kind of amnesia were pretty traumatic and she couldn’t risk him getting upset and running away or lashing out at her.
He hurt.
He licked down to her entrance, darting in with his tongue. She was practically dripping. A groan ripped from his throat. His tongue messily made its way back to her clit, rubbing her just right.
Cap moved on all fours over to her side, leaning over her to cage her in to the corner of the platform she was by. His imposing bulk was even more of a turn on, making her feel delicate and petite while knowing she still held so much power over this inexperienced but eager man.
“Kiss.” He breathed against her lips.
“But this is good. This will let me call for help. And Cap… you were military. You might not remember it, but this is a SHIELD-built aircraft. I don’t know how someone as young as you would have been flying such an old model… but this is the biggest clue to your past! There will be files on you, people you knew to help you remember who you are.” She said excitedly.
She looked at Cap thoughtfully, trying to figure him out. He was in many ways the definition of an alpha male – demonstrably strong, every bit the provider and protective as hell. But he also wore his heart on his sleeve, his admiration for Toni extremely apparent.
He stared wide eyed at her bare chest, his eyes drawn to the rosy nipples that sat so perfectly on her bosom. They moved hypnotizingly as Toni quickly rinsed her clothes in the water before laying them out to dry across the rocks.
Cap was getting increasingly distressed in trying to convince her to leave the suit.
Given what was coming to light about his super-solider past, she thought she would be able to get a few rounds out of him too. The scientist in her delighted over the potential experimental parameters for her make-Steve-come-so-hard-he-passes-out project, but then he started sucking hard on her clit and all other thoughts temporarily left her mind.
He could see and hear no one.
She ground shamelessly against him, groaning at the hard cock that pressed against her through their coverings.
He tracked her movements closely – Toni had delivered commencement speeches at MIT that had received less attention than she was getting right now.
“You love me?” she echoed in a soft voice. She hated how vulnerable she sounded, but she knew that Cap would never judge her for that.
It wasn’t always smooth sailing of course, it could not be with a personality as fiery and independent as Toni’s, or with a stubborn man like Steve. She had been furious at him for interfering with the infinity stones, berating him from her recovery room. He had a few choice words to say to her as well, but even through the arguing and the stony silence, he did not leave her room, nor did she ask him to.
It was no use, he was out of sight before she finished the word.
Then she knew no more.
She trudged over, picking up the small container that held the package she had been trying to retrieve.
He had to get to Toni.
“Kiss.” She said. She removed her hand, leaning forward to softly press her lips to his in a chaste kiss. “Kiss.” She repeated, leaning back.
**********************************************
Cap looked back at her. “Family.” He said, pointing out west, a different direction from where they had been for the past few days.
His silent support helped to ground her nerves. If this did not work (though it would), he was still here, they would be ok and she could try again tomorrow (she would not have to).
Both turned their gaze to Toni.
He sucked on her clit and when he added a second finger, the stretch perfect, and she came with a high moan.
“Huh. Guess that explains your pearly whites.” She said, smiling at him and helping herself to some au natural toothpaste.
She could not help but return his smile, like a reflex.
Toni’s eyes rolled back in her head.
20 years later
“Losing track of your people Fury, tsk tsk.” She replied.
Even as she joked, there was a giddy young girl inside her squealing that the cutest, sweetest guy she had ever met wanted to marry her. Never mind that countless articles, blogs or even personal interviews that had deemed her ‘not the marrying type’.
She chuckled lightly. “No, you say ‘you’re welcome’. I say ‘thank you’, you say ‘you’re welcome’.” She gestured to show who should be saying what.
Cap grabbed his cock by the base, holding it firmly for a minute and taking a bracing breath before he lined himself up and pushed in.
It was a leopard, half shrouded in shadow but staring intently at her. Its head was low and shoulders hunched, as though it were getting ready to pounce.
"Ask me that again when I've come to terms with this." He held his right hand up again before tearing off all the leads and censors. The only thing he took his time with was the IV. He stood up. The leg held and his own stubbornness forced him into walking a straight line for the door. "What made you stop, Tony?" He paused to ask in the doorway.
Steve was honestly at a loss for words. All the things that Bucky said-- they were incredibly difficult to hear.
So the game was afoot. Tony slowly stripped the shirt off. He folded it neatly and laid it on the floor beside his chair.
His hair was indeed roughly pulled.
"I thought of you when I crashed the plane. I was talking to Peggy but I just kept thinking about you. About how I really didn't much mind leaving in a world without you in it." Steve blurted out, having never voiced this out loud before.
He expected pain from somewhere but there was none. He sighed in relief.
Steve's tongue aggressively circled Bucky's hole, pushing inside after a brief moment.
"Hey doll." He said softly as Tony flinched upright. "Sorry to startle you."
"Who can deny that beautiful face, hm?" Steve pulled Bucky to his feet and lifted him over his shoulder. "But let's not ruin your couch. I don't think it'd take two enhanced soldiers."
Bucky hadn't expected that, he let his icy blue eyes meet Tony's.
Bucky was tempted to reprimand Peter for his language but shook his head dismissively. "A misunderstanding. Let's call it that." He couldn't hide the pain in his voice.
"Hhh-ah! What?" Steve moaned out as he arched up, electricity shooting up his spine.
Maybe one day he and Steve could tell each other their feelings. Instead of sneaking around, barely touching one another in a way that wasn't simply meant to get them off. Best friends who leant one another a hand.
Bucky held up his hand, stopping Tony mid sentence. "Stop, stop. I don't want to hear about the m-medical aspects." It was  making his head spin and his breath catch in his chest. "It's too much, I. . . Bucket!" He cried out not a second too soon.
Tony pushed down the little spike of panic that gripped at his chest. Bucky had a sense of humor didn't he? He wouldn't endanger them would he?
"Getting there, doll. Be patient."
"Bucky?" Came a shaky voice.
"All the things I've done. I . . . I belong in hell."
It had been about torture but the face of his captor was a shifting amalgamation of Zola, Steve and Tony.
Steve let himself take Bucky by the waist pressing their bodies in closer. His hands slowly slid up and down his sides. "I still can't believe you're alive and you're here." He breathed as he leaned to kiss along Bucky's neck.
He tried raising his right hand and the pain made him crash back into the present like a meteor. He heard more than actively participated in a harsh scream tearing from his throat.
Thirty minutes later they were being chauffered to an upscale restaurant with a sleepy teen in tow.
They'd unmade him.
"Have you looked at this here, Bruce?" He said gesturing to the underside of the plate he held. "This woven mesh looks almost organic."
Steve didn't hesitate, he pulled his hips back and surged forward repeatedly. The pace was none too gentle and Bucky keened and twisted in the sheets beneath him.
It was the only way Howard could keep from having a huge post-sex drop in mood, almost falling into a depressive episode every time he did something like this. He had to act like this was real, like it mattered.
When he sees that Bucky is gone he reaches out and touches the spot he'd been in when Steve had closed his eyes.
"Where you goin' Buck?" Steve asked sharply.
But if you wanna chat or something, even kick my ass to post chapters, I recently finally joined Tumblr.
Bucky felt so off balance on his left side that he was forced to lean against the strange man. Thor made no effort to make him move so he settled into it.
He stretched, finding no aches and pains as he stood. It was still a shock after the procedure; the not feeling pain or having to massage out stiff joints every morning to be able to move.
Fuck!
He couldn't read the look on Tony's face as he slowly let his hand drop. "S-sorry. I got excited." He practically whispered. "I - I think I can get the pants it's okay."
Again Stark flashed him that triumphant smile. Howard Stark, the conqueror. "I'm going to eat you up like a 12 course meal, doll face."
"Still?"
"Yeah Buck?"
Peter was trailing his fingers along the seams of the plates on Bucky's newest metal hand.
"Yes Boss."
Tony's head was tucked to his chest and the Iron Man suit was folding away on itself.
"I promise, Bucky." He let Bucky go and curled back up to him.
"Bucky." He found himself blurting out. "I want to kiss you again."
"I'm not stopping."
"How longs it been for you, Cap?" Tony was still repeating things he'd said their first time.
"He is presently in conference with--- nope, his conference just ended." There was a pause. "Should I inform him that you're looking for him?"
Tony gave him some aspirin and a glass of water. "He'll live" Tony announced. He had scanned the wound with a little handheld device. Bucky watched over his shoulder it was like a tiny x-ray but Bucky knew it to be one of Friday's scans.
"Tony. . ." He whined, he wanted this but he also wanted to have a little time to prepare himself. A little forewarning.
Somehow they'd beaten the van getting there, when he saw the huge Stark Industries van pulling up he called out to Tony; "Take care of the kid, I'll catch up."
The floor started cracking the girder shifted.
"When he shows up, send him to play with Banner. And for god sakes send a tv up here." He measured the spot he'd picked out with his eyes "60 inch. Thanks."
"Sorry it didn't work out for you, right? Get your hands off me or I'll break them, fuckin punk."
____________________________________________
"Well, first of all, you sound like a bad 1930's cartoon when you talk like that. And secondly, just for teasing me, I'm not helping you with the rest of the suit. So that's a thing." He tried to look as cocky as he managed sounding. It didn't work, he looked as vulnerable and nervous as ever.
Steve hesitantly slid his hand along Howard's flank, he pulled the man closer and pressed his lips to Stark's a bit more firmly.
"Sgt Barnes is in the kitchen, sir"
He and Bruce hadn't wanted to but they ended up having to basically flay Bucky's chest and carefully reintegrate their own leads while moving the HYDRA ones. It was practically smooth sailing after that. Practically.
Bucky howled as Steve pressed his face between his cheeks, hot tongue slamming directly to his opening.
No! You knew I was Tony
Bucky nodded, so that's why Tony's mouth tasted more like Strawberries than coconut today. "I'll send him. Thank you for understanding Tony. I luh---." He frowned, shook his head then smiled. "I'll see you after while?"
Warnings: suicidal thoughts.
"What about Steve?" He gasped out as he tried to center himself. "We can't."
love Steve. More than anything. Til the end of the line.
"Needed to try to bury feelings that could have gotten me killed. Needed to hide when I couldn't deny them any more." Bucky nodded. "But I also couldn't risk you getting caught up in my being a f-- me being gay, Stevie, I couldn't."
A blast from the repulsor sent him flying back again, crashing through the kitchen island, the heavy marble countertop fell crushing his ribs. He quickly tried moving from under the rubble but without the leg it was difficult going.
Tony didn't say anything in response, he kind  of agreed, but wouldn't comment on that.
"Everyone is entitled to feel what they need to feel, Bucky." Bruce put the ginger ale down and sat down on the bedside chair.
Life kinda hit me and it's taken me some time to get back into it!
This was good for Bucky, Tony realized he'd never personally seen the man laugh or crack a real smile.
Again Tony's mouth went dry. "You're more of a tease than Rogers!" He exclaimed exasperated.
Tony showered, cleaned up his beard, hell he even put on clean clothes.
He was in a familiar place though he couldn't quite pinpoint it. The late afternoon sun filtered through windows he was sure he'd never seen open before. Everything was bathed in a golden glow, turning the relative shabbiness of the place into a delight to his eyes. The breeze gently lifted the thin white curtains catching them, twisting them into gentle ghosts that curled an invitation.
"Well?" He snapped. "What are you doing? Second thou---h! Mmmmh!" His sentence was cut short by a gutteral moan as Steve pushed the head of his dick inside.
Bucky groaned and looked away from the man.
"You see, I knew there was something I didn't like about you being so familiar. The way he talked about you." He scoffed seeming actually angry now, and was unceremoniously picking up his shoes and cramming his feet into them. "This was obviously all a mistake." He stood with a wide, board-meeting-presentation stance, the kind he'd use to cockily command the attention of entire rooms.
At first Bucky fought the urge to reciprocate, his mind working hard to catch up with Tony's actions. Soon though he'd melted against him. He parted his lips and pressed eagerly into the kiss.
Steve leaned back a bit, sliding his hand up over Tony's abdomen then across his chest. He hated the way Tony still flinched when he touched the scar from the arc reactor. His fingers traced the circular indentation, the thick scars. Tony caught his hand, "Cap, no." He breathed, not meeting Steve's eye.
Tony kept his eyes trained on him as he paced. "We probably could, Cap but I think moving him now would probably get us brought up on murder charges."
Bruce Banner looked up from his notes only long enough to wave Tony and Steve into his lab. It had been a week and they were only just letting Steve up there.
“Aw, man. That blows, I enjoyed her last book.”
Tony laughed, a quiet, tittering laugh that bordered on giggling that tickled a genuine smile out of Steve.
“Hey, wait, no, Steve,” Tony looked a little shaken as he came closer, and before Steve knew what was happening, Tony was so close that Steve could feel the warmth of his skin and the scent of his body wash under the cologne. God, whatever he used, he smelled so good.
Steve stared back at him, and Bucky’s jaw dropped. Bad water made sense if you had nine million people running around, but what did the rest of them drink if New York was considered good?
“No, it’s alright,” Steve tried to explain; between the two of them, the Sno Ball eater looked like he was going through ‘worse.’ “I’m fine, I just needed to walk some nerves off, I’ll go outside.”
While Tony eagerly rolled and arched up for more, distracted by his instinct to chase Steve’s touch and tugging more insistently at Steve’s hair, Steve wrapped his fingers around Tony’s cock one at a time, his touch so delicate and gentle that Tony didn’t feel his touch until his cock was guided against Steve’s spit-slick, closed lips. Tony’s body responded like a live wire, and he choked on air as Steve rubbed his lips around over the head of his cock, spreading his spit and the precum well before breaking the seam of his lips to slide the first inch of Tony’s cock into his mouth.
“Would you let your friend go through all this without trying to reach out?”
in the restroom. Past me was a great thinker - it’s a fun book to leaf through when you can’t go anywhere!
“Wild pigs,” Clint explained, and he pulled his classic Winchester carbine out of the scabbard. “Hunting pigs.”
“He thinks it’ll spare his kids a lot of pain if he makes the whole thing go away.”
“It’s just a nightmare, Tony,” Steve tried to explain, clearing his throat and swallowing back the bile of guilt. “This is all a nightmare.”
“This is the most quiet she’s been, but since your excursion Harper absolutely delights in telling all of us about your trip to the zoo,” Victoria said, from behind the camera this time. “Thank you again, you saved the day!”
Steve’s first official appearance at an international event was the UN General Assembly in New York. He and Tony had celebrated their one year anniversary on the same day that their kingdom celebrated its first year as a united people. One month later he was sent on his first assignment. Everything changed so quickly, and how he had ever gotten up in front of representatives from all around the world still rattled him hours after he’d stepped away from the podium to humbling applause.
The victim had been emasculated by fire and left to die from his wounds. Left for someone to find in the morning bustle in a sleepy, family friendly part of town. Whether Tony was the one who left him there or the poor soul who found him was too much for Steve to think about.
“French, I think?” Tony hedged cautiously. “Two, English and French. Right?”
“No, nothing like that,” Steve replied with a smile. He took Tony’s hands in his and squeezed them gently. “The case is closed, Tony. My paperwork is done. There’s nothing more I can do right now, the rest is up to the FBI. We can do anything you want: we can stay in and order take out, we can go on our second date to the Factory Bar. The last time I felt stressed and in over my head, you took care of me,” he lowered his voice to say, “let me do the same for you, Tony.”
“Otto never wished to retire; his students kept him young for many years. Many of his students from old Terrini were very bright, and he often told me of their innovative solutions to problems children in Machtberg took for granted. He cared deeply for the Queen’s Exchange, and after his passing, I thought I might try it. My children are grown, and here I can do some good that would make Otto proud. I teach older students,” she explained with a smile, “they were too old for public schooling, but could do with foundational skills.”
“Didn’t I just say?” Rhodey muttered. “You could fall.”
Tony whistled twice, long, high-pitched notes that brought Dummy dutifully, happily, trotting to the porch. With a hand in Dummy’s mane, Tony swung himself up onto his back, and spun his horse around to chase after the speeding truck.
Steve grinned up at him, reaching to pull him closer. Tony followed the tug of his hand easily, sliding into place against Steve’s body.
At least, he didn’t notice until some seconds later, when Steve smoothly changed his hands so Tony was thrusting up into his lubed hand. Then, Steve slid his clean hand under Tony’s lower back and hefted him further up against the couch. The new position eased Tony into a deeper backbend, with his head tipping back off the couch. It became more difficult for Tony to thrust up into Steve’s wet hand, but before he could groan in frustration and voice his demand that Steve continue what he started, Steve bent down to brace one of Tony’s knees over his shoulder before kneeling up on the couch himself, looming over Tony and nearly bending him in half until Tony’s raised knee pushed against his own shoulder.
for his touch. His heart had never thundered and stopped at the same time, and panting, he tried to respond.
“What? What the hell did I say—”
Jane glanced at her superior with palpable concern in her eyes. “What just happened, Lieutenant Tony Stark?”
He buttoned on a blue silk vest that had been fitted to within an inch of its life, then tied the matching pants and kimono over it. The dark navy material felt durable and well made, and he threw a couple of punches to see how well it moved with him.
“The daddy today mentioned traveling,” she eventually said. “Slachter. He works in San Francisco and wants a baby who’s flexible enough for his lifestyle. Something about it… let’s say it caught my attention.”
“Come with me, right now,” Steve hissed as soon as Fury’s door was shut behind them, and marched them back to his office, top speed. Sharon rushed to keep up, trying not to look too frazzled as they passed through the sea of cubicles on the way to Steve’s office.
“You’re home,” Steve whispered against his ear once he was buried to the hilt in Tony’s body. He adjusted carefully, rolling his hips experimentally to learn different angles and new ways he could make Tony cry and whimper on his cock. With one leg pinned between their bodies, Tony body was already stretched to the point of pain, but Steve was a quick study, and with every slow, controlled rocking of his hips, Steve found new combinations and tricks to draw delirious, fluttering whimpers of pleasure from Tony’s lips.
“God Steve you scared the shit out of me. I’m so sorry I didn’t get to you sooner babe. I’m so so so sorry I failed you.” Tony said.
Liam whimpered at the question and ran over to the sink, turning on the faucet and putting his hand under it. He sighed in relief when the cool water ended up soothing his skin. Peter turned off the stove and then walked over to where Liam was and put a hand on his shoulder. Liam jumped a bit and looked up at his brother before looking back down.
“And you don’t have to be sweetheart. She doesn’t deserve you if she can’t respect your boundaries. That’s not a healthy relationship.” Tony added.
———————————————————
“You sure kiddo?” Tony asked.
Peter looked at both of his parents before saying, “I don’t like the paps.”
“See all done. Wasn’t so bad, was it?” Steve said.
“Mr. Tony, Mr. Steve.” Ned said as he quickly got up so he could let Peter’s parents sit.
“Bye kiddo. I love you and I’ll be back before you know it.” He said as he ruffled his son’s hair.
“Sir we have witnesses.” The principal said.
“Are you sure?” Steve said not believing it at all.
“Li, I don’t think-,” Steve started before getting cut off.
Peter had gotten a text from Ryan saying that he wouldn’t be able to pick Peter up because he had been running late and that he would just meet him at the restaurant that they had planned. Peter agreed to his decision because it would save them time and asked his dad if it was okay with him. Tony nodded his head understandably and told Peter that it was okay and that he would drop him off.
Damian’s being bullied in school.
“Are you okay love?” Steve asked in a gentle voice as he cupped Tony’s face in his hand.
“Dad? Dad? Where are you? Can you hear me?” Peter said as he searched for Tony.
“N-no…I’m not c-cold. It’s j-just…” He trailed off and got up to go sit next to his dad.
“B-because no one e-else did.” Damian whispered.
“How bad does it hurt kiddo?” Steve asked.
“Dad? Daddy? Dad? Dad come on, you gotta wake. Please dad please.” Peter sobbed and clutched Tony’s still body to his chest.
They all joined in on the laughter, enjoying the moment together.
“Give me the damn ball you fucker.” Richard shouted.
“Did you really think that someone who date a freak like you. Ha! You make me laugh Parker. Your just a orphaned little bitch and no one likes you. Are you crying now? Boo hoo. God you’re so pathetic and just a waste of space. Well later loser, having fun being a whiny piece of shit.” Ryan had said.
Tony smiled at Bruce before engulfing him in a hug. Before they could say anything else Peter began to stir awake.
“What? You’re kidding me? Right dad?” Peter said.
“You’re all so cute when you’re angry like that. Goodbye Stark. I’ll see you soon.” The kidnapper said before cutting off the call.
“Tony, Peter had a nightmare and a really bad one. Can you please tell him that you’re okay?” Steve said.
But in these tender moments, it felt like more. He took so much care in how he handled her, always seeking permission before he touched her, listening with rapt attention whenever she spoke as though he could divine the meaning of her words if he just focussed enough. He tended her injury so carefully and when it hurt, it was as though it pained him too. He was not just responsive, he proactively tried to meet her needs, in simple gestures like blowing a soothing, cool breath on to her leg or plying her with food and water like the jungle’s most attentive mother hen.
“Ok Jane Goodall. Is it safe to go back to your shelter?”
‘People you knew…’. The image of the dark-haired man hit him like a tonne of bricks. A group of men, dirty and tired but laughing. A red-haired woman looking at him with a slight upturn of her painted red lips. A metal disc in red and blue – no not a disc, a… shield?
His attentions were a balm to the suit maintenance of the day. She thought she had been close to hearing Jarvis’ voice today, and she had not realised how many hopes she had stacked on that until it became obvious late afternoon that it was not going to happen.
All of a sudden Cap was a flurry of movement, turning around and grabbing her. Though his abrupt movement knocked the air from her lungs, she automatically wrapped her arms around his neck. His powerful legs took them to the river bank, taking long strides toward a large tree north of their position.
Weak sinner she may be, never let it be said that she did not know how to show a man a good time, feral virgin or otherwise.
The man moved slowly, gesturing to her bleeding leg and vocalising lowly as he pointed, like a grunt.
“Yes I have the package. Seriously, you aren’t interested in the quinjet I found, or the stranded SHIELD operative I’ve been bunking down with?” She asked with faux-innocence.
“Hey, it’s ok. I didn’t really do anything here…” she said, feeling slightly awkward to receive his praise when all she did was crash land and follow him around the jungle for several days. Hardly her best work.
“Mmm. How sure are you that the river is clear of unfriendlies? No more grumpy gorillas?” she asked, letting him help her to her feet. Her leg was doing much better by now, but she liked when Cap acted the gentleman.
She moved his hands back to her breasts.
He stood back, watching tensely.
He took up a place protectively by Toni’s right, closer to the jungle’s edge should something try to sneak up on them, but also close enough to grab her if he had to.
Toni felt her eyelids drooping. She usually had more stamina than this, but the two previous sleepless nights spent tracking the stealth HYDRA team that had created the drone already had her running on low.
“Yes. I will take you. Whatever you need.” He did not know where the words came from – stilted as they were, it was the longest sentence he had been able to string together where he knew exactly what he was saying.
He was gentling as she relaxed her thighs to release him. He felt somewhat light-headed, his eyes drawn to the rise and fall of her bare chest as she caught her breath.
“Yeah bud, I’m here. You have me?”
Steve took a steadying breath, heading out to the lounge, tightly clutching Toni’s hand.
They were probably only swinging for about sixty seconds, but when Cap came to a stop on a massive, sturdy tree branch at least ten metres in the air, Toni scrambled down his torso to stand on her own two feet.
Her gaze flicked back to his face. He had not stopped watching her this whole time.
“Dad what’s wrong and where’s Pops?” Peter questioned.
“Hey, you’re being so brave kiddo. We’re proud of you. You’re almost done.” Steve said.
Liam sighed, feeling guilty about the fact that he had practically ruined his father’s run. Steve carried Liam home, making sure to be careful so that he wouldn’t aggravate the injury even more. Once they arrived, Steve set Liam on the couch and asked for Jarvis to scan him.
“Come on, I’ll carry you.” Steve said, gathering Liam in his arms.
“Li kiddo, is everything okay?”
“I’m sorry bud.” Tony spoke and Liam buried his face into his dad’s shoulder and released a shaky breath. Steve looked over with worry and concern but Tony just shook his head and Steve didn’t say anything.
“Where you going daddy?” Damian asked, cocking his head to side.
“Yeah pops.” Liam said, getting up and making his way to the door as he opened it and saw his father standing there.
Once he got home, he took another deep breath and made his way inside. His whole body felt shaky as he tried his best to keep himself composed. The feeling of her hand around him made him shiver and a lump grew in his throat again. He walked inside to see his papa in the kitchen and his dad and brothers playing a video game. He really wanted a hug after what had transpired minutes ago. Making his way to where his papa was at, he looped his arms around Steve’s waist and buried himself into his papa’s back.
They bit their lip but nodded. “Okay buddy. Just let us know if you need anything.”
“Here you go Peter.” She said.
Tony nodded his head, not trusting his voice. God he felt so pathetic for making his family worry about him like this. They already had more important things to worry about and Tony wasn’t helping them by adding more to their worries.
