Dean switched tactics and started making lunch as he spoke. “Well, think about a soldier of the Lord going into battle. He prays to keep his mind on what he’s doing for the fight so he doesn’t get distracted about all the commandments he’s breaking while he’s slashing and smiting, and then he thanks God afterward. You should think about doing the same.”
“Not for lack of trying,” Dean said. Lisa was the closest he’d managed it, and he’d almost died of boredom - outside the bedroom, because Lisa had insane skills - before she called him on his shit and arranged his departure. Not his finest hour, he owned to himself.
Jimmy was not making eye contact and abjectly humiliated, if his body was anything to go by. He was barely audible. “I begged him to let me try. I only stopped when you pulled back as if you were having second thoughts.”
“My aunt Laura says she’ll give me money for school or a business and that she prayed for me every day while I was missing,” Castiel said. “She also said how me being restored to our family will allow her to testify to the power of prayer at church next Sunday.”
Eileen had been busy on social media, apparently, and Dean’s phone blew up with volunteers wanting to take the chickens. They went back to the vet clinic. Sue had gone home and locked up perfectly, which made Castiel happy, because there were fifteen items on the checklist for locking the office and she hadn’t skipped any.
Gabe turned into a disappointment again. Dean would soon learn this was a pattern. “Gay things? Or priest things?”
“Well, Dean, I will be your vet for the duration of the transfer, and I’ll only charge you for every chicken that dies.”
“Naw, don’t be like that, I fucked up,” Dean said. “I should never try to police your own gayness for you,” he said. “I’m sorry,” Dean said, and hugged Castiel from behind, putting his head on his shoulder and enjoying the clean, damp warmth of his skin.
“Maybe? The record already existed. I made a record on top of it. Only the words exist, but I have no memory of the words.”
Dean’s breath caught for a second. “I’m gonna be frank with you, Cas, I had kinda hoped that the cheap physical stuff would happen eventually. You know, between us. Which is not very family friendly.”
Dean flinched as he spoke. Cas did not understand what he had said to dismay or offend Dean, so he stopped.
Cas told his two staffers he was now officially gone for the day, and that whatever they had observed, civility had returned to their conversation. They looked dubious and his customer said, “Is this some kind of mob thing?” and after a startled silence Cas said, with awful sarcasm, “I’m so terribly sorry you can’t tell what the body language of a lover’s quarrel looks like.”
Castiel’s voice was even deeper than usual. “God is testing me by making unbelievers more godly than the people of Haven.”
Anything to stay in view, at least for a minute. This close, Dean thought he was one of the most handsome and self-assured men he’d ever seen, and his eyes alone were worth a poem, not that Dean could currently put two words together, so he nodded as a response instead.
“Cas? Now you’re seriously pissing me off. The answer is, ‘as long as you need to be’. Lemme ask you a question. Do you feel you have to be somewhere else? Are there family you have to go back to?”
“I’m up to 2003,” Castiel said proudly. “I went to Haven when I was twelve, so I haven’t even done five years yet. Every time I remember something I remember something else and I’ve just been writing, writing, writing, writing, like a dam burst.”
“You have a point,” Dean said, and then grabbed Castiel and started fumbling at his belt. “Let me help,” Castiel said. “Are you going to get on your knees for me with our family outside?”
“You’re going to think I was lying to you. You’re going to hate me,” Dean said. Cas thought he sounded like he might weep.
Gabe looked solemn. “Maybe it had something to do with the sweet, sweet time I made with someone’s er close relative,” Gabe said.
“Fantastic, and like I want to help, and protect her, and Eileen. Sam can take care of himself, the big moose,” Dean said. He put the dishes down on the table.
“We were making a lot of noise ourselves, you know, panting, grunting, moaning,” Dean said suggestively.
Cas was exclaiming from a slam. Dean covered his mouth with his own, and then things got weird, and slow, and sensuous. Anyone watching them, not hearing how their shallow breathing had sped up, might think they’d fallen asleep while kissing.
“I’d like you to carefully consider my proposition before you find make your final decision with respect to the funds,” Gabriel said, at least according to Castiel.
“What? No! I mean, he can’t, he’s got no ID and no credit history. He’s been off the grid for two decades, through no fault of his own.”
“I completely forgot you had a soul to go with the vessel. I didn’t think I’d break my bachelor streak by getting married to two guys in a single day.” Dean said bitterly.
To Cas’s gasping astonishment, this activated two drones, which rose, hovered four feet above the floor, and started to stream video, as he could now see from a monitor.
It was good advice. Dean sat ten rows back on the opposite side, and tried to focus his unruly mind by looking at the candle he’d lit. He thought about his mom, and his thoughts got on that same hellish track they always did, how different his life would have been if his mom hadn’t died in a fire, and what a terrible way to go. He’d just lit a candle for a woman who’d died in a fire, he realized, and it seemed so stupid when he started sniffing, because it was so predictable - that guy over there had literally just called it.
He woke up because Cas was screwing light bulbs into the fixtures he’d blown out in their room. They exchanged a stare.
No, he had not. “Dr. Novak, I have petted my brother’s chickens, and I’ve caught more KFC than is good for me, but that is the sum total of my knowledge about chickens .”
“A proper greeting, maybe?” Castiel said drily. “I don’t go by Jimmy anymore, I’m Castiel.” Dean internally applauded the swift rejoinder. “You want to relieve me of money I haven’t received, and started your
“Are you crazy? I’m the man who bought a thousand chickens without noticing! Why the hell would you want to date me!”
He got Sue, his new technician / receptionist set up with her own keys, and smiled as she exclaimed over the cute name tag he’d already prepped for her. “I hope you’re okay with being left alone, I need to go out for a while.” He extracted Dean’s phone number from the clinic phone system and called him.
Dean talked about his love of simple things like food and pie and rock music from the 70s and Dr Sexy and, had he mentioned pizza yet; his fight to find some kind of exercise which would allow him to eat whatever the hell he wanted (“Hour and a half workout, every other day. I fuckin’ hate it and I’d fuckin die without it, so there you go.”) He talked about his fucked up childhood but only in very, very general terms, and they kept right on talking until they pulled up at Cas’s place. It was well after dark by that point; they’d set out around three, but with all the stops, they’d made a three hour run into seven hours.
“Nosirree, you didn’t buy ‘a single’ chicken. Your voice sure sounds funny. You got a thousant chickens for 20 bucks which is the deal of the century and I’m a little steamt but otherwise I’d be out it all, so I guess I’ll take what the good Lord brings me.”
know how to do, which is write in that journal. I’m afraid I’m going to need another one within a week or so, if I keep writing this much. I wrote 4300 words today.”
Castiel sighed and pushed his mashed potatoes around. “My mother had two sisters and one brother. I don’t know what my aunt’s married names are, and my uncle died when I was ten when the riverbank he was working on collapsed during a flood.”
He was too thin for his height - he felt like rope wrapped on rebar under his clothes - and he smelled sour.
“My roommate vacuumed - yes, I noticed! cooked dinner and wrote forty million words today. Boast away, it’s not like you were sitting on your ass today crying.”
wanted with what I was working on,” Castiel said, and then looked shocked at himself. “I suppose you find me boastful.”
“Because, my darling scumbag brother, you’d strip the assets, fire the workers, lobby against all regulations and piss on climate change and soil and habitat restoration after the mine’s played out…. but only when the press wasn’t looking. I’m winding my part up responsibly. Dean will have no part in that. I can already tell he’s not interested in helping me with that except by being in my life. And he doesn’t want money, I already know that, too. He doesn’t need me, and I don’t need him. We just want to be together, and thank God that’s no crime. Whatever the fuck you’re up to would be a thousand times worse than any honest mistakes I could make.”
He spoke to the feet. The bathtub was not huge and they were not small guys, so the feet were close. “You radiate sexiness. You make me want to stare at you all day, like a child, but I don’t feel like a child.” The thumbs increased in pressure.
Dean laughed and popped an eyebrow. “Well, I’m the only one who’ll be getting handsy, so let’s go with the latter.”
“What part of the food budget do you want to sacrifice for tux rental, and how much weight do you want to rearrange before we get measured for said tuxes?” Cas replied. “The way I see it, you’re going to want to spend more money on the reception than on the wedding.”
“Who are you?” the man said in a deep voice, that shook a few times. Under the dome light he looked to be in his thirties, quite tanned, and worn by worry, or work. “Where are you taking me?” He opened the water bottle with fumbling hands, and drank thirstily, never taking his eyes from Dean.
“I’m enjoying the lack of responsibility, and the even more welcome absence of people trying to kill me,” Gabe said. “I don’t mind saying the food’s as good or better than anything I could get at a modest hotel, the money for which I do not currently have.”
There was an awkward pause as Dean remembered that Castiel probably had been crying. He hastily stumbled into saying something, hoping it would help.
“I’m going to reheat soup and you’re going to shower,” Dean said. He beckoned Castiel to follow him down the hall, one made even narrower by an unbroken row of shoulder-high bookshelves.
When I was able to walk again, and still slowly regaining my strength, I asked Dean to walk with me outside. For a minute he didn’t want to - he didn’t seem to want to be around me at all, most days - and then grudgingly he agreed.
Dean smiled, waved goodbye to Castiel and his butthead cousin, and proceeded to have an awesome rest of the day.
any while I was at Haven. There was a work schedule, and free time on Sundays and Wednesdays, but every minute of every day I had to… you don’t know what a luxury it’s been, to just do whatever I want to. And I probably would have been frozen, if you hadn’t left that list for me. Did I thank you for that? That really was the nicest thing you could have done - you understood I came from a place where I didn’t get a lot of choices, and you gave me a list, and when I got stuck I could go to another part of the list, and then I started making my own lists, and I stopped feeling anxious because I wasn’t thinking about Haven any more. It just dropped out of my mind, and you gave me the tools to do it. I don’t feel free, but I feel freer, if you know what I mean.”
“Oh, this has been a check in of unusual size and duration, Dean,” Cas said. “I asked you about your intentions and prompted a marriage proposal, after a few side quests and ratholes.”
Dean felt overwhelmed. He swallowed, trying to understand what was happening, and realizing that all he could do was trust his angel.
“But you so often do amuse the crap out of me. It’s one of the reasons I like having you around. I just don’t think I could ever get tired of it.”
Dean said with determination, “I’ve made a mistake but I’m going to set it right. Can you help me locate crates for transportation?”
Michael stayed quiet until the door was closed. “You little shit! Where the fuck did you find him, at a freak show? He
Sam said, “Well, I’ll let you two lovebirds get back to it,” and he turned and just before Dean shut the door, he heard Sam say, “Cas? Dean, is that guy Cas Serafino?”
Dean was vaguely glad Crowley was getting some competition but Garth was no fool; he hadn’t waited for Dean to ask him what the guy looked like. “I haven’t met him but Jo says he’s ‘a super-hot guy’ and she also said something about ‘batting for the other team’.”
They flopped down on the sofa, killing themselves laughing. Then they just looked at each other, like they expected the world to screech to a halt, just for them, and Inias, unnoticed, rolled his eyes.
The Toy Box - reviews of products sent in by viewers, toy care, self care if you overdo it, finding your toy style
“Ah, feeling all warm inside. Yup, the drunkenness has commenced! Now the thing you gotta remember is
to get on the phone and round up every chicken crate he can, and the biggest truck to transport them. If he’s serious about chickens he’ll know people.”
If he hadn’t had Baby, his vintage Impala, to cradle him, and keep him firmly in the here and now, he might have floated all the way up to the clouds to hang out with the angels, he was so happy.
He refused to cry. He wasn’t going to give up. Dean needed him as much as he needed Dean, and he’d come back. He had stupid thoughts, one being that he could probably hire a private detective to find Dean, but that would be a waste of money and Dean was going to call him anyway.
“Until they show up at Naomi’s door and punch her until she gives up my address,” Dean said. “If you got it, so can they, ya chucklehead.”
“Can we stop,” Castiel said. Dean, swallowing hard, let go. Castiel continued to stroke him, but more gently.
“Serafino.” He braced himself. To his delight, Dean didn’t recognize his name, and he smiled as soon as he realized. “Castiel Serafino, at your service.”
Dean got him set up on the Xbox and said, with an exaggerated scowl, “Behave yourself, or you can find another place to sleep tonight.”
“I can’t just now, I’m too weak,” I said, trying to be reasonable. “But I can’t live like this, you looking at me like I’m the ‘scum of the earth’, and never telling me why. You said we were brothers - do you remember that? I do. You told other people that I was your best friend, and now you act like you hate me and I don’t understand it.”
For a few seconds Dean seemed too emotional to speak. When he did speak, his voice was hoarse. “I understand.”
“It’s a candle, it’s not a conversion experience,” the man said, the tiniest hint of impatience in his voice. For a moment, Dean had no idea how to respond. He laughed quietly and with genuine amusement.
There was a pause. Castiel sounded uneasy and apologetic again. It bordered on being creepy, but it occurred to Dean that this poor guy was having to take in a lot at once, as well as possibly having the spins from being hungry and thirsty. “I don’t know if I do. It was what I was taught.”
“Ah,” Cas said. “For that, you need a sativa, a lively one that’ll keep you on your feet.” He made some recommendations. He made recommendations for Bobby.
That dried him up. He started thinking about what he’d come for. He was praying to God, he reminded himself, to support his efforts to straighten out his life, be a good enough person to find a good partner, and quit shooting himself in the foot when anything nice happened to him. He was praying to God for the strength to not be a jealous asshole about Sam’s happiness. He was also here to ask God for a sign. ’Should I stay here or move to California to be with Sam and Jess and the fourteen kids they plan to have, or what?’
He hadn’t done that in years, driving down this wonderful stretch of two-lane, the sight of the sun dancing on the ocean breaking through the tunnel of trees. There were a lot of blind corners, but Baby knew her way around.
They gazed at each other, Dean almost horrified, Castiel stoic. “More or less. Now that I’m sitting in your kitchen, I can’t believe I stayed there for almost two decades.”
Castiel had not chosen his own clothing in twenty years. He told Dean that the mere prospect of having any clothing at all that hadn’t been picked out by a very nice woman who was almost blind was making him so excited that he allowed himself to fidget.
“Man, those are some bulked-up refugees Naomi took in! But the mob has ways of finding stuff out,” Gabe said bleakly. “Means I’ve probably not got long before they show up here.”
Dean crept into his bed about an hour before dawn and what happened next was brief and breathtaking. Dean said, “You okay with this?” Which wasn’t very specific. When you’re talking about sex, it’s best to be clear about consent, but Castiel suspected it was as much as he was going to get by way of discussion. He soon learned that getting Dean to talk while horizontal was a rare occurrence at best. As he summarized the occasion to himself afterward, he woke up horny and didn’t stay that way long. Dean appeared to enjoy himself.
Castiel’s voice in his mind was warm and amused. It was unusual, and also, kind of awesome. “Are we having a ‘speak now, or forever hold your peace’, moment?” Cas breathed.
He looked up at Dean, almost expressionless, and Dean said, “Get the fuck up,” and Castiel sprang to his feet, dropping the boot and looking guilty.
“Yeah,” Cas sighed, boneless and sated from the dicking Dean had just given him. “There’s the world, and then there’s us.”
Castiel shot Dean a glance and said, “Dean doesn’t think that, at all. He merely thinks you shouldn’t be staying here,” Castiel said.
Dean considered this. Then he returned to his theme. “Jimmy, you need to get out of there. My Cas’s Jimmy’s been in Heaven for years.”
“Holy shit. Maybe holy water? Balm of Gilead? Should you even be in the bunker?” Dean asked helplessly.
Dean, expecting to hear Cas start spouting theology, was astonished when instead, Cas said, “If I tried to kiss you, would you punch me?”
“Yeah,” Sam said. He was starting to get into it. “That sounds about right. How’d you find that out?”
He rose to complete his errand and Dean lay back and smiled so hard he could hear his cheeks squeak, and that made him laugh aloud, because he didn’t remember smiling like that in quite a while.
“Help yourself,” Dean said. “There’s black tea and peppermint tea and my brother’s stash of perfume crap tea.”
“Fine,” Inias said, maybe a little more clipped with his boss than was wise. “I’ll turn the interior cameras off, then.”
It was temporary. Castiel was like an owl with a broken wing, an amazing experience to live with, but temporary. It stung, but it was okay for now, it was okay, for right now.
Dean was even more horrified. “Give me your contact details and I’ll get out there as fast as I can.”
“Everything okay with baby Mary?” Benny asked sympathetically, as Dean paced. He and Garth had been watching Dean stumble around ‘the goldfish bowl’, which is what they called Dean’s office, trying to work off his nerves.
Mary was a delight too; she was pleasantly respectful of his knowledge, and she made a single observation about the store layout which stunned him like a mule kick at first, and then spurred him into the first major re-design of the planogram since he and his husband had stopped bickering about it and come to a compromise.
“Yeah, you can leave out how he makes you sandwiches with the perfect amount of mustard and you look at him like a lovestruck teenager,” Garth said, in pretty much the same helpful tone of voice.
“You can shut right up, any time, you know,” Dean said. “I’ve been thinking about this conundrum for a decade. I’m used to your face, but my partner is Castiel. If Castiel was okay with having sex with me while in your vessel, that would be great – but he doesn’t. But I won’t pressure him because the way Sam explained it, way back when, he doesn’t associate sexuality with desire. The way I show my feelings for him is by leaving him the fuck alone sexually, for the rest of my life, if need be. I never thought I’d ever be like this, but I’m over forty and it’s just not as big a deal as it was even five years ago. You probably know we’ve kissed.”
There was a little gulp in his voice. Well, that explained Castiel’s quiet droopiness. Poor guy had been crying.
“Ah, so it’s not me, it’s the fact I’ve got a dick,” Dean said, and he realized he sounded a lot harsher than he meant to. The smile melted from Castiel’s face, and he turned away as if he’d been slapped.
The four of them, talking awkwardly at first, slowly polished off the rest of the Crown Royal. Sam had a single shot, since he was driving. He finished his drink, said, “I’ll call you later, Dean,” in a very serious voice, and departed.
“I don’t understand consent,” Castiel said. He started talking steadily. “To be clear, I know what the word means, but I never really got to
noise,” Dean said, rounding on him. “In fact, I’m being a fucking idiot letting you do this, but I’m throwing you in the deep end for a reason. If you can’t be good with
“Ah,” Castiel sighed. His wings visibly began to fill in. Feathers that were a yard long pushed out in front of his eyes.
The two walked in silence around the church. There was a discreet door, and a buzzer, recessed into the frame. Dean’s companion pressed it four times; long short long short. The door clicked unlocked after a moment and his companion opened it, gesturing Dean inside.
“Stop worrying about what God thinks and start taking care of yourself until you’re able to make your own way without getting hurt by creeps,” Dean said. “When you can manage that, you can apologize to God later about how you forgot to text him back, or whatever.”
“I’ll set the table,” Dean said, desperate to change the subject. “I can’t thank you enough for cooking,” he added.
Castiel paused. He returned to the living room and sat on the couch next to Gabe. “You do?” he asked gently.
“This is all Jimmy’s doing!” Castiel protested. Jimmy made a disparaging noise in the background. “And we may be able to trick Heaven into sneaking me in with Jimmy’s soul. I mean, I wouldn’t have a physical presence in Heaven but at least I’d be there with you.”
“What’s missing?” Dean asked, frowning. Castiel rolled onto his side to look at Dean. Watching him force himself to speak nearly ended Dean. He was obviously in pain, but he didn’t stop.
It was why he was here. He’d been thoughtful, afterwards, remembering how happy and at peace he’d felt during the service. After, when he’d had a few weeks to brood as Sam and Jess moved states and honeymooned, he felt insane with jealousy and angry that Sam was settled and he was not. He felt irritation at himself for being like a foolish adolescent with his green-eyed, jealous pet monster, as if Sam’s current happiness was somehow a poor reflection on him, or indeed anything to do with him, or how he’d help raise him; he was convinced that he’d never experience anything like Sam’s happiness, because he was too scared and too lazy to look for it.
“Gross,” Dean observed. Cas appeared incapable of speech, and after unclenching his fists, made for the basement door.
Dean stroked the dashboard tenderly. “Don’t listen to the mean man, Baby, you’ve got all the flash you need in your shiny chrome. And speaking of Baby, I’ll tell you why I was passing by just now. I just got back from where my bro and sis-in-law had a baby, and I am now an
Castiel smiled indulgently. “New parents are fascinated by their babies, or so I’ve seen, and they want everyone to know, especially if things are going well.”
The church was as beautiful as he remembered it. He’d thought Sammy was nuts to have a full-on church wedding with all the pomp and ritual - when he didn't usually go in for any of that stuff - but Sam said it wasn’t important enough not to marry Jess. He loved that woman so much, and they were so happy and beautiful together, an anomalous zone of contentment and courage in the middle of an increasingly broken, fake landscape.
Something in Dean’s voice or manner cracked Gabe’s façade. “Sixty grand in credit card debt, a hundred grand in notes with bookies, and twenty grand in private debt.”
“It’s over. My spiritual crisis is over. It was actually two crises in one. I’m gay … and I lost my vocation.”
“I assume you’re Dean Winchester,” Castiel said. In his life he’d never been more terrified to shake a man’s hand; it appeared that the muddy hazel eyes of the Instagram selfies were in real life a bright and mesmerizing green, and experiencing their true color in natural light had briefly rendered him speechless. Dean’s hand was warm and his shake was firm and Castiel was tempted to just keep pulling on his hand until his intentions were revealed, but he managed a tight smile instead, and let go before he turned creepy.
“He doesn’t want me putting my name next to his,” Cas said. His voice veered off into a staccato inflection. “I don’t know what the problem is. It’s paid for and I won’t care after I’m dead.”
“I think I want to speak to him first,” Dean said, menacingly. “Put cheese in mine, goddamnit!” he yelled down the hall to his brother.
“But if I understand it properly, I didn’t actually die, I just went to the Empty. And you told me Jack appeared each night to Rowena, and you, and Dean and gave them a vision of how to get me back without upsetting the balance of the universe, so you all had to work together. What does Dean want me to remember if it makes him so – for lack of a better word, anxious?”
There was a long pause. There was a scratching sound and then the voice came back. “A thousand chickens,” he said thoughtfully. “Okay, time to do some math. You need crates. Six birds in a crate, a thousand into six is say a hundred and sixty-five for round numbers. The crates are thirty-eight by twenty-two by eleven.”
Dean stood there, heaved a sigh, and from his bare toes to the last razor sharp hair of his head, he made Cas’s heart pound with a thrumming combination of joy, terror and lust.
“My brother texted me,” Dean said. Against his intent, he smirked. “I’m the kind of asshole who distracts his brother on his honeymoon. He’s trying to make it very clear to me that you are just a rich poser and you’re going to break my heart and you’ve probably put an exit strategy together already,” Dean said.
“I don’t know,” Sam said levelly. “I wasn’t there. I was just there afterward, when we were living with having lost you, because you sacrificed yourself for us.”
“No, mmmm, nossir,” Dean said, sagging a little. It just felt so damned good. He thought about Cas manhandling him onto the bed - he was stronger than he looked - and his dick twitched a little.
When they’d been dating three months, he mentioned to Dean that his nearest colleague, Doctor Crowley, was on the list for a continuing education seminar, which was also a chance for the drug companies to round up all the decision makers, and ply them with various marginally legal incentives to prescribe their highest margin veterinary medicines.
Both incoming lines rang at once, and Benny said, “Floor show’s over!” and he and Garth answered their lines, “Parts, Garth/Benny speaking!” in perfect rhythm while grinning at each other.
They ended up jerking each other off, Cas being too drunk for oral sex (‘I’m scared I’ll puke’), and Dean went into caregiver mode and got the washcloth. When he was done he looked down at Cas, who’d rolled over face down, eyes closed, and said, “There’s two beds. Want your own?” and was warmed, all the way through, when Cas murmured, “Stay.”
“What?” Castiel said. Dean manipulated Castiel’s right big toe and there was a very satisfying ‘pop’, and Castiel jerked in startlement.
The cold fog blew off like a hurricane had come through. “Yeah,” Dean managed, before Castiel was kissing him with a hint of coffee and maple.
“I am romantic as fuck. That’s why this whole doomed romance thing is doing so well for me. However that won’t get your jizz on my face, so what’s your pleasure?”
pushed their way into the parts department. Dean rushed forward, and then stopped like he’d hit a wall.
“Whatever you do, don’t say yes,” Gabe said, his face dark with concern for Castiel and astonishment with Dean’s actions.
Cas managed to sit up. His expression was reverent, although the full effect was marred by his failure to focus both eyes. “You’re so wonderful,” he said. He drank his water and sighed with his whole body in what felt like a really trusting way. They banged into each other a couple of times, new couple awkwardness, but otherwise they both passed into unconsciousness with no trouble.
“Then you mentioned you were praying over a partner… you didn’t specify the gender because you’re bi,” Cas realized. “Are you looking for a partner? And you said you were thinking of leaving town.”
He kept drawing his breath to speak, to comment, to criticize, to probe, to interrogate, to assume, to other. The hardest thing was leaning into Dean with silence rather than criticism. He had to accept how Dean was, broken to himself, but consistently better, more noble, to others. He was an extreme sort of person and he drew extreme people into his life, and if Castiel wanted the sweetness, the goodness that was in his heart and daily behavior, he’d have to deal with the weirdness – like the chickens. He already loved Dean so much that he had to guard against staring off into space, thinking of little things, turning them over in his memories like treasures. So he didn’t say anything.
Castiel was sitting on the floor, almost wedged into an alcove. He was surrounded by books, as if he had ripped them out of the shelves on his way to the floor. He was naked from the waist up, which did nothing to slow Dean’s pulse, because part of Castiel’s nature was bodily modesty. His own Cas, never so much, but Castiel’s bare minimum was a t-shirt and cargo pants. He was crying hard, having trouble breathing, and hiding his distress behind his hands.
Castiel thought about it and typed ‘bisexual definition’ into the google search bar, or so Dean guessed, as his next words were, “I take it that you are sexually attracted to both men and women.”
“Clumsy old me,” Gabe said. He pulled a green lollipop out of his pocket and parked it in one cheek while he and Dean swapped glares.
Cas and Dean did not, in fact, wear flower crowns. They choreographed a piece to go with the ‘hold me kiss me’ song and, wearing matching blue tuxes with black sequinned lapels, they rolled it out at their wedding as their first dance. They danced part of it like a sword dance – with poultry crooks. The kids screamed in amusement and the pictures were, as Dean said afterward, “Simply epic.”
“Goddamnit, you are not going to ghost me!” Cas yelled, and chased Dean out of the store while his employees and customer watched open-mouthed. Dean, realizing that Cas was gaining too fast to allow him safe entry to his car, put up his hands and said, “Not the face, please.”
“I’ve known you long enough to know how kind you are,” Castiel said. Dean thought it made sense to start kissing him again, and they were still necking, behind Dean’s bedroom door so as not to freak out Sam, when they came back. They both agreed that freaking Gabe out was pretty near impossible, so they didn’t worry about him.
“Yes and no,” Sam said. “He’s alive, and he’s everywhere, but we … we can’t see or feel him any more, most of the time. You know this is the most you’ve spoken since we were able to create the AI.”
“Better than the carpet,” the desk clerk called out. “I don’t want to have to smell it while I wait for someone to clean it. So I’m not happy you puked in my lobby but you did us all a solid.”
“Siddown, I’ll make you a cup of tea,” Dean said, invisibly giving up on the idea of more necking. He made his voice cajoling. “And I’ll have you know, that is not a sentence that comes out of my mouth very often, so try to appreciate it for what it is. What kind of tea am I making?”
Sam had the gravity, as a family man, to be the brother lecturing now, and Dean’s resentment of getting shit from a man he’d diapered, and his horror of what he was turning into, as he got nostalgic about the days Sammy worshipped him, formed the other half of the argument, and they came to physical blows more than once.
“I’ll admit I was hopeful but Jimmy wouldn’t share your passwords,” Gabe said, flashing a brief and pointed smile.
Dean liked Cas because the parade of college student counter-people made him feel old; Cas didn’t make him feel like a dinosaur. He’d tried to flirt with him, but gave up when it appeared that Cas was smoothly impervious to Dean’s charm.
Another home birth; a weird coincidence. “Now you’re going to tell me your birth was never registered.”
Smiling internally, Dean said, “Dean Winchester, my place. You are going to have a shower, a change of clothes and a meal, and then we’ll figure out where you’re going next.” He flicked his gaze over the man’s face. “You got a name?”
Three months went by. Cas wanted to wait at least a year, but it was harder to wait with each conversation.
I tried to be patient but everyone seemed so dull-witted. “If I don’t have my memories I can’t remember where my memories are. But I would have told my love. My love would know.”
Dean licked his lover clean while Castiel made soft, appreciative noises, and then Dean said, as he stood up, “I guess it’s time to face the music.”
Cas’s response was to make a slow drunken pivot into Dean’s arms. His eyes were black and his breath could peel paint. “Can we fuck before we talk ourselves out of this.”
Screw you! was what Dean wanted to say. Instead, he said, “Thank you very much for volunteering your time and being honest with me and letting me know how big a chicken crate is. I’ll get out of your hair now. Thanks Doc.”
He was tired of seeming helpless, so his voice was droll. “What, help me pray for a partner and whether I should move to California? I think I got this.”
“Needs I willingly sacrifice - well, most of the time, I’m still jerking off as required - to be with you.”
Castiel looked at Dean, who shut up. Gabe wasn’t saying anything either, but his lips were compressed and he still looked sort of guilty.
After a moment, Castiel said, “I’ll need another room in the bunker, and I’ll recover faster if you don’t touch me.”
Sam said, “If I remember the lore correctly, it’s when there’s an unexpected separation between the bondmates or something that disturbs the nest-building.”
“I bet I don’t,” Dean scoffed. “I run a very high tech business; the drone set-ups alone are a thousand bucks a pop.”
Just before the man went over into the icy water, Dean jumped up and grabbed the back and belt loop of his trench coat with both hands, and the two of them tumbled onto the sidewalk. They were safe, but winded. Dean moved first and put his arms around the man. He said, in the kindest voice he could use, “It’s going to be okay.”
“You are not a total bastard! You’re –” Dean shut up. Castiel was grinning again. “If you were a total bastard you wouldn’t have donated your time.”
“Gabe’s going to talk to you and I’m going to get myself a beer,” Dean said. “But I’ll be close by.”
“I do not have the skill,” the man said in his low, almost emotionless voice, and Dean said, “Ya got me there, pal,” and laughed. Then he looked at Castiel’s stricken face, with its hollowed-out blue eyes, and laughed again. “Relax, man, you can worship however you like, as long as you’re not noisy about it.”
“Well, Sam, I can’t really say. We kind of did it together,” Dean said proudly. “Like we’re kinda hoping to do most things in life from now on.”
“You’ll be telling the grandchildren,” Dr. Novak said indulgently. Dean felt his cheeks and neck get hot.
Dean backed up emotionally as well as physically. “I did what anyone would do.” His words sounded stupid to his own ears.
Dean appeared next to him, scowling. “Keep going to meetings and sure, you can try to put hot sauce in my champagne all you want.”
“Why are you so drunk,” Dean said in the flattest tone he could manage. Could be gay, could be ace and autistic and unused to alcohol, could be so fucking cute that Dean was intrigued and trying not to act like it.
He wasn’t normally in the store on Sunday, so when he heard Dean’s voice at the counter through his open office door, he bolted around the corner, only to halt and gaze at him. After flashing a genuine expression of terror, Dean spun around and made for the door at a run.
He watched unmoving as his companion lit a candle. He turned to speak to Dean. His face was an icon of ivory and gold, in profile in the candlelight. Dean felt his heart wiggle in his chest. “Do you want one?” the other man said.
“Well, so did you, culture-wise,” Dean said. He spent an amusing few minutes getting Castiel up to speed on his laptop, made sure he had notes, and gave him his friend Charlie’s number; if anyone could handle having a total stranger/computer noob calling her on Dean’s say-so, it was her. Castiel was a quick study and said, “I think I’ll look at what happened in the world while I was at Haven. Thank you so much for helping me.”
To Castiel’s surprise when he woke at nine-thirty the next morning, Dean was gone. He’d left a note in neat print:
As he was taking Dean’s credit card, four customers walked in. He raised his hand briefly in farewell, as Dean said, “I’ll be back,” and departed.
“It’s because of the interdimensional passage, and collision, before we arrived. Castiel had memorized thousands of volumes of lore, in hundreds of languages but they were knocked out of his mental reach. For whatever reason - probably because we are a very well established vessel-guest dyad - I can see them and pass the knowledge to Castiel. I’m not a passive vessel. We’re partners.”
“I don’t like fighting with my family,” Cas said. Dean was happy he hadn’t taken it the wrong way. Another customer came in and Dean waved her through since she wanted no more than a celebratory joint upon learning that her company had decided to stop pee-testing employees, ‘as a cost reduction measure’. Cas barely smiled, but Dean chuckled at that.
“What?” Castiel said, almost dropping the carafe as he brought it and a cup to Dean at the kitchen table.
He got inspiration from the pipe display and said, “Well, tell him you’re going to see a therapist about it, maybe that’ll cool his jets.”
“We just shared a toothbrush and you ground me like hamburger. Ishn’t that a declaration of sexual interest?”
The next eight hours passed in a haze of extreme and smelly effort, but Sam, because he was the best brother in the entire universe, had found, among his small cohort of young parent buddies, a guy willing to loan out a proper respirator that killed the worst of the smell, and after that. Dean was okay with the whole ordeal, jumping completely on board. He and three teenaged boys with 4H caught, moved, and handed over a thousand chickens to about sixty people, less the number of them that got sick and died along the way. People showed up out of nowhere, grabbed chickens, paid a donation (mostly), and left. Kids from other 4H clubs, backyard chicken rescue enthusiasts, public schools and daycares, all arrived and got their chickens. If people didn’t pay, Dean said nothing. Some people were hungry. They were laying chickens but they’d go in a stewpot just fine. And he knew for a fact some of these chickens were going to be dog food, but he’d made a choice and now he had to live with the fact that he was an idiot who never checked the fine print. He was going through life trying to deal like an adult with shit he’d done like a child.
“No, my brother was having a rough time the year between college and grad school and Pam used a combination of embodied CBT and programmed meditation on him. Don’t ask me what any of that means, and she’s sort of like a witch, she never does the same thing for any patient twice.”
There was a bearded man sitting in the living room when Dean, moving slowly and cautiously, came in. He was wearing a wildly orange, unbuttoned Hawaiian shirt and skater shorts, and reading what looked like a textbook. His eyes bugged out his head, and he dropped the book with a loud clunk.
“I guess God doesn’t mind,” Dean said with a somewhat abashed smile, “Since she let me prevent you from falling into that river.”
Dean enjoyed sex with Lisa and could not understand why his ongoing desire to put her first was somehow a problem. Even though she’d been quite clear, during that last conversation, before he’d had to grab his clothes and bail, that he treated sex with her like a series of boxes to be ticked, and tickled, but that he didn’t really seem to care about his own pleasure, and never talked about what really turned him on. Lisa was being a bit harsh, in Dean’s view; she’d set boundaries from the very beginning. Why couldn’t he?
Dean was still shaking his head at Cas’s stricken expression when he realized he was blocking traffic, and laughing to himself, when Cas parked in the driveway of a small house, and waved to Dean to park behind him.
Sam’s blush darkened into anger, but he kept his gaze on Castiel. “I think I caught honeymoon cruise. Did you become bondmates with Dean?”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. “You have a job. You’re good-looking. Apart from your table manners, you’re probably a catch.”
“You showed me a thousand dollars in cash money,” Castiel said in an ominous, pissed-off voice. Dean enjoyed watching Castiel puff up like that, he grew six inches or something and there was definitely six inches of Dean that needed better accommodations than they were currently getting.
“That’s not what I meant,” Dean whispered. He could hear Castiel getting ready to stand up and tried not to sound too needy as he said, “I meant – lie down with me.”
He didn’t have Gabe’s cell phone number, and apparently he’d left the apartment with Castiel, because no-one was answering the land-line.
“For pity’s sake, Dean,” Sam said, disgusted, and dropped the subject, because Castiel returned, and so talked about Mary, which was fine by Dean, who was almost as interested in the changes in her digestive tract and sleeping patterns as Sam was. Then Sam had to describe, in perhaps just a tad too much detail, how he was enraptured by Eileen’s dive into motherhood and that was another five minutes and then Sam was gone, guilty about leaving Eileen alone so long. The subject of the roommate had been broached and dropped, Castiel had been inspected by Sam, and Dean relaxed a little.
“To be candid, Dean, I’m not your biggest fan right this instant. What’s wrong, why can’t we date? Felony conviction? Already married? Already a bigamist? Gambling debts? Bedbug infestation?”
“Not today,” Castiel said. He buried his face in Dean’s neck and whispered, “I won’t fuck you today,” and ground into him in slow ovals of sexual torment, shifting his pelvis and his thighs as if Dean were exercise equipment. It was ludicrous. This guy couldn’t possibly be a virgin. Dean heard himself gasp when Castiel demonstrated that he could kiss Dean very effectively, speed up the grinding and gently scratch at the fabric over one nipple all at the same time.
“I don’t have sex there. Well, not with anyone else but me,” Dean amended. “So it’s set up for one person to manage. Sam helped.”
Dean banged his head in disgust against his pillow. “No, and don’t ask me again. I want a solution that works for all of us.”
“Help me!” Castiel cried. Dean ran to the bathroom, soaked a couple of towels and threw them across Castiel’s back.
The pressure built and built over a few minutes. Dean had just enough time to understand what was happening before his hips stammered out the semaphore of his orgasm.
“Sure thing, Mick,” Dean said, and with that, he stole clean away with whatever tiny sliver of Cas’s heart he had not previously owned. He shot side eye at Cas, just long enough to establish that Cas was cool with him being unwelcoming to his brother.
“I don’t mind, it’s my day off,” Dean said. Still distracted, he lightly touched the back of Cas’s forearm and said, “Are you okay? You look a little – ”
Eyes bugged out, Castiel spun on his heel away from the potatoes he was mashing to look at Dean; and after a moment he realized Dean was joking.
Dean realized he did not have his story straight. And he would never get the story straight as long as he was having a low-key panic attack about Cas disappearing out the door.
“I know I’d fucking hate them, and they’d fucking hate me… okay, we’re at the Sally Ann. I know they aren’t nice to trans and gay people but I don’t have a lot of choice here for secondhand stores. They close in an hour,” Dean said, “So make sure you get into the change rooms in plenty of time.”
The next time Dean came into the store, Cas wasn’t wearing store merchandise. He was wearing a blue button down about two shades darker than his eyes, a striking black-and-blue silk tie and tight-fitting black chinos. His name tag was not in evidence.
“Yeah, and I presume you’re Sam Winchester,” Castiel said. “I am probably going to regret this, but I hereby volunteer to put them in my backyard as a staging area.”
“Oh my fucking God,” Dean said, gasping. “You could do a comedy routine like that. Unbelievable.” They were sitting next to each other, backs to the sofa, and Dean ruffled Castiel’s hair and said, “Don’t ever change.”
“That would be quite a compliment. But then there’s social pressure on you being quiet anyway. That’s why I want you to be a power bottom. Always, always tell me what you want, unless you want what I’m giving you.”
“I don’t know,” Sam said again, and this time I knew he was lying, and couldn’t say how I knew that.
He was so startled, he almost squawked like a chicken. Almost, but not quite. “Rescued? You want to rescue a thousand chickens?”
It would have been a different sort of day if he was dating someone. Dean got obsessive about the people he was dating. Unless you could deal with that little spike in Dean’s personality, you would not last – never mind that he had a sweet temper and never mind his god-like appearance. If he’d been trainable, more people would have tried, but Dean did things his own way and that, with his almost stalker-like behavior, made most sensible folks bail the first time they talked about their concerns to anyone they trusted. It was a small town. He ran through the dating pool pretty fast, and there he was, stuck and still single, with his reputation strewn around the joint in tell-tale tatters.
“So, buddy. ‘Splain this thing to me,” Dean said, when he had recovered somewhat. They were now sitting on the blanket, since standing wasn’t fun any more. “How’d’ja end up in your ex-boyfriend’s wedding party?”
“I have staff, just so you know. Inias is my assistant with the charity business and Celeste is my household manager, which means she does a little bit of everything including cook and keep my clothes in order. They have their own soundproofed quarters when they want to stay overnight; Celeste normally does and Inias goes home.”
“Holy crap,” Dean said. “Sam’s doing it again. I don’t think he ever met anyone he didn’t want to help.” He told Castiel what was going on.
He was red in the face and began to bluster. “Maybe I don’t feel like talking about it,” he said. “Maybe it’s none of your business.”
“I’m not locked up. I volunteered, Dean, remember? That much was exactly the same in both worlds. Castiel has given me the freedom to access his memories, and I learned something interesting. One is that Castiel has memories and knowledge I can access that he can’t. We aren’t sure why; we think that when we were flung here Castiel veiled himself in my soul, which is something a powerful angel – seraph or higher order – can do to conceal its angelic nature from demons and other enemies. However it happened, we’ve become far more entangled than vessels and angels normally do. The normal protocols and safety features are more like suggestions, now.  It’s possible – it may be possible – to put the last hundred years or so of Castiel’s memories into a piece of grace and have it ride me into Heaven, when Castiel releases this vessel. In exchange for me volunteering to do this, Castiel will be letting me drive for a few hours a week.”
think that, I don’t care what anyone else thinks, including me.” Then, very sympathetically, Castiel said, “I’ll go get you a warm washcloth.”
Dean held himself still and panted, hard, but said not a word, seemed almost mindless. He loved this attention, had been craving it.
Cas brushed his teeth, working around Dean nuzzling him from behind and smoothly undoing all his shirt buttons. Cas looked at Dean’s eyes in the mirror and Dean pressed his hard-on into anything of Cas’s it could touch, gripping him so that he grunted and sighed. Cas rinsed his mouth, and Dean switched places with him, and found Cas reaching for his fly. While Cas breathed hot puffs onto his neck he reached down Dean’s loosened pants to cradle one butt cheek. He squeezed and moaned and Dean moaned too.
Benny and Garth, god love them, were alternately looking perturbed and vastly entertained. There wasn’t a hole in the Earth big enough to swallow him, Dean thought tiredly.
“You won’t be able to deal with me being rich, and you won’t believe I’m literally getting rid of it as fast as I ethically can, as stupid as that sounds. My personal responsibilities at the moment include helping to run businesses which are income sources supporting almost two thousand people. I’m able to have a good time, but I’m stealing time from my true responsibilities to be with you because, frankly, I can’t fucking help it.”
“I don’t understand how I can feel this bad and still move,” Cas admitted. He started to find his clothes, moving like a human-sloth hybrid.
Castiel reached into the cupboard and brought a box over to Dean. It had a yellow sticky-note on it, which read, in Sam’s strong, small handwriting, “I would love it if one morning a week, at least, you could eat something that actually l o w e r s your cholesterol.”
“I understand. I’m changing the subject. Climb those stairs, turn right, end of the hall, door with an ornamental glass doorknob. Get cleaned up, if you want to feel my tongue worshipping your ass.”
“I didn’t – “ Castiel said, blushing and stammering. “I’m sure I misspoke,” he said, getting a grip on himself and speaking with more firmness. “I’m not saving myself for anybody. I merely didn’t want to display my inexperience.”
He could hardly stomach looking at Dean, who last year sometime had decided that whatever thin slice of comfort he could get from this cold-eyed angel, he was going to take. Dean had explained it very simply, “I get to actually sleep and not dream about hell and Michael all fucking night, and he gets a nestmate. I don’t care if it looks gay, because I don’t care if it is gay, and I don’t care that it ultimately doesn’t matter. He asked me. We’re not having sex. It’s just,” and he trailed off, and saw the hurt in his brother’s eyes because even after they’d given Cas a hunter’s rites, Dean had still managed to put off a twisted fucked up version of happy ever after, somehow, even if it was with the wrong angel, and it was just too much.
He caught Dean staring at him, and smiled. Dean’s innards did another little shift, and he paid more attention to his food.
“Dean!” Cas called breathlessly, and dragged Dean away. As soon as they were out of earshot and in the cab, Cas laughed and then held his head.
“Almost tripping over your dick when I slung you around,” Cas said, snotty as fuck, and Dean’s expression was clear, as he looked gratified. “You like it. I just have to be very, very careful. I understand.”
Dean refused to allow himself to panic. He used a gurney, which was in the bunker for god knew what fiendish Men of Letters experiments in decades past. He got Castiel into the garage, and more or less dragged him across the cul-de-sac, where he laid him out, again face down, on a blanket he pulled out of the back of Castiel’s truck on the way by.
“C’mere, you,” he said to Castiel, who followed him into the bathroom and watched him close the door with a question in his eyes.
Castiel nodded and changed the subject. “I haven’t left this apartment since I arrived here, except to go shopping. If you had a spare key, I could go for a walk.”
“Working on my account of my life at Haven, encouraging my aunt to get an affidavit out of the midwife who attended my birth, and also encouraging her to swear an affidavit indicating my mother’s naturalization status, which together should allow me to get a birth certificate, and then after that a passport.”
“Gabe says that if I don’t have sex with you as soon as possible you’ll lose interest and I’ll have to go live with him.”
When they cautiously opened the bathroom door, Gabe was not eavesdropping. They shared a look of surprise. Dean poked his head all the way through the door and Gabe was sitting with his back to them, headphones on, a Fallen Order start-up menu silently being manipulated across Dean’s massive television screen.
“I’ll walk you out,” Cas said, springing to his feet. “I’ll talk to you later, Father Al,” he added, before the priest could say another word.
“That private,” Gabe said, making a gesture as if to underline the words. Castiel looked outraged, of course, but said nothing.
Dean had been hearing variants of this his whole life, and avoided answering by saying,“Castiel’s too long. Cas is better.”
“There was some other stuff in my dream I wasn’t comfortable telling Father Al about,” Cas confessed.
“He kept you alive, although he had no way of knowing that would be the outcome,” Dean said. “Tell Jimmy to keep up the research. Maybe we’ll come up with something to keep us all happy. And if we don’t, I still have you and Sam, and right now that’s enough.”
For the next half hour, the two of them poked around the internet, with Dean ‘driving’, until finally Dean opened a church website and Castiel said excitedly,“Oh, my goodness!”
“And I could not be who I am. Father Al was angry with me for not coming to this conclusion earlier.”
Sam stared at them both as if they were incorrigibly idiotic, and his subsequent eyeroll ensured they knew he was now giving up and leaving the room. Sam stood. “I’m going to make some veggie burritos and leave you to it. And say hi to Jimmy for me. I wouldn’t mind speaking to him if you can spare him.” Sam sauntered away to the kitchen.
“He slept for a long time,” Castiel said. He was frowning again, and since he had no idea how adorable he was, it was unjust how much that frown turned Dean on.
“See that you do,” Dean said, acknowledging it. He took a bite of the meatloaf and laughed and groaned at the same time. “Fantastic,” he said with his mouth full.
“Or dresses. Either way we’d look fine,” Cas said. “We could go for matching tuxes with flower crowns, go for a kind of trad-masc hybrid look.”
Cas actually laughed. “I experienced ecstasy when I was pierced with the sword, just like St. Theresa. It went on for a while before I woke up.”
“Fifteen hundred people?” Cas said faintly. He sagged until, like Dean, he was leaning his ass against the Impala.
Waking brought immediate problems. Dean staggered naked to the door and put the chain lock on before he opened, since someone was banging on it quite hard. It was his brother.
“No, not at all,” Dean said, and the relief was crystal clear. “I was actually thinking of asking you to take a look at them, but not this instant – at your convenience.”
“Social workers are the highest form of evil that the state can unleash upon a religious family,” Castiel stated calmly, as if it were a fact.
Castiel was at work while Dean handed over the last of the chickens - he’d volunteered his yard, not his time. The woman who loaned the mobile coops to Castiel came back for them and Dean helped her get everything into the truck, with help from the boys.
Dean cleaned up the car he was working on and put his tools away. He left his overalls on and thought about what the hell he was going to do.
“No!” Dean said, waving his left hand to dismiss the idea of being upset. “I’m trying to think of something low-key to ask that isn’t too prying or too much like an interview question.”
Dean said, “Okay, who exactly is it that I’m marrying? I mean, just another day in the life of a hunter, but jeez.”
that look promised a ‘serious conversation about Castiel’, later. Castiel asked Gabe if he wanted to talk about Gamblers Anonymous, and Gabe said no, and then he looked at Dean and said, with a touch of his normal flair, “Well, I ain’t an alcoholic! Would it be too much to ask for a drink?”
“Well then you kin come here and help me destroy ‘em all, I got me the gas but I’ll need help,” the farmer said. “I ain’t paying that jackass Dr. Frog to come destroy ‘em.”
The second time they put their dukes up, Eileen caught them, but their first clue was when she appeared out of nowhere and began to strike her husband in the chest and face, while he looked down on her in stupefaction, his hands in fists at his sides. He began to block her, and she stepped back.
“In new creation. The bond we now share is part of the structure of the universe, and all of the universes. We made something beautiful from something broken; we made a new order from disobedience; we knew to cherish innocence because it had been stolen from us; we learned to love when we thought we were unworthy. Our experiences were wildly different. I don’t even belong in this iteration of the multiverse.”
“I’m sorry I told you I’m homosexual if it means you’re going to be teasing me about it,” Castiel added. He banged the potato masher against the side of the pot to unstick it, and Dean flinched a little at the noise.
“I can’t hurt you more than your childhood did,” Cas said, almost shrugging. “I don’t want to re-traumatize you, either. You don’t think you deserve anything good. You’ll fight for other people to have it - you told me you put that long-armed brother of yours through Stanford,” Cas said in an aside, “But happiness isn’t your bag.”
It was just before suppertime on a Thursday, when the lights flared and blew from one end of the bunker to the other. Glass rained down, tinkling. For almost thirty seconds he could hear nothing, then the glass made a clicking sound as Castiel – or someone – transported it to the trash.
He’d heard through Garth, his dentist buddy, and seen a photo in the town weekly which confirmed, that ‘a super-hot guy’ had taken over Doc Shurley’s vet clinic after he’d retired and run away to South America (he was actually living in Mexico six months of the year and came home often enough to maintain his residency status, but the rumour persisted.) So Dean knew that the clinic had reopened, which was a good thing, because no one wanted to drive forty miles to the nearest vet any more, especially a total asshole like Dr Ferg Crowley.
“You’re looking at each other as if you’ve decided to invent true love, since no one else has ever managed,” Gabe said with lisping sarcasm. “Living here is sure going to be interesting.”
“I’m not that good at thinking ahead,” Dean said. “When I make plans they don’t go all that well, and I’ve had to learn how to improvise.”
“It sounds like a girl’s name either way,” Cas said. “Excuse me,” he said, and he puked into a waist-high decorative vase, very neatly. It was like watching a cat sick up. There was no way in fucking hell he was developing a puke fetish, it was Cas who was so intriguing. Dean sighed, picked the vase up, took it to the horrified desk clerk and said, “Put it on room 421, whatever the cleaning charge is.”
“No, I don’t,” Castiel said, looking straight out the windshield. “Brother Jerome said, ‘You’re hosed.’”
“Parts of it were really fun. And he understood certain things about me, stuff on a kind of basic level, when you don’t talk.”
Dean got him breathing properly before the man could get really scared at the close call. He spluttered for a moment, and then coughed occasionally, leaning into Dean’s arms for support. “Where am I?” the man said fearfully. He coughed fitfully again, tried to stand and did such a shitty job of it that he decided in the end to lie down.
sus,” Dean said tipping his head back as if he really was appealing to the Son of God. “So you’re dead, basically.” Cas was looking at Gabe with total pity and shaking his head.
“Not any more,” Cas said calmly. He turned toward his car, got in and drove away, while Dean stood there unable to move since his whirling thoughts were preventing orders from going to his limbs. Then he jumped in his Impala and followed Cas’s car.
Castiel, who was overhearing Sam’s side of the conversation with no difficulty, smiled at Dean as he nodded and put it on speaker.
He met Dean’s mother. Dean had neglected to mention his mother was on the list, and he had a brief moment of panic, as if he was ‘meeting the parents’ and then he was angry with himself; Dean was nothing to him and his husband was hardly cold in the ground. He had no business thinking that way.
Dean hit a preset switch on a lighting board and entered his set. Then he grabbed a chair and let Cas sit in the door, with a finger to his lips. He put a beauty spot on his upper lip and a beauty spot just above his tailbone, where his panties stopped, and then picked up a remote.
Cas’s voice was soothing and conciliatory. “Buying a thousand chickens for him by accident was enough pranking for one year, maybe.”
“God, no! but yes, if I get to slap him a few times on the way out the door,” Dean said in tones of pure gravel.
At the time, Dean had intuited that Michael having a key no longer worked for Cas. He moved in a pink and tan blur while Michael squawked like a frightened bird and stepped ineffectually backward. Dean seized him, got his keys off him while rubbing his dick on the bottom of his suit jacket and pant leg, let go of Michael and tossed the keys to Cas, while Michael, stunned into silence punctuated by his huffy, hostile breathing, glared at both of them in turns.
Lines of privation and exhaustion were carved into his face, even though he was still young. Asleep, he seemed even more innocent. “Man, you’re a weirdo,” Dean said, getting up from the floor and regarding his unusual house guest with bemusement for a moment longer before he turned back to the kitchen table for the cleanup.
Castiel felt as if his smiling muscles were working harder than they had in years. He probably looked like an idiot. His brother always said that his most genuine smile made him look like a small child with either a mental disability or recent dental medication. “You’re okay with the steakhouse off Route 40?” Castiel said.
Castiel already had his dick out. Dean licked the underside of Castiel’s stiffening cock, and gripped with one hand and cupped balls with the other, and within a few minutes the tentative hands on his head were heavily invested and pulling hard.
He whistled and occasionally danced as he cleaned up. Twice he caught Castiel looking at him like he’d sprouted extra arms.
“This is all very disturbing to me,” the priest said after a while. “Satan often tempts the unsophisticated by exposing them to the idea of spiritual warfare and then pitting them against a demon they can’t withstand. These dreams represent temptation. You are both being tempted away from your true purpose.”
Apparently telling a woman that you can ‘fix’ why she feels that, in her words ‘you’re not that into sex with me’ is : ‘inflammatory’, ‘insulting’ and ‘a classic example of how hard it is to have a mature conversation about anything, including sex, with you’.
He’d held her hand (with her permission, of course) and encouraged her. Once, she’d winked at him. It had been amazing. Sam loved him so much he had wanted to share his child’s birth and Eileen was cool enough that she’d let him, and it had been, without question, one of the peak experiences of his life.
“I am definitely your friend,” Sam said, and his voice was almost overwhelming in its dear familiarity. I felt like I was getting a hug. Maybe there were more people I knew. How did I know Sam? Was my name really Cas? Everything felt wrong and right at the same time.
“Really don’t know. Oh, look.” He kicked sand over his puke with an apologetic air. He wasn’t being very effective, and Dean felt moved to assist the poor guy, so he kicked sand over the puke, too.
Castiel was earnest; it seemed to be his default setting. “I have to tell you that. The Servant said that even in the landscapes of wickedness beyond the gate, homosexuals need to advise people who they are so they can prevent you from using the toilet if they still care about God’s judgement.”
As they went down the stairs, they could hear Hannah saying, “Gabe, how have you remained an emotional toddler so long! Leave Castiel alone! you’re so mean-spirited!”
“We worship in silence. And for your information, I’m not likely to try to convert you to the ways of the people who threw me out.” He seemed almost snarky.
The family rattled around and chided Cas about dating a sex worker. Gabe was the only one in the family who thought it was a fantastic idea, but Gabe always had been broad-minded.
The volume went up. “Jimmy, I would know you were there, besides which you and Castiel have a different arrangement than Cas and his Jimmy ever did.”
There was a ripping noise, and then the unmistakable flutter of wings. There was a kerosene lamp in most of the rooms for backup, and Dean found and carefully lit it. As he lifted it, he gasped.
“Maybe I can help,” Cas said. He wouldn’t meet Dean’s eyes, and Dean stood in front of him with a muttered curse and put his face threateningly close. “You mad bro?” Cas said, not fazed.
“Oh,” Castiel said. He cautiously lowered himself onto the bed as Dean flung the covers wide. “Turn around,” Castiel said, and put an arm tentatively around Dean. His warmth enveloped Dean, and he sighed, closed his eyes, and was asleep in less than a minute, safe in Castiel’s arms.
“Your grace isn’t dirty,” Dean responded. Maybe his grace was weird and multi-dimensional and not the original grace he was issued with, but it wasn’t like he said. He sighed. “But you think your blended grace is dirty.” He laid his hand on his friend’s wing. Castiel shuddered and went still.
Dean heard himself make a strange noise as air leaked past his vocal cords, and then Castiel chuckled softly.
“That’s more like it,” and in a little under a second Cas was planting a little smooch on the underside of Dean’s cock. Cas briefly sucked the cock head into his mouth and grinned to himself and let go as Dean swore. He licked the underside as much as he could reach and then wetted his tongue and licked thirty times, counting, from taint to spine, across and past Dean’s asshole.
“No,” Castiel said. His relaxed expression had tightened into a troubled squint. “It’s quarter to eight in the morning, it must be your brother Sam.”
Sam and Eileen, having other concerns, didn’t ask too many questions, but Sam had plenty after he dropped by Dean’s apartment for an Eileen-sanctioned break to grab a quick beer, and met Castiel for the first time. Castiel had been so nervous, and so afraid of causing Sam offence, that he did everything but call Sam, ‘sir’.
“I’ll have another drink, thank you,” Castiel said. Eyes narrowed - was he trying to be funny, or did he just have no clue, it was brutally hard to tell - he said, “I have no idea where one of your hugs might lead. Why did you kiss me? I know I’m not supposed to ask, but I have to know.”
Castiel returned, shutting the door very quietly. His eyes were wide and worried. “Your brother’s here,” he whispered with a hint of panic. “He’s talking to Gabe.”
Dean made sure he was in recovery position and then continued on his way to materially support the right of strange men to have sex with each other outdoors after dark. Halfway to his destination, as far as his hazy memory served, he lifted a foot and literally stopped. Something was wrong. With the instincts of a decade as an EMT nipping at his heels, he ran back to the man on the blanket, who was just starting to choke.
“God told me that no matter how bad things get, if you are in my life, I’ll be okay,” Dean said. “Or as close to that as makes no difference. I’m not sophisticated enough to come up with another interpretation. So. You’re a nice Catholic boy. How long do I have to court you before you’ll move in with me?”
He was certainly broad-minded enough to stand up with Cas and Dean during their Vegas wedding, which had an honour guard of exotic dancers, one of whom did a pole dancing routine while smoking a joint (even Gabe was pop-eyed, watching that), and the whole thing was captured on video by drones. “And before you ask,” Dean said, “I’m not putting this on the cam site!”
an amazing puker, but I don’t see what else he’d have against you, Sam’s usually pretty reasonable.”
“Shit,” Dean said, backing away with eyes wide. “I - yeah, follow me,” and he got into his car like an automaton.
“Do you always put your friends first?” Cas asked. It was almost flirtatious, but Dean didn’t take it as a compliment.
“Ooo, I want extra of that,” Dean murmured. Castiel was now rather awkwardly trying to fit himself into Dean’s lap, like a Great Dane convinced it was a terrier. Dean spoke against his neck. “I was being a dick. Of course you can have a house key. I just worry about you, being so recently out of a really horrible cult. Y’know we could break this chair.”
“Pam Barnes,” Dean said, handing over the business card. Cas set it down and took a photo with his phone.
The man stretched his arms up, briefly simulating an angel falling. Sand, remnants of previous falls, twinkled like glitter as it shed from his arms and shoulders. He ran down the log and then fell into the sand. Almost instantly he got up, said, “How invigorating!” in a pleased voice, and then he puked in a continuous stream like a sideways-blowing geyser for eight seconds, by Dean’s count. He was an EMT, he couldn’t help it; even drunk, he tracked a total stranger’s vitals. Dean burst into a slow clap as he moved toward the man.
Then, as if mentioning the Bible brought the thought into his mind, Castiel said, “I must tell you something, before you let me use the restroom. I was cast out of Haven because I confessed to homosexual feelings.”
Her reaction when she’d learned they were sleeping in the same bed but not having sex – Castiel had let it drop, which surprised Dean – had really stuck in Dean’s craw. He wrinkled his nose as he thought of her.
Dean couldn’t remember the last time he’d bought weed. As he recollected he’d bought a dime bag in a hotel bar parking lot; it was stale and gave him a headache, but the woman he’d picked up for the evening had insisted.
Cas, flushed from embarrassment, cut into the spate of unwelcome words. “Gabe, you’re being rude. You’ve seen Dean’s workplace, it’s not imaginary, we can go now.”
“You are very good to me,” Castiel said humbly, and Dean got that, ‘Damn, he’s hot!’ feeling again in his gut.
“My mother never read another book besides the Bible after we went to Haven,” Castiel said, still looking at the books. “Although the times she went to the doctor she read the magazine on the seat next to hers.”
Dean: This all started with you going into my confidential records, I always figured having a record of the conversation fluffed your feathers.
“My mom told me to talk to you. If she doesn’t think you’re a predator you probably aren’t. Don’t you get queer bashed?”
“Very well and very hard,” Cas said. They started to walk around to a side door, to Dean’s visible relief. “The first night we had sex you said you had plans for that mouth. If it was a line, it sure worked.”
Cas answered the question about which weed was best for sex often enough. “Strawberry Cough, Granddaddy Purple, or Ultimate Trainwreck.”
He jumped to his feet and said, “Is this the guy? So you’re the Archangel Michael? Why the hell not, you could pull it off.”
“Anytime!” Dean replied, grinning. Watching his dick disappear below Castiel’s plump and plush upper lip was definitely something he could look forward to with avid anticipation.
“I understand the anger. I do. Maybe you’ll get over it. But they’re older than you and if you don’t reach out, the choice may be taken away from you, anyway. I don’t have much in the way of family - just a half-brother who lives two states away and a little brother with a new baby. I’d love to have more. Even if they ended up being people I only called twice a year! Could you think about trying? As a favor to me? It’s important enough you shouldn’t put it off… but if they are shitheads you don’t have to waste another thought on them.”
“I thought Castiel had gotten bored, or that was enough of an experiment for him. And of course,” Dean added, glaring at Jimmy, “I wouldn’t have kissed you at all if I’d known it was you.”
“What the hell,” Dean said flatly. “I ain’t Christ. I ain’t even Christ-like. In fact, I’d have to say that damned near every adult male I know – with the exception of my Dad – is closer to being Christ-like than me.”
“I can’t take a thousand chickens,” Dean said in mounting horror. He scooted out from under the car and sat up.
As soon as he was clear of the door, Dean turned to Gabe and said, “Okay, what the hell did you say to Sam?”
Dean stayed another half hour, and then as quietly as he could, let himself out. His last thought as he gently pressed the crash bar on his way out, was to pray to God that Cas got the guidance he wanted, and the strength.
By unspoken mutual agreement, they quit talking about dating and quit prodding each other with sex talk. Castiel hated that Dean was right. He wasn’t supposed to be dating. He wasn’t ready, although he longed for physical contact in a way that shook him and saddened him and woke him up stiff as a tree.
“Not if you’re going to be calling yourself a rent boy,” Cas said. “You’re every day of thirty-five, Dean, you don’t get away with calling yourself that.”
“’kay,” Dean said, and Castiel apparently gave up trying to gently instil table manners in his host, and turned his attention to his own food.
Cas knew Dean tended to bail on difficult conversations, but would call again, needing reassurance, usually within a day. Now he was blocking Cas’s calls. The address he’d given on his sign-up sheet had been false; no surprise there.
Gabe looked grey and subdued when Sam returned him. Sam flicked his eyes over their damp hair and obviously post-clean-up state but chose not to say anything, although his hazel gaze pierced Dean to the core and Dean
After, Dean told him that was what the stare had been for, trying to determine the location of the key chain. Sometimes, when you were an EMT, knowing how to get into or how to secure a gun safe or other lock box would save your life and someone else’s down the line.
how I know that. She’s done all the latest research on trans people, polyamory friendly, up to date on her vaccinations, blah blah blah,” and Castiel bit his lip and then he gave up and laughed.
“A bigger concession,” Dean said, his voice rising in volume, “than me trying to not freak the fuck out after you springing on me that some dude living in a corner of your head wants to bone me? And that this means you hand over control of the vessel but you’re watching on Pornhub live for the duration?” Dean coughed and laughed at the same time. “I mean, how the fuck would any of that work, let alone stay a secret, what with Sam and Rowena poking around and asking me if I’m okay all the fucking time.”
“Like what?” Castiel said. His lips were less than a foot away, and Dean was just drunk enough to look at them a little longer than he should.
At home, much later, Cas looked up from the draftsman’s table he’d inherited from his father, an architect, and thought about Dean.
“I have my other aunt’s phone number, and also for a couple of cousins. She’s going to call them first so they’re expecting to hear from me. And now I think I’ll make a cup of tea.”
Castiel did not sound himself. “What?” Dean had blackout curtains on his windows because he was part vampire, he admitted it. But he didn’t want to experience this without seeing his lover, that screamed
“Look,” Dean said, “You’re already fabulously sexy and incredibly handsome, but you’ve been getting haircuts with farm tools for two decades, so feel free to refresh your look.”
“Last night I dreamed that I was cast down into hell,” Cas said. Dean shivered from head to foot. The motion did not go unnoticed by the other two men. “I fell for what seemed like a very long time, into a pit. Smoking red chains grew from the wall like vines and I knew I was going to be a prisoner forever, tormented with my sin.”
“Might I be so bold as to enquire,” Dr. Novak said in that calm, gentle, deep voice, “As to how you became the owner of a thousand chickens?”
Cas walked over to it and started flipping through them. Some were canvas, some were plastic, some looked cut down from bigger backdrops, but it was thousands and thousands of dollars of material, let alone artwork.
“Apart from my family, it’s the thing I miss most. When you’re a vessel, you’re awake when your angel is – which is all the time. I have physical contact with you, which is very calming even though I’m sleeping through it, and I sleep, REM sleep, which is very restful, and I dream, which gives me new experiences I can think about while I’m not driving.”
So he was alone with whatever this problem was. It was just him and Castiel, although Rowena popped in now and again for research and a proper cup of tea. He might need Rowena.
After the birth, he felt high, altered from normal reality, altered from the privilege of being there, of holding little Mary. He felt in tune with the whole world, for the first time in years. Dean left the happy new family and their cheerful, competent midwives to unwind and bond and he staggered out of the apartment at three in the morning, stunned by joy.
Dean: It’s flirting Castiel I’m not going to run into the town square and yell that you’re being unfaithful to your dead husband.
“That sweet-faced baby bro of yours helped you set up your cam-boy business,” he managed, after a second.
“Anyway, I have news,” Castiel said. “While you were out, the phone rang, so I answered it, and it was Naomi. She told me that the refugee family she took in prevented an armed man from entering her home. They stole his gun and his car and his phone, shot holes in his shoes and made him walk home. He was looking for you and intends to shoot you dead, although Horacio and Hilario let him know that wasn’t a smart idea.”
tic! like the world just became a better place, and I’m a better person just because Mary is in it.”
Maybe 45 minutes later, Castiel was knocking gently on his door. Dean opened up and Castiel looked at him like he could laugh and cry and dance all at the same time. His face was pink and his eyes were shining.
Dean had never felt the weight of the suffering Sam had experienced over the course of his life more than in that moment.
Sam came close to losing it. “May I come in? You realize you have to check out in about four minutes and that means you have to get your one night stand back into his clothes,” Sam said, shaking his head and almost smiling in his dismay.
“This is for someone else — nothing for yourself,” Cas said. He tilted his head slowly, as if trying to intuit what Dean would need cannabis for.
“Yeah, Cas.” He didn’t bother with the rest of his name, and it was a relief to lose it in the mists of ‘ten minutes ago’. “All of these books are mine.”
“Winchester!” Castiel said, trying to warn him off, as Dean approached him. Dean shrugged and ignored him. “C’mon up, we’ll get you back to our room.”
Dean spent a moment recovering his ability to talk and keeping his expression neutral. He took a deep breath and said, “Thank you for telling me, but it’s not required for you to tell me or anyone that.”
Castiel rested his hand over Dean’s for a second in silent sympathy, and poured him a cup of coffee. “Well, I got to watch over you while you slept, which was …” and he paused.
The situation was farcical, but if he got to date Dean at the end of it, it would be worth every ghastly noseful of chicken stench until it was all cleaned up. “God, no, but there’s a high, tight fence, and hopefully my recent appointment to the County Board of Health will prevent me from getting anything but an earful from my neighbors – and whatever the outcome, the County Supervisor will probably put me on blast, as the kids say, but if they’re all gone within a couple of days, it’ll be fine.” Castiel splayed a hand at the flock of chickens. “They’re White Leghorns. The most popular egg-laying chicken in the world. They’ve got about two more years of egg-laying in them and then they can live as pets for another four to six after that. I need to get some mobile coops and then we are good to go.”
“I want you to do whatever gives you the most pleasure. I want to lick your beautiful asshole and then stretch you out with a nice big dildo and then I want to fuck you until you feel me melt inside your belly.”
For a second, Dean almost laughed. Then his expression changed to one of wonder. “Fuck, Cas, what’s gotten into you?”
“I’m allowed to call a man whose dick I just sucked ‘sweetheart’, sweetheart,” Dean said, a hint of a frown on his face.
Dean grinned and occasionally laughed aloud as his strong hands and thumbs found new pleasure points on Castiel’s feet and the moans went up and down in tone and volume.
He took a breath and made the mistake of saying what was in his heart, “You asshole! I wanna marry Cas!”
The smell was ungodly, even for someone like Dean, used to crawling through vamp nests and rugaru dens. He started experimentally squeezing it a little, like the most atrocious zit in history, and probably another cup of pure demonic horror came out, expanding and steaming and hissing as it departed from Castiel’s body.  It slowly started to evaporate, thank god; Dean had already been dreading the prospect of policing that mess up.
His pulse thundered and he sighed into Cas’s mouth. Every sense yielded astonishment. The toothpaste flavour giving way to Cas’s true essence made him fiendishly horny, thinking of how amazing his dick must taste if his mouth was so tasty. The sting from Cas’s five o’clock shadow told him, you wanted a man and here he is, hot and strong and ready for you. The salty starburst that went off in his mouth when he licked the head of Cas’s cock almost made his eyes roll back in his head. He smelled like the memory of a perfect dream.
“Uh,” said Dean. “Yeah.” He didn’t exactly launch himself up the stairs but he wasn’t waiting to be oversold, that was for sure.
“I don’t even know if they’re healthy,” Dean said, with a little desperation in his voice. “I assumed so, but I’ll have more confidence once a professional takes a look.” He gave Castiel the address.
Sam rounded on his brother with a look of astonished irritation.“Castiel flew you around the cosmos visiting his favourite places with you, and it wasn’t that big a deal?”
“I need a way of making a living. I know you won’t punch me in your car, since you don’t want my blood on it, but there’s something else I have to tell you that you’re not going to like.”
“You’re the man who rescued a thousand chickens, Dean!” Castiel said, with sincere appreciation. Dean wasn’t impressed with himself and muttered, “Less the ones who died.”
“What, so people will think I feel the same way about you that Sam feels about Rowena? You got your ceremony, I’ll get mine, hopefully with fewer gate-crashers.”
“I’m not. You may surprise me into saying something stupid, but I don’t intend to crowd your coming out process, which includes how you have sex with men.”
His anonymous buddy clung to him, his eyes squinting and timid, and Dean said to him, “Let’s cross the street, my hotel room’s over there.”
Dean’s week-old STI test results were in the glovebox; he offered them up to Cas with a wave. “I ain’t scared of your germs if you ain’t scared of mine.”
He kicked a stone out of his way and looked dour. “You didn’t do anything wrong. And I’m not angry with you.”
“I understand that if I complain about the best thing that ever happened to me I’ll probably get what I deserve,” Dean said fatalistically.
“Septic. Wow. When you’re a homophobe, Michael, you’re really not at your best.” Cas pulled his door keys off Michael’s key ring and handed it back to him.
“Oh. Oh ho. Oh, yes that was very funny, say it again,” the man cackled. His laughter was so infectious that Dean was smiling. “Jesus fucking Christ in tit clamps,” Dean repeated slowly, as if he was teaching a useful phrase in English to a newcomer, this time with a big smile rather than sounding horrified. They laughed for a long time, and it felt like a long needed release of tension.
As if in response to his thoughts, the bunker became lighter, and now he seemed hemmed in by sweetly scented wisps of grey fog. More feathers came out of Castiel than seemed physically possible, and they were falling or floating everywhere.
Dean fell apart in front of Castiel. His expression of utter surprise, almost horror, lasted only a fraction of a second, before he mastered himself. “I never thought about it.”
Dean riffed on that. “And since the priest pretty much kicked us out when we wouldn’t agree with him that it had to be a demonic message, we ended up here.”
Dean said, “How can a dick be ‘admirable’? It’s not like it helps little old ladies cross the street.”
There was a hideous silence. The stars continued to be beautiful. “Something tells me,” Dean said, “That I’m about to find out about the stuff you couldn’t tell me. Who’s this?”
It felt weird to be pulling up to an actual weed store, with a big green marijuana leaf on the door, and
“Darn you with your terrible but really effective logic,” Dean said, hijacking the saying of grace. “Lord, thank you for the food we eat and the company we share it with.”
There was a long pause. In a tone implying Castiel was more ashamed of himself than he ought to be, he said, “I’m very nervous using the telephone. I wasn’t allowed to use the phone at Haven.”
Before he could dial back his reaction, he laughed bitterly and said, “Easier than putting me first.” More customers came in and Dean smiled, nodded, and left without saying goodbye.
They didn’t talk about the physical aspects of how they were together much, or indeed, ever. Castiel was used to nestmates and sleeping communally; there wasn’t anything sexual about it for him, just the comfort of someone’s presence while he rested. Every once in a long while Castiel felt more physically affectionate than that. They had kissed a few times, memorably, and it was agonizing for Dean, because he’d promised himself that he’d accept what was offered without complaint or resentment, and because despite his closeness to Castiel he felt incapable of having a proper conversation about it. There were too many ways things could get misunderstood, too many sharp edges, and too much angry grief held in check by a thread, to make anything easy.
It was a little thing, just his houseguest getting up and doing stuff in the kitchen, but he was wearing Dean’s clothes, and Castiel making tea while wearing Dean’s clothes did something weird to his innards.
Castiel came to, and after struggling to speak for a moment, took the water from Dean and said, “You shouldn’t have said that.” He drank a few sips and set it down.
“Relax,” Cas said. “I’m practically family. You know, nightly phone calls? Morning check-ins? Selling weed to your brother twice a month - and your
“He asked me,” the man said. This time Dean wanted to kiss that owlish look off his face, and managed to remember over his drunken lust that the guy had just finished upchucking a fuckton of shitty open-bar-alcohol.
“Your reputation has been saved, hallelujah. Now, let’s plan our real wedding and really give Sam something to cry about.”
“Well, you need someplace where you can keep the chickens while you’re waiting for people to pick them up. Otherwise they freak out and get respiratory distress and die.”
“You were planning on dragging it out for a couple of weeks?” Dean asked in mock disbelief. “I figure you’d dump me once you found I didn’t meet your standards.”
Gabe took a beat to respond, enjoying Dean’s discomfiture, and said, “I don’t have a functioning credit card.”
Castiel, fussier, took longer. Dean stood behind him and fondled him from his belt line to his neck, no pinching, just stroking and gentle squeezing, nothing to make him jump. “You better not make me cut myself,” Castiel growled, which Dean felt in his dick, so he backed off.
He gestured toward his bedroom door, and Gabe gave a feral grin that flashed his moustache in a cartoon way. “Aw hell naw,” Gabe said. “You and I are going to talk in your car.”
“You’re telling me,” Dean said. “He’s got twenty years of free porn to catch up on.” His reward was Sam screwing up his face in a classic judgemental bitch glare.
It was all pretty much as Dean had said on the phone. He and Perry negotiated a price for a couple of poultry crooks, long yellow hooks to allow them to grab a chicken without having to run around chasing it.  Sam texted Dean and said he had a truck lined up and a driver, all for the next day. Now they needed a place to transfer the chickens.
“I hope you two don’t mind if I talk to the only other person on earth who might understand what happened to me last night, in private,” and now Cas sounded distinctly pissy.
“Fuck me,” Dean said blankly. It was a palace, an estate, a mansion, ‘one hell of an imposing pile’ as Bobby would say. Whatever it was, it was huge; you could park three tour buses side by side in the driveway and still have room to manoeuvre.
“Like that makes it better? I can be jerking off in front of fifteen hundred people at a time, I don’t find that dates consider that an improvement on, you know, taking ‘em on in ones and twos.”
“I was pretty drunk. I wasn’t in any shape to remember any lines I might’a memorized; I think you got that one for free,” Dean said.
The woman’s voice was warm and disarming. “Not exactly, dear, but you’ll be asleep for half the life of the universe if we lose you this time, and I don’t think Dean’ll be able to manage without you for that long.”
“No,” Castiel said, but he sounded conflicted. Dean laughed again, which was mean of him, he acknowledged. He had tasted those lips, and at least satisfied his curiosity, even if it meant that his devastatingly handsome but hopelessly square roommate was off the menu.
“You’re my cousin,” Castiel said. “You can hurt me, but I can’t hate you. I can decide I don’t want to see you any more, but that won’t mean I hate you.”
I felt as if I had just come awake, and yet I was standing, fully dressed, looking out a second story window into a burned-out house. There was a man standing next to me. He felt familiar, but I turned to look at him because I thought perhaps I might still be dreaming. He grinned at me and bounced on the balls of his feet a couple of times, like a well-prepared fighter, willing the fight to come to him. I needed not to be dreaming anymore. Just seeing the man made my thoughts split apart inside me and I didn’t know why. I said, “Who are you?”
It was remarkable how easily Sam shifted from asking, earnestly, ‘How can you move in together when you don’t actually know each other!’ to an inquisitive, ‘So when are you two lovebirds getting hitched?’ to an even more nosy, ’Any more thoughts about kids?’ to the logistical, ’Let’s send the kids to the same summer camp’.
“Holy shit,” Dean said blankly. He couldn’t tell whether it was grim humour or Castiel being literal.
Dean slapped his hands on his knees, like he was getting ready to go. “If you want to tell me this dream was from Satan, I’m going to beg to differ and wish you a good evening.” He rose.
Cas nodded, and then stared at Dean with a level, intent gaze. After a while he said, “Why are you taking me in?”
“It’s personal,” the man said. “But I think I can safely say that I’m praying for strength tonight.”
For one brief little eternity Castiel looked into his eyes and saw that desire. Gabe coughed and said, “For Chrissakes, guys, you have company.”
“Is this likely to happen again?” Inias asked pointedly. He was a great employee, but he had his limits.
“What did I do or say that made you so angry with me?” I said, as soon as I didn’t think we could be overheard.
“No, you’re exactly too smart to get dragged into it,” Cas said, with emphasis. “And I will love you, until the end of time, and possibly beyond it, for what you did getting that key back. You’ve made an enemy for life in my brother, though.”
“This is the man from your dream?” Hannah said. Her reaction was much more muted than Gabe’s. Her eyes became large and thoughtful.
“Wow,” Dean said, a smile blossoming on his face. “That sounds…. I never downsized after Sammy moved out; you can have your own room.”
Cas laughed aloud. “This is just a test!” he said, still laughing. “No, of course not. You don’t have to. You don’t need to say it. Not if you don’t feel it. You embody it, that’s all. The way you hold me, kiss me, pass me pepper, bring me coffee, disagree with me, throw popcorn at me, throw your arm around me – “
“Ex-boyfriend’s wedding party.” The enunciation was so precise it hurt; he was radiating alcohol, all flushed and shiny.
Castiel was immense and he was tiny. He felt like a tick clinging to a deer, as it bounded, swift and purposeful, through a forest. He felt Castiel’s thoughts come at him like a warm hand holding him up: “You are mine, and I am yours, and you are saving me by doing this.”
Sam repeated it, slowly, like a tourist afraid that he’s saying something really rude in a foreign language. “It all happened in the context of a discussion. Cas,” Sam added, sounding helpless. His voice sharpened and he said, “Who proposed?”
“Goddamn it,” Dean said. He decided to scare Gabe a little. “Don’t think I won’t make Castiel check.”
“Dean, inexperienced people transporting chickens means dead chickens. Please do not mistake your good-hearted gesture for a sensible course of action.”
“What, his investment didn’t pay off?” Dean asked shrewdly. “He’s all butthurt ‘cause you decided you’re not priest material?”
It was a hassle, checking out of the other hotel. Some of the other wedding guests were leaving and they bitched Cas out right in the lobby. Dean, who’d been doing his best to be inconspicuous, marched up to one of the ex's random friends and said, “Wanna free punch in the nose?”
Then Sam had married Eileen, and he was tetherless. He’d always been a little wild. The brothers fought, always away from Sam’s growing family.
“I’m dead!?” I shouted. Now I was a little excited, because I knew I was not the kind of person who expected to come back from the dead. I didn’t know much about myself, and nothing for sure about what was happening to me, but I knew that.
Dean returned to his point. “I haven’t told Sam, and given that he’s liable to leave at any moment if a childhood friend or relative can come through for him - who isn’t Gabe, I personally will stab Gabe in the neck and call it self defence, if he tries to convince Castiel to leave with him - I didn’t see much point. ‘Yeah, hey, Sam, there was this cool guy here for a couple of weeks, too bad you missed ‘im.”
“Perhaps for you. I feel like I don’t know anything. I’m coming back to the world after a long prison sentence, and I’d like to bring myself up to date.”
Dean: What the hell dude I have every intention of dating you but your hub ded less than a yr ago & I’m not intrested in a rebound.
Dean shut that shit down and bought Castiel a milkshake from the burger joint to keep his mouth too busy to compose a hymn of praise. “Stop,” Dean said, as Castiel made another effort to thank him. “You’re embarrassing me.”
Dean quirked an eyebrow, just so. “Maybe, but we’re all here and Sam’s sitting down. Explain what was happening back at the ranch while he was getting an oil change at Rowena’s.”
The farmer obliged. In the same booming voice he said, “Ya got two days, I only got feed for that long and the foreclosure’s in a week, so, ya been warned.” The farmer hung up, no doubt to deal with some other disaster on the farm he was about to lose.
There was a little halt in time, before they crashed into each other, only to back away to get their shirts off. They sloppy-kissed while dragging each other slowly up the bed, rolling each other over in a cross between a puppy brawl and a full-on demonstration of hominid dominance. They both collected some bruises.
“Not as brutal as Sam will be,” Benny said. He had homestyle ribs and Andrea’s killer cole slaw for lunch, the kind she made with busted up ramen noodles in it, but Dean didn’t envy him any more than he envied Garth’s vegan lentil stew. (Garth: ‘Cheap! nourishing! good for the planet!’ Benny: ‘Makes you fart like an old horse.’)
Dean was just impaired enough to tell him. “Because whenever I tell people I’m dating I’m bisexual, I get the brush-off.”
I heard what was apparently my own voice. It sounded very strange, and then I realized that I was hearing my voice from when I had my memories. I sounded much smarter and more confident. He was the person they wanted to rescue. Whatever I was now? That would be extinguished and the one they really wanted would be recovered. That was what they wanted. They didn’t want me. Dean didn’t want me.
And if Benny and Garth teased the living crap out of him until the big hand swung around to the twelve and the little hand swung around to the five, it was marginally better than worrying about Cas when he was obviously fine, and not going to run off with his cousin, who didn’t really look like he had it in him to kidnap Castiel, even if he was the most annoying little asshole since … ever. Castiel was going home to cook him dinner. His little domestic fantasy would stay in play a day longer, and maybe after Gabe left Cas might feel relaxed enough to feel like necking.
Sam stopped first, of course. “Really, it’s none of your business,” Sam said, shaking his head just a little. “But I guess you do have to know, so we are officially friends with benefits. There, the dog’s out. Can she sleep over in my room now?” His cheekbones got all pointy, as they did when his smile was not so nice.
Gabe made a face that was almost guilty. Dean supplied his own opinion. “That’s okay, he was planning on asking you to borrow the money to loan to him against your inheritance.”
“I’m terrified. Usually I’ve banged ‘em - or vice versa - and gone home by now and we’ve been doing whatever this is for months and I’m afraid that you’re just not going to …”
“Hey, cousin Jimmy!” the man said, spotting him behind Dean. “Thought there was no time like the present to talk to you about your amazing opportunity.” He dodged Dean and went straight to Castiel.
“What? No! I’m the last person to give advice to anyone! Be free and happy! There’s an old saying, I was told it was Spanish, ‘Take what you want and pay for it!’” and I’m living proof of that, I got the best deal on chickens in history and got totally hosed anyway.”
“I’ll think about it,” Castiel said. He ate a lot slower than Dean, that was for sure. “What about you, what do you have on for today?”
Customers told him that, through Dean, he’d given them relief from pain and anxiety and writer’s block and other personal and private matters they’d rather not mention.
Dean looked up the vet clinic number. He expected a veterinary technician to answer, or the answering service, not the man whose enormous blue eyes, shown inches from a puppy’s face, had graced the front page of the town weekly.
“Your soul makes you bigger on the inside than even God could say for sure,” Castiel thought, and they paused in their headlong flight to stare up at a beautiful nebula.
It was an awesome way to spend time with Castiel in between bouts of fucking, Dean thought. Dean started rubbing Castiel’s feet (they were sticking in his face, it seemed like the right thing to do) and Castiel completely relaxed like a wilting flower, it was so sweet, and then he started moaning gently, which was alternately extremely arousing and cute.
All I could feel was anger, and confusion, and longing, but in the end only the confusion made sense. Nothing else did. If I didn’t know
Dean: I’d like to date you but grief is hard and kinda all-consuming and it’s a tough thing to share a person with.
She wasn’t here to help or hinder right now, whether she was on speed dial or not. He found his flashlight and looked for Castiel. Dean heard a groan, a heartstopping noise that made it sound like he was crazed with pain, and he finally located him in a corner of the library. There was a fluttering noise, but he didn’t rise. He seemed surrounded by shadows, and Dean’s heart started to hammer. What had gotten into the bunker that could hurt Castiel?
They went upstairs. Dean fitted his hand into Cas’s as they stood next to each other, and he waited with fear and amusement for what Cas would say.
“What?” Dean said. Castiel extended a finger and said, “Her! that’s my aunt Naomi! she’s on the board of trustees at her church!”
Within a week, they were texting daily, usually once first thing in the morning and once sometime in the evening, usually around nine o’clock.
Dean’s voice became low and level. “I haven’t thought about it. You’re right, I’m not really looking all that far ahead.”
“Well, if it’s unprecedented, how do know you’re gonna die?” Dean asked, with what he thought was calm logic.
Castiel sighed. “Then you hacked my chains off, and drew back your arm and pushed the sword through my heart and body, and I woke up.”
“You better,” and with that, the old man turned around and went back into the office. He deliberately stood on the part of the half-step up that squeaked like a mouse saying ‘Idjit!’ as he went by, and Dean winced to himself.
“Do you want to hold her?” Eileen said, and Dean felt two tears leak out as he gingerly took the baby in his arms for the first time and looked at her.
“I would never be so crass as to say that aloud,” Cas said. The train passed and the bar lifted and Cas realized it just in time to get his car started.
They were all friendly, down-to-earth people. Dean was an attractor for quality, it seemed. His brother Sam was a delight, seeming to spring to life in front of Cas from Dean’s many lightning sketches of him. Charlie made him laugh out loud the first time they met.
Castiel was already pink from the shots; now he positively glowed. “You’re teasing me again,” he said. He looked away.
Suddenly I could hear Dean’s voice again. “Cas recorded overtop of the end of the mixtape I gave him. Sam, you’ll have to translate the Enochian.”
“I mean, holy shit,” Dean said, in a quiet, worried way. He took another deep breath, almost shaking like a dog for the briefest time. He recollected that he was being a host. There was no way he could verbally deal with the hate Castiel so casually mentioned, so he concentrated on being hospitable. “Your towel and washcloth are here, your toothbrush is here,” and he pulled a new one out of the cupboard, “And here’s a new comb, sheesh! I’m a pack rat, now that I’ve got my own place. You can use this soap and this shampoo and take as long as you like. I’ll set some clothes just inside the door for you in a couple of minutes. I’m going to work on soup.”
Dean ‘hmmed’. “Good thing, too, or I wouldn’t have had enough to grab hold of to keep you in the land of the living.”
into torching their bongs like vengeful gods of smoke and flame, they could get to the weed store on their lonesome. Or words to that effect, he was kinder than that.
He didn’t want to, but if he got a roommate and didn’t tell Sam, there’d be hell to pay later. He dropped the information very casually, not like he was halfway to being in love with his gentle, weird, incredibly hot new friend.
Over his first cup of coffee, which his coffee-maker had dispensed as he woke, Dean Winchester looked at his tablet and saw an ad in the local on-line buy ‘n’ sell app and thought, hey, cheap chickens. Because his still-meat-eating, but otherwise-granola-granny brother was thinking about adding more chickens to his backyard zoo/farm, and this looked like a good bet as a gift. He followed the link to a website, ignored everything on the page but the place to enter a bid and his phone number and a credit card number, and entered in a bid of $20. He belatedly checked the website to make sure it said ‘https’ and was therefore secure for a credit card transaction, noted with relief that it was, and went about his day.
“No,” Castiel said. “But they never came looking for me, either.” Dean thought blankly that perhaps Castiel was not a total wuss.
Dean shrugged. He was half-snapped himself, having abandoned his own baby brother’s wedding reception after a quick check to see if he might be walking distance from a place he might partake of some anonymous outdoor sex.
Dean felt the rage build again. “Wait a minute, wait a fucking minute. If you already stole the money from him, and the mob’s on the way here because Naomi knows where you are…. why are you still here? Are you emptying my bank accounts?”
saved Castiel’ and Dean got bored easily. He wasn’t a hero; he was a lucky stiff. That was his story and he stuck to it.
“We are not!” Dean said. He dragged Cas up the stairs into his office, glared at the three men looking up at them, and smashed down the blinds with an angry gesture.
Dean shrugged. “C’mon, what happened wasn’t his fault, or yours, and neither of you would even be alive if Cas hadn’t stashed that grace in my ribs.”
Dean giggled guiltily, hearing about it later. Months after, he bought Inias earplugs and a sleep mask for Christmas, and openly wondered if there was any surviving surveillance footage of Cas during their epic ‘Meet Puke’. Inias woodenly said, “Do you want me to try to locate that, sir?” and frowned as Cas and Dean looked at each other and Cas said, “The vase in the hotel.”
Dean: I had big plans to not get raunchy & they were nice while they lasted. So…. top bottom non-pen or vers?
“They poop a lot, Dean. Like, more than seems possible, and a fuckton more often than necessary, in my opinion.” Sam hardly ever swore, but he had to shovel chicken shit once a week or it got too gross for words in his little backyard hobby farm/zoo, which he’d thought would be fun for the kids, and just meant tons of dirty physical work for him and Eileen. But Eileen loved the goddamned chickens, and so did the kids, and, hey! eggs!
Castiel: Who cheated on me with a 25yo man, who then came to the funeral and made a sad situation histrionic and farcical.
“What?” Sam said, looking rapidly between the two of them. He narrowed his eyes and focussed on Castiel.
“I’m going to save every goddamned chicken that I can,” Dean said, after he hung up the phone. He blew out a big sigh, and called his brother.
“Not ratholes, chicken coops,” Dean said. He ran the tip of his tongue over an inch of the top of Cas’s left ear, and Cas trembled down to his socks.
“I don’t see how you could be,” Dean said. He was still amused, but he wasn’t laughing any more. “Okay, I understand. You have different standards than I do, and it’s just as well, if we’re roommates – we probably shouldn’t be fooling around.”
He tried not to drool but Gabe caught something on his face, obviously, because his smirk went from unusually vacant to being a little more tight, and less obvious. Dammit.
The wings, now bald, were pink and grey in a sort of broad camouflage pattern, or like the skin of a pig, maybe. An angel-piggy? That made Dean shake his head at himself. His wings had brushed against Dean’s clothing and face as he’d had struggled to stay upright, so he knew they were dense and muscular, and radiating heat.
After Dean pulled out his sticky note, Cas said, “Are you buying marijuana for all of your friends now?”
“You burst into my room after Dean and I had sex in it. Is that an untoward response – a man vigorously defending the privacy of the man he loves?”
Dean took over. He grunted with irritation and said, “Not that it’s any of your fucking business, but we wanted to try to remember every detail of both dreams to see if there were any messages we missed.” Growing up with an alcoholic sure made a man good at spinning a rapid and plausible lie.
Dean was talking shop as if it was no big thing. Cas heaved his prejudices over a very tall fence and took a breath. Before he could say a word, Dean was off again.
“Until Sam met Eileen, you guys lived together and you told him everything,” Benny said. “Sam’s going to be pissed you clammed up.”
“I want you to touch me some more,” the man said, almost menacingly. All that vomiting was making his voice raspy. Dean laughed once. “Are you sure you’ve finished pukin’? I’d hate to touch you and have to pay extra to clean this puppy.” He gestured at what was left of his rented tux.
The drive down to Arlington was amazing. The weather couldn’t have been more splendid and sunny, with a beautiful breeze and big puffy clouds, and the miles rolled away while they talked and laughed. They pulled over at a rest stop on the US side of the border and blew each other in the front seat of the Impala after Dean put up the window inserts, which blocked people from looking in.
a family without the cheap physical stuff, unless you’re paying for in vitro fertilization,” Cas said patiently.
Dean pulled the key from the keychain. He’d known this guy approximately three minutes and he was giving him his key and he didn’t even feel foreboding about it. “Don’t get conned.”
There was that gentle shrug again. He patted Dean’s shoulder and said, “I’ll give you your privacy.”
“You can fuck me,” Dean said. “I just didn’t expect that, and you sounded so apologetic - that’s what made me laugh. Leave the lights off. I didn’t mean to make you stop.” It seemed easier to talk to him like this, warm and gently teasing, in the dark.
A normal day included coffee, working out, a shower with a carefully choreographed routine including his teeth and hair and toes and armpits, donning long sleeved tan overalls with “Bobby’s Garage” embroidered on the pocket, and driving to said garage in his black ‘67 Impala, stock but for the tape deck and the air-conditioning, and the decades of love and care the obsessive men of his family had lavished on a car who already had a personality and was probably achieving sentience as the odometer crept upward.
Three nights later, Dean had the most intense dream he’d ever had in his entire life. It started with a space battle, or what looked like it, enormous ships whipping past each other and firing energy bolts; then his perspective shifted, or his vision cleared, and he realized that it was angels fighting demons. Cas appeared in front of him, hanging in mid-air. He seemed to be a commander among the angels. “You should not be here!” He could feel that voice go through his skin and bones.
“Oh, yes I should,” Dean said. “Wait right here,” and he found his hands shaking as he got the ring out of the keepsake box in the top of his dresser.
“Not the town drunk, the town character, and you should see him in real life!” Sue said, in a rather vulgar tone.
“I didn’t do much on that list. My hand has a terrible cramp, I’ve been writing all morning. I hope you don’t mind? I made and drank another whole pot of coffee.”
The cop behind him laughed and said to his partner, “What the hell was he doing sleeping on the beach? It isn’t even
Dean could not have taken his eyes from Cas’s face with a gun to his head. Hardly daring to breathe, he murmured, “Go on.”
“Nothing. There is a speck of – demonic energy which is acting like a – bathtub plug. Under – natural circumstances – water runs downhill and – the energy to have a molt – on this plane –works the same way – it naturally flows into my wings. The –”
Gabe made puppy eyes. “I have to tell Castiel that I stole from him. I want you to be there when I tell him, for emotional support.”
“What? Why? Because I don’t want you to call me Dean?” he said, angry and frightened into his bones.
Castiel squirmed. “NO! No, you can’t. It has to leave – without violence – or it could make all the points of contact – between the etheric plane and – my wings collapse – or explode.”
“I don’t know how to be happy,” Dean said. “I just know I’m more miserable without you, and I’m never letting that happen again, now that Jack helped us hit the reset button.”
I heard myself gasp. Dean shot me a glance and then looked back at the ground. “Then we got you back, finally, with help from Jack, and you looked at me like it never happened… and for you, it never did! I… just can’t cope with it.”
Castiel rose and fetched another mug, asked his cousin how he took it, and put it in front of him. They sat down, Castiel frowning at Dean as he rolled his eyes.
“I can’t stop you from being sad, but I can definitely kiss you,” Dean said. They kissed for a long time, rocking back and forth in each other’s arms. Castiel put his head down again, and Dean smiled into his hair. “Too much for you?” he said, teasing gently.
Cas said, “You really don’t want to go in there, do you? You don’t have to. I’ll put you up at a nice hotel.”
Dean turned on his back and chuckled aloud at the thought maybe he’d accidentally get lucky. Instead he got a very bizarre massage. It continued for many minutes; Dean felt very calm and happy; it wasn’t really like sex at all, even apart from Castiel not truly being awake to stop it or consent or whatever. Dean let himself enjoy being fondled and pressed down by his soft, strong, warm wings, which were ever so slowly starting to grow feathers and down.
Dean’s voice reached into the bottom of his register and scraped along the ground for a while. “Either way my drinking will always be the perfect break up excuse.”
“I can’t believe she’d put her phone number on a church website,” Dean said. “She must be on every scammer’s list in the known freakin’ universe… well, that didn’t take long. Wanna talk to your aunt? I’ll dial if you’re feeling shaky,” Dean teased. Castiel nodded swiftly.
Dean sighed. “A couple of times, yeah. It’s not like I deserve it, I just try not to take it personally, it’s someone else’s rage about life crap I don’t know about and I just happen to be there.”
“I’ll be counting how many peas you eat,” Castiel said sternly, in what appeared to be another low-key attempt at humor.
“It wasn’t,” Dean said, shaking his head and making a wry face. “I don’t find nightmares about my mother burning to death sexy.”
“This is a fuckin’ outrage,” Dean muttered. Castiel just looked at him as he put the box away. Dean had no idea how he did it, but Castiel could make him do things by
This was no ordinary log; it was the root end of a mature cedar tree, three yards high at one end and looking like somebody big from the Lord of the Rings movies had just chucked it onto the beach, after braining somebody equally enormous with it. It was big and long and round and devoid of lower branches, and it sloped gently down to the sand, all things that made it a challenge for someone this drunk.
Dean’s comment on the whole bizarre situation was, “I still think Gabe’s an asshole, but he’s our asshole.” Castiel had to rebuke him for not playing nice during interviews, since people always wanted to meet ‘the man who
Castiel looked like he was going to comment about the slice - the extra-large, three portion slice - Dean cut for himself off the meatloaf. Finally he said, “Don’t you want leftovers?”
Cas tried to understand the logic of agreeing to a secret marriage. “If you get married and your brother doesn’t get to stand up with you, he will maim you, and Eileen and the kids will finish you off with plastic forks, and they’ll post the pics on Instagram, and I’ll collect your life insurance, and be extremely sad.”
“Um,” Castiel said. If ever there was a ‘deer in the headlights’ tone of voice, this was it. “Dean, I’m not – ”
“There’s always more angst coming,” I signed back. Sam snorted and Dean looked annoyed because I was signing way too fast for him. “But he says he loves me.”
Castiel trembled in his arms from head to foot. He was aching with need for him, Dean could feel it. The conflict was evident too.
Gabe admired the car for a minute; normally Dean was on that kind of sweet talk with a spoon, but not from this lying, cheating troublemaker. “Cut the crap. What are your debts?”
It was all Cas could do not to slap his own forehead into hamburger, but he restrained himself and forced himself to breathe. “We can get married fast, if all you need is a civil marriage.”
After a moment during which Dean devoured Cas with his eyes, he looked down. “I need someone to be with who can deal with me being kind of impulsive, and occasionally expensive,” Dean said.
He sighed. “Please don’t grab hold of me without warning, it’s liable to get you a shot to the head; I’m antsy that way.”
“I just woke up from a horrible recurring nightmare and I would like a hug, please,” Dean said, with his brother’s, ‘
“Holy shit,” Dean said blankly. His expression, as he shot looks at Castiel, bounced between awestruck, grateful and terrified.
Castiel made a little yelping sound, startled. Then he sighed and let Dean kiss him. It was awkward and clumsy and very intense.
“Fine,” Cas said, imperturbable. “Stand still, and quit trying to bail. You being a sex worker seems harder for you than me.”
Castiel stared at Dean, who responded by saying, “What, did you think I’m trying to ditch you? You can stay as long as you need to. Relax.”
Dean: I hand you money for weed, it’s not like there’s a lot of opportunity for me to be letting my freak flag fly.
“Nope, still alive,” Gabe said with mock sympathy. “I’m sure his sister’s not sorry, although I’m sure me being dead would work better for you.”
I heard the recording again later, when I was back in my body again. I was weak, and convalescing, but Rowena said it was okay, and Dean wanted me to listen to it again. He seemed to think it would jar something loose. “Are you sure you don’t remember what you said before you went to the Empty?”
“Doesn’t really matter what I think, Dean,” Cas said. His face, looking up, was a mask of deviltry. “What matters is that you take it for as long and as hard as I give it to you.”
With a straight face, Cas said, “Downstairs. There are also half a dozen classic pinball games, four different consoles loaded to the rafters with games - the ex’s idea, not mine, please believe me - a couple of cars you might like to drool on, an endless pool, yet another swimming pool which I’m seriously thinking of filling in with a fish pond, and bunches of other little bits of wretched excess you might find entertaining.”
Dean smiled and said, “Yes.” Then he loaded the dishwasher and mopped up the counter and put away the leftovers and collapsed on the sofa.
“Congratulations,” Sam said. He embraced Castiel and said, “It’s my honour and privilege to also welcome you to our family. I consider you my closest friend and I really hope it stays that way.” He gasped, and said, “Holy shit, I’m crying.”
Dean hung around the change room. When Cas exited to look at the larger mirrors, he looked almost embarrassed. But he shouldn’t have, Dean thought. He was just as cute as a goddamned button. And after Dean paid, he tried to give a little speech about how Dean had given him a budget and Castiel hadn’t been able to keep within it.
He was weeping by that point, but managed to keep himself from sobbing. He snuck a glance over at the guy who’d let him into the church, and he’d vanished.
He sounded to Dean like he’d been born in a different era. “I was born James, but I received the name of an angel, and I am called Castiel.”
“That’s part of what’s so funny,” Dean said. “Now we have to figure out how to get you some ID, but in the meantime, after work, do you want to go get some clothes?”
Cas turned his head to look at Dean. Then he slowly turned it back toward his brother and sister, who were standing poleaxed, said, “Yep,” and he and Dean left.
Castiel: I do, I am. I miss his voice, his presence, his contribution to the store, his business smarts, his cooking.
Bobby declared himself pleased with the results of Dean’s purchase, and the next thing Dean knew, he was buying weed for half the people he knew (fronting for some of them, which made him wonder about his friends), and making a weekly run for God’s Green Gifts.
“Anything,” Dean breathed into the back of his angel’s neck. “You belong with me, I won’t let you go,” he said, louder, not gentle, but defiant, against anything that might possibly separate them. He had tightened his arms without realizing it.
“It’s okay,” Castiel said. His wings were saying something different. “It’s not the outcome I wish for, but I accept it.”
Castiel: I feel like I’m at the top of this conversation again. Why would you threaten to send me a dick pic? In my experience men just do it.
He looked, in fact, like how Cas looked in an alternate universe where he wasn’t a recently bereaved husband, but was getting ready for a date.
He called his aunt Naomi back first, at Dean’s strong recommendation (actually it was more like a command) and she was pleased when she’d heard Gabriel had re-established contact and furious when she learned what he’d contacted Castiel about.
When he arrived at the side door, he was astonished to see the door open and Cas step out, the priest right behind him, holding the door.
He finished his breakfast, washed the dishes, and sat down at the table. He looked off into the distance for a while, then picked up the ballpoint pen Dean had left him, and began to write.
At work, Dean toiled in the office, and ‘the big guy and the little guy’ ran the counter. Benny and Garth were the foundation of his success. Benny could calm the grumpiest customer, and Garth’s speed on the computer system was well known. The three men had an easy rapport, competence and cheerfulness which made work days seem to fly by.
“I know he did, but sometimes you have to walk away,” Dean said. He never talked for that long. It had been really hard to listen to, and hardest of all for Castiel was killing the desire in his ribcage to ask why on earth Dean would have gone back more than once for sex with this maniac.
“I’m taking you to the Salvation Army store, and you have a forty dollar limit, not counting socks and underwear and shoes, which you need new.”
Dean was not expecting that. “Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy,” Dean said rapidly, and after ditching his shoes, he came into the kitchen like a teenager on a mission to raid a fridge. “Smells amazing. Now I want you to kiss me, and ask me how my day was.”
But it had been like that with his Cas. Nothing much had changed. He’d die for this Castiel, too. Comparisons about his level of commitment to his partner no longer seemed to matter.
This was, after all, one of the queerest neighbourhoods on earth. There was a fighting chance the man trying to face-plant off that log (
“Got what straight between you,” Castiel said. You could bounce a basketball off that lower lip. It was so cute Dean wanted to yeet Gabe into the front walkway straight over the railing, forget the prick ever existed and just kiss Castiel senseless.
“So if Satan isn’t yanking our chain, why would we have an extremely similar dream on the same night?”
Cas got busy. He learned early that closer to the root Dean preferred a hand. He loved a thumb on his taint while Cas’s fingers swirled in his loose and lovely ass; every part of Cas’s ingenious hands and expertly pumping mouth was put to the test. Dean’s come tasted almost coppery and he groaned with the last of the spasms, belly tightening one last time as he arched his back.
“We just go to sleep as usual, Dean, nothing about our routine will change, because we’ve already been sleeping in the nest for a year.”
There was a knock on the bedroom door after he’d finished changing, and Castiel’s voice, saying, “Dean?” softly.
“We can fix that,” Cas said. “Or perhaps dress the wound.” He walked over to where Dean, irresolute, still stood by his car, and kissed him. Not hard, not long, but definitely announcing that Cas had ‘cut Dean out of the herd’.
“Gotta go,” Dean said, and felt heat in his chest. He turned around and Bobby was looking at him like he’d tracked dog dirt into the house.
Dean turned toward Castiel. “Do you have a preference about what to thaw for dinner tomorrow night, or do you want to get takeout?”
“‘Cause I’m an asshole,” Dean said flatly. He took a deep breath and I realized he was seconds from tears. “Cas, I love you so much, I just want you to be happy. If the version of you that came back doesn’t love me, or can’t love me, ‘cause I’m such a fuckup, say so and I’ll quit being a jerk about it, I promise. And you don’t have to leave. I’ll be your friend if you’ll be mine. Just rip the bandaid off, angel.”
“Yup, just like it says on the label. Although these days pansexual is an option,” Dean said. “So chicken thighs would be okay, I take it.” He said, ‘I take it’ in a lightly mocking way, but Castiel didn’t notice.
Cas swallowed a couple of times, and then managed to speak. “I went to the church to bargain with God, always a bad state of affairs when you’re praying. I wanted a sign - like every needy person whose faith is wavering - that there was someone out there for me.”
Watching his surrogate father give up on life was traumatizing Dean, but he didn’t say anything about that.
“So it’s just for my lifetime, and then I’m in Heaven, forever, without you. I mean, unless I go darkside again, who the fuck knows – ”
“What are you here to pray for?” Dean said, and then said, “Ouch, inappropriate, please ignore that.”
The kid’s sister showed up. He waved once from the car and Dean half-heartedly waved back. He was trying to think how to keep the chicken smell out Baby’s upholstery when Castiel pulled up.
Cas stayed home, and wrote, and fiercely advocated for the two pre-teen boys they adopted, except when he was on tour promoting a new book, and Dean kept working at the dealership, while having serial nightmares about Jace and Tucker learning to drive in Baby and crumpling the fenders.
Cas took a breath. “Nobody has ever come anywhere close to loving me like you do. It doesn’t matter if you never say the words. It’s kind of why I wasn’t expecting you to be interested in marriage; I think you actually have to say something about that in traditional marriage vows.”
“It is a ceremonial flight to mark the special trust, friendship and healing that is an everflowing bond between us.”
“I feel like an old relic,” Castiel said, and it was almost a groan. “I don’t think I’m very pervy, though,” he said after a pause.
“I’m trying to grow my business, not give it away. And if you’re so interested in getting rid of it why not sign it over to me?”
“And you think that me becoming Rowena’s latest boy toy is somehow more tangled than your personal life? Hey, Dean? not even close!” Sam yelled back.
Castiel was wildly panting in a way Dean had never heard him do, as a deranged animal might. They staggered towards Room 11, and as they arrived, the last feather fell. Feathers and down lay ankle deep around them, as Dean pulled him through the door and lay him face down on the bed.
“I think he seems a little weird to everyone,” Dean said. “I like him though, he’s good company.” He didn’t mention the kissing, or Sam for sure would lose what was left of his ‘baby-mooning’ mind.
“I’m an artificial intelligence,” I said. Not having a real body suddenly made more sense. But how I could have come to this?
They snuck into the bedroom and Cas grabbed Dean and smashed his mouth into Dean’s and he let him do whatever he wanted, and it was amazing. It also changed, really fast. Within thirty seconds the lights were off, he was flat on his back, fully clothed, and Cas was grinding on him.
“No, of course not, apart from you deciding to leave and me having no way to get hold of you,” Dean said.
germs! You’re about to find out why!” Dean grinned. “It’s just one shot. One teeny shot.” They were actually doubles. He poured them out a drink apiece.
“Let’s get you lying down,” Dean said again, and helped him up, or tried to. His flashlight abruptly dimmed, and he shook it in irritation. Castiel seemingly now weighed a ton; Dean knew to the ounce how much he weighed and now he felt like both his brother and Castiel were leaning on him at the same time. He found himself grunting with the effort of moving him.
Castiel shook his head just enough to be seen. “Take me outside,” he said weakly, and lost consciousness.
As he thought about it, he realized that Sam had had a childhood and he hadn’t. When Sam had gone off to school, Dean had enjoyed wine, people and song to make up for the sacrifices he’d made because … because of Sam. And then somehow the one night stands became habitual, and he was drinking too much, and now here he was, headed for the toenail end of his thirties, and turning into a barfly, just like his dad. Somebody as strong as God would definitely be required if he was to avoid that fate.
“He’d let himself in with his key,” Dean disagreed. He rose and bore down on the door. He opened it to look down on a man in his forties with silky brown hair, a beard and a knowing smile, which he immediately extinguished in a vain attempt to look serious.
There was a dressing table and two racks of costuming and gear. Cas had been so interested in the backdrops he hadn’t registered the racks. Now he watched with an open mouth as Dean flipped on some very bright lights and ditched his clothes onto a butler stand. He stood nude, seeking out a green under-bust corset, green rayon panties and a beautiful fluffy boa, not a costume store junker; it was a long, undulating cloud of silky blackness. He put them all on with thought-provoking speed and precision, and tightened the corset like he was getting paid to.
His wings seemed to crumple. He shook himself a little and then folded them up so he was no longer in any danger of touching Dean.
“Is that what alcohol does, make more impulses?” Castiel said. “I don’t think that’s good in the long term.”
Dean laughed. “Jeez, man, sure. Your pent-up demand for porn must be something else. When’s the last time you got access?”
