“Marv,” Castiel responded and tugged Dean’s hand and interlaced their fingers. Marv looked at their entwined hands and then looked away without any comment.
“Thank you,” Castiel smiled and Sam smiled from where he stood watching them and shook his head. Dean had an interesting taste in friends, no one was like the other.
“Are you trying to quote God? Is he trying to quote God?” Amara asked as he looked at Chuck and then at Michael in utter dismay.
Dean woke up the next morning to the sound of birds singing. He was confused at first, not knowing where he was, but he remembered he was at Castiel’s apartment. He was sprawled on the couch, a soft, warm blanket covering him and his head resting on a fluffy pillow. He must have fallen asleep because the last thing he remembered was Castiel telling him something about bumblebees as they watched a nature documentary on the TV. He sat up on the couch and checked his phone and realized that it was half-past one. No calls, no texts.
“So, Castiel, what happened to Mick?” Naomi asked, cutting a piece of chicken and putting it in her mouth.
“I have heard a lot about you too. All good things of course,” Donna said as she took another swig. Dean rolled his eyes exasperated. “He won’t shut up about you. Cas this, Cas that. Are you two dating?”
“Is that so?” Dean asked, clearing his throat as he looked around to check if anyone was watching them. Everyone seemed engrossed in other things, so he sipped his champagne to soften his parched throat and cool off from all the heat that was suddenly spreading rapidly through his body. The source was his crotch. Castiel was smirking because he knew what he had done.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed. “What about the wings? They are so sexy and gorgeous the way they cover your back,” Dean said, caressing Castiel’s arm where the extension of the wings was.
“So, what time is Gordon coming over?” Castiel asked as Dean walked him to the front door. They had managed to take a half an hour nap, had eaten brunch that Dean had prepared from the leftovers from the previous night, and Castiel had taken a shower and prepared to leave.
“What?!” Dean said again with the biggest grin on his face. He hugged Castiel tighter and peppered his face with kisses. “I told you you’d do it, babe. I’m so proud of you.”
even after, I mean, nothing has to change,” Dean joined in after swallowing the macaron he had stuffed in his mouth, they were delicious. “Right?”
“Cas, I don’t know if you are on the other side of this door, or if you can hear me. Maybe I am just talking to myself, but I just need to say something.” Dean huffed and leaned his head on the door and placed his hand on it. “Cas...I...I need you. I need you in my life. I know that now, thanks to Sam for knocking sense into me. I know I hurt you more than anyone ever has-I broke your heart and now I may be asking for too much. I need you but I don’t know how to be the perfect man for you because I never was even if you saw me that way. And now, I am at your door at 2 in the morning asking you to forgive me. I am asking you to give me one more chance to prove that I am worthy of you.” Dean huffed again and realized that he had said so much without saying anything at all. He bit his lip nervously when he heard more shuffling behind the door. Castiel was home and now was his chance to say it all before it was too late.
“Yes,” Dean whimpered. "He was just laying there on the floor, lifeless. He reeked of alcohol and-" Dean couldn't finish. He blew his nose with the tissue and shook his head.
"You can say we have somewhat of a complicated relationship. He refuses to help me, I threaten him with death. He does what I asked, anyway. It's a win-win situation," Cas said, attempting humour. Dean smiled.
He got out of bed and padded to the bathroom and jumped when the person that stared back at him was a person he didn’t recognize; beautiful but strange.
The curtains were still closed, but Dean could see the rays of the morning sun peeking through a small gap between the fabric. “Cas, fuuuck babe...ahh,” he whimpered. His puckered hole quivered and tightened around his husband's talented tongue. However, Castiel was unrelenting and he kept fucking his tongue into Dean until he begged him to stop. Castiel got up from under the covers where he had been eating Dean out. He wiped his mouth with his hand and looked at his husband with an arched eyebrow. If Dean wasn't still riding his orgasm high he'd have jumped on him and rode him to oblivion. He just needed a second and then he'd be up for it.
“Yeah that makes sense, but I just want to do one special thing for Jack before I’m gone. I just hope he doesn’t deny me that.”
Castiel didn’t need to be told twice. He got off the bed, which garnered a disappointed groan from Dean, and he pulled his jeans off together with his boxers in one swift motion. He got the lube out of his bedside drawer and set it on the bed and then he was back on the bed, his warm body draping over Dean’s and he was kissing him again.
Dean laughed sarcastically and said, “If that helps you sleep at night then good for you. I have to go now. Don't follow me or I
“Okay, Okay. Just chill, okay? Why didn't you just use the chopper? I mean it would’ve been like a ten minute flight,” Nick quipped, looking at Michael as if it was the obvious thing to do.
Castiel blamed Chuck for destroying his life in one major way, he had never given him a choice when it came to choosing his life path. To make matters worse, Castiel was stuck in a crucial position at SBMC that he couldn't abandon just to save Chuck's ass and legacy.
“I promise,” Dean said with a small smile that did not reach his eyes. He had to get out of here without aggravating Lee.“You know you can trust me, right?”
All he wanted at the moment was to worship Castiel’s body. On his left side of the chest was a bleeding heart with the letter A inside it and below it was a small cross. Dean stopped kissing him and moved to lie on the bed so Castiel’s body was draped on him.
“I loved doing it to you. You taste so good,” Castiel gushed, kissing Dean’s nose. Dean could smell his musky scent on Castiel’s lips. He didn’t really know how to feel about it, but the kisses felt good. “Did you like it?”
“You know, my brothers and sisters always thought Heaven was where angels belonged. I remember after the fall, all they wanted was to go back. I never did.”
At some point, their eyes locked and all Castiel could say was, “I love you Dean. I love you so much.” Dean looked back at him with so much love and adoration and replied, “I love you too, babe. More than anything,” while interlacing their fingers.
“Yes, I know why. I am not trying to push you or anything, but it's been ten years. You need to heal from all that pain and hurt,” Gordon stressed that last part, and Dean looked away to his side.
“Jesus, Cas. You didn’t even let me finish what I was saying last night," Dean said sitting up on the bed and rubbing his eyes.
“Yeah. Apparently, my parents liked the name Deanna. They thought I would be a girl right until I was born. Since they had told everyone I would be named Deanna and they couldn't come up with any other name on the spot, they just dropped the last two letters and I became Dean.”
They sat at the pool, their feet in the water as they drank scotch and smoked cigars. Dean had choked on the smoke at first until Rowena told him that it wasn't meant to be inhaled but puffed out.  When he eventuallygot the hang of it, he realized it was actually easy and relaxing. He never smoked save for weed that Castiel somehow managed to score once in a while. They had once baked weed brownies which had ended up them dancing naked on the rooftop of Castiel’s apartment building to a
“Are you even listening?” Dean asked because he could clearly see that Castiel was more intrigued by the piece of paper he was studying than by what he was saying.
“You’re not children. I left you guys several roofs over your heads, credit cards with no limit, cars, two jets- what else do you want from me? Can’t a man take some time off?”
“Yeah, you should’ve!” Lee snapped at him and Dean recoiled when he saw the death stare that the pair was giving each other the gun still pointed at Gordon’s head. He needed to do more to de-escalate.
“I don’t know. It’s better than me freaking out about meeting your family, I guess,” Dean stated the obvious. “But knowing how much you are worth is making me freak out more.”
By midnight, the news had hit major channels, and Dean had seen it too, going by the text he had just sent Castiel instead of a ‘Happy New Year’ one.
“I guess,” Dean shrugged and leaned back on the couch then another light bulb moment hit. “Oh my God! He likes me. He likes me still. He likes me, right?” Dean was freaking out now. He did not know whether to be excited, angry, or worried. It was all too much.
“Yeah, simpler times,” Castiel up behind Dean and hugged him to his chest watching the view over his shoulder. Dean was an inch taller than Castiel but it did not bother them at all.
“I swear he hates me,” Dean groaned, picking up his shirt from the banister. Castiel huffed and rubbed Dean's back.
At some point, the pair had danced rather provocatively together, bodies grinding oh so close, but Dean managed to avoid contact when Max tried to grab his waist and grind into his ass. On seeing the almost pornographic scene in front of him, Castiel walked out of the bar for fresh air, his fists clenched so tightly that he almost tore the skin off his palms. He couldn’t do this anymore. He had behaved himself the whole day, watched Dean flirt with Max, innocent or not, they were flirting, and now this? He needed a smoke, but he didn’t have any cigarettes since he quit years ago while in college. He contemplated calling a cab for Dean, but he couldn’t let his friend down like that. He had trusted him to drive him home, so he stood at the entrance of the bar and took deep breaths to calm himself down.
They fell into a comfortable silence again. Castiel thought Dean had fallen asleep but Dean stirred and sighed.
By the time they were done modifying the prototype, Dean realized that he had had more fun with Charlie than he had ever had since becoming an engineer six years ago. He’d also not worried about Sam, or even thought about Castiel for the three hours they had been working. He was glad that for the first time in a decade, he had not worried or obsessed over anything.
“We agreed that assumptions are dangerous, Dean,” she said as she turned the hourglass upside down starting their session.
See, the thing was, Chuck was obsessed with biblical mythology, specifically angels. He named all his children after angels, save for Nick. He never gave him an angel name because he believed that no angel name fit his
Castiel smiled as he walked to his car knowing that Dean Winchester still loved him. They might never get back together again, but knowing that Dean loved him still was enough for now. However, it still nagged him that Dean had lied about the reason why he had to break up with him. He
“Atta boy. You catch on fast,” Bobby patted him one more time on the back. “Besides, I don’t think anyone else can handle his stubborn ass.”
“Hey, hey, hey,” Castiel tried to calm Dean down. “That’s not what I meant. I meant that maybe if you hadn’t kept it from me, I could’ve been there for you. You didn’t have to face him alone.” Castiel put his hand on Dean’s shoulder and ran it down his back in a soothing manner. “His death is on him. He was trying to hurt you and I would
“Come in,” he summoned, figuring it had to be Gordon or Lee, so he got out of bed topless only wearing his boxers.
“I promise, Sammy. No more secrets,” Dean replied softly, hugging his brother back. “I promise. No more secrets.”
They never talked about Lee ever again. It was time for a new chapter, a happier one in their lives.
“Because it was about work. I was stressed trying to juggle photography and being CFO. I needed a lawyer to advise me on my options because I didn’t want to quit and then get sued.”
“Yes you are father. It is in the Bible in those exact words,” Michael laughed as he poured himself a cup of coffee.
Dean shook his head then huffed, “He keeps calling me...saying he isn’t happy with how we left things at the bar and he wants to make amends.”
“Are those tiny bees on your pajamas?” Dean chuckled as he looked at the little yellow pattern as Castiel walked past him to sit on the sofa next to him.
“Castiel’s cheating, love. I can’t take it anymore,” Bela whined, her British accent rather prominent in the way she said
He wrote ten drafts but none of them were good enough. Each one was worse than the last one, so he settled on his final draft- concise and brief. It would get the point across. He cried the whole time he was writing it, but it had to be done.
Dean’s heart thudded rapidly in his chest and the room felt like a furnace with how hot it had become. He felt that darkness within him rising again, just like it had all those years he had suffered abuse at the hands of his father. He could kill John right now by holding him down and pouring beer down his throat until he choked to death and no one would know. He was a drunk with a heart condition. No one would be the wiser; they would assume he just drank himself to death. But first, he had things to say. It was now or never
“Anytime babe,” Dean kissed Castiel and rubbed his cheek with his thumb, and stared into his beautiful blue eyes. “And Mick too.”
“Is that why you wanted to throw Jack’s party?” Castiel queried, still frowning but relieved that his mother was fine.
“Do you regret it? This life? Being a hunter?” Cas asked as he took another swig of the beer without looking at Dean. It did taste like molecules.
The contemporary and opulent lakefront house was designed with the idea of an active family lifestyle in mind. It was also designed to combine both nature and luxury while keeping the design simple and minimal. It was uncluttered, open, and low-maintenance. It was a place where one could relax, unwind and be as much a part of the landscape as possible. It was surrounded by the woods and the lake was just a few yards away from the backyard.
“Dean, I know I hurt you, but trust me, I did it for us. I did it so we could be free and together, the way we should’ve been from the start.” Castiel tried to explain but Dean was having none of it. Castiel had loosened his grip on Dean’s arm which gave Dean the opportunity to get away from him. Once Dean was free, he reached for something in the pocket of his sweatpants.
“A home is with people who love you! Not people who cheat on you and take you for granted,” Dean’s voice sounded defeated now. He was trying to close his suitcase but it wouldn’t close. He punched it a few times in frustration and pushed it to the floor sending clothes scattering all over the floor and some on the bed. He kicked a few of them and then slumped on the bed defeated and sobbed
They had seen each other naked, at least their upper torsos, he had also seen the whole tattoo and how the huge wings covered Castiel’s back and stretched out to his upper arm but he never asked about it. However, he was curious to know what it was all about. Their bodies had changed over the course of a decade. He had thought Castiel’s tattoos were one of the additions on his body that he found made him sexier than he already was. Right now was not the time to ask about it though, maybe later.
However, Zachariah was different from John in that he rewarded hard work with a promotion or a pay raise. When he had worked at the
“What do you mean?” Castiel was appalled that his mother would ask about Mick at the dinner table with Dean around.
"I will not let that happen. I am going to find another way. Even if it means that I have to take his place," Castiel said forgetting that Dean's greatest fear was losing him. He had forgotten that when he was in Dean’s mind trying to save him from Micheal, he had gotten a glimpse of one of Dean’s memories. Those dark memories that he thought he had tucked away so well, memories that were riddled in shame. He had seen how Dean had killed himself during a ghost hunting case, two years ago when Cas had died, killed by Lucifer. Dean had killed himself in the guise that he wanted to save those ghosts and the kid trapped in that haunted house but what Dean had not told Sam was that he had opted to stay dead because he couldn't live without Cas. He couldn’t. Billie had brought him back.
He did not know how long he had sat in the car but when he looked at the clock, it was 2 AM. He needed to go back home to Cas. He hoped that he would take him back. He realized then that he loved Cas more than anything and he understood why he did what he did. He would’ve done the same if he was in Cas’ shoes. He remembered that time he sold his soul for an eternity in hell to save Sam. Sam had not understood, but Dean had done it out of love for his little brother. But him being in hell had brought Cas into his life. The angel who defied heaven for him. The angel who put him first before everything else. Cas had done it to save Jack and also to make Sam and Dean happy amidst all the chaos they dealt with on a daily basis.
“Mhmm,” Bobby hummed and adjusted his baseball cap then tucked his hand in his pocket, a beer in the other hand.
“Just come home son,” John hung up, leaving Dean all alone with his thoughts and a stream of tears cascading down his face.
“What?” Castiel was surprised that Michael would want Chuck back after he just left without as much as a goodbye when Nick was arrested, leaving Michael to clean up the mess. “Michael, No.”
“So, there’s this thing I discovered last week,” Dean whispered in Castiel’s ear. They were sitting on the couch next to each other at Sunday dinner talking about anything that came to mind.
“What?” a shocked Castiel asked, kissing his husband. Dean had just gotten home at quarter past seven in the evening. “I thought you were just having a meeting with Dick about extending your leave.”
Dean could feel the head of Cas’ cock hit the back of his throat as he applied vacuum-like suction moving up and down. Somehow, his tongue was moving along the length of his impossibly hard cock, he was so hard he thought it would break if Dean tried to navigate it in any direction.
“Cas, in purgatory you never let me say what I was going to say,” he said as he scratched the back of his head even though he did not have an itch there.
“Dean? Did you have that nightmare again?” Sam asked, concerned, hugging his brother, not minding how sweaty he was.
“Donna, personal space,” Dean chimed in as he pulled the woman away from Castiel. She in turn hugged Dean and Dean kissed her hair.
“But it must be tiring,” Bobby observed. “I’ve seen people lose their marbles because of having to take care of their kids alone.”
“Let’s see how it works out for like three months and after that, we can decide whether to get a bigger place.”
“Looks like someone is a little too eager,” Dean chuckled again and ground his ass on the rapidly hardening member. Castiel keened and grabbed Dean’s ass.
“Of course I believe you,” Dean soothed him. “You protected me for years and I’m sorry I took that for granted. So, if it's money you need to get away, I’ll give it to you. You don’t deserve this.”
“When I got the email that you were engaged I reached out to Sam and Zar and started planning. Then Zar said he knew you guys were coming here this weekend, so we figured why not make this a private affair, huh? Gordon smiled at him and his brown eyes danced with mirth.
“Thanks. Rufus kept me up there for so long. Apparently, I have been nominated for the Engineer’s Guild award in the Young Innovators category,” Dean looked bewildered, it’s like he was still trying to process what Rufus had just told him.
Lee seemed to contemplate what Dean had just said and then shook his head, “No. Just tell me where it is and I will go get it. I’ll call someone to come and release you.”
“Hey, hey, hey, stop lying. You couldn’t take care of Bones and that’s why dad had to give him away,” Dean said. "It had nothing to do with me."
“Wha..what? Lee. Lee c’mon wake up,” Dean shook his former friend but he wasn’t moving. “Lee. Come on. Please.”
“Pet name. You used to have several, back in the day when we first met, but since we got back together you only call me by my name.”
. I’m glad you let me use it though. At least now you know I don’t lie when I say you are beautiful. Everyone agrees with me.”
“Isn't it always?" Castiel smirked, pulling his t-shirt over his head. Mick propped his head on his hands and watched him.
“Cas, your powers are failing…and…and we have to defeat Chuck. We need every bit of help we can get. Your mojo included. I won’t let you waste it on me,” Dean said as he took a swig of his beer and then another one and side-eyed Cas.
They had had different bachelor parties the previous weekend. Dean, Gordon, Sam, Charlie, Max, Donna, and Alicia, Max’s twin sister, had gone to Atlantic City. They had a wild weekend and Dean loved it. They had gone to the casino, gotten a spa treatment, went to a gypsy bar that specialized in tequila and draft beers, they hit the beach and played golf. By the time they came back, Dean swore he would never drink again.
"Three hundred and fifty million?"Dean shrieked and sat up abruptly and almost knocked Castiel’s face with his head. Castiel sat up too and the look on Dean’s face scared him. Dean looked like he had seen a ghost or something, his face was slightly pale and his eyes wide. Castiel didn’t know what to feel about it, he hoped that this wouldn’t be the one thing that scared Dean away.
“Okay. Thank you,” Dean said, sincerely. She had helped him a great deal and although his progress was small, he was the one to blame because he wouldn’t open up.
Some days were rough especially when Lee haunted his dreams but he would call Gordon. Gordon was in New York studying business at Columbia University but he was always there for his best friend, no matter the time of day. Gordon would talk with him and visit him often. Dean visited him in New York sometimes too. The distance had not disrupted their friendship one bit, they were still best friends. Gordon was thriving too. He and Bela were still going strong and now that they were both in New York, their relationship was blossoming. They were even in the early stages of starting a small wine company together.
“Yes,” said Aziraphale without missing a beat. “If he has wings, then he needs it. If Castiel has never preened him I am going to lock him in Islington’s Cage until he thinks about what he’s done.”
Aziraphale made a horrible sound somewhere deep in his chest, the polar opposite of a happy thrum. “Alright,” he said hoarsely. “Alright. Fold it back, darling. I have you.” He pushed the wing folded again. And again, things Dean learned just this morning: that was supposed to be a relaxing move. Crowley nodded, breathing hard, and leaned forward to put his forehead on Aziraphale’s shoulder. It was a surprisingly vulnerable gesture from the same demon who had shouted at Dean just an hour ago.
They landed in a driveway. Cas carefully put Dean down. Dean got his breath back, hands just above his knees, bent over and gasping. Crowley and Aziraphale were nowhere to be seen.
“He’ll try,” said Dean. “Billie—that’s Death—said he was ganking everyone. That he was almost done.”
“Ella,” Cas said slowly, awkwardly patting her back. “You’re one of Lucifer’s.” How did he know that?
“Dote, seriously? What the Hell century is this?” Dean said, to cover the fact that he was also embarrassed.
“Oh, Crowley burns hot. I burn cold. I’ve been told that I’m the more dangerous of the two of us.” He smiled. It wasn’t a nice smile.
“We can try,” Amenadiel said. He shrugged. “Linda and I have tried. We can produce one. I am unsure how I feel about it, however; it is not one of my Father’s creations, and it does not follow His laws. And sometimes, Linda dislikes it
“Okay,” said Dean. Forensic scientist. Very handy. They needed to befriend one of those. Imagine what a forensic scientist could tell, if they knew about various monsters? Could cut out so much research. “So, he was diving out of Heaven. Didn’t use the pearly gate, so maybe he was breaking out? Rogue angel?”
It wasn’t like he was wrong, Cas was his the way Sam was his, his to keep safe and, okay, fine, even his to love, but said so plainly like that was just weird.
“Yours is more so,” said Aziraphale, watching Watchdog run. “Now. What were you thinking for this dowel?”
Cas quirked a half smile. “It is difficult to preen alone,” he said. “I find it unpleasant. And in the other world my wings would blind you or Sam; I worry that the light through the door might hurt you, or that you might walk in.”
like nothing Dean had ever heard, a demonic growl, and the hairs rose on the back of his neck. It was deep and menacing and Dean would have reached for a weapon, except Aziraphale made a bell-like noise in reply, and they were off at a dead run, racing to—somewhere deeper in the house.
“Uh-huh,” said the girl. “Maze says that if I were a Lesser Demon it would be time for me to bring back the head of a monster! Mom said no, but me’n Shepherd might get a hunting license next season, so at least I can bring Maze a head of
Dean opened his mouth to reply because he didn’t really know anything about that and also feelings, ugh, but furthermore Lucifer, ugh, but he was interrupted. A kid who looked to be about fourteen opened the door to the apartment. “Are you coming in, or what?” she asked. “Everyone’s waiting.”
gone to shit, because Dean really wanted to tack a ‘sweetheart’ at the end of that sentence. He stopped himself just in time.
This was dangerous. That deal he’d made, that foolhardy deal; if he experienced too much happiness, too much contentment, Castiel could find himself in a very bad situation indeed…. But all was not right with the world; Castiel still worried about Sam and Jack and Chuck destroying things, so he rather thought he was alright for now.
“He’s not,” said Castiel. “The rules are different here. Very different. It’s a coincidence. He’s a snake at heart, Dean, that’s all
Dean was sort of half-asleep. Cas was warm and pliant, and the movie played quietly in the background – he’d turned down the volume, but Dean was too drowsy to really do anything about it. Dean was curled up all along Cas’s side, Cas’s arm over the back of the couch. He wasn’t really sure how they’d ended up like this, especially because he was quite sober
“Store bought knitting needle, then?” Dean teased. Cas actually shuddered. So, this was a real thing, then. Duly noted.
Things to do. Right. Right, of course. Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat. He released Cas’s hand. “Yeah,” he said. “Right—you’re right.” He shook his head, trying to clear it. It worked, but it hurt.
“To each her own. Beautiful, it’s true, but the thing’s a boat; you’ll barely get out of a driveway. A Hellcat, though,” she said, a little dreamy.
“You do things for Angel Network. When they ask for your help, you help. That’s the point, Dean. You’ll see.” He sounded very confident in this. Dean was regretting his life choices even more now.
Dean looked at Aziraphale, who nodded, and carefully pushed the wing closed, so it folded neatly on Cas’s back. Cas sighed, and kind of slumped forwards.
“Absolutely not,” Cas snapped, cutting off Dean’s “Hell no!” before Dean could really get more than a few sounds out. At least they were on the same page there. “Amenadiel,” Cas added, weirdly desperate.
Cas had said that he was losing his powers, Dean recalled. The world had gone so dark and bleak that he had only thought viciously that Cas deserved it, heaping the blame for everything on Cas’s shoulders. He had kind of been a dick. “But you’re alright now?” he asked, worried, and for lack of anything better to say.
“Zephyr,” Dean murmured. He leaned his chair back on two legs and held up the letter. “Feresne Crowlei, amabo te?” It always helped to be polite to the winds, after all.
Aziraphale did not rise, instead cradling Crowley close. “Stay safe,” he said, solemn and sad. “You too, Pigeon, Dean,” he added.
His cheeks went all red; that was adorable. What the Hell were they even talking about? “Michael. It is not—we are not—”
“Uh—wait—” said that second voice, the one that Dean suspected was Crowley. “Pidge, healing works differently here. Will you let me do it?”
Below them, the Fourth Circle of Hell flashed by as the chariot made its dogged way through Daydream Hell, on their way to Nightmare World, and an increasingly bizarre Nightmare experience.
“They’re here,” he said, and got to his feet. “Are you sure you want to come, darling?” he asked Chloe anxiously. “It will be—incredibly dangerous, and—and not even close to human—”
“Dean,” said Cas, grave and soft. “I have been yours from the start.” His wing fluttered a little, pleased
“What the Hell?” Dean spluttered. He waved a hand vaguely at Decker, unable to really articulate he was trying to ask.
fetching, her lovely blonde hair all wind-tossed. On the other, Hell, any part of Hell, should never touch her.
“It’s a game,” Cas said, amused. “It makes Watchie nervous. She thinks they’re fighting. It’s alright,” he added to the Hellhound, reaching down to scratch her ear. “They’re only playing.” She whined again and put her head in Cas’ lap, begging for scratches.
. It was alright, though—more than alright. It was a good in a way Dean couldn’t quite define, excellent even, pressed close on this couch. He was incredibly comfortable, and being this close to Cas felt
Dean muttered unhappily, but he allowed it. Except—this time was different. Cas kind of cocked his head and looked Dean up and down thoughtfully.
This was why Cas was so bashful about the paradox, Dean realized in some corner of his mind. He knew it was like this. He’d tried to tell Dean it was like this but hadn’t had the words. Stupid Cas, he thought, very tenderly. Dean had even seen Crowley and Aziraphale like this and hadn’t made the connection.
She held out a hand. “I’m Chloe Decker,” she said, and gave a little self-deprecating laugh. “I guess in this crowd I should also say that I’m human.”
They were really pretty wings, Dean thought abstractly, watching the feathers shift and move, alive. Brown on brown, they looked like the wings of a predator, some kind of hawk or falcon or something. A hunter.
She woofed at him, very quietly, tail still wagging. “We gotta get one of these for Sam,” Dean murmured.
“That would be great,” Chloe said. She leaned forward. “Linda’s been trying to pull some out of Amenadiel, but Amenadiel still thinks that it’s not for humans.” She rolled her eyes.
. Cas was awesome, and he seemed very snuggly, and right now he was the best thing in the world, so Dean snuggled.
Dean swallowed. Cas was an angel – this was not even close to news. He’d even brought up his long lifespan a time or two, but it was not the kind of thing they generally talked about in detail. It was—weird, knowing that Cas had some kind of plan beyond Dean’s lifetime. Good weird, actually, but still weird.
“Daydream World,” Cas said, and he was sort of smiling. “It’s Daydream World, Dean. Everything here went right.”
Shepherd, of course, was guarding the entrance to the lift in Lux, because she was a good dog, while Maze stalked through the club, looking for intruders.
“It takes more energy at home than it does here. This world is more malleable. The others—some use it more, some less.” He tapped the counter again, thinking. “Crowley and Aziraphale do it the most, so perhaps I imitate them. Lucifer and Amenadiel don’t use it at all. I’m told Amenadiel once brought a man back to life and it went poorly, so he is wary. Lucifer—” He shrugged. “He says it has something to do with Chuck. Raguel has no powers, and I don’t know Michael at all.”
Ella, of course, floored her sleeper car until they reached the highway, where they promptly got stuck in LA traffic. Dean glanced in the rearview, watching Cas fidget with apparent nerves. Was it Lucifer? Did he not want to see Lucifer? No, he seemed perfectly fine with Lucifer before, when Lucifer met them in Hell. Maybe Chloe? Dean had no idea. He’d never seen Cas nervous before, not really, not expressing it like that.
Cas didn’t argue, but he seemed to get what Dean was trying to do. Sure enough, after Dean sat, Cas leaned up and into him, just a little. Dean leaned back, pleased. How had he dismissed this as brotherly? How? How had he ignored it, denied it, refused it? Abused just like Cas was.
STARVING CHILDREN, Castiel thought frantically. Chuck was going to murder them all! His friends were in danger! This was a terrible idea! He grasped at straws and hung on to them for dear life because Dean was—Dean was—warm and close and
They went down the stairs—tricky while holding hands, which was still girly but fuck it—and made it to what looked like a foyer. Lucifer led them back and around to a sort of living room full of sleek couches. Chloe Decker and her daughter Beatrice were sprawled on one of the couches, watching a movie.
thing didn’t sit well with him, but he was bound and determined to follow Cas into this Daydream World mess.
“Lucifer,” Decker chided, and strolled over to sit beside him. It was weird: he didn’t curl an arm around her, but he did curl his other wing around her. It was—a weirdly cuddly gesture from freaking
Dean straightened and braced himself for Hellhounds. Friendly Hellhounds. What the Hell. “Yeah. Let’s do this.”
Dean was special. Dean belonged to him. Michael knew it. It would take some cultivating, but he wanted the human in his life. He’d even share with Castiel. He was good at sharing!
There was something interesting about this one, Michael thought, intrigued, as he watched those eyes. A pull, like this human could be his as Chloe was Lucifer’s, if he played his cards right. He would obviously have to share with that Castiel. That bond was precious, and nigh unbreakable. Where Lucifer’s gift was desire, Michael’s was passion, and he could see that in this human’s posture. His past was murky, and also terribly sad, Michael could tell. Dean Winchester had the weight of great, terrible tragedies, one after another, heavy on his shoulders. He looked like he needed cheering or comforting. Mostly comforting. That could be a fun project. For Michael, comforting usually involved sex. He wondered if Castiel would let him get that close. Probably not. Still, could be fun to try.
This was an angel thing, Trixie knew. Lucifer spluttered and made a fuss, but he liked it when you pulled on his feathers. Not enough to hurt, of course, just as like a fidgeting thing. Crowley and Aziraphale liked it, too. Trixie had gone to a cave on a field trip, once, and she’d seen a bunch of bats all clustered together at the roof of it, jostling and snuggling. She thought it was kind of like that—a friendly thing, a
It occurred to him that he was comparing paradoxes to sex. To better-than-sex, actually. Cas was thrumming away at Dean, who suddenly wanted to make that sound back, because he was feeling all lovey and happy and content too, and Cas should know that. He tried, but it came out all wrong, and Cas giggled at him, also stoned.
“No, but I’m pretty sure it is,” the demon snapped. “Having humans isn’t supposed to preclude you actually taking care of yourself.”
“Angel, we’re gonna have to go soon,” Crowley whispered. “Lucifer already called. I mean, to paradox the—”
“Yes,” said Amenadiel sadly. “The order was loud enough that numerous angels heard it. This is—strange for Father, you understand. Normally he is specific and very precise. Generally, they go to Gabriel, frankly, but he heard nothing. It seems that the order only came through most clearly in the First Sphere. Reports said it was like he was shouting from somewhere distant, like he wasn’t even in Heaven. It affected Turiel the most; he crashed right through on his way down. There are several other lower angels who heard, and also want to follow the order: it was to kill Chloe and Beatrice or, failing that, to attack Crowley Snake-in-the-Grass, or Mazikeen of the Lilim. It was lucky you dispatched him, Castiel; he would have killed Crowley then hunted Maze, since he can’t get to Chloe or Trixie.”
Another letter. This one zoomed into the room and dropped on the floor. Cas picked it up and opened it, but Dean could see it.  It was very short, and written in ornate, elegant script, different from before.
Cas came down. His wings were tucked away, and he looked unhappy. “Aziraphale says to tell Lucifer,” he said quietly. “He says that we should go there in person.” He chewed his lip. “And, Dean—” He cast his eyes away. “If you’re willing to try that paradox, we should. He says that if Chloe is protecting us somehow, as Amenadiel suggested, it’s imperative to keep her safe.”
“Yes,” snapped Lucifer. “We don’t bargain with terrorists. Winchester isn’t the one killing worlds. It’s Dad.”
HI!! I'm too sleepy to finish up replying; if I haven't got back to you yet, I haven't forgotten about you!! I still love you!! I just wanted to get the next chapter up!! :D
They didn’t have sex very often. Aziraphale generally didn’t enjoy human sex, on the whole, and it frankly paled in comparison to a paradox, and to the other things they could do. But on the rare occasion it could be fun. Usually they both regretted it afterwards because it was sticky, but Aziraphale wasn’t thinking about that. He was thinking about Crowley standing nearly on his toes, vibrating with energy, but the good kind. He looked bright-eyed and lovely and Aziraphale
Aziraphale sighed a very judgmental sigh. Cas had said he didn’t like when Crowley made this dish because he learned it from somebody evil, hadn’t he? Dean wondered what that was all about and kept eating, because damn it was good.
Cas nodded. “Alright.” He looked at Dean and tilted his head, indicating that they should go outside. Ella followed, and they left Aziraphale to care for Crowley. Everything from his protective posture to his flashing eyes told Dean that this was exactly what Aziraphale had wanted. He trailed behind Cas, back out the front door. Once they were out, Cas hid his wings. Cool trick.
“Oh, lay off him, you prat,” Crowley said casually. “Relax, no boinking necessary. He’s yanking your chain
“I can’t stop him,” Michael said, shaking his head. “He does as he pleases. I recommend you stay hidden from him, Chloe.”
“You think—” this was Decker. She swallowed. “You think I’m somehow connected to—to the universe? That God—God!—wants to
Cas shook his head. “A living human can’t pass through their Hell without a special spell. It requires two seraphs—”
“Yeah, Lucifer said you do strategy, right?” Ella asked, glancing in the rearview. They inched closer to their exit.
. Dean had a sneaking suspicion that that was another Hellhound, the one Ella had mentioned. So maybe the woman and the girl on the couch weren’t so normal after all, he thought, amused.
Anyway. I am like beyond delighted so surprise! Have another chapter. Happy whatever harvest festival you celebrate, and if you don't celebrate one, happy Thursday!!
Dean slammed his eyes shut, and he reached for that funny, silvery floaty thing. It was like—a little ball, or a little creature curled
But unlike Crowley, Aziraphale could in fact see that Dean returned Castiel’s affections, rather desperately. He definitely, genuinely, cared. This left Aziraphale to conclude that perhaps Dean was simply stupid or lacking in information. Angry though he was, Aziraphale rather thought that arming the boy with some information might help. He’d taken to the preening like a duck to water, after all.
He took a deep breath and stepped back. Dean felt a chill in the warm California day. He blinked at Cas, a little bewildered. He wanted to be close.
“Aziraphale!” cried Cas. He sounded panicked, panicked enough for Dean’s breath to catch. Without another word, Aziraphale bolted from Dean’s side, and Dean was hot on his heels. He didn’t like that note of fear. Behind him, Ella scrambled to keep up.
Dean rubbed his hand against his pants, wiping the drool away. “You traumatized a Hellhound. Cas, this place keeps getting weirder.”
“I will go whether you participate or not,” Cas said flatly. “They are not equipped for something of this magnitude, which is why I was
“We sent Amenadiel and Michael to investigate,” Cas continued, clearly not even a little alarmed. “And then Dean, Ella and I inspected the angel’s body. The joints were bleeding, and the angel had pieces of the First Sphere imbedded in his forearm, like he had dived right through.” He held up his arm as if to shield his face in demonstration. “Amenadiel confirmed that it was direct orders from Him Above. He gave orders to the rest of Heaven to distract them; he told them that Chloe was dead. Hopefully, this will afford you some protection.” He smiled tightly at Chloe. “If he is caught in the lie, it’ll cost him his flight feathers.”
“We can’t fight Dad. Trapping him is difficult, and killing him upsets the Balance,” said Lucifer. “But we’ve missed our most important ally.”
“You need more time,” Lucifer said, looking back and forth between them. He had his wings out, all ruffled and he looked
And not a little possessively. Dean was his human! Castiel was capable of sharing but not with Michael!
Watchdog bounded ahead of them into the house, barking gleefully. There was no Crowley to be found, though there was a strange car in the driveway. Dean frowned and followed Aziraphale inside.
Dean nodded. “He really loves you, you know,” he said gruffly. “Cas. He misses you, when he’s home.” This had always been clear, but it was becoming more obvious now, seeing Cas interacting with Aziraphale, with Crowley. He trusted them absolutely—a rare thing, from Cas.
“You can call Amenadiel,” Aziraphale said. “Do not call Lucifer just yet. This is an act of war, and Lucifer has been so on edge that we risk him responding as such. Amenadiel will know what to do, and Amenadiel will be able to tell us why.”
freaking out about was the dude-shape. Who cared if Cas was dude-shaped? Cas was Cas. And damn it all, but he really did love Cas. Had for a while. A long while.
“Union of two opposites,” Cas said. It was exactly what Crowley had said, so it was less than helpful. He looked uncomfortable. “They are unnatural, and they do not—feel—good on the senses of another Celestial. Both parties must be—keen—in order for it to work. It cannot be forced or done unwilling, and it requires trust. Truth be told, Dean, I know very little about what it actually entails for the participants beyond that fact that everyone seems very enthusiastic about it.” He was flushing, a little
She gulped and stepped back. “Yeah. Who would do this? Crowley would never hurt anyone!” Suddenly she straightened. “Is there a body? The angel you killed, I mean. I’m a forensic scientist. Maybe there’s a clue.”
“Crowley told Lucifer,” Cas said with a sigh. “Who is now also panicking. I should—go. Before Mazikeen shows up.”
His first one with Chloe had been absolutely spectacular, but they hadn’t been able to curl up together for hours. She’d been magnificent. Lucifer had ached, but he’d been afraid to touch her, afraid to tarnish her, for she’d shone so brightly. He hadn’t realized that the burning, ripping sensation in his chest had been because he’d been physically separated from Chloe until after they’d nestled together somewhere safe, and the pain had been soothed. The high had been amazing; he hadn’t been able to stop looking at her, but the fear of that day had crept up on him, distracted him. That paradox had been marvelous, and he would treasure it, but otherwise it had been a terrible bloody day.  Their subsequent paradoxes were better, though, and also included snuggles, so that was alright. Still, he was hardly going to put Crowley’s Pigeon through that sort of pain if he didn’t have to.
Ella gave him a weird look. “So, what are you doing here? Not that I’m not happy to meet you! But Nightmare World guys don’t usually show up unless it’s really bad.”
There was a breeze, from nowhere, rushing through the kitchen. It had a bite to it, like the first whiff of winter. This was a familiar bite: after all these years, Dean could recognize Boreas by temperature alone, even if he couldn’t see the creature itself. A letter, old, heavy parchment, appeared from nothing and fell gracefully to the table. Dean blinked at it, startled.
Cas shrugged. He still looked embarrassed. “No one with ill intent can enter Aziraphale’s bookshop,” he said. “Linda’s house is similar, though I’m told it won’t show up on GPS maps.”
“That’s where it gets interesting,” said Dean. He was about to explain more when there was one of those loud Enochian bird-screams, and two thumps.
Dean shrugged at him, mouth full of toothpaste. Cas tapped at the counter, and three shirts, two pairs of jeans, socks and underwear appeared in a neat pile. Dean spat out the toothpaste.
They were in some weird back corner of Hell, all stone and uncomfortably large glowing things. Lichen? Whatever. Misery radiated around them, because of course it did; it was Hell. Dead in front of them was a crack in reality, but it was unlike the any of the ones Dean had seen before. This one was darker than dark and it kind of hurt to look at. It twisted in the air in a weird kind of spiral with offshoots, cracks of darkness reaching out. That probably didn’t bode well.
This had gotten wildly out of control. All the warm fuzzies were gone. The worst part was that Crowley was right.
“I should warn you,” said Cas gravely. He was standing some feet away and eyeing Dean warily, as if worried he would hurl again
He broke into Raphael’s study, because Raphael kept records of this sort of thing. Amenadiel would never break into a room belonging to one of his nestmates, but Michael had no compunction. Raphael was always annoyed with him, anyway; what was one more thing?
Dean fiddled with one of the coverts. Cas shivered. That was weird, Cas being so connected to these wings, Cas being so physical while also an angel. That usually only happened when he’d been human in the past.
“What do you mean he’s not taking care of himself?” Dean said, alarmed. He felt pulled in kind of two directions, here. In one, this demon was being a douche. In the other—what was that about Cas neglecting himself?
Dean did trust Cas. He trusted Cas with his life. The thing was, Cas had made a lot of questionable decisions over the years.
This was comforting and not horrifying. Castiel felt like gunpowder, and the metallic edge of a blade, and powdery, fresh air. All of these things were fine; they were his Pigeon. Crowley had come a long way, and he was far less skittish with his friends, these days.
By the time the chariot arrived, everyone was tense as anything, even Dean, and this wasn’t even his damned world. Lucifer perked up, though.
“Angel attacked Crowley,” said Cas into Dean’s hair. His wings tightened around him protectively, and Cas’s other arm went around Dean’s waist, holding him close. It was awesome. Dean really liked those wings. They were soft and good and they were
“No,” said Lucifer, sounding totally freaked. “Ah—no. We just paradoxed this house so you’d be safe! Now you want to come to Nightmare World?
“Of course,” Lucifer said gruffly. “I can station Lesser Demons all up and down the block, too. We’ll bring Shepherd, and I’m sure I can find a few Hounds on the smaller side to guard the front yard. I have just the place. I’d station Azazel there too, but he’s—indisposed.” Lucifer sighed. “Also, I’d rather him not go for your human’s jugular, right, Pigeon?”
how Cas rose and fell in the air a little with each sweep. The wind howled around them, hot and sulfurous and ahead of them—
—And that wouldn’t help him save the world! This was a losing battle, Castiel thought, grimly amused.
Chloe barked a laugh, more bitter than amused. “Right. You’re right, why am I even surprised anymore.” She sat again. “Lucifer doesn’t like kids, and anyway I wasn’t planning on—yeah. I can’t
Cas, who had tucked his wings away to sit in the chair, tugged on Dean’s arm. He stretched it out and positioned it, elbow and wrist bent as if it were a wing, and then tapped on his wrist. It was touchier than he usually was. It was nice. “They slice here,” he said. “You never fly again.”
“Crowley?” asked Cas, confused. The Fallen Angel Crowley pronounced his name differently than the King of Hell Crowley had, thankfully. It made it less confusing.
“The join of your arm is ticklish,” Cas said, still sounding sulky. That was. The funniest damn thing that Dean had encountered in a long, long time. He grinned at Cas’s back, feeling—well, rather tender. Ugh that was an awful word, what was he, sixteen?
“The other universes,” Aziraphale said gently. “There are alternate universes, an infinite amount. The Lady God has been destroying them.”
Yep. Definitely heard him. The little ball uncurled, somehow, in his chest and in his mind’s eye, and wrapped itself around Dean like a very friendly snake.
“Yeah,” Dean interrupted, raspy. “It means I’m yours. And you’re also mine. Decker and Ella said it went both ways.”
Dean looked up. Lucifer was standing on the porch of a great, sprawling Victorian house that definitely hadn’t been there before the paradox. Dean and Cas were on the front lawn.
“No,” said Aziraphale. “The more effort you put in, the more of yourself goes in, too. Chloe’s porcelain was not especially difficult to obtain or to make. But she was choosey and thoughtful. Linda’s was quite easy; she’d had that plant for years, simply growing in her house. I believe it took her a few hours to make it properly. It all depends on what you put in it.”
Dean followed him off the bed, a weird little shiver coiling around the base of his spine at that possessive
This was all true! Castiel had no idea what he was doing, paradox-wise, or Dean-wise. “It’s not like sex, you know,” Crowley had told him dreamily once. “Like. Not even a little bit.” Which was just unhelpful. Castiel was so confused.
The thing was. The thing was. Dean actually knew this. Cas had even said as much before. And he knew he loved Cas, too. And normally he wouldn’t find the words, but just now, safe under Cas’s wing—“I do too. Love you.” That was hard to say, but important. “And. And same. I’m not good at this stuff, Cas. I haven’t even been good to
He finished Cas’s wings slowly. He was starting to see Aziraphale’s point: Cas had a lot of crooked feathers, and a lot of that clumped up powder down. Couldn’t be comfortable. That one wing, front and back, took forever, and when he closed it at Aziraphale’s direction, Cas going even more puddly at the gesture, he saw the difference.
“Complicated,” Cas murmured. “The down itches. I’ve had worse, but it is still uncomfortable. Pulling it out feels like you are scratching it. It is very much a relief.” He sighed. Dean was about to ask another question when he continued. “The dowel is Crowley’s, so it feels like expensive wine and serpent scales. Pleasant. The hands are
“It’s only a theory, Chloe,” Amenadiel said apologetically. “But with Castiel’s information, on top of what we already know from Raguel—there might be some connection. You might be the reason our world still stands.”
“Then play to your strengths,” said Aziraphale. “I suggest you not use car parts; that would feel—” He shuddered a little. “Too many hands on them, you see, and your Castiel is actually rather sensitive; too many people have betrayed him.” This was severe and a little angry, though not directed at Dean. “He won’t tolerate a stranger at his back, even if just a human who had a part in the making of the dowel.”
“Where are we going?” Dean kept asking. He was blindfolded and he couldn’t see a thing from the thick satin blindfold,
“I don’t know. I just…” Dean faltered and moved to sit on the sofa. Castiel joined him. “ Earlier, I didn’t want you to touch me because I felt disgusted by myself. This feeling of dread and disgust overcame me and when you touched me, it felt like I was tainting you, somehow.”
The groomsmen were dressed in black as well but the bridesmaids wore white. The guests also wore white outfits that matched the white carpet. The ceremony went on smoothly and when it was time to exchange the rings, Castiel carried Jack down the aisle. Jack was clasping the handle of the basket that held the rings tightly in his little hand. Dean looked at his husband and son adoringly and blew them a kiss. Jack was adamant about not letting the basket go so Castiel just stood there as Bela and Gordon picked their rings from the basket. They were pronounced husband and wife and in one elegant and well-coordinated swoop, he held her trim waist and gave her a gobsmacking kiss.
The whole time Cas was talking Dean was facing the exit while Cas stood behind him looking at the nape of his neck. Dean turned slowly and their eyes locked. Something soft flashed in Dean’s eyes and Cas smiled. Cas licked his lips in that way where he flashed the tip of his tongue on his lower lip and then back into his mouth again.
“I know, Dean. But it's only changing for the better. I’ll be back before you know it,” Sam assured and they gave each other a side hug.
“Because I want you to know what my son gave up for you. He gave up a chance at happiness just for a fleeting Summer fling.”
As they flew back to New York, he couldn’t help but think about how he wanted to have a family of his own with Castiel.
The song went on and Castiel was in a state of delirium. This was like something out of his wildest dreams. He never thought Dean would ever agree to something like this, so he never asked. Their sex life had been amazing and they’d never done anything kinky save for spanking Dean once in a while, more so when he asked for it. However, this was on another level, and Castiel knew that he wouldn’t last long if Dean went on.
that you have ever done or will ever do will make me leave you. You are it for me,” Castiel professed reaching to touch Dean’s face and looking him dead in the eyes. Dean looked away but Castiel turned his head gently and gazed into those beautiful green eyes. “Whatever it is, you don’t have to tell me but just know I’m here and nothing would ever make me leave you, okay?”
Later, Dean brought out the cupcakes, sang happy birthday for Castiel, and told him to make a wish. After they were done eating, they slow-danced to the soft classical music playing in the background. Castiel couldn’t dance because he was apparently born with two left feet, but Dean was having the time of his life.
“Okay,” Dean huffed and snuggled into Castiel’s pillow as he watched him dress up. The pillow smelled like citrus, a smell that Dean associated with Castiel now. He would never eat an orange or a lemon or smell lemongrass without thinking of the blue-eyed angel.
“Is that why you crushed my phone?” Dean asked as he walked slowly towards the door and then he looked back at Gordon who looked worried. Dean gave Gordon a small sad smile and followed Lee up the stairs. When they got to the top of the stairs and out of the door and into the hallway, Gordon came up behind Lee and pushed him.
“I know that feeling. But as my uncle Bobby keeps saying, there’s no need to worry about it. The truth will out, eventually.”
They had become fast friends since they worked in the same regiment as nurses, and after serving for fifteen years, they retired and sought work as civilian nurses. They also decided to live together; unmarried and were in the process of starting a home for wayward girls and battered women called
“The truth is, I just wish I had someone. Something special like what Dean and Cas have. You know,” Max revealed. “I mean talking with a different guy every week and ditching them before things escalate to sex is taxing.”
“Don’t forget to do breathing exercises before bed as we talked about, they will help you relax,” she reminded him as they both stood up.
“Of course not!” Dean huffed and looked at Castiel, a pained look in his eyes. “So remember last year when we were going through that rough patch? I went to the bar around the corner and he was there, we got to talking and I left. Then he called a few days later and said he wanted to make amends so I gave him a chance to do so and he apologized.”
"When Jack died, he went to Heaven because of his human side. You know this,” Dean nodded. He knew this. Old Lily Sanders, Anubis, Cas going to heaven to retrieve Jack’s soul.
“Not to rain on your parade but you said the same about April, then you had sex with her and poof you were gone. Oh, there was also that goth girl, Meg? You kissed her and promised her you’d be together then you left her stranded outside our apartment in New York, remember her? Oh, and then there was Mick, poor Mick. He was so in love with you, still is really, and what did you do? Fucked him, strung him along for years  and then you just dropped him like a hot potato. Oh, what of  that girlfriend you brought home to meet our parents, Daphne was it? You dumped her immediately after. She was my friend. Now she doesn’t even talk to me anymore,” Hannahrambled and breathed out once she was done.
“What do you want son? You are free,” Chuck said, pouring himself two fingers of scotch as Castiel closed the door to the study. He stood in front of his father’s desk, hands in his pockets and observed him. He didn’t say anything for a while and Chuck chugged his scotch and then poured himself another.
“No! If you call an ambulance and I somehow make it, I’ll probably be a vegetable or disabled in prison. Do you know the things they do to people like me there? Please Dean, just put me out of my misery. I can’t go to jail.”
“I’m Michael, nice to finally meet you,” he smiled, and it looked like he was checking Dean out. Dean didn’t take it personally, though, he had that effect on people.
Dean looked at Gordon and when he saw the look of frustration, desperation, and defeat on his face, for some reason, his heart swelled with the amount of love he had for his friend. He felt the darkness spread to every inch of his entire being and a flow of glorious energy flow through him. He looked at the paused video and saw how helpless he was; he remembered how he had to give up Castiel because of Lee’s actions which Lee had thought were good enough to record and watch. He was no longer paralyzed with fear and a light bulb went off in his mind.
Sam and Dean tried to talk to him, but he wouldn’t listen. He drank more than before. Dean had had enough of John and he needed to get away from him. Dean had enough at home. He was happy that Sam had gotten away from the mess at home, but he had to get away too. He decided that, instead of doing his Master’s degree in Kansas, he would move to California and join Sam.
“Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today-,” Charlie started as soon as everyone was settled. After that, everything was a blur to Dean. All he could see was Castiel standing across from him, his blue eyes piercing into his green ones. He couldn’t believe he was here at that moment about to officially be Castiel’s husband, it was surreal.
“Well, you can come visit me any time.” Dean moved close to Castiel's ear and whispered, “in fact, you can come visit me tonight, I have a farewell gift for you.”
“Alright, but be warned, this part might be a bit bloody,” Castiel warned as he sipped his chardonnay and watched the room.
“Dean? Oh my god, are you okay?” Sam’s soothing voice asked as he knelt on the floor near Dean. He could see that Dean had been crying, his eyes were swollen and he smelled like beer and cheese.
“They are particularly close. It’s not just you,” Castiel answered from the kitchen where he was washing the dishes while Dean watched TV as well as watching Jack play.
“That’s the same thing you said about Nick. Look at him now,” Castiel said softly, he was so tired of this
Cas sighed, letting out a breath he had not noticed that he had been holding. Dean had a point about Jack being their responsibility. But how was he supposed to let Dean die with him? He loved him. No, he was in love with him. He had been for a decade now. Everything he had ever done was for Dean, to protect him. Their fight last year had been about Castiel's choices and keeping secrets that had impacted their lives in a horrible way, so for now, he chose to agree with Dean.
“That’s true. He’s a giant idiot and I love him for it,” Eileen reiterated. Awws and laughter echoed around the room as Jessica brought in more drinks.
“Maybe some other time then buddy,” Dean sighed in exasperation, looking at his son who was trying to bite his squishy ball.
They had dinner and stayed up late trading embarrassing childhood stories. When they went to bed, Castiel showed Dean how much he loved in the most intimate way. Watching Dean fall apart beneath him was the most beautiful thing Castiel had ever seen, and he wished they could stay like that forever.
“You know what, I’m going to pretend that this conversation did not happen,” Dean said, walking away embarrassed but feigning nonchalance.
“Hold on,” Charlie interrupted. “I thought you said this story was going to get bloody. Where’s the blood?”
“You know, I thought nothing could break him more than Alfie’s death but you did,” she accused, playing with her food then she dropped her fork and sipped her wine. “After you, he broke hearts left and right. Do you know how many young men and women I had to pacify? And when I thought he had finally found someone to settle down with, he broke his engagement to Amelia mere days before their wedding.”
Zachariah was Dean's boss and the Managing Director of Sandover Inc. He was a tall, balding man with a stern face and insisted on being referred to as Sir.
Charlie had moved to sit between Jody and Bobby which meant the love seat was vacant. Castiel helped Dean move it to the center of the room so everyone had a good view of them.
“No. I just worry about him,” Bobby sighed and bent down to pick a stick. Birds chirped around them and Castiel thought he saw a dear. He wished he had brought his camera with him, but he had something important to talk to Bobby about and didn’t want to be distracted. “You know he had a hard time when his old man died, and I thought we’d lose him for a moment there. Luckily, we got through to him and he started therapy. That’s why I asked.”
Castiel’s heart thudded in his chest and he was almost sure Dean could hear it. He tried to back away but Dean pulled him close gently and sealed their lips together. Castiel was shocked at the least because he did not see that coming, and Dean was not in the right mind to be kissing him, but damn! It felt good to have those pouty lips on his again after all these years. He stood there rooted to the ground, his eyes wide open in shock as Dean ran his warm moist tongue along his lips willing them to open, to give him access. Then, Castiel’s will to fight and common sense came back to him and he pushed him away.
Cain looked at the portraits in Castiel’s home studio. They were mostly of Dean and Jack and a few other professional photos he had taken.
“But it’s lonely, knowing I don’t have anyone to come home to you know.” Dean licked his lips in that sexy way where he would dart his tongue out to wet his lips and then pull it back between his teeth leaving his lips moist and plump. It was beautiful.
“I am grateful for this. This is all I have ever wanted. One big happy family, and thanks to you Dean, I have it. I love you. I love all of you,” Castiel gushed.
They arrived at the house at around eight at night and when Castiel opened the front door and put on the lights and then there was a chorus of “Congratulations!” that came from inside the room.
“It is glaringly obvious. I thought you two were dating, but I didn’t want to intrude. I was waiting for both of you to tell me- when you were ready of course.”
“This is the weirdest combo ever, but I love that it’s a combo of all my favorite things,” Dean grinned as he bit a forkful of pie. Castiel was watching him from where he was seated on the other side of the tub.
“You know I want this more than anything, but I have heard through the grapevine that you and this pretty boy,” he took out his phone and showed it to Castiel, “have been gallivanting around town being all lovey-dovey.”
“We haven’t even talked about that yet,” Castiel laughed. “We have been too busy these past few weeks and this weekend was our chance to talk about it.”
“You need to be safe, Dean. If you keep feeling that way or if you see anything suspicious let me know, okay?” Castiel said as he poured a generous amount of shower gel on a bath sponge and cleaned Dean’s back.
“I just…wait what?” Dean had expected Sam to be shocked at his revelation but Sam seemed unbothered by it. In fact, he was actually curious as to why Dean looked like someone had run over his pet.
“Whatever do you mean?” Michael wondered as Castiel pushed the folders he had come with towards him. Michael flipped through them but he did not understand what his brother was saying. “I don’t understand.”
Dean cried out Castiel’s name because he was hitting all the right spots. Castiel did that over and over again until Dean was a whimpering mess, keening and coming all over himself. Dean clenched around Castiel sending him toppling over the edge. Castiel slumped onto Dean who wrapped his legs tightly around his waist. Castiel kept rocking inside him until his cock was soft and it slipped out.
“After you,” Dean replied as he watched Charlie tap the keys on her laptop, explaining what she was doing. He had a feeling that he was going to enjoy working with his new partner very much.
“You aren’t? Every time I hear sirens I think that they know and are coming for us,” Castiel exasperated and propped one folded leg on the sofa he was seated on and turned to look at Dean. Dean closed his book and did the same.
“You know how most campaigns are criticized for using socio-political issues to promote their products? Most critics agreed that this campaign actually told a story. The models were open and vulnerable. Their emotions were captured in a way that was raw and believable. It was editorial but not vain,” Cain described, tucking his shoulder-length hair behind his ear.
Dean went back to the house, and when he got to the bedroom he shared with Castiel, he was already fast asleep. Dean had wanted to explain the misunderstanding, but he did not want to disturb his boyfriend who looked so angelic as he slept. He was the most handsome man Dean had ever met and he was in awe of his ethereal beauty every day.
“Not quite. Ever since my baby brother died, I have become my mother’s personal project. I don’t want to break her heart, so I kinda have to be there, you know? I live in New York most of the year so I only get to see her a few times a year, so summers are kind of our time,” Castiel explained and wiggled his toes.
“Don’t forget to use protection,” Dean shouted as Sam slipped out of the door. The only response Dean got was a middle finger as his brother closed the door behind him.
After brunch, they helped clean up and prepared themselves to leave. They took a photo for the memory of being in this beautiful place, albeit for a weekend, but they promised to be back for a longer stay. Bobby drove them to the airport and before he left he called Castiel to the side and told him, “Please take care of my boys, both of them.” It was at that moment, Castiel knew that, although his father was alive, he had just found the one man he would always go to for fatherly advice.
“I honestly don’t know. I was scared that if I ever did he’d say no,” Castiel laughed. “Him asking me first caught me off guard. I had a whole speech and poem prepared, and I was going to ask for your permission too.”
“This is so good,” he said as he bit into the savory sauce, and Naomi nodded pointing to her risotto with her folk. They ate quietly for a while and then Naomi broke her silence.
After the guests had left the previous night, they had been ecstatic and their hearts were so full of joy. It somehow turned out to be a wild night for the couple. It started by jumping in the pool with their clothes on and making love in it. Afterward, they got out of the pool and washed the chlorinated water from their bodies in the shower outside. They couldn’t keep their hands off each other as they showered and ended up making love again. They were exhausted by the time they went to bed so they slept naked.
“Seriously babe? So what kind of casket are you getting me?” Dean plopped his head on his hand and watched Castiel with a curious look on his face.
“I’m the captain, you’re more like my cabin boy,” Dean laughed, biting his bottom lip while looking at Castiel’s lips.
“Mom, where’s aunt Amara?” Castiel interjected before his father could continue grilling Bobby as if he was a criminal being interrogated.
They sat back up again and their clothes came off in record time, hands grasping, tongues licking, mouths sucking, somehow, they had ended up laid on the bed with Dean on top of Cas again, his erection poking Cas’ thigh. Cas was running his long fingers down Dean’s freckled back while Dean’s mouth sucked on his tongue. Dean stopped and looked at Cas, green eyes now dark with desire, pink lips swollen and almost red.
“So me telling you I like you over and over isn’t enough? What more do you want?!” Dean glared at Castiel who sat in shock on the sofa looking at Dean’s face contort in anger.
Dean had lied. That was not the whole truth, it was a very small part of it, but if he wanted this night to go on without a hitch, he needed to tell Castiel why he did what he did, even if it was a partial truth. He just hoped he would take it well and forgive him.
“I love you,” Castiel whispered and they both leaned forward and kissed each other. “Just know that even if we do end up in prison…”
“Yes. It’s Valentine’s Day and I just selfishly wanted you all to myself,” Castiel smiled at Dean and put his now-empty champagne flute on the table. “Shall we?” He stood up and gave Dean his hand.
It wasn’t long before Castiel’s cock slipped out of Dean and Castiel got off of him and asked, “Ready?”
Later in the evening, they went to the Secret Wine Cellar for a small party that, unsurprisingly, got way out of hand. It consisted of Castiel, Dean, Lee, Gordon, Claude, Bela, and Uriel up. Castiel and Lee had bought a few bottles of
“Look babe, I had fun with the guy and I like how he talks,” Dean explained as he removed a pair of very colorful socks from one of the bags and showed them to Castiel. Castiel gave him a ‘they are dope’ sign and Dean continued. “Besides, my dad always told us that we were of Irish and German ancestry so maybe Mick awakened that part in me.”
“What’s wrong?” Castiel asked as they turned the corner into their building. Castiel punched in the code to the backdoor entrance that led to the garage. They usually used the garage backdoor entrance whenever they came from their run. Dean was rubbing his hands together and jogged up the stairs to their home.
It was an event for new and upcoming artists and photographers, so he didn’t let it get to his head that people might revere him or his work. He requested to remain anonymous though because he did not want to get his hopes up for nothing.
“Except not all the money made it to the US bank. See, there are a few zeros missing,” Michael continued as he showed Castiel what he was referring to. “The decimal point in this document is different from what the FBI has. I checked.”
“A key?” Dean looked up at him, bewildered. Castiel’s heart was racing because he didn’t know what Dean was thinking so he just swallowed hard and nodded. “To your apartment?” Dean asked again, taking the key in hand and inspecting it as if it was the most bizarre thing he’d seen in his life. Castiel nodded again. “Does it mean what I think it means?” Dean continued with his line of questioning.
“I learned to cook because of Sammy too," Dean said, fiddling with his glass. "When dad was gone, sometimes for days on end, and I had no money, I had to find a way to feed Sammy. That damn kid ate like an elephant. Maybe that’s why he grew so tall,” Dean laughed, though the sad look in his eyes didn’t go unnoticed by Castiel. “I know a hundred ways to make mac 'n' cheese.”
“I’m sorry, babe, but that was a goodbye kiss. We can’t do this anymore,” he sniffled and moved away from Castiel to sit on the farthest corner of the sofa away from him. Castiel was baffled and his mouth hung open. He was hurt, he cared about Mick and liked what they had going.
“C’mon,” Castiel laughed, reaching for Dean’s hand. Dean took it, clasping his hand tightly in Castiel's as they ran through the rain, laughing.
“You don’t know that. Updating my will is not about dying, I just need to be prepared. I don’t want my children to suffer, you know?”
“They are violent sometimes and other times they are gentle and he’s kissing my neck and I keep begging him for more. I wake up hard, and I’ve been feeling so guilty about it,” Dean looked at her but she was stoic. He couldn’t tell what she was thinking.
“Jack’s onesie,” Dean mumbled and slowly opened his eyes. Sam laughed and Bobby smacked him on the head.
"Dean, I was there at the beginning of time, I know how sex is performed. I remember this Chinese emperor back in the…"
“Yeah. Go for it,” Dean laughed, spreading his legs and Castiel got between them. Dean’s cock was still hard and heavy between his legs, his balls tight. Castiel’s breath hitched when he saw Dean's hole, his own cum just leaking out. He had wanted to do this since the first time he and Dean had sex, but he had been ashamed of his kink back then. Then when he had confessed this dirty little secret to Dean a few years ago, he was still scared to try it. But Dean was his husband now, they had been through so much that this seemed so trivial in comparison. Unable to stop himself, Castiel leaned forward and swiped his tongue over Dean’s hole, licking it.
"It was more like five times in one night. I'm telling you the things she could do with her mouth alone I…"
“But why does it matter who he’s with. You two are just friends,” the way Gordon said it, Dean could tell he was mocking him, but he wished he hadn’t opened his mouth. It was going to become a thing, and Gordon would never shut up about it.
Castiel smiled and then kissed Dean. There was so much love poured into that kiss, it made Dean's heart swell.
Somehow Dean telling Castiel that story had brought up feelings of worthlessness-John’s hurtful words, the beatings, the regret, Lee. It was all too much and he couldn’t stand himself. In that moment, it occurred to him that he was not worthy of love or anything good in his life so he kept walking but Castiel was in tow.
“Hi...uh...I...oh my God, it’s an honor,” Sam stammered as he walked towards Castiel and stretched his hand with a smile on his face. “I have heard a lot about you.”
They fell into an awkward silence. Dean was looking anywhere but at Lee, and Lee was looking at Dean wishing he could touch him. He still loved him and having him here in front of him, so close yet oh so far, was torture.
“Dean, would you stop for a minute and listen!” Castiel shouted and stared at Dean. He was not going to let his boyfriend give up on them. Dean’s body tensed up and he turned to look at Castiel with fear in his eyes. Castiel regretted shouting at him but it was the only way Dean could listen to him. “Let’s go sit on the sofa and talk.” He looked at Dean one last time and got off the bed and walked towards the sofa in their bedroom. The view was breathtaking and it always seemed to calm Dean so he knew that would help him calm down a bit. Dean hesitated at first but the pleading look in Castiel’s eyes propelled him. He followed his boyfriend and they sat on opposite corners of the sofa as far from each other as possible. Dean was looking outside the glass door into the horizon. Castiel was looking at his five o’clock shadow.
“So, I saw Mick Davies at the wedding. What was that about?” Rowena asked out of left field, her eyebrow corked. She reminded Dean of Castiel when she did that.
Dean had spent his Saturday morning finishing up paperwork, he didn’t like taking work home, but the smart engine project was too important to not pay more attention to it. He spent the afternoon cleaning and polishing Baby, doing laundry, and cleaning the house while listening to classic rock. Sam would be at work for the whole day researching a case for the judge he was clerking under, so Dean had the house to himself.
“I only did that to save you from heartache Castiel. He’s not good for you,” Naomi reprimanded walking towards him.
Dean swallowed as the stranger’s blue shorts rode up to expose tan well toned thighs and muscular legs that had just about the right amount of hair. The top two buttons of his long-sleeved linen shirt were unbuttoned leaving a sliver of skin with a small amount of soft jet black soft hair peeking through. Dean’s throat felt dry and his head woozy.
“Oh, I see,” Castiel swallowed hard and sipped his drink. He remembered that Dean had also been drinking during the Fourth of July cookout at Jody and Donna’s. Well, look who was a big fat liar.
“Here, I think Nick set me up,” Michael explained, handing Castiel what looked like a bank statement.
“You said you wanted a dog. And then the whole wedding scenario happened and we somehow forgot about it. But now that we’re back and settled, I thought it was time to keep my promise to you.”
“We’ll be there in a few,” Dean said as he looked back at Castiel. “The snow is just so beautiful tonight.”
“Hey, hey, it’s just money, okay? I made some investments when I was younger and the reward was more than I expected,” Castiel explained but this didn’t make Dean feel any better, his mouth opened to say something but whatever it was, it died in his throat.
“Baby names,” Dean laughed and looked at his husband who shook her head. “We’ve tried and failed.” He continued as he massaged Kelly’s shoulders. She had said she was feeling a little weary.
“Yeah, I’d ask you the same thing. Just remember that every time you think about playing the guitar, you will never play again because you are a fucking rapist! And Lee, stay the fuck away from Dean, or next time, I might not be so generous. I might decide to take something more precious like your entire hand or even maybe...your pathetic life!”
“What is it?” Castiel asked softly, turning to face Dean. They were pressed against each other in the middle of the couch, and even though there was space on either side of the couch where they would be more comfortable, neither of them moved.
“Hello, Dean. Why are you up this late?” Castiel inquired as he put his suit jacket on the arm of the couch and slumped on it.
“Uh… sorry, what I meant to say was I’m gay for Cas and we’re dating!” Dean blurted out and sat down next to Castiel giving him a kiss on the cheek.
“It’s not black and white Dean. I think you see him as someone who brings some semblance of balance and stability in your life.”
Charlie sighed and sat back watching as the host welcomed the audience back to the show and did some promotional stuff by mentioning their sponsors for the show.
“But I don’t remember much of it...I was super drunk, I...I think I blacked out. But I told him to stop and he didn’t and I…”
“I am sorry, Cas. For everything,” Dean said after the young man had left. “My dad, he...uh... found out about us. He made me choose between being an outcast from my family, or rather my family and college, and I couldn’t...you know I wanted to be with you, but I just couldn’t...”
Mildred’s soft voice echoed in his mind. He repeated the mantra a few times in his head, took a few calming breaths, and somehow his mind was calm, but he still knew he was seated with a snake. He needed to stay alert and watch himself.
“Y'all thinking of moving to the West Coast?” Bobby asked, turning to look at Castiel who was bent over picking more pebbles.
Castiel parked his ‘pimp mobile’ as Hannah called it outside the boarding house at around noon. It was an ugly gold Lincoln with extra hydraulics that made it look like a pimp car. It belonged to one of the groundskeepers and he let him borrow it in exchange for a full tank of gas when Castiel came back. He could’ve opted to borrow his mother’s 1955 Mercedes Benz 190 SL but it only had two seats and was a pricey car.  Seeing that he wanted to see Dean with the guise of helping his friend Gordon and also keep up his normal guy façade he did not want to be obvious. He had promised Dean that he would find him and knowing every hotel and boarding house in the area, he knew there was only one place they could be.
"I don't want to leave here with secrets. I want you to understand why I did what I did," Dean sniffled back tears, and Castiel stood up and walked to him and rubbed his back. "I felt unworthy of you. I couldn't…"
“Of course I can,” Cas turned to face him, azure eyes piercing into his green ones as thunder clapped outside and a flash of lightning illuminated Castiel’s face. God, he was mesmerizing, the silhouette of his sharp right jaw covered in partial darkness. “But I would never violate your trust like that. I would need your permission.”
Cain? You know the one who has worked with almost every influential person in the world and has won the International Photographer’s Award six years in a row? That Cain?” Gordon asked bewildered.
“It’s where I come whenever I need to be around people without actually interacting with anyone,” Castiel smiled, running a hand through his unruly mop of hair.
“At your wedding. I saw him talking with Balthazar at the reception and I just- I have never felt that way before. My heart was beating so loudly in my chest and my stomach had butterflies in it. And when he looked at me, he had the most beautiful eyes I had ever seen. Anyway, I never saw him again after that until the baby shower and what I felt that day came rushing back,” Max gushed, a twinkle in his green eyes.
“And you let him fuck you?” John’s words cut through him like a sharp knife. “Yes, I read your letters that you had carefully hidden in the wall behind your armoire in your bedroom. And this gay magazine and the gay porn video! Are you fucking kidding me? No son of mine is a
Dean stopped kissing him and walked towards the bed, he had taken over the right side of the bed since he spent most of his weekends at Castiel’s. He walked there and pulled an envelope out of the bedside table and handed it to Castiel. He seemed shy about it as he bit his lip and sat on the bed and fiddled with his shirt.
They talked about Gordon’s business, and whether he had been able to sort out the issue with the name for his wine line.
, but the way Dean’s mood, and their conversation, had shifted, he knew that Dean still had feelings for him. However, he hadn’t been sure since it had been a phone call, and he could not tell whether Dean was jealous or surprised. So, he had gone to see him to bring it up and see his reaction in real-time. Luckily, Charlie had come through with her feedback, so he had the perfect excuse to see Dean.
“You have to choo-choo train,” Castiel demonstrated. Dean watched in awe as Jack opened his mouth and ate his food then he patted the tabletop of his high chair excitedly with his pudgy hands.
“Sorry- I ordered without you. I thought you’d be a while or not show up at all,” Dean said again. Mick looked at him, his grey eyes piercing Dean’s green ones. Dean looked away and chuckled.
“Own it. He raped you,” Mildred chimed in. “It is not a shameful word. You are not a victim, remember? You survived it.”
Michael set down his whiskey tumbler and said, “Yeah. I traveled to the Cayman Islands last week to sign some documents for the closure of the account Nick was depositing the money to.”
“I like this uncle Bobby already," Castiel said and their eyes met. They both seemed to be in pain after talking about the death of their loved ones but they managed small smiles. "To life.”Castiel raised his glass.
on a snowy afternoon on February 14th. Bela looked like she was floating as she walked down the aisle on the fake snow inside the transparent tent. Snow was falling outside forming a white blanket over the tent, it was magical.
“God, I have missed you so much, G,” Dean said, neither of them letting go of the other. After the long hug, they finally let go of each other, grinned, and sat down opposite each other at their table.
Dean looked at Cas in all his glory, naked on his bed. His dark hair was tousled from all the grabbing and pulling, his beautiful blue eyes that were more black now with a ring of blue barely peeking through, his thick veiny neck, his broad strong shoulders, he was gorgeous. His skin was tan and warm when it came flush on Dean's freckled skin, and the moan he let out when Cas kissed his neck and ran his long fingers along his cock seemed to encourage Cas even more. Cas left kisses all over Dean's body while his right hand fisted Dean's cock. All the sensations had Dean writhing and arching off the bed chanting "Cas–Cas–" like a prayer.
“So what if I like getting fucked by other men? Does it make me less of a human being? Huh? Does it make you better than me because you only fuck women? Hmm, dad? What is so wrong with me liking men, huh? Why is it so bad? How does that make me a disappointment?”
“My devastatingly handsome friend here will have your top-shelf whisky, neat,” Dean ordered for him, and Castiel rolled his eyes, but there was an electric impulse passing his arm from where Dean was touching it and it went straight to his brain. He felt goosebumps forming on his hand so he withdrew it from Dean’s touch abruptly. Dean frowned.
“You will just have to wait and see, Samantha,” Dean smiled and wiggled his eyebrows at him. He was glad Sam was suspicious of the wrong thing, but he couldn't tell him that now, could he?
“Ever since he came into our lives you’ve always cared about him more than you cared about me. But what about me, Dean? What about me?” Lee asked, standing up and getting zip ties out of his back pocket with one hand while the other one held the gun loosely. Dean’s heart was thudding in his chest and he could hear the blood rush in his ears. He needed to get that gun somehow but how? It was still cocked and could go off and kill either of them. “He and I have unfinished business, but first, I needed us to have a nice long chat. Uninterrupted.”
When he got to the room, Cas wasn't in the vicinity, he started panicking thinking that maybe he left. He called his phone but it rang on the small nightstand drawer of the bed nearest to the bathroom. He dropped the overnight bag on the other bed and walked towards the bed that Cas had claimed. He pulled the drawer out and found Cas’ phone then he heard the shower running. He relaxed and started removing his boots, jacket and plaid overshirt. He then took out his phone and ordered four burgers and two large fries. He was famished and he knew Cas was too.
Castiel wasn’t sure that Dean was ready to tell the whole world. Not that the gossip columns on tabloids that no one probably ever read weren’t already speculating about Castiel’s
Castiel could not believe what he had just heard. He always thought of different reasons as to why Dean broke up with him - hundreds of reasons, really, but never could he have thought that Dean was going through so much pain. He did the only thing he could do for now, he held a sobbing Dean to his chest and rubbed soothing circles on his back.
“Really? I got those DUIs to cover for your ass, so don’t try and spin this around. What do you want?”
“Thank you,” he smiled, “Castiel, remind me to give your boyfriend a signed copy of my latest edition.” Castiel raised his glass to them and nodded then sipped the amber liquid.
That night, as Dean sat feeding Jack. An idea popped into his head. So once he made sure that Jack was full and his diaper was dry, Dean sang him a song to lull him to sleep.
He had later discovered that Charlie saw him as a big brother as much as he thought of her as a little sister. Besides, she liked girls and had a girlfriend, Gilda. Once he had learned that, the awkwardness passed, and now they were friends who called each other
“You know it’s all love, Red,” Dean laughed and leaned back in his seat, closed his eyes, and enjoyed the ride. “I’m glad you called. I have to admit, the last time we did this before the wedding I hated it.” Rowena gawked at him and narrowed her eyes, not that Dean could see her because his eyes were closed, but he could feel her eyes boring into him. He cracked one eye open but Rowena didn’t stop glaring. “But I will say this though, it felt so good after. I didn’t know how to make an appointment without you so I kinda just didn't care.”
“Okay, if you say so. I just hope you didn’t touch anything in my room,” Sam pointed a finger at him knowing that Dean would relish in the fact that he was making him paranoid.
Once the room was settled, Jody was next. “I’m grateful for you all. You’re my family, and knowing you and knowing we’re a family makes me feel whole,” she said tears brimming in her eyes.
“Liked it? Babe, that was so intense and amazing. My thighs are still shaking and I can’t feel my hands or legs!” Dean snorted. “Best sex I’ve ever had.”
, he thought sarcastically while walking back to the bedroom. He got in bed next to his boyfriend who turned and wrapped his arms tightly around Dean. He fell asleep shortly after.
“I love Nomi, god knows I do, but she just seems to suck the air of the room doesn’t she?” Rowena quipped and patted the seat next to her. “Don’t mind her. Come sit by me handsome and tell me all about you.” Dean looked at Castiel who just raised his hands in mock surrender as if to say,
As the three continued talking, Dean watched as Mick and Max sat at the corner of the inside lounge area laughing about something. Sam was talking animatedly with Chuck, Naomi and Bobby were walking towards the three ladies seated in the outside lounge, while Balthazar and Adam sat on the sofa making funny faces at Jack. He wished that Gordon was here, but he was in South Africa overseeing his new vineyard there. He had said he would be back in the States in August, but Dean still missed him. Nevertheless, Dean was happy that things were going well. This was everything he had ever dreamed of.
“I promise, I will never keep anything from you again,” Dean vowed, taking Castiel’s hand in his. “I want to close that chapter in my life, and I never want to talk about it ever again.”
As they got into the car Castiel spanked Dean's ass and whispered, "You look fucking amazing in that tux. It's a shame that I have to rip it off your body and ravish you."
“This is gorgeous,” Dean exclaimed as he watched the New York night sky and the way the city lights reflected in the water from their table. It was beautiful.
Dean woke up with a start. This time he wasn’t covered in sweat, but he was panting and the morning sun was peeking through his curtains.
Dean knew if he wanted to have a normal life, he needed to get professional help. He knew it was going to be a long hard journey, but, for some reason, he knew that one day, there was going to be a light at the end of the tunnel.
“Really? I’m not a disappointment, dad! Have you looked at yourself in the mirror lately? You sleep in your own puke and I have to clean you up! I have looked after you and Sammy since I was four years old, and I’m the disappointment?!” Dean could not believe his father was saying that to him, not after everything he had put him through.
“Sorry, I like the element of surprise,” Rowena quipped wrapping her silk nightgown over her small waist looking up at Dean with a raised eyebrow as if judging him. “Beer? Really? Come, let’s get the good stuff.”
“What?! Lee, no. I can’t. I can’t do that. I’m not a murderer,” Dean cried out and Gordon moved close to him and gripped his shoulder in support. Lee coughed again and winced.
“I am not judging you, Dean. It was just an observation,” Castiel said again, Dean could hear the rustle of his trenchcoat as if he was moving about or adjusting himself. Dean didn’t open his eyes to look.
“You better be Sammy,” Dean punched him slightly on the arm. “I will need a burger and some pie after this.” Dean grimaced at the salad in front of him and pushed his bowl away.
“I mean we haven’t told you guys everything. There are things we left out like how I had to confront someone who,” Dean took a deep breath to steel himself. Jody turned to face Dean. They were still hugging and it was a little awkward because they ended up smooshed together. They chuckled and let each other go. “I had to confront my rapist, Jody.”
“I see your point Hannah, I do. But I have changed, I swear. Dean is someone I can see a future with,” Castiel said, sincerely.
The more Jack grew, the couple realized that he loved games and finger-plays like itsy bitsy spider and patty-cake. He also loved it when his dads sang him
“Eventful. I met with both of your parents, as you know. They’re lovely people,” Dean said sincerely. They weren’t as bad as he had anticipated.
“G, please. Let me deal with this,” Dean begged his friend. “I know Lee, I forgave you and I’ve moved on with Cas. There’s someone out there for you, it's just not me.”
“The ringer was off? That’s your excuse? So you haven’t checked your phone since you left work?” Castiel asked, glaring at Dean. Dean huffed and walked away towards the kitchen, Castiel in tow. Dean shrugged.
“I know,” Castiel said softly, this time, his hand reached out and touched Dean’s face. Dean leaned into the touch and closed his eyes for a moment.
“I love you so much,” Castiel choked out attempting to keep the tears at bay. “I love you, I love you, I love you,” he kept saying while peppering Dean with kisses all over his face before finally kissing him on the mouth.
“No you are not fine, you need to tell him,” Bartholomew remarked. Naomi narrowed her eyes at him. Bartholomew sighed and walked away.
“There’s this person who keeps calling me asking to buy that portrait of you. I’ve told him I’m not selling but he keeps insisting,” Castiel said. He was seated on a kitchen stool in their kitchen as he waited for Dean to join him. He sipped his steaming cup of tea then placed it on the marble countertop when it slightly burned his tongue.
“Wow, that’s- that’s huge,” Sam said as he stopped his forkful of vegetables midway before putting them back on his plate. “Have you talked to Dean about it?”
“I would like that,” Eileen smiled. Sam looked between his brother and his girlfriend and smiled at them both. He loved the found family they had together.
It was the first week of May when Castiel’s work debuted at the gallery. Sarah showing her father some of Castiel’s work had turned into Mr. Blake calling Castiel to his office to discuss how he wanted him to join his Spring showcase of upcoming new artists which included photographers. It had taken a lot of convincing from Dean and Sarah before he finally caved in.
“I don’t know. Because I am lost, and you are a good person?” Dean grinned showing his perfect teeth as he shrugged his shoulders.
“Where are you going?” Dean asked, plopping his head on his hand watching Castiel wear his robe. Castiel shrugged. “So you’re still not talking to me? Okay. I see.” Dean was starting to get frustrated. He thought that they were okay since Castiel had greeted him back when he kissed him good morning, but it was clear he was still angry about last night. “Cas, what did I do?”
He got out of bed and dragged his feet to the door. He was just wearing his slacks and shirt having removed his suit jacket and trench coat on a hanger against the wall. He opened the door expecting to see Sam but Dean stood there, with his beautiful eyes and pink lips.
“No. I didn’t say that. I just meant that I was willing to wait until you were ready. All I care about is that you are happy.”
Cas didn't wait for the mattress to settle before he had his hands under the waistband of Dean’s pants and removed them gently albeit with impatience. Dean's cock sprang from underneath his pants, hard and leaking pre-come. He wasn't wearing any underwear and Cas almost choked on his tongue from the view before him. Yes, he had built Dean's body and soul back up but at that time, he was an angel whose mission was to save the righteous man, the Micheal sword. The man who would save the world from the impending Armageddon, but now, he was more man than an angel. He loved the man who was sprawled before him, unashamed in all his glory. It had only taken 11 years but here they were, at last, showing their love in the most carnal way that there was and he was not afraid, he knew with this one act, he would be complete. He would no longer be a vagabond running from heaven or not truly fitting on earth but being here like this, he knew he belonged. He belonged with Dean Winchester, he always had.
“We are going to need a stiffer drink if I am going to tell you this crappy story,” he got up and walked to the library to get the decanter and two glasses from the whiskey shelf. His dead-guy robe hung loosely on his body, and it made Cas miss his trenchcoat.
Gordon watched him intently, his face stoic. “Anyway, Sam found me on the floor later, don’t ask. He talked sense into me. I went to Cas’ condo and confessed my feelings for him through the door. I was leaving when he opened the door and let me in. Then we talked for a while and then he said that he loved me but couldn’t be with me because of what I did to him- he couldn’t trust me. I realized at that moment that I couldn’t lose him G, not again. I wouldn’t let my dad or Lee win again, so I just told him.”
Sam and Gordon hugged him as Bobby stood at the door watching the three men, tears in his eyes. He needed to watch out for both of them more. There was an intervention later and it was agreed that Dean needed professional help. Gordon had refused to tell Sam and Bobby why Dean had attempted to kill himself the first time.
“Okay, I think it’s time I took you to bed, Mister. You need to sleep,” Dean stood up, took Castiel’s bottle out of his hand, and helped him up. “Goodnight uncle Bobby, we’ll see you in the morning.”
“It’s good. It is everything I’ve wanted to do since I was a little girl,” Eileen beamed. Castiel knew all about the joy of doing what one loved.
. Castiel walked to the entryway and hid behind the wall and watched Dean play it. There was a bottle of Macallan on the piano, a bandage on his right hand, and he kept wiping tears from his eyes. Something in Castiel broke, listening to it and seeing his boyfriend so melancholic. It evoked a sort of sorrow inside him that shattered his heart. He realized that the song was about them- the shit he had put Dean through for the past few weeks. Dean had stayed and tried to work things out, but Castiel hadn’t even tried at all. He’d been insensitive thinking that he was protecting him, but what he hadn’t realized until now was how his actions had impacted Dean.
“I just think I rushed into the whole having a baby thing. My brother always says I make the heart choice instead of the smart choice and he’s right. I was selfish and I just wanted Cas and me to have a family that we never had. A happy one.”
Dean had wanted Cas since the moment he had talked to him for the first time back in that warded old barn. He was handsome in a celestial way, his too blue eyes with galaxies dancing inside them, his jet black sex hair, his too pink lips, his strength and the span of his wings. All of it; his essence and power that Dean could not yet comprehend. Twelve years later and he still did not understand it. It scared Dean in that exciting way. He was intrigued and he knew he had to have him.
“I don’t know what to say. I’m just glad that in a small way, I impacted a social change,” Castiel opined.
“I already RSVPd. It’s a whole thing that my mom has organized, and, since everyone will be there and happy, I thought it would be perfect for you to meet them then.”
“Maybe,” Castiel laughed and shrugged as he turned to look at Dean. Their eyes met and Dean shook his head. Castiel really was something, and as much as Castiel and Sam were friends, Dean needed to call his brother.
“I don’t like exploiting people. Give that to her, it’s a thank you from me. I would’ve paid a P.I. more anyway, and I probably wouldn't have gotten the results as fast,” Castiel said, pushing back the check to him. Dean took it and put it in an envelope.
“No!” Gordon protested. “I don’t think you’re going to do anything to us because you’re already scared and I know you don’t want to go to prison. You know what they do to rapists there.”
They had done a few test shots, and Castiel had impressed Cain even more, so he had asked Castiel to join him on a small project he had that afternoon. Castiel had texted Dean that he would be home some time after eight. Dean said it was okay, he and Gordon were having a blast. Knowing Dean was okay, he went on to join Cain.
Castiel had waited long enough, so he moved up Dean’s body and kissed his cock from root to tip and then put it in his mouth and moaned. It tasted so good. It was all Dean, it was warm and smooth and Castiel could spend all his life doing this. He licked, sucked, played with his balls, caressed his perineum, and that drove Dean mad.
Chuck always gave every one of his siblings except him the benefit of the doubt. “Would you say the same thing if Michael had come with this information about me?”
Castiel had not called Dean since he gave him his business card at the country club, and he had hoped to not see him again. At least, that is what he had tried to convince himself, but he knew better. Now, Dean was standing right in front of him looking like some Adonis, and he could not, for the life of him, understand why he never called him.
Dick seemed to ponder for a while and looked like he was about to say no. “Zachariah, any suggestions?”
Once Dean had calmed down, he leaned his back flush to Castiel’s chest and bucked into Castiel again. Castiel thrust into him as he held onto Dean’s chest. Dean reached his hand back and pulled Castiel closer by the nape of his neck. Castiel kept thrusting into him his hand wrapped loosely around his neck and when Dean's ass clenched tightly around his cock, it sent Castiel over the edge and he came biting lightly on Dean's shoulder to stifle his moan.
"Well, it didn't land," Castiel replied, trying to inspect Jack's mouth to see if he had managed to actually chew any pages.
“Don’t shoot the messenger,” Balthazar defended himself. He was caught up in the cold war between Castiel and Chuck that had been going on for two decades now. However, today he was specially caught in the crossfire because he was the one who had dragged Castiel to yet another messy family dinner even after Castiel had specifically stated that Chuck was dead to him, and just because he helped Michael find him did not mean he had forgiven the guy.
going to put himself in danger again, and yet his body wouldn’t move. Lee pulled the chair across from him and sat down, grinning at Dean, his eyes dancing with mirth in the soft lighting of the bar.
“That was uh…” Dean stammered as he tried to gain his composure, looking at Castiel with a smile on his face.
“I know, Cas. I know how you feel. Putting yourself out there is never easy but what’s the worst that can happen? Besides, no one knows who you are so it’s all good,” Dean tried to reassure him, rubbing his back.
“But you hate dogs.” Castiel was confused. Dean hadn’t told him why he hated dogs, but he had told him how angry he’d been with Sam for using the Impala to take a dog he’d hit to the veterinarian. Since that day, Dean never let Sam drive
Dean hugged Castiel and smiled but didn’t say anything. Once they got home, Castiel sat Dean down and asked something he dreaded asking, “Are you disappointed that it’s a boy?”
“Wouldn’t you like to know?" Nick laughed, standing up. "How about you come to visit me next month, and maybe I’ll tell you.”
“Are you okay, now?” Dean asked, lifting his legs so Castiel could clean his ass. Castiel didn’t answer since he was busy staring at Dean’s ass and running his thumb over his puckered hole. “Babe?”
“Jesus Christ, Cas! Warn a guy first! “ Dean shouted as he sat up on the sofa and rubbed his eyes. “Angels, man!”
“He’s pretty hot, it’s kinda hard not to notice him,” Mick laughed, turning to look at Dean. His cheeks were flushed and he had a twinkle in his eye. “What does he like in men?”
“Of course I will, but I know for a fact that he shares my sentiments,” Castiel pointed out. Dean wouldn’t mind that he used their money, which was more than they ever needed, for a good cause, and more so helping Jody and Donna.
“Dean, I can defer my classes so we can both help,” Sam said. They were sitting on the front porch of their house drinking beer, watching the sunset. John was asleep inside.
“Are you okay?” Castiel asked softly. Dean moved from where he was laying on his husband’s chest and got off the bed.
Castiel decided then and there, the next day when Dean showed up at the party, he was going to kiss him and, ultimately, fuck him because what Castiel Shurley could not allow was a gorgeous boy to wind him up and leave him high and dry. So he would kiss Dean and then he would fuck the ever living shit out of him. Then again, he was torn between wanting to fuck him and making love to him, sweet and slow. He had even jerked off to the image of Dean falling apart beneath him over half a dozen times ever since he met Dean. He had never wanted anyone or anything so desperately.
“...he had a shank. It’s this weapon people make from materials like toothbrushes. I was ready to go in for the jugular when-oh hello Castiel,” a tall blond man barged into the room. “Ro-we-na?”
“Thank you, Dean," Cas said sincerely looking at Dean with those big blue eyes that looked so innocent and lost.
Castiel was standing on the opposite side of the bed watching Dean’s back as it wracked with sobs. He was aching to hold Dean. He wanted to hold him so badly so he crawled on the bed and knelt behind him and hugged him. Dean leaned his head on Castiel’s strong arms and kept sobbing.
He was not only dumbfounded that Dean had started listening to Taylor Swift after he had told him that pop music isn’t real music but also the fact that Dean knew all the words.
“Can you stop saying that? I am the one who wakes up at night, woken up by your screams, for the past ten years of our lives. It hurts me to see you in such pain, Dean. I can’t do it anymore.”
Dean let's some people in on a few secrets but they are not really secrets when everybody knows now are they?
themed with lots of champagne and a high society craze. Castiel got to enjoy his party with Donna, Balthazar, Mick, Hannah, and some of his friends from college that he had not seen in years. He had so much fun dancing, there was whisky tasting, singing, cigar-smoking, piano playing, and there was an opera singer, among other things. Castiel had so much fun, but he wished Dean was there with him the entire time.
“It’s you. It’s always been you, Cas,” he swallowed hard and looked away for a moment then back at Castiel who was looking at him dumbfounded. “You are the only guy I want…the only guy I ever wanted. Only you.”
“Half-brother on my part. Could you stop typing for one second please?” Castiel asked, slumping on the chair across from Michael’s desk.
Sam was also changing the direction of his career and had decided to pursue his master’s degree so he could become a law college professor. He had realized that teaching was his calling. However, in the meantime, he would keep working on Wall Street and go for classes in the evenings. They didn’t tell him about Kelly and the pregnancy.
“Hey, Sunshine,” Dean greeted, standing to help his husband with the shopping bags he was trying to balance on his big hands but failing miserably. Dean took two bags and walked to the kitchen as Castiel set the remaining bags down and went to where Gordon was seated.
He was used to this. They had been doing this for over a decade now, and the nightmare may have changed, but Dean had always had them. They had stopped when he had come home from his summer in Europe, but then they started soon after he started college, and had gone on for a long time since then, on and off, and now, here they were again. They had been gone for two months, but now they were back.
“The only thing I need is you, Cas,” Dean whispered, staring at Castiel’s pink full lips. Castiel felt the heat in the room rising. He rubbed the back of his neck and licked his now very dry lips. He wanted to say something but his throat was dry.
“Good Morning, handsome,” Lee greeted Dean and kissed him. He was laying next to Dean in bed shirtless with a smug smile on his face, his blue eyes were dancing over Dean’s equally shirtless torso. From the feel of it, Dean was fully naked.
“Well that's your truth not mine, so keep your opinion to yourself. I won’t sit here and let you or anyone disrespect Dean like this," Castiel huffed, throwing his napkin on the table and standing up. “Dean, let’s go.”
“Of course I miss him but it’s not that. I feel like everything is going too fast, you know,” Dean said as he chewed on a crunchy chip. “Everything is changing. You’re leaving and I’m getting married! I’m getting married, Sammy! To the love of my life who also happens to be a multi-millionaire and a man. I don’t...I can’t even wrap my head around it.”
The interior was clad in pristine white, and the large floor-to-ceiling windows ensured that the line between the indoors and the charming landscape outside wasn’t blurred away. They had a captivating infinity pool that overlooked the lake and a sunken outdoor lounge. Castiel had allocated himself a small patch of land next to the kitchen for a flower and herb garden.
“We’ve heard so many wonderful things about you,” Castiel smiled at her. Sam and Dean were goofing around on the side as they always did.
“The other night, what I said about Mick, it wasn't meant to make you feel bad or anything,” Castiel explained as he fiddled with a paperweight on Dean’s desk after a few minutes of awkward silence. He couldn’t meet Dean’s eyes.
“What’s going on, Dean?,” Castiel asked in a soft voice. His eyes meeting Dean’s. They looked at each other for a moment then Dean sighed and looked away. “Is it about our marriage? Did I do something wrong?”
“Woo! Told you!” Dean whooped as he put the cue back on the table. “I told you I’d win. Where’s my money, Samantha?”
“Cas?” Dean asked, but Castiel didn’t say anything. He was ushering him through the glass doors of a well-lit, rich smelling doorway after greeting the doorman who had nodded in respect.
“But you are not your father, Dean,” Mildred told Dean for the umpteenth time since Dean walked into her office that evening..
“That doesn’t don't sound bad,” Castiel moaned as Dean kissed his neck and ran his hand up and down Castiel’s big cock that was throbbing and leaking pre-come from Dean’s ministrations.
“Hey Cas. Did I catch you at a bad time? I can call back if you are busy or something,” Dean rambled as he stood up from behind his desk and started pacing the expanse of his office. Of course it was a bad time, it was four o’clock in the afternoon, and Castiel was a busy man. It had been two days since his conversation with Mildred, and he knew that he had to take a step towards his healing.
“It’s Lee,” came the voice from the other side and Dean almost dropped his phone as he stood up abruptly.
“Thanks, Cas. I mean it,” Dean said as he moved to sit on Castiel’s lap. He stared into those big blue eyes that reminded him of the ocean, or a kitten sometimes.
“I am still waiting for her next instructions,” Jack said as he took a huge bite of his pancakes and poured more syrup on the ones on his plate. Now he was acting like Dean, Dean observed.
“We loved your, uh, your resume and video, but we had just one question,” Dean chuckled nervously and glanced at Castiel to help him out.
“Can you even hear yourself?” Uriel asked, astonished at Castiel’s lack of a guarded answer to his previous question. “This is not you, man.”
“I’m sorry that I put you through hell again,” John said softly one night as they were having dinner. “You deserve a better father.”
?” Castiel countered and Dean seemed taken aback. He fumbled for words but it seemed none were forthcoming so he just gawked at Castiel. Castiel stared back.
“Hey, Jack. It’s your papa,” Dean greeted his son in a shaky voice, kissing his tiny little head that smelled like sunshine. “I love you so much.”
“So you were just going to confess your feelings for me and then just leave?” Castiel asked, looking puzzled. He was wearing a robe that matched his silk pajamas and tied it loosely around his waist.
They checked into a cottage that overlooked Lake Aydat, and they both had their own rooms that were adjacent to each other. They took their luggage in and then freshened up a bit after their ride there. They had both decided that they would start with horse riding and then do the rest of their activities during the next two days. Once they had rested, Castiel drove them to a small farm two kilometres from their cottage where they got two horses and a tour guide to show them around. They ended up in a forest with a small stream and all sorts of birds and small animals. It was a breathtaking experience, especially when Dean decided to show his horse riding skills and rode off with his mare. He ended up on top of a hill overlooking rolling green plains with animals grazing. When Castiel finally caught up with him, Dean had this blissed out look on his face which in turn made Castiel smile. After riding for a few hours and enjoying the natural features, they decided to head back to the cottage.
Charlie rolls her eyes and giggles, not taking Dean seriously, “What can we talk with him about then?”
Or maybe not on the actual stage… Castiel could barely give an in-class presentation without sweating or stumbling over his words. But he wanted to apologize and make up, and he wanted to do it sooner rather than later.
“How many moles of natrium do you need?” Castiel asked, pointing to a blank lab recipe, which Dean seemed to tend to fill out like a mad libs leaflet.
“I’m not a zoology professor or anything fancy,” Dean says as he slows the boat once they’re deep in the bayou.
Time flies when you have fun, Castiel discovers. And he’s down to his last week here. His last four days, actually.
The guy found them shoes (Sam had to settle for two numbers too small, the gigantor) and set them up at the designated lanes.
“No,” Cas says honestly, wiping his mouth with a paper towel before dumping it in his empty bowl. North Carolina was different. But then there’d been no guide like Dean.
And it’s a wonder that Dean’s even standing in the first place, what with Cas in a white button-down, sleeves rolled up to his elbows and his hair all tousled.
The second and final act was just as magnificent as the first one, and Castiel made up his mind about talking to Dean that night. After the show, he would wait. Until all of Dean’s friends and his family and his peers had congratulated him, and after he’d celebrated with his co-performers in the locker room, after everyone had left. Castiel would wait until then, and he’d find Dean as he was leaving, and he’d explain.
Dean would kind of have expected them to be naked by now, but the movie is already playing and Cas is laughing at the dumb cheerleader tryout flashback. He didn’t expect sex, he’d promised himself to not be that douche, but seriously? They’re like halfway there. And this movie really isn’t good enough to choose over sex. Or at least third base.
“Seeing you in that maid outfit, oh,” he latches onto Dean’s neck for a moment, “so fucking hot. I wanted to fuck you in it. Right there on the table.”
The boyfriend looks kind of taken aback, like Cas is being unnecessarily rude. “It’s disgusting,” he says, like it’s a fact. And Dean does suddenly feel disgusting.
“Hey, we booked a couple of lanes. I think in Charlie Bradbury’s name?” he informed the guy behind the bar.
“We met a few weeks ago at some party over at Delta Phi. We got to talking because we were both designated driver, so the party sucked,” Dean says. “He’s this nerdy business major. I thought he was cool but I didn’t really think I’d meet him again - frats didn’t really seem like his scene, you know.”
“Ugh, fine,” Sam sighs and closes his laptop before placing it on the coffee table in front of them. He turns to Dean, “Hey, when are you leaving?”
“I missed you,” he breathes against Dean’s mouth and his breath is sweet with cappuccino foam and powdered sugar from the pastry he only had one bite of.
Sam blinks at him, clearly regretting his decision to live with his older brother while they both go to college.
“Sorry,” Cas says and begins opening the door. Balthazar steps back to give him space. “I didn’t realize you were waiting.”
Sam looks away briefly, wetting his lip. Then he looks back up at Dean. “Is Cas the non-sorority finance major you’re seeing?”
Castiel sighed. He already had plans with Dean. But they were not going to study today, and Castiel had been slacking since the new development in their relationship. He’d just text him to reschedule. “Okay.”
Dean leans sideways to look at Cas, “Dude, I haven’t even seen converse all stars since middle school.”
“We’re having a movie marathon night. Benny got this projector he’s gonna set up and we’re gonna make pillow forts,” he holds one of the papers out to Meg, “You should stop by. There’ll be elaborate drinking games.”
Dean hands in the full written proposal with fifteen minutes to spare, and the next two weeks should have been sleep and work, but the fucking
“Alright. Half the students are having breakdowns over finals and the other half has already gone on vacation mentally,” Castiel sighs but he seems to be in good spirits.
The tutor was gorgeous. And crazy smart, and so far, pretty good at covering the material in a way that Dean could understand. But he had a broody quality about him. Like when they had first met, Dean had tried to flirt with him because, gorgeous person = you flirt, that was just how Dean’s brain worked. But Castiel had just stormed off for the library and gone straight to work.
“Like yeah, you’re hot and all, but it’s not the fucking event of my life to be sailing a hot guy around for a summer.” Dean spews next and Cas is still angry because it takes a few seconds to separate the words from the tone of voice and hey, that was a compliment, but then Dean moves on.
Castiel leaned back and Dean swore Cas would have blushed if that was a thing he did. “Oh, I don’t know. I’ve thought about it. You are all nice, but outside of you I really do find social interaction quite… terrifying.”
Castiel’s blush deepened and he handed Dean a sheet of math problems, which cooled Dean’s mood instantly.
He doesn’t forget to break their meeting up before it can escalate though, “Yeah, that’s great. Let’s go get breakfast, Cas.”
Charlie rips out a piece of notebook paper and hands it to Castiel, who starts writing what Meg dictates with a mechanical pencil.
Castiel thanks him and goes straight to his room to take a shower once he’s gotten the room key. It’s only 4 in the afternoon so Cas can’t just go to bed, even if traveling wills itself to exhaustion.
Before Sam could comment on Dean’s ridiculously bright smile, the others showed up and they got to bowling soon enough.
Castiel shrugs, “I find it interesting. My dad writes historic novels so I suppose I grew up with it.”
Castiel did his best not to blush and failed miserably when Hanna burst out laughing, “I see, very busy tutoring,” she shot him a look.
“Impress you?!” Dean barks a laugh. “That’s hilarious! Why would I care what some dusty old professor who can’t even take a joke thinks about me?!”
On Thursday night Dean puts on Every Which Way But Loose because he can only watch it when Sam is gone, and does thesis work while it plays in the background. He also spends a few hours staring at his account balance after the movie has ended, but goes to bed at 2am pretending that he didn’t.
“Yes?” Castiel said, unsure of the situation. As much as he could go on waxing poetic about Dean, he’d really rather not talk about him.
Castiel smiles and nods. He puts what Dean realizes is his missing jacket down on the next chair and then takes his seat. What if he’s just here to return it?
Castiel shrugs and looks down embarrassed, which is the last thing Dean wants Cas to be, “I just… I couldn’t stop thinking about how I hadn’t told you. For so long, I hadn’t told you. I just felt guilty.”
They’ve rehearsed all week but Dean has never performed with any of them, has never performed without Benny, and now Cas isn’t even here, and Dean just hopes he makes it through. Before he can work himself into a frenzy the music starts, and he gets fully into character.
Dean sits down and pulls Cas with him, and it’s a tight fit but they manage. He finds a beer pushed into his hand, courtesy of Dean.
Castiel glares at him but tries not to because the man did just buy his drinks, but Castiel could have paid. He’ll buy the next round.
Cas tilts his head and with a straight face he says, “Aren’t you a little old to be trick or treating?”
“Definitely didn’t see that one coming,” he says, just to say something, the silence too oppressing.
They turned to each other and Castiel hesitated. Dean leaned towards him and kissed him. Castiel got over himself and stuttered out, “Would you like to come inside?”
Castiel looks kind of lost, probably because he just got here and expected to study, but oh well, he should have known.
They’re not holding hands because Dean still has hang-ups, but Cas holds the door open for Dean and Dean walks backwards through it, telling Cas about when he and Sam saw the largest ball of twine twice.
Dean comes over with a pitcher of margarita and three plastic tumblers that are supposed to fit the Taco Tuesday aesthetic in some in-explainable way. There’s an umbrella in the pitcher. Dean suggests some drinking games but Meg and Castiel don’t want to play a frat drinking game with a frat bro, and they end up playing a hybrid of some sort, because Castiel can’t remember all the rules and Meg also wants to mix truth or dare into the game.
“Right, yes, that was her. It was eventful but any time with Anna is. But I managed to turn in my written proposal in time.” He says the last part with a relieved smile.
He knew Castiel had said that they might just study, but something about the way he had said it had Dean optimistic.
“I need fucking silence! How can you work in these circumstances?” he scowls at the bookshelf next to him, which he knows hides the offending girls.
Dean melts a little at Cas calling him Baby. He sighs, taking in Cas’ words. “You’re making it kind of hard of freak out.”
“Oh,” Hanna said, “Did his mom find out about you two or something?” a glint in her eye was all that gave her humor away.
“Too close to finals?” he asks. He’s a pro at talking people into partying and he really wants Cas to com- to be there.
Sam twists the chair with his feet on the floor, never able to sit still, the overgrown child, “And you’re dating?”
Cas smiles at him, genuine. He’s missed Dean. No matter how short a time has passed, he’s missed him.
Mary gave him a knowing smile, “I’m thinking it’s not all rehearsals, sweetie. I can smell your cologne.”
Castiel frowned and turned to see who Dean was making eyes at. When he saw the blonde, he turned back to glare at Dean, annoyed at his lack of attention, “If you find it hard to concentrate at the library, perhaps we should study elsewhere.”
“I believe I’m the one who should be calling him,” Castiel admitted. He’d thought about it all weekend but had a hard time mustering up the courage. Actually, he’d been spending a lot of energy trying not to look at his phone at all.
“If my spreadsheet calculated your schedule correctly, you should have a math quiz coming up. We should review the past chapter.”
“I have them. You forgot them because they weren’t stapled to the rest of the papers, so I just put them in my bag. I have them right here,” he pulls his bag that he left by the door closer to him and procures two sheets of paper that sure enough are Dean’s missing pieces.
Cas’ stomach flutters with butterflies. “Maybe I’ll find something else,” he says and stares at Dean, gauging if Dean will let him. It probably comes off all intense, like he usually does.
Dean’s stapling glitter balloons to the ceiling in the living room while Benny holds the ladder on the day of.
“I guess I can try to make it more obvious,” Dean replies, turning to Cas. He can barely make out his features in the darkness. Just his silhouette, the contours of his face.
Dean finished his work not long after, and Castiel helped him out with chemistry, even though it was not not included in the tutoring deal. Call it preventative work.
Dean leans back in his chair, “Don’t worry about my grade, if there’s anything I’ve learned from four years of college it’s how to bullshit a paper.”
John had gotten her one of those shiny, fancy stainless-steel espresso machines last Christmas. Most likely out of guilt. No one in the household particularly cared about the quality of their coffee as much as they cared about their caffeine levels. Dean had spent too much time hating John already, and if John wanted to pretend that fancy kitchen appliances made up for abandonment then Dean didn’t care enough to fight about it anymore.
The librarian comes to the rescue and shushes them, and Dean makes it all the way through the page before the girls burst into another fit of giggles. Dean is going to explode.
“Yeah, his girlfriend broke up with him recently, so, I don’t know. Just thought it’d be nicer than a TV dinner,” Dean shrugs and then gestures to the empty chair next to him, “But I’m sorry about Hanna. She seemed nice.”
He had told Cas, who hadn’t actually replied. But Dean knew he was busy with the debate team on Thursdays, so he didn’t think about it. He was a little forgetful in that adorable genius way.
Bobby takes off one cap and puts on another. “Where is that boy?” He mutters to himself and Cas stands awkwardly in the open door. He looks out of the window that has a view of the dock and the bayou.
Dean nods as he listens. Despite his physical responses to Castiel, he still sometimes has a difficult time relating the Jimmy he’s jacked off to so many times to the Castiel he’s getting to know. As Castiel talks about his experience, he remembers Carmen who he had dated (meaning fucked around with for a few months) in undergrad. He wonders if it’s normal that he’s now met two people he’d recognized from porn or if he has problem. Maybe he’s just lucky.
“Uh,” Dean looks at Cas. He’s not sure what the plan is. He’s not ready to leave Cas for the day, and it’s not like they haven’t spent the night together before but he’s never sure what Cas wants.
A couple of people greet Dean as they pass, with various numbers of teeth. Dean greets them back, not stopping to chat but just pulling Cas with him. A blonde teenaged girl says “keep it down will ya?” With a smirk and Dean flips her off without even looking in her direction.
Dean gets into the Impala. Yeah, he’ll definitely call him. Sam will probably call first though. To ask how you get glitter out of your hair. Dean grins evilly.
Dean leans back to pull his jacket off and Cas struggles out of his coat too. Both get discarded on the floor as the men reattach like they’re starving without each other’s lips on their own.
The smile on Dean’s face took on a different note though didn’t wane. It just looked more disappointed, “I think you know what I’m saying, Cas.”
“Nah I know, it’s for your patience. Though I know you have to have a lot of it to be dating Dean in the first place,” she says, grinning playfully.
Cas rolls his eyes but smiles at Dean’s antics. “It probably won’t crash. Text me when you get home, so I know if I need to get you anything for Christmas or not.”
“Gotcha,” Dean says on his way out of the door, shrugging Sam’s old jacket on. His jacket is still at Castiel’s apartment, and he still hasn’t called.
Dean heads to the bathroom while Castiel gets out of bed because Castiel is apparently not a morning person, and goddamnit does Dean love learning new shit about this person.
Cas has his nose buried in his laptop, a stack of what Dean can only presume, based on personal experience, to be comp notes at his elbow as well as a couple of textbooks.
Dean isn’t blind. He knows there’s a pretty big age difference between them, he knows Cas is 39 and looks 39, and that he is 21 and looks 21. He’s aware. And he’s not stupid. But he hasn’t really thought about it. Actually he decidedly hasn’t. Because he’s in love. He loves Cas, and he wants to shout it from the roof tops. He takes him to Starbucks instead.
Sometimes Dean wakes up at the ass crack of down. Ever since he was a kid. He’ll twist and turn for a bit, try to fall back asleep but more often than not it’s fruitless. Those days Dean may just as well get up and get his day started. He can only lie and stare at Cas sleeping for so long. Especially once he turns over, so Dean’ left staring at the back of his head.
“Oh, he just wanted to point out everything I’m doing wrong with my life. You know, how I’m so selfish for going to school when school is your thing and I can just fix cars for Bobby. And how I’m disrespecting Mom for being ‘gay’, and how I’m a shitty fucking son for not supporting my dad when he’s going through a ‘rough patch’ even though
“Wanna go get a beer?” Dean asks. He’s walking backwards through the biology wing, facing Cas. He takes in Cas’ professor get-up as he walks and wishes he’d spend a little longer kissing him in his office. Or maybe spent some time under his desk, if you catch his drift.
“Mosquito repellent?” He holds out a jar of a light green balm. Castiel accepts the jar and turns it to read ingredients but he finds none. Actually, the balm seems to be in a empty jar from Lush. He squints. He knows some mosquito repellents have a lot of nasty stuff in them. Especially if they are effective.
The dock sways and creaks and Castiel all but tiptoes after the older man. When they get down there he sees that Dean is just a boy, really, college aged maybe, and god, shirtless. Why. Not that Castiel is one for younger models typically, or for anyone really, but his breath catches in his throat at all the freckled skin that’s on display.
Dean is woken up the next day by someone entering his room. He must have been close to waking because the click of the door is enough.
An even bigger reward is his laugh. He is laughing adorably, gums showing and eyes shining as Dean tells another anecdote about his freshman year dorm roomie.
They located the younger hunter first. He was in a motel room with only one bed, currently seated at a Formica-top table, hunched over a laptop. It looked like he was drinking straight from the coffee pot by his elbow, no mug in sight.
Things go pretty well for Dean after that. Sam gets into law school, Castiel gets a local summer internship, Benny and Charlie accepts that Dean can’t get drunk during weekdays without too much begging because he has a real job now. The only obstacle all summer is in late August, when Sam asks Dean if he still lives in their apartment or if Sam can rent the other room out and they have a fight that lasts a whole week. (Which makes Dean realize that he didn’t miss one thing from his apartment the whole time since his toothbrush and 80% of his clothes were already at Cas’. 80% of his belongings, really. In conclusion: Sam was right.).
Dean stops in his tracks to look at Sam, “what? You guys have loads in common. You’re both fucking nerds. And if it’s really bad just do homework or exchange embarrassing stories about me.”
“Fuck,” he says against Dean’s slick lips. He rubs his hand against Dean’s pants then goes for the button.
Dean looks at the stars. It’s kind of nice sitting out here with Cas. Even more so now that the others have left. “I’m not tired.”
Dean blinks at him. He is silently impressed with himself when he manages not to laugh at the stupid joke and instead say: “You got any candy? TP’ing is bad for the environment.”
He’s back in no time, and the determined look he shoots Dean as he approaches makes Dean’s dick twitch and he gulps as Cas reaches him and grabs his thigh and pulls until Dean’s leaning further back.
“Yeah, but I didn’t know if you’d need help. You look absolutely adorbs though. Well done on the cinching.”
Dean drives him to the airport four days later, and Castiel kisses him many times. Stupid many times. They’ll see each other again in ten days.
“Shut up,” Dean says and nudges Cas with his elbow. He needs to get out of bed because it is too goddamn hot, “Let’s get some breakfast.”
Dean stuffed the rest of his cookie into his mouth to make his escape without further comment. He sent her a thumbs-up, nodding and then gestured that he had to get going.
“I’m good,” Dean says and makes his way to the couch with his book bag and laptop. He refrains from putting his socked feet up on the coffee table, “Or, actually do you have coffee?”
Dean doesn’t pay attention to those things. He’s new to the gay thing, and only really cares about Cas. Not the rainbows and the voguing and what have you. Charlie says she forgives him only because he’s a ‘baby gay’ or ‘baby bi’ or ‘baby pan’ (Dean hadn’t bothered picking one, he doesn’t care), but she expects his full education to come.
Dean runs a hand over his mouth, “I don’t know,” he sighs and tips his head back, facing the ceiling, “Fuck, I don’t know.”
Dean picks up the glass of clear liquid, “Ever tried moonshine?” He lifts his eyebrow, almost like a challenge.
Dean puts extra focus on stapling a golden balloon over the door. “Uh, I hadn’t really thought about it to be honest.”
It makes a bumping noise and even though the music is loud it’s enough to announce their arrival because next thing Dean nearly falls flat on his back if Jo hadn’t caught him when she opened the door.
He kneels as he takes out the board that Castiel has been sitting on for these past weeks, and puts it down against the side of the boat. Then he reaches for the emergency blanket, one that’s always stocked in all the boats, and spreads it out on the floor of the boat. He moves over on his knees to make room for Cas, and Castiel walks over, arms out for balance before kneeling down to Dean again.
Dean rolls his eyes, “We walked around for a bit, okay? We’re here now, can we just let it go.” He makes his way over to where they're all seated in the middle of the living room and pulls Castiel forward, “This is Cas, everyone.”
Dean thought he was having a stroke but managed to squeak out an agreement. Castiel just smiled and nodded, clearly satisfied, and then he went back to bowling.
