The reminder that they had been forcefully evicted sat sour on Tony’s tongue.  He accused, “You would not let us stay.  You sent us off-world.  How?”
, it was not intentional.  Thor was almost too hot to touch, and his armor was spiky in places, whereas Cap’s uniform was soft, his body beneath it warm and human.  And if, in the indulgence of the moment, Tony leaned into it, at least Cap did not draw attention to it, did not turn around and growl over personal space.  For a moment, for one
Gaze focused on the room’s prehistoric occupants, Steve did not notice how his own breathing shallowed.  He also did not notice his vision tunneling in the dim lighting.
“Indoor voices, people,” Tony complained, looking around the suite with a mixed air of skepticism and discreet pleasure.  “Low-profile, budget-friendly, huh?”
Tony opened his mouth, shut it, then frowned.  He looked even more put out, like Steve had asked why his mother had died on him.
“Honestly, poor fella hasn’t had a bath since we deloused the city,” Tony mused.  “Must feel pretty great to wash off.”
.  He jerked Clint around to first—Clint lost his footing, but Steve just stood, dumbfounded, at the sight of the tennis ball still lying by the base.
“But not this place,” Sojef said, cheerful demeanor back on, in full-force.  “This place is like heaven.  Why would we leave?”
“Ah,” Tony said eloquently, then shuddered at the implication.  Humans enjoyed water-based activities because they were slightly less dense than water: they could float.  But any object significantly denser than the substance it was in suspended in would simply sink like a stone to the bottom, unable to rise.  It would be like drowning in liquid gas.  “How unpleasant.”
Still blinking the schmutz out of his eyes, Steve heard car doors clunk before he registered that the vehicle was no longer in motion.
His neck prickled again.  He left it alone.  “I don’t want Fury involved in this,” he said, voice tight but stern.  “You stay away from us.  Or I swear to—”  He drew in a short breath, let it go.
suddenly piped in from the center of the table.  “Oh, I love this one,” Bruce said earnestly, as Tony set his phone down and rolled his eyes.  Bruce resumed cutting the cake—
Cadmium hiccupped, which might have been cute, except the silence that followed was ominously deep.  Marker clicked quietly, as if to warn Tony off from whatever Tony was not doing.  Then Tony heard the soft scrape of claws on the floor outside the door.  Marker clicked twice in quick succession and Tony saved his own life by dropping the red hatchling and bolting away from it.
Steve had hurt people, he’d helped people, he’d killed and he’d comforted and he’d done everything he could in those dark damp terrible places to be a good person but it was hard, there was no
“You just had to say yes,” Steve muttered in Natasha’s direction, ignoring the shiny trucks lined up in front of him.
big bird, who looked dire despite his own colorful mask, and said, “All right, fine.  But I want props.”
Committing the snapshot moment to memory, Steve stepped forward and, with a defining but still gentle tug, covered the reactor with the edge of the cardigan.  “There are other cars, you know,” Steve reminded, voice low, almost private.  Tony waved a hand dismissively.  “Might even be better cars,” Steve impressed.
“But I.”  Still wondering what sort of poison she could have transferred through a kiss, he did not fight when she lowered the angle of the bed.  “I have to yell at Steve.”
He did know.  If the teleportation room had not been a strong indication of loyalty, the red shirt certainly was.  Red shirts worked in engineering and security.  Blue shirts worked in medicine and science.  And gold shirts were ship operations and command.
They were a lot more intense than Steve was expecting, bright, billowing, miniature lightning rods.  “Wow,” he said, holding the rod perfectly still as he stared into the flame, utterly riveted.  “There she goes.”  He waited until it burned out before dropping the rod.  “Neat.”
“Focus, gentlemen,” Carter advised.  “While it would be advantageous for the Klingons to remain where the Federation dare not follow, it would be equally advantageous for us to know our enemy.  And it has come to our attention that the area may not be uninhabited.  We would like to know who occupies the territory, if they have ties to the Klingons, and if so, what their ambitions are.”
Tony did not respond.  Frustrated but trying to be understanding, trying to be anything but tired and clueless and swamped by the inescapable feeling of
A red shirted teleportation operator checked out as Starfleet.  Scraping his hand on a jutting rock, Tony cursed colorfully, rubbing the stinging appendage against his own black shirt.  “It’s fine, don’t worry about it,” he grumbled, silencing Stovok’s concerned hum.  “We’ll flag a passing ship and contact Starfleet.  We know this area is patrolled.”
, in quick succession.  Then he looked around the blue-lit room, really looked, and remembered: he was in a hotel room, in Chicago, with Stark’s son—in the year Twenty-Twelve.
And there was a whole universe out there, full of countless aliens, more planets than they could ever explore, and enough wonders to satisfy until the end of time, and still, nothing seemed more wonderful to Tony than getting to share the colors of Stovok’s dreams.
Steve resented his own unshakable grim mood, hanging back from the group, willing himself to shake it off.  Despite the warmth of the room, he could feel a chill in his bones.
Marker folded down on the floor mutely, resting his head on his paws, looking up at him with earnest black eyes.  “Demon puppy,” Tony told him.  Marker’s tail did not wag, but he did blink once in acceptance of the nickname.  “Demon puppy,” Tony repeated to the ceiling, shutting his eyes, waiting.
, with more strength that he was expecting.  He went with it, escorted by Tony Stark and their two security guards.
It was a touch more sincere than he meant the almost lighthearted response to be, but Stovok nodded and then twisted to face him, one palm upraised.  Tony tensed automatically.  “You’re not going to pinch me, are you?”
Iron Man did not respond.  It seemed plain enough to Steve that the answer was a pure lie, anyway.  He knew all about the man underneath the suit, even if all records of Tony Stark had effectively ceased less than a year after he had returned from three months of imprisonment.
Tony tried to watch him, but the boy and the Vulcan disappeared around the corner.  Romanova chatted pleasantly with Anij and another woman who stood near Anij’s shoulder and asked her own questions about the
Tony huffed and pursued, Marker following at a congenial trot, almost uppity.  Tony skidded on the blood slicking the—wait,
, but Steve decided not to push it.  He was the stranger, after all—if anyone knew what etiquette was in the future, it was not him.
.  Hopping down from his perch, Tony idled back over to the danger zone and swiped the vanilla extract off the counter.  Then he popped the cap and took a direct hit.  And retched.  “Oh God.  Why.
me,” Tony snarled, almost choking on the word, hunching forward, more scared than angry but angry, too.  Steve would be a fool to not see the anger.
Tony signed no less than four t-shirts for Ice Cream Man, who had plans to share them with his buddies.
,” Tony said, sitting in an overcrowded booth at an overcrowded bar.  “I feed you.  I fed you this morning.”
He had no idea where to even buy a ticket.  The one security guard he talked to outside the building just told him, “Inside,” with an air of,
as he would say in polite company.  A gift was a gift, no matter how strange.  “Thank you,” he added.  “I want that back,” he told Tony and Clint.
Tony took no chances.  “If you bite me, I will bite you back,” he told her as she approached.  She even paused to look up at him, heart-meltingly sweet.  Some of his own anger cooled at the sight.
"You would,” Tony agreed, sitting out in the elements, blue-tinted Actinium curled up around his feet.
Steve toasted it in the fire like a marshmallow, ignoring the errant sparks scattering everywhere.  Tony only noticed when it was almost done, yelping and pulling his arm back.  Steve frowned at it as it petered out.  “Hey,” he complained.  “It wasn’t finished.”
Steve’s posture wilted.  Hunching over the handlebars, he gasped suddenly, an unexpected thing.  Alarmed at his own behavior, he strained to compose himself, stiffening his back so he did not crumple.  He had a strong feeling that, if he fell, he would not get up again.
It smelled like a place that wrote letters to home.  Not home, not even a monument, but a city, like home.
“Half were bonded, half were TNNs—‘tame no-names.’  The bonded ones were the problem.  TNNs will work for food.  Bonded dragons are completely unpredictable.  Some were good-natured and taken advantage of, others were playing a long game, playing it soft.  In the end, it doesn’t matter who starts it.  Once the structure breaks down, you gotta decide who to kill.  It ain’t always the dragon, either.
with undeniable affection.  “Love to meet one’a them,” he said wistfully.  “Not a mean bone in their body.  Probably the nicest monsters to ever live.”
Tony inhaled shortly, then squeezed the pillow even more closely, a sound almost like a growl in his chest.  “Let’s go,” Steve insisted.  “C’mon.  Wake—”
Steve shifted his unamused look to Thor.  Tony flicked the bowl of blueberries back to Bruce, who mindlessly took one.  “Nothing personal, pal, but I court everyone.  And I don’t do doves.”
Tony smiled, still looking away, a big, boyish grin.  It looked almost strange on his face, too young, too bright.  “I think it’s called ‘being together, in Chicago.’”
Steve returned the vacuum to the closet.  And walked out with a bucket.  “You jinxed it,” Tony told him furiously, clocking the Mark XX with the stick.  He held it out.  “You babysit.”
Romanova greeted him.  He shut the door behind himself carefully and followed her out to the grass, then walked a ways from the compound.
A small, chalk-white figure peered down at him, huge black eyes disconcertingly void of irises.  Tony held perfectly still, even as the Nibiran reached out, touched his cheek.
Steve sighed, “Not every day, Tony,” but took a bite and nearly fell over at the strong taste of molasses.  He closed his eyes and frowned, chewing slowly, savoring it.  It was like something right outta Ma’s kitchen.  It was the homiest thing he had ever felt, since her death, seven—so many years ago.
Thor stepped into frame, wearing only a loincloth and carrying a spear.  “Might I have the first kill?” he asked.  Without waiting for an answer, Thor lofted the spear.  “
“You in for a doughnut?” Clint asked congenially, setting down the six-pack on the dining table and startling Bruce, who walked by without a shirt on, gripping a glass full of purple liquid very tightly.  Bruce looked desperately like he did
Thor grinned, a very intimidating close-mouthed grin.  Even sharks knew better than to mess with that smile.  “You are a very strange little man,” Thor declared, skewering a forkful of French toast and devouring it.  Tony made a stomped on sound.  Thor went on, “I like these,” as he shoveled in more French toast.  “What do your people call them, Pop-Tarts?”
If Clint was singing along in full-throated but terribly pronounced Old Norse by the third repetition, Steve did not kill their fun.
“It’s fine,” Tony wheezed, as Peter released him and, inexplicably, hugged Steve, announcing unnecessarily:
He felt he would be sick if culinary temptations were placed in front of him.  Why must they insist on their temptations?  Why must they
He consoled himself with what he still had.  He opened his eyes as Thallium hopped up onto the space beside him.  He looked down at her; she looked up at him.  Despite her greenish tint, she was still overwhelmingly off-white.  A baby, Tony thought affectionately.
Then Thor said in a recognizably conclusionary tone: “And so sayeth we all, long liveth the kings, ‘til the last star burneth out.”
Steve grimaced, an apology already on his tongue.  “Said you’d . . . be right back,” Tony explained softly.
Yet somehow vulnerable, immensely breakable.  The parasite in his chest seemed especially insidious, yet covered in blankets, no one could see it.  Steve understood why Tony hid it.
For a moment, Natasha leaned against his arm.  Then she stepped back.  Steve drew in a shallow breath.  “I’m fine.”
With a careless shrug, Tony said, “He misses Loki.  He might be madder than a hatter but—honestly, I’m kind of impressed Thor chose our side.  Would you fight your blood?”
“It’s to enhance the experience,” Tony said loudly.  “This is what Beethoven heard when he was making
That was the thing that Steve found hardest to reconcile, amid all the other staticky thoughts clogging up the line, making it hard to think over the sounds of the wind, the water, or the shuddering icy breaths of the glacier: It was not merely pretty, passingly pleasing to the eye, but
“Shawarma,” Tony reminded, unfolding his arms and pointing at Steve, apparently for affirmation.  Steve did not grant it.  “It counts.”
“Still hate space?” Tony Stark breezed, reclining on a lounge chair on one of Risa’s many white beaches, a Saurian brandy cradled in one hand.
one.  He slouched a little in Steve’s hold, forgetting himself.  He was pretty warm, too.  Space heater.  “So, uh,” Tony began, words slow, parsing things out, “you come here often?”
“Sea ice.  I like that.”  Watching Thor and Siku for a few calm moments, Tony finally said, “This is awkward, Juliet, but I don’t have a polar bear carrier on me.”  Juliet laughed; Tony could make anyone laugh, Steve thought, watching Siku duck back into his pool.  “Got any of those . . . neat little disposable cameras lying around?”
“No,” Tony interrupted again.  Steve understood why he had been kicked in the shin, twice.  “No.”  Then Tony surgically extracted one card from each of the three piles before placing the trio into a small envelope.  “The killer,” he announced, laying the packet on top of the board.  “The weapon,” he added, distributing a handful of silver trinkets across the board.  “And the scene of the crime,” he added, tapping one corner labeled
“The universe is a vast place,” Sojef added.  “There is enough to explore for . . . ever.  Even when you think you have seen it all, you realize it is constantly shifting.  Constantly
Frowning, Steve scrolled back up the mental worksheet.  “There’s a miniaturized RT arc reactor,” he said.  “. . . Embedded in your chest.”
Tony leaned against the hood of his own car, basking in the sun, looking incongruous in his futuristic sunglasses and stolen outfit.
, Steve thought peevishly, standing up, looking expectantly at Trigger-Happy.  Trigger-Happy merely said, “Captain America, sir.”
as Steve went on and on about Being Brave and Overcoming Adversity or something he definitely had a videotaped equivalent for, choosing instead to huddle like a petrified hedgehog against his shoulder.  “Tony—”
Thor brayed with belated laughter, standing up and declaring, “Behold—your king triumphs before you!”
“Now I feel like it would be redundant to stop,” Steve said, after Clint had recited the three-hundred-and-twenty-one best things to do in Chicago.
were constructed, as Thor carried on his rhythmic, gratuitous, semi-truthful narrative.  Even moody Tellurium deigned to make an appearance, curling up next to Thor, who laid a hand on her back and declared, “I like this one.”
The spear tip moved away.  The Nibiran said something—Stovok could only offer a rather tame-sounding agreement, consonants without vowels—before moving back to rejoin his own family, posture relaxed.  They seemed at greater ease as the elder said something to them, spears replaced in carrying positions.
As Tony crunched over the gravel beach towards the hiking trail, Clint indulged Steve: “I didn’t think you’d come lookin’.”
He had a vision of Thor in the teleportation pod and leaped to his feet.  “Yahtzee!”  At blank looks, he said, “Romanova’s right.  We did transfer them.  Somewhere,” he finished lamely.  “Is this radiation poisoning?  Is my skin going to start blistering?”
The clicks died out.  Snow shook Steve loose; Steve let her go.  Stepping back, Steve weaved on his feet.  Tony punched a soft huff of amusement out of Steve as he grasped on, hugging Steve ferociously from behind.  “Hi, Tony,” Steve greeted him.
Steve took a very careful bite of his burger.  “I’ll gladly make an enemy of you,” Happy told Steve, pouncing on the opening, “to keep a friend like him.”
“Talk to me,” the monster entreated, soft but as forceful as all the others, imposing on him a dire need.
Tony goggled behind his visor at the small entourage, including a male who had stepped forward, apparently the host of the committee.  Standing in long tunics and black vests on the sunny, windswept meadow, they looked exactly like Terrans.  Even convergent evolution—the tendency for life to reuse a good technique many times, such as the separate emergence of flight in mammals and birds—could hardly explain
Looking wounded, Stovok stood up.  “Aww, buddy,” Tony laughed, as Stovok ran the sink and attempted to drown himself.  “What’s it taste like?”
Tony loved space.  He loved the call of the void as much as the rest of them—the yearning to know and experience and
It was easier than relearning the bike.  His original Liberator had been lost to time, but his new Harley had been a futuristic gift from S.H.I.E.L.D.  Everything he owned was a gift from S.H.I.E.L.D.;
Setting his hand in the thousand-year-old groove, Tony shuffled down the mountainside, following Stovok’s gold back.
Luckily for Steve, Juneau was also on the southern side of Alaska.  Unluckily for Steve, it was still a zippy forty-one degrees Fahrenheit, according to the pilots.
Tony waited, as impatiently as possible, before finally crawling back over to the cave entrance.  He frowned.  “Where’s Steve?” he asked immediately.
Maybe in a few years, a small expeditionary committee would arrive, to see what had caused the blip.
Then they were gone.  Stovok waited a full ten minutes before letting go, sitting upright.  Tony joined him, staring in horror at the green covering his hand.  Stovok saw his gaze, looked down, and shrugged a shoulder, baring his teeth briefly in a grimace.  “It will heal,” he assured.
“Oh, yeah?”  Mouth half-full, Tony added, “S’that my new excuse now?  When you come calling, ‘I got caught up’?”
, he thought quietly, releasing him.  “They’re tired and overwrought,” he impressed.  “Whatever’s going on in that—genius mind’a yours, it waits ‘til tomorrow.  You got that?”
“Indeed,” Stovok replied, stepping on shore, looking neither cowed nor discouraged.  He took a seat.  Tony and Romanova followed suit.  “You were speaking of immortality?”
“RAHHHH,” Thor roared, disembarking at full speed, charging into the middle of a cluster of rather peaceful looking reptiles, who all looked over and scattered like bowling pins upon impact.  Not one of them stood down, and Tony sat in the Captain’s chair of the small transport as Thor roared again and wrestled with approximately seven Gorn simultaneously.  It was the most low-energy fight-to-the-death Tony had ever seen.
Steve rested his left arm on the windowsill, smelling the rain ahead of them.  Bruce sat silently next to him, occasionally prodding his leg to get his attention.  Steve glared at him, then looked down at the little note he had.  YOU OK?
Steve got up and took it from him before Tony could make a racket.  “C’mere,” Tony insisted, pawing at him instead, holding onto him.  “I’m cold.  I want my space heater.”
-apple-pies Captain America—found himself arrested by the sound of that voice, weighted with authority, utterly compulsory.  “
They landed on a rooftop.  Steve huffed out a breath, releasing him.  “You dented my plates,” Iron Man complained, looking at his own shoulder.
Barely conscious from the latest batch of morphine but pleasantly numb to everything, like he had plugged a listening device into the room next door, Tony listened to Rogers say, “Just don’t get any crumbs on the bed.”
this part,” Tony impressed, as they hovered one thousand kilometers above the surface of the planet.
Shaking his head, Tony grasped his cane and thudded off.  Steve did not let him get away, persisting, “Something happen?”
.  He gasped out loud, shoving himself frantically to his feet.  The combined motion set off a coughing fit, huge and racking, but he pushed back against Steve’s extended arm.  “The others,” Tony rasped.  “Where are the others?”
He could not force himself to lower his arm.  The simple act of holding the shield in front of his chest brought a measure of security that words could not.  He did not care if he looked foolish; he was
“Here we go.”  Tony set a hand on the table, pushed himself upright.  “All right.  Pho time.”  He stood up.
,” and Steve seconded that, he did, but even as he felt for the wound that was not there, he told himself,
“I been on planes,” Steve reminded.  “I even have a piloting record.”  Their pilot, who had very quickly put together that Tony Stark was, in fact, the real Tony Stark, offered him the sort of nervous,
“I didn’t know,” Tony said, hungry for contact, for tangible proof that this was not a dream.  He ran his hands up to Stovok’s shoulders, cupped his neck, and caught the sunshine yellow of joy and the grassy green of contentment, underscored by a bright white confusion.  Then Stovok firmly removed his hands, gripping them by the wrists and lowering them to Tony’s sides.
Tony nodded, but he was still breathing fast and shallow.  “Hope you’re not planning to hike the Appalachia anytime soon,” he huffed.
“Mm,” Steve repeated vaguely, sighing through his nose.  He concentrated, wanting to stay in the moment instead of drifting alone.  “S’my big day.”
But as he stepped through the doors and back into the darkening city, he saw the big deal.  Iron Man was leaning against an alley wall, one metal arm wrapped around his chest.
Steve bristled, wishing he had stuck to his own devices, rather than sniffing around.  Always find things, the more you looked, he thought bitterly.  “Did you put a tracker on me?” he asked bluntly.
“Hey, hey, hey.”  Rogers gathered him close, heedless of the wires and tubes, tucking him up like he was a child who needed to be held, or a struggling animal who needed to be restrained, or a human in
.”  He nearly flung himself off the bed when Rico put a paw on his back to step up.  “I hate you, I hate you, leave me
Footsteps approached.  Steve knew Stark Senior’s lopsided gait well.  Perpetually off-kilter, Howard seemed to luxuriate in stumbling around drunkenly before dazzling a crowd with his brilliance.  He was so good he could afford to be a fool.
They had not left the Little Bushel Alpaca Farm.  Steve had to wonder what Linda thought of them.  At least she had agreed to hold their acquisitions until Tony had proper transport arranged.
“I enjoy working with Captain Carter,” Stovok deferred, looking up at him.  “I would miss working with her.”
“You are really talented,” Steve told her, because somebody ought to, and Thor was too busy learning and Tony staring in silent interest to remark upon it.  “What’s the point?”
Steve said, “Ha-ha,” automatically, the absurdity of the statement so appalling that it triggered his
“Stark, I had no idea you were the motherly type,” Natasha goaded, having been drawn to the commotion in the adult hog pen.
, “Touch it and I will—”  He blinked as a stack of cards suddenly landed in front of him.  Bruce hurried away from the table, retreating to the small living area instead.
,” Steve said sternly.  “You stay outta it.”  He pinned Clint’s foot under his own before Clint could make a break for the water, applying just enough pressure to pin Clint, well aware that he could break his ankle without trying.
“It’s already got a name,” Bruce grunted, but at least he looked marginally less murderous.  “Nibiru.”
,” Thor seethed, standing and approaching in six brisk strides, clasping the man by the shoulder and a hand forcefully in his own huge paw.  “Wonderful.  Delicious.  Prepare more.  As much as you can spare.  I have changed my mind.  Spare nothing.”
“Yes, you can,” Steve insisted, worming the rope into his grip, anyway.  “Now, hold onto it.”  He started to pry Tony’s hand loose.
Instead, Steve shut his own eyes and rested his cheek against the top of Iron Man’s head, absorbing the magnitude of his presence.
Tony shuffled onto his knees, scooted forward, and grabbed one of Stovok’s boots.  He ripped it off and chucked it off to one side.  He repeated the same with the other, then sat back on his heels triumphantly.
“Be a good boy,” Steve told Rico, sliding off his shoes.  The first rumble of thunder crackled outside.  Rico yowled in immediate concert.  “That ain’t a good boy,” Steve reminded him.  Rico yowled again.
.  But he thought about the alternative—being stranded in the middle of nowhere with only his reflection for company—and decided, “Okay.”
Yet, after the bloody Romulan-Earth Wars, much of the hostility had simmered down.  The Romulans, like their Vulcanic kin, were a highly reserved people, preferring to handle their own affairs.  Their request for aid had struck Tony as unusual, but also in line with a new era of Romulans, especially with the mission's similarities to the disastrous Earth colony, Tarsus IV.  After half a century of peace, Tony could hardly imagine the Romulans lashing out without cause, and Captain "Peggy" Carter had agreed, sending two of her finest men—her Senior Medical Officer, Bruce Banner, and Tony Stark—to meet with the Romulans on their vessel for a preliminary meeting.  It was Commander Stovok who, after the transmission ended, had immediately volunteered to join them.
,” Steve insisted.  “I know it hurts.  But you can’t find peace here.  You can’t find peace in giving up.  This isn’t surrender.  This is oblivion.”  Steve stood his ground but urged softly, “Come down with me.”
Steve waved vaguely towards the closet.  Tony puttered off, retrieving the blue apron.  Tying it off, he said cheerfully, “I’m a chef.”
“Me, too,” Tony agreed, lifting his free hand like he would pet the hog before deciding against it, settling his palm on his own knee.  “Me, too.”
“The deeds,” Clint announced, Bruce in tow, stepping out of the barn and holding up a sheaf of papers.  He offered them to Tony.
Steve stayed where he was for a long moment to absorb Tony’s words.  Tony was offering him a place.  One where Nick—and all of Nick’s men,
“I don’t remember this being part of the deal,” Steve said, squinting an eye shut as Tony kissed underneath it.  “Tony,” he complained halfheartedly.
Tony was reminded, idly and pleasantly, of hours spent in his homeworld lab, painting with digital ink, creating wonderful things.  He loved to sketch the very body of the universe, as if he could better understand it by tracing the anatomy of atoms, the bewildering residents of subatomic existence.  He enjoyed sketching equations, making discoveries through intuitive streams of consciousness, through sheer logic alone.
.  Without his reassuring presence, he doubted Marker would stay long, never mind unpredictable, unreadable Snow.  A strangled noise of frustrated despair escaped him.
As Clint sputtered out indignant curses, Thor paused in his eating to laugh in unbridled amusement.  Iron Man stood up.  “No, don’t go,” Bruce Banner entreated.  “Stay.”
Tony said dryly, “Well, you wouldn’t,” and leaned forward to kiss his nose, making him briefly cross-eyed.
“What happened?” Tony asked, horrified, as Steve gripped his own neck, rummaging around haphazardly in the cupboards.  Actinium was sniffing the blood on the floor, and Tony noticed the red around his jaw.  “Oh, fuck,” he rasped.
Happy made the grab.  He was fast, but Steve was faster, slicing the connection between them with a quick bruising uppercut from the shield, careful not to sever Happy’s hand—not careful enough not to break it.
“They’re not going to let me go home,” he said out loud, stilling Tony’s hand.  He was testing the idea more than securing its truth, but as soon as the words were out of his mouth, he knew they were true.
“Not as such,” Coleman said.  “Just wanted to send you off proper, Cap.”  He held out a small comic, rolled-up and aged but clearly an early edition of the
Clint said, “You’re a regular animal whisperer,” while Steve dared him to make an estimate of how much meat they might carve off’a Ginger.  Maybe twenty pounds.  She was just a baby.
“Lethal neutralization methods conflict with Captain Rogers’ clearances,” J.A.R.V.I.S. reminded calmly from the suit’s torso.
At that, Steve barked an honest, horrible laugh that jostled his torso and brought the pain back into sharp relief.  “Let him try,” he gritted out.
?” he grumbled, setting down his PADD and glaring at the intruder.  Then he sat up at the sight of Captain Carter.  “Captain,” he added dryly.
He returned in less than an hour.  The TV was off and Steve had curled up on his side, facing the couch, heating pad still folded around his left arm, apparently asleep.  Guilt swamped Tony, so much so that he was tempted to do something stupid, like shake Steve awake and apologize for the mistreatment, and instead nearly killed himself on the Roomba.  Silently but ferociously, he picked up the robot, gave it an emphatic shake, and set it back down.  It puttered off, unhurt.
Steve gripped him by the neck again, more gently, and gave him a cajoling shake.  He did not know what he wanted to say with it, other than
, Tony thought ruefully, the twinge in his middle back reminding him that he had yet to take his evening painkillers.
“I’m not like you,” Steve went on.  “I’m just . . . bones.”  The way he said it made it human.  The way he said it divorced him from the serum, from seventy years of ruling as the most famous league-of-legend-of-them-
“Would you rather be stuck out here?” Natasha asked calmly.  Clint revved the engine.  Underneath the sound, Steve thought he heard a muted rumble of thunder in the distance.  When he looked up at the sky, there were still plenty of stars—a clear night.  Still: a storm was coming.  The hair on his nape stood up in anticipation.
”  Then he heard a low growl, like thunder but much, much deeper in the ground.  “Ah.  You ever seen
Clint drove like he was in the car chase of the century.  He swerved violently around obstacles, all while keeping the pedal-to-the-medal.  Natasha seemed unfazed from the front seat, while Bruce had taken to gripping Steve’s shirt with both hands and squeezing his eyes shut after the second near-crash.  Tony harassed Clint incessantly, keeping both knees planted on the back of his seat and insisting that they would get, at most, four rolls when destiny met inevitability.  Clint projected at least seven rolls.
Loud as they all were, their voices paled against the omnipresent roar of the Falls.  For once, Steve could not even hear his own breath.
“Why aren’t you in yours?” Tony retorted, plucking at Stovok’s yellow-green tunic.  “What the hell is this?”
“As to verge on the impossible,” Stovok murmured, then looked aside.  “My apologies, Captain.  I did not intend to interrupt.”
“Think Fury will finally issue me a real uniform?” Tony mused.  Stovok looked at him in his all-black Starfleet outfit and frowned thoughtfully.  “I’d look good in Science blue.”
He marveled at how easy it was to drive, compared to the temperamental roadsters he was used to.  Push of a button, really—it was no wonder Tony was so distracted behind the wheel, given how automatic the process had become.
Tony huffed in irritation.  The Nibiran to his immediate right paused, frowned at him, and hooted back, in warning.  With an apologetic nod to the Nibiran, Tony leaned into Stovok’s shoulder to explain, “Think I found a curse word.”
“Send me back to Hell, existence is pain,” Tony wheezed, pawing hopefully for a bag of cheeseburgers that Happy held out of reach, anyway.  “You
He would feel more strongly about it if Stovok a) was not a commissioned officer, who had assumed the risks when he had first enlisted in Starfleet, unlike Tony, who was a mere provisional scientist and engineer and enjoyed the comforts of interstellar home and b) had worse thermoregulation than Tony.  Vulcans were built tougher than most species.  Where Tony’s teeth began to chatter, Stovok said with only a whiff of annoyance, “It seems highly improbable that no cave systems would form in this environment.  Perhaps it is the low salinity.”
Stovok spared him a look, despite the ever-diminishing visibility.  Then he looked over Tony’s shoulder and said, with something approaching relief: “There.”  Tony turned and followed Stovok towards the rock wall, not seeing what he saw until they were right on top of it.  “This could be to our great advantage.”
And as the sun rose over the planet, Tony could not imagine a more wonderful world than one with Stovok in it.
Stovok turned, regarded him for a moment, then returned to the bench.  “I was told Starfleet would be difficult,” he said.  “I did not imagine where those difficulties would come from.”
Steve cracked a bone between his teeth.  Tony whacked him over the head with a menu, hard enough to make a statement.  “Don’t.
“My first and most universally acknowledged attribute.  Kindness.  Right, Bruce?” Tony said, looking at Bruce.
“Tell me you have brought the Smoked Bear,” Thor stated somberly, standing behind the door in nothing but a white bathrobe.
“You don’t,” Natasha said, her voice very calm and surprisingly fair, given that he had threatened to decapitate her.  “You want to wake up tomorrow.”
“I grew up with dragons,” Clint had gone on, kicking back with him at some indeterminate hour.  “Grew up in a circus, actually.  Same difference.  I wanted a dragon and my brother, he knew how to get one—and all you gotta do is join the circus.
“I know I got lucky,” Clint had said gruffly.  “I got out.  Had to put down three of my own guys that day.  Two dragons.  One bonded, one TNN.  I can still remember. . . .”  He had paused, as if to see if Tony had still been listening.  Tony could not have looked away if he had tried.  Clint had then made a slow-motion grab for his belt, pulling out an invisible arrow, and burying it in an unseen dragon eye.  He held his arm in that position for over a minute.  “The bonded I got from a distance, but the TNN—he bled all over me.”  Slowly, Clint had lowered his arm.  “I regretted it as soon as I did it.”
From the bush, Dr. Bruce Banner emerged, looking spooked but hopeful, even as Tony approached him and quickly embraced him, patting him firmly on the shoulders.  “What the—”
“Can’t do it yourself?” Steve responded, on edge, setting Iron Man down on a broad table that looked like it was built for making suits.
Tony sighed, but in a contained, under his breath way.  Steve was about to make up an excuse, mention that perhaps they had plans, but Tony beat him to it: “Great.  Let’s go.”
,” Tony seethed, ready to cut off the A.I., but he did not get farther before J.A.R.V.I.S. reported dutifully:
With a sigh, Steve pushed himself upright.  Tony chivvied him along with impatient hand gestures and urgings of, “Let’s go,” and, “Not getting
Stovok went rigid.  For a horrible moment, Tony thought he would be boldly tossed aside.  Then Stovok calmed himself, his limbs loosening up again, allowing him to remain.  “I am electing to ignore your provocation.”
” Tony shouted, before Steve performed a complicated one hand hold, one hand grab, covering Tony’s mouth so he would not wake everyone else.  “Dumb cuss.”
“I was out of the game for . . . two days,” Barton said, plopping down on the rolling stool used by medical professionals only with an insouciant half-smile.  “Trust me.  I’m wired for a while yet.”  Slapping his own shoulder, he added, “
“If we had known we would have guests, we would have timed our meal accordingly,” Anij said, speaking mostly to Stovok and Romanova.
Hugging another brown alpaca nearby, Tony said, “I love you.  I love you.”  He kissed the alpaca on the cheek.
.”  He tied off the gauze roll, then chucked it at Steve’s head.  For some reason, he wasn’t expecting it, and it actually made contact.  Tony told him, “I hate you, you insufferable pri—”
Tony finished dealing cards in silence.  Steve physically ached with discomfort, the profound longing to be home.
Marker simply halted beside Tony, close enough he could rest a hand on the dragon’s shoulder.  He was smaller than Snow, and far less dangerous, with his stubbier brow horns.  He was a good dragon, Tony thought, leaning on him.
on your face,” Tony managed, affecting a frown that definitely had no home on Steve’s face, before dissolving into another round of self-induced amusement.
On they went, proceeding in a lopsided and unusual manner through the bird hall.  Steve had never even thought of having a “favorite bird” before, but he found himself drawn to certain ones, including a dark blue one with a red Roman helmet of feathers called a
Tony nearly fell off his throne.  The cloaked figure never came into view, but Tony knew that voice.  “God damn you,” Tony deadpanned, shifting to a seated position.  “You son of a bitch.  You’re here to torment me, aren’t you?”
“Whatever you’re thinking,” Tony started, and then came the Vulcan nerve pinch, and the world dropped out from under him.
“That’s it, the clock is ticking, I’m going to die in twelve hours,” Tony said mournfully.  “So long, snowball.”
“You could say that,” Tony said, a grin breaking out on his face.  A matching grin appeared on Thor’s, undemanding.
Lying down with him was far more intimate than sitting with him on a metal table.  Iron Man’s weight pressed him down, incredibly warm, heavy with the animal knowledge that he was beyond human, enhanced—
“A warbird would explain the crew selection,” Romanova contributed.  “Transporting our Commander and Security Officer—”
“Tell me I’m wrong,” Tony said dryly, grabbing a pen from the nearest plastic box.  “I’ll sign hoods, but then I want you kids
."  Steve didn’t know what that meant, made some anguished noise, distantly aware that the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents were giving them
Steve kept his hood on as low as he dared, vowing to apologize to Tony at the soonest opportunity for doubting his foresight.  It had sure come in handy while searching the rest of the arctic exhibit, and amid the crowd, he felt totally invisible as they worked along with the frantic but helpful museum staffers to coax Thor into a hole-in-the-wall.
Tony fished them out with a long pole, grumbling about billionaires needing to be their own pool boys.  He twisted the wrong way and his back went numb; terror gripped him as he dropped the pole reflexively, struggling to stay upright, away from the water’s edge.
“Are you okay?” the monster repeated, voice shifting, no longer neutral with concern but calm with reassurance.  Tony knew, instantly, that he would not win the battle of wills, that he was too encumbered to even lift an arm to fight.  Hating himself for it, he released the handle and staggered away from the door.  It opened immediately.
Actinium walked over to the pool edge, then hesitated.  Steve said, “All dragons can swim.  C’mon.”  Actinium bobbed his head, wiggled on his haunches, and finally tumbled headfirst into the pool.  After a moment, he bobbed to the surface, all four limbs kicking in unison.  “Told ya.”
things,” he muttered, more to himself than Tony, probably.  Tony’s heart was rabbiting along, while Cap’s breath remained slow and steady against him.  “It’s really not that bad, look, see, there’s a rope—”  Cap shifted, evidently moving towards it, and Tony felt the nylon against his back, even as Cap added, “Just grab the rope, Tony.”
“I don’t think you earned that,” Steve pointed out, as Tony swiped a blue lollipop from the barrel and made to unwrap it.
.  He wanted to say it, but he was afraid to, afraid to shatter a fragile peace, so he creaked across the noisy floor, announcing his presence before he arrived, and pressed a kiss to the top of Tony’s head gently.
“I’ve got you,” Steve said.  Tony wanted to look at him, confirm it was not a dream, but his eyelids were too heavy.  He squeezed weakly at the hand.  It squeezed back.  “I’m right here, Tony.”
.  Stovok looked hardly a day over twenty-five.  Which, if he had gone through proper enlistment and completed his officer's track, placed him around a real age of around eight-six.  Still fairly young for a Vulcan—only a third of the way through his life cycle.
“Many, many words with you,” Tony warned him.  “Like: ‘get out of my brain’ and ‘who invited you here?’”
“I am your people.  You call me,” Mayor Cuff said firmly.  “If you need something, I’m all ears, Mr. Stark.”
“No,” Tony said, as the familiar piano tune issued from the radio at a far more enjoyable volume.  “Jarvis—”
At last, Tony leveled out at thirty thousand feet.  He watched as Marker soared above him, then arched backwards, completing an utterly gratuitous loop-de-loop.  “Attaboy!” Tony shouted.
Tiberius clasped him by the opposing shoulder, a one-armed embrace.  Sore and stiff, Tony could not push him away until Tiberius said, “Absolutely.  Absolutely.”  And suddenly released him.  He stumbled.  Tiberius said, “I look forward to it, old boy, I really do.”  And he was gone.
Tony held up a thumbs-up.  Bruce swallowed and turned back to face his opponents.  Clint was jogging in the outfield.  Thor and Natasha were immobile on the two bases.
In a powerfully bad mood, Tony did not ask why Steve felt the need to run at three o’clock in the afternoon.  Instead, Tony tossed down his towel and challenged, “Check me if I’m wrong, but those aren’t
Steve huffed, softly this time, and heaved himself to his feet.  “Is that so?”  He slipped the shield onto his arm carefully, gripping his hand into a tight fist, feeling the weight of it.  It felt good.  Safe.
“Be dead in a few hours,” Iron Man said humorlessly.  “Maybe less.”  He breathed out heavily, started to hunch forward.  “I don’t care.  I want this.”
A strange, guttural trumpet sound made both of them look to the side, where Marker stood, still caked in sand but upright.  He bobbed his head a few times, then looked at Tony expectantly.
“A lot has changed in three centuries,” Liaison Hill assured.  “We can be very discreet.  We won’t infringe on your colony.”
A long march over a short hill brought him to a small lake, where Thor, Romanova, and Stovok had gathered.  Thor stood in the water, basking in the sun, looking both menacing and at peace, eyes shut.  Romanova and Stovok sat on the shore, legs extended before them.
smart; I can see why Stovok likes you so much,” Tony observed, then shrank a little under her glare.  “I’m listening, I’m listening.  You think they’ll let us take our own samples?”
Tony stormed over to the couch, shooing Bruce off it.  Bruce evicted himself so quickly he landed on the floor with an audible
“Asgard is a truly wondrous place,” Thor said warmly.  “You would scarcely know what to do with its beauty, were you confronted by it.  The air is as refreshing as a cool lake on a midsummer’s day.  The mountains are treacherous and steep and inhabited by
Anij said, “You may speak freely.  We are familiar with travelers from the stars.  We were once interstellar, too.”
“C’mon.”  Steve tugged on Tony’s leg.  Tony hauled himself back up the bed.  Steve pulled him away from the headboard carefully, still using a one-handed grip.  “I’ll make coffee.”
.  The showroom floor was covered in close-roofed coupes and open-roofed roadsters, big slick jeeps and bigger, slicker trucks.  There were coupe-truck hybrids called “sport-utility vehicles,” which bore impressively little resemblance to the low-lying
death trap”—and Commander Stovok, the half-Vulcan who would not hesitate to drag him out, if need be.
,” Thor quelled again, but for all his apparent wrath, he did not smite Clint where he sat, either, listening cross-legged and earnest at his feet.
Christmas was nice.  Tony got to wear a Santa hat and drink before noon, all while berating Clint for ripping open his presents more violently than a hatchling.  To prove him wrong, Clint let Indium, who had shown up to see what all the commotion was about, sniff a box, then absolutely shred the ugly Christmas sweater Tony had gotten him.  Clint then gave Indium an affectionate head rub, prompting Indium to brush his face furiously against the carpet.
Looking among the Starfleet crew, Sojef entreated, “This world . . . it does more than protect us from the stellar radiation.  It protects our very lives.  We are nearly three hundred years old and as healthy as we have ever been.”  Anij squeezed his hand, hard enough the knuckles turned white.  “As Terrans, we would never have dreamed of living long enough to truly enjoy life, but this world . . . this is what makes us Ba’ku.”
Steve took the advice for what it was worth, ignoring Tony until he saw the lights from a small gas station.
, he thought, remaining precisely where he was, curled up in his own comfy foxhole, still a bit dreary from his dip in the lake but otherwise unharmed.
Steve quelled, “We don’t have to talk about it.”  Then, when no one seemed inclined to take the out, he offered quietly, “Not over breakfast.”
Thor held out a hand, and Mjolnir flew into his palm.  “Fare thee well,” he bade them, and took off.
“I’ve never been,” Tony explained, gesturing freely, as restless outwardly as Steve felt inwardly.  “They’re not that far from here.  I wanna see ‘em.”  He looked at Steve pointedly.
Grumbling in annoyance, Tony pushed himself upright.  “You could be less cheerful.  It’s exhausting."
“It’s got a sick beat, though,” Clint said, bobbing his head to the new rhythm.  “Most famous pianist in history was deaf, ain’t that something?”
In a fit of true pique, Tony ripped the hat off his head and threw it on the ground.  “Hey,” Steve complained.  “That’s
“As is mine,” Barton added, wheezing around a laugh a moment later.  High as a kite, Tony thought, fondness arising unexpectedly in his chest, watching Natasha skim through her phone with apparent disinterest, and Barton reclaim his box of cookies, and Thor finally sit at the foot of Tony’s bed and announce:
Tony shook his head, pacing the length of the room, refusing to accept the facts.  Out loud, he said, “Stovok isn’t stupid.  Thor might be, but he’s not going down without a fight.  Hell, I bet the Klingons would be begging us to take them off their hands, if they could.”  Smiling grimly at the thought—he had seen what Thor could do—he added, “If they’re not outnumbered twenty to one, they’re alive.”
Tony looked at the notes on the arc reactor, an almost loving fondness on his face, then flipped indifferently to a new page.
Reaching into his pocket, Steve held up the blue lollipop.  They all stared at it for a moment.  “It is one hell of a reward,” Steve said at last.  Swiveling it once, he added, “This is seventy years of advancements.”
He leaned his whole body against the other side of the door and gripped the handle until his hands turned white.
“Undocumented technology,” Tony repeated.  “Like, big guns.  This is. . . .”  He shook his head.  “Mind control.  Is it the goddamn Talosians?” he blurted out, ignoring three rebuking glares.  Stovok would have had an even stronger rebuke about his use of foul language, but Tony blazed on, “They’ve been on a tear.  Am I the only one who remembers Nibiru?”
He started to walk, Natasha matching his pace.  Thor lingered at the scene, looking back at Steve, as if to ask,
Tony slid around the bench, posing with his feet in the air behind him and chin resting in triumphant hand.  “Hi, Brucey.  Want a threesome?”
it—but there was a reason a city slicker like him had never dreamed of owning his own ranch.  He hated killing them with his own hands.
Weakly, Steve acknowledged, “I know.”  He let go.  A moment later, Tony did, too, stepping back.  “I have to—”  He struggled to voice the words, suddenly unsure.  “I have to tell him.”
Nine states, three time zones, and four-and-a-half flight-hours later, the Avengers landed in Seattle.
,” Tony said peevishly, tugging on Smokey the Bear’s foot.  “Now help me burn this, it haunts my dreams.”
Staring at the cat and the distinguished shoe, Steve thought out loud, “. . . Cat litter.”  Rico plopped himself on his rump and looked up at Steve.  “I did forget cat litter,” Steve acknowledged.
“I am fairly certain this is the whole village,” Stovok replied, standing beside him, shaking his head in vague wonder.  “What a masterful strategy.  Numbers.”
“Like hell it’s not!”  Tony tripped, landed painfully on his front.  Steve paused but did not turn.  Tony spat, “I know it’s my fault.”
“Can’t,” Natasha replied, as Steve tried, automatically, fingers scrambling over the armor near Iron Man’s shoulders, throat, looking for a way out, because c’mon, c’mon,
“No,” Tony said stubbornly.  He paced away and parked himself on a large rock off to one side, insisting, “I will stay right here.”
The backdoor to the farmhouse burst open.  “Merry BIRTH-day, to THEE,” Thor sang, holding up a cake covered in dozens of flaming candles.  Bruce shrank further into his seat, while Steve blinked twice in surprise.
“Cave exploration.”  Shuddering at the memory, Tony said seriously, “Maybe we can end up on a tropical island next time.  That would be nice.”
“You’re supposed to paint with it,” Tony said, leaning over and gesturing for a sparkler.  “See, look.”  He ignited the sparkler in the fire, then swished it around violently, creating a mishmash of afterimages.
“S’all right,” Steve interrupted.  “I’d like to know, but there’s lots of things I’d like, you know?”  He smiled ruefully, then looked at Tony, expression softening.  “I got her and I got you.  That’s what matters.”
“You haven’t seen him in tights,” Tony said, then snickered at his own remark, stifling it with an effort.
, in the past tense.  All he had wanted to learn was the most relevant, applicable data.  And to his relief, not much had changed in almost seventy years.  Not much at all.
“I miss Thor,” Steve said suddenly, surprising Tony.  He turned to look at Steve, who looked back, adding, “Only guy around here with a lick of sense.”
Sighing, Cap Bird looked at the camera and said, “We can win.  We will win.  Whatever it takes.”  Then he stepped out of frame and told Tony simply, “And if you call me Cap Bird one more time, I will never make you chocolate chip cookies again.”
They picked up Natasha and Bruce at the second sleepiest bar Steve had ever been to.  “Surprised you didn’t eat him,” Tony acknowledged, voice too thin to carry.
“Yes, Steve,” Tony said.  “I have kidnapped world famous German composer Ludwig van Beethoven, imprisoned him in my car, and forced him to play at a moment’s notice for our private enjoyment.”
Drenched in a cold sweat, he hid in his private lair, willing his presence on Earth to go undetected.  He did not need to be found and put back together.  He needed to be left alone so he could
Hugging the tree in both arms, Ol’ Pokey scooted up another foot.  Two more scoots, and Steve would be able to tap the bear on the nose.  Tony said frankly, “This is crazy.  Pepper is going to neuter me.  I’m literally in a tree, hiding from a bear.
Iron Man sighed.  “Best idea you’ve had all day.  And I’m pretty sure—”  He paused, briefly, as Steve clasped his metal hand, pulling him gingerly into a seated position.  “I’m pretty sure . . . we just saved the world,” Tony Stark finished.
Steve said, “Gee, I hope not.  Need something for the rest of us to do.”  He refilled the cup, then said congenially, “I’d’ve thought in a hundred years, they’d have a new wonder bread.”
Besides: once he took the bait, signed the contract, he sold his soul.  He had done it twice, given himself wholly over to forces outside his control.
Clint seemed almost immune to the alpacas.  He made detached observations and patted them if they came near but otherwise avoided them.
Tony thought about bursting their bubble with a remark about Stovok’s half-Terran heritage, then dismissed it.  It was not his place to share Stovok’s secrets, nor was it his place to undermine their one piece of potential leverage.
“I am Ashley Coleman,” the gentleman agreed.  He frowned thoughtfully at Clint.  “Why do you look familiar?”
Slowly, terrified to his core, he crouched, looking at the upside-down Vulcan, who looked almost comical, peering back at him.  “Hello,” Tony greeted.
Tony opened his mouth to ask what she was so concerned about at 0300 hours when she reached out and pulled hard on his tunic, tugging brutally on the back of his neck and revealing a large swath of his sternum.  He squawked and reeled back, but she had already let go, so his momentum took him to the grass, where he landed on his ass.  “What the hell was that for?” he grumbled.
Stretched out across the folded-down seats, Steve inhaled deeply and exhaled cool night air, letting himself relax a little.  He felt almost dopey with contentment—it was a rare day when he could let his guard down, but the almost cave-like space paired with the crunching of contented popcorn eaters very nearly lulled him off—but he need only shift into a slightly more upright position to remind himself of his job.
It did not bear dwelling, Steve reminded himself, for the thousandth time, throat locking up as he saw the forgotten sandwich on the floor.
Natasha and Clint had opted to sit inside the diner, taking advantage of their status as the least recognizable Avengers—
To his surprise, Commander Stovok responded: “Nibiru.”  Then, looking around, he added presciently, “It would be wise for us to take shelter.  We are not the only living beings on this planet.”
Of course, such hands-on experience had come at a cost, namely, a close encounter of the “alien prison” kind at age 37, but it had also introduced him to Security Officer James Rhodes, AKA the best face to ever walk off the U.S.S.
“Waiting for us to dissolve, to split ourselves into pieces so that they can launch an effective counterattack.  No, they are
Tony frowned.  “Me?”  He straightened Steve’s jacket, then shook his head.  “What makes you think I’m—not?”
.”  He pulled out the rest of the IV carefully, then pressed down on the hole in his skin with a hiss.  “I need
.  Steve’s whole pace of life was very unusual—his resting heart rate was in the thirty beats per minute range.  Crunching on his cereal, Tony filled the silence: “Aren’t you supposed to set a good example?”
“We have made the discovery of a lifetime,” Stovok observed, oddly congratulatory, as they sat on the shore, soaking in the metaphasic radiation.  Romanova had retreated to convene with Hill and the others, leaving the Vulcan and the Terran alone on a world far from home.  “If a long-range teleportation system can be set up—”
He propped open the door, a towel high on his waist, and frowned when Natasha offered him a small pile of clothes.  Then, remembering the ugliness in the mirror, he smoothed it into a more neutral expression, somewhat less angry.  “I don’t need your help,” came out of his mouth, which was probably the stupidest thing he could’ve said.
Steve ignored him, surveying the chaos grimly.  Front-and-center, wearing his full armor, was Thor Odinsson, heroically playing the plastic guitar, churning up an uproar of applause from the television.  Steve felt a headache come and go in less than ten seconds.
“Can we move this along?” he asked.  The sooner they got the sorry business done, the sooner he would at least have a full belly to show for his angst.
Steve drove.  He drove until the sun vanished below the horizon, plunging the world into semi-darkness.
By zero-hundred hours, he was lying belly-down in bed, arms wrapped around a pillow.  He heard a light tapping noise nearby and pried his eyes open to investigate.  There, propped up against the headboard, was Tony, the light from his computer screen the only illumination in the room.  “Hm,” he mused.
But, no, he realized, as she made no move to direct him to a target, mouth twisting into a frown.  She was offering
“What was relevant about me?” Tony asked, because Tony, thank Steve’s lucky stars, was more vain than nosy.
moment every time.  When Steve demurred that he was just a kid from Brooklyn, the President replied: “A kid with the heart of a lion.”
Stovok nodded once before laying both his palms on the elder’s shoulders.  For a moment, the two of them seemed almost timeless, the Vulcan—the first intelligent species to be encountered in space by willful Terrans, who would go on to discover thousands more in their endless voyages, alongside countless species on their own quests—and the Nibiran, virtually untouched by the Federation’s actions.
“Moissanite,” Stovok replied, setting down his cloth sack, loaded with a huge black rock, in full view of the tribe.  “Approximately one hundred kilograms.”
, and instead of complaining that it was wrong to venture outside the prescribed limits, rude to leave a gentleman waiting, or borderline unlawful to slip deeper into the planetarium without an honor guard, he followed Tony Stark into the arched, ethereal darkness, guided only by that strange blue light, emanating from Tony’s chest.
When Snow hummed, Tony felt the power in it.  He lingered until his hands were numb and the perennial ache in his back was almost unbearable.  Then he turned to leave, pausing when Snow clicked after him.
“Behold.”  Tony tugged on a golden string.  The red curtain next to him dropped, revealing a tiny dinosaur.  “Something older than you.”
“We ask,” Sojef began, and then faltered visibly, turning his chin inward in mourning before lifting it and carrying on, “that you think of the children.  They have never known mourning.  Should death befall those around them—it would prove a terrible shock.”
it’s in two weeks,” Tony replied, carrying the circular argument.  He peered one eye open at the clicking noise nearby, a blue-tinted face looking back at him.  “Tin-Tin, you’re getting coal for Christmas.”
.  As part of the unspoken agreement between dragons and humans, each new companion had a new name.  In nature, Radon was radioactive, bright yellow and enigmatic—a fitting name for the sun-yellow creature that dominated Tony’s childhood.  As they both grew older, Tony’s hair threatened to gray, while with each yearly shed, Marker’s scales metallicized.
.  “Some kid grabbed me.  Said he picked up my distress signal.  But I’ve been trying all night—”  He paused, mulled it over.  “The
, Cadet—I’m sorry, it’s Ensign now, isn’t it?”  Thump, thump, thump, thump.  “We will not risk the core of our army to protect a few small colonies.  I thought
“Thought I’d go blind,” Steve admitted, apropos of nothing.  “In the machine.  It was so bright.  Like—falling into the sun.”
Tony had evidently had enough of the guest bedroom, sitting on the floor in the hallway, legs spread in front of him, blocking the path to the master.  “I brought lunch,” Steve greeted, holding out a plate.  Tony ignored him.  “Thought you might be hungry.”
Still seated on his high perch, Thor gave a gracious half-bow, one arm folded around his tunicked stomach.  The crowd tentatively applauded, led, Steve noticed, by the museum staffers, who appeared to want to convey an impression of having total control over the situation.  Some of the outlying members of the crowd broke away to explore the rest of the museum, but the majority remained, evidently awaiting to see what might happen next.
, Cap, two inches deep, hundred beats a minute.”  For ten painstaking seconds, he could not move at all.  Tony breathed fast beside him, and he heard someone saying something about an—A.C.D.?  A.E.G.?—nearby, but nothing was processing except Tony putting his own hands on top of his, giving them a single emphatic
“I’m sorry, Bruce,” Tony said, honestly, because he was.  Marker had killed Terror, not in cold blood, but in self-defense.  It made the wound no less painful, the agony of the outcome no less gutting—that Bruce was willing to talk to Tony was a miracle, even if it was from an ocean away.  “You’re still my friend,” he added.
“I shouldn’t have done that,” Steve acknowledged.  When Tony said nothing, Steve went on, “I don’t mean to cause—trouble.”
“Deep within the frosts of Nilfheim, Ymir slept,” Thor was saying, bedecked fittingly in furs.  “Yet as the fires of Muspelheim warmed him, condensation formed from his sweat, and the first life of this world emerged,” Thor said, tracing a hand along the dripping walls, forming puddles at his feet.
“It’s okay,” Natasha assured.  Somehow, it was.  He dropped into a chair across from her, feeling a big breath come off him at the gesture.  “Oh, it’s too early to be tired,” Natasha teased him.
Metal glove in place, Tony reached down to pry Actinium off his leg.  Then Curium lunged for his elbow, tiny teeth snapping down.  “
Steve drew in a long breath.  Exhaled it slowly.  “You’re not really a spy.  You’re a soldier.  That’s what soldiers do.”
Steve knew he had done the right thing and did not regret the lives he had saved that day.  He just regretted waking up the next and finding out almost seventy years had passed.
Lang let the door clang audibly behind him.  Steve had the distinct impression that Lang stood just on the other side of it, like a bodyguard.  He didn’t care.  They were alone.
Steve drew in a shallow breath.  Tony held on, unafraid but too smart not to know what kind of danger Steve could be to him.  The wordless was there:
Tony breathed him in, contemplating a witty, wonderful comeback.  Then he just sighed, shuffled as close as he could, and wrapped both arms around Steve’s head, hugging it even as he hid against the mattress, away from the world.  Steve’s breathing was so steady, so heavy, he could hardly bear to stay awake, but he still managed, “Sap.”
“No sign of Clint or Thor?” Steve prompted, one hand resting bracingly on the small of Tony’s back as he drew in a deep breath, trying to catch his breath.  Tony did not notice; Steve knew he would have moved away if he did.  Bruce noticed; Bruce looked deeply into his glass, like it held secrets, too.
but with unintentionally good aim, at the back of Steve’s head.  He flinched more than Steve did when it landed.
He heard a chair nearby, heard Steve Rogers take a seat.  He wanted to snarl about invitations and lack thereof.  He wanted to force Steve to stand if he was to stay, to endure if he was to observe.
They slipped outside the red nebulous clouds and drifted for a while in empty space until Barton announced, “Ready for jump?”
“I know,” Steve said again.  Tony drew in a long breath, releasing it and Steve’s arm in the same motion.  Steve let go of him, melted back.  “Is there anything I can do?”
“I wasn’t serious,” Tony said, then fell silent for a while, following the Nibirans up the trail.  “Are
Sighing, Steve scratched the back of his neck, then dropped his hand.  Inside, he could hear Tony arguing spiritedly with Clint, Bruce, and possibly Thor, simultaneously.
“Ladies first,” Natasha replied, looking down at Bruce, lying flat on the dirt, and over at Clint, who had already made it to the back of the truck, drinking from their communal water jug.  Shaking her head, she said simply, “Boys,” and met up with Clint.
The decapitated suit returned with the heating pad.  Steve startled at the sight of it, like he had never seen a headless Iron Man before, and Tony thought,
Steve elaborated with toneless calm, “She tried.  Nothing doin’, there, either.”  Tony blinked, surprised, not following, as Steve went on, “So, I—asked the Mind Stone.”
“Thank you, Commander, but I can handle myself.”  Stovok took a formal step back.  Captain Carter looked at Tony and went on, “It is clearly your desire to disembark.”
Steve made a disbelieving sound of his own.  Next Tony would suggest he walk around nude because the Emperor said so.  There were
—scraping claws.  How much more flesh and blood could he possibly give them?  How much more could they
Clint and Bruce both looked at Steve for guidance.  Clint said, “Be lyin’ if I said I wasn’t kinda intrigued.”
Steve paused, holding the bloodhound’s head in his hands.  “Don’t worry,” Coleman said, waving a hand, still looking out over the fields.  “No use to me to alert the presses.  But you’re really. . . .” he looked down at the dog, then at Steve, expression hard to read, “. . . Captain America.”
The Coleman Fruit Farm and Cider Mill was hardly the place Tony Stark, billionaire tech mogul, would be expected to stop by on a lazy summer’s morning.  But it did boast fresh strawberries.
” Tony blurted out, reeling at the implication.  He knew Vulcans could easily live to two-hundred, had a projected lifespan of two-hundred-and-fifty years, but the U.S.S.
It might not have moved Steve, but it did make Tony feel better.  The joy was short-lived, as he now had a smelly, still mildly insensate, bull-headed Steve Rogers on his hands.
In an utter daze, poleaxed, he walked away from the car and the scene of the crime, towards the house.
Steve looked at the clock on the wall.  Although he did not startle, his belated reply gave away his surprise: “. . . Guess I got caught up.”  He glanced at Tony.
“Tough sonuvabitch.  Nobody . . . gets through that shell.  But they do.  Don’t they?”  It was hard to hear him, from such a distance, at such a low volume, but Tony did not budge.  Let him try.  Let him
Tony’s telephone rang.  Taking both hands off the wheel, he answered it and held it up without a word.
Steve’s face twisted into a brief scowl, annoyed at being mocked, before he smoothed it back over.  “Just follow the rope,” he instructed.  “It’ll take you right back outside.”
Tony pulled off broody and unimpressed for one full minute.  Then he huffed a laugh.  It quickly became a full blown laughing fit, quiet but uncontrollable.
Ignoring him, Stovok kept descending the cliff.  The Commander had a long stride, but at least he moved slowly on the rocks, perhaps for Tony’s sake but more likely Dr. Banner’s.  Still, they made good time—shooed forward by the ever-increasing threat of the storm.
“What’s your point?” Steve asked bluntly, unwilling to acknowledge how close to truth he was.  Bucky might as well have been blood; his family had always been small and precious, and there was nothing he would not do for it.
Thor was definitely going to end up on the national news, Steve thought grimly, sipping at his own milkshake.  They had relocated to a more sedate corner of the Falls to enjoy a belated lunch—“Or an early dinner,” Tony had said, offering him a milkshake.  The atmosphere was peaceful.  Steve could have even enjoyed himself, had he not taken a dip in the Niagara first.
, but not at Steve.  “Here,” Tony instructed, ignoring Steve’s confusion to wrap the pad around his splinted arm, leaving it on the lowest setting.  “That’ll help.”
Steve turned towards the door, then turned back, trying to get a read on her.  “Bathhouses,” he repeated skeptically.  “Like the Romans?”
“What cigarettes?” Bruce asked, still listening to Beethoven as fireworks pop-popped in the distance.
He still had a worrying and borderline irrational fondness for Thallium, who frequently came to him for cuddles.  He was pretty sure indigo Indium was the last feral dragon, but the runt of the litter refused to abandon the comforts of home, complete with regular supplemental feedings.
“I am incredibly endearing at all times,” he insisted.  “Mostly drunk.  I need a drink.  I’m getting a drink.”
Tony sat with that.  He had never known his father, and his mother had died when he was very young, which had left him an orphan—raised by a family friend, the powerful Obadiah Stane.  Obie had given him everything he needed to excel early in life, even pushed him into Starfleet, although not into the traditional Academy route.  The Stark name alone had helped him make pivotal connections, and he had relished being able to dabble in a bit of everything, to jump off-world on a whim and work on actual warp cores while other cadets simmered in gruelingly tedious theoretical coursework.
was a strong word—at best, dragon-pairs had a mutual misunderstanding.  Dragons did not appear to understand human tongues and humans certainly did not understand the wide range of super- and subsonic noises that characterized dragonspeak.  It was well-documented that more than ninety percent of all dragon chatter was completely inaudible to humans.  The linguistic bridge was limited and rudimentary; it was as if the only means of communicating were finger snaps.
Jeremiah—or was it Ezekiel?—instantly turned tail, but his brother continued sniffing at Steve’s pocket longingly.  “Sorry, pal,” Steve told him, patting him on the head.  “No treats today.”  And he actually felt bad about it, that he did not have a scrap for a dog.
Clint immediately dropped the reclaimed hose and approached at a run, yelping with joy.  At the very last second, Natasha dropped and launched him over one shoulder.  Clint yelped when he hit the pavement but bounced back to his feet with scarce loss of momentum.  “Nat!  You’re here!” he summarized.
“Nah, I get under everyone’s skin,” Tony murmured.  Steve felt the surreptitious weight of a knee against his own, a mute thank-you, before Tony waved a hand to dispel the conversational smoke and went on, “Although, I do have to say, I’m surprised at you two.  Continental breakfast?  There’s a Vietnamese shop not three blocks from here.  You’d love pho.  That is—if you’re not too full on bread.”
Tony stifled a noise against Rogers' shoulder and gripped his hip, the nearest part he could reach.  “It’s okay.  I know.  I know.”
It would have been easy to grab Tony by the collar, pull him back onto the sheet of ice, insist that they stay aboveground.
Tony huffed, but then he reached up and tugged Steve’s hood back over his head.  Steve only had a moment to wonder why before a small group of tourists walked right by them.
“Say no more,” Tony instructed.  Bruce quailed.  Tony said: “You know we can’t take any of them home with us, right?”
One moment, he was typing a vigorous correspondence to Rhodes, assuring that everything was fine, and Everything was Fine, and then he was gripping his shirt over the arc reactor, because he could not breathe.
“I hate walks,” Tony complained, kicking at a cluster of loose pebbles on the dirt road, very aware of the motorcycle parked ten paces away and the invisible line playing out between them.  “Why did you bring me here?” Tony prodded.
Stupefied once again, Tony could only watch Rogers gather himself, looking a lot less steady than he had in the lobby, standing up to the full logistical might of S.H.I.E.L.D.  He seemed surer, like there was not a force of nature that could pry his grip from Tony’s, and yet less sure, gaze flickering over Tony, lingering on his chest long enough that Tony looked down and saw the source of his own discomfort.
look.  That one still hurt.  Tony put a palm over his wounded heart.  Ouchie.  “Earn it,” Steve ordered, pointing at the camera.
when the Nibiran on his other side elbowed him impatiently.  Then he took the coconut and clipped off a bite, right through the skin, before passing the fruit along to his impatient companion.  “Tastes like tadgola,” Bruce said, still chewing.
The Nibirans prostrated themselves.  Tony blinked in surprise, looking around.  Even the Nibirans who had joined Stovok on his quest had fallen to their knees and pressed their arms to the ground.  Tony itched with sudden discomfort.  Stovok made an uncertain noise, almost a hum, and the elder unfolded himself, rising and stepping forward, hand extended.  He pressed his palm flat against Stovok’s chest, and said in a gravelly approximately of the word, “
“Is it too late to sit on the roof?” speak-of-the-devil asked, squashed into the window by Thor’s bulk.  Thor had taken up the middle seat in the rear—of his own volition, miraculously, despite offers to sit in the front.  “Does the King sit at the front of the carriage,” he had jested, “or the very center?”
“Enjoy your evening, Doctor,” Steve said, shutting the door behind him.  He did not remark upon Smokey sitting in the corner of the room.  Thor would surely handle the situation as he saw fit upon his return.
.  “Worst pain of your life is a broken arm?” Tony said, so barely cajoling it was almost a sneer.  “C’mon,
Then Steve pivoted, looked down at the brush, and curled the hand not strapped to his chest around it.  While there was little in the way of immediate motion, Tony knew better than to wait for the shoulder-separation portion of the grab before relinquishing his prize.  Steve looked at the brush, then the vacuum, then back at the brush.
No documented species had found a way to survive in the pure ether, although many had tried.  Despite this inability to survive in the vacuum, many had staked claims to supposedly international celestial waters, ferociously patrolling and covetously guarding long stretches of the void.  Skirmishes were frequent as different races flaunted their ever-increasing capabilities against one another, often toeing the line between diplomatic fist-waving and open war.  It was the goal of the United Federation of Planets to set aside individual hopes and dreams and embrace peace for the betterment of all life forms, negotiating treaties and supplying aid whenever possible.  Yet there were many intelligent life forms who rejected peace in favor of the call of the wild, life’s ineluctable urge to survive and thrive, no matter the cost.
“Briefly,” Thor confided, stacking another plate on his seven-plate-pile.  He had commandeered one half of the booth for himself.  Clint sat across from him, along with Bruce, who seemed to be competing with Thor but only in cups of coffee.  Steve had seen him refill his mug five times.
“Stark’s right,” Pierce said, his voice colder than a block of Arctic ice hauled straight from the source.  “I want
Tony took stock, gripping the cave wall tightly.  “No,” he said, but the urge to scream had dissipated, and he felt weirdly calm in comparison.  “I want out.”
“Good morning, sleeping beauty,” Ensign Barton greeted, piloting the little transport through deep space.  “I thought we’d reach the
It was Cap’s turn to go on the defensive, a position that suited him ill—“Wait a—now, hold on,” he began, the growl in his voice never wavering even as he picked different words.  “Why are
“What?” Dr. Banner said, irritably holding up a hand towards his ear.  He yelped and slipped abruptly, and Tony noticed in horror a white hand wrapped around his ankle.  “Tony,” Dr. Banner bawled, clawing at the sand.  “Help me!”
“I’m a national treasure and you can’t have me,” Tony replied, before making the mistake of tossing back the drink, anyway.  His grimace was so deep that it was comical, profound disgust tightening his expression.  Steve held in his laughter, but only just.
.  What the hell did it matter if Tony Stark had a will?  A strong desire to suffer alone, away from them and their godless acts of salvation?
followed Thor as he stood to fetch a glass of eggnog for himself.  “You got a shadow,” Tony told him.
“You know what I meant,” Happy said irritably.  Tony waved him on, stealing another fry from Steve’s pile.  Happy went on, “Thought you were lyin’ low.  Then I hear you’re on the move.”  Happy leaned across the table.  “Are you nuts?”
“I’m surprised you know what this is,” Natasha felt the need to point out, leaning an arm over the back of her seat while Bruce huddled into Steve’s side for protection, Tony staring out the opposing window with interest.
“He’s. . . .”  Tony petered off.  “Wait a second, when did he leave the ship?  He wasn’t on board the BDR.”  He stood up, feeling sick with realization.  “What the hell happened?”
That oughtta keep ‘em busy for a little while.  “OK,” Steve said aloud, looking down at Bruce, who had latched onto his sleeve.  At least his teeth had stopped rattling.  “First order of business.  Let’s go find a lollipop.”
Then he turned to the singed, sad-looking bear next to him and said, “You’re the only good one, Sparky.”
, Steve promised the cat as the cat yowled again, a big sound from the bottom of his narrow chest.  “Be patient,” Steve reminded him.
“Ey, Cap’s here!” Clint brayed, manning the grill.  “’Bout damn time.”  Sitting in a foldout chair nearby, Bruce lifted a beer in tentative acknowledgment.  Steve nodded at both of them, then sniffed distinctly at the aromatic grill.  “Lucky get Stark?” Clint asked.
Hey, champs. 🐼❤️ You guys are rockstars, and I appreciate your support for this story more than I can ever possibly articulate. Hope you enjoy this one, I had a lot of fun!
Covering Tony’s mouth preemptively with a hand, Steve watched the bear trundle off down the well-groomed path, silently wondering how many hikers were eaten every year by said-animals.  Ol’ Pokey looked pretty well-fed, and there
It was three in the morning, so Tony was perfectly justified in flopping a foot over Steve’s, in a gesture of simple, human companionship.
Clint gave in to temptation and swung hard.  Steve parked himself in the right place and waited for gravity to do the rest, catching the ball neatly in palm.  “Out,” he called.
“Coulson did have a bleeding heart for the old-fashioned,” Natasha agreed.  Tony snorted explosively at the pun; even Hulk looked over at him, as if he thought he might have hurt himself, before looking off into the distance again, pointedly ignoring them.  Natasha said, “It wouldn’t hurt to—”
“I’m instituting a new bedtime.  Nineteen-hundred-hours,” Steve grumbled.  “Take it or goddamn leave it.”
Oh, look at that, a word.  If Tony had any doubt that Steve was drugged, his doubt was dissuaded then, the way the two syllables lingered heavy and thick,
.”  The bear snuffled off, breathing loudly through its open mouth.  “I don’t think it knows we’re here.”
“Hey, Doc.”  On a whim, he whistled once, loudly.  The Good Doctor jolted awake with a half-human, half-animal yowl.  “Hey,” Steve greeted fearlessly.  Bruce stayed human, rubbing his eyes.  “You mind grabbing the blanket?”
Tony strained to put the puzzle back together, but the pieces refused to connect.  There was nothing there—only the strong negation, the feeling that what they were doing was off-the-record and needed to stay that way.
Blue-tinted Actinium sniffed around the doorframe, then clicked a few times.  Tiberius stood up, venturing over, and before Tony could formulate a protest, grasped the honey-badger-sized animal under both forearms and hoisted him into the air.  Actinium stared at him.  “Where on Earth did you find it?” Tiberius asked wonderingly.
Tony just grunted, then let out a soft, almost involuntary moan of pain.  Steve rested an automatic hand on his bare shoulder, offering his mute condolences.  Tony said nothing.  Steve expected nothing.
for you.”  Shaking his head, he finished, “So, if you want . . . a flicker of innocence to cling to, by all means.  Pretend.  I won’t stop you.”
Steve had never dreamed of running away with them, but there was something friendly and almost familial about seeing them again.
Reading a newspaper in his boxers while the rest of his clothes dried on the balcony, Steve leveled an unimpressed look at Tony.  “. . . Can I help you?”
Thor laughed, a big, one-sided, but not unkind laugh, reminding Steve of a sailor about to cast off with his ship, a man who had no tethers to the ground Tony Stark’s feet were so firmly planted on.  “Do not trouble yourself with the meddling of the gods, Stark,” Thor dismissed, waving a big hand.  “Besides—you have an empire to rule here, do you not?”
Four minutes later, a pair of medics arrived.  Using the miracle of electricity, they had Tony Stark breathing the new old-fashioned way, no hands-on maneuver necessary.  Steve sat back, sick at the sight of bruises forming around the arc reactor, those were
Time passed.  Tony endured two surgeries and dozens of hours of physical therapy, all in the hopes of making that coveted
Still, he saw red, looking down at Clint, standing at the base of a ten foot hole in the ground.  “Get
Almost seventy vertical meters below, Tony could see a cluster of Nibirans, along with Dr. Banner, who seemed to be having a less-than-stellar time, as he was hugging the dark rock for dear life while the rest of his party paused for a break.
Another laugh bubbled out of Tony.  He shook his head, frantically trying to suppress the giggles, only half-succeeding as he coughed and said, “Right.  Right, no kissing on Vulcan.  You’re missing out.”
Good guy, that Stark, Steve thought, wondering where the hell the fondness came from.  He liked his teammates.  They were not exactly the most stable people on Earth, but Thor was like a brother to him, and Clint was like a brother who thought juggling knives would be a fun hobby to learn.  They all had their places.  He felt better knowing where all of them were.
Once upon a time, fresh air had been the cure for all ails, and hospitals had been built around windows.  The ongoing presence of greenhouses, the better part of a century into the ever-mechanizing future, comforted him.
Two years after his Ma’s death, it had stung.  Buck had put an arm around his shoulders, wordlessly reminding him that he was without blood but not without family in this world.
Marker made an amused noise from his corner.  “Yuk it up,” Tony told him.  Looking down at his own bloody elbow, Tony stood up with a sigh.  “I’m not going to
Rhodes wisely opted to keep his presents behind a locked door, but he did accept a mug of fresh coffee from Steve with a nod of thanks.  Marker warbled joyfully around the largest cow bone Steve could procure; Snow declined to make an appearance, which was probably for the best.  Steve disappeared to spend time with her, which was fine by Tony—he could hardly complain that Steve was not there for him enough.
“Cap!” Clint greeted, nearly overturning his little table as he leaped from his chair and tackled Steve in joyful reunion.
Had it happened in isolation, Tony Stark would not have survived.  If they had peeled off his skin layer by layer, stitch by stitch, he could not possibly have endured.  That it had happened quickly, violently, brutishly, and overnight made it graspable in his mind, a cumulative event, like a meteor strike.  A singular impact with a global rippling effect.  Although the pain in his chest must surely have been greater than the comparatively negligible cold surrounding him, Tony remembered lying on a cot, a thin blanket twisted in his hands, shivering irrepressibly for hours.
have shotgun.  With Tony at the wheel, Steve mostly felt bad for Bruce, who had glumly accepted his fate.
Tony looked at her.  Lieutenant Romanova bowed her head in mute acknowledgement, looking between him and Stovok with an unreadable look.  Concern?  Relief?  It unnerved Tony, to see her both quiet and attentive.
“Oh, it’s not personal,” Natasha said, tucking her arm through his.  He bristled, tempted to shake her off.  “But if you’d rather go home—”
Something in Tony’s expression softened, inexplicably.  “There was—yes,” he said simply, cutting off a larger statement, but Steve could not bother himself to ask.
Blinking at him, Tony felt the heaviness in his chest, the thump of his own heart hard, the warm vibe in the room lazy as they sank into stupefied quiet, and replied, “Already have.”
“Hey, bub,” Steve greeted, careful to keep the lollipop out of reach as Secret began laving his face with kisses.  “Oh, you’re a feisty one, aren’t you?  Aren’t you?”
Tony sniffed once in the darkness, the blue light from his chest still oddly prominent.  “That thing ever go off?” Steve asked, after a full minute of unexpected quiet.
“This is why you should vote in team-building exercises,” Steve Rogers said patiently, roped up and ready to spelunk.  “When I asked,
.”  Tony gestured at their surroundings.  “Some might even say the world.  And if you had seen what I
—followed Clint home.  It was unclear if the dragon had actually bonded with Clint, but Clint did not seem to mind the company either way.
“I concede that your logic is sound,” Stovok said, heart thumping so loudly Tony could barely hear the rest: “However, I must impress that, possessing in me a cultural acumen relevant to the situation at hand—”
Tony sat on a bench outside the bar, hunched forward against the tremulating cold.  He looked more like a hitchhiker than a tech mogul.  A very ostensibly popular man, utterly alone in the world.
Tony thought back.  There was a thunderclap of white, then—not much.  Muffled, underwater.  Hell.  “He’s—please tell me we got him.”  He could not imagine gearing up for round two.
“Fine,” Tony said.  Turning to the camera, he added, “Got Kevin?  Then call 1-800-I-Am-Not-Kidding, and I will fly to your home and punch the ever-loving
“No,” Steve insisted.  “You cannot have these.”  His voice still had the same level tone as usual, albeit slightly stuffed up, and if they had been speaking over the phone—or, even, the
“Indeed it is,” Anij agreed.  “We gathered those willing to leave Earth in pursuit of a true sanctuary.”
“It is good to have you back,” Captain Carter acknowledged, looking up at Stovok, who inclined his head in mute agreement.  She ran a fine ship, and it was well known that Admiral Fury favored her, for her ability to bring together such disparate personalities as Commander Stovok, one of Starfleet’s only Vulcan members, and Ensign Barton, one of the finest and most annoying pilots in the galaxy.
“I got it,” Tony assured, placing a quelling hand on Steve’s sternum.  Then Tony hopped up into the bed of the truck.  Steve gave him a stern look, a betrayed
Steve caught the keys Tony tried to throw into the pavement.  “All right,” he placated.  “It’s not that bad.”
Well, Tony was entitled to his opinions, too, Steve supposed, taking a few moments to be grateful that Tony was not a mule.  Mules had better aim and harder footwear.  Revising the plan, Steve moved away from the bed and said decisively, “All right, I’ll make coffee first.”
“We’re gonna be on the national news,” Clint said, awed.  Then: “You think he can make it over the edge?”
“If you’ll excuse me,” he said, when his head felt full of overlapping conversations, when it would have been a disservice to sit at the table any longer.  “I’ll just be a moment.”
“You’ll do well to speak in accordance with your station,” Captain Carter added pointedly.  “Mr. Stark.”
Eyes stinging with the remnants of the liquor, Steve said in a slightly snuffly voice, “I hate your guts, Stark.”
But Tony’s scrutinizing look would not be deterred.  “They said,” he started, but could not bring himself to reiterate the words,
“I’ve had enough’a together, in Chicago,” Steve admitted, which dimmed some of the light in Tony’s smile, reminding him that it was late and dark and quiet, somewhere, and maybe they were supposed to be quiet, too.  “Been a helluva night,” Steve conceded, slightly more graciously.
“I appreciate your inquiry,” Thor said, giving him a jovial shake before declaring, “Stark!” and marching over to Tony at the gas pump.  Tony hunched his shoulders before steeling himself, miraculously holding onto the gas nozzle as Thor clasped him in a one-armed hug.  “Your knowledge is prodigious.  Tell me about this William Penn.  Is he like Genghis Khan to the east?”
A human in the same gear approached.  He had a jauntily placed cap on for good measure.  “Ready to kick some Romulan ass?”
“But they like peanuts,” Steve impressed.  The branches were too bare—no fruit or not enough leaves—which meant the poor things were probably starving.  “They’ll peel ‘em right open.”
To Steve’s relief, the Zoo finally kicked them out around seven.  Even Juliet had a family to get home to, after all, no matter that the animals would, technically, be there all night long.
There was a shaking of keys sound.  Clint immediately let go of Thor and turned to Natasha, who held up the keys.  When she tossed them his way, he yelped with real joy and took off for the car.
“What’s wrong?  Are you hurt?”  He looked hurt.  Steve’s sense of danger rankled.  He had to restrain himself from reaching out and giving Tony a shake,
A knock came on the door, somehow familiar and unfamiliar.  With great effort, he rose to meet it, leaving his cane behind.
lost in thought, but so rarely did the half-Vulcan meditate in the middle of a mission that it caught him off-guard.  And there was something . . . sorrowful about his expression.
“Pleasure’s all mine,” Coleman agreed, waving him along.  “Now, go on.  Good luck.  It’s a mean world out there.”
“I should drive,” Tony insisted, facing Natasha, who bore the critique implacably.  “S.I. paid your bills for fou—fiiive?  Weeks?  Five weeks?  It’s my car.  I should drive.”
“Thank you,” Steve said.  Then: “Be quick about it.”  Remembering manners—last but not least: “Please.”
“Jeremiah!” Coleman barked, and that was all the warning Steve had before a Tony Stark-sized weight leaped onto his back.
“It’s such an honor to have Captain America on set,” the crew effused.  When Steve demurred that they had more interesting guests on all the time, they replied, “It’s not every day we get an Avenger.”
“Doesn’t look very sleepy to me,” Tony replied, unexpectedly offering the man a hand to shake.  “Mayor Cuff.”
“I’m not traditional.  I’m Starfleet certified.  I don’t need a degree from the Academy to prove it.”  Accusingly, he added, “Why did you send us to the Briar Patch, Captain?”
“Three months.”  Steve’s turn to pause, a long, long time.  “After three months went by.  Your body was—healed.  But.  You weren’t waking up.”  He looked down at his hands, began to pick at a nail, purely anxiety behavior.  “We waited.  A week.  Two weeks.”  He outright chewed on a nail, then let it go.  Tony stared at him, in horrified wonder.  Despite his outward composure, the single gesture of breakage was distressingly human.  “Dr. Strange—tried.  Nothing doin’, there, really.”  The pause was brief, but the drop hit harder: “So, I asked Wanda.”
The tapping stopped.  For a brief moment, Steve had the horrible premonition that Alaska—cold, rugged, Arctic
“That doesn’t even make sense,” Tony grumbled, biting him on the forearm again in a vain attempt to free himself.  Thor released Lucky and Tony said, “
He then stacked the remaining cards into a single pile, shuffled them again, and began distributing them.
“One pissed-off super-soldier with a side of wholesome American hospitality?” Tony Stark answered.  He looked at the two guards, smiled, and added, “He’s with me.”
“I know how to spell,” Tony dismissed, buckling back in so he did not tumble head over heel to the back of the ship.  “I simply choose not to.”
were there,” Tony went on, looking around the room, aware that the point he was making was irrelevant but so, so glad to be making it, to their faces, even if his chest hurt, and he was alive, and, “What about Thanos?” he whispered.
Tony made a rude gesture at him.  Steve ignored it, tracking down Natasha, lounging on a chair not far from a group of buggies.  She had a cool beverage in hand and the easy demeanor of someone finally enjoying some peace-and-quiet.  “Not one for raising barns?” Steve dared to ask her, crouching down on a knee, both arms folded over the other.
“No,” Rhodey told him, pushing him gently back by the shoulders, and that was when Tony saw him—Steven Grant Rogers.  He was wearing one of the quantum suits.
The world of the rich and famous, Steve mused, watching the ghost disappear into the park, warmly dressed for the evening but not eye-catchingly assisting a billionaire.  Tony did not seem bothered by the behavior, and Clint was too busy hopping gleefully into the front passenger seat to inquire about the disappearing driver.  With Tony behind the wheel and Thor climbing into the backseat, Steve opted to be a good hitchhiker and sit sideways in the open trunk, leaving Natasha plenty of room alongside Thor.
With slightly more speed than Steve would have expected, Tony chucked the pillow at him.  Steve still caught it, but it was close.  Then Tony folded himself onto his front with a grunt, reaching around and grabbing one of the remaining pillows, using it to cover the back of his head.
Tony said, “No—yes.  Kind of?”  Stovok kept frowning at him, walking without looking at his feet.  Tony nearly stumbled over his own, catching himself.  “It’s exciting, isn’t it?  It’s proof.  Of celestial roots.
He pressed a hand to his forehead and held it there.  Even the cowardly lion Bruce had no qualms proceeding into the darkness, he wanted to say, a muffled hiccup of a laugh escaping him.  How could he lead if he
“Careful,” Tony advised, reaching up to pinch his cheek, then mirroring his pose, both arms tucked under his head.  “You’ll make me melt.  I’d make a very unsightly pile of goo.”
Tony waved a hand.  “If I was made of glass, I’d be dead by now.”  He tugged on his own cardigan.  “Speaking of glass—”
Tony made a wounded noise against him, clinging to him.  “You,” he began, voice raspy, “have terrible timing.”
“Women love me,” Clint announced, standing on the porch, feet shoulder-width apart, holding up a monster salmon in both hands.  “Fish
.  “Well, points for accuracy,” Tony huffed, still holding his good hand, bringing it down to rest on a knee.  “Leave it,” he insisted.
“I’m . . .”  Heaving in a breath, Iron Man suddenly moved away from the wall and began to pace, in a drunken, disorderly manner, a grotesque, human-sized puppet.  “This is bad,” he said softly.  “I’m fucked.”
“Would it kill you to have a little humility?” Clint asked dryly, limping over.  “Oh, Invincible Iron Man?”
