“You underestimate their dogged obstinacy,” Mycroft smirked, and Greg chuckled.  “They’re going to give me an ulcer.”
He had been able to sink down into a semblance of headspace while Uncle Greg dressed him for the day, mainly because Greg had been exceedingly gentle and encouraging, as if he had known--or, more likely, had been told by Mycroft--that John needed coddling to stop the anxious worrying swarming his mind.  Worry had plagued him since he and Mycroft had been woken up and confronted with Sherlock’s discovery of their relationship, and although it had been quelled slightly by his conversation with Sherlock, there had been the new worry that he wouldn’t live up to Sherlock’s request to be little, that he wouldn’t be able to navigate littlespace after his Daddy relationship with Mycroft had been exposed.
“All of that is to say,” he said, quieter and a bit adorably frustrated that he'd been stifled in the act of showing off,  “you don’t need to worry.  I’m not judging you.”
Mycroft simply pointed to the corner and waited for his brother to stomp his way into time out.  He knew it was unfair of him to bring up Sherlock’s wetting or pull-ups, but he needed the older boy put into his place and knew Sherlock well enough that he could see the boy needed a bit of attention at the moment.  He would have time to get to the bottom of Sherlock’s teasing once he had dealt with John.  For now, he knew a bit of attention--even if it was negative--would tide him over.
Bunny rubbed his nose, recovering from another sneezing fit.  The dust from the attic had been irritating his nose and his eyes all afternoon, and when he sneezed he felt it low in his stomach, which meant he should probably take a trip to the loo to pee sometime soon.  Bunny was starting to hope Mycroft’s allotted time for playing dress up in the attic would be over soon.
If you haven't checked it out yet, read Part 1 of the Little Brothers Mine one-shot "Pushing Boundaries" over on
It was Uncle Greg, his presence bright and too loud.  Sherlock peeked up as Uncle Greg entered the kitchen, the Bunny, clutching his stuffed lion to his chest and sucking on his Peter Rabbit pacifier, trailing behind him, which only served to throw Sherlock into a renewed anger.
“It’s going to be alright, love,” he said, his smile in his voice.  “Give them time.  They’ll come around.”
Bunny nodded absent-mindedly, and Greg asked him to be very quiet as they entered Sherlock’s room and Greg lay Bunny down on the opposite side of the bed from Sherlock.  Bunny’s bed was a twin bed, which Mycroft had more than likely chosen in order to keep the boy from feeling lonely when sleeping in his own room, but Sherlock’s was a full, with plenty of space for both boys.  Bunny always slept with Sherlock when they were at Baker street, and Mycroft must have anticipated that habit had not been entirely broken with their separate beds at the lake house.
“It’s beautiful,” he said, and he, winking at the boys, taking Mycroft’s hand, was speaking about more than just the rabbit.
“I’m not a baby,” John whispered, and his eyes flicked over to where Sherlock was hunched in the corner with his back to them.
“If you need cheering up,” Greg said, reaching to pull his coat tighter around John, “just imagine the scene when I’m finally forced to bring Mycroft to family holidays.”
When they were kids, Sherlock had idolized Mycroft.  His big brother was smarter and more self-assured than anyone he had ever met, even more so than their parents and Sherlock’s teachers.  Sherlock wanted to be in his older brother’s reassuring and regimented presence at all times.  As they had grown up, part of Sherlock still longed to be by his brother's side.  The world had always been confusing and frustrating; if Mycroft couldn’t set it right, no one could.
“I’m not young, Mycroft,” John mumbled half-heartedly, consciously attempting to ignore the state of his bed and underwear, the tears and the runny nose he wiped with his palms and the backs of his wrists.
Sherlock climbed into the car and immediately folded himself up in the passenger seat, yawning as he rubbed at an eye.
And then Mycroft didn’t have to guess, because he could simply follow the sound of Bunny’s tears to find the kiddo huddled beneath his desk, hugging his knees to his chest and looking rather small and pitiful.
By the time Greg changed into something more comfortable and joined Mycroft downstairs, there was a bottle of wine opened on the kitchen counter.  Greg sighed in relief as he placed John’s mobile in a basket of keys at the far end of the counter and sank into a bar stool across from Mycroft, who was busy slicing cheese and meat for an after-the-boy’s-bedtime snack.
“Ooh, I’m terrified,” Sherlock spat with snark and sarcasm in his voice.  “What are you going to do, spank me?”
“I’m here for you,” Mycroft said, taking a step towards John.  “Whether adult or child, you deserve to know that there are people who care for you, that you are worthy of care.”
“Bunny was being bossy,” Sherlock said, unable to keep a bit of defensiveness from his tone.  “She’s not...I mean,
Hi, lovies!  This week's been a bit stressful and unpredictable, so I've taken some comfort in writing.  That means more updates for all of you amazing readers which will hopefully make your weeks a bit better, too :)
John’s midsection was filled with a pleasing warmth at the prospect of being a ‘good boy.’  And Sherlock was right; usually, even after a nap John’s bladder seemed to need emptying.  He sat up on his knees and closed his eyes, focusing on the steady back and forth of Sherlock’s fingertips softly stroking his forearm.
Bunny turned his face against his Daddy’s chest, shy now that Sherlock had condemned what Bunny had begun to find exciting.
It was clear Sherlock was not entirely child at the moment, pushed out of headspace as some sort of defense mechanism he was using in an attempt to keep from punishment.  But Mycroft had planned for multiple scenarios, all of which ended in the punishment he could sense Sherlock needed to resettle himself; it would not be difficult to lead his little brother down the appropriate paths to navigate to that inevitable end, adult or child.
Mycroft placed a hand over the mouthpiece of the phone handset, his eyes widening at Sherlock’s impertinence as he pointed towards the doorway, clearly no longer willing to accommodate Sherlock’s cheekiness.
He sat on his free hand and set about coloring more carefully.  He refused to allow his thumb to wander up towards his mouth just because he was feeling sad.  Now wasn’t the time to let himself be littler than Bunny; he had to be bigger if he was going to keep Bunny and Papa from ganging up on him.
It was when he moved onto the fridge with disinfecting wipes that he remembered the comment Sherlock had made earlier that morning about no longer wanting to potty train.  The charts for both boys were still magnetized to the stainless steel, John’s above Sherlock’s.  Mycroft slid the magnets from the corners of Sherlock’s chart.
“Remember, this isn’t London, kiddo,” Uncle Greg said as he entered the living room and came up behind them.  “Not as many people out and about.  Also, less chance of running into anyone you know.”
Mycroft knew Greg was right, knew he needed to sit back and wait for the boys to come to them on their own terms.  Even so, he could not help but feel uneasy that he’d left them to their own devices.  The men were destructive even when fully adult; there was no telling what could happen if both of them continued to refuse themselves comfort and existed in the in-between space between adult and child.
John wiped his face.  He felt much better after talking with his Daddy, and, if he were lucky, Mycroft might be home tomorrow.  John reached a hand down and felt the wetness of his pajama pants.  John had more liquid in him, and, as he waited for Greg to get off the phone, he wondered what it would be like to release his bladder fully.  He wanted to feel smaller, wanted it to soak himself even more and wanted to let someone else worry about cleaning him up.  He wanted to forget the pain and the stress of the day.
“I’m sorry for throwing and for crying and for wetting and for not letting you wash my shirt, John,” he said in a litany of faults when John refused to comfort Sherlock without the appropriate ending of time out: the apology.  Another of Mycroft’s rules.  “I’ll be a good boy.”
John sighed.  “Sherlock isn’t allowed to suck his thumb,” he said, voice barely above a whisper.  Even so, Mycroft caught the words.
“I do have a mind of my own as an adult, Mycroft,” John said, resentful that Mycroft seemed to have conveniently forgotten that fact.  “He’s my best friend.  He deserved honesty.”
His brother obeyed, then moved back to his post by the doorway, watching out of the corner of his eye as Mycroft dried Bunny off and released the drain in the bathtub.
“Not in the least.  But, I need to know how you’d like to proceed.  Is this something you would like to do again?  Would you like to be put in pull-ups like Sherlock? Be toilet trained? Be reminded to use the toilet?”
“You’re okay, little one,” Papa was saying into Bunny’s ear as he hugged him close, rocking him in his arms.  “I’ve got you.”
“I called for you fifteen times and you didn’t come,” Sherlock said, surly as he turned his back to Mycroft, arms crossed as he burrowed down beneath the blankets.
Sherlock picked at his lunch absent-mindedly, forcing himself not to think about how nice it might be to leave it all behind and let himself get small enough to be fed by Mycroft.
Instead of speaking, Sherlock's face fell and he began to cry, blubbering where he stood in front of the couch.  John’s eyes went wide, and he had to keep himself from moving to comfort his friend.
It was an afternoon of sandcastles and underwater handstand contests and games of tic-tac-toe drawn with sticks before the tired, sandy boys were ushered inside for a quick hose-off in the shower, a change into some dry clothes, and a late nap.  They took a while to get down to sleep after the excitement of the morning, but Greg did all his best voices during storytime, and soon they were asleep in the master bedroom, each clutching a stuffed animal.  It appeared Mycroft’s assumptions about Sherlock’s rationale for staying older were unsurprisingly correct, for as soon as the fun of swimming had passed, he was quieter and needier, accepting his pacifier and a pull-up before naptime.
“You didn’t see him in the store, My,” he said.  “He wasn’t playing a part.  He was longing for these things, so afraid of disappointing you or Sherlock by wanting them and yet unable to keep from showing just how much he wants them, how much he needs them.”
Bunny spent a moment longer running his finger along the seam of the alligator’s snout before he glanced up and said, “Pull-ups, please.”
But as Sherlock slipped into a booth and John ordered them each a pint, he could sense there was a hesitancy to the night and to Sherlock.  John suspected their inability to come upon a mutual topic of conversation had less to do with the triple homicide and more to do with the events of the past weekend.
I apologize for the lack of little Sherlock and little John in this chapter--it's really just a resolution to Mycroft's angst.  I'm thinking of starting a one-shot collection since I'm not sure I can commit to another multi-chaptered story at the moment (and I still have to complete A Little Training, eventually), so that will give you all lots of opportunities to see some age regression with Sherlock and John.
Sherlock pulled his head from Mycroft’s shoulder and blinked up at him before realizing they were at the window.  He shifted his gaze to glance down toward the street.  It was a tactic Mycroft had used when they were younger, distracting Sherlock from what had upset him by giving him the challenge of observation.
“Secondly, you know you’re not a bad boy for wetting the bed.  Santa understands that little boys have accidents from time to time.  That doesn’t make them naughty.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened as he sat up, took his thumb out of his mouth, and shook his head emphatically.
Greg reached into the backseat to rescue Sherlock’s pacifier from the floor of the car.  He glanced around for a napkin or wipe to clean it off, but, finding no other cleaning method, stuck the pacifier into his own mouth before drying it on his shirt and holding it back out to the boy.  Sherlock reached forward and took it into his mouth like a baby bird.
“Fine,” was all he said before chivvying everyone into the car.  Raz, whoever he was, sat squished between John and Sherlock in the back, in case he tried anything, although the cramped conditions made it impossible to move at all without standing on someone’s foot or crushing a wing.  No one spoke.  No one looked at each other directly.  Peripherally, John was keeping an eye on Raz, who was watching Sherlock, who was staring out the window.  Sherlock, who had to be aware of the attention, was ignoring it and, if anything, looked mildly bored.
It was a picture message of Gladstone sat in Regent’s Park, head cocked to the side and a smile on his face.  Sherlock smiled instinctively at the thought of him posing for the picture.  His brain tried to remind him that a) dogs don’t smile and b) don’t know what pictures are but he managed to shove those thoughts away easier than he would admit to anyone else.
Lestrade smiled.  “Friends Sherlock.  Me and John are friends.  I know you know this.  And, like I said, I trust you because he trusts you and you care about him.  We’re going to find him and he’s going to be fine.  Call it a hunch,” Lestrade said as Sherlock went to protest his naive declaration.  Instead Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Plus, John is not exactly a wilting maiden.  I’m sure he can handle himself until we get to him.  Now, repeat after me: He’s going to be fine.”
She was huddled in a big duffel coat despite the clement weather and had her hair pinned back into two smaller buns on the side of her head.  The doorway behind her was boarded up, the shop dark.  He shrugged at her comment, leaning against the wall next to her.
Sherlock shook his head, trying to remember what they were speaking about.  He wanted to say that he knew this and believed as much as John obviously did.  That this was a fact rather than an opinion.  And yet-
"A go on your cock," Sherlock said casually.  Okay it was official.  Sherlock Holmes was going to murder John Watson through the medium of sex.
“Then why not just say that?  Over-talking can be a sign of guilt you see, the conscience tying itself up in knots trying not to get caught and to wrestle the bad feeling down so it doesn’t leak into your voice.  Maybe you did it yourself.  Seems plausible, you knew the victim, you said he was quiet, knew he didn’t have many friends, and who knows, the system makes mistakes sometimes, maybe a psychopath go through, maybe this is all a front and you have body parts under the floorboards, is that it?”  He’d advanced on the poor woman as he began his tirade, blocking her in.  She had gone from protesting to wordlessly mouthing, clearly terrified.
“Obviously.”  Sherlock said it as if he’d come to the conclusion weeks ago, which thinking about it, perhaps he had.
“There was a slight infestation of Fallen to deal with Mycroft.  I’m sure someone of your standing has more than one way of relaying a message.”
Luckily at that moment John walked through the door and his retort was sidetracked by the fact John smiled at him.  Him specifically.
Fortified with full shopping bags and a plan, he felt ready to set off home.  There was only so long he could stall under the pretence of handing over Mrs Hudson’s shopping and with a gentle “I can manage myself just fine.  Go look after him, he’s got himself in a right twist over something,” John was dismissed for the second time that week.
“It is!” John said, determined to prove his point.  “Look, what if I said don’t picture a pink elephant.  Now you’re picturing a pink elephant.”
“Their own fault.  You see, John, they had a prime example of a reformed Fallen right here.”  Moriarty pointed to Sherlock as if he was a prize on a game-show.  Sherlock, for his part, felt sick.
Gladstone huffed and then leapt down from the sofa to go and get his lead because clearly everyone had forgotten the real reason they were there.  Clearly you could never trust a man to do a dog’s job.
to John.  There was more than one occasion that Sherlock considered he had been obliterated and was now experiencing a circle of hell.
know I had a new case?” he interrupted, scowling.  “Are you part of this conspiracy against me too?” he accused.  He heard Mrs Hudson scoff in the kitchen and glared at her.  This was all her fault anyway.
“Hi,” Sherlock said, trying to stop his smirk from falling into a beaming smile and failing miserably.
“The best I can hope for next to you,” John said, once again distracted by looking over Sherlock’s body.  Up until he’d taken this case Sherlock hadn’t thought about it much.  It was transport, a way of getting from A to B, but not something to be appreciated on its own.  He wasn’t sure what the etiquette was in this situation, so he just stood there watching John watch him until John shook himself again and nodded towards the doors.  “Shall we?”
They looked like kids, teenagers at most, but that didn’t count for much in the afterlife; you could look like you were 16 but had been in existence for 412 years and had the attitude (and paperwork) to prove it.  Something about being dead gave people the irritating and hypocritical combination of being arrogant and reckless half the time, and pious and judgemental the other half.  It was probably something to do with the whole ‘It’s another chance’ thing but instead of making everyone better people, it was a fifty-fifty split on “I’m going to be a better person” and “Cool, no consequences, let’s see what lighter fluid tastes like”.
His not-housekeeper was stood in front of the chairs with Gladstone sat by her feet.  Both had looks of judgement on their faces.  Traitor.
“Okay, good.  Now why have you hid my phone?” John asked, moving to wrap his arms over Sherlock’s shoulders and locking at the back of his neck.  Trapped.
John felt the same mix of curiosity and exasperation from their first meeting, this time tinged with a pleased note which he was doing his best to ignore.  He walked over to block the doorway, which was ridiculous if the room had windows, but it was the best he could do to secure the Fallen and to a lesser extent the arm.  The Fallen looked up, as if to yell at someone, before he spotted that it was John.  Because he didn’t want to think the Fallen looked happy to see him, because that made it sound as if John was expecting to be recognised, all John would allow himself was the acknowledgment that the Fallen didn’t look as if he wanted to yell about someone anymore.  This should not have made him as happy as he did.
"What are what Sherlock?" John felt a headache starting in the middle of his forehead. It was too early for this.
“He doesn’t seem too damaged.  No use trying to change the past.”  Sherlock’s eyes lost focus at the last sentence, the words turning inwards.  John was about to challenge him, and insist a medical professional examine Raz’s back, when Lestrade interrupted.  Whatever internal battle he was waging seemed to be resolved, or rather, he had a plan to resolve it.  Lestrade liked plans.  They made sense of a world which had recently turned bizarre.
.  John didn’t know if he wanted to stare at him forever or rip the suit off him right then and there.
Sherlock had been right when he said he couldn’t live in the bedsit forever, even if it did mean moving in with a madman.
“Wh-” Victor was perplexed. “Why wouldn’t he be worried?  You up and leave without telling him and then don’t come back?  Anything could’ve happened.”
“Yep.”  Sherlock paused.  “You think so too.”  By his tone, it sounded more like he was feeling out a hunch than providing a theory.  John did not know when he became an expert on such differences in tone.
John didn’t know what he was going to do when he got there.  He just had to get there.  As ever, Sherlock would lead the way.
They only realised their problem when they met up in the hallway to make their way downstairs.  Sherlock, as usual, looked effortlessly suave in black, form fitting suit and crisp white shirt.  The only change to his look was he had let his hair run riot a bit more than he liked, as he knew John loved it.  John, however, looked nothing like himself.  A world away from the jumper he had been sporting earlier, his body was wrapped in a grey three-piece, white shirt and, unlike Sherlock, a navy tie.  It was this last item he was still fiddling with as he exited his room.
John shook his head, looking over as Sherlock peered at the walls, an officer edging towards him to make sure he didn’t touch anything poisonous or any potential evidence.  It was a battle to see who could withstand the lack of personal space.  The officer was losing.  “No idea.  We don’t talk about it.”  He looked over to Lestrade who was looking curiously at Sherlock’s wings.  “He doesn’t have anything to do with this Greg.”
As Sherlock had taken off almost immediately, John was a few steps behind the entire run back.  This gave him the incredibly perfect view of Sherlock’s arse, and this was when he knew he was in trouble.  Almost as soon as they were through the door Sherlock had turned, they had pulled each other in and were kissing passionately.  Sherlock used his taller frame to back John up against the door and if John hadn’t pulled back to state “Bed. Now,” it is likely the two would have been caught having sex in the hallway.
He closed his eyes and breathed deeply.  Shoes were kicked off as removed as he could be.  Too much thought could kick him the other way.
Sherlock had totally read those trashy mystery novels Victor kept buying.  This was uncovered after a night out when both boys could be found in the living room yelling about the plot point to X novel in the something or other series.  Neither girl could really remember but the point was hearing Sherlock yelling “But cats don’t just murder people without motive Victor!” was worth the hangover.
“You need to stop filling your head with such ideas.  Although it would explain the speed of the bar staff.”
the solution to the Halden Green case instead of Lestrade.  They’d actually chatted a little bit, Sherlock explaining he was a Consulting Detective and that text was meant for the Yard, then explaining what exactly a Consulting Detective was and what the case was all about, and he did not blush when John texted back that he was Amazing for working it out.
Sherlock looked tempted to run and find one but instead turned back to the microscope and John tidied up his little experiment, leaving the glowing substance on the side.  It looked decorative, like the innards of a lava lamp.  John had wondered what the allure was and now he could see how it was oddly therapeutic.  Upsetting that this used to be a person though.  Bet they wouldn’t have gone down as well in the 90s.
thoughts Sherlock was having) as he was steeling himself for something which would either work spectacularly well or be spectacularly stupid.  He licked his lips (derailing Sherlock even more), took a deep breath, and locked eyes with Sherlock once again.
The man spluttered, “But, he”, he stabbed a finger in Sherlock’s direction, “and in front of”, he pointed in the direction they’d just run from.
His phone went off.  Sherlock made the noise of a wounded animal and took his tea into the living room.  John made a groaning noise and stabbed at his phone, just to make the noise
This meant that for two torturous hours he was sat, angrily pushing food around his plate.  After being as brusque as possible and glaring at everyone they left him alone but unfortunately that just meant he couldn’t help but listen in to John chatting to everyone and generally being
should be the model?”  He didn’t sound annoyed so John glanced up.  Sherlock was looking at him curiously, his brow furrowed.
John’s lips twitched, as if he wanted to grin.  "Sherlock I've had three years of waiting without you around to think this through.  I think that's enough time to figure out what I want, don’t you?"
“I imagined you, and that damn luscious mouth of yours, god have I thought of that mouth, and you crawled down and you sucked me down,” and Sherlock’s mouth was actually watering now at the image of it, and he wanted to, fuck he wanted to, so he pulled John’s jeans down and he paused a minute to admire the fact John was
anything!” and it looked like he was about to start a rant but restrained himself.  “Fine.  My name is Sherlock Holmes, I’m a consulting detective, not here illegally although you suspect I am, prefer to keep to the modern time zones, occasionally I don’t talk or even move for days on end, I play the violin at odd hours of the night, and I think you are in more danger than you realise.  There, happy?” He added a fake, bright smile at the end before dropping into a scowl.
Then, with a flash of inspiration, he left Sherlock propped against the doorway, grabbed the handcuffs and ties, and attached the kidnappers together and then to one of the chairs. It might not hold them for long but it would be enough to make a run for it.
“He found you,” Sherlock said, breaking the long pause.  John just nodded.  This interaction seemed to satisfy Sherlock however as he strode forward.  Victor took this as his cue to give the two some privacy and sneaked behind a group of bushes, just so he could keep an eye on proceedings, without intruding.
He propped himself under the closest street light, and waited, one eye on the alley to see if anyone disappeared through it.  The image of the cracked pavement from a day before (two days before technically- could it really have been so recent?) was still evocative.  It suddenly hit John that there were very few people he could trust.  He wasn’t one for trust before, but at least it was an
“So, what does a Consulting Detective do exactly?  Apart from getting into knife fights and wearing stupidly short shorts to distract unassuming instructors in?” John asked with a cheeky grin before taking a sip of wine.
“We need the work on the symbols you did.  Places, histories, everything you found and anything else you can find.”
And so, one decision had already been broken.  No big deal.  After all, no one was perfect, and the pair were big enough to admit they were perhaps less perfect than most.  There was one issue however, that surprised both of them.
“It’s going to be a pain to get that off. We might need a new one,” she sighed.  He was not conscious of moving but the next moment he was aware of arms wrapped around him, a hand patting him on the back.  He squeezed lightly once, then stepped back, and looked away as she laughed at him.  “Yes, yes, I’m fine,” she said fondly.
“What is this, the sixth time?”  Molly also attended the Wednesday class as well as the Friday class.  Sherlock found this out when he thought he was being sly by going to the other class, only to be confronted by her high ponytail and knowing, beaming smile.  John had also looked happy to see him at the other class, which should not have been important, but which made Sherlock feel lighter for the rest of the day.  This fact was not in any way connected to the fact Sherlock stoically put up with Molly’s teasing and continued to go to both classes.  That was simply because Sherlock was an adult and would not engage in her childishness.
He knew he should be quiet, knew that Sherlock was a light sleeper.  But he also knew that he was tired of being alone and tired of being big, and at the moment that seemed more important than his fear of potentially being yelled at by Sherlock for wetting his bed.  If he couldn’t have his Daddy, at least he might be able to have his big brother.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t here when you woke up, ‘Lock,” he said, voice soft.  “I know that must have been frustrating, especially since Papa told you I would be.”
Sherlock’s head was ducked as he traced the outlines of the treasure map on his duvet cover, but John could tell that he was processing, and thinking how to answer the question posed to him.
Finding his mobile where it had been left on the desk in his bedroom sometime after he and John had dropped into headspace, he called Papa.  If Mycroft wasn't going to help, maybe Papa would.  Maybe Papa would call Mycroft and yell at him and tell him Sherlock needed him, that Sherlock was more important than the important people on the phone.  But the phone rang and rang and went to voicemail, and Sherlock, anger re-emerging, threw his mobile to the ground.  He turned, buried his face in the pillows, and yelled, struggling against anger and sadness and the dark thoughts he'd been suffering with all day.  No one was going to help him, because no one thought he was most important.  Mycroft had picked John the night before and picked the important business people now, and Greg had picked John to go to work with him and now they were working on a case where they clearly didn't even need Sherlock. No one cared that he was sad and angry and wet; it all just felt so hard.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft called in a warning as he stood from his spot next to Papa at the kitchen table, who had chimed in with his own disappointed, “not okay, kid.”
Mycroft hummed, yanked Sherlock by the upper arm before he could collapse back onto the mattress, pointed him towards the wardrobe, and told him to put on something more presentable.  He could not very well show up to Christmas Eve dinner in his rumbled t-shirt and sleep pants.
Sherlock broke into audible tears when he heard John say it out loud.  John knew that in the pause of silence on the other end, Mycroft was weighing his options.
On some level, Mycroft knew Greg was simply trying to help.  But given how sensitive Bunny was feeling at the moment--the comment causing him to break down into sobs once more--Mycroft could not help but cast a pointed glance in Greg’s direction as he hoisted the boy up from the couch and onto his hip, carrying him out of the room and to the hall bathroom, where he propped the boy up on the sink cabinet.  He’d have liked to bring the kiddo up to his bedroom, but it was hard enough carrying a grown man without getting stairs involved.  Mycroft preferred not to send the kid to the hospital if they had any mishaps.
“Do you want a funny pirate sticker, ‘Lock?” Bunny was asking beside him, oblivious to the tension in the room.  “Or a pretty red dinosaur? Or this cool blue dinosaur?”
Bunny shook his head, which was a relief.  He would never blame the kid for a wet bed, but being spared the challenge of changing soiled bed sheets while at his brother’s house was a blessing.
There had been no reason to assume that Mycroft had not been entirely sincere in his question, but there was no arguing that Sherlock was especially sensitive to babying at the moment.  It was a given that, because they’d begun potty training, wet pants held a different connotation than they had previously.  What had once been nothing serious--something Sherlock had done quite often in headspace, intentional or not--suddenly felt significant, a marker of maturity and a standard to remain above.  He’d lost some confidence after he’d had his accident, and was feeling at the moment as if he needed to assert himself as capable.
If only Sherlock would agree to a bath himself, Mycroft knew he could have him fully little in no time.  As it was, he simply had to let the boy call the shots.  His hovering was a good sign that he was feeling a bit vulnerable.  Mycroft helped Bunny out of the bathtub and wrapped him in a waiting towel.
Bunny glanced up and immediately scrambled close to Mycroft, arms reaching out around his neck as his tears resumed.  Mycroft took him into his arms, rocking back and forth as he ran his fingers between his shoulderblades.
“Shit,” John said, causing Sherlock to start.  They had been quiet for a while, John flicking over a few of the photos to see what his options were.
“Okay so first result is up.  As there’s a few to get through I’m going to put them on the other screen for you alright and keep processing?”
There was a knock on the door.  For a split second, both considered ignoring it.  If they were quiet enough, maybe the person would take the hint and leave.  Maybe-
, after months of searching and deducing, running and hiding, they had shared a blissful moment of silence.  The room had clearly been cleaned but there was just enough random papers lying about, just enough letters stabbed to the mantelpiece, their chairs tucked closely together, the headphones still lopsided on the bull skull.  It was home.  In that moment, they both sighed in relief.
“Arguing is not casual,” John pointed out.  The others huffed but called a truce in the interests of the case, each promising to have strong words with the other later.  John was intrigued by how Sherlock knew the other Fallen, the question of his residency in the Council limits still a mystery, but this was perhaps not the time to ask.
He didn’t know how this always happened to him but he was blaming the universe because clearly it hated him.  It totally wasn’t the fact he had slept in late and snoozed his way through the four alarms he had set.  Or the fact his room was so messy it was a struggle to find where his jeans were.  Luckily past-John didn’t hate future-John that much as his bag was ready to go so he only had to grab it and his keys on the way out and run out the door.
Avoiding looking in the mirror, he shrugged off his jumper and t-shirt, noticing absently that he was growing a slight tummy in his new student lifestyle.  But that was a problem for another day.  He turned on the shower, allowing the room to steam up before he took of the rest of his clothes and could safely put them in the hamper next to the sink without his own reflection staring back at him.
“Indeed.  I guess I’ll have to have a talk with Mrs Hudson to verify your story and to tell her to leave my things alone.
“Excellent.  You’ll be able to verify this.”  Sherlock said, as he produced a vial from a coat pocket.
Sherlock seemed to hesitate.  “I’m going out now.  I said I’d go look at this case for Victor.”  John heard the hidden question in his words.
Mycroft and John seemed to stay locked in a silent argument for another moment.  However, John was the one who relented, slumping back into the sofa.  He also removed his arm from round Sherlock’s back which was inexcusable.
Instead of replying, John huffed a mock-sigh and there was a thud as the papers hit the floor.  Excellent progress so far.  Sherlock titled his head up, fighting against the urge to smile.  This was a lost cause as soon as John kissed him though.  Sweet victory.
Sherlock seemed to fighting against a sigh, as to do so would derail not just their conversation but their entire relationship.  “To investigate the car.  I-” he struggled against the next words, forcing them out as if evicting them from his body.  “I want you to come,” was the quiet, determined addition.  His gaze had now flickered to his shoes, and John didn’t know if it was this or the hunch of the shoulders, or the expression of innocent confusion which clouded Sherlock’s face, or simply the fact that he was feeling like shit and it was nice to be wanted.
There was a crack of sunlight spilling through the curtains.  It was directly in his line of sight, taunting him from where he was curled up in his chair.  More accurately, he had sandwiched himself sideways, with both his knees and his chin curled to his chest, as close to a ball shape as he could manage.
John worried if he had pushed too far.  They hadn't actually stated what this was and although Sherlock was clearly planning a next time (oh thank god there was a next time), that didn't necessarily mean relationship.  Luckily though, Sherlock hummed in agreement.  "What did you have in mind?"
However, as much as he wished to stay in bed and fall asleep again, he couldn't ignore the fact that he was really very uncomfortably sticky and really needed a shower.  So, as carefully as he could, he extracted himself from underneath Sherlock and crept out of the room.
Molly pulled him out of there quite quick after that.  As he was too busy feeling like the worlds biggest idiot he missed John watching him leave.  Molly however didn’t and caught his eye with a raised eyebrow.  John blushed and looked away, busying himself with collecting his music and pretending that he just happened to be looking in that direction.
“I prefer to text,” Sherlock said, pocketing John’s phone.  That was the last he’d see of that then.  Presumably it would be drafted into an experiment of some kind in the near future, but that was a problem for future John.  Currently, of the two people he texted, one was currently on his way here and the other was stood before him.  At first he thought the suddenly narrowed eyes were on him, before he realised they were looking beyond him to the creature on the floor.  He was surprisingly quiet for a suspect, not even struggling anymore, just breathing quietly.  Waiting.  John knew better than to relax his grip.  He had landed heavily on his bashed up shoulder which was protesting violently and he wasn’t sure another flying tackle would have the same effect.  The suspect’s eyes were on Sherlock, surveying him, particularly lingering on the wings.  Maybe he thought that Sherlock would help, that he could use the fact he had those wings too as a bargaining chip.  He was about to get a surprise.
Lestrade was taken aback by the question.  If it didn’t have to do with the case, Sherlock seemed uninterested in finding out about the personal details of anyone other than John.
“You stay here and check the victim’s files for Council links.  Start with Faber,” he said, buttoning up his coat.
His third mistake of taking the case was waiting for him at home.  Well, it was his home in fact.  He now had a reason to hate living in a first floor flat.  Stairs were the devil.
Simultaneously a “You know him?” and “He’s disturbing my lab time!” like two kids trying to tell on the other first.
John stepped forward into the light.  No outward injuries, steady step.  Unharmed.  Sherlock’s heart stopped.
“No, you see, John Watson doesn’t say things are ‘good’.  Things can be fine, things can be brilliant, things can be okay, things can be terrible.  Never simply good.  So when you use the word ‘good’, you know what I think?  I think, John Watson is hiding something that is bothering him which is slowly eating him up inside until he’s too emotionally constipated to talk to anyone.  That is what is happening when you use the word good.”
"J-John. Please," Sherlock whined, his eyes scrunched shut at the teasing.  His hair was messily haloed around his head and his lips were red and kiss-bitten.  He looked absolutely gorgeous and John couldn’t deny him anything.
“Hi, I’m Victor.  Nice to meet you,” Victor said, sticking out a hand.  John shook it because he was polite dammit but couldn’t help comparing Victor’s soft palms with his own scarred ones from hours fiddling with camera equipment.  He was floundering for something to say.
“So let me get this straight,” Lestrade turned round as fully as he could to glare at the bashful Fallen.  “You are choosing
There were good things, things that John tried to recite to himself every time he felt like hitting his head against a wall (
This in itself was probably why John should be on his way to arrest him because how could he know if he wasn’t involved?  Or up to what Greg referred to as “some seriously shady shit”?  That coupled with the fact that John couldn’t find him on the G.O.D (Great Omnipotent Database- never trust angels to come up with administrative solutions while drunk, they can be little shits and commit like all hell).  Although, if John was a Fallen, he would have kept off the grid too.  Plus, he still has no idea why Sherlock kept turning up while he was at work.
“That’s annoying.  Our phones were returned to us yesterday and this is definitely being kept as evidence.  Got everything I needed from it anyway and I doubt it will be of any use to you in the near future.”
He sat up quickly, scattering the debris that had landed on his body and hair.  Scanning the surroundings confirmed the expected.  The tunnel had caved in and had taken out one half of the platform with it.  The stairs were fractured as well.  The walls had splintering cracks running up them, glowing still.  All the windows were blown out and the daylight filtered through.
to.  What would he even say?  “Hi John, what is your opinion on triple homicides and hunting serial killers for fun?  Want to go out some time and talk about that?”
Lestrade laughed. “But that’s why I need you to speak to them for me.  That way they might still regard me with regular disdain rather than actual loathing and they can hate you instead.”
It was worth it to solve a case he thought as he staggered zig-zag fashion upstairs.  A traitorous part of his mind added ‘
“Ugh,” was the eloquent reply as all the blood rushed from his head.  He scrubbed a hand over his face and hair.  Hair Sherlock had been stroking.  Probably an automatic reaction.  “How long was I out?” was what he actually asked.
Sherlock grumbled and was stubbornly going to try again when his felt John’s teeth graze his neck.  His head fell back slightly with a whimper as John gently licked and kissed first the right, then the left side of his neck and his hand rose to John’s hair, both encouraging and steadying himself as soft, involuntary noises fell from his lips.  John nipped at the juncture between his neck and shoulder and Sherlock felt him chuckle at the hiss it produced.
“Not yet,” he said and hated the way her face fell a little.  “I have a lead though.  Lestrade is certain he will be absolutely fine,” he offered.
When she left he retrieved the presents from where he’d stashed them in his wardrobe, one of the few places Gladstone never learnt to get into.  Gladstone
, and the feeling of power and strength that came from the enhancement of his abilities was overwhelming and exhilarating.  During the war, John felt he could do anything, be the angel he was destined to be.  A few times he even thought it might be the reason he was called into existence in the first place.
.  “Stay there or this gets a lot worse,” he said to the girl, shoving her back into the wall.  The thug stalked over to where John was concealed and John found himself thinking
A bouncer came through, maybe on his break.  John suspected he looked ridiculous, less deer-in-the-headlights on a dark road and more elephant-under-spotlights on the brightest day in the year.
“I never told you I loved bees and yet you chose this mug,” Sherlock said, smiling down at it once more, but with a puzzled crease between his eyebrows.
For the first time since returning to civilian life, John was desperately happy to see the doors to Barts, a healing and teaching facility which worked closely with the CGUs (Council Guard Units), if only to change the subject.  As they swung through the doors, John said “To backtrack, I’m not certain I’d count someone breaking into someone’s house and stealing their arm as a high-profile case. Weird, yes.  Criminal, definitely.  High-profile, questionable.”
“Yeah, well, it’s good to run him out every so often.  Make sure he comes back for the ones we can’t do,” Lestrade said, only partially joking.  Sally turned to greet their visitor, only to have her biting words die in her throat.
“I mean mostly only in a theoretical sense.  We’re meant to keep people alive remember.”  Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him.  “You know what I mean!  Unobliterated.  Soul intact, that sort of thing.”
“Fuck,” John growled, forehead rest on Sherlock’s chest, before shouting towards the door “Be there in a minute.  Later,” he said, desperately to Sherlock.
“Hey.  You should think of a career in the secret service you know.  I saw you back in the library, looked down for two seconds to grab my phone and then you were gone.”
“It means you’re lucky your brother was there to help you.  And that sometimes things really are just bureaucratic errors.”
Sherlock allowed himself a smirk.  John looked puzzled and Sherlock watched the cogs turning in his brain a while before replying.
“Molly?  Hi, it’s John, I was wondering if Greg was in?”  John almost smiled at Molly’s nervous introduction; it was nice to know that some things hadn’t changed.
“I think you’ll do fine,” Sherlock said, looking over quickly.  What neither of them noticed in their rush to look away was that both of them were blushing.
John who had taken to these practicalities like an angel to flying, flaunting his ability to fit in to the mundanities of humanity with ease.  He wasn’t jealous.  Jealousy was too strong an emotion to be feeling over someone’s ability to have a functioning sleep pattern, instead of veering wildly between sleeping an hour every three days to needing sleeping fourteen over an afternoon.
“By proving you were in fact breaking and entering in another part of town.  You still had to go to prison,” Sherlock corrected, as he did every time.
A small part of Sherlock’s brain registered the fact his brother was sincere in his concern. He frowned. It wasn’t the response he’d been expecting but that didn’t mean his worries were untrue. He nodded his thanks before sweeping out the car.
to Sherlock.  He felt John’s lips twitch and there was a split moment of panic before a hand came up to cradle his head and keep their lips pressed together.  When they finally pulled back, neither could contain a small laugh, and John slowly shook his head, brushing their foreheads together as they simply soaked in the moment.  It was the start, their start, and in that crystalline moment both silently vowed that it wasn’t going to be taken away from them for anything.
"Yeah, definitely agree with that."  He ran his fingers lazily through Sherlock's hair, liking the way the curls clung onto his fingers until the last possible second.
There was a pause before Sherlock started to giggle, the vibrations running through John's chest.  He started laughing too and soon they were helpless, each setting the other off again.
“I have a project, I need to get done and I was going to do it last week but I was stressed out and busy and I know this is really short notice but would you be free to please help me out this afternoon?”  John’s normally calm even tone had descended into a garbled chaos as he panicked.  After their initial shoot they’d hung out a few times, usually with Sherlock telling John about the more daring cases he’d been on, and John retelling stories of mischief from his childhood.  It was strange at first, having someone who actually listened and cared, but now Sherlock couldn’t imagine life without him, even branching out into talking about other aspects of his life which he was sure were dull as hell but which John seemed to enjoy.  This was a terrifying realisation but one he’d been good at suppressing so far.
Jake walked over while Sherlock was still contemplating a few ideas, measuring up their likelihood against the sparse evidence he had.  He couldn’t dismiss any of them just yet but hopefully that was about to change.
“Hmm, and what were we imagining I wonder?” John asked, and Sherlock was about to answer with something suave (probably) when John flicked his tongue over a nipple and Sherlock swore instead.
“I had a good time John,” Sherlock said, seeing through him in an instant.  “And I was going to say if you ever needed another model, I wouldn’t mind helping out,” he said, blushing slightly.
, a display case of moths, and some candle sticks.  A glance into the kitchen showed another table, quivering under the weight of...science equipment?  Cupboards from the 60s but perfectly serviceable once it saw some bleach and had things in it.  It was bigger than the space he had now, closer to the heart of the pretend city, Mrs Hudson seemed nice.
“Guard training and my delightful personality see me through.  Also, an industrial amount of coffee and almost constant insomnia doesn’t hurt.”  Lestrade turned to grin at him but the permanent bags under his eyes had sunken since yesterday.  Outside was still dark and the street empty.
"Please," Sherlock whimpered.  John then took his cock into his mouth and slowly sunk down.  Sherlock groaned long and loud as John bobbed his head slowly, getting used to the feel of Sherlock's cock and enjoying Sherlock's obvious desire.  He pressed his tongue to the underside as he moved making Sherlock twitch at the pressure.  Then he slid up to suckle on the head.  Sherlock whined in a high pitch and John looked up to see him spread back out on the bed, hand scrunched in the sheet, the other clutching at nothing, trying to find some purchase.  He took Sherlock's hand and placed it in his own hair, encouraging Sherlock to hold on before bobbing his head back down again. He picked up the pace slightly feeling Sherlock's gasping breaths and pleas speed up in turn.  He moved the hand on Sherlock's hip down his inner thigh and then down to cup his balls, pulling them slightly.  John smiled a little as he felt Sherlock struggle not to buck up into his hot, wet mouth at the sensation.  As Sherlock's cries took on a new note of desperation and he felt his balls draw up to his body, John moved his hand and as he sucked on Sherlock's head, he pressed onto Sherlock's perineum.  Sherlock's muscles tensed as he came with a shout, hot and heavy in John's mouth.  John kept sucking gently, all the way through his aftershocks before realising him and swallowed as much as he could.
“Tomorrow,” he said, centimeters away from Sherlock’s lips and then disappeared out of the front doors.
If he found John, he was going to say a plethora of things: that he was happy he was alive, that the world was better with him in it, that everything was going to be okay, that Sherlock would make sure everything would be okay.  But never, ever was he going to mention the feeling that had spread across his chest, into his fingers and down to his toes, filling him up with a sense of safety and giddiness and brightness.
So here he was.  An over-tired and under-paid Junior Guard, with no real ambitions to rise higher in the ranks, walking a patrol he’d done practically every day since taking the job, bored out of his mind with nothing to fill his thoughts.
“Why what?”  John pulled them into the conservatory, to sit on a sofa tucked just to the right of the doorway.  It was covered in an appalling old-fashioned floral pattern and Sherlock had to wonder who had overseen the interior design.  John re-caught his attention, turning to face him, left hand propped up on the back to rest his head on, the right still holding onto Sherlock’s.
“At work.  He said he didn’t want to come back anyway.  Feels like he’s being watched.  They wiped the CCTV feed so that’s useless, before you ask.”
Sherlock arrived outside the block of flats, his mind still distracted with the events of earlier.  It was clear John was trying to hide his nightmares but why Sherlock didn’t know.  He didn’t understand how he was supposed to help if John didn’t let him in but for now, he would respect John’s wishes to leave him alone.  It hurt slightly but clearly John wouldn’t want to go on the case, especially not just after a stressful night’s sleep.  John hadn’t shown an abundance of enthusiasm about the case anyway.  However he’d be fine by himself.  At least that’s what Sherlock kept on telling himself.
As much as John hated “casual”, he hated silence more.  They were two predators sizing each other up and the only thing protecting Sherlock from his own recklessness was John.  John, who could do nothing but sit there and wait it out while the ball was in that bastard’s court.  A bastard who was looking decidedly unimpressed.
“Explaining yourself.”  The tone was still pleasant, as breezy as a garden party in late June.  However Sherlock knew his brother and, as usual, he was in trouble for something.
“Well looks like my work here is done.  John don’t forget your project and also you owe me.  A lot.”  Mike then walked away because he was heartless and John was left alone with his gorgeous, intelligent neighbour.
Not-John scowled at him.  Lestrade’s eye twitched.  Very quietly he said, “I’m not going to yell at you now because we are working together and this is important.  But afterwards, I am going to have some choice words for you and they are going to be very,
The only indication she had to put effort in was the twitch of her muscles and the sweat.  Her face remained oddly calm, pure focus driving her every move.  It was strange to see the usually docile Molly looking so...lethal.
Sherlock nodded.  “Can’t say how many but I’m sure this is not an isolated incident.”  At Lestrade’s obvious displeasure at the news that he was not dealing with a small tagging case but a possible new uprising, John decided to look on the bright side.
The worst thing about the whole affair was that Molly definitely Knew and was not going to let him get away with self-denial for much longer.
“Yeah, when were you going to tell me the creepy guy on the phone threatening me was your brother giving me the ‘don’t hurt him or you have to deal with me’ conversation?” John teased.
“He wouldn’t tell me.  Seems like its sensitive information, probably from close family or friends, though it’s useless to speculate without more data,” Sherlock answered, annoyed.  Patience had never been his strong suit.  “Oh and there was something about a party as well, this Friday I believe.  We’re both invited if you want to go,” he added on, almost as an afterthought.  That was how people invited others to parties, wasn’t it?  By acting nonchalant?  He inwardly cursed his lack of knowledge; how was he supposed to impress John without a proper basis of information?
Sherlock didn’t want to ask the next question but at this point, it wasn’t really about wanting but needing to know.  “What about?”
“You started it!  But sure, I’ll stop being childish and instead we’ll discuss how the cute boy you like but wouldn’t talk to asked you out on a date.”  Even Sherlock couldn’t fail to see she might have a point.  He
“I don’t know.  I’m thinking of taking an image of someone, monochrome it all, and then pick out the distinct colours in it? Prove it’s not black and white at all?  I don’t know, it might to be too cliché.”  To avoid saying anything else he shovelled more pasta into his mouth.
someone had to have taken it.  Now this is where I used your very own ‘powers of observation’.  If you had used the bottle in an experiment it would either be lying about near your science equipment to use later or, less likely, in the bin.  It wasn’t in either so clearly you didn’t use it and that leaves us with someone stealing it.  So someone with access and a motive, leading me to think Mrs Hudson stole our milk so I would have to go outside the flat, giving her enough time to clean the kitchen without me being able to stop her.  Good eh?”  John finished his monologue with a triumphant smile. Sherlock stood gaping at him for a second.
“John,” Sherlock whined involuntarily as he threw the shirt onto the floor and John felt his breath stop for a beat at the sweetness of the sound.  He then pushed Sherlock off him slightly, much to Sherlock’s displeasure and pulled his t-shirt off before crawling back to rest on his pillows.  Sherlock followed him as if they were magnetised together and stretched out over him, realigning their hips, which John took as an opportunity to alternately kiss his lips and his neck and basically any bit of skin he could find.
“I seem to remember basically admitting that you were the best thing to happen in my life, so I think I’ve filled my quota of dramatic declarations for the day.”  John kept glancing at Sherlock’s lips, but he played dumb.
“You said you owe everything to me.  Your affection shouldn’t be the price for that.  I don’t want you to feel obligated to love me.”
Seeing him again reminded John of how angry he still was, how much he had stored and fermented overnight, increasing the strength of the emotion like ageing wine.  It was richer and deeper and had a flavour all of its own.  He wanted Sherlock to know his anger, to feel it, to understand that he had a right to this feeling.
"Okay?" John asked again.  He wrapped one hand around the base of Sherlock's cock and the other pressed onto his hip, keeping him pinned to the mattress.
"Sherlock Holmes," he offered, with a head tilt like a puppy.  It was one of the cutest things John had seen.
Life with Sherlock was amazing at times, the erratic unscheduled chaos being reminiscent of his time on the force and making his body hum with adrenaline.  However, sometimes all John wanted was some peace and quiet, something he rarely got with Sherlock around.  Now though, Sherlock as going off out every five minutes with his new set of friends and John couldn’t help but loathe the silence around him, too still, too quiet.  It reminded him of his time with Sherlock at school and, when it got really bad, life without Sherlock altogether.  Also, he couldn’t help feeling possessive.  Sherlock was his, everyone else could back off and leave them alone.  At times he felt more of a flatmate than a partner.  John never mentioned this to Sherlock though.  Whenever he tried to, all he could think about was the lonely boy trekking through the woods or the boy that had spent most of his time skipping school to avoid other people and who hadn’t mentioned a single friend in the history of them being together.  Then John felt guilty.  Who was he to try and demand Sherlock give up something which clearly made him happy, just so they could spend a few more hours together doing much the same as they had before?  Although Sherlock would never admit it, John had quickly worked out all Sherlock wanted
moved out of Mycroft’s house.  This took a ridiculously long time (how difficult was it to fabricate documents for two adult males?) and while sharing a house with his brother, him and John found it difficult to find any time alone.
Sherlock’s lips were soft, if a little dry, and it was perfect, just perfect and sweet and John could have stayed like that forever.  The tension he had been feeling melted away under his touch and it was suddenly not enough and he needed to be closer, needed to feel more.  But then Sherlock pulled back, only a little, and rumbled, actually
John nodded, desperate to right this.  “Okay.  Good to know.”  Sherlock nodded once and then went to curl up in his chair.   Tension still hung in the air though, in the way Sherlock had turned his back, in the locking of his muscles.
“Not out here.  There however...” Sherlock pointed towards the opposite side of the tracks.  There was a smaller bar set up and next to it, a doorway that had STAFF ONLY stamped across it.  It was the latter which had clearly caught his attention.
The receptionist coughed politely.  “Um, I’m afraid John isn’t scheduled to work today and there’s no record of him covering another shift.”
It looked wobbly enough and didn’t seem to have a lock on the outside so he decided to chance it.  One kick wouldn’t hurt and if it didn’t work they could carry on.
Later, Sherlock would wonder what he would have said in reply, how he would have freed them both as well as ensuring evil did not descend to the world of man.  Perhaps he would have let Earth fall in order to protect John.  However, that would be later.
“Oh John, it’s as if you expect it to stay that way,” Sherlock grinned, let go of John and launched himself down the stairs.  A few minutes later John heard crashing and the clinking of glasses.
“I’m watching.”  Sherlock seemed fine with this state of affairs, lounging back in his seat, and staring out the window.
Lestrade sighed.  “No one tells me anything at that bloody place.  Would have been useful to know we consult outside the force but no, I’ll continue to muddle on thank you very much.  Anyway, if he does alright with this, maybe I’ll let him have a go at the symbols thing, see if he can crack it.”
considered staying and fighting him but all John had to do was raise an eyebrow and tilt his head slightly in a ‘
and whatever it was John was fairly sure he wouldn’t have had it lying about on his old kitchen work surfaces.  Unless it was jam.  Perhaps it was jam.  But how was he supposed to know?  He had his hand halfway towards his mouth to solve his conundrum with a taste-test before realising just how stupid of an idea that was; especially as he had no idea what Sherlock had been working with the other day.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “I’m sure I’ll do fine.”  His occasional runs around London were good for something at least and he still remembered his boxing training from school.
.  Riotous hair framed a face that was defined by chiselled cheekbones, cutting eyes, and surprisingly soft looking lips.  Not that John was staring.  He was just looking.  He was allowed to look.  He was a Fallen, John needed to be able to identify him properly for the Guard report.  Yeah, that sounded plausible enough.  The Fallen ignore him and was now examining the newly-tagged wall.
Sherlock resisted the urge to pout.  “I haven’t given up.  There’s an equal probability it isn’t him.  I refuse to become ensnared in a pointless belief without any evidence.  It’s illogical,” he snapped.  “Wait, where are we going?”
Initial impressions were of a short narrow room that could barely qualify as a corridor, brimming over with stacks of alcohol on rickety shelves.  Plastic wrapping was everywhere, half opened packages shoved into rough piles as the drinks were put out as quickly as they were selling.  Clean-up clearly started after customers stopped badgering the bar staff and they had three minutes of quiet to themselves.
get someone to help with you with transporting them to the station, they’re not worth getting injured over.”
Many, many months ago, I made a promise to myself I would finish this fic.  Come hell or high water this fic would be written, no matter how long it took me.
Okay, this is it.  Epilogue done, fic finished.  I cannot thank you all enough for reading so hopefully this last chapter stands as my thanks.  A word of caution, I haven't really read through the ending properly so please do flag all the grammar and spelling errors that definitely await you and, as ever, I hope you enjoy this :)
“It’s not illegal to go for a walk is it?”  He wasn’t sure why he wasn’t just telling him the truth.
He took a deep breath and reached out.  Aura colours were always a bit temperamental and the tension in the room was an overwhelming navy layering everything.  He ignored the tumult of Sherlock’s emotions next to him too with another breath.  Mr Holmes was his focus.  His disapproval was clear, as was his doubt over Sherlock’s play.  Other subtler emotions were a mess and John cursed his lack of power.  He couldn’t think about that too long however.  Change what he could; hope that it would be enough.  Emotional changes were difficult as it had to be done without the subject being aware of being changed.  First he began slowly , so slowly, drawing back the scepticism.  However, the doubt had to be replaced with something so he began talking.
“I can make a pretty good guess!”  There were not, as a general rule, many detached limbs in the afterlife.
This kiss was harsh, striking, verging on brutal. This kiss was John pulling at the hair he’d caressed so reverently so that he could move Sherlock where he wanted; this kiss was him clutching at John’s hips as they both pushed impossibly closer; this kiss was John biting at his bottom lip and him gasping at the sensation. John licked his way into Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock could only moan and let go, allowing John to take, and take, and take.
“You are such a Drama Queen.  But fine, come help me with this.”  With the two of them working together it took less time than John had anticipated which felt like both a relief and a disappointment.
They still did not realise their problem as they (meaning John) checked into their hotel rooms.  Keeping up the illusion of a simple friendship, they had rooms across the hall from one another.
John was stood in the doorway, watching him with amusement.  “You okay there my love?”  Sherlock tried not to melt at the pet name.  He was not the sort of person that liked pet names.
To his housemates, Sherlock Holmes was fairly easy to pin down.  Not easy to be around by any stretch of the imagination but he wasn’t as mysterious and brooding as he liked to pretend to be.  No one could deny he was smart (there was a reason he was at Cambridge after all), his tall stature could be quite intimidating and he wasn’t known to spare anyone’s feelings while on a deductive streak.  However there are things you cannot keep from people who are the first people you see in the morning and last you see at night.
Sherlock picked the thread of the blanket around his knees.  “You didn’t know me back then.  I was not what one would call a model citizen.”
He didn’t have much, a suitcase and some boxes, and he borrowed one of the squad cars to shift them (promising Greg he would bring it back the second his boxes landed on the doorstep and that he wouldn’t tell anyone else otherwise there would be pandemonium).
He'd brought some guy from the rugby team for moral support.  Instead they were being dicks.  He didn't know what he'd expected.
“He looks ordinary.  Though I guess that’s the point.  There’s something…” John struggled to find the words.  Strange?  Weird?  Icky?  “There’s just something about him that’s off.  Not exactly a stellar legal attack by the police.”
Sherlock was confused when he woke up.  He was aware he was hot, mainly because the body under him was like a furnace.  It was also comfortable however and as his limbs were unwilling to cooperate he nuzzled in and let himself doze.
.  Not a revelation, or an epiphany, but somehow it seemed important.  He must have been staring at it intently, as Sherlock stopped mid-planning with Lestrade to follow his gaze.
“And yet not far enough.  I’m fine, honestly.  I wouldn’t lie to you.”  Sherlock snapped his mouth shut at that last sentence, realising it had come out more sincere than intended, sounding more like a promise.  John’s eyes softened and his smiled a little, the worry that had been pinching his face disappearing.  This made Sherlock feel slightly smug.  Maybe he was better at this than he realised.  Whatever “this” was.
“A little.”  John was going to leave it at that but Greg had his ‘’Oh my god actual details about John Watson’s Life’ face on which meant an 83 page itemised list of questions would be on his desk if he didn’t head this off.  “We trained together a bit, briefly.  He was sent back and put on home duty the last I’d heard of him.  Must have been two years ago now.”  John’s memory patched together an image of a short man, small glasses perched on his nose (an aesthetic choice apparently), excellent at diagnosis and action plans, but without the surgeon’s accuracy needed on the front.  His natural good-nature made him popular though, and his kindness meant he had picked up John as part of his straggler group before the fighting split them apart across a battlefield.
Sherlock was definitely looking wary now.  “Well, you weren’t there.  This morning.  In the bed.” He then frowned, as if puzzled by his own need to clarify where they had both been not 30 minutes earlier.  John stared at him, undecided whether to hug him or hit him.  Or both.
“No, that was John.”  Lestrade raised an eyebrow.  “He was provoked.  There was a portal, to Earth, and the only way to stop it was to destroy it.  He was wrapped up in some destruction spell anyway, so he used his powers and-” he waved in the direction of the crater that now contained them both.  A lump stuck in his throat and he felt his lip wobble.  Delayed reaction.  Shock.
, people eavesdropping often ground to a halt and then awkwardly pretend to tie their shoelaces or get out their phone to pretend they were not shaken to their core.  Sherlock Holmes did not giggle, but then again, he didn’t have friends either.  John Watson seemed to be his only exception.
Lestrade nodded in agreement.  “We wouldn’t have solved it without you.  And you made him happy so, you know, we owed you one.  Now turn around before we get over emotional.”
So he’d said he would think about it.  Now, two years later, here he was.  Happier.  Slightly more confident.  Totally not paying attention to his lecture because all he had was the image of next-door neighbour in running shorts in his head.
His phone buzzed and for a split-second John thought that Sherlock had somehow read his mind, despite Sherlock’s protests that it would be cheating and was also impossible.
“Look at me.”  He looked.  It was quite the sight, John kneeling in front of him.  All except for the small frown on his face.  “We can stop, if it’s too much or you don’t want to or-”
John stood scowling at his section of the wardrobe.  At the peril of sounding like a melodramatic teenager, he had absolutely
The taxi pulled up outside a posh office building, its exterior mainly glass reflecting the image of the opposing skyscraper.  John felt acutely aware of just how scruffy he looked as several heads turned towards the two teens.  He followed behind Sherlock as they strode through the standard, modern reception, past the curved lines of the front desk and glass coffee tables and straight towards the elevators.
“As if you could do that to me Mrs Hudson,” he said, his voice croaky from the impromptu nap.  She raised an eyebrow at him and disappeared back into the kitchen.  The sound of the kettle being clicked on was a reassurance that tea would indeed be soon available.
Sherlock was loathe to admit it but he had missed his brother in an abstract way.  This was not to say he wasn’t annoying, pretentious and a pain in the backside. Sometimes, however, his omniscient protection was useful and at the depths of his solitude, he was willing to admit to himself that his brother’s company would at least alleviate the boredom.
After officially being signed to the case he’d sulked all the way home, supposedly to read through the case file again to check if the police had missed something.  If Mrs Hudson was also there to face up to her betrayal, well that was just coincidental.  He noisily slammed every door available on the way up to the living room but it only earned him a tut and shake of the head as she washed some dishes in the sink.  He huffed and flung himself into his chair, resisting the urge to knock everything off of the table surface and onto the floor.  She’d only leave it for him to deal with again and that not only defeated the purpose but also was a headache to reorganise.
As he alighted on the walkway, the glow of the lights flooded to full power and left him blinking rapidly.
“John, just breathe for us okay?  Deep breaths.  It’s all going to be fine.  Now tell me, who is Victor and why haven’t I heard about him before?”
It took him a moment to realise John was talking to him.  For a while his mind was shockingly blank until he caught Molly staring at him, frantically mouthing the words “Thank him” behind John’s back.
“You were being a dick.  Come on, you’ve been distracted all week.  I even get you invited to a high-level crime scene and you can’t even be bothered to
“Don’t ‘what?’ me!  How can you know something like this and not tell us?” Victor said sounding personally offended.
Sherlock was not known for his filter and did not intend to start now.  “No, I think you’ll find it was the illegal steroids and their unfortunate after effects you were dealing which has caused that.”
“As I assured you earlier I am fine.  Are you okay?”  Sherlock pretended to be deeply engrossed in Form 23XJ937Y.  There was a slight worry that if he made eye contact, those ocean eyes would make him start apologising and grovelling on the floor and he was desperately trying to claw back some of his aloof persona.
Last night, Sherlock had returned at 3pm, just after John had got in from the library, and thrown himself into his pyjamas and onto the sofa.  He had remained there near constantly ever since, only getting up for the bathroom or to pace manically for a few minutes before returning to his position on the sofa.  John had managed to get him to eat some toast earlier and, from the amount of half-filled mugs squished on the coffee table, he had been getting some liquids so that was something at least.  For the first few hours he hadn’t spoken at all.  Now he was replying to simple questions but still wouldn’t answer questions about the case or what was troubling him.  John could only hope that the party would allow Sherlock to relax a bit and work through whatever was bothering him.
It was only when they were outside Sherlock’s room that John started to doubt his amazing plan was actually amazing and started thinking it may have been the worst decision he had ever made.  But before he could retreat into his own room and forget the entire thing, Mike was knocking on the door and staring at John with a peaceful look that said ‘You asked for this.  This was entirely your idea.  You idiot.’  John hated that look.  He was also very familiar with that look.
would be there- No. He had to keep his control, just for a while longer. Just until he knew where he stood.
conversation.  Their talk had spiralled from dogs to Sherlock's work, to observations about the surrounding population (which made John giggle and oh, he had to hear that sound again), to Sherlock's apparently astonishing lack of popular culture knowledge.  So there was another walk two weeks later.  Then one a week later.  Then it advanced to every week.  Then every few days.  And then Sherlock found himself lying on the sofa only a day after his last walk with John, desperately wishing the day away not, as was usual, for a case but so that he could see John again.
“Look, you’re just going to have to tell Daniel that you haven’t found his arm.”  Sherlock clearly did not worry about appearing weird.  Or indeed the words “that’s illegal”.
“Top drawer,” John managed to focus enough to string together two words.  However this also meant that the movements stopped and John groaned at the loss of contact.  He was so close, he just needed-
“We could’ve handled this ourselves you know?  We’re not as bad as he makes out,” she said to Lestrade.
He collapsed on his elbows to watch John undress above him, pulling his button-down up over his head and Sherlock practically salivated at the sight of the defined chest and arms which were revealed.  He batted John’s hands away from his jeans and unbuttoned them himself.  John was smirking above him as he focussed on pulling down denim and briefs.
When they arrived at Scotland Yard and were delivered to a waiting room, Sherlock overheard the officer who had driven their car saying to Molly that she now knew what she meant with the “lose it” comment.  He felt offended but was uncertain as to why so simply threw himself into a plastic waiting chair.  It did not have the same dramatic effect as when he was in his sharp suits and long coat.
The door to the building directly opposite their flat was already open.  Retrospectively, if asked what the buildings were, John would have probably shrugged and said they were flats too but if he was being truly honest, he had never given a single thought to them.  They had blended into the backdrop of his life with Sherlock, an old movie set made of paper and false perspectives for them to stage their adventures on.  Now he knew just how close that assessment was.  The building was abandoned.  It spread out further than 221, the open-space of the area three buildings instead of one.  The other doors must be false, as there was no sign of them this side of the wall.  Metal stairs were tucked to the far right side.  It reminded John of a factory floor, bereft of machines.  Suddenly he wished for a torch to cut through the gloom.
to think about Sherlock being in the next room over and failing desperately.  It was also exhausting attempting to keep his crush from the man in question.  If his rugby mates, who had the collective awareness of a root vegetable, could tell he had already fallen for this guy, there was no way Sherlock couldn't be aware.  Could there?  Either way Sherlock had not abandoned him yet and John was taking what he could get.
, John thought, smiling too.  Working together made his life easier, and who knew, maybe they’d be friends by the end of this.  He glanced up and down the road, the questions about the case still rattling in his head.  There was no doubt Sherlock would work it out but there was no harm in thinking about these things.
The only tradition at Baker Street that precedes the birth of Hamish is Christmas pyjamas, and it continues now, though with slightly more feet, and a little white lie.
There, in the blackness of the screen, were two grey shapes where only one had been a moment ago. John blinked and leaned forward, resting one hand on the side of the exam table while slipping his fingers from Sherlock’s to grasp his hand instead.
He’s also looking down at where we’re joined, where my cock is pressed into the dove-grey of his dress shirt and leaking liberally. I watch him lick his lips and I know he’s imagining getting his mouth on me.
He wrote it off differently each time. The first time, he’d been 18, and even he’d thought he was too young to see the clock running down. It wasn’t surprising that his soul mate had been skittish; perhaps she was nervous about meeting him without really experiencing all that the world had to offer. Probably just cold feet about making that connection too soon, not wanting to settle just yet. If she was younger than him, maybe a year or two, she could’ve been called off by her parents. It wasn’t uncommon for parents to want their children to wait before letting fate take them on that course.
The doctor was moving toward the bed, obviously taking in the details one by one, looking for every instance of consent before he would venture to touch his living dream.
As it was, the detective should have been in the proverbial dog house for filling their flat with pink smoke that hadn’t yet been deemed non-toxic. But John could forgive him. By this point in their relationship, most destruction was fair game as long as Sherlock didn’t sever any limbs or leave them homeless for longer than 72 hours.
Tells him so. Addressing him is easier if he can look away. John is sure he’s gaining ground, getting the upper hand.
His fingers slid from base to tip, then back down again with a little twist of his wrist on the down stroke. The resultant squeeze around his own member was a welcome afterthought, and John let his other hand stall on Sherlock's hip, helping to keep him steady.
“Why do you think he’s having trouble coming up with things?” Sherlock asks. John will likely turn ‘round and tell him he’s focusing on something unimportant, but Sherlock has his moments. At the age of four, he certainly could’ve come up with a list.
I turn around, victorious, and am unsurprised to see that he’s sitting—as spread-legged as he can be while fully dressed—and stroking his cock slowly as he watches me.
"Do you want me to go with you?" John didn't want to, and he knew Sherlock would hear it in his voice, but he offered all the same. The andrologist had always been an uncomfortable experience for John. And even though he was a doctor, he didn't like thinking of Sherlock clinically. He'd heard it was a rather common trait for dominant partners, specifically during childbirth. It was already something he had a hard time imagining, but that didn't mean he wanted their potential child any less. He just had a hard time taking the sex out of it all and remembering that it was a natural process their bodies were equipped for.
Although it was no secret that Sherlock often wet himself, that he enjoyed holding his bladder and losing control, and that he chose to wet the bed and his pants whenever the whim struck him while in headspace, perhaps only Mycroft and Sherlock knew the man still struggled with real accidents.  Sherlock quite often played off all his wet trousers--whether they happened in headspace or out--as intentional acts in order to guard himself against embarrassment and ridicule.  He had long since learned to verbally degrade himself or laugh off what were deemed unacceptable actions before others could do it for him, but Mycroft knew better than to fall for Sherlock’s facades of bravado.
Sherlock was wide awake as soon as Mycroft reached back to pat his knee and explain to him and the Bunny that they had arrived, and he bounded out of the car and through the lake house with excitement.
He nodded to the man, hefting his overnight bag onto his shoulder as he began glancing for Harry’s car in the row of SUVs and sedans waiting in a line along the parking lot.
Hi, loves! I hope you're all doing well.  It's been a really rough week on my end, but I'm so glad to be able to get you all a new chapter.  Warnings for angst, war flashbacks, and mentions of PTSD.  If anyone has advice on more accurately portraying PTSD nightmares, I'd welcome the guidance.  Comments in general would be lovely, as always :)
“Because John is not currently in time-out awaiting a spanking for a slew of cheeky misbehaviors,” Mycroft said.  “Now turn back around and face the corner, young man.”
“No need to apologize, little one,” Papa said, pulling Bunny to his chest once more.  “Is the bed wet, too?”
They settled into a comfortable silence, both men entertaining the idea of helping the other to the bed upstairs in John’s room and both ultimately deciding they were too comfortable to move.  Mycroft was soon dozing against Greg, the lack of sleep from the night before as well as the bourbon he’d consumed before leaving his flat combining to settle him into a content drowsiness.  Greg had toed off his shoes and kicked his feet up onto the coffee table before them, a solid, steady weight behind Mycroft.
He had never called Mycroft Daddy before.  He had never even called his own father Daddy before.  And even though Greg had recovered and was now looking at him with nothing but acceptance, John knew he would tell Mycroft and then they would have to discuss it and what if it was just too much for Mycroft and he didn’t want to care for him anymore?
“We knew Sherlock would act out,” Greg said.  “You told me so yourself upstairs in the bedroom.  Is it really so surprising that he would pull John into his game, or that John would feel compelled to make amends by following along?”
“Let’s not fuss about that right now, love,” Papa said, voice still gentle as he glanced at him with care.  “You have me worried, and I’d like to know you’re okay.”
“I’m going to call Mycroft, okay?” he asked, and Bunny nodded hard enough to remind him that his head was pounding.
“Very funny,” Mycroft smirked, sarcastic but fond.  Lately, Mycroft had been insisting that Papa eat a bit healthier, much to the disappointment of Papa.  “Come here and tell me what you’d like on your sandwich.”
Greg wished John had taken the opportunity to latch back onto his little headspace; there was a way in which what John could most do to help the situation would be to slip back down and stay Bunny.  If John stayed adult and Mycroft could not know that John was being cared for emotionally, Mycroft would be worried about both Sherlock and John instead of primarily focusing his attention on Sherlock.
“Bun,” Mycroft called as he set the clothing on the edge of the sink.  “Is it okay if Sherlock comes in for a minute?”
“Mycroft, why does Bunny get to wear undies to bed?” Sherlock asked, indignant, with a mouthful of toothpaste.
Sherlock could feel the blush spreading across his cheeks when the attention was turned towards him.  Was Papa teasing him? Had he found out Sherlock had wet himself?  And why did he feel like crying when he was suddenly forced to remember the way his wee had puddled beneath him on the carpet?
He stood from his place at the edge of the mattress with a groan.  He did not have the mental energy to argue, but he knew he was in for a disagreement.
Sherlock sighed and sat up to peer over the far side of the bed, coughing as he glared down towards Bunny.
The boy emerged a bit further from the blankets, pulling his wet thumb from his lips, rubbing his eyes, and then sticking his tongue out of his mouth.  Mycroft tsked at the irritated spot on the center of John’s tongue, and knew it must be causing the boy pain when he sucked.  It would never heal if the boy continued to aggravate the sore.
Mycroft shook his head, but reached out to catch Greg’s hand before he left, squeezing it in thanks.
“Sherlock’s a big boy, today, Daddy?” Bunny asked around his pacifier, sitting up as Mycroft came closer.
John sent a half-hearted glare Sherlock's way and dodged the unused pull-up when he tossed it towards him. Sherlock ignored John's eye roll and simply smiled cheekily as he stepped around John to leave the room.
“Don’t have to,” Sherlock said, turning his face into a rogue pillow and only glancing up at Papa from one eye.  “Leave me ‘lone.”
When Greg stepped into the bathroom, he could not help but smile.  The boy was asleep against the back of the tub, plastic sharks left abandoned in the water.  Greg was inclined to find his mobile and snap a few pictures of Sherlock looking so innocent and sweet, but the most important task at the moment was getting the boy back to bed.  He clearly needed sleep.
There was a moment of struggling against the thought, but John was fed up with struggling.  He needed to be small, damn anyone who thought otherwise.
Bunny rubbed her eyes as she woke to a weight pressing down the end of her bed.  She had been dreaming about spending the day on the beach with Sherlock and her Daddy and Papa, building sandcastles and chasing the seagulls.
“Certainly not,” Mycroft said.  He’d left his dinner untouched despite Greg’s insistence that he eat.  “I’ve monitored quite closely, particularly after extended periods of time when he’s been young, and thus the most vulnerable to the memories.”
“We were playing!” Sherlock said, voice whiny as he tried to escape punishment.  “I didn’t know he had to go bad.”
Sherlock leaned in and kissed him, hard and without warning, to wipe the goofy grin off of his face.  John smiled, too, opening his mouth to breathe a laugh and returning the favor as he took Sherlock’s lower lip into his mouth for a moment before reaching to intertwine his fingers through the mussed curls at the back of Sherlock’s head and snogging him in return, pulling him close once more.  He guided Sherlock’s hand down beneath the sheets until it was back in place, cupped around his groin.
His brother was desperate for answers, and his egocentrism assured he’d look for validation regarding whatever memories had come to light.  John was generally so impressed with Sherlock’s powers of deduction that he had ceased questioning them.  If Mycroft played his cards well, he could convince Sherlock and John that Sherlock had stumbled upon the salient facts without having to pass along every grim detail.  He just had to ensure Sherlock did not realize the ploy.
He knew the boy needed comforting, but, after the fear of losing his kid had been followed not by apologies, but by acts of defiance, Greg’s emotions were too volatile to soothe or coddle.  He just needed to focus on getting the kid home, getting him punished and fed, and getting him down for a nap.  Maybe when he woke up and Greg had been able to decompress by processing the situation with Mycroft, he'd be able to have a rational chat with his little princess.
But his Daddy had gone past too quickly, and had landed on another cartoon, this one with dinosaurs, which had subsequently caught a now enraptured Sherlock’s attention.
When Daddy sighed, Bunny’s fears were confirmed, and he knew it would be quite some time before he’d get his pacifier back.  He pulled his tongue back into his mouth and could not help the tears from forming.  It was their last day at the lake house; they’d be driving back to London that evening, and then he would need to get big again.  He had already begun to feel the worry about aging up and going back to regular life peppering his thoughts; without the comfort of his pacifier, it would be that much harder to stay little and enjoy their last day.
Sherlock glanced down at the tiles of the bathroom floor for a moment, pulling at his bottom lip with one hand.  When he shifted his gaze to John, there were tears in his eyes once more, and the boy was far too exhausted to do anything but let them spill onto his cheeks.
Hopefully I'll have time to add a new chapter to Weekend at the Lake soon as well.  For now, hopefully this update will tide you all over!
John stood in the doorway, dressed in nothing more than a towel, and watched while Greg finished cleaning and re-making Sherlock’s bed with new sheets.  He felt compelled to help out, knew he should step into the room and hook one side of the fitted sheet around the corners of the mattress while Greg hooked the other.  But John was tired, and there was something pleasing about watching Greg’s efficiency, the ease and precision with which he moved.
Eventually the bedwetting became something that only happened a few times a year.  But those nights with Mycroft taking care of him had uncovered a longing within Sherlock, and, even far into his teenage years, if Mycroft was back home from college and Sherlock woke up soaked, he would go to his big brother, hemming and hawing at the doorway as he struggled to overcome his wounded pride.  A part of him said he was too old to need help with a wet bed, too old to want comfort, and so there was generally a half hour or so where he debated between simply cleaning himself up and waking up Mycroft.  But, in the end, Mycroft had never been a very deep sleeper, and when he inevitably woke up to find his brother at the doorway in soiled pajamas, Sherlock let him take over, unable to resist the idea of his brother caring for him.
He let the kid have the derogation and did not chastise when he saw the kid stuff his thumb into his mouth.  Had he been less exhausted by Sherlock’s moodiness, he would have pulled the car to the side of the road and pulled the kid over his knees.  But he was more than ready to be back in London and his flat, back to Greg and the stability of his own environment.  As long as Sherlock was relatively well-behaved for the car ride, the spanking could wait.
The boy seemed to have lost his ability to speak, but he nodded, fingers in his mouth, and stepped back to give John space to step into the room.
“Let’s go to bed,” he said, resting his chin on Mycroft’s shoulder.  “I’m sure Sherlock will be fine.”
John Watson was currently huddled beneath the blanket on his bed, trying not to suck his thumb.  His thoughts continuously wandered to the stuffed rabbit and baby blanket tucked away in the closet, beside the suitcase he still hadn’t unpacked from his weekend away.  He turned over and stuck his hands beneath the pillow.  He didn’t need to go little, couldn’t slip down in age despite the nagging voice in the back of his mind begging him to do just that.
Mycroft quirked an eyebrow, then, plush rabbit and colorful nightgown in hand, he set out to cheer up his little bunny princess.
Mycroft could see that Greg was not going to waver, that the man was too uncomfortable about the prospect of having to spank their little bunny to follow through on any punishment of the sort.  Mycroft only wished Greg could see that, more often than not, the boys acted out because they were struggling to accept or deal with various aspects of their headspaces.  Spankings settled them into a vulnerable place where they were more able to accept love and affection, exactly what Bunny needed at the moment.
“Greg and I have plenty of clothes for little Sherlock and for Bunny, but if you're going to insist on staying big, pack what you’ll need,” Mycroft said.  “We’re leaving in half an hour and, judging from your states, you both need to eat something before a long car ride.”
“Scrooge went back into his past with one ghost but now he’s in the present with another,” Sherlock explained absent-mindedly, sitting up from where he was leaning against Greg to make eye contact with Bunny before nodding back towards the telly and laughing at one of the character’s antics.  “This ghost is funnier than the last one,” he said.
John did not dare to leave his side, at least not until Mycroft and Greg had arrived.  He poured another cup of tea while he sat with the consulting detective and tried to quell his unsettled stomach and pounding head.  He watched the brilliant mind at work, and hoped he hadn’t made a mistake.  He'd provided Sherlock with the potential clues needed to recall what he knew from Mycroft's nervous state to be a painful, destructive memory; there was the possibility that Sherlock would be changed, that their ageplay world would be altered.  The pit in John's stomach grew, and he sat, body tense, willing Mycroft and Greg to arrive quickly.
He peed until he was empty, for once relaxing himself as he wet instead of tensing in an attempt to stop.  It felt good to pee himself right where he sat, to soil his nightshirt and his new ladybug undies and his Daddy’s rug.  The rug was a dark pattern, so the wetness blended in, but if he looked closely Bunny could see the spreading outline of the liquid pooling beneath him.
“You have certainly earned yourself a time-out, and I'm sure Uncle Greg will be glad to hear your apology,” Mycroft said, almost regretting what was coming next given the boy’s admirable insistence on giving into his usual punishment.  “But wandering away from Uncle Greg is a bit more serious.  You could have been hurt or lost.”
Mycroft cleared his throat and turned his attention back to John, placing aside the grim images of Eurus locked in her sparse cell at Sherringford.
Sherlock had had enough.  He yanked his body away from Papa’s touch, flailing to kick at Papa and reaching out to hit his arms away.
“Just a little bit, Papa,” Bunny said after a quick trickle of pee, standing to clumsily pull his underwear back up his legs once he’d finished.  “Do I still get a sticker?”
“Crybaby crying for his Daddy,” Sherlock teased, emphasizing the word Daddy as if it were something disgusting and shameful.
“I don’t want to put you out,” John said.  “I was frustrated before, overwhelmed, is all.  I’ll be fine to head back to Baker Street.”
Bunny blushed to the tips of his ears.  He’d been mistaken for one of Papa’s nieces, chastised for being out of bed after lights out.  He chewed on his bottom lip, not sure whether to call out and correct the mistake or to remain silent and do what he could to sneak back to the guest room.  The entire situation made him feel terribly small.
“Be a good boy and stay there,” he said.  “I’ll get some cream for that rash of yours.  It can’t be feeling very good after that spanking.”
“Okay,” John whispered.  He hesitated because his next ask was a big one, something he’d never done before with Greg, something he’d only recently started doing even with Mycroft.   But he needed it to help him make the final transition to little, needed it after days of little sleep and littler time for showering and changing clothes and getting rid of the grime of sweat.
Below is a quick chapter that finally gives the beginnings of resolution to the angst our boy Sherlock has been feeling!
Mycroft should get the boy dressed in something warmer than a lone pull-up, especially considering the fact that both he and Sherlock were working to overcome illness, but it was clear the boy needed attention and affection at the moment, and Mycroft could press the boy close to keep him warm.
John went about his day with one eye trained on Sherlock.  The consulting detective had not moved from his spot curled in his armchair since Mycroft had left.  He vacillated between bursts of activity whereby he typed furiously on his mobile and muttered to himself over what he felt to be idiotic suggestions from imbecilic simpletons and long stretches of time when he sat, still and silent, staring off into the distance.  John had let him be, not feeling it was his place to question Sherlock's actions unless they became injurious in some way; he wasn’t exactly an expert at coping mechanisms, himself, as Mycroft had so underhandedly pointed out that morning.
Either Sherlock would have done anything to escape the interrogation or perhaps the embarrassment had made him slip a bit further, because the consulting detective obeyed immediately when Mycroft told him to go to strip his bed of the wet sheets and bring him the bag Mycroft had left in the bedroom.
Mycroft nodded.  “That's right.  And Sherlock knows that, too.  Sherlock wants the humiliation.  He enjoys it and he needs it. We’ve talked about this before in relation to his thumb sucking.  I respond to Sherlock sucking his thumb differently than I do you, right?”
“I tried to hold it,” he mumbled, breaking down into sobs and keenly feeling the urge to suck his thumb or his pacifier.  “And then I spilled the juice because I didn’t wanna be in trouble and get an ‘x’ on my chart.”
“You two ruffians are gonna be the death of me,” he said, but he leaned over until Bunny was able to crawl onto his back.
He followed Greg to the far side of the bedroom, where Greg was pulling on dress trousers and an undershirt.  Mycroft had a point; after Sherlock’s moody struggle to age down the day before and John’s gender confusion and PTSD-induced nightmares, they were all on edge.  But Greg had been working on this particular case for months, and he was not about to let Dimmock screw it up simply because the man was suddenly on some sort of power trip.
“Later, Papa?” Sherlock asked, and the puppy-dog eyes he gave Greg were enough to get Greg to relent in his need for questioning.  Sherlock yawned.  “I’m warm now, and I can almost forget if I feel really little.”
Mycroft cared greatly for John’s happiness, had grown to love his little Bunny dearly, but he would not be able to forgive himself were Sherlock to suddenly recall the horrors of his first childhood, were Sherlock to no longer be able to ageplay without the stain of residual trauma.   And so Mycroft did not have the heart to tell Sherlock it was his sister napping upstairs and not his brother, did not have the heart to introduce something so charged when Sherlock was so content and adorably happy.
It was clear the man had noticed something off about John’s behavior, but John put his hands on his knees and willed himself to be as still as possible.  He fixed his eyes on the television and tried not to squirm.
The kid glared at him with a contempt Greg was far more accustomed to from an irritated Sherlock than from his usually mild-mannered Bunny.   He stomped in place but then grasped onto the edge of the cart, and Greg considered that a win.  As soon as they reached the checkout, however, John released the cart and stormed through the lane to throw himself down onto a bench near the exit of the store.  Greg knew he could not go after him without causing a scene, and he could keep an eye on the kid from where a woman was beginning to scan his items, so he vowed to get out of there as quickly as possible, where he would be better able to deal with Bunny.  He hoped anyone who’d seen John storming away from him simply thought they were having a little domestic dispute.  Thankfully, the checkout woman said nothing as she scanned the items and told Greg his total.
Sherlock, although sniffling and whimpering a bit, did not argue or complain; he simply allowed Greg to guide him into the bathtub and obeyed when Greg held a tissue to his nose and asked him to blow.
He was helped out of the tub and wrapped into an oversized towel--mermaids again and John’s favorite of the colorful towels, although he would never admit it to Sherlock.  Mycroft, once again, must have told Lestrade which one to choose from the clean laundry that had been brought up by Mrs. Hudson, who, bless her heart, never seemed to question the rather telling items which often wound up in the boys’ laundry hampers.
“Sweetheart,” Uncle Greg tried, but Bunny was glancing up across the table at Mycroft, who was trying to keep Sherlock from peeling off the band-aids that had been placed on his hand after he'd gotten big and angry and had punched the window two days before.
Greg knew that Mycroft had been able to see John’s change of state the moment he had appeared in the hallway, just as Greg had.  But Greg also knew just how much Mycroft worried about John’s state of mind while adult.  They had spoken about John’s seemingly constant feelings of guilt, his inability to express emotion, and his unwillingness to put himself before others.  Mycroft’s use of John’s little nickname had been an attempt to shift the man back down again, an attempt to settle him back into a headspace that allowed for comfort and Mycroft’s own peace of mind.
Mycroft knew he needed to speak with Sherlock about the newest development regarding Bunny.  He wanted to ensure that Bunny was supported and loved for the decisions she had made today, something he would be more likely to guarantee if he discussed this most recent development with his little brother.
John turned and cocked his head, suddenly taken aback.  Because it was not Mycroft staring at him from the other end of the living room; it was Sherlock.
“You’ve let them know you’re available,” Greg said before calling out to an officer to ask a question about a missing file.  “You can’t make them accept headspace if they’re not ready to.”
This chapter has some of my favorite things: bossy Sherlock, vulnerable John, wetting, and lots of angst.  I haven't forgotten about the ideas you've all given me (I think the most recent ones are John/Sherlock suffering from some type of ailment, John being put in time out, and Sherlock sinking younger in headspace than John--remind me if I've forgotten yours).  I'll do my best to find a way to add them in when I can!
It was as he climbed to his feet that he realized he’d wet himself, pull-up heavy and the seat of his pants wet from where it had leaked.  His face warmed.  He hadn’t even realized he’d needed to go.  Usually Mycroft reminded him.
“Not resentful, no,” Sherlock said at last.  And then, after a long enough time had passed that both men had finished their pints and John felt his boyfriend was done with the strain of conversation, Sherlock spoke again.
“Because I need you, Daddy,” John said around the thumb he’d slipped into his mouth.  And that would have to be good enough for now.
“You’re a military man with an inclination for violence and danger, a desperate desire to prove himself worthy at every turn, and a track record of dating emotionally distant men,” Sherlock said.  “Of course you have father issues.”
His Daddy guided him away from his chest in order to lay a hand on his forehead and then against his cheek.
Sherlock held the map out in front of him, telling him he could escape if he could accurately decipher the escape route on the map.  Bunny did want to be a big boy like Sherlock, wanted to follow the right rules so Sherlock would stop criticizing him for getting things wrong.  But Sherlock’s rules were too much to keep track of, and Bunny couldn't read Sherlock’s handwriting on the map or understand the key Sherlock had added in the corner.
Greg set down his phone with a sigh and glared at the red light.  Maybe he should have followed his first career instinct, after all; he certainly felt as if he were spending his day putting out one fire after another.
Sherlock’s half-lidded eyes slid open when he caught sight of the new shark pajamas Mycroft had placed beside him on the mattress, and he reached to pull them on with a grin.  He pulled out his pacifier, dropping it onto the bed beside him.
“Goodnight Sherlock,” both Mycroft and Greg said at once.  Then, as if both sharing the same thought: “Goodnight Bunny.”
He quickly stepped into the cartoon underwear and yanked up his pajama pants.  He strung his arms through his flannel dressing gown--it was patterned green and Sherlock had teased John that that was a Slytherin color, but John liked the warmth and comfort of it too much to give it up.  When John emerged from the bathroom, he felt an immense relief to find Greg waiting for him with the Chinese food unpacked and the table set.
It was Sherlock who giggled first, snorting in amusement.  Bunny was nervous, scared Sherlock was making fun, but Sherlock’s eyes were warm, and when he realized the man was simply entertained by the ridiculousness of the situation and Bunny’s classification of the soaked bed as a ‘little accident,’ he found that he couldn’t help but catch onto Sherlock’s silliness.  Releasing the breath he had been holding, John giggled with Sherlock.
“Listen to me, kiddo,” Greg said, walking back into the room and setting Bunny down on the end of the bed so that he could sit beside him and ensure he knew Greg was serious about his choice of words.  “It’s important that you pay attention to how you’re feeling.  Are you feeling like Papa and Daddy’s little girl, right now?”
Sherlock pushed himself up on his elbows.  He ran the sheets between his fingers and clutched Dimitri the dinosaur close beneath one arm.
John sighed as he tugged a t-shirt over his head, then, once fully dressed, crossed the room to close the bedroom door.
Oh my goodness, loves--I'm so sorry it's been such a long time since I've updated.  I've had quite a busy few weeks (moving, finishing up one contract job and starting another), and I've only had scattered amounts of short bursts of time to work on this chapter (I even wrote a bit of this chapter the subway yesterday, which I almost never do!).
“There’s my brave girl,” Greg said with a grin, so enthusiastic that Bunny could not help but give a small smile back.
“I...this is a bit too much,” John admitted, but Mycroft had seen a hint of interest in the man’s eye when he mentioned pacifiers.  John yawned and rubbed at his eyes--he was slipping, despite the alcohol.  “Can we finish talking tomorrow?”
After the night Greg babysat, John had been the one, following Mycroft's insistence that he needed to come to terms with this part of himself, to explain to Greg what he got from wetting himself, how he felt and how he wanted to continue the practice.  Greg had assured John, just as Mycroft had, that it was all fine.  But, if they were honest with themselves, both Mycroft and Greg were still attempting to decipher exactly what it meant that John wanted to explore wetting, exactly where the man's head was at, and exactly how they could best help John and meet his needs.  John’s accident in his pull-up that afternoon would not help matters; it had simply left Mycroft, and, he assumed, John, with more questions than before.
“Now if only we had a plan for Sherlock’s dark days,” Greg sighed, clearly thinking of the melancholy that sometimes plagued the consulting detective, the dark thoughts which had led to the day’s self-harm.
You're all such lovely humans--thanks as always for your love.  I promise to respond to all of your comments on the last chapter tomorrow morning after catching up on some sleep!
He was aged up again in just a moment, angry by the time he burst into the flat that plans had been made behind his back.  He shoved open the door and refused to acknowledge the voice in the back of his mind explaining that the plans had been set in place for his own good, that Mycroft usually knew best.
This chapter is broken into two parts: part one deals with the after effects of Sherlock's little stunt at the pub (it's John's turn when they get back to Baker street); part two shows John finally giving into (or, in reality, being a bit forced into) headspace and slipping down into his little Bunny self at long last.
Bunny must have nodded, because Mycroft called him a good boy and then Bunny gasped and ran back upstairs.  His pattering footsteps returned only a moment later, and Sherlock heard voices once more.
He stood and transferred Sherlock from his arms to Greg’s.  Luckily, the boy only stirred slightly to settle himself in Greg’s lap, and was quickly sleeping soundly once more.  Greg leaned back and rested his head on the back of the chair, closing his own eyes.  Mycroft kissed Sherlock on the forehead, then, seeing that Greg was nearly as drained by the morning’s events as Mycroft was of his own, he planted a kiss to Greg’s forehead as well.
“I’ll be right back, peanut,” Greg said, hoisting himself from where he had been kneeling on the bathmat before gathering Sherlock’s soiled clothing as well as Dimitri the dinosaur from the tile floor.  “Wash up and we’ll get you back to bed, okay?”
If you'd rather not read anything sexual/see Sherlock and John exploring their adult relationship, please skip down to after the dashes and just read part two.
Mycroft could see when Sherlock’s uncertainty shifted into determination.  His body became still, and he shook his head.
He knocked lightly on the boy’s closed bedroom door, hearing the boy’s sobbing and wanting to give him a bit of time to get himself together.
That said, the prospect of continuing the Christmas celebrations into the night hadn’t exactly been on the top of Mycroft’s to-do list.  In the moments he wasn’t comforting or worrying about Sherlock, he’d spent the drive back to London preparing himself for the Christmas baking and cutesy-movie-watching and present opening Greg had planned.  The man meant well, but he’d already placed enough twinkling decorations around the flat that Mycroft had begun to feel as if he were drowning in excess.
John realized he had been staring after them only once he found himself alone.  There was an intimacy between the two of them, a short-hand which spoke to the many years they had been serving these same roles.  But it was intimidating, the ease with which Mycroft cared for his brother; god knows John had been trying in his own way to care for Sherlock since they had moved in together.  He had never been as successful as Mycroft was now.
The fight had gone out of John--Sherlock was surprised he had kept it up for so long while in headspace, which he used as an escape from his anger issues--and he became teary as he let himself be led to the corner in the kitchen they had dubbed the time-out spot.  His body was limp and boneless; he had given in to being manipulated solely by Mycroft, who eventually got him into place in the corner.  As soon as John was in time-out, he sunk to the ground, put his face in his hands, and cried.
Bunny whined in the back of his throat and shook his head as he attempted to squirm away.  He didn’t want to have a chat or to stand half-naked in the cold bathroom.  He wanted to get dressed and be put back to bed, and he wanted the memories of last night’s nightmare to stop encroaching on his thoughts so that he could get some sleep.
They all glanced to Sherlock, who gave an almost imperceptible nod which John took to mean that he was okay with the idea.
Sherlock's prattling had begun to make his hungover brain spin, but this final statement was a welcomed one, and Sherlock’s assurance that he was not discontent or frustrated by any female identification settled John.  He felt calmer knowing that Sherlock accepted him.
“Another?” the bartender asked after some time, when she came to clear John’s barely-eaten plate of food.  He’d had three already, but he nodded.
“I wanted to be littler, but my mind said I shouldn’t be a baby,” Sherlock said, shy once more as he leaned against Mycroft for support and comfort but able to find his words a bit more easily now that the man was beside him, closer to forgiving him.  “My mind said it wasn’t fair you got to wear your mermaid shirt and pink pull-ups and Papa and Mycroft were gonna buy you what you wanted at the store but they weren’t gonna buy me what I wanted because I couldn’t even tell them what I wanted.  Then I felt like making you sad because I was sad, and I was angry and that’s why I teared apart your dollies.  But it was wrong and I’m so, so sorry, Bunny.”
Mycroft stood from the kitchen table.  He had half a mind to pull Sherlock over his lap and spank him right there on his bare behind for the snark he was showing, and he opened his mouth to tell his brother as much.  But it was Greg who spoke up first.
Bunny shrugged, but Greg could sense him calming.  He allowed the boy to take what comfort he needed, holding him as close as was possible in the space of the car.
The moment John relented, however, the moment Mycroft could see the man ready to show his desires, he felt a profound closeness to the man, a falling away of the barriers that had been built up between them.
“Your brother doesn’t have accidents at night, ‘Lock,” Mycroft said.  “Every little boy is different.”
Bunny whined a bit and leaned forward to hide his face in Greg’s chest.  Greg placed a hand on the back of the boy’s head to comfort him.
By the time Greg closed the door, Mycroft had opened the door on the other side of the car and was climbing into the seat Bunny had vacated a few moments prior.  He said nothing.  Sherlock realized he was hoping Sherlock would say something first because he more than likely assumed that might minimize Sherlock’s outbursts.  But Sherlock was frustrated with Mycroft most of all.  It was Mycroft who had organized the trip, Mycroft who had woken them up far too early that morning.  He was not going to make it easy for big brother.
There was a serenity to the house after the turmoil of the morning, and although Bunny was still feeling a bit groggy from the head cold, her mind was clearer and her frustration had passed.  She could not help but smile as she drifted off to sleep, feeling for the first time since coming to stay at Daddy’s flat that she was fully herself.
“I’m sorry, Papa,” Sherlock said, and Papa Greg nodded knowingly, then winked to show him all was forgiven.
“Alright, time for all good pirates and dinosaurs and princesses and Gryffindors to get into jammies and get nice and comfy for movie night,” Mycroft called into the living room from his place in the kitchen even as he kept eye contact with Greg.  “Last one upstairs is a rotten egg!”
As soon as Bunny smiled and blushed, Sherlock knew he’d said the right thing.  He reached out and took Bunny’s hand, pulling him close until he was lying beside him once again.  He lay his head on Bunny’s shoulder, and let his hand grab onto a fistful of Bunny’s nightshirt.
He was unsure how much longer he could wait out the rising panic, unsure if he could remain stoic and strong among the lingering images of death and chaos.  He had been huddled alone with his worst thoughts for hours, and it suddenly became too much all at once.  John could not breathe.  Rationally, he knew he had worked himself inadvertently into a panic attack, but practically, he felt that he was about to die.
Sherlock at long last ceased his tickling, had simply began stroking his fingers along John’s bare stomach in a sort of encouragement.
“I’m sorry, My,” Sherlock sniffled, and Mycroft pat his bum and let him up off his lap.  He brushed the hair from Sherlock’s eyes as the now-slightly-younger boy pulled up his pull-up and re situated his pants into place.
Mycroft waited.  Sherlock, testing the boundaries, opened the sliding glass door a fraction of an inch, then glanced back towards Mycroft, who said nothing but raised an eyebrow.  Sherlock let his arms fall away from the door handle and down to his sides as he whined in the back of his throat and dragged his feet towards Mycroft, ever reluctant.
Greg had assumed Sherlock would immediately slip down into his youngest headspace after his time-out and the tears of the morning, but it seemed the boy was currently at his usual age of five or six--younger than he had started the morning but still not as young as he had been the day previous.  Greg would need to check with Mycroft regarding what was best to do in the current situation, whether they should encourage the boy to slip younger--as he had expressed wanting earlier that day--or whether they should simply let him be.
“You don’t think he’s still struggling?” Greg asked, trying to understand Mycroft's comment. “Forcing himself to stay older?”
Mycroft was taken aback by his brother’s physicality, but when he glanced back in anger he was met with tears in the kid’s eyes.
“Of course not,” Mycroft assured, helping Sherlock off with his shirt.  “You’ve been a good boy today all things considered.  I’m proud of you.”
Sherlock squirmed a bit under the intensity of John’s focus, but he made eye contact before nodding.
Mycroft followed close behind, and, for once, the stress of London and governmental responsibilities and the constant worry about his brother’s welfare seemed far from his mind.
Sherlock wiped at his eyes with the palms of his hands and then hid his face once more against Mycroft’s dress shirt.  He may be small, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t ashamed of the worries circling, worries he’d been struggling against all day.
John cleared his throat and shook his head.  He was a grown man.  He didn’t need to be catered to, didn't need the type of coddling he'd allowed himself to accept from Mycroft after the nightmares last night.
And then John was stringing his arms through the Little Mermaid nightshirt, and any chance of staying adult dissipated.  He could not help but stare at the cartoon images on the front, tracing the lines made by each figure.  The feeling the nightgown gave him was a contented happiness he’d rarely felt before, one reminiscent of the quiet times Mycroft cuddled him in his arms, one that cast him down deep into the calm of headspace.  He found himself bouncing on his toes, young and innocent and, more than anything, happy.
Sherlock took two large bites and nodded.  “Yeah-huh.  And probably lots of dead fish because lakes are prone to bacterial disease.”
So, he stood behind the kitchen table and spread his legs.  He let his bladder go completely, feeling himself peeing again after a moment.  The urine warmed the cooling fabric and liquid pulsed through the soaked material until he felt it trickling down his leg.  John reached down and felt the warmth of his accident as he released.  He rubbed the wet material of his pajamas as he finished.
Bunny could sense that Sherlock was all the way on the other side of the kitchen in the living room, and that he was distracted by his toys, so he was not afraid to tell Papa all about the images he had in his mind: a new princess plate and sippy cup, glittery stickers shaped like stars and rainbows and hearts, another set of paper dolls to add to the ones Papa had bought him the day before, more pink pull-ups, and a nightshirt with a unicorn, if they could find one.
Sherlock woke with a groan, casting an arm over his eyes to shield himself from the light streaming through John’s bedroom window.  He prefered when they slept in his bed downstairs.  His curtains were heavier, and the morning light never seemed quite so harsh from the other side of the flat.
“Tell me what you’d like to buy at the store,” Papa said in his most encouraging voice as he handed Bunny a dishtowel and plunged his hands into the soapy water in the sink.
“No, honey,” he said.  “You don’t need to be big.  But there may be people in the store who aren’t used to anyone who is different than them, and sometimes that can make them act rude when they see something they don’t understand.”
Greg sighed as he tucked the sheets and blankets up beneath Sherlock’s chin.  He knew if they attempted to undress the boy and get him into a pull-up they’d have an awake, grumpy kid on their hands that would likely take far longer than they would like to get back to sleep.  Greg was ready to settle into bed with Mycroft knowing their kids were lost in dreams; he wasn’t sure he was up for more drama that night.
“Sorry,” he mumbled, suddenly awkward.  He slid from Mycroft’s lap and dragged himself closer to the head of the bed, careful to avoid the dark wet patch of the sheets.  “Didn’t mean to wake you.”
John had woken up big, stripped himself of the dry pull-up, and taken a shower while Greg packed up their things.  The kid was quiet and brooding all morning, and Greg could tell as they sat around watching the girls open their Christmas morning presents that Bunny was not far away.  A drop into headspace was inevitable--the embarrassment John clearly felt over showing his smaller side the night before would only speed up the process, so Greg had the boy out of his brother’s house as soon as possible without seeming rude, wanting to save what was left of the man’s dignity.
John continued: “But each time I decided to hold it, I fell deeper into headspace.  And there was a bit of a, a thrill, I guess, to knowing I was holding it when I should be asking for the bathroom, to just wait to see if someone adult would notice.  I felt so young and helpless.  And when I felt myself going in my pants, there was shock and the fear but there was also relief and...oh god...warmth.  I felt the furthest from my adult self I think I ever have.”
“Okay, don’t worry, ladybug,” he said, squeezing Bunny’s shoulders and smiling down at him for reassurance.  “We’ll get you all cleaned up.  Just an accident, love.”
“Pants down,” Mycroft said, and Sherlock argued for a moment but then acquiesced.  He knew Mycroft was only trying to help, only trying to embarrass and belittle Sherlock because he knew it would give him an impetus for slipping down in headspace.  It was the same reason Mycroft reached beneath to check the state of Sherlock’s pull-up before he yanked it down past his brother’s hips, leaving him bare-bottomed.
“I’m...I’m alright,” he tried again, having second thoughts now that he was facing the prospect of being put down for a nap.  “It’s really not--”
“I’ll do it,” Mycroft said.  Truth be told, the boys already looked at him as the disciplinarian, and, as long as John received a spanking, Mycroft didn’t think it quite mattered whether it came from himself or from Greg.
Bunny cried into his knees.  He cried at the thought of being alone and because his skin was prickly with the desire to be a little girl, and he cried because his underwear were wet and cold and itchy with pee, which made him aware of his private parts, which felt all wrong at the moment.  He cried because he hadn’t brought his pacifier with him and because his throat hurt, and he cried because he wanted his Papa and was scared of what would happen when Daddy found him.
Papa paused, glancing to the wet spot on the carpet and then back to Sherlock.  With a sigh, he pulled the boy to his chest in a hug, clearly relieved that he had not walked into a situation matching his fears.
Greg sighed.  He hated seeing either one of his boys distressed, particularly when he was required to take away something that brought them comfort.
He nodded, then drank deeply to offset the guilt pricking the edges of his mind.  It was only the second time in the presence of John and Greg that Sherlock had allowed himself to drop as young as he'd been that day.  The detective had obviously been signalling his need for attention, and John had ignored Sherlock’s needs in favor of his own.  He hadn’t let his boyfriend have the care he desperately needed because his behavior had forced Mycroft and Greg to place John and his crisis of identity as their highest priority.
“Let’s try that one more time,” Daddy said, eyebrows raised, and Bunny’s fear that he would be kept in the timeout corner the entire day slowly dissipated.
It was only once the car was slowing down that he glanced up to see they had pulled off the main road and into the far corner of a mostly-empty parking lot.  Papa was turning off the car and getting out of the front seat to sit with Bunny in the back, gathering him into his lap and telling him it would be okay.
Here's my current plan to address the fact that this story jumped the shark: I'm going to split these current 18 chapters into 2 stories, leaving Chapters 1-6 under the title "A Little Training" in order to potentially (no promises yet, but I'll see if inspiration strikes) continue to just write a cute fluff story, and moving Chapters 7 (which will likely be revised) and on under a new title that covers the more dramatic events of those chapters.  So FYI that in the future you'll likely see that change happen if you have the Little Brothers Mine series bookmarked.  If you like the story as-is, download it or something before the changes are made. It may take me a bit of time to get Chapters 7-18 edited to stand on their own, so I'll try to leave this story as-is until I can switch them over.
“Are there monsters in the lake?” John asked once he had been settled back into bed beneath the sheets and his baby blanket.  It was warm, an early summer evening, but Mycroft had told Uncle Greg earlier that a thunderstorm was on its way.
!  I promise I haven't forgotten about the one-shot, which I will do my best to post by tomorrow night.
“That said,” Mycroft continued, stepping closer towards Sherlock as he shifted back into a tone of no-nonsense sternness.  “You know self-harm of any kind is an unacceptable response to distress, and something about which we need to have a conversation.”
“Talk about a kid who could do with some age regression,” Mycroft said, returning to the cutting board.
Greg yanked a light blue shirt and grey tie from their hangers, for once grateful for Mycroft’s insistence that items be dry cleaned and pressed before being placed in his closet.
By the time Mycroft was finished running water to rinse Bunny’s hair free of shampoo, Sherlock had taken a few steps farther into the bathroom.
Mycroft looked a bit skeptical, but he nodded and reached a hand around the back of Greg’s neck as he pulled him in for another kiss.
“Hands all washed?” Greg was asking Sherlock when Mycroft entered the kitchen and placed John in a chair that Greg pulled away from the table.
Four days ago, John wetting himself would not have been a particularly significant event.  Hell, he’d even told Mycroft and Greg that he liked it, that he wanted it to become an even more significant part of their ageplay.  But in the light of day, dealing with the everyday stress of adulthood, he could not help but criticize his own desires as somehow perverse, even ridiculous.  A part of him could not help but think he’d brought this current predicament on himself.
“I’m not a baby, Papa,” Bunny said, insistent yet still in good spirits.  “I’m a big girl and Sherlock better like me or I’ll tell Daddy that Sherlock stole biscuits in the middle of the night last week.”
The man across from him glanced up with a bit of irritation, not enjoying the fact that John had halted him just as he was beginning to trace the origins of Scotch.
Mycroft and John had discussed at length what to do about Sherlock’s nearly constant state of wet pants.  “He’s always had trouble keeping his pants dry,” Mycroft had said when they first talked.  “It was worse when he was a child, but that’s something that never quite changed throughout his life.  He’s humiliated by it, ashamed, even, and while I dislike that he feels that way, I believe he is fully aware that the humiliation keeps him young.  It distracts his mind from questioning and often settles him deeper into headspace.”
“I don’t have to go bad,” Sherlock amended.  He caught himself before claiming to be a big boy; he didn’t think he was young enough yet to need to emphasize his big boy status.
Mycroft stood in front of Bunny with his hand extended, waiting for the boy to pass over the remote.  He was not about to wrestle the boy for the object, so he simply stood until the kid had tired himself out with his arguing and shouting.
“Wait a minute,” Papa called as he stood and crossed to the fridge.  Sherlock paused in his rush from the room.  “Take this with you,” he said, holding out a juicebox and then a granola bar.
John blinked up at Mycroft, concerned.  He’d always shared a room with Sherlock when he was little, because he’d always aged down only when he knew Sherlock would be young as well.  It felt different and scary to have to sleep alone, and he shook his head to tell Mycroft as much.
He searched in the medicine cabinet for some cough medicine and then carried the boy back to his room and lay him in bed.  Sherlock immediately snuggled up to his plush animals and put his thumb in his mouth, bringing his legs up to his chest, making himself as small as possible.
Sherlock was not crying and he was not fussing, but Mycroft could tell the boy’s countenance was low; his eyes were downcast and he was absently picking at the wet fabric against his inner thigh, preoccupied with his accident.
He could tell by the damp patch on the boy’s pants that they did not have much time, and he helped the boy re-situate himself atop the folded blanket.  He toyed with the idea of having the boy take off his pants to spare them as well, but they were already wet, and if the boy was indeed looking to wet himself as some sort of comfort regimen, past experiences made it likely that wetting his clothes was a part of that plan.
He could not help it when his cheeks pinked.  He was peeing in his pants on purpose, and it was spreading quickly, all around where he sat on his Daddy’s expensive rug.  He knew his Little Mermaid nightshirt has not escaped the accident, that the fabric was sure to have been soaked by the stream of pee trickling down towards his bum.
But the wind was howling outside his window, and the rain was starting to fall, and Sherlock didn't feel very big at the moment.
“Lock, I understand that you feel the need to be young right now” Mycroft said, eyes down as he carefully stripped the next band aid of its paper backing.  “And it’s okay that you take some time.”
Greg stepped close to the boy, reaching to place a hand on either side of his face as he smiled down at him.  Greg was far more used to the boys insisting they wouldn’t need to be small than he was to them proactively and maturely preparing for the possibility of aging down.  It was the first sign that John was finally--
Keep sending your ideas!  And thanks a million for your comments/kudos!  I appreciate you all so much, even those anonymous lurkers (I know you're out there--I used to be you!).
John woke with a start, mid-fall of the sofa.  He caught himself but the force sent a jolt of pain up his left arm.  Moriarty’s voice was still ringing in his ears.  He closed his eyes.
It took a moment for John to realise Sherlock was giggling slightly.  He shifted his arms to look down at him, tilting his head.  Sherlock looked up at him, still laughing.  “I only meant to tell you I liked you.  This was something of a surprise.”
“Papa?” Bunny asked, causing Greg to catch his eye in the rear-view once more.  "Am I in trouble when we get home?"
“But what if they were just being nice?” he asked, social anxieties and insecurities clearly at the forefront of his mind.  “What if they never look at me the same?”
He recalled the incident with Eurus and Victor Trevor as infrequently as possible.  However, when he did call the details to mind, they came clear and strong, as if no time had passed at all.  His parents had been concerned about Victor’s disappearance, of course; every family in the vicinity had done their fair share of worrying and keeping their kids closer in the days after learning the Trevors were missing their son.  They had been frantic over the thought that Eurus may actually know where Victor had gone off to, begging her to explain and begging Mycroft to talk sense into her if he could.
“I’ll take care of that, Greg,” John said, bashful in his embarrassment.  It was rare that John had to deal with any aspect of wetting while adult; he found himself feeling exceedingly vulnerable as he watched another man wipe up his pee.
It was no secret that Bunny showed an affinity for stereotypically feminine items while in headspace.  Greg found it adorable, although Mycroft worried that it suggested John still felt uncomfortable ageplaying, and thus felt less guilt when he could separate his adult side from his little side as fully as possible.  Because of this, Mycroft was a bit conflicted about encouraging the behavior in John, wanting to instead work on getting John to accept his little self without having to rely so heavily on the more-feminine Bunny alter-ego.  Greg did not share any of his boyfriend’s qualms.  Even if John was attempting to calm his own guilt by cultivating Bunny instead of a little version of Dr. Watson, he would rather the man be happy in littlespace than challenged and overwrought with worry.  Who was to say butterflies and bunnies were more girly than boyish, anyway?  As far as Greg was concerned, the distinctions were meaningless.  John already overthought far too much; if he was youngest and happiest wearing a girl’s nightgown, Greg would happily buy him a girl’s nightgown.
The challenges were not over, and Sherlock certainly would not learn to think before he spoke or to more cognizantly trace chains of events before they led to frustrated outbursts in the course of one conversation, but John was convinced there had been some progress made.  If nothing else, he was relieved his female self was no longer stifled beneath layers of uncertainty and fear, relieved he felt free to act upon his feelings and personalities.
Sherlock had shrugged, but Mycroft’s words had in fact calmed him.  He’d been younger around Mycroft in the past--hell, he’d been just about every age around Mycroft--but never before when he was around Bunny or Uncle Greg.  He had been a bit worried they’d think of him differently if he let himself slip.  His mind was struggling to stay in his big kid mindset out of fear that they would judge him.  But Mycroft had been smiling at him as if everything would be okay, and for once Sherlock felt that, just maybe, he didn’t have to fight so hard.
Mycroft lifted the man into his arms, an action Sherlock was always jealous of and which prompted another taunt of “baby, baby, baby,” from the older boy.
When Bunny stilled and stared up at him, Greg worried he’d gone too far.  He’d wanted to encourage John, to show him it was all okay, that he could be Mycroft and Greg’s little princess if that was what he wanted, but it may have been too much too soon.  John had almost broken down over a girl’s nightgown; it was foolish of Greg to think he was ready for that feminine of an endearment.
“What do you say, Uncle Greg?” Mycroft asked, smiling.  “Do you think our boy has been punished enough?”
“You take Bunny back to mine and I’ll see what I can do to get Sherlock there before morning,” he said, passing over his keys.  “I have a sense he’s still feeling a bit jealous of Bunny after the weekend at the lake house.  I need him to know I’m not going anywhere.”
Greg ignored John’s protests, beginning to pull out of the gas station.  If the kid was upset about even having the suitcase close-by, he must really be fighting against headspace.
“Need dinosaur bandaids,” Sherlock said as soon as Mycroft was in earshot.  His voice was a high-pitched whine, reserved for Sherlock’s neediest moods and prompted by his inability to process the feelings which emerged as he found himself alone in Mycroft’s presence.
This chapter contains lots of exposition/explanation in order to set the scene/provide background info.  Chapter 3 is not written yet (although later chapters are), but it will see more little Sherlock and caretakers Mycroft and John.  Little John will show up a few chapters later! I really just want to get to little John (many of the little John chapters are already written), but let's establish little Sherlock a bit for the sake of plot, shall we?
It was also unlikely Sherlock had any known drug den contacts this far out of London, but Greg had learned not to put anything past Sherlock.  He was exceedingly grateful for the no technology rule over the weekend; he had no doubt that Sherlock, had he been given access to his mobile, would have found what he was looking for in mere moments.
Greg could not help but be taken aback.  He paused, watching as she continued moving around the kitchen as if it were a normal occurrence to send a grown man to nap.
“Goodnight, lovebug,” Mycroft said as he shifted higher up the bed and began running his hand along John’s back.  “You're a good boy.”
“Well, our boys are all grown up, now, brother mine,” Mycroft drawled, eyebrow raised in cheekiness.  “Although the stories we tell about their antics do get some strange looks from the ladies at the bridge club.”
“How soon we forget who cleaned urine off of the car seat this afternoon,” Greg said, and Mycroft, sighing yet smirking, conceded.
“He’ll be aged up by tomorrow, I assume,” Mycroft said.  “Seems to be vacillating between selves at the moment.”
Bunny glanced at the floor, pulling at the hem of his shirt to cover the fact that he was standing half-naked after his little accident.
“Yeah,” he agreed in little more than a whisper as he ducked his head to wipe his teary eyes on his shoulder.
Mycroft waited in silence.  John may have been unsure of Mycroft’s feelings towards him, but he knew to come to him with any big emotions or questions in order to keep ageplay safe and enjoyable for everyone involved.  He simply waited until John was ready to speak.
Greg nodded and kissed Mycroft on the cheek as Mycroft crossed the living room with a plate of food for Bunny.  He could see Mycroft’s worry in the half-distracted way he continued to watch Sherlock even while he kissed Bunny on the forehead to say good morning.  Greg could see that Mycroft was only half-listening to Bunny as he explained about the owie on his tongue and how he was going to be a big boy and get paci back at bedtime and how Uncle Greg had called him silly Daddy.
But as Mycroft tested the temperature of the bath water and listened to his youngest sniffle and hiccup through lingering tears, he could not help but shake his head at their hubris.  They hadn’t been diligent enough that afternoon, and now they had a weepy Bunny on their hands and a trouble-making Sherlock certainly in need of a spanking for the way he had behaved towards his little brother.  Any prospect of an easy afternoon after the trouble of the morning had long since disappeared.
“Get outta here ‘fore I call the coppers,” yelled the Irish man whom John vaguely recognized as the owner of the pub.
Bunny whined in the back of his throat.  Mycroft wanted to force the boy to sit up and speak to him properly, but he knew they were treading on thin ice at the moment, and he needed to move with care.
He knew Greg was repeating the question because he’d yet to receive a truthful answer, but Mycroft still wasn’t ready to admit just how on edge he’d been feeling since spending time away from London for the holidays, and he wasn’t about to crush Greg’s cheery excitement by explaining that he was not exactly up for an onslaught of additional holiday activities.  The man was donning a Santa hat and pajamas that matched the boys, for goodness’ sake.  If Mycroft was anything, he was a man who was skilled at ignoring emotion, so he simply forced a smile and nodded, turning back to the movie, which he had to admit, was more well-done than he’d anticipated.  For a children’s movie, the film was particularly true to Dickens’s original.
He was crying harder now, blubbering almost to the point of not being unable to breathe, and a second later he could feel his pants getting wet as he peed in his bed, urine streaming to puddle beneath him despite his shocked, grasping attempts to stem the flow.  It was warm against his skin, and he was knew the creature could tell what was happening, was smirking at how pathetic and babyish Bunny was being by wetting in his big boy pants and his bed.
“I, ah--I’ll just…” John stumbled over his words as he stood from the chair, cheeks tinged pink.  “Sorry.  I’ll leave.”
“Is your tummy bothering you, kiddo?” Papa asked, sitting at the head of the table after placing a sippy cups of orange juice in front Bunny and a half-filled baby bottle of orange juice in front of Sherlock.  And since when did Sherlock drink from a bottle?  “You’ve barely eaten a bite.”
John hesitated for only a moment before he nodded and reached forward to take it in his mouth.  It had an instant calming effect, and he finally felt like he would be able to stop crying.  Greg continued to rub his back and rock him back and forth.  They settled into John’s armchair and John grounded himself by holding onto the fabric as he sucked hard on his pacifier and pulled his new blanket tighter around his shoulders.  The contact from Greg’s arms around his torso, and the strong bulk John could feel as he lay against him, settled him further.
, he was trying to see where he fit into this new world.  The worry was what if he didn’t fit at all?
“Not yet.  The kids you brought in only mentioned they’d heard it from some friends who heard it from their friends who had a cousin who’s best friend dog bumped into someone...” Greg trailed off, gesturing with his hands that the list went on for several hours and still no root had been found.  One disadvantage with the afterlife was that the sheer size of the place meant things started to spiral quickly.  If they didn’t control it now, it was unlikely they would ever reign in the chaos completely.
“I’ve known John longer than you have and he wouldn’t just disappear unless something was wrong.  So what did you do?”
“Well this is an ongoing investigation.  What’s to stop me ringing the Guards now and having you hauled away for obstruction of justice?”
much, although most of his stories did revolve around him.  John was the most interesting thing in his life and you were supposed to talk about things that interested you, right?  “Anyway my besotted friend, I am going this way so I will see you later,” Victor said, turning to go left.
Sherlock stood and stared for a few moments at the scene before him.  John knew that he must look slightly mad, his clothes askew and his hair plastered to his face.
that med student (who happened to have a penchant for procrastination and doodling) was sat on a bench in first year sketching aimlessly, and the consulting detective (who happened to like to draw complicated, anatomically correct insects and vital organs) happened to walk by and accidently deduce said med student, and if the med student said something along the lines of “That was brilliant” rather than “fuck off”, then a friendship has been known to occur.
“He thinks you might be mixed up in all this,” John carried on, conversationally, as if they were talking about the traffic or the weather.
He didn’t know he felt like crying until the tears were already falling down his cheeks.  Which was stupid.  It was just a boy after all.
“Why do you keep following me?  Because hopefully you can see how unnerving it is to follow someone around and then ask them to move in with you.”
I just wanted to say thank you for everyone leaving a comment- they've really made my week! :D I wanted to get this chapter out for you all and have had a lot of fun writing it so I hope you enjoyed.
John glanced over to Sherlock to see if his, totally casual, “only if you want, definitely only a suggestion” idea had any standing.  Sherlock was smiling his ‘of course John’ smile.  Which meant one thing.  “You’ve already started doing this haven’t you?”
“It’s all well and good that we are declaring our undying love but you’re still going to have to brush your teeth before kissing me.”
He turned to look at the Fallen.  It was the first time since their argument that he’d looked Sherlock in the eye.  He seemed to be searching for something, his eyes scanning John’s features.  He looked almost...sad?  John frowned and in response so did Sherlock, until John realised that he was looking for a sign they were okay.  John smiled.  He was still a pissed, yes, but they were okay.  For now.  Sherlock smiled back and his shoulders released some of their tension.
.  Equally the idea of not stripping John down was also unacceptable and so he towed the back out onto the street and they made their way slowly back to 221B, hands clasped together for easy manoeuvring of pressing the other against lampposts, closed shop fronts, and the occasional bus shelter.  Before they could get charged with public indecency however, the front of Speedy’s came into view and they tumbled through the flat doors and up the stairs.  Sherlock had a need to push John up against the front door and rut against him, but he was certain that if they started that they’d never get upstairs and would scandalise Mrs Hudson (or even worse, would
It was the best damn report John had written for a long time.  His new boyfriend wasn’t too bad either.
“Then the car drives around, you can see the route to us, before it cuts out here.”  He stabbed the spot viciously.  “The taxi rank at the station.”
“Alright, I don’t actually know where I’m going so you’re going to have to help me here,” John told him.
It was about 6 weeks into his new project that it happened.  He was thinking about branching out, seeing if GCG was there at any other times of the week, and so was not fully concentrating as he walked into the café.  This was also slightly on purpose so he didn't look too desperate.  Today the barista had a small smirk on her face. This was new.  It was kind of scary actually.
The left-side door rattled.  He had a moment to decide if he should dive out of another door or hide behind a shelf.
John sighed.  “Well, actually I had to go out and buy milk because we ran out.  Then when I came back it was,” he gestured downstairs, “I think she set it all up though so that she could sneak in without me knowing and then you’d be mad at me for leaving rather than her for cleaning.”
It was this certainty that made him finally move from his hiding spot.  The dramatic reveal was worth it to see John’s double take and jaw drop, and he preened slightly under the attention, making sure his quick movements made his coat flair out behind him.  His smirk must have given away John’s obvious appreciation as he shook himself and grinned sheepishly in response.
“John, I speak from a place of friendship here when I say that if we had advancement in this case, I would leave you in a ditch in rural Romania without a guide or translator.”
Joh seemed to be supressing a smile. “You’re welcome. I’m John, by the way.  Are you new?  I haven’t seen you around before.”
Sherlock relaxed when Victor did, although he was aching to ask for more details on the case.  His mind was rebelling at the teaser, wanting facts, wanting
John desperately wanted to talk (well yell) at him, to understand what the hell was going on before Lestrade had his chance to yell and question and completely
When Sherlock emerged fully dressed from the bathroom in a steaming cloud, John realized he couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen the detective in anything less than three layers of clothing.
Sally and Anderson--and pretty much every other person in a twenty-foot radius--gave a little gape at the plural, but no one was saying anything.
John shook his head. The other man leaned back in his chair and regarded the Healer for a long moment.
They were silent together for a long moment, resting quietly. Then Sherlock’s left hand reached up to settle on John’s upper arm, which was curved around him protectively.
His brain was swimming in the imagined pheromones, conjuring a body pressed warmly against his own, ready to enter a days-long coupling, a lifelong partnership.
John supposed it was possible that Sherlock and his supposed Healer had disappeared into one of the many buildings to make use of the Floo, but how was he supposed to follow? Then again, he wasn't even sure he was
“My brother’s position within the government had him well-placed to find me an array of potential suitors, but I couldn’t be persuaded. I was determined not to be bound. So he went through some back channels to procure me a donor sample from a deceased serviceman.” The pause was pointed, and Sherlock narrowed his eyes, knowing that John would put the pieces together. He may not have possessed Sherlock’s massive intellect, but he was no imbecile.
He made his way to the Headmaster's office, kicking himself the whole way there for not already being awake. The halls were strangely deserted for a morning in the middle of the week, but John guessed he was being summoned for his tardiness to the infirmary, which would mean it was likely the middle of the first block of classes.
Before he'd opened it, the door of the other booth opened and closed, and his stranger was disappearing down the hall without even bothering to wank himself. Or maybe he had and John hadn't been paying enough attention.
“Bruises fade, John. And even if one of us were an omega, there’s always the risk of moments of discomfort in heat.” Sherlock stepped closer, daring to breathe in the scent of John’s aroused curiosity. “You agreed that if I found a way for this to happen, you would move forward with this relationship. Perhaps you didn’t think my endeavor would be successful, or that I’d grow bored, but believe me when I say that I was determined to find a way to keep you here, John. You are vital to my work, and I doubt you could ignore the way my most basic biology reacts to your presence in these last few months.”
“John, I--” Sherlock started as he pushed himself up onto his elbows, ready to explain. John slid his hand up Sherlock’s chest to keep him from rising all the way, but he sat back himself, resting on his calves.
“You’re forgetting that you need to sleep. This is likely one of the last nights of quiet we’ll have for quite some time. I’d have thought you’d take advantage of it and get a full eight hours.”
Though perhaps it’s best to not mention that he didn’t pay attention to a minute of it. Instead, he settles for: “Three weeks before Christmas. He’s losing his edge.”
” John flashed a glint of gold on his primary hand. “We’ve had a very hard day, including nearly suffocating to death in our own sitting room and--”
John wasn’t willing to take that risk. He’d told Sherlock rather explicitly of everything that could go wrong.
Long fingers wrapped around the base to keep steady as Sherlock’s head bobbed slowly, taking more with each downward stroke until he let his hand slip down and away. It was only a few moments before Sherlock was bravely taking John to the root, pressing nose to navel.
“You’re thrilled, I suppose.” John joined him under the covers, getting close and waiting patiently for Sherlock to put the phone down on the nightstand. After a moment, the detective noticed and set it aside.
Sherlock shook his head and took a swig of the water, swishing it around in his mouth before spitting into the toilet. "I've been sensitive to strong odors recently. I think short-term blood exposure may lead me to another bout of sickness."
John supposed he should have thought it a possibility. He was a twin--though he didn’t think about it often, what with being so on the outs with Harry--and his father had also been a twin. It tended to go down family lines, but it generally skipped around. Three generations of twins were... odd.
John looked down at his wrist, realizing he hadn’t even looked at it in all the time he’d been at the hospital. He was going on 26 hours--and the time on his wrist was counting down from 48 seconds.
It went without saying--Sherlock was certain John could smell the peaks and valleys of the heat as they came and went. But they’d been having a nice nap, and this new round snuck up on him, rousing him from sleep with a persistent slickness coating his thighs.
He took a deep breath and pulled his hips from the wall, watching as his softening cock reappeared in his own booth. He wondered if is hip bones would be bruised in the morning from his vicious pounding into the wall. His body was exhausted from the unexpected exertion and he pulled up his pants and jeans in a drowsy haze, completely ready to go home and go to bed, to put it all behind him and pretend it hadn't happened and that it hadn't been the hottest blow job he'd ever had in his fucking
“Give me one second, one second and I promise I’ll give you what you need. Just--just let me--” John was wriggling away from Sherlock, which was simply unacceptable, reaching to the other side of the bed and digging under the pillow. His body was stretched out on top of Sherlock, apparently not going anywhere. All that skin for the taking, so Sherlock did. He nipped at John’s left shoulder, just above the scar, and let his tongue trace around the starburst of silver-pink skin.
He didn't know when he'd fallen asleep, just that when he opened his eyes in the dream, all he could see was black.
"Earlier today, you didn't notice that you reached for your wand when I turned on you. Instinct, left over from a time when you'd had to defend yourself around every corner. The Carrow reign, then. You aren't a natural soldier, but you will fight when threatened, the same way the rest of your House would. Your wand pocket is sewn into the right side of your robes, indicating that your dominant arm is the left, however, the fact that you caught that bat wing with your right tells me that you needed to learn to use it, and still do on occasion. Why would you need to use a different dominant hand? Injury. Traumatic injury at a young age, and I'll bet you spent your last years at Hogwarts on the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, where you played with your right arm."
They were laying in bed together, neither of them able to sleep. Another pair of weeks gone by, another ultrasound that didn’t give them even a hint at the sexes of their babies. But it was still nice to see the two of them tucked snuggly up against each other, slowly running out of room.
"Sherlock, this is John Watson," the Headmaster said after a few more strange, silent moments. There was no loss of patience in his tone. John wasn't sure there had been patience to begin with. "He's going to be--"
Sherlock would be a nibbler, no question. That brought about a whole slew of mental images: standing in front of the mirror in the morning and trying to cover bruises on his neck, a knowing smirk while lips kissed purple fingerprints on his hips, the pleasant burn of teasing teeth on his nipples.
"How the bloody hell...?" John turned, stunned, to see the lanky professor laying across his couch, feet propped up against the end. His robes had fallen open and were strewn every which way, revealing his carefully pressed shirt and dark trousers.
Prior to the birth of their son, John and Sherlock had exchanged one gift on Christmas Eve. Their first Christmas together, they’d each chosen pyjamas for each other’s night-before-Christmas gift without actually meaning to. The next year, they agreed early in the holiday season to make it a tradition. Christmas-themed pyjamas--a great way to bring in the holiday.
Sherlock closed his eyes as if he hadn’t expected John to figure out what had happened. For a moment, thoughts flash in the back of his mind, making him wonder if he should have played dumb. But the pained look in the other man’s eyes when he opened them again--a deep and empty sort of hurt that show a sheer vulnerability--made John sure he had taken the right path.
Sherlock is very good at guessing simple passwords, the portrait to John's chambers is certainly not his house keeper, and Sally Donovan is Not a Fan.
Sorry for the delay this week. I was sick and then it was Easter, and holidays tend to mean I'm expected to socialize with my family.
One hand comes up to tug at his tie, loosening it with intent to remove, but I’m there in an instant.
“No one,” Sherlock said, fidgeting. “I’ve not--I’ve never--I couldn’t--” There was a level of frustration that Sherlock Holmes rarely reached, the one where he could tangle himself in the inability to formulate his lightning-paced articulations. He was reaching that point and John, who had only seen it happen once before, didn’t know how to react.
