John glanced over and back. “How the hell do you know that?”
“Oh, yes, I suppose I’ll try to eat.” He lifted a slice of toast and nibbled on the corner, despite his nerves protesting the maneuver.
A slow smile spread as Sherlock imagined dominating John in a silly board game. The chance to make John laugh, to get him to tease, to see that confused pout. Brilliant.
Sherlock stood to his full height and, with a dramatic sigh so John would understand his uselessness, quit the room to text Lestrade. John stayed behind to help Ms. McCurdy stand and stretch her tired limbs.
“Can’t believe that worked,” John mumbled with a chuckle. “Are you in there? I’ve been talking to you.”
"Chew on it, probably," Mary quipped.
progressed naturally... They would already be together." She looked at Greg and Mrs. Hudson. "How do we strip all that away so that they see the potential is still there?"
John coughed lightly behind him and Sherlock started guiltily, caught out, even though John had obviously meant for him to find the drawings.
He scoffed at that, like Sherlock was the crazy one. “You bloody said run!”
Greg pulled Sherlock against his shoulder awkwardly. "No, mate. He won't be mad, I promise. It'll all work out, you'll see." It had to, it just had to. Or else what was the point of it all?
"John," his voice broke.
John takes a large, scalding swig of his before answering.
Sherlock’s brain ran through several different scenarios in which he could get John to punish him sexually, seven of which had a high likelihood of being successful, three of which might cause permanent harm to the flat.
“’Summers in Toulon,’” John mimicked. “Not even Bath, fucking summers in France. Christ.” He shut up and went back to deep throating.
“Calmus would say that may be true but it doesn’t mean we can’t still appreciate the beauty of it.”
“What? At least I didn’t try to seduce you with references of gypsy daggers. I thought about it, but I didn’t. Give me some credit.”
He couldn’t remember, it had been too long, but he knew it had never been like this. Heart pounding and viscerally real. “Just take whatever you want, I swear I’ll enjoy it.”
“Ugh, what,” John groaned into Sherlock’s stomach, wiping his drool off onto Sherlock’s thin cotton top, still mostly asleep.
John stared blankly, unwilling to misinterpret that statement in his excitement. A crack appeared in the dam he’d built months ago, despite his resolve.
"But she likes you," Janine drawled in that Moriarty sing-song tease.
John imagines he and the mobster share twin expressions of bewilderment, but where as the mobster likely isn’t sure if he wants to shoot Sherlock or punch him, John instead is busy trying to figure out why he’s still falling head over heels for this man. Pure insanity.
“Mmm, yes, quite.” Mycroft rose gracefully, despite his horrifically top-heavy frame. “I should be off. It was lovely to meet you, John. Do feel free to contact me should you need.”
“Yes. Perhaps join the RAMC after I receive my degree,” John answered hesitantly, still looking to Sherlock and back.
“No! Your cock is touching me, of course I’m not listening.”
Her face falls. "But..." She swallows nervously and whispers, "But she's my
"Are you guys ready?" Lestrade called from behind the door, the knob rattled against John's side.
John sighs in resignation. "Was it really that bad?"
He tried again, a hand to his chest. “Not a serial killer.” He then waved at the skull. “Just a friend. He helps me think.”
“What do you think? Tilt-a-whirl or the two headed goat exhibit?” He asked, hoping for the goat exhibit but really not bothered by the ride, even seeing it as a challenge after the adrenaline of the shooting booth.
“Absolutely not! The last time I went along with a scheme of yours he disappeared for a full day. No, I’m staying here and keeping an eye on him, like Mycroft said.”
Much to Sherlock’s delight, John looked thoroughly impressed. “Congratulations.”
“No.”
John looked up. “Probably best not to, right?”
“I rarely sleep,” Sherlock informs John with a yawn. It’s too adorable for words.
His brother’s answering smile said what he thought about that.
“What the hell are you telling him?” John demanded.
“I love you too,” he managed after a moment of internal screaming.
New plan. Not attack, deflect.
"By the time I came home, they were both dead," she continued. "Jim by his own idiotic hand and Seb taken out by some random MI6 agent," she spit. "He deserved better."
The last was a simple JW + SH written inside a heart. He supposed you couldn’t get more clear than that. But what was he meant to do with the information?
not ready. What the hell do you have to be ready for?"
he thought,
“Had enough yet?” John queries, cocky and high on adrenaline.
John merely raised an eyebrow, managing to convey both
, looked very tempting indeed. He clamped down, harder than before, and immediately had to let go when Sherlock bucked up and away with a shout. John laughed at the affronted look sent his way.
Everything went still, John simply stared back at him, calculating. It terrified Sherlock; he could feel his heart racing, his breath sawing in and out, clouding the air in obvious white puffs.
“Please," he whispered back. He couldn't even look her in the eyes; she was being too kind.
“It was all a ruse.”
“You gonna get sick?” He asked and leant away, wary.
“You never speak of your roommate. Why is that?”
“What the fuck, Sherlock!” John snarled.
John turned toward Mary, feeling only a slight twinge of remorse for being rude. “I take it you saw that?”
“Christ, yes. Obviously,” he mumbled from under Sherlock’s grasp. “I love you so much. I’m never letting you go now. Never.”
John leans down into Sherlock’s space, hands braced on either side of his arms on the chair.
“You don't know what you're saying, Sherlock." Despite Sherlock's scowl, John went on. “You're confusing our friendship for something else. I understand, you haven't had close friends before, but this isn't... It's not the same," he choked out.
“Oh, that was fantastic!” Sherlock croaks. “We should see how much longer it lasts next time. I’d love to try different approaches as well, see if we can’t start from a different baseline and then draw it out. What else do you like during fellatio? I’ve noticed you’re particularly drawn to my fingers, we might incorporate those next time, if you’re interested in anal penetration, that is. If not, why not? I don’t suppose that would preclude being the penetrator because I’m not sure what my preference is and I’m curious to find out.”
John ripped the whole thing apart, buttons went every which way, and then John fell upon him to bite at his trapezius. The argument was forgotten immediately as his arms splayed out and they fell back against the mattress.
“Shh, just watch.”
He ponders this. Sherlock doesn’t sound terribly upset about it so it must not be an issue, but John wonders why, or perhaps more accurately, why him now? What makes him so special? He wants to ask but it would sound like fishing and he’s not so desperate for confirmation.
He caught up to the ‘couple’ halfway through the movie, taking a seat in the back and to the right side of their location. He had a clear line of sight to John, so if he tried anything, Sherlock would know.
She smiled like she caught his meaning anyway.
The tension seemed to bleed out of his body and he was left with a smiling Sherlock, patiently waiting for the next step. John had seen that smile before. On the tarmac as they’d waited to say goodbye. Just before everything had gone tits up with Mary, and then Mycroft’s scheming.
Molly immediately looked up at the wedding table.
"Yeah. Not as interesting as some of our old cases but I thought you were right about getting back in the swing of it." He glances at Sherlock to make sure he's out of hearing range before he asks, "What did you think?"
Sherlock laughed lightly. “I probably shouldn’t do this in these shoes,” he said with another chuckle.
His last thought, just as the sky outside his window pane became tinted with indigo and green, was to wonder if Laila’s offer was still on the table.
, he has Mrs. Hudson spying on me at all hours. Not that I have anything to hide but it’s the principle of the thing.”
"John, don't move, let me see." Sherlock was on the floor with him, trying to pull his jacket aside to see where the bullet nicked him, just between his seventh and eight rib on the left side.
He hummed, still not looking up. Mrs. Atwood grew a matching set of legs and part of a ripped skirt before John spoke again.
“Mmm, this is much better than previous experiments,” the kid mumbled into John's mouth.
going to kill me?”
Sherlock smirked, giving as good as he got, and drawled, “You’re building your empire, Mycroft, I’m building mine.”
Sherlock grinned up at John, reveling in being proven right. John tried his best to hold back his smile and failed spectacularly. It sent an electric pulse through Sherlock’s abdomen, rolling warm through his limbs to tingle pleasantly in his fingertips. He pulled John down and continued where they’d left off before being interrupted.
John crawled forward, planted a soft kiss to the nape of Sherlock’s sweaty neck, and then moved back down.
“What if it rains?” He wonders aloud as he zips up.
They opened their eyes and blinked at each other. Apparently they were both crying. As two British men they silently agreed not to discuss it further and just continued to snog.
He shook his head a few hundred times and stuttered, “If anyone has, I have no recollection of it.”
“Pathetic,” Sherlock mumbled and curled up tighter on the bench across the street.
When their skin touched, John was shocked to find Sherlock’s hand was very warm to the touch. The assumption might have to do with his porcelain skin- the cool white of his flesh and his aloof demeanor should have denoted frigid tempatures…but it didn’t.
“What?” She growled.
battle of wills, both men tilting their chins, pursing lips, or raising eyebrows in a language they’d developed as children.
“But… you were just creeping under the coats while they went at it next to you… that’s not exactly a scientific study.”
“Do you have any idea how much bullshit I’ve dealt with to get here tonight? What you’ve interrupted?” John growled right into the man’s face. Sherlock watched, wide-eyed, as John rattled the man’s head against the glass with both hands at his collar. “I could kill you for that alone!”
She tilted her head and smiled a secret smile. “I could ask you the same. Following a lead perhaps? Not for fun, surely.”
"I uploaded it for you," she informs him casually, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Like one would say 'I've started the dishwasher' not 'I've ripped words from your tongue and given them to strangers without your permission.'
John tenses up as another pulse of come is forced out of him. He’s not sure if he wants to gag Sherlock again or not.
Sherlock didn’t answer. He was too busy looking John over for clues. Something had happened when they’d gotten home. Had he tried something inappropriate? It normally took a lot of willpower not to throw himself at John day to day; under the influence of a narcotic, who knew what he would have done? But no, if Sherlock had done something to upset John in that way, he’d know by now. John would hardly have brought him breakfast in bed. More likely John was upset that he’d have to reiterate his speech about no drugs of any kind.
“You helped a bit.”
He watched as Janine made her way over to Mary, took her by the arm and pulled her away to converse. Mrs. Hudson came back to the table and sat down with an exhausted huff. Her hat flopped with the motion.
“No, I-” Sherlock makes a noise in his throat, one John interprets as ‘Don’t lie.’ “All right, yeah, I’m a little… confused. But I mean, I trust you know best. Who am I to judge?”
John hissed in pleasure and annoyance both. “Lovely? Is that all? How about this? Is this
She giggled. “It’s nothing, really. He’s quite… something. Once you get to know him.”
His running dialogue was interrupted by John making a beeline for the toilets at a rugby player’s sprint. Sherlock would be impressed if he wasn’t so insulted by the interruption.
John marches back to his bed and buries his head under the lumpy motel pillow until the water shuts off in the loo. Cautiously, he peers out, waiting, and dreading, the real life Greek statue that threatens to appear. Seconds tick by, John waits in agony, like one would await a court sentence, until the door finally clicks open. John takes a second to realize he’s still cowering under the pillow, tosses it away before Sherlock appears. When he does, it’s both more terrible than he anticipated and not. Sherlock is framed in the doorway, still dewy from the shower, in nothing but his skin tight dove grey boxer briefs, his skin as white as Christmas snow. And yet… He’s brushing his teeth like a six year old, bits of foam building in the corner of his mouth, with his drying hair fluffing up every which way, suggestive of the towel he probably roughed over it haphazardly.
“Yes, John,” he replied into the mattress.
And so it was, as Sherlock found himself relaxing into slumber, it was John’s quiet tenor lulling him to sleep.
“What do you remember?” John asked the bedspread.
“You shouldn’t have to,” John stated angrily. “It was just like him, coming here, wrecking everything and then just leaving without thought. He shouldn’t do things like that. It’s…” He trailed off, out of steam already. A sigh escaped and John allowed himself to be pulled forward to lean his head against Laila’s shoulder. “You’re a really great girlfriend.”
“Hey,” he greeted, “all right? Not caught in the snow are you?”
Dread flooded John’s system. She hadn’t actually come out and asked him on a date yet; she’d hinted at the idea, but this was pretty hard to be diplomatic about. By all accounts he should be jumping at the offer. Laila was smart, beautiful, ambitious without the control issues Mary seemed to have had, and they had a lot in common as far as background and future plans were concerned. And he already knew she was brave, as evident by her experience with the Colombian cartel.
He scrambled back up into a sitting position, arms around John’s torso to keep him upright in his lap, and then once they were steady he efficiently clawed at John’s jeans until they were open enough to reach inside.
John grins as he finally remembers her. "Clever Clara Toure."
"I'm dull and I smell like disinfectant and yet here I am," John pointed out. He pinched the ends of the torn skin together, judging the severity of depth. As he first thought, not so bad, it wouldn't need stitches.
“I feel like I could do this all day,” John commented. Sherlock nodded but to himself he was thinking he’d probably last another two, possibly three minutes.
“Oh John! How lovely!” Mrs. Hudson’s exclamation and swift enveloping hug made it official enough in their eyes. John looked like a fly caught in a Venus flytrap.
“Right. Well, we’ll have to get you downstairs now, won’t we?”
Sherlock glanced up and stopped mid-sentence, his eyes glued to the stranger leant against their front door. There was a pause in his step, John noted, and they slowed their approach; John mirroring Sherlock’s steps, not yet understanding the reason.
“Yes,” Sherlock hissed, hardly paying attention to the conversation.
intimidating. Same for the hair pulling incident. I think we both know what happened there."
Sherlock’s eyes go wide and then slam shut on a shocked cry. “Fuck!” He snarls and then John feels hot, liquid pulse against him, onto him, mixed between their bellies as they continue to writhe.
One condescending eyebrow went up. “
“No buts. There’s a member of the Russian Mafia roaming loose and we’re too busy snogging to stop him. Is that what you want?”
“Oh, yeah. Give me something strong enough to destroy the important parts of my brain,” he commanded.
The two watchmen are smoking cigars and chatting with each other, completely unaware that their charges are about to be loose. Within seconds John hears the click of the release and grins as Sherlock’s hands come free. He motions for John to turn, and he does, holding still as Sherlock prods at the lock. Again, the cuff is unlocked in seconds. John turns back, rubbing at his wrist.
He did it again.
His torso twisted quickly to the right while he simultaneously caught the barrel and twisted the gun out of the Russians grasp. It was in John’s hand before the man could blink.  His palm burned from where he’d gripped the hot metal but his hand didn’t shake as he leveled it in the air. After it was clear that he’d been bested, the man immediately put his hands in the air.
Sherlock frowned as John walked over, picked his pants up off the floor, and put them back on. “You never asked any,” he informed the man.
“All right.” There
Sherlock sent him a frown. “What’s more important, John, your lumbar support or stopping a man from kidnapping teenage girls and selling them into sexual slavery?”
“On?”
"How is your mum, by the way?" John asks her, inappropriately remembering that Sybille Toure looked a lot like Nichelle Nichols from Star Trek.
“Sorry,” he said, wiping a tear from his eye.
It was then that John noticed the gun in her hand. His whole frame locked down instantly, part of his instincts kicking in, another part baffled by the insanity of the image.
Greg had to stop him there. It was too much, to listen to his jumbled deductions, the assumed distaste on John's part, as the red, glassy stare worsened.
Sherlock snorted right in his face. "The hell you say. My opinion is we should have been shagging twenty minutes ago but instead we're having a chin wag about your intimacy issues." John opened his mouth to tear into him but he pulled his hands from John's and put them to either side of his head, bracketing his face, and stared at him so intently he closed his mouth with a snap. "I wanted to have sex with you three minutes ago because you were third knuckle deep in my arse and I liked it." John laughed. "But now I want to have sex with you because I love you and I want to experience the most intimate thing two people can do together with you. Will you deny me
“Christ, that’s-” he glanced up at Sherlock, who was doing his best not to laugh outright, “smooth.”
“That must be interesting,” John filled the tense silence, unaware of exactly why the brothers looked ready to do murder but willing to help ease the tension. So kind, his John.
He couldn’t help but to show off, a bit. “Your grandfather, the reason you decided to become a doctor for yourself, not just because your parents wanted it for you. You didn’t get the tattoo until you decided to become a writer instead, as a reminder that you could still remember your family history even if you didn’t fulfill that particular wish.”
“Let's just worry about it tomorrow, yeah?" She ran a hand back into his hair and hummed some quiet song into John's ear. If he wasn't still incredibly drunk and emotionally exhausted, he probably would have protested the coddling. But it did feel nice, relaxing.
“Right,” John drawls, but to himself he’s wondering why he hasn’t thought of this already. It’s like he’s imprinted on Sherlock, an orphan duckling, following in his shadow without thought. He should have been thinking of this, because he has no idea what comes next. “As long as there isn’t a woman with a lit candle trying to show us the way…” He chuckles at his own joke.
John snorted, which sent a gust of warm air across Sherlock’s nipple, which then peaked with the stimulation, even as unintended as it had been. He ignored it.
“They’re in the car, I’ll grab ‘em.” Mitch runs off and Miller points his returned pistol at Sherlock’s head so they stay put.
"Never!" He snapped his hips roughly and groaned. "Oh, please. More, I need more."
His thoughts trailed away again, time seeming to skip beats as he glanced from Sherlock lazing sideways in his chair, to the fire that dwindled, to the ceiling reflecting its slow flickering flames.
hit him hard enough to cut on his teeth. He tongued the sore tissue and again tasted blood.
“Shut up. I’ll find some other way to punish you later.” He pulled Sherlock backwards by his hair, and shoved messily against the still stinging skin of Sherlock’s arse with his cock. He grunted, occasionally cursing Sherlock to perdition, sometimes raking his nails down Sherlock’s back, before gasping and tightening his fist and pulling hard.
“Kinesthetic learning, you said?” John asked, trying the word out, with another pointless tug on his bag.
“Right, but dots all the same. This is good though, I can use this, I’ll just have to adjust the timetable.”
“What’d you mean?”
, John mouthed to Sherlock in horror. They'd been together for a year!
"Nothing. Nothing is on my mind."
Sherlock merely watched as John finished and pulled the silk away from his shoulders.  John stood and hung the shirt from the knob of his wardrobe. Had Sherlock been in his right mind, he’d have chastised John for being so thoughtful. It wasn’t necessary. It wasn’t worth it. He wasn’t-
He poked him.
John pulls back enough to see but Sherlock turns his head away, buries it into John’s shoulder.
“Uh huh,” John responded absently, rattling the locked door of the shack.
“I’m not sure,” Sherlock admitted after a moment. “They met just after University I think. My father’s an accountant, so I’m sure they met through a colleague or some such. They don’t exactly talk about the details of their romantic attachment and, of course, I’ve never asked.”
“I suppose. Yes, send him up.”
He shrugged. “Then we go home sooner. Sounds fine to me.”
Sherlock bounces on his toes in the chilly early March air, hands in his pockets. "What was strangely poetic?" He asks again.
“You are so fucking lucky, Mitch, I swear to god.” Miller shoves the weaponless Sherlock toward the rental. “I’m going to dump you both in the Verde, your head up his ass.”
“Oh, c’mon, you never hazarded a guess? Never deduced it from my
John wondered. He was probably just mad that John had fooled him for so long. John hoped anyway.
Unperturbed, Sherlock’s lip twitched as he, surprisingly, started to roll another joint. John watched as he finished quickly and tucked it casually behind his ear.
“Yes,” he answers. Jefferson, he remembers, was the quiet sort, no one knew him well, but he was in his third deployment and hadn’t ever given anyone cause to think he’d snapped. Therefore, in John’s mind, it was an accident. “I didn’t find out until after that he was-
He still hadn't taken a single sip of his champagne. She decided to change tactics.
Sherlock, horrified, snatched him round the wrist and pulled him back. “Where are you going?”
“Missing student. I’m afraid we’ll have to cut our session short.” He reached for his coat and pulled it on. John didn’t seem to know what to do with himself. “I’ll contact you again when my schedule opens.”
“I doubt it, but as I’ve never spoken to her, I’ll never know. I just needed to confirm Oliver’s location to the authorities. When Oliver goes to Houston to meet Lillian, he’ll really be meeting the FBI. He’s the weakest link in the Juarez Cartel, he’ll flip on the other key members faster than anyone else would have. Case solved.”
“Right. That’s it.” He snatched Sherlock by the lapels and threw him down onto Greg’s desk. Buttons were sacrificed in the name of efficiency as he tore at cloth to get at skin. His teeth clamped down on soft tissue and Sherlock was quick to spread his legs to allow John closer.
Sherlock's POV. This chapter went significantly longer than the previous. No excuse for it, it's one of those mysteries of the universe, just go with it. This is where all the smut is anyway, so I'm sure there are no complaints.
Laila purred, knowing what it did to John.
As soon as he turned to confront Sherlock again, he got a punch to the jaw for his troubles. His head snapped to the side, pain radiating from the impact. John swore if any of his teeth were loose he’d choke Sherlock to death.
“I get it, John, I really do but I still need to see at least some effort on your part. I should have warned you sooner, but your grades are already slipping and it’s not even mid-terms yet.”
“Answer me now or I’ll assume you’re one of Oliver’s and I’ll collapse your windpipe and leave you here to suffocate.”
John is grinning like a fiend.
John’s heart stopped. The words were so deadpan John wasn’t sure of their meaning, but the numb feeling of his fingertips suggested they be taken in anger.
“Mythically speaking that would be inaccurate.”
They stopped outside the 24 hour campus clinic doors and eyeballed each other in confused silence.
He twists the shower knob until the right temperature flows, as cold as he can get, which, as Sherlock predicted, isn’t much. Trousers, shirt, and pants are discarded hastily for the promise of a good scrubbing. Escaping Sherlock is only partly the reason for wanting the shower, he really is covered in a days worth of sweat and dust. The lot of it drains away and John watches as the murky water swirls. He can hear the telly being shut off, even the sound of Sherlock pulling things out of his bag.
He ground his molars together. Why was he doing this again? Oh, yes. Because Mycroft was blackmailing him, the waddling shit.
“You were above all that 90210 bollocks.”
Sherlock was so taken aback by this turn in the conversation he almost laughed. Did John
"Too right, he aint," Janine snorted. "Fucked the groomsman at his own wedding reception! Even I didn't predict that one." She started clapping.
“John,” a rumbling voice calls from the loo and John starts, hand flying away from his groin like it’s on fire.
“And that’s when?”
“I thought you knew!” John snapped. “I thought you’d figured me out months ago, were just being polite, letting me get away with denying it.”
"Bugger off," he snapped and pushed his way past Sherlock again. He walked back to the group of police without a backward glance.
He replayed the scene again, tried to see it with the new data given, but still came up empty. “But I wasn’t the one leaving constantly.
John’s version of their reunion was basically a tornado with arms, but still he included a few hearts, broken and whole both. He’d agree with that. Thankfully Mary was not included in the scene. He wasn’t so lucky with the next panel but it could hardly be helped, being the wedding and all. At least John managed to convey the hesitance he must have felt, the three of them standing side by side at the altar but with John looking at Sherlock instead of Mary. Sherlock wished he’d known then that John was wishing Sherlock had spoken up. If John only knew how close the words had been on his tongue that day.
“What-“
“I could do,” he quipped back, “if you’d like.” The so called ‘Sherlock’ held his hand out for John’s palm.
Mary walks in as he's finishing up and, though he can't quite make her out through the curtain and the steam, he sees she's looking through the cabinet.
"Major Sholto?"
“Oh, all right.” Sherlock flopped down into the chair, happy as a clam. Victor followed after, though less thrilled. He looked like a model turned the wrong way round on the catwalk, what with his chiseled jaw and
He did look up then. “Why?”
“No, I didn’t but I’m not surprised.” Her voice flitted around the sitting room, dusting most likely, damn her. “That boy could do anything he put his mind to, I’m sure.”
Her face transforms at that. "You do remember!"
John reared back in shock. "What? No! God, no, that's the furthest thing from the truth. Christ, how could you think that?"
“This prick spread lies about your family too?” The man asked John and then turned back to Sherlock with a pointed finger. “Keep your damn mouth shut about my daughter! C’mon, Bree.” He started to yank the boy away but Sherlock really couldn’t keep his mouth shut.
His scowl should have peeled the paint off Greg's car but he didn't remark. That was, he waited until Greg was halfway across the street with his men before he called out, "Do try and keep from stampeding all over the evidence, will you?"
“Never,” he snarled and tried for a jab.
Sherlock didn't answer, he continued to study John's left eyebrow.
“Just… Let me explain?”
“You’re confused,” he whispered softly. “I would be too if you’d done the same out of the blue. ‘Not gay,’ ‘married to your work’ and all that. But underneath all the posturing, didn’t you see this coming? Maybe you didn’t. I would apologize but…No, I wouldn’t.” He chuckled. “Sorry for not being sorry I guess.”
"Don't," Sherlock snarled. "I'm not finished with you yet."
Sherlock affected a put upon sigh and shoved past John like a dark cloud bent on raining on someone’s parade. John wanted to call out but he didn’t know if the coast was clear, even though Sherlock obviously believed it was, so he just followed as the man strutted away. They made their way toward the River in a hurry; he practically had to skip to keep up.
Sherlock- "Your waistline is obvious!"
She closed the door behind them and rested against it as if she were exhausted, which she probably was, day she’d had.
“I’m sorry you think that,” John managed to reply. He fiddled with his comforter while Bill huffed. John’s phone buzzed at his hip but he ignored it.
None of that mattered, he had to push through, had to find John.
“Look, if you’re not willing to kiss me, even though it's obvious you're up for it and would love a chance to get one over on your ex,” he stated with a sneer, “I’ll just go find Victor and be on my way.”
"Sherlock would have it figured out in a second," Greg countered, "he'd never fall for it.
"It's out of our hands now," she solemnly whispered. "I just hope they don't kill each other."
Sherlock blinked up at him, before his eyes traveled down to do exactly that.
"Did you want me to read it?"
Sherlock hadn’t moved an inch. John could see the line of confusion, just there between his brows, and the movement of his eyes behind his almost translucent eyelids, as he did his best to parse this sudden reaction on John’s part.
“I… Yes, of course,” John reluctantly agreed. “Sherlock tells me you work in government?”
"Ta," Greg says absently as he watches Sherlock pace in front of the body.
"He never should have pointed his rifle at John Watson," Sherlock growled, showing true emotion.
The corner of John’s lip twitched again.
“I can’t do that.”
John and Laila shared a look, and, upon checking, John noted even Sherlock seemed privately amused.
been upended, he was just thankful he remembered the basics of French kissing, because John had engaged without much warning. And it was bloody
"I'm not entirely sure actually. It's been a long time coming, this revenge. The whole taking John from you aspect has been exhausting. I should by rights blow both yours heads off right now. But..."
“And then you left.” He closes his eyes and sees it as vividly as he has for the last two years, since the day it happened, and his heart clenches all over again. He knows tears were now rimming his eyes but, hell, Sherlock isn’t looking anyway.
When he slid further down, his fingers lingering over Sherlock’s hips, dipping under the band of his pants, Sherlock inhaled and held, not breathing out until John looked back up with a smirk.
Something John had always wondered - had Sherlock ever deduced the reason why he left the nails of his left hand a bit longer than the right? What it was to do with the tremor that wracked him in certain situations? It had started after his first deployment. There was a clarity in pain, something that he needed when outside the adrenaline of the theater of war. It was a simple thing, just the bite of his nails into the flesh of his palm to let him know he was there, to clear away the fog that obscured his vision when the world pressed in.
“So?” Greg questioned patiently. When Sherlock’s brow furrowed he answered with raised eyebrows. “Don’t get shy on my now. How did you find him?”
Words were beyond Sherlock. All he knew was John’s fist and John’s thick digit as it pushed gently inside. Seconds passed, that’s all it took.
“I’m a high-functioning sociopath,” he growled, “not a psychopath.”
“Me?” Sherlock asked, surprised. “What about me?”
John’s initial reaction was to deny he was going through anything, but Gregson was handing him a bone, so he nodded with a weary malaise, as if his whole world was crumbling around him.
“Oh.” He blinks down, either in confusion or in embarrassment, John’s not sure.
“What’s he on about?” Lestrade questioned softly.
Sherlock took a deep breath and, without breaking from John’s stare, said, “I don’t believe Mrs. Hudson has ever used a tampon. Before her time, as it were. Isn’t that right?” He then looked up at her as if he’d asked ‘Do you use oregano in your pasta sauce?’
"Berk," John mumbled and grabbed his coat as well.
“How do you know?" He asked.
All was silent. Since Sherlock had given his speech to the brick beside John's head, he had no way of knowing how John was reacting to his offer.
“Yeah let’s not do that again,” Sally suggested dryly.
an idiot.”
chair, and stared for thirteen seconds before beginning.
Sherlock stared unabashedly. “You… Really?”
“We can discuss the cultural significance of silence in Japanese communication.”
suck him off now. Mind, he’d never given so much as a hand job before that moment, let alone a blow job, but if the deftness he was showing with his hand was anything to go by, it wouldn’t last long at all if he laid his tongue against that sensitive tip. And he very much wanted to see this bloke’s reaction.
"Scared? Of what?" He demanded and pushed against John's hand, the least subtle hint of all time. He went back to fingering his flatmate, albeit much slower.
"They were rabid dogs," she corrected. "More likely to set fire to each other than cuddle."
John didn’t have a single thing to say to that, so he busied himself with eating.
“John,” Mycroft crooned, soft as butter. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
"John Watson, you are an amazing writer. I wish you'd let me read the old blog right off, you know how I love it. I'm behind this decision a hundred and ten percent. You asked my opinion, I gave it to you. I'm sorry if I upset you but it was coming from a place of love. I thought you'd be more upset if the first wave of comments coming in asked if I was out of the picture now that you and Sherlock were an item."
"All right, keep your voice down."
“It is. Can I help you?” He was the consummate actor.
“Ready?” Sherlock asked.
When John didn’t respond immediately, Sherlock cursed himself for a fool in nine different languages. Insulting the man not once but twice? Maybe it would be for the best, he tried to reason, there was no earthly reason to continue to see each other after all. Hadn’t he avoided John's influence for just this reason? So he wouldn’t become addicted to impressing him, as he’d already showed signs of doing?
And yet…
When no response was forthcoming, John contemplated physically assaulting his flatmate. It was possible he could affect a response with violence, and since Sherlock hadn’t initiated a round of boxing matches since the last incident, it might have actually been fun, but no, he’d try verbal communication one last time before shoving Sherlock to the floor.
“I don’t think I’ve got your brother’s blessing, dear,” he snickered into Sherlock’s neck as he backed the man into the closed door.
John nodded, never more sure of anything in his life. “Very much so, yes.”
“Everyone?”
“Of course we don’t.” John’s head snapped down with military precision, his earlier anger bubbling up again. “But I suppose we argue enough that they would assume I’m just manhandling you all over the flat when we get home.”
Sherlock hums his agreement as he keys open the door. It swings open to reveal… exactly what one would expect from a motel in the middle of nowhere - no better or worse. The decor probably hasn’t changed since nineteen seventy-three, and the mini-fridge doesn’t have a door on it, but other than that it looks serviceable. To John’s secret disappointment there are two beds, but the linens look relatively new, which is a plus.
Because it was fun.
“I find I’ve had enough of slow. Haven’t you?”
Sherlock could only hope whoever the next student was, they weren’t a complete idiot. He’d had plans after Antoinette Riser’s study session. Things to see, people to snog.
John stared off at the park in the distance. Not even close?
“Because I found something worth it.”
Sherlock is surprised to find the soldier has returned and even more pleasantly surprised to find he's followed Sherlock home. Many more surprises ensue.
John’s only response was a roll of his eyes as he walked away.
“So it’s really over, you think?” Mike asked.
As soon as the door opens and he steps out John is aware of three things. One - Sherlock is still in his pants. Two - he’s sitting stretched out on John’s bed. Three - he’s smiling at John like John has done something fantastic.
“Oh, all right, yes. I’ll…” He trailed off when it became apparent that Mycroft was leaving. “What the hell was that?” He asked Sherlock as soon as Mycroft’s lumbering arse passed the doorway.
“No, I wanna know more about
"Greg," Molly hesitated, "why hasn't he had a meltdown yet? Do you think we were wrong?"
He crouched down behind the counter, as if he were stacking paper cups, and typed back.
“Shh,” Sherlock hissed and slapped a hand over his mouth.
“What?” John leaned away. “You look like a cobra, stop it.”
John picked up the tiny bird skull again and looked it over. Such a strange memento, bleached white and so fragile, but it seemed fitting for such a strange encounter. His fingertip traced the tiny beak as he contemplated nothing at all.
“What?” He mouthed with his shoulders comically high.
John jumps from the car to follow behind. Just in case, he tells himself, though what he’s going to contribute he has no idea.
He chewed casually, not tasting a thing, then brushed some loose crumbs off his chest and mumbled, “So, pre-med, am I correct?”
“Who said?” He asked.
As they walked on, he began to dread the game vendors ahead, knowing their penchant for calling out to blokes to win prizes for their girls. It was an insidious tactic that almost always worked. It was nearly impossible to be subtle about steering her away, as there really wasn’t anywhere else to go but back the way they’d come.
As John stares Sherlock down, he finally registers the low grade tremors that wrack Sherlock’s frame. He’s either trying to vibrate through the chair and escape through the floor boards or he’s actually hearing everything John’s saying and is processing it on some level.
“Yes,” Sherlock responded evenly, despite how it felt to have John’s hands on him again.
“Uh, yeah, I’m closing? Why? Got a case?”
John held up a hand as he walked by, not in the mood to explain. He was going back to bed and he wasn’t getting up until his date with Laila.
“What did you say, prick?” The pistol finds its way toward Sherlock’s temple and John’s fingers itch to reach for his own borrowed piece.
“Oh. Oh, all right,” he blinked rapidly as he moved away to allow Sherlock to pass, “yeah, just, uh, text or call or you could email if that’s…uh…more…”
"She was gone by the time I shaved," John explains lamely. He might as well have slunk away, tail between his legs, so obvious must be his hurt. The focus on his dry, doctors hands hold John's attention while Sherlock sits there deducing him.
she breathed,
Mary was clearly interested in this new guest, in relation to Sherlock's reaction to him, as she kept her gaze trained on him throughout the encounter.
“What does it matter?” He tries to divert the conversation. “Don’t we have more to worry about?”
“He’s loaded up on Boot’s cough suppressants. Found three empty bottles tucked into his coat.”
They shared a small smile. Neither was fooling the other, that much was clear, but John did have to concede that he wasn’t exactly a world class boxer. He’d only won by the skin of his teeth, by accidently finding a chink in Sherlock’s armor.
“Well? What are you waiting for?” He asked when John didn’t immediately jump on him.
John and Sherlock looked at each other and then back to Janine.
Sherlock wanted to argue that he wasn’t the one who decided not to pursue a… friendship, but again, he wasn’t supposed to remember any of that.
“No.” Sherlock pauses. “You do understand that I’m
“Nothing in here is going to stab, burn or bite me, right?” John questions, only after tugging the blanket over their heads.
John pulls the cloth curtain back and immediately registers his first mistake. A real whopper of one.
“Reels?” John immediately regretted asking when Sherlock scowled at him so hard his teeth looked ready to grind to dust.
“What did she mean by that?” He asked quietly.
He glanced up with an answering smile. The man was clearly unaware of the tension at the table his little comment had caused.  John got a smug kick out of that. Knowing Sherlock better than Victor went a long way towards calming his nerves. He leaned casually back in his seat and threw an arm around Laila’s chair, earning him a knowing glance from Laila.
That did it.
Sherlock sat back down across and smiled. It was a small thing, but when John responded Sherlock forgot for a long second where he was or what he was supposed to be doing. When John coughed Sherlock snapped back to the moment, but John’s answering smile was saved in a locked box high on a shelf in a room in his mind palace reserved only for private moments.
That shut her up. Her eyes widened but she didn't deny it.
He woke up to John shaking him.
“It’s none of my business, John, really. As long as he comes home at night, stays busy, and doesn’t blow up my building I rarely have a complaint. I just thought you should know. I approve completely.”
Just before he opens the door he remembers the cockstand he’s still sporting, and quickly tucks it up his belly, bunching the little bit of towel excess he has to work with in front.
John sat, the tray lowered gently beside him. “Try at least. It’s not doing your stomach any favours, staying empty like that.”
Greg watched with morbid fascination as Sherlock chugged at least forty quid worth of top shelf Scotch and then spit most of it into the air and the surrounding area. So half of their idiotic plan was working.
“Right?” She toyed with a strand of her hair. “You know you could have just said, if that was the reason. You know, my not having the preferred bits, and that.”
“Oh, please, spare me your mother's politics, and stick to the topic at hand. Your attempt has failed. Run along now, I’m sure John could do with some more feminine coddling, which seems to be more your forte.”
“Sherlock, I know you can hear me, get rid of it. Laila’s due any second.
“Unnhh,” Sherlock moaned loudly when John slid back inside.
John froze in the doorway. Laila glanced at him, but Sherlock couldn’t see. Her look said, ‘See? He has no idea what he’s doing.’
“Not now, Mycroft,” Sherlock growled, not looking away from Laila for a second. Perhaps he thought she was the greater threat.
She giggled. “It’s not though, because he was probably impressed, whereas if
“Sherlock, Christ, I’m gonna come. Oh, fuck.” He tries to pull away but Sherlock clamps down with fingers and lips both. He groans, a last attempt to warn, but it’s too late, he’s already shooting off, unable to stop his hips from snapping, driving his cock in and out of Sherlock’s throat.
“I’m done, Sherlock. I’m not playing this game anymore. I can’t. If you care for me at all, you’ll make this easier and just leave me be.”
“No. I’m a consulting detective.”
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, hoping the language was right, as well as the sentiment.
John sniffed. “I used to fight my sister over the telly remote. Watch out, I might pull your hair next.”
“Sherlock? Come back, I won’t pull your hair again,” he called out with a laugh.
He got up and dumped his still mostly full bowl into the sink.
"Could she? Is there even the slightest chance?"
, he continued to internally swear.
“John,” she greeted with a smile, as if they hadn’t seen each other an hour ago, before she left for the kitchen to mix tomorrow’s scone batch.
“Hey, John,” David slurred, “is it true what Mary said? That you and that Holmes bloke are shagging?”
“I think I’ve almost… There, is that it?” John pulls the rigid tool free and lays it in Sherlock’s open palm.
, John’s oh so helpful inner monologue reminded him.
“Pentonville!” John erupted into great belly laughs as well. “Yeah, skip go, do not collect two hundred quid.”
He’d make it up to John somehow, that he swore.
“John Watson, you are a slut,” he mused aloud as he jogged down the steps of the building. He could only hope this Mr. Holmes was a white haired grandfatherly type who was grumpy and smelled like muscle rub.
“Now if we could just get you to work on staying focused on cases instead my cock, we’d have ourselves a genuine breakthrough.” He laughed as he bent to pick up Greg’s spilled pens and pencils.
Sherlock was busy staring at John like he was the second coming but he did mutter some vague bit of Russian. When the man turned to look over his shoulder in horror Sherlock snapped, “No, not you. Him.” He pointed at John.
“Shh, stop. There’s nothing for you to apologize for, I shouldn’t have just taken off.”
Her lips turned down at the corners and Sherlock swore internally. He knew not to push this one too far; she’d start crying if he so much as raised his voice.
“Oh, god, don’t stop,” John begged, as if Sherlock were doing anything but allowing John use him to thrust upon.
For whatever reason, Sherlock seemed to think that was the height of hilarious. John nodded and stood, where he thought he was going to go he hadn’t a clue, he just needed to be away. A much larger hand than his own landed and held him down onto the stability bar above his head. John hadn’t even seen him move but suddenly Sherlock was looming over him, his breath puffing right into John’s face.
“By the way,” Sherlock quipped, “I hope this hasn’t put you off the idea of having a working apiary in the future. I’m thinking of starting a colony once we retire.”
"We're all thinking it, I'm the only one brave enough to say it."
John watched as Sherlock's eyes lit up in excitement, pride in his own deductions, whatever they were. He smiled at John briefly but then he was off again, stalking into the bedroom. A C.S.I. member scuttled out seconds later in fear and John snickered.
John tore furiously at the netted hood, nearly tearing Sherlock’s hair out in the process. He swore, frustrated, as he threw it to the floor, letting Sherlock have a mere second to breathe before he grabbed the sides of the tyvek suit and yanked. The zipper tore down the middle with a comical whir and John wasted no time yanking the top half away from Sherlock’s body. It pooled at his feet and Sherlock would have tripped over it if John hadn’t tossed him bodily over to the sofa. He twisted at the last second, trying his best not to land on his front, but it was no use.
“Oh, so it’s my fault?”
They nodded and walked casually back to Greg’s car. Sherlock gallantly, by rote at this point, held the door open for him and John slid silently into the beat seat. He waited until the door closed before pulling Sherlock down for a hard kiss.
“You left.”
“I could have easily beat him to death this morning, so I don’t know about friendly,” he muttered with a laugh, and then instantly realized his mistake when Sherlock asked-
Gregson gave a chuckle. “He wouldn’t answer anyway. The most you’ll get is a text if you’re lucky. He’s... strict about study times. As long as you stick to the allowed schedule you’d be all right. How do you feel about it?”
“Yes, John. Your knowledge of popular music helped establish the kidnapper’s motive. As I have no such knowledge of my own that was quite helpful, and now I know you’re quick to act should the need for violence arise. Having someone with a passing medical knowledge would come in handy in the future as well.”
John stumbled into the flat with the world weary, heavy gait of the recently work released; so dead on his feet he could barely lift his toes enough to avoid tripping on the stairs. His jacket was shrugged off his shoulders and when it fell to land at the foot of the coat rack all he could do was stare at it. The idea of bending over to pick it up was absurd.
John began to retort but suddenly Victor’s voice came through his speaker, tinny but understandable. He made sure his sound was as high as it could go and pressed the phone as tightly to his ear as possible regardless.
was gay." His hand pointing out the difference to show his confusion. "My sister is, you see. That scene there was a pretty familiar one in my house, so I just assumed.” He shrugged.
you lure me up here?” He fidgeted in his seat and Sherlock suppressed a feral grin.
. Was he really that desperate for a spot of fun?
He couldn’t help but laugh along with that. “Double standards, right? Bunch of bollocks.”
“Wait," John straightened his spine, "what are you doing in here? Were you just hiding under the coats while two people got off right there?”
he tells himself,
“I want to be close to you when I tell you this, so you can read whatever it is that you need to in order to believe my sincerity.” He pulls back so Sherlock can see his face. “I’m leaving Mary and I’m going to move back into Baker Street. It will hurt. Yes. It will be unfair. Yes. But not as hurtful as being away from you. Not as unfair as leading her on when I love you more.”
“Landlady, right,” John muttered as he set his bag down and rushed over to help her set the tray on the kitchen table.
After a minute, when he noted that all had gone quiet, he cracked an eye open to find John staring at him from the doorway.
Mary looked him over, trying her best to parse his mood but he gave nothing. That alone probably conveyed his anger.
With that parting shot he snatched John by the hand and pulled him down the hall, into the bedroom. John would have liked to have gotten a word in edgewise to his scheming pseudo brother-in-law about continuously putting cameras in their flat but he had more important things to occupy his mind.
“Right.” John looks up at the stars and lets the worry melt away for a minute. Sherlock is so quietly competent, John finds that he’s missed it more than he’d thought - being able to lean on someone again, knowing they have your back.
“So,” John drawls after a silent moment passes, “what’s the plan here? Sneak up on the gun wielding drug runner and simply ask him to hand over his boss?”
John had nearly forgotten the idea since its first suggestion, filed away as nothing more than a drug addled tease on Sherlock’s part. Now John wasn’t so sure.
“Oh, Christ, you…unnn, you have to stop, I’m going to come,” John panted.
“Sherlock, what are you doing?” He asked as he crouched down to Sherlock’s level. He didn’t receive a response, so he tried again. “Hey, c’mon, sit up, you idiot.”
Mrs. Hudson walked back in and handed John a bag of frozen peas. “Here you go, John.”
He settled in for the day, after replacing the items where he found them; all but the skull, which he continued to glance at throughout his wait. He even made sure to keep the telly volume down so he’d hear if anyone knocked, but no one did. Every time someone walked down the hall John’s blood pressure shot up but then they’d continue on and he’d deflate again. Near two in the morning John finally gave up and fell asleep. He dreamt his mystery lover crawled into his bed and wrapped long, wiry arms around him. He held tightly to this sensation until morning, when he woke with an empty stomach and an even emptier bed.
He looked at John, Sherlock, and then the upended table. “Who the hell are you? Where’s Barb?”
Air escaped Sherlock’s lungs in a rush, and he was glad for the passing lorry with the bad rotors, as it masked the sound.
“Hairline fracture,” he informed. “I told them it was lucky, considering… well never mind. Doc says it should heal quickly as long as I don’t punch anyone or anything else.”
“By the time we sat down at Angelo’s that first night, I wanted you so badly I risked offending you irreparably, just on the chance you’d accept a half-arsed proposal. If you had, I would have fucked you six ways from Sunday in the loo.” Sherlock’s fingers clench down on the arm of the chair but John isn’t sure what it means, as Sherlock gives no other clue to his frame of mind, so he continues. “By the time I shot Jefferson Hope, you’d gained a loyal companion for life. It was okay if you didn’t…or couldn’t…reciprocate the way I’d originally wanted. I told myself it was okay. I’d take you any way I could have you. It was enough. I lived in that lie every single day. I made it work. Because I needed to be near you, to be needed by you, to orbit you like those silly little planets and moons you know nothing about.
"Well, yeah, but no, I meant Janine."
“Why?”
He rubbed at his wrists, which John stepped forward to look at, despite his knowledge that they hadn’t done any damage whatsoever. He really just wanted to reassure himself that Sherlock wasn’t leaving, rub his thumb over the fragile bones of his hands and squeeze his relief into his partners skin.
“We’re
There it was again. The hint that Sherlock knew there was something wrong with them.
“You were a soldier.”
Even after explaining, John still looked on in confusion. Sherlock was about to ask which part John was having a hard time with when he blurted out, “Christ, you really don’t remember me, do you?”
, John thought when he saw Sherlock flinch out of his periphery.
“How do you know she’s in the toilets then?” John challenged, skipping to catch up to Sherlock’s longer stride.
He stopped after the very first punch to John’s ribs, when the unmistakable sound of snapping bone pulled Sherlock upright in horror. His mouth gaped as he ran his hands over John’s torso, assessing the damage. John snarled and shoved him off, twisting away.
Sherlock did not. “It would have been more interesting than Harrow.”
Molly struck first, armed with a bottle of champagne, which she brought down on top of Janine's head. It fell with a thunk and Molly waited while Janine stood there looking confused, before she fell to the floor.
John turned on his heel and marched away. The door slammed with a satisfying thump and he smirked to himself in pleasure. The bloke from last night had been right - he'd wanted to do that for a long time.
, he thought. A low level of erotic tension between them, that had been right from the beginning, something he’d ignored right off out of habit. But he found, with John waiting, not so patiently, for Sherlock to agree, that he was suddenly quite keen on the idea of sex with John. He glanced down, unnecessarily, at his crotch. Really,
“What’s that for?” John queried.
She assured him it was taken care of but he insisted, so she let him help set the kettle up, all the while chatting amicably like two old mates. It was hardly a two person job, making tea, but it seemed John no longer wanted to be in the same room with Sherlock. He wasn’t sure what had happened exactly but it angered him that he was even bothered about it. He wasn’t supposed to want John’s attention, and he’d seemed to have forgotten that fact in the man’s presence.
“What?” His companion drawls.
aware that he then places his lips to the same place Sherlock's had been seconds earlier.
“Wonderful, now go away!”
, went his phone again and he rolled his eyes.
“Axe murders I could help with, not so much the bed bugs, sorry.”
Sherlock sighed and took the lot from him. “You dictate, I’ll write.”
“Drop this one,” he flicked his wrist at Scarlett, “she’s not right for you.”
“John,” Sherlock had sidled up next to him and whispered out the side of his mouth.
John grins in fondness and looks away. When he looks back he answers, "It's Monday the eighth....of March."
“Yes, unless there’s something she shared with you and not me.”
“Mmm, I don't understand," Sherlock managed under the wicked assault.
He dropped his bag in the doorway and groaned. “Sherlock, you promised.”
“How much?” He asked quietly, pulling his wallet out reluctantly.
Sherlock shook his head rapidly. “I’m not.”
“I don’t think they have sheep in Canada,” Laila responded seriously.
have any condoms? You were on a date.”
“John,” Laila softly drawled, “he crashed our date with a handsome bloke who clearly had no idea why he’d been called to action, and then ran out the back to avoid confrontation after it blew up in his face.” She looked away and took a deep breath, but the continued. “I know you like to think of him as this amazing, mysterious figure. A sort of avenging angel, all mighty and impervious, but… he’s still just a kid. Underneath all that blase attitude, he just wants you to like him. And you do! The lack of understanding between you two is unbelievably absurd.”
Sherlock stared right back, reading John like he’d always done. He settled back against the padded seat, an arm stretched out casually, a small, knowing smile curving one side of his lips. John wanted to knock it clean off.
John frowned up at him. “Christ, I’m not
, but no, I’m not,” John was saying.
“Wait. Sherlock, bloody wait for a second.”
“That was one of the most dangerous men you’ll ever meet and not our problem anymore,” Sherlock growled as he scattered the parts with the toe of his shoe. “
John quirks a smile at Sherlock’s inquisitiveness, despite the memories that the question dredges up. “To me? Blood.”
“Afghanistan,” he finally breathed in answer.
John shrugged. “I’m not.”
He watched in rapt attention as Sherlock toyed with the bloke, poking him in random spots with the end of the pipe. He was having a grand time of it. Petrov blustered and shouted, made a few pathetic attempts at swinging his weapon but Sherlock easily sent his crashing into it with jarring effect.
“Oh.” He glanced around. “Is there a drinking game that doesn’t require alcohol, then?”
"I...I...you," he rattled off incoherently.
"I should think that was obvious," he stated dryly and then wedged his long thigh between John's legs.
"Greg."
He chuckled. “We already know what he’s going to say. Looks like the bloke has some spine after all.”
John thought perhaps he could casually knock the candle on their table out of its tiny crystal bowl and into Victor’s lap.
Sherlock waited for him to start but John seemed to be waiting on an answer to his question.
“Can I help you?” He repeated a bit slower.
“I don’t believe you. Prove it.”
“I don’t understand,” he croaked out. “You, you… never said. You never…”
Sherlock visibly sank and then immediately puffed up in such a vain way John felt his eyes crinkle with the strain of not laughing outright.
“Fuck, oh, fuck, yes,” he rambles at the ceiling again. It won’t be long now at all. Sherlock has already deduced how to hold his bollocks tight, tugging just so. John can feel his heels digging into the mattress, how his hips desperately want to kick forward. Sherlock seems to sense this as well. John looks down when Sherlock growls at him, which, if he wanted to last at all, is a mistake.
John shrugged casually. “Just being a dickhead. It wasn’t a big deal.”
Inside the confines of the police vehicle, Sherlock whimpered and slid down until his head met the cool leather material of the seat. It smelled of alcohol and sick but notice of it was tucked away in the background, as memory of why he’d gotten stupidly drunk on cough syrup began to surface.
They shuffled past the empty offices, clearly both nearing the end of their energy reserve, and sat heavily in the chairs in front of Greg’s desk. Sherlock reached out and snatched the tiny MU bobble head toy that sat on the desk and shook it petulantly. John tried not to smile and failed. Greg snatched it out of his hand on the way in and replaced it with a paper cup of coffee. Another was placed in front of John and, once he set the toy back in its place, sat down behind his desk with a huff.
“I’m going to say my peace and then I’ll go. You can delete it or keep it. It’s up to you.” He takes a breath and waits for any sign he's being heard. Sherlock won’t even look him in the eye, he's staring at a point just over John’s shoulder. It doesn’t matter, he needs to say it out loud either way.
The Globe unknowingly lost one of its greatest actors when Sherlock responded with, “No. Should I?” He could only hope John didn’t know MI-6 tactics on how to spot a lie by visual cues.
“Ah, I see,” she mumbles. “Well, it was nice talking to you. Don’t get lost now.”
happening.” He pointed up.
“Well,” John allowed his thoughts to coalesce into a more sensible line, “I don’t know a lot about you actually. You know what type of dinner I had by the way I comb my hair in the morning but I know hardly anything about you. Didn’t even know you had a brother until this morning.”
Sherlock gave a shrug. “Not much more to tell than that.”
John looked at Mary then, eyes glancing off the pistol in her hand, complete with silencer no less, and looked her right in the eyes. She smiled sweetly.
He found them, gesturing wildly at each other, Sherlock in the clothes he'd been in the night before, Laila in, god help him, John’s Rugby jersey, and little else...
“Don’t worry, I’ve got you,” John crooned softly, aware of the urgent state of things.
“Yes,” he drawled, certain he should feel insulted. “Fencing too, if you’d like a go.”
“Yes,” he repeated, quite breathlessly, which seemed odd.
John wants to say something equally as poetic, or at the very least, tease Sherlock for being so, but he can’t find the words to speak. Everything has boiled down to the hot feel of slick skin and places rubbed just right and hot breath on his lips. He checks another milestone off the list when he slides his hands down Sherlock’s flanks and grabs onto his arse for dear life. Such a bounty, he’s the luckiest man on Earth in that moment.
“Then what?”
“And since you’ve given up trying to teach me anything,” John pointed out, “I’ve got to study with someone.”
Nausea threatened to send John to his knees but he wouldn’t falter. He knew now that Sherlock had a past with this man, he needed to know if they had a future as well.
He gripped Sherlock by the back of the neck and pulled him forward; managing to paint Sherlock from pelvis to collarbone by the time he was done. Sherlock, throughout, watched wide-eyed and fascinated.
John coughed lightly and Sherlock shifted uncomfortably in his seat. His ankle gave a twinge but he ignored it.
John groaned around the enormous bit of flesh filling his mouth. His hand snaked down and squeezed at his cock to relieve some of the pressure there as he continued to force Bernard’s prick further and further down his throat. He imagined taking it up his arse about as easily as one would a baseball bat, and yet…
“Yeah,” he answered, grateful to be back on task.
John's anger deflated and he fell back onto the sofa with a groan. Laila walked over and sat next to him, gingerly taking his hand.
“I don’t have a learning disability.”
“So you’re saying it’s as simple as holding them in my hand?” John asked with skeptical eye.
“No, I-”
“I have to… I’ll just be a minute.” He got up awkwardly, seemingly unwilling to leave after such a debacle. “You’ll still wait, right?”
“Hey, Watson!” Someone called from behind. He waited for them to catch up rather than turn and look. His neck had cramped from passing out in the backseat of some bloke’s car the night before.
As soon as Laila hit the doorway, John snapped to attention. He stood, resolute, and announced, “I'm done playing games. No more manipulation."
“I’ve a, uh, a date actually. Laila finally got the nerve to ask me out and I accepted, so we’re going to see the new Tom Hardy thriller. She likes actions movies. Can you believe that? I really lucked out.” He chuckled, a forced thing.
Sherlock slunk back down, petulant to the end, and remained silent. There was a chance, John wasn’t sure, the lighting wasn’t the best in their corner of the room, but Sherlock might have been blushing. He stayed curled half away though, silent and sullen. John most assuredly did not use the time to study the curve of Sherlock’s waist to hip ratio.
"I never beg," Sherlock snarled and twisted away again.
Eventually, after a second of shuffling, Sherlock quietly admits, “That was my first time full stop.”
“What?” Sherlock queried, looking around for obvious items that might have jumped out at the unobservant man.
"Stop begging me to fuck you and I won't have to manipulate you into coming."
Sherlock seemed to find this hilarious. “Not a bad suggestion but no… I was thinking you could sing something.”
“Yes, obviously. And for good reason,” he spit at Mrs. Hudson, snarling at her as if she were Brutus to his Caesar.
“Why? Why do you trust me, you barely know me.” It really makes no sense, Sherlock could have dumped John anywhere on the road, or simply left him at the rest stop and to his fate, he didn’t have to align himself with John, and he certainly doesn’t have to trust him with his life.
John glanced up again briefly. Bernard looked like a choirboy and nothing like the man who’d practically wrestled John from the skinny bloke he’d been dancing with. He'd placed John’s hand straight onto his massive cock through his trousers; hardly the work of an innocent. John would forever remember the rush of a challenge not yet crossed off his mental list. He’d given a nod and they’d practically run for the loo. He was surprised he’d gotten the man’s name honestly.
They made it to the loo and Greg locked the door behind them as soon as it shut. He turned to find Sherlock sliding down the wall; his bum met the tile with a thunk and his chin met his chest heavily.
“Yes,” was all he could manage. The silence turned awkward and he hastened to fill it. “Did you decide to continue with lessons?”
John chuckled despite himself and rubbed at his nose with his sleeve. “I know what you’re doing.”
“What’s wrong with my outfit?” John demanded with a worried frown.
"C'mere. I'll make it better." John slid both hands under Sherlock's thighs and pulled him further down the bed, careful not to jostle him too much because of the wound. Turned out that thousand count bed sheets were perfect for man handling leggy, posh knobs into whatever position you needed them in. He leaned back down and, instead of biting, as Sherlock must have anticipated, laved at the very top of the crease of his arse. The man sucked in a shocked breath at the sensation and John grew bold. Two weeks in and they hadn't checked this off the list yet. John thought it a good a time as any to rectify. He didn't usually take steps in bed without Sherlock's express permission but he got the feeling they'd be negotiating the terms of this venture for hours if he asked, so he decided to skip that part and do as he pleased, damn the consequences.
“No?” Victor asked, hope obvious in his voice.
John was already shaking his head before he responded. “No, Sherlock. I never said-”
He leans in to whisper directly into Sherlock’s ear, “Because I’d like to snog you like it’s 1992 and I’d rather you were here for it.”
John glared at that. How he’d love to knock that smug little smirk right off Sherlock’s face. “I’ll show you old,” he threatened with a balled fist in the air.
John can see then where the boy gets his curiosity. For purely selfish reasons, and maybe a bit of boredom, John affects an American accent, “Ah, no, I don’t. Gotta find a woman to stick around long enough first.”
He’s not brought his clothes into the loo, they’re still sitting on the bed. His options are putting his old, dusty, sweaty clothes back on to go out in or wrap the too small towel around his hips and run for it.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed in agreement, trying like mad to play it cool. “I like the one with us handcuffed together.”
"All right," he agreed quietly. "All right. How about this?" He raised further on the bed, pulled the pillows up and then lay up against the headboard. He motioned for Sherlock to climb up onto his lap, which he scrambled to do. He sat flush against John's cock and he had to grip the man's long thighs like a lifeline.
John bit down, and not only did Sherlock repeat the noise, he thrust his hips forward in a desperate attempt to find something to rut against. John saw fit to help him by positioning his hips directly in front, and they both groaned at the contact. Sherlock found that if he slid down the wall a bit he could bring their cocks into perfect alignment.
John turned and gave a nod to Mike Stamford, his dorm neighbor, as he approached. He watched as Mike’s smile faded upon seeing John’s murderous face.
“If it makes you feel any better, I've already talked to Daniel and he's spread the word not to sell to Sherlock."
Sherlock let his hand fall with a thump onto the table and finally turned to look at John with a sceptical eye. “You expect me to believe it’s nothing to do with you defending your heterosexuality?”
John’s smile said he enjoyed this bit of knowledge very much. “Well, now you know. So there’s no need to be embarrassed. We were each other’s first.”
"Yeah, all right."
He watched as Lestrade pulled a first aid kit off of the security cart and snapped a cold pack for John to put across his knuckles. They both chuckled at something Lestrade said, whatever it was making John glance up at Sherlock with a smile. For some reason the easy camaraderie between the two set Sherlock’s blood to boiling.
“Not sure. I just need somewhere to rest my head until everything stops spinning.”
“Of sorts,” he admitted. “What do you think?”
A niggling thought occurred as Sherlock noted the sweat that rolled down John’s neck, the flush of his skin, the…oh…dilated pupils… Yes. John was, to use the crass colloquialism, gagging for it.
Despite his indignation John still tilted instinctively against him. Damn the man.
People on the street were staring but Sherlock ignored them in favour of listening to Mycroft type. Satisfaction overrode his irritation as Mycroft groaned, as if lifting his fat fingers to type was harder than using them to eat.
“No!” John shouted, louder than was warranted.
He keeps shoving it down until he can give a wan smile in return. "Yeah, I suppose. But I wouldn't say it was gay-"
John flinched. "Yes, apparently. It's daft, I know, but there it is."
Ice would have done the trick just as well but he was too polite to say. “Thank you. Next time you’ll have to have a steak ready for Sherlock’s eye.”
Sherlock follows the 'happy' couple to the pub, knowing fair well a showdown is going to happen. To the victor goes the spoils and Sherlock is prepared to win at all costs.
Janine gave a smart ass ‘okay' hand gesture and shooed Mary on.
So he does the unthinkable. He very slowly crawls into Sherlock’s lap and settles himself with his knees on either side of those slim hips. He gently lays his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, nose tucked into the crook of his neck. He can smell at least three different scents- cologne, after shave lotion and shampoo- from this spot. Mmm. And a hint of sweat as well.
“Finished,” he announced.
easy?”
, he thought acidly.
"Why?"
Sherlock jams his hands into his pockets, his shoulders up around his ears. "I'm not a trained monkey you know."
“Yes,” Sherlock hissed, voice already wrecked with both satisfaction and want. He thrashed, shifted this way and that, in an attempt to get his Belstaff off his shoulders while John had him pinned down.
a misunderstanding. Wasn’t it?”
“Then you better fuck me hard, John Watson,” he angrily swore.
Sherlock frowned.
“John,” he keened, some might have said wantonly, though they would surely be mistaken.
Sherlock watched as John puttered around in the kitchen, a new sort of warmth blossoming in the face of this domesticity. This was their home now. Their shared space. He’d succeeded in luring John into his web (possibly the wrong connotation but still apt) and now they would surely find a natural rhythm, a fusion of selves so seamless as to be irreversible. It was inevitable. Or, at least, Sherlock would make it so.
Sherlock blew his share across the table into John’s face and chuckled. “Mrs. Hudson.”
John nodded, feeling like an idiot all over again.
"Sorry, sir," Donovan quietly murmured.
Before Sherlock could even start to mount a defense, John was there. And how
“It sounds paranoid but when I came in after my study group her laptop was blaring this old time rock music.”
...and waited...
He shouldn’t have been surprised at John’s next move, but he was, he really was.
Christ, the kid was a snob. “Pills?” He certainly wasn’t smoking weed. Much too put together for that.
He rolled and reached blindly for the phone.
are bland. I just meant that I didn’t expect that to be your answer. Thought it would be something more exotic, like ocelots or tiger sharks or something.”
“Are you listening?”
“Yeah, you’d better,” the man agreed, waving John forward with a familiar smirk.
He turned further away from the kitchen and muttered, “Stop it,” teasingly into the phone.
“What?” He squeaked in reply, fidgeting in John’s grasp.
It seemed Laila had seen everything. Everything except
“With just my hand,” he mused next, teasing, feeling bold. “What would you do if I used my mouth, I wonder?”
“This ought to be good,” John mutters, eyeing the men outside before he turns and awkwardly raises his hands to reach for Sherlock’s arm.
"He's not caused a scene yet," she hedged, knowing full well it was only a matter of time.
“You’re right, you’re absolutely right. I can’t express enough how sorry-”
"Locked room, triple murder, or strange fetishist?" John teases.
Enjoy!
“What? She doesn’t want Oliver back?”
Sherlock gracefully stepped out of the cab as it rolled to a stop, not bothering to wait for John to follow. Lestrade frowned at John but met them and waved for Sherlock to follow him into the building.
John growled and gripped Sherlock by the cock in retaliation. He bent double on a gasp, before snatching both of John's hands and pinning them to the headboard.
“What?”
“Harder,” he growled, fingernails scratching pleasantly along John’s scalp.
Despite not making a bit of sense, John turned to do his bidding. Sherlock acted swiftly, dropping the crate, smashing it fantastically, then hitting play on the Bluetooth speaker in his pocket. The sound of buzzing was immediate but John had already turned at the sound of the wood shattering.
stupid." Molly didn't like the look of that Bridesmaid. It might be petty jealousy but she didn't think so. Something about the woman set off her instincts. Something familiar.
Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle with him. “What?”
“Impatient git,” he mumbled as he dug around in the blankets for the mobile.
problem?” John screeched, going red. “You seem to be missing the bit where you’ve basically been going about having a crush like a fourteen year old girl, and it’s somehow
information that Sherlock could pinpoint exactly what John’s learning type was, easily established between his note style and his reading comprehension, which was nil.
That bit of leaked information seemed to deflate Sherlock - cat out of the bag as it were. John found himself grinning at the berk.
“Oh, that’s it!” The man rushed at Sherlock with violent intent.
“Beth by KISS maybe?”
“Cause you pulled his hair like a girl,” he muttered to himself as he adjusted his cock to a more comfortable position in his trousers. It was still rock hard. “Blast.”
Sherlock wished a mound of dirt would roll over top of him and carry him away.
“Ask away,” he intoned regally with a wave.
Oliver deflates at this. “Yeah. But she hired you to contact me?” He seems cautiously hopefully.
John let his head land heavily against the stone edifice behind him. “Yeah.”
,” he said instead.
“I-” Sherlock seemed to hesitate and John couldn’t help but feel a bit smug at this information. Not only had Sherlock not run screaming from John, he’d practically begged to be kissed that night.
Bernard reached up and lay his hand over John’s, helping to wank him into his finish the way he liked. With a long groan he finally spent down the back of John’s throat. It didn’t seem an inordinate amount. Maybe he should be writing the shit down in a notebook or something. There didn’t seem to be any rhyme or reason to it.
Her eyes went wide and her hand came up, but before she could remark, John was already leaning over in his seat far enough to sock Sherlock in his shoulder, hard enough to nearly eject him from his chair.
“What the fuck?” Miller exclaims when Sherlock hands him the cuffs without looking, meeting Oliver halfway.
He was about to remind the man that he’d at least once invaded a small country but just then Mrs. Hudson flew out of her flat in a flurry of flour and indignation.
“You’ve no idea how often I’ve thought of this,” John mumbled the confession into Sherlock’s shoulder, licking a stripe across his skin, tasting him.
He gives a great sigh. “Lillian Barclay is Oliver’s estranged fiancée, British born, they met while he was there to establish a foothold in Europe. That didn’t work out so well and they together came back to America. She left him three months ago and he’s been unable to locate her. He’s desperate for word from her, not even motivated by revenge, just love. Refreshing, isn’t it?”
John mashed his lips together before responding. “What I see is he doesn’t want me, he just doesn’t want
John reared back. “Hey,” he prompted Sherlock to look at him, which he did. “
“John,” Sherlock tries and fails to say, his voice seems to stick in his throat. A lot of swallowing happens, and he seems to get frustrated. His head snaps back and forth suddenly.
“She’s getting a ride from Thompson,” he answered as they pulled out. “Wants to go over to Bokarov’s flat, see if they can’t tie him to Petrov’s Chechen contacts. Making the connection will wrap this case up.”
Sherlock seemed surprised by the question, his head tilted back towards John, but he answered readily enough. “Molly Hooper. Final year Forensics student. She’s got a key to the lab and lets me borrow certain… items, from time to time.”
“Where did you learn to fight? Primary school?” Sherlock taunted, bouncing on his toes like a damn kangaroo.
me?” He queried after a beat.
"He's showing off, you great idiot. He's almost always sporting beard burn when I see you two, but does he cover it up to save me the embarrassment of seeing it? Hell no. Cause he wants people to see. He thinks everyone is as observant as he is in this. I might have noticed but apparently you didn't." Greg smiled like a proud parent.
The rest of the walk from the carnival was a blur, Sherlock’s words echoing through his brain, as Scarlett went on and on about how rude and unbelievable that man was. John might have asked, had he been in his right mind, why she wasn’t impressed with the things Sherlock had gotten
“You’re in the Mojave,” a rumbling bass answers behind him. John whips around to find his mystery companion leaning casually in the doorway behind him. He goes on despite John’s gaping maw. “Annual rainfall is about five inches. Therefore unlikely.”
"What?" He looked down. "Oh, nothing aside from his preferred smoke."
“If you leave me here, that will be fine,” Sherlock murmured as they reached the loo.
"I don't know. Possibly your stanch refusal to have sex with me."
On his way home that night, or early morning, depending how you looked at it, he purposefully avoided wondering why he felt the need to engage in the sorts of acts he’d engaged in these last few weeks. He was having fun, he told himself, and as long as his school work was taken more seriously, no one could have any objections. Right? Uni was all about growing up, experimenting, finding out who you were and what you wanted, and wasn’t that what John was doing? He’d been having a grand time of it and he saw no reason to stop.
John had never let the opportunity to best Sherlock slip him by, and he wasn’t about to start now.
John ignores that. "So how was it done?"
“I don’t know,” she swirled her pinkie finger in her scotch and, in what was no doubt supposed to be sexual in nature, let the excess drip onto her tongue, “necessity is the mother of invention after all. Perhaps it’s a matter of breeding a better class of criminal.”
“I’m not sure which bit has you so confused, but if you tell me I’ll try to explain,” John offers.
"Talk about what?" Sherlock tried for irritation but it fell short.
Sherlock’s head turns toward John’s slowly, dragging day old stubble together, drawing forth long forgotten sensations. By the time there’s a hair’s breadth between them, John is starting to panic a bit. He’s never wanted something so badly, for so long, and had it so close. What if it was all hype? In his head? Wanting something and getting it were two different-
“I trust you to make sure that doesn’t happen,” Sherlock answers absently, also turning onto his side to watch John remove the bullets.
“Going to be one of those days then? Wonderful.” John rustled his paper angrily.
“Well, I won’t keep you, just thought we’d stop and say hello.” Sherlock smiled serenely.
“But you’re living together,” Mary, John’s ex, pointed out, halting Sherlock’s progress forward. They were talking about him, about Sherlock.
“Just the one, I think,” he panted. “Black coat, your height, angry.”
John laughed until he had to brace his hands on his knees.  Even Mrs. Hudson was snickering behind her hand.
“What, for god’s sake!” Sherlock snapped.
Mary is nibbling on toast when he walks in. "Morning, love."
“I’m not trying to hurt you, Mary. I’m telling you the truth. If the truth hurts then maybe it’s a sign, yeah?”
“What do you need? Tell me.” He bit at Sherlock’s jaw bone as he continued to mold his fingers and palm against his cock. It seemed to quite literally melt Sherlock’s knees; John had to prop him against the door with both hands to his hips. “How do you like it, Sherlock?”
Scarlett tugged him along, not unkindly, but with clear enthusiasm.
“Shall we move this to the bedroom, then? Give your old bones a rest?” He asks with a crinkle at both eyes.
Sherlock grunts so hard it’s like he’s had the air punched out of him. His eyes go wide and in the next instance John finds he’s being attacked by a tornado with arms. Grasping arms that apparently want him naked, sooner rather than later.
“Uh huh,” Sherlock drawled, and John could picture the exact look on his flatmate’s face. He had to stifle his laughter.
Sherlock felt as if he didn’t quite have enough air to breathe a response, as John’s question had sent warm air over the most sensitive bit of flesh in John’s reach. “I- If you- Yes…I suppose if you’d like…”
She looked down at him for about three seconds before she turned around without a word and marched off to finish the fry up, presumably.
Scarlett helped him shuffle forward and sat heavily with him in the cold metal seat. “See? That wasn’t so bad.”
“Sherlock. You just described a relationship."
“Should have factored the new variable in,” Sherlock replies darkly. “Stupid.”
He smiled back, slung an arm around her waist and introduced her to James. She charmed him right away, and there, thankfully, didn't seem to be any animosity between them.  John found he was genuinely proud to have Mary on his arm.
With his ear pressed lightly against the door, he listened to the telly drone on, but no other sounds issued forth. He glanced down at the chrome door handle and dared himself to peek inside. It was imbecilic, the worst mistake he could make, but of course he did it anyway. The lock picks weren’t even needed since the door was left stupidly unlocked.
“Oh! Of course, yeah, go be with your family. Is he all right?”
might,” he admits, shuffling closer into John and nibbling gently at his shoulder.
“I was going to wait until after, when you were asleep. It was a brilliant plan actually. I was going to wear the Maths teacher disguise and walk over to-“
Greg made to stand again; John was hopeful of rescue, but Molly snatched him back down again. Dammit.
“I don’t know what you want from me, you know,” John mumbled some time later.
“Perhaps you’re dissatisfied with the word disability? Honestly, there’s nothing to be ashamed of, John. It’s perfectly natural to learn at your own pace.”
“It’s late, Lestrade,” Sherlock interrupted before he could answer, “can’t we skip the formalities for tonight?”
"No, this is all backwards." He took Sherlock's clenched hands in his own and squeezed them to his chest. "You can't think I don't want you. No, god, I want you more than anything." Sherlock opened his eyes and his brows came down in confusion. John knew he'd have to explain eventually. A confused Sherlock was a persistent Sherlock. "It's not you, Love. It's just...I'm terrified I'll ruin it, that you'll hate it or that you'll grow bored with it, with me..."
“I’m not sure if I believe in hell,” John announced, “but if there is one-“
, for Christ’s sake.”
Sherlock is panting in earnest now. “I’m sorry, John, I wanted to do everything with you but I can’t. I can’t.”
He was busy peppering Sherlock's temple and cheek with kisses when the door was kicked in.
John thought Sherlock was an idiot but didn’t say so. He let his smile speak for itself.
Sherlock thought about slapping John and then kissing him and then slapping him again, consecutively.
John perks up instantly, hope flaring bright. “Yeah?”
“John,” Sherlock whinges, pleading.
"Jesus," he mumbles and reluctantly turns around.
John answered by gripping a fistful of Sherlock’s hair and pulling him backward with it. Sherlock’s back bowed with the maneuver and he sucked in a great, shuttering breath. John slammed into him with abandon, given free rein as it were. The desk was rocking dangerously, the pencil holder and various other detritus a lost cause.  When Sherlock fumbled for John’s hand, the one at his hip, and brought it around to grip his leaking prick, John knew he was close. He bent his knees, just enough to create a different angle and Sherlock’s breathes reached the point of being considered cries.
“Of course,” Sherlock nodded, “yes.” He didn’t want John to think he’d done something irreparable. Hell, if anything Sherlock had left his answer purposefully vague so as not to fully discourage him, but John hadn’t caught that, clearly. It seemed John was just as socially inept as Sherlock was. What a team they made.
“Hmm, no, don’t know him. I’d hazard a guess… 20
Sherlock let his eyes lids fall back down, shutting out the sight of John’s anger. He never meant for John to look upon him with such disgust - he’d actively avoided it if anything - but it seemed, yet again, he’d disappointed someone he cared about.
"Mary-" John tried to apologize but she cut him off.
“Partly,” Sherlock answered easily.
Before John could even utter a word, he stared in mute fascination as Laila went off, and they continued ranting at each other in Arabic. John hadn't even known either of them spoke it.
The two women looked at each other in exasperation.
“What?” John asked as Sherlock hopped into his shoes and flung his coat over his arm.
So what then? Admit the truth? Lie? Stand there until John got fed up and stomped off?
"Hey, twenty five year police veteran standing here," Greg announces.
“Well yeah. What other kind-“ John’s eyes widened as the realization of what Sherlock had initially assumed became clear.
"It wouldn't be hard to pull off at the reception. Open bar and all," Mrs. Hudson pointed out.
John looked to Scarlett again, to gauge her reaction, but found she was looking the man up and down. He couldn’t even fault her for it, there
"Ah!"
“Bloody expired!” John shouted back. He shoved it at Sherlock. “See? Bloody 2008! How sodding long has it been for you? These things are supposed to be good for something like ten years!”
“Oh, ta very much for that.” He scowled at Sherlock’s brother but the tit couldn’t be bothered to even look.
They continued to stare at each other until Bill finally cracked and let out a great guffaw. John growled and threw a pillow at him, which Bill caught easily, though he had to drop everything in his arms to do it.
He marched over. “Are we finished here?”
“Piss off,” John replied easily, “you’re going to have a splendid bruise tomorrow and I’m quite proud of that.”
Sherlock looked at John in dramatic confusion, as if to ask 'What could they possibly be doing that's taking so long?' John shrugged easily. Sherlock jammed his hands into his coat pockets impatiently and paced the pavement in agitation. They stood back from the road on the pavement, silent, petulant, until word came down from Greg that it was clear.
John took a steadying breath and wiped his sweaty palm on the bed sheet. How had he got himself into this mess? "It's the last big step for us, Sherlock. It's the most intimate thing two people can do together and I'm just," he took another shaky breath to calm his nerves but lost his train of thought when he realized Sherlock had stilled against him.
“Depends,” Sherlock answers. “How many bullets are left in that pistol?”
He processed the last two minutes again to see exactly where they’d gone off track. “You mean to say, like a crime fighting partner?” Sherlock eventually asked.
“You’re so wet. Jesus,” John murmured.
“You’re ridiculous,” John announces, his tone clearly stating how endearing he finds it.
Just before Mary closed the door, as Mrs. Hudson started pleading her case, she caught Janine with her ear to the door where her husband was having a go at his best man.
“Hush.” John held up a hand for silence. He nudged Sherlock out of the way so he could reach the bag, bouncing it in the palm of his hand as he weighed the pros and cons of the idea that had formed. “Roll another one,” he commanded darkly.
“Yes! Please.” Sherlock pushed back against that thumb, craving the sudden fulfillment of a more solid instrument.
John let out a breath from his nose and smiled. “Just… you, I suppose.”
“Git. Not all of us were rolling in it, you know. I had to share a room with Harry for three years! Thank god it was before puberty or we might have killed one another.”
“You should probably go to hospital,” John mumbled absently. “Lord knows what else that stuff was laced with.”
“Right.”
He comes in carrying the laptop. "The Petty Pugilist? Really?"
The head, particularly the corona, of John’s cock rubbed just right over Sherlock’s hole, stimulating and just hinting at what Sherlock could only hope, with a short trip to the corner shop, he’d have in store. He was in no way under control when he started pushing back urgently, which, again, rolled his cock against the wet spot he’d just created. Somehow, perhaps because Sherlock so rarely partook, he was getting harder again by the second.
His eyes widened at that. “
“So,” John rocked nervously on his heels, hands behind his back, “what do you think? Museum worthy?”
“What did you say?” The imbecile growled.
Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it, so he backed away and closed the door behind him.
Sherlock picked up and casually fiddled with a magazine. It was upside down. “Nothing
It hit John like a ton of bricks then. Between the liquor, what had happened with Sherlock and the shock of finding out his relationship with Mary was a lie based on revenge, he'd forgotten just a few short hours ago he'd planned on spending the rest of his life with this woman. John felt like he'd had the wind knocked out of him. Mary quickly snapped him back to reality.
“You were distracted with attempting badly aimed punches,” Sherlock teased.
“But…” The kid, whose name escaped John, didn’t matter either way, looked baffled. He had, in fact, seen John at Tailspin last night, but John wasn’t about to own that to a practical stranger yet. Unless this was the bloke whose car he’d woken up in. He glanced over. No, that one had been a ginger, this one was blond with a lip piercing- not really John’s thing.
“Not as long, I assure you.”
“Thank you.”
"I'm sorry, come back. Really, sorry," he calls out to her.
ants were fascinating creatures, no mind that they would crawl into the freshest of their already low amount of fresh food and spoil everything.
“Ah!” John bolted up when the pile of coats rumbled back at him.
“Not to worry, not what you think. Just on the outside.”
"Typical," Sherlock muttered. John slapped a hand onto his thigh in reprimand.
He held up a hand, unable to even look at Sherlock in that moment. “I need time. Just… give me some time.”
Before he could answer, the door to the bedroom opened and bathed them in garish light. Those beautiful eyes blinked against the harshness. He looked up at John for a few precious seconds and then he was gone.
John, using the momentum from standing, plowed into Sherlock, who quickly found himself on his back, his head just barely missing the concrete floor as John came down on top of him. They grappled, Sherlock doing his best to restrain John, to keep his fists from finding their mark. It was blind fury on John’s part, inexact but still efficient, in a bar brawl sort of way.
“I did?" He glanced at John, ready to apologize, but the look on John's face stopped the words in their tracks.
been able.
“Oi, Freak,” Sally called out. Sherlock stopped but didn’t turn. She took it as enough of an acknowledgment. “Don’t go taking the law into your own hands again, yeah? If you find them, don’t engage, just come find us.”
She slyly asked.
“Yes.” It had been awhile since he’d had to explain it to anyone. “I’m blessed, you might say, with an eidetic memory. Perfect recall if you will. But occasionally my brain needs maintenance, clean up. I get rid of useless information to make room for more important things.”
“Of course. I’ve wanted you for years, remember? If you think I’m not completely overwhelmed too, you’re mad.”
“We’ll figure it out, together,” he whispers back against Sherlock’s temple. “But never doubt that here is where I chose to be. With you, always with you.”
John beamed, clearly impressed. “Wow, that’s just incredible, Sherlock.”
Sherlock did some amalgamation of a nod and a shake of his head. “No! It could be, it could be that night.”
She grunted again, apparently trying to indicate she’d like the rag removed from her mouth. He untied the knot at the back of her head, doing his best not to pull her hair out, and then gently pulled the cloth free.
mad that you didn’t figure it out sooner, are you?”
“What?” Sherlock asked, barely a breath forming the word.
The familiar scent of tea blows across John’s face, so for a second he‘s disoriented, unable to parse the words. His first thought is,
The answer was immediate.
John stared, completely bewildered by this overly vehement response. Were they even having the same conversation? John’s suddenly racing pulse thought not.
He was interrupted when the alcohol in his system caught up with him and his top half miscommunicated with his bottom. He ended up sprawled half on the coffee table, half on the floor. John didn’t even try not to laugh.
doing?"
“I ordered a bottle of the 2008 El Gran Enemigo Petit Verdot, if you’d like to share,” Laila offered. She was a ridiculously good actress. One would think she actually welcomed them there. John supposed, in a way, she did; if only to goad Sherlock into acting out.
“Good. How do you feel about Sussex?”
“Which one?” He asked in a flat voice, knowing Mycroft would understand that the time for games was over.
“Right," John agreed softly, absently, eyes glued on Sherlock. “Do you think he needs...someone?"
“It was either that or start a blog,” John cuts in softly. “How did you get military though? Maybe I’d been hit by a lorry.”
She smirked and ran a hand through it, puffing it up a bit. “You like?” She queried with a chuckle.
John’s anxiety stops climbing, seems to hold steady. He’s already put his faith in Sherlock’s massive intellect, his vast wells of ingenuity, as stupid as that might turn out to be.
"If it makes you feel better, I can pretend like it was today when you yelled through the door like a teenager caught with this first lad mag."
John squeezed his eyes shut and dug his blunt nails into white skin. "You'll be the death of me. I'll never survive."
Sherlock groaned in frustration. “Later, I’ll explain later.” He thrust his bum at John as a not so subtle hint to continue. The pillow in Sherlock’s grip would have to be replaced, as he was fairly sure he’d already shredded the memory foam irreparably.
He felt the answering snort from John. “Yes,” he nibbled some more at the fleshy bit of his shoulder, “delicious, you are.”
“Oh, you!” Mrs. Hudson’s hands came down on her hips, the very picture of scolding, before whacking Sherlock on the arm. He flinched away from the blow with a chuckle, though it couldn’t have fell hard enough to move dust.
"Yes! Yeah, for sure."
John gave his best intimidating scowl but it phased his flatmate none whatsoever.
Sherlock grins but doesn’t answer. John scowls but doesn’t comment. He’s not really disappointed, just...oddly flat about the whole thing.
John heaved a sigh and tugged him up and out of the car. They stumbled a bit but John got him around the middle and drug him into another waiting vehicle.
“But you called me for a reason,” he interrupted.
"If we could somehow get them to talk," Molly mused. "We know they would. If Mary didn't exist, if Sherlock had never left, if the last two years
He ran through several scenarios before coming to a decision.
John tugged on his coat. “All right then.”
John licked a stripe up Sherlock’s cock and, no hands, managed to get the thing back into his mouth. Sherlock went back to panting and squirming, this time his heels digging into John’s back as he pulled John closer. It was quite easy, John noted, to suck at Sherlock’s prick no hands when he was so hard his foreskin was fully retracted. Sherlock seemed to respond most when John sucked hard at the tip, so he concentrated there, only alternating to roll his tongue around it, letting his saliva pool enough to make the wettest bed to rut against. Before long Sherlock’s loud panting turned into loud groans, and then louder, urgent cries.
“You remember all that?”
To make matters worse, he could hear Mrs. Hudson downstairs puttering around the foyer. And the door was hanging wide open.
The kid gave him a ‘well?’ look and instead of being put off, John laughed. He received a small smile in reply.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder, John was going down to one knee, bringing himself level with Sherlock’s raised arse. Logically, he had prepared himself for this eventuality, had planned and welcomed it in fact, but the first whack of John’s open palm across his arse was like being shocked by an electric fence.
John had a problem with issued challenges. He was as bad as Marty McFly getting called a chicken.
John’s face fell, his whole frame really. “It’s his birthday,” his voice cracked pathetically.
He was handsome, in an obvious, posh sort-of-way. His hair was blond, tamed with enough product to make Sherlock jealous, with bright blue eyes that, despite their guileless shine, John immediately despised. Beside each other, Sherlock and Victor looked like light and dark versions of each other. It was enough to make one sick.
“Good enough,” she muttered and dug into her steak tartare.
John looked far from being put off. He was silently laughing his arse off against Sherlock’s chest. They both heard when she shut the door and descended the stairs back to her flat.
He frowned down at his watch. Two in the morning; the clubs would be closed now. Sherlock had not only been robbed of watching John at his craft, he had wasted precious time that could have been used gathering saliva samples. Why had John broken his routine? It made no sense, not logically at least. That meant it must be some emotional angle Sherlock couldn’t grasp. But he hadn’t caused it, had he? Was it that upsetting to John, Sherlock supposedly not remembering? Sure, Sherlock had been the first after John’s break from Mary, but that must mean very little in the grand scheme of things. He’d already deduced that from John’s actions of late, what with the myriad blowjobs and all.
"What?" John looked up in exasperation.
“No good, not cold enough,” John replied as he moved a bottle of frozen children’s pain medicine, knowing full well that he’d reached the point of not flinching at Sherlock’s madness.
Sherlock grinned.
Sherlock ignored the way John’s ears turned red. “At ten thirty at night?” He drawled.
They turned collectively to the closest officer, who, noticing the sudden attention, meandered over.
John groaned into his hands. "Christ," he moaned pitifully.
Mycroft sighed. “No, Sherlock, I didn’t. No need to thank me. Just keep yourself alive please. I’m sure they would appreciate you seeing your nineteenth birthday.”
“I suppose,” Sherlock agreed.
“Oh.” He glanced up, feeling even more awkward with the turn in the conversation. “Well, I don’t have much to offer but-“
John snapped and charged forward.
‘Crying?’ John mouthed silently in confusion. Why in the bloody hell would he be crying? He clearly wasn’t. Yes, his voice did sound shaky but if he really was it was highly unlikely he would admit to it. John thought back to a moment, about five years back, when his sister had almost burst into his room while he was watching How to Make an American Quilt on the telly. He actually
excited to play.” John smirked.
John scoffed as if insulted, which Sherlock found odd.
mad at you.”
“Good morning, dear,” Mrs. Hudson greeted John. Sherlock flinched even though he was well away from being caught out. “Oh, you didn’t sleep on the sofa, did you? Terrible for your back.”
Sherlock’s head rolled to look at John. “No.”
“I… I didn’t mean it.”
“Hmm,” he hummed, eventually conceding, “I suppose that counts.”
Sherlock watched, wide-eyed in partial shock, as John reached behind himself and, sight-unseen, worked at his opening. Sherlock breathed heavy at the sight of John’s eyes sliding closed in pleasure, the way he obviously knew what he was doing. God, had he been doing that upstairs this whole time? The thought sent a bolt of sharp lust right through Sherlock’s middle.
Sherlock heaved a great sigh and gave in, his resolve not near as strong as it should be, would
“I might have a radical solution.”
“Oi, he’s his own man,” Bernard was trying to argue, but Sherlock tuned him out.
“I haven’t the faintest. He speaks French when he’s upset or distracted.”
“Normally I wouldn’t advocate this, but… you ignore it.” She dropped her hands into her lap in frustration. “He’s just talking shit. He’s scared, John. Everytime he fucks up and you get mad he loses a little bit more confidence. I can tell. I mean, the cough medicine incident, c’mon.”
“Um,” John nervously licked his lips, a trait Sherlock was coming to abhor, “Introduction to Biology.”
John knows his face is conveying just what being called out has done to him when Greg looks ready to backtrack, so he does the only thing he can and simply walks away.
Eventually Sherlock pulled back, enough to look John in the eye. “Would you really have stopped?”
Sherlock looked up, suddenly sure he'd blow it somehow. “Why? Did you not… Was last night not…satisfactory?”
"Mary, dear," Mrs. Hudson greeted sweetly. "Top off?" She jiggled the bottle of hundred quid scotch.
“Why did you think I didn't want this?" John demanded roughly.
John clutched the coat to his chest and made off with it like he had the crown jewels. John knew the kid from last night was smart. If he cared to come back for his coat, and John was sure he would, he’d have to come to John to get it, and he was clever enough to work out who would have taken it. All he had to do now was wait.
Sherlock felt his lips tug to one side. He cleared his throat. “Not sure the Louvre would take them but…” He glanced up briefly and admitted, “I would frame them.”
“Of course. That was like a magic trick. Wait, did Mike put you up to that?”
John dodged the first swing but Sherlock connected with the follow up, snapping John’s head to the side. He didn’t wait for John to try again, Sherlock grabbed him by the jacket and swept him to the ground, intent on beating John until nothing hurt except his fists.
dramatic.”
“I asked you about the guy Sherlock’s with now. What does he do?”
He ran back out for their dinner, most of which was still salvageable. Sherlock’s broccoli had ended up in John’s stir-fry but it wouldn’t take much to figure out. A lone egg roll had lived up to its name and rolled right out into the street but other than that it was all accounted for. He ran the bags back inside, up the stairs despite Sherlock’s cry of indignation, leaving them on the kitchen table then going back for the overgrown man-child.
John’s nose scrunched up adorably. “Are you really hung up on the pronouns? For Christ’s sake, ‘Ain’t no sunshine when she’s gone, this house just ain’t no home.’ Who do I live with, Sherlock? C’mon, I thought you were a detective.”
A look of smug accomplishment fell over Sherlock's face. "Really?" He teased the head of John's cock against his entrance and John hissed.
The bloke laughed down at him and John let out a snort to see the man was clearly teasing him. “Yeah, probably best not, right? Tear your little arse right up, it would. But I do love to watch them stretch.”
Molly shook her head, and then leant in to whisper, "He's livid. Told me last week he's protesting."
Eighteen? John, himself, was only twenty-one, not much older, but the kid looked about as experienced as a Year Ten, which was what counted. “Really? I don’t believe you.”
John finds an obvious flaw in his companions plan. “Seems kind of stupid, don’t you think? Going back for it?”
“Are you crying?” Sherlock asked against John’s mouth.
“I hate him,” Sherlock announced, as if John hadn’t already figured that out.
“Too late now,” he drawls smugly. “I let Soo dump the plates.”
John cackled and Sherlock waved at him to be quiet as they listened for her reply.
“No. You wouldn’t have even made it to MP before you quit. You would have run off to become a dog walker in New Zealand or something equally ridiculous.” John laughed at that. “Glad to see this concoction of drugs hasn’t dimmed my ability to read people. Could be sharpening them if anything.”
“No,” Sherlock whispered, barely audible. “I never did.”
John, who, judging from the faint shifting of the ancient floorboards, was currently just waking in the room upstairs.  John, who had come back last night, after Sherlock had assumed to never see him again, to announce his intent to stay. Sherlock hadn’t been sure he hadn’t dreamt the whole incident until just now, as the sound of John rolling out of bed made it real.
Greg slapped a hand on his back and leaned in to mutter, "No one gives two figs about it but you John. Or have you not noticed that Sherlock has stopped wearing his scarves lately?"
Mycroft wasn’t the only one who had access to CCTV.  Sherlock’s was just a tad less legal.
pout.
Sherlock shrugged, jamming his hands in his pockets, embarrassment forcing more and more blood under his skin, as if he needed to showcase it.
Sherlock’s head snapped up at that.
“What kind of-“ He’d looked up from the drawer in confusion but whatever he was going to say was cut off when he caught sight of Sherlock naked in the bed. “Fuck,” he breathed.
am! You’re the one-”
She nodded. “Just after I left the flat yesterday. I was fairly sure he would react favourably but just in case, I had Daniel get in touch with some of his estate contacts. He shouldn’t be able to find anything harder than paracetamol in the greater london area.”
Either way he misses seeing Sherlock’s beautiful, tear filled eyes on him, so he puts a finger under the man’s chin and lifts his head until their eyes meet again.
“I knew it,” John announced smugly.
“Yes,” he snapped, the antithesis of appreciative. Greg, for his part, stayed thankfully silent on Sherlock’s outburst. In fact, the travelers all silently agreed to keep all opinions to themselves all the way back to the station. On the way out of the car Sherlock sent John a glare, as if to say ‘This is all your fault.’ John returned the look with an extra dosing of ‘If you know what’s good for you, you’ll keep your opinions to yourself.’ Captain Watson was not afraid to make a public appearance. He’d done it before to corral the consulting infant, he’d do it again.
“I mean, it’s not like I really care, you know.” John waited but Sherlock didn’t give any sign that he was listening other than a twitch of his shoulder. “You think it bothers me what people think about me, but, honestly, it really doesn’t. I couldn’t care less.”
“Fuck them,” she spit vehemently.
“Could be a drive-by,” John hazards a guess, “or just someone needing the loo.”
“What are you
Sherlock sat up fully at this, a concerned pucker to his brow as he stared John down “You’re right, John. Think of the ways a sniper could utilize such a vehicle!”
She coughed, working her jaw several times before she growled, “Benson. Tyler Benson. It wasn’t Daniel.”
The man’s six foot if an inch, rail thin, but with broad shoulders and a power walk that says he’ll plow right through you if you stand in his way. The wind catches in his bespoke jacket, whipping it out behind him, giving tantalizing glimpses of his trim waist and slim hips. John’s eyes are lasered onto the way his shirt plasters across his chest, the buttons practically screaming for mercy, so he doesn’t notice that the woman he’s been chatting up has noticed his distraction.
“Yes, she did. And that’s the bloody wisdom she chose to impart to me just as the cancer ate the last of her brain. Do you know what thinking you had died did to me? She did. She saw. Years had gone by and you still held sway, you bastard.”
“John,” he started but failed to follow it up with anything.
he going to do now? He had unwittingly been letting her steer his life for the last year, with school and friends and that, and now that he was free the only thing that leapt out at him was…
“Yeah?” He responded, as hesitant, if not more so, to avoid the possibly awkward conversation. Sherlock had already warned him off at least once. Twice if one counted the note he’d left after grabbing his coat, which John did.
“Been told it burns like hell at first but they’re always crying for more by the time I’m done with ‘em.”
“You sure know how to make enemies, is all I’m saying. Perhaps you shouldn’t have outted that girl to her father, you ever think of that?”
Sherlock didn’t seem to care so John hesitated in the doorway for an uncomfortable few seconds.
They couldn't go on like this, he knew. It wasn't fair to her, but if he let her go, John would have nothing. The right thing, the healthy thing, to do would be to cut ties with Sherlock. Move back into the dorm and never speak to him again.
John took huge, wracking, sobbing breaths, lips still busing against Sherlock's. "I didn't know. You never-"
“Hey, we, ah, heard a rumor-"
The arm at his chest presses down harder. John can feel his bones shifting, and thinks wildly,
“Yeah.” She tucked a curl behind her ear and smiled shyly.
“Oh, god, yes.”
John’s x-ray ended up taking something like an hour. Sherlock couldn’t stomach the wait, so he slipped into his mind palace to carefully record and store the night’s events. He desperately hoped tonight wouldn’t be their only case together, as John would indeed make an incredible assistant. He could just picture how amazing it would be to see John subdue a suspect, all his righteous kitten fury exploding onto some unsuspecting criminal.
Sherlock pulls away long enough to inform John that it’s been a very long time since he’s done this.
“Are you going to change the sheets?”
John twisted the stem of his wine glass and wondered how the night would play out. Would Sherlock even show up? If he did, would he make a scene? It would appeal to his dramatic nature, but he must also know John wouldn’t appreciate being made a spectacle of, surely.
John snapped to attention. “I’m sorry?”
“Oh,” Sherlock responded in surprise.
He chuckled. “Not with you. And even if I were allowed to talk about it with a therapist, I can’t trust a single one. No thanks to you either.”
He opened his mouth to ask outright, but before he could, something plinked off his head. He reached up and pulled a plastic stir-stick shaped like a cutlass out of his hair. Confused, he looked up in the mirror and caught Laila gesturing wildly at him, clearly livid. Sherlock turned fully in his seat to scan the room until he found John.
Sherlock woke to find a middle aged ex-soldier wrapped up tight in his grasp, struggling to get away.
“For god’s sake, go away!”
John couldn’t help but snort. Laila nudged him with her knee, he knudged back.
Sherlock laughs but threats of being eaten in the night do nothing to stop him from checking in. John watches him walk away, pouting at the lanky frame; half in exasperation, half in sexual frustration. God help him if they have to share a bed. Christ, he should have thought about this!
“Sprained?”
“Now, let’s get him up. Quickly,” he snapped when the accomplice started shouting in Russian.
It takes him a bit to catch up with Sherlock, the long-legged git, and when he does he receives a scowl.
John interrupted, “Art in the blood is liable to take the strangest forms.” Sherlock cocked his head, sure he’d heard that before. “You said that once, during a case, I forget which one. I liked it. It was strangely...poetic. For you, I guess.”
Sherlock actually laughed. “Not
“Go,” Laila shoved at John to follow them.
now. Jesus Christ. John had sucked off a seventeen year old.
“Oi, you fucking long-legged berk, help me up!” John snapped.
“Okay, fuck, I’m ready. So, so ready. Are you? Can we?” John growled, attempting to extricate himself from Sherlock’s grasp.
“Not coming down, then?” He asked.
“Oh, well, excuse me! Least I acknowledge her existence, Mr. I-don’t-have-family-until-the-landlady-brings-him-up.”
“Oh, that’s comforting,” John replies dryly. “Do this a lot then, do you? Piss off drug cartels.”
“Maybe he didn’t find the Reichenbach Falls, just painted another one,” John quipped.
“John,” she leaned in lovingly, “didn’t you say you saw a flat for rent near the cafe? Did you get the number?”
“Why me?”
"Agreed," Sherlock replied. "How important is it that we catch him alive?"
John responded by leaning forward and biting Sherlock’s ear. “It’s not pillow talk until
He twists his wrist, a motion that says 'you wouldn't be interested.' "Polystyrene," he answers vaguely.
“Bye, John,” they both called out together from the back room. No doubt Laila was already confirming his bisexuality to Beth. He could just picture them snickering together. It actually didn’t bother him all that much.
“So,” the brother-in-law drawled, one eyebrow up in disbelief, “
“Piss off, Sherlock.” Without glancing in John’s direction Victor walked away.
Sherlock gave up trying to rush her away now that his reason for doing so was made pointless. John moved forward to take the box from her and set it in the kitchen.
Sherlock was smart enough not to look at John as he blatantly lied about the timeline. John was smart enough not to correct this fallacy. His conscience would take the hit easily, he couldn’t risk them arresting Sherlock. They might be able to chance Mycroft pulling some strings but if it could be avoided altogether, all the better. Avoiding a trial meant avoiding perjury after all.
“John, cover your eyes!”
“Jesus Christ!” John cried out at being displaced.
He could feel John grin against his skin, a perfect impression of his matching happiness.
"Oh, that was one time!"
“What are you doing, John?” He queried, irritated by the wiggling.
John stared for a second longer than he normally would, watching as Sherlock expelled blue-tinged smoke slowly from his lips. Watched transfixed as it curled around Sherlock’s throat and chest as it crawled down, down into his lap. The rest was blown against the end of the joint to send ashes to the carpet.
“How does that feel?” He growls. “Feel like a ruined moment to you?”
"Greg, where are we going?'
"It's all right. I just, uh, well...it was quite an image." Molly wouldn't look either of them in the eye.
Greg clapped him on the back again. "Glad to hear it, mate."
The father looks down at his son and then over to where the boy’s pointing. “Oh, leave the guy alone, Jake,” he mumbles, clearly used to the boy’s curiosity. “Jen, take the kids inside while I finish pumping, they’re at it already.”
“What happened?" The man answered immediately, no greeting.
Dust kicks up on the road, he can hear the grit scattering across the asphalt, and John thinks it’s such a lonely sound, but then there’s no accompanying sense of melancholy he’s come to expect. Perhaps he’s finally killed that vague sense of desolation. Or, rather, Sherlock must have done it. He can’t think of anything more lonely than standing by himself outside a motel in the Mojave Desert, neon sign flickering above him, pitch-black all around, and yet…
Silence greeted him on the other end. Had he really surprised the great and powerful Mycroft Holmes?
“I’ve managed to survive this long without you, John, I’ll keep until tomorrow.” He brushed past John and back into the hall, slamming the door to the loo hard enough to rattle the medicine cabinet.
“You hate to care,” John pointed out.
“I tried to call, you didn’t pick up.”
“Ta da!” She exclaims with a bright smile. “That should hold ya for a bit.”
"One low life thug who won't be kidnapping girls and selling them on the sex slave market," Sally pointed out.
“We’re on cell regeneration. I’m fairly behind, apparently. My notes are, um,” he shuffled, “incomplete.”
“Sex-hair?” John cautiously asked. She had indeed done something to the back of her head.
“Stupid,” he muttered to himself, opening the front cover, flipping through the pages until he reached the damning evidence that had ruined everything.
A thousand apologies if you were expecting more smut in this chapter. None to be found here, sorry. Sherlock is much more into keeping his wits about him around John. And impressing him with his intelligence, of course, which is why I included a tiny case. Hope you like.
wait."
"John," he whined back, seemingly on the verge of tears. An act, he was sure.
Before John could even blink, Laila was up off the sofa and striding down the hall. He called after, ready to yank her back if necessary, but she held up a hand, stern and serious, as she stopped outside Sherlock’s door. John waited, nervous and unsure.
be him, but he’d never presume. He did catch John staring though, just behind him in the door’s reflection.
“You’d better not be lying about Lillian,
In true Sherlock fashion, John found himself inconvenienced by the man doing whatever the hell he wanted, which was to snap his hips, thrusting his cock in and out of John’s mouth without care of choking him or appreciating John’s technique. He had to slam his right forearm down across Sherlock’s lower abdomen in an attempt to control the bastard, little good though it did.
"That's a new one."
“Yeah, mate, he is."
Sherlock rushed forward and pinned John to the door with a wet kiss, his hand came down instantly to rest against his erection. John groaned in surprise, with only a few short seconds of baffled acceptance, before he gripped Sherlock's fragile wrist in hand and pushed him back. He caught Sherlock's stunned expression. Honestly, the man looked like he was going to cry.
Sherlock studied her while he sipped his soda. It was disgusting but John enjoyed it, and anything that reminded him of John was enjoyable. Usually.
John, in his anger, seemed to have pressed Sherlock tight in his grip, to the point where the man flinched and sucked in a pained breath. John immediately let go but could not look away from those hateful pinpricks, the evidence of Sherlock’s self-destructive behavior.
“That you’re not going to force me into some wild situation just so I’ll bend you over my knee or something ridiculous.”
“No, I was just asking, I didn’t mean-“
“Of course,” Sherlock responds, a frown between his eyes. John laughs because he probably thinks everyone has that type of memory and just choose not to use it. “Their patterns are very distinct, John,” he explains.
When she smiles, with shared understanding of Sherlock's tastes, John has to stamp down his first instinct to lay claim.
He flinched when Sherlock’s smirk turned into a full blow grin, which was when his dignity finally kicked back in.
Molly snickered but Greg shook his head again. "No good. I've found them in closets together. As far as I can tell nothing came of it."
“Why I suddenly find myself following you to a possible murder.”
“You snorted something you got from someone named Wiggy?” John asked slowly, incredulous.
Sherlock made an inarticulate noise, a whinge he wasn’t afraid to admit at this point; John merely laughed. He squeezed Sherlock’s wrists in his grasp once, pressing them into the mattress as if to say ‘be still’. Sherlock obeyed, but just barely. He was curious as to John’s plans.
“Let me think,” Sherlock mumbles, staring at the ground.
“He thought dating me would garner attention here in London, get his name back on the map as it were, to rebuild his empire here at home. A futile hope, since I’d ruined his family name nearly twenty years ago. And since he’d never have enough to entice me away...”
"I want to say 'unbelievable' but this isn't the weirdest thing we've come across," John says.
“Who said? The dealer?”
Sherlock held out his glass and John’s answering smirk as he poured was slow but heartfelt.
John licked a wide stripe along Sherlock’s tailbone and Sherlock yelped. That answered that question.
“Well, that’s good.”
“You…”
Sherlock snorted. “If you’re going to fight like a street urchin, I’m not above a few dirty tactics.”
“What are we doing exactly? You can’t think Greg isn’t going to notice we’ve slunk off. I’d like to spend tonight in our bed, not a cot in a cell, if it’s all right with you.”
John went as far as to shove Sherlock sideways into an alleyway. It took a moment for Sherlock to right himself but once he did, he moved to step around John. He wasn’t going to let John get to him. He wasn’t!
“Splendid.” Sherlock ops for the same and together they head for the room. “I’m assured the towels are newly washed. What do you suppose
"Seriously, Greg, I didn't mean it like that."
He'd expected to be shoved off right away. Punched, kicked, clawed at.
“Really what?” John asked, confused.
“Nothing,” he announced casually. “Are you saying you think it’s too sudden, then? Moving in, helping me with cases? Or is it because we became intimate? Because I’m of the opinion that we work well, in all areas.”
What he
"You used to drive
It was simple, walking out the door, making his way down to the street. What was harder was knowing anything could happen now that he wasn’t there to supervise. Sherlock had made it perfectly clear that he wasn’t needed to supervise, that he was more than alright with John leaving them alone.
John fell into it, eyes closed, no real attempt at technique. Somewhere along the way he started feeling everything he’d worked hard not to these last few weeks. The way his stomach clenched when Sherlock shut him out, how hollow he felt when he heard Sherlock puttering on downstairs as John lay in bed, that ache when he thought of something he’d liked to have shared with Sherlock but was unsure of his welcome. He was so tired, so bloody tired of denying himself, holding his tongue, pulling back when he wanted to run headlong into oblivion. Did John not deserve love? Didn’t Sherlock? Maybe John should try harder to make his desires clear…
“I don’t believe you need any help with your ground game, such as it is. If we could stick to hand to hand combat, that would be preferable.”
“What’s your favourite animal?” John asked suddenly, to fill the silence.
They’d been walking, sharing a memory, laughing; a simple thing, a lovely moment, before it all went to shit...
John blinks at the mad man on his bed. The practically-naked-except-for-the-laptop-in-his-lap mad man on his bed. Instead of indulging Sherlock’s lunacy, John instead ops to grab his bag and move it to the opposite bed, all the while he can practically feel Sherlock’s pout aimed at his back as he one-handed pulls his pants and vest from it.
John, naked as the day he was born, sunk down to his knees, shoved Sherlock back against the chair, and moved to continue where he’d left off. Sherlock stopped him with a hand to his chest, and when John looked up, Sherlock pulled him forward into an intense kiss, one that left him reeling.
“What?” Sherlock asks when he sits back down.
John struggled with getting him inside, Sherlock proving himself more a hindrance than a help John was fairly surprised when Mrs. Hudson didn’t wake up. Getting him up the stairs was a trial in patience, especially since John wasn’t anywhere near sober. The git was surprisingly heavy for such a skinny thing and his insistence that he could do it himself at every stair wasn’t helping. Eventually, they managed to get inside the flat
“I’m glad to see you’ve given up the atrocious nighttime forays. The club scene is so early nineties. Wouldn’t you agree, John?” Mycroft turned toward John for the first time.
John glanced at the poster announcing the price of admission and felt a frisson of unease skate down his spine. He wished he’d thought this plan out more thoroughly. It was so cliché, honestly.
Again, they both groaned when John’s arse finally landed in Sherlock’s lap. He stayed there for a moment, clearly adjusting to the feeling of being totally filled, while Sherlock merely sat there like a stunned creature in the presence of a predator.
He begged off when Scarlett questioned why he hadn’t gotten one for himself, blaming it on a bad tooth; opting for some hot cocoa instead.
“So have your parents,” Sherlock pointed out.
He brought his left hand back up and gently cupped Sherlock’s cheek. He ran a reverent thumb over one porcelain cheekbone and smiled.
“I’ll help if you wait,” John offered, feeling guilty. He hoped nothing was broken.
, it won't happen again," Sherlock delivered directly at John.
“Never fucking mind, shut up, I’ll do it.” Miller snatches Sherlock and proceeds to pat him down. John knows he’s in too deep when just the sight of this ponce touching Sherlock’s waist, hips, and thighs put him into kill mode. If John’s reading the look Sherlock is giving him correctly, he’s not being subtle about his feeling either. He tries his best to settle before the men notice his rage.
Sherlock dug in his pocket until he could grasp the small torch he’d stashed and handed it over. “You know, bats aren’t actually blind, that’s a fallacy.”
John chuckled until he saw Sherlock was serious. “What? Are you kidding?”
Sherlock thought if he were shot dead right then, he’d still be quite satisfied with the way things had gone. Until John confidently cupped the hard length of him in his trousers, because at that point Sherlock decided there was much he had yet to accomplish.
“No,” he responds, sounding insulted. “Idiots
“Christ, Sherlock. You could have… I don’t know. Come stayed with me.”
John huffed, set the pieces down, and leaned back.  “All right.”
They talked shop until the car pulled up to the kerb beside an estate block of flats, more run down than they'd dealt with in quite a while. They'd mostly taken small, high end cases the last few weeks, a phenomenon that wasn't lost on John, nor his libido. This was a bit different, a case Lestrade had begged Sherlock to take, and since there were kids involved John had made sure Sherlock contributed his vast skills to the cause.
He glanced up cautiously. “Mrs. H… You know we’re not- that we’re just friends, right?”
He tried not to stare as Sherlock’s long, elegant fingers delicately rolled the joint and then brought it to his lush mouth to wet, but a hard swallow bobbed John’s Adam’s apple anyway, despite his best effort.
“Just answer the damn question,” he snapped. She
He leant in and kissed the gaping maw of the man he loved most in the world.
“No, please,” Laila kicked out a chair, “stay. Have dinner with us.”
Sherlock nodded, looking thoughtful. “Very nearly. I wasn’t sure what it was at first. You’ve always been valuable to me, John, in one way or another.” He smiled at John’s less than thrilled frown. “But it wasn’t until I came back that I knew I’d lost the most valuable thing I’d ever been fortunate enough to find. That you still want me, want this, after all these years, all the mistakes I’ve made…” He shook his head in seeming amazement. “You are a miracle, John Watson.”
“When Bernard said we were loony, he thought we were together. Why?"
John traced, kneaded and caressed until he was so hard it was like palming steel.
Antoinette didn’t get a chance to argue or agree, as Mrs. Hudson interrupted.
They shook, firm and understanding. “Ah, yes, likewise,” he managed.
John, for his part is still stuck on the fact that a three year old had felt these things, but he can’t stop staring down at Sherlock’s earnest face, the way he’s trying to impart his feelings.
He could make something up but why bother. In reality he was going to look for a secluded spot in Regents and burn the stupid notepad until it qualified for his ongoing ash study.
“John,” Sherlock whispers, softly. Almost like he doesn’t want to spook him.
“Right,” Greg called back from the lift. “Lock up behind you.”
As she watched, John spotted a guest as he arrived, a man in full military dress uniform, and made his apologies to Greg before he made his way to greet the man.
, Sherlock thought.
“Oh,” the woman breathes, “aren’t you a long way from home, sir!” She grins at him like she’s found a rare and expensive jewel. He's never going to get over how easy it is in America to catch a woman’s attention. If the lads back home knew the truth in the rumour, they’d flock like seagulls - another British invasion. Too bad he’s hasn’t actually managed to pull one yet.
“Your cane. ‘Fraid you’ll have to leave it with me.” He pointed at other riders personal items.
John stared at him in shock. He knew his face was comically blank, but really, how was he meant to respond to that?
Sherlock blinked up at him. “Yes.”
Sherlock gave him a droll look. “Oh, I am?”
Mycroft finally looked over and locked eyes with John. That laser focus was possibly the only thing the brothers shared.
Greg stepped away from the tree, his shoulders back, looking ready to walk head long into battle. "We have to do something."
“You know, you look ready to pop already,” John remarked casually. “Maybe I should skip this bit.” Sherlock let John know what he thought of that suggestion with a look. “Okay killer, calm down, was only kidding.”
"I speak six languages fluently, at least three more passably. You can take your pick, I'll teach you anything you want to know. Or how about sciences? You're not bad with chemistry, I could teach you to help with my experiments. Would you like that? I would love to share that with you. Perhaps you'd be less inclined to throw them out if you were more involved, hmm?"
"Yeah, sorry, I'm really sorry. I'm just-" She blinks away more tears and laughs. "I guess I was more emotionally invested in that than I thought." Her eyes keep shifting to her friend and John has a sinking feeling he knows exactly why she was so invested in believing he and Sherlock were together.
John caressed lightly once, twice, before lifting up enough to ask, "Good 'ah' or bad 'ah'?"
And why didn’t she believe the rest that came after? Possibly because he’d impugned her honor, but he’d actually not said anything that Bill hadn’t said that first night.
He quickly dialed Laila and begged her to come over. “I don’t know what Mycroft will find but-”
John questioned even that; had to wonder if it all wasn’t part of the plan to lower his defenses.
“So, you never said,” John slurred, “how was your holiday?”
“Right,” John latched on. “It was thoughtful, if a bit…” The proper word escaped him.
Whatever else Sherlock blathered about was tuned out as John registered the man at his side through a film of red. Why did god hate John so? That was the only explanation for the foolishness we was currently witnessing.
Sherlock’s hand shot up, nearly giving John a coronary, and locked onto his wrist, keeping his hand firmly placed where curls were at their thickest. His eyes blinked open slowly and he looked John over with a not quite clinical assessment.
“Yeah,” he drawled, closing in, charmed despite himself, “though it could have been achieved without the product.” He nibbled her ear.
John pulled away, looking down at Sherlock with an amused smirk. “You should tip him.”
“But I feel fantastic.” He rolled back up and blinked his light colored eyes at John. “D’you want to kiss me?”
Another blow lands invisibly and John does his best not to flinch at it. It's not like it's untrue.
“Irene,” Sherlock acknowledged, giving her just a hint of a smile, despite knowing giving her an inch would see him dragged for miles.
“Oh, okay.”
He groaned, or one of them did, he wasn’t sure, and then John broke away briefly to tear his jacket off. He came back, smashing their lips together again, five o’clock shadows be damned, and then it was definitely both of them that groaned. John started tugging on his shirt front, and at first Sherlock thought he was trying to get it off, which seemed a strange way to go about it, but he soon realized John was trying to pull him out of the chair.
Sherlock responded by reaching up for another kiss. John laughed into his mouth before using Sherlock’s chest to push off, leaving him to take care of the fare while he unlocked the front door. He threw the fare through the window and ran after John, finding a trail of clothes leading up the stairs.
Instead of outing his partner then and there he called out, “We’ll be off out in a minute. I need to talk to Sherlock.”
"I'll be right there beside you," Greg agreed.
"That and others. I've got a viscosity experiment going at the moment that's coming along."
John was set free and found he was slightly annoyed at the lack of warmth at his ears. He looked at Mary, whose smile was teasing but whose shoulders were high enough to look proprietary. John chuckled at the thought.
“Oh, really? I
"Not like that, c'mere. Come up here," John panted, fighting orgasm valiantly, as he wrangled the lanky berk back up his body. It was like fighting an octopus.
So he was difficult, that was fine, as long as he could help John catch up with his school work he’d be grateful.
John ignored the third buzz of his mobile as he chewed on the inside of his cheek. The second time today someone was going to confront him, and dammit if he wasn’t exhausted already.
“What?” John asks, incredulous.
He scrambled to pocket his phone and stand before she rounded the corner.
Sherlock bit his tongue to recall the ‘obviously’ that almost escaped. John was already on edge, it was best not to push him too far just yet.
John laughs so loud Sherlock has to slap a hand over his mouth to muffle the sound. They both glance up to see if the mobster has heard but the man hasn’t moved from his perch on John’s rental. John peels Sherlock’s hand away. “That’s rather rude, you know? I was in a
“Yeah, there’s a reason for that,” Oliver snaps. “How do I know you’re telling the truth?”
“All right,” John begrudgingly agreed.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hums in agreement. “Enough that I wish it truly were 1992, if only for the shorter refractory period.”
The smell of degeneracy wafted past and Sherlock felt his eyes roll of their own accord.
“Uh huh,” Sherlock huffs. He couldn’t be more uninterested if he tried.
“Yes, John. Welcome to the twenty first century.”
“Yes, you’re very selfless,” Sherlock responded. He thought about telling John about the moment of near panic, when he’d almost given in, but it had turned out all right in the end, and Sherlock felt confident that it wouldn’t happen again, or if it did that he could handle it.
“Flying cars. Right? Everybody’s so keen on flying cars but if you think about it, it’s really a terrible idea. You’d be even more likely to crash without proper lanes.”
He’d need more to distract him than work and school.
John swore he'd never felt so intently shunned before. And Sherlock had once ignored John for two weeks straight for binning an experiment. He was sure it was the man's intent, since John couldn't seem to drag his attention away from Sherlock and Janine as they whispered and giggled barely a breath away. Why he was being such a berk John hadn't the faintest.
They piled into their cars and ran several lights to get to the refinery, not far, but Lord knew how far he could have gotten by the time they arrived. Donovan yelled into the radio, confirming location and updates.
“Run, John.”
“What happened, Sherlock? You promised,” John whispered after a beat. Or it felt like a moment to Sherlock, he couldn’t be sure.
“I wouldn’t need to coddle him if you treated him better.”
“I wasn’t ignoring you, I was
John growled. “Can ecstasy do this?” He asked and moved down to latch onto that long neck. He sucked hard, carded his hands into those dark curls and tugged just hard enough to tease.
“Maybe we’ll both be up for a challenge, huh?” Bernard growled low, leering.
John looked at her. “Why does everyone assume I’m in on the plan? Is it something about my face? You all think I’m a lot smarter than I
Mike and Molly both turned to look at Sherlock, back at each other, and then back at John. Both shrugged.
"Jokes on you when I'm no longer any use to you," he growled at the bastard.
"So I said to 'im," Greg burped, "this isn't the cargo bay, it's the loo." He pounded John on the back as he spilled a little bit of his beer on the floor. John laughed but he definitely wasn't drinking as quickly as Greg would like.
Yet again, Sherlock was dissecting what had once been a necessary bit of a human being on their kitchen table, regardless of John’s request to not do those things when he knew John was expecting company.
going to suffocate. He did pull away, just, but only to quickly latch on to that pale length Sherlock called his throat. He received another groan against his lips and bit down just a little bit harder on the expanse of flesh.
"You just keep glaring then, hopefully they take a hint. I'm going to get a take-away box." He gets up to go to the front counter.
Sherlock shook his head to clear it. “It’s not,” he soothed. “It will help with your cognitive recollection as well as help you visualize exactly what I’m trying to explain as we go over certain aspects.”
he thought as he pulled a square of gauze from his med kit.
"So...what exactly is the issue here? You've anally penetrated partners in the past, I assume none of them have gone screaming from the room...?"
John placed alternatively soft and wet kisses against his skin, the tip of his nose brushing the hair of his thigh with each pass. Sherlock’s cock, which had lost its vigour, perked back up at the attention to his lower half. Shivers raced up and over Sherlock’s skin at the lightest touches, raising gooseflesh and the hair of his arms. He couldn’t wait to to do the same for John, to explore his body in the same way.
John looked him over again with a different eye. The kid definitely looked pale but that could be normal for all John knew; it was hard to tell with the subpar lighting coming from under the door. He didn’t seem to be drunk but drinking wasn’t the only way to find oblivion.
“Huge breach of etiquette-”
And then she started to go off. John turned fully in his seat, wide-eyed and actually quite impressed at the drama of it all. It was certainly drawing attention. He glanced over to see if Sherlock was watching, because obviously that was the point, to find the very last thing he expected.
Sally answered a call and shot out of the car with a grin. "They got him." She pulled the radio and repeated the news to Greg.
“Yes.” Sherlock smirked and leaned in for more. John had to nearly fall on his arse to get away.
He can just make out Sherlock’s eyes, the way they scan him, looking for tells. “Not if you’re hiding something. Not if you’re distracted by something.”
Janine grinned from ear to ear. "It would be my pleasure."
The Inspector turned at the sound of Mary's voice and practically yelped upon seeing her standing there.
“It’s not clear,” Sherlock hedged. “I remember getting into the cab and… you… not being thrilled with my actions. But I don’t remember arriving or getting into bed.”
“Fuck, you’re amazing, keep doing that,” he muttered as he pulled the jumper over his head and tossed it.
John blinked at that. Strangely tame, considering the vastness of Sherlock’s mind. Not to mention unimaginative since John had just given a musically inclined dare.
"What a mess. Sorry," he mumbled, not really caring, just being polite.
John thought maybe he was blushing but
“I’m going to turn the light out and sleep,” John informed him. “Care to join me?”
“What else would you want, Sherlock?” He asks and then sucks two long, musicians’ fingers into his mouth.
“Here. If it’s something you’d be interested in, this is the information of the best tutor we have here on campus. Though his actual location is just off site.”
“Do you really think you’re the only thing keeping me going?”
“In hospital after an injury, you berating me for getting myself hurt.”
A weary sigh travelled the line and then a droll voice responded, “I should have gotten you both a dog for Christmas. A bloodhound or a spaniel perhaps. It would have saved me time and energy.”
John sputtered. "
The kid stared, looked John up and down with strangely sober eyes, and pursed his inappropriately full lips.
John took the opportunity to pull his jumper over his head and tug his trousers off. He was a right mess, sweaty and practically shaking. Hopefully his partner didn't notice his lack of composure, it would ruin the effect.
“You are.”
Sherlock's chin rolled on his chest so he could look at Greg. "I think I'm drunk."
but it wasn’t any less groundbreaking for all that. John held himself aloft, careful not to grind down on top of his friend’s sensitive bits, though he was desperate to ease the ache. If the thrust of the tongue in John's mouth was any sign, the bloke was willing and prepared to reciprocate, but John didn’t want to assume.
“I assure you, Lillian has contracted me to follow you and report back on anything I find. You’re a hard man to track,” Sherlock admits.
have no survival instinct. You’re like a damn honey badger.” He giggled at that thought.
His tone spoke volumes and John didn’t miss his meaning. “If I wanted him dead, not even Sherlock would find the body,” he growled. “I want access to the bug in our flat. And don’t pretend there isn’t one, I’m not stupid.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock eventually mumbled, “what were you saying?”
“Sherlock,” the man corrected, his voice an octave above a growl, with a twinkle in his eye at John’s uncomfortableness.
She starts walking away and John snaps back into his body. “Wait, I’m not-”
“Contemporary music I take it.” Sherlock says this as if it’s something trivial, which to him it probably is.
“If you’d like,” he agreed regally.
"So I'll just lay here supine and let you have your way with me, shall I?" Sherlock deadpanned as he pulled the ruined shirt from his shoulders.
"Being involved with the famous blog of John Watson." She ruins the near compliment by giggling.
John didn't bother asking how he knew something was wrong. “I'm not sure if we should worry just yet, but he didn't come home last night-"
“And what, in particular, would this favour entail?”
“Yeah, no, it was…it was, uh, pretty lame, yeah,” John eventually stuttered out, his shoes toeing at the carpet.
“No pants?” John teased. “You’re terrible. You should be arrested for crimes against humanity.”
John stopped as soon as he realized Sherlock was no longer beside him. “Aren’t you coming?”
“Because you’re a shit boyfriend.”
He walked further into the room to find Sherlock on his side beside the bed, staring off at the opposite wall. John didn’t know whether to be frustrated or mildly amused. He’d only been gone an hour and look what had happened.
“What do you know, I’ve rendered you stupid.” John grinned down at Sherlock’s look of affront, just before he kissed those insanely snoggable lips again. He pulled back again to whisper, “I want to show how very not straight I am. Can I do that?”
He rushed to fill the awkward silence of the intimate moment. “You have strength and speed but your technique could use some work. I could tutor you in boxing as well if you’d like.”
Sherlock recalled everything he’d learned about poor Bernard and immediately weaponized it without mercy. “And your boss obviously doesn’t want you, he’s just using you to piss off his wife. You know it but you’re still letting him do it. Coming here doesn’t piss him off at all, no matter how many people you sleep with, he doesn’t care. None of that interests me, sleep with whomever you chose.
Sherlock hadn’t expected to see him again and said as much.
Sherlock was overwhelmed by the urge to crawl between John’s arms, bury his head into the crook of John’s neck, to feel the warmth of his chest against his own.
"Hold up," Donovan announced. "He's been in the system before for assault and he's on parole for involvement with the Chechen Mafia."
John in respite was a softer thing, and yet the tiny line between his brows remained, as though he dreamt of Sherlock making a mess in the kitchen. Sherlock smiled to himself at the thought. The often called upon edge of John’s jaw took shape, the dip of his chin, the thin slash of his mouth. Here Sherlock stopped to study a bit longer than was decent but with John asleep and none the wiser it was hard to curb the desire.
“I get it. I mean, if it’s too soon, or whatever. No pressure.” She rubbed at the tip of her nose nervously. “Gail was saying she heard a rumor.”
“My fault?” He growled.
The wait is finally over, it seems. Sherlock makes the first move before John can finish his thoughts and then new ones emerge in their place.
They clinked glasses and took their first sip. Sherlock’s went down smooth, the air of a man well-versed in aged whiskey. Of course John wasn’t so well-versed.
Sherlock groaned. “You are positively awful, John.”
Sherlock made a face like someone had shot him in the mouth with lemon juice from a squirt gun- surprised and disgusted.
Sherlock shot up, red faced and snarling. “
John glanced back up from staring at Victor’s hands again to frown at Sherlock. “I’ll order for myself, thank you.”
John bit the inside of his cheek not to smirk at her morning after attire. Sweats, hair knotted at the nape of her neck, make-up smeared. He wasn’t laughing
John finally glanced up from his paper, blinked, and slowly let the paper fall into his lap, before turning fully to look at Sherlock on the sofa. They stared at each other for seven seconds before John replied, “Why do you need to know what hate sex is?”
“Yeah?” John breathed, his tongue mostly occupied with other things - namely tracing the veins under the bloke’s tongue.
Sherlock was not, by any stretch of the imagination, a patient man but he could on occasion remain patient enough to stalk prey like the best of predators. It took nearly three months for John to stop looking over his shoulder and checking his chair before he sat before he’d take a cup of tea Sherlock handed him. Just enough time for Sherlock to formulate and put his plan into motion.
“Oh.”
"They've got him trapped in the ship yard. The only way out is the river and his hands are still cuffed but he managed to snag a nightstick off Daniels before he ran off."
“I don’t care what the sodding plan was. The plan to smoke and then lie to me about it,” he growled and threw the pack down. “And I thought it was about taking the edge off? If they come after the sex what exactly are they taking the edge off of?”
“That’s a sight, isn’t it?” He remarked as they went higher and higher. The lights of the carnival glittered more subtlety from above, just colored fairy lights amid the London skyline beyond.
He had to look away from John then; his stare was too intense.
Greg snorted. "Booze usually works well for that."
“Hey, I’ve got another date tonight, so don’t text unless it’s really important. Like a death or something.”
John felt sucker punched by this observation. He hadn't thought of that in years, certainly hadn't connected that moment to this one. But of course Sherlock had.
"John," he growled, voice like gravel and glass.
The instant Sherlock understood he took a step towards her, to do what John wasn't sure, but before he could even reach him Mary already had the Sig pointed at his head.
John chuckled. “I thought she was the housekeeper.”
“You shouldn’t have gone to the trouble, Mrs. H,” John said. “The last thing Sherlock needs is to get drunk after all.”
into sex slavery.”
“I’m not, I’m just resting a bit,” he explains, trying to soothe the man with a gentle hand across his stomach. Sherlock is having none of it, just continues to whinge and pull at his hair, even though John’s still twisting his damn hand up and down his cock with not a small amount of skill.
Rage boiled in his blood, making Sherlock dizzier, more light headed than what the alcohol had already managed. "You really are a coward," he snapped. "The least you could do is own it, now that it makes little difference either way."
A toothbrush and small tube of paste; packet of crisps: empty; four differently sized skeleton keys; a small child’s neon green rubber ball; a lockpicking set; a notebook written in a code John couldn’t decipher; pen to go with the note book; four hundred quid he found hidden in the lining; and a small bird skull. The last John set aside on his nightstand to study at his leisure. Such a strange person but… John couldn’t wait to talk to him again.
“Leave,” he snapped.
He wanted to argue,
been coaching him on Maths.
Sherlock’s is hanging open, the dark red contrasting beautifully against him, and revealing seen but never touched, not ever in the way he’d have liked, pale tracks of skin from throat to hips.
John shuffled uncomfortably, hands fidgeting with his coat hem. “All right," he swallowed, “I'll grant you that but it doesn't mean we just... That." He seemed to come to a realization, a point in his favour. “And anyway, you only ever want me when you're high. What does that say?"
“Oh?”
"Did he manage to find his way back to the group?" John asked, taking a small sip of his whiskey laced dark ale.
John continued to stare, his head rocking back and forth in confusion. “No.” Christ, he didn’t even sound sure.
“Where to?” The cabbie asked.
"Sounds great, yeah," he replied in kind.
“What the hell has that got to do-“
Sherlock’s second orgasm was less intense than the first, but with the added benefit of feeling John swell and shoot against his back, it was the better of the two. His bones turned to liquid and he fell against the bed a second time, swearing never to move again. With John on his back, it wasn’t a hard promise to make.
“Oh, um, it was an older band. Eighties, seventies maybe…”
Sherlock could hear John’s lazy gait as he made his way down the stairs to the loo. His morning ablutions were done directly against the wall Sherlock was currently leaning against, and Sherlock felt a breath catch in his chest at his completely unwarranted luck. The arrogant part of Sherlock wanted to take credit for John’s decision to stay, but he was far too smart for that. In reality it made no logical bit of sense. John had seen the scars for himself, had displayed the proper response to them- anger. Sherlock had been laid out all night fretting the turn of events, because in Sherlock’s mind, he calculated absolute failure. John had left, with the feeblest of excuses, and by all rights should not have returned.
Well, his night was certainly looking up. Perhaps he shouldn’t have been so sure she wouldn’t sleep with him until their third date…
“-late, I might add, and dropped off-“
They don’t talk the entire ride back to Baker Street. It’s awkward, strained; the atmosphere is choking John with the words not being said. Sherlock pays for the cab as well and John leaves him to it, not caring a wit.
"Whoa. That was close," he chuckled as he finally stopped the car.
“Hmm?” Sherlock hums against John’s neck, a purr really.
They walked side by side up the poorly lit pathway a few moments before John spoke.
"It's all quite obvious on this end, I'll admit. What with the 'John's so clever, John's so brave, John's so
“Human shield.”
“Why…” He had to close his eyes and will himself not to be ill for a moment, before he tried again. “Why are you taking care of me?”
Sherlock flops down in his chair without looking up from his phone. “She’s finally decided on the invitations.”
Even though Sherlock knew John was going to text Greg the whole thing, he tells John anyway over a shared plate of Kai Phat Khing.
He didn’t wait for John to reply, he simply walked off. John did follow but without the snappy rejoinder he might have otherwise had, simply because he was too busy burrowing his nose into the soft fabric of Sherlock’s expensive cashmere. It smelt of smoke and Sherlock’s shampoo and John’s stomach did a dangerous flip in his chest as he pulled the rich smell from the threads. He narrowly escaped detection as they reached the bottom of the stairs and Sherlock waited by the door for John to descend.
This seemed to set them off even more. He could settle them easily if he explained that Sherlock was actually his middle name, but that was a closely guarded secret that only a handful of people in the world knew, and he wanted to keep it that way.
he mused to himself,
John grinned and decided to crawl back onto the bed to hover over Sherlock. “I’ll be back, you know.”
John moved to in front of the door and leaned in, carefully putting an ear to the wood. All was quiet. His brow wrinkled in confusion as he tried to puzzle out what had happened.
"This is ridiculous. If I were a woman you'd have fucked me six ways from Sunday already."
“Are you even paying attention to me?” Laila demanded.
"There was nothing wrong with my accent," she snapped, said accent given way to reveal an American one.
"If the shoe fits..." He rises up at that and marches to the kitchen.
A sigh could be heard and then a warm, wet flannel was swiping gently across his back, down to his arse and back up.
talk Sherlock through it, just like last time. He really did love it when John went Captain Watson on him. He tried to think of something to say but all he could think about was the times he'd tossed off to that picture of Victoria Beckam that he'd stashed in his bunk. Sherlock probably didn't want to hear about that.
His face scrunched up like John had just suggested that he swallow a pine cone whole. "But John," he whined.
The restaurant was entirely out of his price range, and so far removed from his usual fare, he might as well be having tea in Buckingham. But he went along with the scheme because she swore she could get Sherlock to confess. Or, barring that, at least prove to John that there was more to Sherlock’s feelings than the platonic facade he’d created. John had spent all day, precious time that should have been spent studying for the new term, coming to terms with his love for Sherlock. Being eighteen didn’t make any difference really in the long run. He was still light years ahead of John in terms of intelligence, more worldly, still just as attractive and desirable. The innocence he sometimes glimpsed from Sherlock only added to John’s affection. It called out to something in John that wanted to protect, to shield him from the harshness of the world, from those who didn’t understand him.
“Coyotes aren’t defenseless.”
“All right?” Sherlock repeated, incredulous. “You’ll do it?”
“I kissed him. Did you get that far?”
“You really mean that,” he stated.
“God, I hate you.”
Greg was grinning proudly when Molly walked by. She leant in and whispered in his ear, "Play on his jealousy." Without further explanation she smiled, said hi to John and walked away. Greg belatedly noted that Molly smelled like rain and green things, but mostly he was trying to work out what he was supposed to do with that bit of information when John turned to him.
John turned and glanced at Sherlock in shock, as if forgetting he was there. He blinked six times in rapid succession and then merely dropped the man onto the pavement, backing away as if burnt. They ignored the man’s pitiful groans, both too wrapped up in each other’s hard panting to hear his half-hearted attempts to threaten.
Once he reached the dorm, and the technical aspects of the new endeavor became clear, such as informing the school of his change of address and letting Bill know he was leaving, John was angry all over again.
“I kissed him and then I told him he was an idiot for trying to use me and get away with it. Pathetic. And a bit morbid too really. Did you hear the part where he tried to use his dead mother to get into my pants? That’s got to be a new low, even for him.”
He bristled at the thought and slapped the pages down.
John didn’t know why he knew it was his friend’s, but he did. It was dramatic and posh and, most important, still here. Considering the rush the bloke had been in to escape last night that evidence alone was pretty telling.
Sherlock was too busy sorting out the hot feeling in his gut to explain to John that he frequently sent out sexual signals like a homing beacon. There was something to that idea, the angry sexual punishment scenario.
“I knew you remembered,” John muttered softly, “I knew you did.”
She hesitates but he does his best to convey his sincerity, even knowing he's going to regret letting her drill him about Sherlock.
Sherlock could no longer keep up with the conversation. Between the sensation of being nearly completely enveloped inside John, the sight of himself disappearing inside, and the bob of John’s enormous cock, it was too much to process and still create audible speech patterns.
“Do you… see… mmmm, what I mean?” Sherlock managed to get a few words out.
“I think I know whose coat this is, you mind if I give it back?”
He didn’t want to make promises he couldn’t keep, he had just sworn to put more effort into his studies after all, but he was feeling pretty optimistic after the orgasm, so he answered in the affirmative.
That seemed to do wonders for John’s cock, as he groaned, his forehead fell to Sherlock’s collarbone and they were both laying heavily against the door.
“It’s nothing,” John assured. “Just that, well, Laila’s going to be insufferable.” He smiled up at Sherlock, a twinkle in his eye.
“Victor, have a seat,” Sherlock commanded. “I’m sure John would have offered if he wasn’t so distracted by last Sunday’s paper.”
“’Fraid so.”
Janine giggled. "Not like there was anything to see. 'Let's have a cuppa.' 'Play us another tune, Sherlock.' 'Let's sit at the kitchen table for six hours straight looking into a microscope.' Ugh. Boring!"
“Did so,” John argued, sipping his own lukewarm tea despite his injury. “I would have eaten breakfast if not.”
Laila had constructed a fun little exercise in which they asked each other questions from the others textbooks and for each correctly answered question, an article of clothing came off. Study sessions of those nature generally didn’t last long.
John's hand fell to his side as he snickered uncontrollably.
Sherlock is shaking again. Or still, maybe he never stopped.
Greg was already shaking his head in stubborn denial. "No, they can still get an annulment. All we have to do is get those two idiots to admit they're in love with each other."
“You just need to find something, anything, to distract you,” Sherlock went on. “I wasn’t being unkind when I said that woman isn’t it. She really isn’t. Maybe it will be another someone, perhaps a career change, a hobby, I don’t know, but something will come along that will make everything else…worth it.”
“It took less than two minutes to track you down. Having trouble getting to the shop?”
She brightened. “Lucky for you I’m willing to put that aside to help you.”
“Ta,” John thanks him, genuinely grateful. He sticks his fingers into the vent, letting the cool air run up his arms, and then thinks about what the bloke had said. “Wait, what’s obvious about it?”
Sherlock raises an eyebrow in curiosity. "What do you care?"
John smiles at her excuse, sees it for what it is, any attempt to distance herself from possible rejection. He plows through it. "Does she love you back?"
“Kinda old fashion, isn’t it? Using a map?” A feminine voice says next to him, clearly finding humour in his troubles. “Here.”
“Oh, you mother fucker,” he says, coming at John like he’s going to clock him, but his partner puts a hand to his chest and stops him. “Did he still have my gun? Gimme my fucking gun.”
“I’m eighteen and in a sight better shape than some people,” he snapped, eyeing John significantly.
A weight lifted with the spoken admission to what they had all been skirting around for years.
-and continued to watch him. “I have one around here somewhere. Yes, from the Pterios experiment, the case with the Japanese business man and his secretary. It would have to be- Oh.” His eyes widened and he looked around the room in confusion. “I forgot to feed the fish,” he mumbled.
“I’m surrounded by children,” he muttered on his way up the stairs.
The corner of Sherlock’s lips ticked in amusement. “I graduated last year.”
"What?" He pours himself a cup of coffee, with a splash of cream, and leans against the counter.
His sleeves were impatiently rolled up next and John's brow came down in confusion. It wasn't even hot in the flat. He watched as Sherlock silently counted the boxes of P.G.Tips and scowled to himself. Lord only knew what that meant. Well, the good Lord and Sherlock. When he bent over the top of the kitchen table, unnecessarily in John's opinion, and flipped through the ashtray John scowled even harder.
“Just a second,” he cut Scarlett off mid-rant to hobble over to the ticket taker at the front gate. “Excuse me, I’ve a question. Is readmission free if you have the stamp?” He held up his hand to show the man.
"No." He takes a slice of toast from her plate and bites into it. "There wouldn't be yet, would there?"
The kid pouted. “But you ruined my study of human nature, specifically that of embracing. Seems to me you should right a wrong when you’re able.”
John stops and looks up at him, a furrow in his brow he’s sure.
"'John,'" he mockingly drawled. "It hurts. John, I don't want to go to hospital. Help, John."
Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock rose up and pulled John down into a searing kiss, happiness bubbling up inside him at the thought of forever. John cried out, wrapping his arms tight around Sherlock’s shoulders as they rocked together.
They all turned to see Greg, Molly and Mrs. Hudson in the doorway.
“Hmm?” Sherlock blinked at the harshness of the waiting room lights, uncomfortable and somewhat dazed. His arse was bloody asleep in the plastic chair.
“Yeah?” John forces out. “The tigers or the foxes?”
"Boring." Sherlock has managed to eat his portion of chicken, a quarter of John's, and even some of John's spring rolls. This knowledge still makes John inordinately happy, that he can get Sherlock to eat his fill. It's nice to be needed still, at least for something.
“What did I do this time?” She cried. “I substituted the right integer!”
John met his eyes again and prayed his intent didn’t backfire horribly. “Have you ever been kissed?”
Sherlock was so utterly confused by all John had said he started to retreat into his head to understand. Had he really told John he loved him? When? The cough syrup! Yes, that was the reason behind the anger, now it made sense.
“Jonn," she snapped. “Let me finish." He nodded, contrite, and she went on. “This situation is shit, all right, but I went into it anyway. Cause you're smart and sweet and quite fit honestly." John snorted and Laila let him sneak in a kiss for the compliments. “I just want to say… I went in with both eyes open. The least you could do is the same. Yeah?"
Right, he’d have to remember to get the kid’s name after they were done.
Sherlock merely gives him a look over top of his computer. He opens his mouth to comment on something else in the blog but before he can his mobile goes off. Sherlock sets the laptop down on the table and fishes the phone from his jacket.
“Nothing against you, John,” Sherlock rushed to allay the obvious issue, “it must have just been a boring party. Not much need to retain bad music and no doubt worse booze.” He feigned a chuckle, under duress. He was no longer sure he should have gone the route of non-remembrance.
Sherlock would know. And once he started down that path again, it would start a train wreck of consequences; his brother the least of those calamities.
Before John could fully open his mouth to confusedly agree, Sherlock hissed, “
John’s never heard something so ridiculous sound so sexy. He gulps and nods frantically again.
John swallowed the excess saliva and tried again. Bernard - he was fairly sure the bloke’s name was Bernard - groaned and let his head hit the back of the stall door. His hand cradled John’s head, stroking the fine hairs behind his ear.
"Not sure yet. I think they've got a bet going on whether this is a date or not." He says it so casually John almost forgets to feel embarrassed.
he responded.
John had to stop and dig his nails into his palm, applying near-cutting force, before he could walk along again. He’d just have to block any and all thoughts of Sherlock in a compromising situation from his mind. Bury himself in work, school, cases, the odd friend or two he had left.
"The Elephant," they say simultaneously and then tap their plastic cups in cheers.
When the the mobster walks toward the road to meet the approaching car, Sherlock looks at John with a raised eyebrow. The man that exits the car is clearly one of Oliver’s. He seems to be imparting some new information, arm waving out towards the desert. The first man turns and looks out into the night.
"Yes, I am aware, thank you," he snapped. The drawer was yanked open and a grey plastic bottle was flung into his lap. He smirked at Sherlock as he settled in, content now that he was about to get what he wanted. John thought about teasing him some more, drawing it out a bit, but he didn't know if even he could stand waiting any longer. This was as far as they had gone in their sexual escapades. For the past few days, he would bring Sherlock off with his fingers and Sherlock would graciously suck John inside out, a skill he'd taken great pride in learning at John's instruction. Genius at that, Sherlock was, just brilliant. He mentally prepared himself for Sherlock's wrecked voice begging John to fuck him, a recent addition to their current activities. How he loved and feared hearing it. It wouldn't be long before he gave in but he wanted to hold out as long as possible. The anticipation was exhilarating, but he knew once they went there, once it was done, there was no going back, and that thought was petrifying. What if he hurt him? What if he just didn't like it?
John stopped pumping his fingers and just blinked for a moment at that. Did he really think that? "No. It's not that. No, it's not that you're a man, I just haven't been with a someone who was inexperienced since I was young."
“Like that idea? Good. Where do you keep your slick? Drawer?”
“Date men?” John guessed. “Not recently, no. No thanks to you. I was actually trying today, if you couldn’t tell.”
They sat and she continued to cradle him. She didn't try to soothe him with useless platitudes, nor try to pry the truth from him, and John appreciated it. It gave him time to think. Her hand ran over his hair in a soft, rhythmic pattern and he just absorbed the small comfort.
"We can't, Sherlock," he reminded the man as he slowed the pace, "he said he'd call when he was out front."
“You mean…” He frowns. It seems so straightforward but for some reason John’s having a hard time believing it.
“Fucking hell."
“Is there a line?” John asked before he moved down toward Sherlock’s jaw line to suck hard at the long line of his throat.
“I’m not laughing at you, I swear. I’m laughing because even though you’re completely unable to explain, I still know exactly what you mean.”
