“John?” Sherlock asks, leaning back. His eyes are wide and hope-filled, but also somehow panicked.
“Bossy,” John teases, finger now seated all the way, twisting, rubbing, feeling the muscles inside tense and slacken, hot, so hot. John pushes in a little, pulls out a little, sticks with that: quick, shallow in-and-outs, teasing the inside, easing the rim.
My own visage is one much less rare,
They’re by the entrance to Regent’s Park. Sherlock tilts his head towards it, and John ducks his own in agreement, and without a word, they set off on the pathway, choosing the one that more or less meanders towards home.
like this, soft and hard, shocked and smug, wanting and aching.
, but this time it’s not terrifying.
“Then – how –” but Sherlock closes his eyes before finishing the question. He takes a deep, shuddering breath. “It’s the water here,” he says, and there a resigned hollowness to his voice that slices along John’s jaw and throat. “It’s what’s missing at Baker Street, what I can’t –” he swallows.
"If you are quite finished," Sherlock interrupts, and rather obviously, too, "then I was going to suggest Angelo's for dinner. Seeing as you have a pasta fixation at the moment." He purses his lips and looks down at the wine in his hands. “And this is Italian, after all.”
. John flashes a grin through his goodbyes. He’s old enough to leave and doing so, thank you very much.
He’s on his side now, pitching forward fast into sleep. “Thank you,” he says, and he wants to say so many other things, but he’s mumbling already over the familiar shapes of ‘thank’ and ‘you’ — and the words he has in mind are wholly new territory. He’ll need to be well-rested to traverse them, to keep from stumbling.
“Well – I mean,” John begins, but then Sherlock hooks John with a leg and an arm and turns over so that John ends up sprawled half on top of Sherlock, towels and all. John makes a most dignified squawk under the circumstances, but that doesn’t have much of an effect. “Sherlock, what –”
– and he wants desperately to say the words,
He pulls back after a last few lingering licks, rubs his thumbs where he’s pressed them into Sherlock’s hips firmly, grins up at Sherlock. His mouth has gone slack, and John’s fore-tentacle slips from those lips to curl adoringly around Sherlock’s jawline and neck before draping itself over his heaving shoulders.
“God, you are so –” John interrupts himself with a scrape of teeth against Sherlock’s neck, “– responsive,” John finishes in a murmur against Sherlock’s pulse. “I want to kiss you all over.” His fingers relax, comb through the curls they’ve just crushed, luxuriate in the soft and thick tangle of Sherlock’s hair. “Want to taste you everywhere,” he says, breathing in deep right at Sherlock’s hairline. “Oh god –”
Speak of beauty and perfection…
” John asks. It’s – John checks his watch –
know I am a doctor?” The question feels like slogging through thick mud or a raging river’s shallows. John’s legs ache in memory.
“That’s easy enough. I do,” John says with complete surety. “I certainly get enough practice – in the last month, he’s only made tea twice, and not to drink mind you.” With each word, it’s a little easier to recapture the feeling and flow of the character he’s supposed to be playing.
His breath catches.
Sherlock laughs again, and this time it sounds less like hysterics. “I – I realized what was happening because of the questions – they were all questions that those insufferable newspaper polls ask about us, the ones your readers bother you about, especially that fantasy one – and –”
Pooling straight into the notch between Sherlock’s clavicles.
Just then John realises that while he had grabbed a robe to throw over his vest, he had neglected to pull on trousers. His most comfortable pair of pants – a once brilliant shade of red – are currently doing a poor job of keeping John respectable. “I didn’t have time to coordinate a bloody outfit,” John shoots back, tugging his robe to better cover himself. “I thought there was an actual fire, as advertised by the actual fire alarm. Which,” and John frowns hard, “if you knew there was no fire, why’d you run out in next-to-nothing?”
He won’t let himself think those words.
“No signs of that,” he says with a playful nudge to Sherlock’s side, and Sherlock snorts and then bumps his hip back a few seconds later, as if he’d had to work out whether it would be alright to do so. There’s the barest hint of a flush high on his cheeks, and John bites his at his own lower lip and savours that expression – Sherlock, bashful, slightly awkward, but trying nonetheless.
Sherlock shudders, clenches ineffectually against the slippery intrusion. “You’re – ah – quite cool, actually.”
“Yes?”
John knew they were close to the ocean (and therefor the beach) – but knowing the sun rises in the East is a little different to waking up with a blinding eyeful of light.
“Who – John?” Sherlock’s eyes widen. “Oh.”
Lips still pressed to Sherlock’s skin, John feels a tightness claim his throat, and his breath shakes on the way out, growing harsher again, and the next breath in is laced with the scent of Sherlock, subtle, complex, heady.
John gapes at him. “How could you possibly know that – I haven’t gotten tested since last Christmas –”
John takes a deep breath.
Sherlock arches an eyebrow at John after he turns to take in the space and says, “Good choice,” and John cannot help the grin that shapes his mouth.
,” Sherlock manages, and he feels John’s hesitation, but then he feels his resolution as well, because with one last, stretching twist, John’s fingers are gone, and there are sounds – lubricant and flesh and friction as John prepares himself – but no visuals accompany them because, despite his continued efforts to keep them open and catalogue everything, Sherlock’s eyes are shut. It’s desperately unfair – Sherlock needs the records, because what if John doesn’t like this? What if this is the only time this happens? What if
“Oh god,” he breathes. “That’s –”
John nearly spills his tea laughing, and Sherlock goes from looking baffled to bemused, one or two illicit chuckles escaping the confines of his chest and shaking his laptop, making the light on his face dance, and it feels like John can breathe again.
“I’ve already done it once,” John shams at considering the request, but he shuffles closer and says, “I’m sure I can manage it again.” He presses his lips against Sherlock’s. “Although, I think maybe once or even twice won’t cut it?”
Instead he gives into that constant urge to let his thoughts drift and touch and taste. It’s a well-known path for his thoughts to tread; it is simple, almost easy, here in the flat, familiar territory coupled with ample opportunity: mornings together, afternoons together, evenings together; dining together, returning from cases, tending each other’s (not-so-minor) wounds… So many chances for hands to brush, eyes to linger, fire to spark.
“I want, if you want,” John says into Sherlock’s ear, curls shifting against his forehead as they move together. Sherlock nods, and John continues, “So let’s dance, and then we can go home and –”
Sherlock’s eyes fall closed, and his head tips forward to rest against John’s. “Yes,” he says, and then he nods, which moves his skin against John’s, becomes a sort of nuzzling movement, and John feels like he’s lighting up from the inside out. “Did you?” Sherlock asks, stilling, and his voice is breath and hope.
“Yes, well,” Sherlock clears his throat. “Obviously John’s the romantic in our…relationship.”
“John –
Sherlock’s knees part, his legs open, and then John is lying flush against him, hips to lips, hands clutching and crushing where they land. It’s close enough to pain that Sherlock makes a shocked noise, but it’s not nearly close enough to
“Oh god, John,” Sherlock groans, except this time he sounds
And then he hears Sherlock’s laugh, a deep rumble, and it sounds utterly carefree, surprised and wanton, and John can’t get their mouths together fast enough, can’t press enough kisses against Sherlock’s shaking chest, his peaked nipples, his tilted chin, Sherlock’s long fingers twining into John’s hair, the almost curls at his nape, his lean thighs shifting to rub against John’s hips, bony ankles slipping over John’s thighs to rest beside one another between his legs.
John’s hands come up to hold Sherlock’s shoulder blades, the wings of them hard edges through his thin shirt, and John tightens his arms, his hold, helping Sherlock press closer.
“John?”
John is hard-pressed not to fall to his knees at the rush of it all, the relentless assail of his senses. He works to breathe less deeply, lightheadedness already staking its claim as he fights to keep from drowning in oxygen. “
“He has none.”
,” and then they are silent again.
Which is rather perplexing – but then again, not exactly worrying –
Danger was not the only card played in a bid to keep John from the land. His parents took him aside before he left and asked a serious question, a worried question: “And what of your Tide? If it comes for you, what then?”
John is glad that the first time he sees Sherlock eat a peach is the summer after they finally stop dancing around each other. Or maybe ‘glad’ isn’t the word. More like…
There is now
Sherlock looks up at him. “Second thoughts?” he asks, and John can feel the tension just begin to creep under his pale skin.
The kiss is soft and ruins their dancing, grinds everything right to a halt.
The still noticeable pain in his torso when he bends or breathes deeply is further reminder of the present - but Sherlock doesn’t want to be here. He doesn’t want to be
“Oh god,
John’s body, in his sleep, in this tub, in this water, seems to be trying to remember itself. Seems to be
“Problem?” John asks. “You want me to clean up first – or?”
John is grinning even as he rolls his eyes. “Back in a tick.”
Sherlock seems to agree – long arms wrap around John, bring him in close, and they are chest to chest, still kissing, hands urgent in their exploration, their voices reduced to gasps and each other’s names.
John wants to ask, “Everything alright?” because he normally does, and he would right now, if he could, but he’s busy right now not asking questions. He can’t, not until he feels out the one that has to happen first. He thinks he manages a, “Mhm,” in response to Sherlock’s suggestion, but either way he follows when Sherlock leaves, and that should be answer enough.
Sherlock returns his grip and nods.
“John, the show is set up to reward teamwork – wouldn’t you say we’ve survived worse than a few nosy questions with nothing and no one but each other?”
Sherlock hums and sighs into John’s mouth, pulls back, breathes.
The cloth leaves a trail of goosebumps as John trails it down from Sherlock’s sternum. “Bit cold,” he murmurs, and watches Sherlock’s eyes bat open slowly.
Sherlock’s hands jerk up in surprise and his eyes snap open in shock, however, as John lands a kiss against his mouth.
Still, Sherlock has a point, so John snorts at him and his point — and his thieving of John’s lines, while he’s at it. It’s ridiculous that John should be sick when Sherlock is the one who fell in the Thames last week. Twice.
.” Sherlock is hot and tight inside, muscles working John’s cock with each tiny movement, with each breath it seems.
Sherlock cries out, a keening moan segmented into tight grunts as John picks up the pace. “John, oh god John, oh –” his words desert him, all he can find is John’s name. John’s cock pushes into him, again, again, his hands push his knees up, guide his legs to lock around John’s waist, John’s chest drips sweat onto him from above, and John’s mouth is a temptation of gasps, if only Sherlock could command his own trembling body to something besides boneless acquiescence –
“What is ‘the Tide’? What does that mean?”
“What, sorry – how?
Sherlock grins sleepily. “I did.”
“Yeah, that – there’s no drive for it – at least, no more than usual when I see you like this,” John tries to lighten the atmosphere again, but Sherlock’s gaze remains a pressing weight upon him.
John moans, lets slip the smooth stones of Sherlock’s name, and then Sherlock is turning off the shower and stepping into the tub, and water is sloshing everywhere, and there’s an awkward moment where they don’t seem to fit, but John’s tentacles drape over the sides, out of the way, and Sherlock kneels between John’s slightly bent legs.
And what if my Love were to think the same?
“Yes?”
“Dance,” Sherlock clarifies – or is it commands? John’s whiskey glass is more than half empty in his hand, and Sherlock reaches out to take it. John watches as Sherlock throws back the last swallow of amber liquid before placing the glass neatly back on the bar. “Dance with me.”
On his way back to the room, John pauses, considering, then goes back to snag the tiramisu before bringing the whole lot back to Sherlock’s room.
If Irene hadn't been in Sherlock's room, would he have gone to it all the same? Called John over? For what reason, then, if not to show him the interloper in his bed?
John starts giggling behind his hand as he reads and tries desperately to keep it from becoming something louder and more noticeable. It doesn’t help that he can see Carlton mouth the words ‘
A moment later Sherlock’s mobile drops and clatters to the floor, forgotten for the moment - or the rest of the morning, as the case may be.
The kiss between them turns frantic, frenzied, and John’s hips stutter back into a taking rhythm. With John pressed so close, each thrust now also presses Sherlock’s cock against John’s lower abdomen. The mix of sweat, lubricant, pre-ejaculate keeps the friction from becoming chafing, and Sherlock can feel each movement John makes ring throughout his body like a tolling bell, a brightness rising, disparate frequencies synchronizing.
Sherlock’s breathing grows harsher, loud beside John’s ear, and it almost seems far away, removed somehow, when John’s tentacle stills its undulation, stiffens as it reaches further out from the slit, and begins to push into Sherlock with tiny surges. They both groan, Sherlock’s eyes wide with surprise, John’s slitted with tightly reined pleasure.
Carlton frowns slightly at John’s deadpan delivery, then turns his attention to Sherlock. “And you Sherlock? You’re awfully quiet – care to go first?” Carlton’s smile, John decides, wants a fist – but he puts those thoughts aside as Sherlock takes a breath and begins to speak:
“You know what I was thinking about?” John asks, circling his middle finger around and around without pushing to the center, without pushing in. “When I woke you?”
, which can be read as –”
“Oh.”
John tightens his hold on Sherlock – the embrace and his grip in Sherlock’s hair – and Sherlock arches at those touches, cries out brokenly, and John could live on this alone, their bodies close and craving, because
,” Sherlock snaps back, but it’s too quick, and John sighs as he runs a hand through his hair – slightly shaggier than he likes it, but Sherlock’s fingers can’t seem to get enough of it, the barely-there curls at his nape.
“Well, when I said there’s always tomorrow, I meant I’m rather looking forward to tomorrow…” John raises his own eyebrow right back at Sherlock, who laughs, a bit breathless, but finally settles against him.
"That was gorgeous," John says this time, surprising Sherlock again, but he lets it stand, generous just this once, but in the next moment John adds:
“You’re asking me?” he asks, trying for dispassionate and missing by a mile. “You tell me.” He runs his hands over his face, into his fringe, then down again, mostly as an excuse to not have his eyes open right now. “Please.”
Sherlock blinks. “Your current temperature is at 99.5 give or take .2 degrees,” he says with a lift of his chin.
,” Sherlock manages, shuddering, as John pushes in with one finger, steady, slow, sure. He runs his dry hand up and down Sherlock’s side, looks up at his heaving chest, just inches from his face. He tilts his head up and licks at a nipple, and when Sherlock trembles and presses closer, he begins to suckle it, moving his finger in circles inside Sherlock until it’s time for another.
“With the Amesons and the Watsons tied for first, and team Willis ten points behind, it’s anybody’s game as we enter the
John stops his teasing touch, slips his palm up Sherlock’s stomach and chest. “It’s ok. No rush. There’s always tomorrow,” John murmurs, lifts his hands to hold Sherlock’s face and stroke his cheekbones.
John shivers, not one bit delicately, as that simple sensation trickles though his nerves.
At Sherlock’s confused expression, John explains: “If I visit, they’d want me to stay, and that’s never going to happen. They’d want to know when I was coming back, at the very least, and there’s no answer that would make them happy.” John sits up, still cradling Sherlock close, so that Sherlock’s torso is spared the chill of the water. “I said my goodbyes a long time ago – saying them again will do no one any good.”
“That’s…that could be rather – except –”
, John thinks. He should, he feels, be more nervous right now – but whatever calmness the morning’s first light, first thought, brought him lingers still. John breathes deeply through his nose, exhales long and slow. “Since I woke up.”
“The feeling’s mutual,” John huffs, the laugh half-restrained. “Do you want to talk about it?”
John’s first instinct is to jump in, to cut the moment with humour – but he doesn’t. He’s learning to speak when he would have kept silent, learning to wait when he would have blundered forward. It feels like a balancing act above an unending unknown.
For that reason Sherlock doesn’t answer, and John moves closer, and Sherlock wonders if this time he’ll just turn and take John, surprise John’s lips with his own, open his mouth, and pour himself inexpertly into John with a rush of breath and taste and touch -
“Um,” John says, and Sherlock notices that John is less crouching and more kneeling close by his side, his expression less panicked and more decisive, and maybe the night out had been less about pulling and more about thinking, because John’s breath smells of whiskey (which he takes neat, two fingers, nurses it forever, when he wants introspection) and not of beer (the darker bitters that he drinks when he wants to imbibe without getting drunk or breaking the bank, when he wants a good time). “Um,” John says, and kisses him.
“So….you don’t – you don’t want this?” Sherlock asks at last, gesturing at the grotto, at the water slowly filling it. “You don’t want something else?” His whole body is stiff, tense as he asks, “You’re sure?”
For a long moment, neither of them moves or makes a sound, the wavelets the only source of motion, of sound.
"Because I’m impossible." Sherlock’s smirking, but he’s looking at John through his lashes, and the whole effect is devastating in a way John’s been coming to terms with.
Sherlock shakes his head.
Sherlock’s eyes roll behind his closed lids. “I mean your species.”
“Mrs. Hudson is out, so if – if we want –” Sherlock blurts, and John pulls him down, has to kiss him for that, for the break in his words, the drop in his voice, the way his hands tightened on ‘
“Hnn,” Sherlock says. “Sensitive.”
is a fish tail?” John asks, letting his right ventral tentacle curl and coil against Sherlock’s back.
“What if – what if I want to, though?” And then Sherlock’s breath stills with a hitch, and John holds him as tight as he can and says, “I love you.”
John shivers, his eyes flickering shut. It
–” John moans, and the sound of it shivers its way through Sherlock’s body, a tangible adularescence, better than he ever imagined it could be. The sound of it is light, filling him, and he finds the more light pours in, the more he can take, the more he wants to be filled to the brim. “Can we?” John is asking, muttering, “can we?” and his hands finish the question, no longer grasping and gripping but plucking at Sherlock’s robe and shirt.
John’s never done this – he didn’t have the desire when he lived among his own kind, didn’t have the means until now, and
“Shh, Sherlock, it’s okay,” John mumbles, and then he’s on his knees and Sherlock’s pressed close and hot against him, breath harsh with impending pleasure, “not done yet, not done yet.”
And that’s the way it would have continued, most likely, if – just as John had relaxed back against the mattress and the moment, ready to dip under again – Sherlock hadn’t shifted in response to John’s settling, hadn’t sighed out a little sound, so small and content that it slipped down John’s throat to coil about his heart and give a squeeze that felt like recognition, like reciprocation.
“Oh.” Sherlock seems caught off balance, but there’s a warm little curl to his voice, the surprise obviously a pleasant one. “Oh good.”
“She’s not our housekeeper.”
The words click into place.
stains on the floor and the carpet are.” He grins, and it’s easy, not just because Sherlock’s behaviour naturally inspires that sort of mad grin, but because at least they’re back on solid ground now, leaving all talk of hidden desires behind.
Sherlock glances at him, then away again. After a long moment, he moves his head, a quick, jerky shake of his head.
Every touch seems to writhe through Sherlock, arching his spine, angling his pelvis, and with Sherlock on top and grinding down against him, John finds he’s in much the same state: frantic and wanting, pushing up against Sherlock’s body, pushing up into the next kiss, and the next, and the next.
Besides, there’s still the red wine at home, waiting.
John snorts. “Unlikely – we’d have to make quite a racket for it to travel that far.”
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth turn up. “Mmmm. Agreed. I was, however, planning on being
“– kissed me. You
John takes a breath. “I…because I was also telling the truth.” He swallows. “Back there.”
Sherlock wonders what options John is considering and discarding, which words he wants to keep, which are scratched out before they ever reach his tongue.
“Hmm. Yes.” Sherlock manages to sound superior and self-assured – then ruins it by joining John in laughter, his shoulders shaking, his voice a tired scrape of its usual sonorousness. “We should do this again,” Sherlock says, decisive, as if saying it makes it so.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I meant – the – the sex thing.” He shivers, can’t even find it in himself to hate the uncertainty and awkwardness of his words. His pulse hammers high and hard in his head, in his throat.
“Don’t be daft,” John says, turning to head back to his (temporarily, at least) flat. “Keep it on until we’re inside.”
Sherlock thinks,
John throws a hand out to pat the top of the bedside table, realises it is empty, realises Sherlock said ‘in’ not ‘on,’ and then hoists himself halfway up to actually open the drawer and thrash his hand around inside.
‘Just stay,’ I at long last end,
“So, in other words, John’s tea is better simply because it doesn’t kill you? Remind me never to come ‘round for a cuppa!” The audience chortles faithfully, but it seems Sherlock can’t read stage show conversation cues any better than he can real life conversational ones.
John feels his mouth twitch to the side, something bitter and sweet, brave and fearful, hesitant and sure. “Come up here?”
“This?” John does it again, an open mouthed, tasting,
“Oh – oh god, John – I thought,” Sherlock hiccups – actually
“Oh god, yes,” Sherlock breathes, “please –”
“What about – the other one?” Sherlock asks, and the both twist to look at the unsated dorsal tentacle, obviously turgid compared to its partner.
Sherlock glances at John, then away again, a half-smile tucked quickly away, as if not sure of its welcome. “It wasn’t difficult,” he begins, his voice just a little smug, but not cruel as it can be when deducing others’ secrets. “You mentioned a beach near London, one where evidence of human activity was near non-existent, and where the water was cleaner, more palatable. Taking into account the currents and the predominant pollutants about twenty years ago and that leaves a few areas of relatively ‘clean’ beach front along the coast North of London. One of those is near Felixstowe – but the presence of a bustling ferry system and some major shipping routes rules it out.” Sherlock rocks on his bare feet, hand sin his coat pockets, just as if he were at a chalk outline, explaining how it came to be necessary.
“We don’t have to –” John begins, but then Sherlock reaches back a hand and runs it along the tentacle’s length with a thoughtful look, and John moans, going limp in the water from just one touch. It takes him a moment to realise that Sherlock isn’t merely stroking – he’s guiding the tip, his grip alternating loose and firm, an almost twist incorporated as he approaches the slit, and with each pass, clear fluid pulses out from the tip, running down Sherlock’s forearm, dripping into the water, and John is almost shaking from arousal by the time Sherlock presses the now-exposed pale tip to his much relaxed entrance.
Sherlock bites his lip though, shakes his head, cheeks flushed red, his hair a sweaty, salt-watery mess. “Actually, it feels – very –” he reaches down to touch it and gasps, doesn’t finish his sentence, just goes still, one had wrapped around his own cock, the other still holding onto John’s dorsal tentacle.
,” Sherlock grumbles, and John laughs, reclaiming his hand.
The whiskey is warm in his mouth and throat.
John opens his eyes. Hadn’t noticed them falling shut again. “Then where’s the thermometer?”
“Oh.” John blinks. “No.”
A few deft twists, a bit of jimmying, and the cork pops out. Sherlock pours a half glass for them both. It feels momentous, but distantly so.
“Oh god, John –”
"Alright," Sherlock says. "Let's have it then. But, thanks to the passage of time, it is a rather different wine than the one we initially bought. I'm afraid we don't really have anything in that would do it justice as a pairing."
This thought has Sherlock measuring the glooming night out in solitary breaths, the quiet pressing close even as the world feels distant in ways he’d never thought possible. It scatters his intentions, and no matter how he arranges his thoughts, tonight he cannot climb into his mind.
–” John curls his fingers around Sherlock’s waist, right above the hip bones, and just breathes, tries not to give in and rut mindlessly into the writhing coil of Sherlock’s heat, body, desire.
Sherlock takes a breath and continues: “John is honest about his passions, makes no secrets of his wants, and has always openly acted upon his desires.” There’s the tiniest of twitches at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, and John can’t help but read into it, remembering all the dates he’d paraded through 221B in the past, and suddenly feeling rather ill for it. “As such,” Sherlock adds, “John has no need of ‘secret sexual fantasies.’” He manages to imbue the phrase with enough disdain to strip paint. “A trait we share, although for different reasons.”
A few neighbours mill about – faces John doesn’t recognise, voices he can barely hear. Everyone is murmuring to themselves and each other.
John is young when he’s first told not to swim too far. “The sea is deep and dark,” they say, and that does it.
John sinks to his knees, overcome, beyond caring for the sodden state of his own remaining clothes.
John reaches up, his breath stilling in his lungs, and places a hand flat against Sherlock’s sternum. His thumb just brushes the edge of the scar.
After a moment, their breathing evens out, sighs down to stillness again, and in the hush that follows, there’s still the sound of snow softly striking the windows.
They slosh along, John coaxing Sherlock a little deeper every few paces, and Sherlock letting him – until John feels the sand beneath his feet grow just a hair finer; the pebbles only lie on the surface now, pillowed on softer, whiter sand. “This,” John says, bending low to snatch a handful of sand and silt and pebbles. He holds it so Sherlock can take a sampling and smear it between his fingertips. “This feels…right.”
“Mhm?” Sherlock hums, nose pressed into John’s neck, his eyelashes giving a single flutter against thin skin.
–” he’s pressing in, slick, slow, steady all the way in to the hilt. Sherlock curls, arches, tilts his pelvis down, taking John just that much deeper.
Sherlock takes a quick breath. “I want you
They start moving together, and they move closer, and it’s a bit awkward, in the way that all first dances are a bit awkward. Then it stops being awkward, because that’s what first dances are for.
Sherlock sighs and pulls John back to him. After a long moment he says, still out of breath, “I didn’t – I didn’t lie. About the first time. The first case.”
Sherlock’s cock is soft in John’s cupped palm, warm and sweat-damp. His bollocks hang lower than John’s do, but aren’t quite as full. He curls his fist loosely around Sherlock’s shaft, and yes – he can feel it begin to plump just a little. He looks up to see Sherlock watching him with eyes slightly closed and mouth slightly open. That sight alone gets John well on his own way back to firm, and that’s before taking into account the warm, barely-there massage of Sherlock’s touch.
John lets his engorged tentacle slide home again, the splay of the base opening Sherlock as wide as possible to admit the swollen tip, and then they are joined, each in the other.
Sherlock sighs, as if it’s a great strain to find a flaw to share, but when he answers, John is taken aback at the thoughtful nature of it: “Borrowing things without permission. Doing anything without permission, actually.” Sherlock pauses, shrugs one shoulder. “Probably my general disregard for asking permission. In fact, John is at least thirty-five percent less likely to get angry with me over some transgression if I take the precaution of acquiring permission ahead of time, even if I end up overstepping the bounds of said permission in the process.”
John groans, throws his head back. “I – I don’t know if that would even work, Sherlock. This is new for me, too. I don’t know if this –”
“I thought I was being obvious.” John’s hands are warm on his neck and arm, the thumbs smoothing circles into his skin. “It has to be obvious now, Sherlock. You have to know.”
’ as he reads through the chart labels.
“So if it’s not this place – if it’s not a Tide – then what is it?” Sherlock asks. “Why is this happening?”
. Sherlock’s hands seize in the folds of John’s jumper. Glorious.
John’s hands ruck up Sherlock’s shirt even as their mouths meet again, teeth clicking, lips smearing as they try to walk backwards, sideways, with a bit of a turn, maneuvering out of their clothes and through the room, and into Sherlock’s bedroom.
John laughs, braces himself with his forearms, doesn’t bother untangling their limbs, because kissing is more important, taking Sherlock’s lips and tongue and tasting what is offered. Their skin drags together, a sumptuous, full-body friction –
“Sherlock –”
Sherlock pulls a face – it’s a tangible moue of consternation against John’s neck. “No, John, I mean –”
“Alright, alright, yes, quite good, ahem, but do you ever make it to drink?”
“John – John? Wake up.”
John grins, and pushes into Sherlock’s space for a kiss. When they part, Sherlock looks up at him with a bit of a smirk.
John laughs and shifts to sit up a bit, his tentacles repositioning to brace them both in this new position. “I was a little distracted earlier.” He frees up his hands and begins to wriggle the rest of the way out of his soaked denims. “We could also move up onto drier land,” John offers. “Or we could wait till we get home…?”
In my arms a lover and a friend, the bravest, kindest, wisest I have known,
The mattress is damp because John is sweating an almost obscene amount – he’s covered in a sheen of what smells like salt water but feels like slick sweat and tastes like – like – John has no clue, but it’s not bad.
There’s a
John groans, flinging an arm up over his eyes as Sherlock starts rocking back, fucking himself on John’s swiftly unfurling tentacle tip – and then they both gasp as the second stage heat and swelling fill Sherlock, and Sherlock stills his undulating, gasping again and again, and the shocked quality of his voice has John leaning up on his elbows to get a better look – and yes – Sherlock’s cock is filling again slowly, but undeniably.
“Just a beach,” John reiterates, and Sherlock shuts his mouth with a snap, looking sheepish. “It’s alright, Sherlock – I’m not upset about being here. Really. I’m actually still sort of bowled over that you even found it – and don’t tell me it was easy, I’ve been here before and I’m not sure I could have found my way back to this exact spot.” John’s mouth hitches up into a sideways grin.
Sherlock was interrupted by an angry voice behind them.
They watched as two well dressed people, probably sales,left. Probably omegas. Most salespeople were. It made sense, alphas had more money broadly speaking and omega pheromones seemed to loosen pockets.
‘Not the food. I meant…’
' I refused to help.'
.Sherlock thought, not a quality he had ever valued much before.
Sherlock cleaned John carefully. Then when they got up, without asking, made tea and toast. John didn't say anything but he knew that this close attention was the beginning of nesting. Caring, protecting, keeping John strong for the exertions of heat.
wish we had sound.’
‘It's ok Sherlock,’ John comforted him, ‘it's ...we’re
Joe got up again brushing stray ash from his jacket. 'You coming?'
‘So will you. It's knackering, in a good way but still.’
'Look, Sherlock- we need to talk about what happened last night.' John said, after a brief pause in the conversation.
about you.’ Mycroft drawled, his best attempt at sincerity. John had stopped at his shoulder and the alphas shared a glance. Mycroft raised an eyebrow.
'It did.' The alpha brought his hands up to stroke John's shoulders and then pulled him into a hug. It was warm and safe and felt absolutely right. Apart from the stickiness.
Truth was he didn't know if he would have taken the pill, wouldn't have known until the last moment. He changed the subject.
'See,they know he has cops that he's paying off, they just don't know who. Turns out they'd been waiting on somebody to get approached for ages. Someone who went to them with it anyway. They ask if I mind playing along for a bit, seeing what I can find out.'
It shouldn't surprise John given who he was dealing with. He hadn't exactly been subtle In declaring his initial interest. Sherlock looked different though, a sort of open curiosity that boldened John. He felt himself lean closer.
'Thanks John, I'd still be moping about if you hadn't came. Even if I am keeping you from
'It's not what you think.' Mycroft said inhaling thoughtfully. John stared straight ahead, not wanting his teary eyes to be seen.
Sherlock looked through the glass at the alpha. He was wearing a disposable suit his leg jogging with agitation. He looked remarkably ordinary if terrified. Sherlock moved to the property on the table.
‘No they don’t, I’ve been calling you captain all night but you never told Miss Adler about your service, I saw.’ He disappeared into the bathroom and continued to talk through the open door. ‘It’s the haircut, the way you stand, then there’s the injury. Shoulder, shot most probably. Your medical discharge explains why you’re short of cash. The suit, the shirt, all bought when you were a good deal better off, say two years ago? Hardly worn though. You had little need to wear smart civvies in the army and with your injury and subsequent PTSD…’ William emerged from the bathroom, eyeliner repaired. ‘Sorry that was a little personal-probably.’
' Yes. I had hoped after five years maybe they would have forgotten me, but they never really let you leave. A small community like ours – they are never very far away.' Soo Lin was tearful and Sherlock couldn't help but wonder, given where she'd chosen to live, how far away Soo Lin really wanted to be.
The scruffy box containing the Graeme evidence was sitting, pride of place, on Lestrade’s coffee table. Sherlock lifted the lid. It looked tedious but it would be just the sort of thing to keep him occupied till Graeme made a move - or John's heat started.
‘Keen this morning are we? John said amusement in his voice.
He pulled them into a quiet seating area off the main room, standing in front of a gaudy print of a ship being tossed on rough seas.
‘Sir William’s office – the bank’s former Chairman. The room’s been left here like a sort of memorial. Someone broke in late last night.’
‘Something tells me this one isn't interested in my looks.’
'Don't you need to...I mean, aren't you in a hurry ..?' Sherlock broke off awkwardly - actually blushing.
'They are called the Black Lotus. By the time I was sixteen, I was taking thousands of pounds’ worth of drugs across the border into Hong Kong. But I managed to leave that life behind me. I came to England.They gave me a job here. Everything was good; a new life.'
He didn’t know what to think about it. Fortunately the work was, for now, more absorbing. Almost too absorbing.
‘No-I wasn’t- I just wondered if you could use a little help from an old soldier?’ John smiled hopefully. Perhaps the evening wouldn’t be a complete washout after all.
Much use has been made of the Arianedevere transcripts on life journal. Thank you!
Sherlock fussily fastened his second second shirt of the morning.
He felt a mix of pleasure and pain for a few moments as his body accommodated the extra stretch of the knot. Then a sudden shock of pleasure tipped the balance. He shouted as he came,copiously, on to the bed below him. He was aware of John stroking his side through the shivery aftershocks, the alpha murmuring soothingly.
He was in the process of tucking himself and the jumper into bed when his phone buzzed again.
'You're a bit past visiting I'm afraid.'
'One of them must have gotten sticky fingered.' Sherlock said thoughtfully. He drifted into his own thoughts for a few seconds. Something was nagging him, a woman, a Chinese looking woman taking pictures on the street outside the shop earlier. He was sure he'd seen her before, just at the point his heat was starting but, as was often the case at the start of his heat, his memory was hazy. Why, even if they realised he was on to them, would the smugglers want his picture?
John nodded. Beta parents reliably meant beta offspring. The genetic anomalies rare enough that the army didn't bother with the expensive tests for beta recruits.
'You're overcomplicating Sherlock, always a weakness.'
‘Do I want to know? About the door?’ John grimaced.
something. What?’
All because Sherlock had asked him to.
##########
He knew this bluster was just part of Sherlock's process. Frankly, when the situation was less dire, less personal he found it hot. Lucy though was getting bombarded with scent from an agitated alpha she didn't know. Trying to fight her natural instinct to run away. She'd need to toughen up in this job, John knew, but there was no reason that they should be causing her to feel this way. 0
'We seem to have got lucky.' Greg said sipping a cup of tea and handing his phone to Sherlock who sat in his usual chair. An e-mail from Donovan about a warrant for the furniture shop with integral brothel.
‘Go home Greg.’ John said, realising this was the second time he'd said that to Greg recently and the alpha had looked like he didn't really want to go. John also realised in a flash of inspiration why Melissa had picked the alpha out, it wasn't that he was skint or due to retire, it's that he was lonely.
It was the other omega who drove as they left London behind. Transitioning from motorway to A road to B road and finally onto a single track. Then onto what John realised was a driveway as they passed a Lodge house and made their way through an elegant park.
'It was here, just now lots of it, how can they have?-so quickly.' The wall John was pointing at was black and a wet paint smell hung in the air. John's bemusement quickly turned to anxiety as he realised they were being watched. Sherlock grabbed him, he needed John to focus.
Sherlock lay on his bed and half-listened until the background of cheers gave way to the drone of post match analysis and finally the front door opening as Lestrade left.
doctor, any good?’
He was about to follow, as usual, when someone across the room caught his eye. Victor.
The doctor left him with a weary smile and he made his way back to Lestrade who squeezed his shoulder. Not asking, which Sherlock was grateful for.
‘What was he like then?’ She said, backing away, moving across the room to her own workstation. ‘This last alpha?’
Sherlock sighed in exasperation having one of his 'surely everyone can see this' moments.
‘Fine. You think there's a family connection or what? This sort of stuff usually comes up when they vet you when you join the police.’
‘’The police don’t consult amateurs.’ John said, reaching down to put his socks on.
'That's that sorted then.' John said getting up from the table and squeezing Sherlock's shoulder. He moved away, as if to go to his room but then stopped and slowly turned.
(See the end of the chapter for
He hurried Sherlock through the front door, quietly shutting it behind them, though Mrs Hudson usually slept like the dead after her 'herbal soother'. He then firmly but silently pressed Sherlock back against the closed door, his gaze predatory.
‘There really is no need for nerves. ‘William said, voice and eyes soft as the hand moved down John’s belly. If this had been a date John would have been hard already. Would probably have been getting there just from following that lovely arse up the stairs.
##########
Sherlock pulled him closer, nosing his as yet unblemished scent gland. 'I know I can tell.' Sherlock purred into his ear, Drawing John's hips closer.
Captain Watson had been a skilled battlefield surgeon invalided home at the peak of his powers. A tremor in his hand following a nasty gunshot wound meant he could no longer operate, even in civilian life.
'No, I'm not being bullied into anything. Who is this?'
‘Need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don’t suppose you’d serve time for this, but let’s avoid the court case.’ In an instant he wasn't just thinking about John's hands but holding them. They were warm and steady.
'I did say as soon as I got you inside.' John grinned wickedly, one hand going to Sherlock's belt but his hand was swatted away, the detective looking over his shoulder with a frown. John turned to see the light in 221a had gone on.
'It looks like a bond bite.' John sounded appalled. 'I thought he was a beta?'
almost.' Matt raked fingernails along the skin of his belly leaving angry streaks. 'Is it normal? Medically I mean for it to feel this..' Matt flopped down into the nest.
Packing complete, John wrote a note to Sherlock, treble underlining BUY MILK, before sticking it to the fridge. He picked up his bag and keys and he headed for the door just as it was flung open. Sherlock looked like he'd been dragged through a hedge, literally. His precious coat was filthy and fragments of dead leaves were tangled in his hair.
John grinned but looked through his eyelashes, shy. 'What are you offering?'
'Staying over, I've always got a few things in the car in case work runs overnight.'
They carried on that way through the rest of the heat. John was inside him, enthusiastically, when needed. The alpha all but took over the readings and even made some suggestions about the experiment.
'Yeah, you were asleep so I decided I'd be comfier.'
'You were trying to defend my honour Dr Watson?' Sherlock said and kissed John's palm softly in return.
John thought,
‘A bit of research.’ He said, snapping the laptop shut. John nodded and he had the suspicion that John had a fair idea what he’d been looking at.
He suddenly found his own exhaustion overwhelming. He pushed a couple of hardbacks to the floor before lying down heavily.
‘They don't know where hes been taken.’ John finished.
John had started to feel better about Harry, eventually, he'd stayed a week longer than planned. She'd finally lost that stillness that made her seem like an accident waiting to happen.
‘Sorry this is the best we can do.’
'What happened with him?' The detective said, his voice tight as he peered out the side window. The car moving out into traffic.
Mrs Hudson made an unappreciated fuss of Sherlock, kissing him on the forehead, and they left. John awkwardly circled the room, pausing to take in the fine view of the loading bay from the window before the silence was broken by an exasperated sigh from the detective.
‘You know its fine, its all fine.’ John looked at him a little sad.
'Just like normal between you two then.' Greg said smiling.
'Most alphas are morons.' Sherlock said, getting up and stretching. 'I think I'll take my pills and go back to bed.'
'What about the omega side?' Greg continued patiently.
'John, just wanted to let you know it's much appreciated.' There was a creak in the background and John imagined Mycroft leaning back in a heavy leather chair in some far flung outpost of the Diogenes Club.
smiling
‘Oh, this is nice.’ She said, not missing a beat and not the slightest phased. ‘You’ve got a client, shall I ask him to come back?’
'Stuart James. Pleased to meet you.' There was a firm handshake for John and a respectful nod the Sherlock.
‘There must be something here John. Graeme must have made some mistake.’ Sherlock said, beginning to sift.
Sherlock turned from his phone to scowl at the security camera that now pointed in their direction. Though he couldn’t deny John’s stance was alert, his bearing military.
There was a shuffling about as they cleaned up with paper towels and zipped up. Managing something approaching a post coital cuddle propped against the wall.
John flicked his hips experimentally and Sherlock felt the slide against his balls.
The thought, the scent, the proximity, had something stirring, something he would have thought should be dormant until his next heat.If instinct had been his only guide he would have wrapped himself around the alpha and rubbed against him shamelessly. Tourists or not. Maybe it was his imagination but he would swear he could feel the blood rushing to the alphas groin. To swell, fill the dormant flesh.
‘John…’ He pleaded, though he knew it was futile.
'I know, we can see how it goes.' John leaned in for a stroke of his hair. No need to say that ,safe at home, they might hate the sight of each other.
'I...I've been celibate for a good while but you should probably know...'
They lay down side by side, the alpha, quickly taking the lead again, alternated between greedy plundering kisses and a sustained but somehow delicate assault on his neck. Normally an alpha paying this much attention to his neck would make him nervous, but with Sherlock it felt right. If they did nothing else, John thought, he was fairly sure he could get off eventually just from what the detective was doing to the sensitive spot beneath his ear.
‘You haven't, have you?’ John's eyes burn into him a mix of annoyance and hope for a second before he schools it into something more neutral. ‘So what now then, do we go looking for Van Coon?’
. The lack of an alpha , the parcel.'
‘It's this house. It's personal. She didn't exactly want to be caught but if she was she was going to make damn sure you knew who you were catching. Wouldn't surprise me if she hasn't been doing your job for you, collating incriminating evidence on her bond mate.’
'I'm sorry.' Sherlock exclaimed breathlessly, to John's confusion until the omega realised he was looking at John's still hard cock.
'What should I wear?' John said, partly as a way to break the tension.
Raz looked surprised for a second and Sherlock realised John's scent would be all over this place. Realised Raz was probably wondering why it wasn't all over him. 'Yeah, I mean don't get me wrong its secure, you can tell its run by ex military but..'
'Not really.' Sherlock noted the brick in the man's hand and could practically hear the wheels turning in his head as panic set in.
Just as John was about to ask more questions Mrs Hudson showed Greg in, gushing about how handsome he was dressed up. He looked worried and when the landlady left they found out why.
'Its just this evening, its sort of flowed, it never normally flows for me. I...'
'Who is he? Have you met him before? ' Sherlock said gently.
'Hopefully. I'll come by later if that's OK.'
He felt slight relief as he saw Lestrade's car draw up behind the two marked cars and drawing on all his willpower he half carried John towards the car. The omega gradually becoming more limp and pliant in his arms.
Dimmock, who had been scribbling hurriedly in his notebook as Sherlock spoke, looked up, expectantly. 'So, where's the pin now?'
'Sorry to bother you at this time Mr Holmes. Can you put your brother on he's not answering his phone.' Anthea, his brothers assistant. Confusion gave way to panic before he answered.
' And you’ve no idea what it was?' Sherlock said.
Greg answered at an almost whisper, another voice in the background. 'Wasn't expecting to hear from you yet. Congratulations.'
'Niall Gray, captain as was. Honourable discharge from the Yorkshires four years ago at which point he moved to continue aspects of his work in a civilian capacity.'
Sherlock wasn't sure he actually responded as he stared at the books but a cold glass was pressed into his hand.
The man who walked in and settled was…
The flat was chaos. Lestrade sitting in his chair while Donovan, Anderson and the others gleefully pulled the place apart. ‘What are you doing?’ Sherlock said, though really he already knew.
John looked at himself in the mirror, adjusting his tie while his mate primped behind him. Sherlock met his eye and frowned.
'He's my flatmate. We've lived together about four months I think.' The doctor looked surprised and scribbled something.
‘I don’t know.’ Sherlock said shrugging, I've only just.. I need time.’
Bill went through the formalities, from STD testing to keeping their respective CO’s notified about when they were likely to be absent. ‘Ok, I'll leave you two to talk. Paperwork is open the table for signature if it all goes well.’ Bill took his leave.
'God yes. Wait there and I'll clean you up.' Sherlock lay, strangely comfortable under the ministrations of this virtual stranger, as John wiped him clean with several damp flannels from the bathroom. John talking all the time, about how He was trying to get work as a locum GP and how was really needed to move out of too expensive London. 'Well,' John said finally. 'I suppose I should get back downstairs. My lift needs to leave at half eleven so...'
Half an hour later they were walking towards the car dealership.
They'd talked a little about the heat and they were both looking forward to it or at least they had been. It had started to feel playful almost. John remembered the thrill of messing about at Sherlock's parents the other day and it felt like a lifetime ago. He was suddenly angrier at Graeme and his minions than his wiped out body could handle because Sherlock and him both deserved this and
. I had wondered if I could do the same myself in future.’ The alpha looked hesitant. No doubt fearing the wrath of Mycroft. Before he left though he had filled two sheets of hotel notepaper with detail.
'Sooner this gets sorted, the sooner we can get away from this stuff. It really matters now.' He said as he turned towards Joe and for a second rested a hand on the omega's belly.
'Don't be like that John, I'm buying, besides it can only help if Lestrade is known to have an omega with expensive tastes.' Their eyes met briefly in the mirror.
##########
'Fine, just going to lie down where it's quiet.' He made to leave but John pointedly slid his eyes in Lestrade' s direction.
'Yeah, something like that.' John cleared his throat and looked up. They both grinned.
'I know. We'll manage.' Sherlock kissed his bond bite tenderly and John reluctantly dragged the hand from his belly. Trying to get back to the present, the work.
'What makes it a family room?' Sherlock said, methodically working his way around the bland space.
'You don't want me anymore.'
‘A GP now I believe, he was a surgeon until his injury, John’s…different.’ He replied, starting to get flustered.
As he moved to perch on the chair arm he began to find the dressing gown a nuisance and scrabbled to untie the cord while nuzzling at that temptingly elegant neck.
' You must be pretty thick Raffles. Not only is there fuck all to steal but you're robbing the wrong person.'
.’ Sherlock broke off, the knot beginning to overwhelm him.
John was rushing his words in excitement, obviously on the move as he spoke.
'The doctor said your true heat will come on suddenly, that we should be prepared.Do you think you'll be well enough?' Sherlock's knees were now pulled in towards his chest and he looked anxious and fragile himself.
The other alpha walked across the room to where both John and the ledgers were. The omega chose that moment to burst from the wardrobe but it was ever so slightly off. The alpha was close enough to push the door back in his face and the gun clattered across the wooden floor.
‘Sherlock, not like this.’ He said gently, pressing against the detective's shoulder, bone and muscle taut under his hand. Sherlock scrambles to his feet.
'What did he want a bath for? John asked.
‘Yeah, I think so. Then when I started to talk to you, got you upstairs and you started to touch me I sort of wished I was on a date.’ Sherlock shifted and frowned.
With a clearer head, John found he was brimming with affection for the detective. Feeling the strength of their connection stronger than he ever had. He wanted to go home pull Sherlock into their bed and sleep for a day surrounded by the alpha's scent.
. Sherlock thought as sleep began to further cloud his brain.
As they'd got up after the ceremony in the cold, damp chapel John saw him for the first time. Sitting at the very back, almost behind an ornate gothic pillar. John had only noticed him because the bride had singled him out for a hug as the happy couple walked up the aisle. Like she was surprised and delighted he was there.
Unable to spin things out any longer, he launched into the usual quick fire explanation, adding in a few dramatic touches for the benefit of two uniforms, who were staring at him starstruck and Donovan who (to his satisfaction) looked as if she was close to hitting him.
Under the heavy drag of sedation everything fragmented. He felt occasional dry cool fingers and was aware of an IV line going into his hand. He still felt every pang of longing, every ache but it was experienced as if through a viscous liquid. There was an odd lack of urgency as he sobbed pathetically, humiliated, as he called out for the alpha he'd been separated from.
Julie closed the door over as she came through from the desk. 'Young man out there won't give his name but insists on seeing you. I've explained you're not on call but no one else would do. He was in a couple of days ago as well apparently. Look for yourself, behind the leaflets.'
'It sounds like you both did OK. Why you didn't just let me know you were going or better still let me handle it...' Lestrade tailed off.
Lestrade was holding two alphas at a police station far enough out of town that it was only just covered by the Met. Clients, the staff had got away somehow. Paranoid about who he could trust. A low profile seemed sensible and his usual garb was getting a little too well known these days.
'Did it occur to you that Dr Watson stood ready to serve?'
.’ Williams hand had landed on his prominent erection and then pulled away again as if stung.
'I mean I obviously wouldn't but - I couldn't think straight'
‘Theoretically, ethically. It would be fine if he consents, a surrogate. A natural heat would be best first time anyway . There are hardly any alphas here though, this unit…’ The penny dropped with John.
'Come on.' Sherlock got up suddenly and John hurried alongside.
'I asked.' John smiled sheepishly, keeping his eyes closed to better appreciate the alpha's touch. 'At the hospital, I checked, no reason a bond wouldn't take.' Sherlock stopped and John opened his eyes.
'I am hungry though.' Sherlock said, by way of apology.
‘Have a seat if you like.’ A leg stretched out of the bundle to push out a chair and John couldn't help noticing how impossibly long and graceful it was in slim fitting navy trousers.’That’s if you feel you
'He needs someone to watch his back.' John said.
‘Thank you.’ He replied coming out from behind the curtain. He meant it sincerely.
They got a drink and found a space among the crowd in the gallery. Making small talk amongst themselves. John had delayed the plan to spend the day doing touristy stuff with Harry after last nights drama but they'd still managed the National Gallery in the afternoon.
‘Old fashioned but it might help.’ John set the tray down and gently pressed the hot water bottle to his stomach. It did help.
He'd always been fine at crime scenes. Crouching beside bloated rotten corpses while officers with twenty years experience discreetly retched on the perimeter. He realised though, as they climbed the stairs to Joe's flat he'd underestimated this.
‘Excellent.’ Sherlock said, suddenly on his feet. ‘I could use a man of your skills.’
‘Yeah, nothing. They're too smart for that. We know where they are, Jim and Melissa. Birthday party, someone they know from years back. Haven't moved all evening apparently.’ Sally suppressed a yawn herself.
‘Outside of…’
‘He could look at you and tell you your whole life story. You’d come down to breakfast in the Formal Hall and this freak would know you’d been shagging the previous night.’ Sebastian gave him a lecherous glance.
'I'm fine.' Sherlock whispered his voice brittle. Then they were in motion towards the bedroom. Kisses messily exchanged and clothes discarded along the way. What they still wore when they arrived was impatiently stripped before John roughly pulled the alpha down on top of him.
John sighed, he had hoped not to get into this. 'We had a thing-barely a thing-before we went out to Afghanistan. Two days before we leave I find out he's got a wife.' John turned to him, it seemed an awful lot more complicated in his head somehow but that was the gist of it.
‘An alpha alright!’ He pulled his cuff back down.
Sherlock pulled the thing off and screwed it up, sighing heavily. This happened occasionally. He was always very clear with an alpha,
‘That all sounds a bit nuts Sherlock, frankly.’ Greg looked doubtful and Sherlock could all but read his thoughts.
As the car turned into Baker Street John found himself pleasantly draped in consulting detective. Sherlock's head rested on his shoulder and one long thigh had hooked over his knee allowing him to lazily run his fingertips up and down the inside leg of the immaculately tailored grey suit.
‘And you invaded Afghanistan.’ He said smoothly. John positively giggled. It was spontaneous, carefree, it was a relief to see him like this.
Lestrade stood behind him as he looked at the young naked man, the thick smell of omega fear clung stale to the cold body.
'No, but it may be my brothers though.' Sherlock joked weakly. 'I'm sorry too, really. I'm used to working alone. I should never have left you outside and I certainly shouldn't have tried to hide what had happened.' Sherlock glanced sideways at John but it was too dark to judge the alphas expression.
He found Joe perched on a wall at the edge of a loading bay near the kitchen doors. The only others nearby were a beta couple who were not nearly as discreet with the joint they were smoking as they seemed to think.
‘Yes?’
'You know I've never been with anyone properly.'
They left the shop and got into a cab, travelling into a part of town John was unfamiliar with. It had the look of somewhere halfway to being fashionable, like most of London seemed to these days, the shop windows advertising organic this and artisanal that. Sherlock ignored all this and headed straight for an alley off a side street.
'They couldn't get Harry then?' Sherlock said sipping. He was parched.
###############
He laughed wearily. ‘She, erm, kind of propositioned me at one point. I told her I didn't want Jim’s cast offs. It's like you said, they panicked a bit.’
‘Oh.’ John continued with a kneading motion at Sherlock’s neck, teasing out muscles still drawn tight from days on a case with too little sleep. ‘So when you said that about inexperience, you meant yours?’
‘It's supposed to. It'll make it look,to both sides, like you're losing it. It will set hares running. I know you think my mind's full of John and I won't argue but at this stage it feels like we need to force something. With Joe spirited away, now this he may already be on the back foot.’
As he thought about the earlier events of the evening he decided it had probably worked out for the best. Molly had met them at Baker Street, Mrs Hudson letting her in unexpectedly. As she walked into their living room Sherlock was adjusting John's tie, making a piss-poor job of it since he didn't wear ties himself. John supposed it hadn't been what they were doing, more how they were doing it, standing so close, laughing-giggling even, hands touching. When John looked up at Molly he could see it in her eyes, she just
The detective got to the small kitchen first and to John's surprise immediately started clumsily filling the kettle and getting mugs out of the cupboard. John got himself a glass of water and the packet of ibuprofen. He sat at the table checking that the surface was covered in nothing that could be corrosive before he rested his elbows and swallowed a couple of pills.
‘Seen a lot of injuries, then; violent deaths.Bit of trouble too, I bet.’ Sherlock continued, shrugging into his coat.
‘Sherlock you spent all night…’ John said, eyebrows raised.
Was underlined at the bottom. Sherlock realised with a fluttery , queasy feeling that the book was John's. He'd been reading it on and off during Sherlock's heat.
‘Let me see Sherlock, who hurt you?’ He tried to pull away but Molly was stubborn. He petulantly removed his jacket and pulled up his sleeve.
Lestrade was obviously about to go into some tedious tirade about chain of evidence when Sherlock noticed the man behind an anxious looking Mrs Hudson. A black cab licence glinting on his chest in the dim light. The second time tonight he'd see that badge.
Sherlock’s face softened in relief, possibly confusion too. ‘The collar on that shirt is torn.’
‘Yeah, he's a detective, police detective. I'll introduce you. He's had a bit of a rough time lately with the divorce and all.’ John finished casually.
'Christ.' John said quietly. 'You think Greg has any idea?'
John sat thoughtfully in the pleasant breeze for a few minutes, watching the slow progress of Mr Holmes and company round the obviously much loved roses. Mycroft Holmes as cupid, God help them.
'Not a recent crime scene then?' John looked around at the newly laid concrete. He felt faintly silly carrying the shirt in an embossed white bag with a flourish of cerise tissue paper coming out of the top.
They are vined together, tendrilled and trellised, not moving now except to breathe, except to smear kisses into each other’s necks.
“It’ll keep,” John says after their lips part, coming back to the issue of the wine.
Unwavering reciprocation.
will suit, don’t you? And if you want, you can abbreviate it to
“I – I –
Waves punctuate the silence that follows, and Sherlock bites at his lip for a bit. “Would you like to leave?” Sherlock asks at last, and John is gratified to see the consideration in those storm-swell eyes, and the concern. “We don’t have to stay –”
His beauty is such to strike one lame;
.” Sherlock lifts his hips, half in an attempt to help John rid him of his trousers and pants, and half because John’s grip on his side seems to run a current straight through that pale body.
John’s hand is against Sherlock’s cheek, turning him, and then John’s lips are against his, Sherlock’s mouth opening for John’s, and it’s warm and wet and breathless, and John says in between kisses, “You’re not surprised,” and Sherlock doesn’t answer, instead focusing on moving backwards until the bed bumps against the backs of his knees, and they tumble backwards into sheets painted warm and gold by improbable sunlight.
Like this, still waking, feeling Sherlock breathe against him, his beating heart, the whirling frenzy of him slowed to slumber, John feels a surge of something he is done fighting.
“Oh, that’s –” Sherlock’s eyes open, and he takes another taste, and John can see the flush spread down Sherlock’s throat and chest. His eyes are dark, a little unfocused. “
Sherlock looks away, off stage.
but close enough for now, for now,
for John to come home with that small, smug smile, the self-satisfied look that says he’s slipping away again, date by date, girlfriend by girlfriend.
awake.
“Umm.” It’s the sound of someone who is aware there are no towels in the bathroom, the sound of someone who is responsible for there being no towels in the bathroom. The silence that follows that sound implies that this certain someone will take the story of their involvement to the grave.
“Not always.” Fuck.
“It’ll only be for a little while, John –”
.” He lifts a hand to run a thumb along Sherlock’s cheekbone, wanting to wipe away the sadness in his expression, the anguished acceptance in his eyes. “If anything is missing from anywhere, then it’s that you were missing from my life before, alright?” John lifts his tentacles from the rocking water, lets saltwater rain from them to the surface
“This – I –” Sherlock tries, stops, swallows, and John releases his wrists from their fabric prison.
Sherlock’s soft moan sends thrills of pleasure along John’s skin, raising little bumps, making the three less occupied tips of his tentacles curl and twist like wriggling toes where they twine around pale limbs. “I –” Sherlock swallows. “I’m sorry I don’t have any,” Sherlock says in a rush. “For you. I am though. I am.”
‘I assumed. Victor Trevor. Listen this is supposed to be a red or white only do but I can probably scare up a malt if you fancy?’
‘Who told you that?’ John said, trying to sound flirtatious but a little thrown that someone had been talking about him. He knew doctor was a fair guess, at this do.
His brother's voice sombre inside his head.
'A body?' Lestrade nodded grimly.
‘Can you keep an eye on her out there, see if she calls anyone, does anything?’ Sherlock said, he was trying to be polite, calm, not to appear as if he was giving Donovan orders. She looked at him hard for a few beats.
John glanced, with a little regret, at the receding figure of the bridesmaid. All soft curves in slinky green satin, before grabbing the remainder of his drink and heading outside. Shutting the doors decisively behind him, he stood as if to take in the cool night air.
'Fuck.' John said holding the thing between shaking fingers.
'Thanks. Something's been delivered here you'll want to see-Who is that with you?' As John asked the question he recognised the distinctive voice-
'So you think he just snapped?' John asked.
'Look at the bin. Lopez swept up every day before he left, tidied, he wouldn't have left it like this.' Sherlock gestured at the curls of wood on the floor. 'He stepped out and never came back.'
Plush lips hit John’s slightly off centre, pulling back before pressing in again. Harder, wetter, clumsily opening for him. The kiss grew smoother and deeper as Sherlock bloomed in confidence.
'Your father. He was just young he ...' Sherlock made to go on but Lestrade held a hand up.
It proved quick anyway. Mouths and hands and skin on skin friction working with the risk of being caught to quickly make them a sticky breathless mess. John was glad he'd stripped actually. The thought of having to drive back to London with Mycroft in come stained clothing was too horrible to contemplate.
Grovelling apologies for not touching this for so long.
When he woke up the slant of the sun across the room told him he'd slept for a couple of hours. He panicked at first, that the Alpha would have left him. He needn't have, his first full breath was loaded with scent, pheromones. Heavy but somehow also refreshing.
Sherlock printed a large copy of the symbols from the wall in an effort to work. The location, next to one of busiest train lines in the city suggested they wanted as many people to see it as possible. He was sure it was some sort of call to arms but that put him no nearer the meaning of the thing. There was still no reply from John nearly a day later.
'Fine. Hopefully once we've spoken to them there'll be some more news about John.' Sherlock was already pulling his coat from the hook and heading for the door. Lestrade trailed behind getting a final mouthful of tea as he picked up his car keys.
'How is this going to work then, do I know you or what?' John said, he couldn't pretend that he wasn't the tiniest bit pissed off with Sherlock for muscling in. This had been, for a change, his thing.
They retired to the washroom leaving one of Sebastian's colleagues to try and salvage the client.
He went to his room where the photographs were still spread on his bed and as he turned to the following alpha he realised that leading John to his bedroom was not the best way to go about things - too late now.
'Of course, a lone alpha would stand out. That's why I'm not dressed either.' He had neglected to mention Anthea.
Back at Scotland Yard the pace changed significantly and John could all but taste Sherlock's irritation with the dry admin of statements on one hand and the tedious procedure of questioning the Graeme's on the other. He stayed though, for another case he'd likely have been long gone. John found himself incredibly proud of himself and Sherlock when two senior officers came over and thanked them. Very much unofficially - but still.
‘Here, let me.’ Sherlock removed John's tie and opened the shirt down to his chest, letting the overheated skin breathe. It brought his nose close to the scent gland and the thick pheromones caught in the back of his throat.
“Come here,” he says, lying back again against the shallow slope of the inlet sand. The water is up to just below his ears now, although his feet are more than submersed. “Shift up – like that – yes,” he urges, guiding Sherlock to kneel between his spread legs. “Do you want to –?”
This – situation – is unusual, yes, and definitely unfamiliar, but in no way does it feel
nature.
In front of John there is sand and sea and Sherlock – and it’s Sherlock that clues John in that they’re not in any sort of danger: he’s standing a little ways away with his shoes and socks off, his long, wriggling toes rooting into the sand, while the rest of him is still the picture of posh, city propriety – suit and coat and all, despite the steadily warming day. Behind him, the morning sun is striking the inky blue water, and it becomes a series of silver slivers laid over a deeper darkness, to the effect that Sherlock is outlined in light and shadow, backlit by the sea.
“You mean that,” Sherlock says, and his voice holds a quality of wonder, a breathless edge. It isn’t hope – it’s realization. He swallows, and it seems like he might be overcome, or close to it, his eyes darting side to side as his mouth slackens into an open hang.
,” John hisses. “I’ve got you, I’ve got you,” he says, keeping Sherlock tilted so that spot inside him flares like a lighthouse with each of John’s thrusts.
In a flash he's back, transported to one of the rare days Before when Sherlock had joined him in the weekly run to Tesco's. He'd followed John around, seemingly lost in thought, but every time John had thought he'd lost him, he'd turn around and there Sherlock was, absorbed in his phone, or in the ingredients list on a tin of canned asparagus, or the warning label on a box of multi-surface cleaner.
Sherlock arches a brow. “That paraphrasing is correct.”
When the cab pulls up outside number 221, Sherlock lingers to pay, which is odd, but John’s body is on autopilot while his mind turns over and over, and he’s in the door and up the stairs and stepping into the middle of the living room before he even realises Sherlock isn’t ahead of him or beside him or even behind him. He feels that absence suddenly, acutely, and as he does, something happens:
“What?” Sherlock asks, chest heaving. “Like the wine?”
“Kind of hard to do this in the tub,” John says, his laughter lapsing into tired huffing. Sherlock hums, his eyes flicking up from where he’s tracing spirals into John’s skin to meet John’s fond stare through his lashes. The resourceful gleam in his gaze has John grinning right alongside Sherlock’s smirk – he somehow doubts the size of the tub is going to deter Sherlock from trying to ‘replicate results’ as he would put it.
,” Sherlock urges, and John looks up then, still blinking back the half-sleep his body had managed to scrape together, his tours in distant, drier sands having taught him how to be awake and aware despite aching fatigue. He does so now, trying to absorb as much of his surroundings as possible, in case this isn’t a planned stop, in case this is the beginning of some new trouble.
” Sherlock all but squeaks, voice a high, barely-there whisper, and then shudders into seething, responsive motion as John gasps and begins to shunt into Sherlock, both their hips rocking with referred motion as John’s tentacle sets up a hard rhythm of thrust and retreat.
“Yes,” Sherlock says a moment later, and John nuzzles closer. He turns the cloth so a clean side is ready for Sherlock’s skin – but first, he gets his mouth right against Sherlock’s perineum and kisses him. The smell – sex layered over Sherlock’s musk – is heady, and John inhales deeply. “Oh,” Sherlock says weakly, and John reaches up to check – yes: aroused again, erect again.
“I’m going to move,” John says after a spell, and proceeds to lie still for another minute or so, his body singing with fullness, with pressure, with heat, with being held –
John’s breath gets tangled on the way in, caught up in his throat and his heart and his hope; it seems everything has decided to form a lump right where he needs air to flow. He swallows, swallows again. “I don’t want to pretend,” he says at last.
Sherlock comes with a keening cry, arms shaking, hips jerking, and John can feel little kisses of warmth against his stomach and ribs before Sherlock’s come is swept away by the grotto’s agitated wavelets. Somehow, it is those brief flares of sensation that tip John over into orgasm, his body stiffening, his tentacles tightening in their coils, his dorsal tentacle pushing home into Sherlock and pumping warm slick into him, less than during his Tide, but still enough that Sherlock gasps from the sensation, the breath punched from him with each new, powerful contraction.
Sherlock’s mouth opens on a silent gasp, and forms around the exhale, shapes it into “
Sherlock breaks away with a breathy cry. “I want to –”
“Now – I want –
Never had they mentioned he might find the other sides of those darknesses – adventure, companionship, purpose – and now this: his friend, his mate, his Sherlock, and by the smell and feel and taste of him, his home.
John beams. “Whose fault might that be?”
“Dance with me, idiot.”
The way John’s next breath is rather shaky tells Sherlock his attempt at communicating might have been successful, because it seems John is overcome; he tilts his head away from Sherlock’s, which won’t do, because Sherlock means to hunt down his mouth and taste this moment, and he squirms and curls around John until their lips slot together, and their mouths are almost acidic with emotion, the tang of what was just said coating their tongues and lips and jaws and throats and eyes and –
for Sherlock and
If John is spending his time with Sherlock, then surely it is safe to admit that Sherlock is spending his time with John. He only has to invite John to two crime scenes before the good doctor begins tagging along without prompting, clearing his schedule and assuming his place beside Sherlock, crouching beside cadavers, conferring in quiet tones the likely causes of death.
He thinks of sharing laughter and adrenaline and heady success, their breaths huffing into shared space, turning to look at one another – and on so many nights, this has been enough for the fantasy to unfold (hands reaching, mouths meeting, culmination, climax).
“I should have asked,” Sherlock points out, “instead of springing a trip home on you.”
Rather than speak, John lifts his placard with his one word answer:
“Sherlock, it’s broad daylight!”
back out (the pebbles turning and rolling and settling as water fills the spaces between them before sluicing back towards the sea, frothing as it goes, only to be plowed into the beachfront again by the next incoming wave), all of it is suddenly obvious, undeniable.
“This,” Sherlock agrees. “
“Anything,” John whispers. “Anything, anything.”
“You two are just lovely,” Carlton simpers, and John has to work at keeping a smile on his face. Whatever exists between him and Sherlock, nebulous as it is, the last thing it wants or needs is to be put into words by the glib man in front of them.
John shrugs, just holds him tighter, and somehow, having the air crushed from his lungs loosens some words for him:
Sherlock’s frown, only just smoothed out, snaps back into place. “What?”
“Too much?” John asks, because if it were him, a second go so soon would not be welcome.
,” Sherlock says, and there’s a note of warning and eye-rolling impatience and pleading in there all at once.
John huffs out a laugh as his tapered tentacle slips further in, contracting to squeeze out a coating of slick as it goes. “Give – give it a moment – there, oh
And just like that, John is done waiting, worrying. His mouth is against Sherlock’s, his hands are all over that skin, rubbing, pressing, clutching, his legs are caging longer, paler ones.
“Is this an experiment?” John asks. His left hand can’t quite decide between clenching at his side and lifting to seek a hold. John tries to still it as he asks, “Or is this you taking a risk?”
“Your answer, if you please, John?” Carlton breaks in, and John blinks at him, having almost forgotten the man was there at all.
He slips from the room to grab a towel, walking carefully as his tentacles wind themselves back into their dormant places, despite being nowhere near flaccid enough to pull their disappearing act.
?” His tone is petulant and plaintive, as if he thinks the bloody audience will see his version of sense and perhaps disabuse John of his silly notions of food safe spaces.
“Oh god,” John gasps. “Me, too – I couldn’t – I didn’t think – but I do, god, you – you, I want you –”
“Like
‘Stay with me,’ I did not beg,
It has to be. Please, it has to be, because:
“Oh god, there,
“I just don’t like the idea of being on stage while you take me to pieces with your deductions.”
Which is the sole reason why he hugs Sherlock.
“I – yes. I –” Pressed as close as he is, John can feel Sherlock’s frown. “Yes.”
thing to ask, to wonder - and most people ask this at some point, but few actually want an answer. Fewer still care what that answer is, and then there’s John, who will wait and wait for an answer, pry it loose from Sherlock’s lips like it’s a precious jewel, as if it were integral to John’s continued existence that he knows whether Sherlock’s ‘ok’ or not.
"John," Sherlock would reply, voice deep, the way he knows catches John’s ear, John’s attention - John’s interest?
John can’t help the giggle that escapes him. “It’s probably one of my jumpers. He’s managed to burn two of them so far – I know that was you, Sherlock, don’t pull that face – but probably the Christmas jumper my sister knit me takes the prize. He can’t
Sherlock is quiet for a long moment. “What if I want to?”
“Alright?” John asks, and there’s a bit of a grin, and it takes an age for Sherlock to recognize it as such. “Hey – everything ok?” Concern layered over the grin – how does John
John hugs him closer. “Yeah.” He sounds miserable.
“Agreed.” Sherlock pulls back a little, almost bashful now, and asks, “So – can we – will you –?”
John pushes up against Sherlock, overcome by his voice, his pleasure – and then John feels it. With Sherlock collapsed against him, still trying to shift his hips to give John what he needs, pressed so close – there’s no mistaking it: the warmth, the wetness of the mess Sherlock’s made of his pants, and
At last John pulls out, hand still slippery slick, and he takes a hold of himself and strokes himself wet and ready.
“Excretion,” Sherlock supplies with a slight hitch in his breath, and John can’t help the fondness that breaks through his want for just a moment. Sherlock in the moment, in the act, remains Sherlock nonetheless, and John gives into the warmth in his throat and chest that spills over into a grin as he watches Sherlock’s eyes try to flutter open.
– and swallows some air down accidentally when he tries to breathe normally. “I thought you were going to be furious, but maybe not, now, seeing as –”
“Stop it,” John says, because he can now, his throat no longer locked around an unworded question. “Stop it, Sherlock, and just…just answer me.” John draws a heaving breath and finally asks: “Was what happened on that stage… real.” He’s so tightly strung he can’t even manage inflection in his words.
“Sherlock?” Sherlock sags back into the waiting cradle of John’s fore-tentacles, and John steadies him with his hands. The water in the tub is down to a few inches, and at least two shirt buttons are digging into John’s shins where he’s somehow ended up kneeling.
“You don’t have to say it back right now, you know.”
John huffs a laugh.
John lifts an eyebrow and Sherlock blushes which is
Sherlock does a little half-shrug and moves forward to put the bottle he’s still holding on the counter John’s just cleared. “Well,” he says, but doesn’t add anything else. He clears his throat. “If you’d prefer take out –”
now –
Carlton boggles at them both. His eyebrows are in danger of becoming one with his hairline. “So you’re saying John’s right? You don’t fantasize at all?”
“Ah,” John says, master at delicate answers that he is. “Um.”
His voice keens out of him in thin ribbons and tattered gasps, a tapestry of sounds unravelling with each touch from John’s hand and fingers and lips and –
Sherlock pulls the offending layers from John even as they sit up, and then while John is still blinking at the sudden divestment, Sherlock opens and pushes his trousers and pants down. John does a fair job of catching up, shimmying out of hastily unbuttoned jeans, and then they are naked, side by side, breathing hard and looking at each other.
“Condoms?”
“Oh come now, Doctor, hardly an impressive observation or conclusion.” An elegant gesture displays long fingers and the angular swivel of a wrist.
“Ah,” Carlton says with a knowing look. “Lets the veggies go a bit
In short, John Watson is not having a good time, certainly because of the atmosphere – people everywhere, smotheringly close, especially the hen-do that requested the wailing currently playing – but also just as certainly because of the one person not currently invading his space.
Sherlock huffs at the intrusion, but there’s a smile tucked into the curl of his lips, and John can’t help but shake his head and smile as well. He lifts his answer card to show his answer:
“Yes.” Sherlock breathes out a few even breaths against John. “It’s...good.” His voice is still quiet, but it seems, perhaps, a bit more sure of what it’s saying.
John follows, though, intent to return the favour and the feeling, and Sherlock trembles underneath John’s palms – he’s shifted to be just about chest to chest with John at this point – as John licks deeply into his mouth.
?” he asks at last, voice a little hoarse, and he would love to blame it on the salt edge to the air, but his throat was made to breathe this air, current difficulties notwithstanding.
Beside him, Sherlock tilts his head to shoot him another look – this one seems almost concerned – but John is more worried about getting an answer down without combusting from embarrassment.
John’s breathing is still harsh as he asks: “Sherlock, are you –?”
Sherlock pulls off with a smirk. “That’s for waking me up.”
“Well,” Sherlock says, breathless again as his chest arches up into John’s testing bite, “I
John waits in the cramped brick hallway when Sherlock darts into the production manager’s office – it’s says R. Lionel on the door. He assumes it’s to do with the case, so he just leaves Sherlock to it. Besides, he doesn’t have any words to add, at the moment. He hears voices inside, an intense murmur, but the walls are thick and the door seems to be soundproofed.
Sherlock had huffed a breath out through his nose, but his face had remained otherwise impassive, utterly blank.
“Oh god John,” he pants at last, “is it – does it always feel like that?” His voice is a little soft, a little overwhelmed.
“Your last test results were satisfactory. And I have been clean for a long time, John.” Slender fingers curl around John’s waist, insistent, guiding, bring him back over Sherlock.
Sherlock’s hands are drifting south, too, except drifting is the wrong word. It feels predatory, targeted, like some laser-focused beam is homing in on nipples, rib cage, hipbones –
But there’s no time to come to terms with it; Carlton is asking the next question and Sherlock’s giving John a look, so John gives himself a shake and takes a breath and pays attention.
“Is this alright?” he asks, and Sherlock is panting, but he makes space between the rushed breaths to say, “Yes, obviously.”
A moment later he'd called for John to join him, and John had gone to see what was what.
; having it with you was a complete surprise – wonderful and brilliant and perfect, yes – but still completely unexpected, unlooked-for.” John looks up into Sherlock’s eyes, tries to will the meaning across the space between them. “Even if I never have one again, I won’t miss it – the best part of my Tide wasn’t what happened during – it was what happened after, between us.”
Toast, scones, and biscuits are inherently dry and given to shedding a crumb or two.
He gets them settled on their knees, facing each other, still cinched together with his ventral tentacles, and begins the slow advance of his dorsal tentacles, their slit tips not nearly as swollen or needy as they were during his Tide, but still all too eager to explore his mate’s quivering skin.
Against his chest, dark curls move, and an exhale flares damp and hot against cool skin. John tightens his right arm around shoulders and knobby spine, rocking his head against the cushion of his left arm.
John can’t help it – he closes his eyes.
Sherlock is just a shade too elegantly cool as he responds, “Is there a difference?” for John to buy it.
“Oh?” John feels a shiver race up his spine even as heat saunters down into his belly. Just then
“It’s called ‘trading,’” he says at last, “but it just means letting go of your water – your home water,” he clarifies. “That’s when you let the sun and the land and the wind bake it away. It distills you into human form, and it means you can’t ever really go home – but then again when I did it, I never thought I’d want to go home. Still don’t. Never felt like much of a home, anyway.” He tries for a smile, feels its ache, and stops trying. “Oh, and you can forget about me showing you my other form, first off because you’d only want to take samples, and second because I can’t, it won’t work without my home water. So you can put those big eyes and pouting lip away, don’t bother.”
A few harsh breaths, and John slumps forward, catches himself on his elbows, and proceeds to kiss Sherlock as thoroughly as he can with his mouth slack from pleasure. He slips a hand down to help as he pulls out, gentling the skin of Sherlock’s thighs and arse, stroking the skin that’s slippery with come and lubricant.
“John and Sherlock Watson, married two months now, and just back from their honeymoon in the South of France – how was it lads?”
Annnd there it is.
“Oh,” John says faintly. “Oh
When he lets the fingers of his left hand dip below the waist of Sherlock’s trousers, Sherlock arches against him, brings their mouths together again into a searing kiss, unyielding in its intensity, just like the man himself. When they break for air, Sherlock takes John’s hands and guides them to open his trousers.
“That – has it ever felt like that. For you. Before.” Sherlock’s words buzz against John’s neck.
“Can I –?”
Sherlock is licking his lips as if in a daze when John’s eyes flutter open, both of them now well and truly caught in the Tide. It makes no sense – pheromones shouldn’t cross the DNA gap, and Sherlock is neither female nor fertile, has no Tide, will have no Tide, and yet –
“Good…that’s good.” John heaves a relieved sigh.
Sounds of writing fill the time before the chime directs them to put down their pens.
“Oh, I know
“Whose fault is that?” John asks – but he’s grinning, can’t seem to stop. “Tell you what – next time, no matter what, we’ll get ourselves to the bed –”
He doesn’t let John say anything else after that, none of the words that are clamoring to be said/thought/heard, none of the words Sherlock wants said, wants to say himself, because - because -
“And a lung exam, yes, and afterwards, if you’re tired, you can have the couch.” John feels like he’s rambling, wonders why he’s suddenly trying to convince this man he’s just met (who, according to all available evidence, causes enough trouble in his spare time that he’s on texting terms with fire services) to follow him home. All he knows is that his leg isn’t hurting for the first time in weeks and weeks and weeks – but what does hurt is the thought of climbing those stairs, closing the flat door behind him, sealing himself in with the silence and the emptiness again.
John blinks, tilts his head, replays the words in his mind’s ear. Silky, dark, the voice that utters those words is a billow of smoke on a damp breeze, smooth and somehow potent. John turns to face the source of the voice. “Sorry?”
“Oh – so then…?” There’s no mistaking the bashful, defiant, hopeful look on Sherlock’s face.
John swallows, waits for his heart to turn back over, clears his throat. “The pool,” he says, and it emerges a bit raspy. “When you saw me – the way you looked at me – I mean I didn’t even realize until you... left, but it started then. Right then.”
“Its – it’s for –”
“Smoke inhalation is responsible for more fire-related deaths than burns – surely I don’t have to tell you that?” Finally, the cold seems to get to the man – his skin has peaked into bumps, and he wraps his arms around his shoulders and shivers delicately. He curls in on himself even more, and it lends him the air of someone much younger, and much less sure of himself.
John opens his eyes to tell Sherlock to leave off and get out – and then has to stare and make sure, but yes, Sherlock is, in fact, blushing. “Are you –” John’s mouth works a bit, soundlessly, then runs away without him: “Are you volunteering?”
“Hey,” John repeats softly, and god, Sherlock can’t – he can’t –
“Me, too.”
Sherlock’s mouth drops open just a little once more, and their breaths mingle, the edge of sleep’s sourness still ghosting on their exhales. John shudders, undone by this minor detail, its absolute realness, such a very human tell, a mundane detail –
‘Yeah, but if you were clever, really clever ... She’s trying to tell us something.’ Rachel wasn't a name, he could empathise with the grief for a lost child in spite of what they all thought, but sentiment was blinding them. Rachel, in this context, was a message.
The first time had been spontaneous, unnervingly instinctive, Matt just came to his tent in the early hours and wordlessly curled alongside him on the bed. Fatigues still gritty under Johns fingers as he peeled Matt out of them. The omega impatient because they needed to take their time outside of his heat. Only later did John find out that Matt had narrowly missed being hit on patrol that day.
'Fancy a biscuit with that?' He said by way of an smart arse opener, immediately wishing he hadn't when he was forced to catch the scalding hot teapot when she dropped it.
Sherlock nodded, he found this asking for permission novel but he liked it. ‘I know some alphas need additional stimulation to maintain arousal.’ He said formally. The whole situation had a closeness to it, even though John had barely touched him. The alpha just grinned.
After John had been knocked sideways by the sight of Sherlock with Victor he had numbly watched Greg have a short, intense chat with Jim Graeme in a quiet corner of the room. The alpha had then found him and asked him to dance, agreed code for when they had what they needed and could leave, their obvious 'issues' reason enough for a hasty departure.
'We only need to see the feet .' Sherlock said, smiling to keep her on side as he joined her with Dimmock beside the two body bags.
'He’s here. He's found me.' She said, resigned somehow in the darkness.
John's words as he had pressed against him, a needy, glorious mess played back breathlessly in his head.
Sherlock indicated for John to hide in the small wardrobe which the omega did with obvious reluctance. Then, quiet as possible, he pulled out a couple of drawers from the bedside table in an effort to make this look like a simple burglary. Finally he moved his feet just loud enough to be heard.
‘Very good.’ John drew his body upwards, puffed out his chest a little.
‘Good shot.’ Sherlock said quietly when he got close enough.
‘I’m not his date.’ John said a little half-heartedly with a sidelong glance at Sherlock. Angelo, with considerable theatricality, told the story of how Sherlock had cleared his name (he had but only a bit) and insisted his money was no good before leaving them with menus.
' Good chance that's how he fell. At the moment we're more worried about the way it can inhibit healing. He needs to come off it to let his ankle heal – hence the rehab.'
'Yeah, I only knew George years later of course but he was lovely. Funny thing was after they bonded she was ready to go back to being a normal stay at home omega. She'd only worked because her first alpha drank the money, even with that as her reason she wasn't approved of by some. George though encouraged her to keep a bit of independence, saw she was happy that way. She ended up a landlady in the end, well- you've seen the picture.' Sherlock nodded, he remembered the framed print on Lestrade's desk. A formidable looking woman, behind her bar, her children sitting in front of her.
Greg came to sit with them after he'd been checked over by the police doctor and had given his own statement. The blooming bruise on his jaw the only sign of his ordeal.
Graeme.’
‘Come with me. The officer on forensics is a moron, your medical opinion would be very valuable to me.’
'The offer is there John. Goodbye'
' Chemically forced heats often produce much higher levels of the hormones...' John started in his best patient GP tone.
'I know what you need love, I just like to take my time with you.' John said entwining their hands as he finally closed his mouth around the head of Sherlock's cock, moving his tongue in a way that made the detective moan deliciously but John knew from experience didn't take him much closer to coming.
'Someone should look at that. I can't do this. I'm sorry.' John's voice was flat as he turned and walked off.
The beta fussed with the evidence bags as they walked out. Waiting to get well clear of the front door before they spoke.
'I certainly like to think so.' John said with a smile and a wink (an actual wink) as he moved to the next room to phone for the food.
'I'm surprised he even bothered trying with something like that.'
‘No, if you arrest an alpha you believe to be in rut you have to wait six clear hours for it to subside. Sally’s been talking to them for the last hour but nothing. Truth is they know that unless the omegas say something we’ll struggle to do them for anythjng. Lestrade opened the door for him and swiped them into the back office with his pass.
He'd only just stopped himself saying pub and she obviously knew it.
‘You fitted the profile you see, military, medical experience…’
THe blue screen of a laptop glows in the window as he approaches and he’s not sure if he imagines the narrow shadow passing behind. It’s not unusual for Sherlock to be up but John wonders if the detective knew he was coming. If he gave himself away by some gesture or twitch earlier in the day as they worked side by side in the lab at Barts. After all this time the deductions, the process are still half genius, half glamoury to John.
'What did you do while I was out? Other than try to burn the place down?'
‘What specific thing did you think about?’
It was only after they were seated in the small restaurant, with its wine, candles and tables for two that Sherlock realised. He’d only ever been to Angelo’s place at lunchtime before. Then it was all working lunches and families with prams but this time of day...
He had solved it within minutes of seeing the body, his wife had killed him (dull) though she had moved the body to the building site the deceased worked on with the help of her lover, confusing the issue (pathetically slightly) by staging the most appalling fake fall he'd ever seen.
‘You know it is.’ He said coolly, sipping his coffee. The dates are clearly marked. ‘What?’
The technician gestured to Sherlock and handed him a pair of binoculars. 'You might want to look, it's about to go down. They’ve got some toys down there I reckon.'
Mycroft tossed a paper napkin over the specimen bottle before beginning to fussily fish out and squeeze the teabag.
'Its just what you said earlier. You felt reckless and you got into an ill-judged love affair.' The detective looked off to the side.
A fortnight later Sherlock let himself into a hotel room. Anonymous and corporate if upscale. Comfortable, quiet, private, safe.
Sherlock stood for a moment, considering perhaps, before he held out his hand. ‘Sherlock Holmes, nice to meet you. Would you care for tea? Our landlady has left us with enough shortbread to feed a battleship.’
When he opened the bathroom door afterwards he reacted straight away to the tang in the air. As he shouted John's name his were feet already carrying him to the kitchen, towards the scent of distressed omega. He was relieved to see John leaning against the worktop. Phone in hand.
When he heard the tap on the door he assumed it would be Mrs Hudson. The landlady often called in to check on him when he was due his heat , though she didn't call it that, too coarse. He'd deleted her euphemism of choice but it involved flowers.
‘Maybe we’re on the wrong track somehow.’ John said,trying to be his usual calm self. He glanced at Lucy who sat at the computer, awaiting instructions. Her hands were shaking, she was looking at the desk, blinking rapidly, all but in tears. John felt some protective instinct bubble up.
‘Sherlock, dear. This taxi driver …’
'Well, he was off his game a little I think. Trying to break in a new minion.'
Sherlock sat back in his chair, his body language neutral. ' In a word- distraction. Trying to think with the constant bombardment of smell- it's like trying to read in a crowded train carriage with a dozen conversations going on around you. Who's just had a heat, who's about to have one-dull. I don't know how other alphas stand it- or omegas for that matter. I decided quite young I'd rather have a clear head.'
'Jason, I didn't know you were in London.' He forced himself to look his former colleague and lover in the eye just as Molly and Sherlock came back through the security door and over to the car. Jason turned towards them, his gaze pausing on Sherlock,then sweeping slowly over the detective's long form.
‘So he’s bound to know something.’
Sherlock wondered if he had ever been an indirect customer of Graeme. They were taking out another book when they heard the sickening click of the door opening and two sets of footsteps.
. Sherlock scrambled from underneath him, the over sensitised alpha gasping. Sherlock quickly crossed the room and pulled a sheet round himself.
He filed the thought away as he thrust into John.
John was surreptitiously watching the door for them coming back. He wanted to ask more questions but it seemed there was no need. He got the sense Victor found talking cathartic.
' The plaster is coming off tomorrow.' Sherlock said, breaking the comfortable silence. 'I should be more use to you then.' Fingers curled suggestively around John's hip. In spite of his recent orgasm arousal flickered in John's belly at the thought.
‘You say that but sexual relationships are the most common background for murder. I have several pages on my website devoted to the subject.’
They sat down at the table and John told him about Harry. He'd known before of course, John's drunk sibling who gifted him his phone had been one of the alpha's first deductions about his flatmate. Beyond that though John didn't mention her much.
When this occasionally happened he tended to be cold. To point out the arrangement made at the outset and that he had no further use for the alpha. Somehow, now, that seemed crass and cruel. Actually he knew it was always crass and cruel, just he didn't usually care.
There has never really been any doubt he would go with the man, a deeply unremarkable beta (apart from the serial killing). Divorced, didn't see his kids,
'It's your mate Molly that’s the pathologist on call. The local police surgeon feels out of his depth.’ Lestrade said, coming to let him through the cordon. 'The dog found him.'
‘What on earth can he be doing?’ Sherlock hissed.
‘I’m sorry.’ John whispers. Crossing the room and folding the younger man into his arms. Saying more would be agonising and possibly a lie.
'Is there nothing the day you think he died?' John asked.
‘Where did you go?’ John said stirring, muffled by the pillow. He reached out a hand and Sherlock took it, unthinking. John pulled him back on to the bed and into a comfortable pheromone heavy embrace.
There was no answer, as expected, so they tried round the side, Sherlock swinging up via an awkward fire escape and through a window. Leaving John outside without thinking.A wet patch on the floor told him He wasn't the first to upset the vase at the window.
‘I’ve been thinking over the last couple of days,’ John said, head resting on his collarbone. ‘This is all so quick. Are you sure it’s not too quick for you?’ John risked a look at him, hard question now asked.
‘I'm only going to mess you up again anyway.’ John kissed along his jaw line and down his neck, taking his time around the scent gland. Sherlock know the skin would be thin there just now. That alpha teeth would slide through like a knife through butter. After a few seconds John moved decisively away, away Sherlock realised from temptation.
'Its not that you're from the wrong sort of family. They don't care about that. In my experience truly old money never does. No, it was the gun.'
'Wasn’t this area searched before?' Sherlock said, following Lestrade into an area of undergrowth, brambles snagging his coat.
'Vintage darling.' Sherlock drawled with a fliratious eye roll to the salesman. ' I like old things, things with a story.'
Before John had a chance to bungle a smart arse reply the detective pulled him through the staff door and into the doorway of a dry goods store where they could watch the waiters move along the corridor. They waited for a few seconds until the pair disappeared into an office before quickly walking further along and ducking into the break room that adjoined it.
John had just got settled in his room when Julie showed him in. 'Sorry, didn't know what else to do.' Joe said, heavy, tired eyes meeting Johns.
'As am I brother but I have made time to come and see you.'
' You're right of course. If you need anything I will send a number you can call.'
Sherlock curtly nodded his thanks. Then, without a thought, he scooped John up and carried him up the stairs. Mrs Hudson’s cooing noise as she watched them go was ridiculous. It was simply the most efficient way of getting them both into the flat.
'Exactly, except it's not. Which should be a relief but..it may be his father.'
He had long assumed the detective was a beta, an unusually arrogant one, but a beta nonetheless. They had never talked about it, but he'd had no scent, until now.
##########
Sherlock stood and pulled his shirt over his head, unconsciously adjusting his hair before moving his hands to his waistband. As the trousers were unfastened and began to slide down over otherwise naked hips the impression John got was of roundness, abundance. Rather at odds with the long lean angles on display in his suits. Sherlock’s cock was thick and the curve of his arse was decidedly generous.
'I couldn't think of anywhere safer for it.' The alpha said, smiling nervously. They were in one of the smaller side rooms at the museum. The alpha had a display case open and was feeling around under purple silk that was being used to display Roman pottery fragments. 'She said she'd had a burglary and didn't think it was safe in her flat.'
‘Pleased to hear it.’ John said lightly. He could see Sherlock and Lestrade threading back into the room, bickering by the look of it. ‘I know we seem like a weird couple.’
##########
'OK, can you show him through?' Julie raised her eyebrows but nodded.
'Symbiotic.' Sherlock supplied. 'Isn't that what a good bond is supposed to be all about too?' It occurred to Sherlock that was probably still private, they'd barely talked about it properly themselves yet but Lestrade seemed unsurprised at the comment.
John threw a cushion which she dodged.
Sherlock was sometimes surprised that all the people he knew also knew each other-and talked about him. He'd reply to Molly later.
‘Sherlock.’ Molly sighed, her pity infuriating. ‘I wish you wouldn't do this. I wish you'd find a…’
‘Of course you’re sure why. You’re always sure why. You thought that the likelihood was a man visiting a brothel didn’t go there to be buggered. You had me right the first time though, like always, I’d have been happy with a nice hand job. As it is I got something much better.’ Sherlock’s face softened below him and he realised things had gotten awfully soppy for a a sticky fumble.
Sherlock's brother had gone to resolve something delicate but unspecified in Panama and, since it was already paid for, given them use of a car for a few days. John had long assumed that the shiny elegant Jags that occasionally abducted him were some sort of official perk. Apparently Mycroft hired them by the day, paying for them out of his own pocket to use for 'off the books' work. Being a drama queen ran in the family it seemed, at least it helped cut down the shocking amount they spent on cabs for a few days.
‘I don’t suppose I could borrow a cigarette before you do?’ Sherlock said, hoping Lestrade would catch on. They had both been on the patches for months.
'I could have handled things better.' Sherlock said. He could see surprise on Lestrade's face before he had the chance to disguise it. In other circumstances he'd have teased him about that- admitting he had been in the wrong.
Ten minutes later Lestrade was walking him out through the cordoned off site. He had hoped the case would occupy him for hours or, better still, days but now he had no reason not to go home where he knew that he was likely to lie on the sofa with John's forgotten (wonderful smelling) scarf bundled on his chest. The same way he'd spent the last two days.
They'd made progress though. Ritchie and Melissa had been at school together, their friendship confirmed by a call to a long retired head of year. The building firm was Ritchie's father's. A few records from a harried council official confirmed that there had been no new roof on the building, nothing structural. Only an internal refit.
'Can you decipher these?'Sherlock spread the various photos of the symbols on the bench in front of her.
Sherlock sat, still in his pyjamas, while he went through the file. He was aware of John making tea, taking notes, generally busying himself as the minutes turned into hours. 'Well' he said finally. 'Nothing we can do until tomorrow. We'll go and see their homes, we'll need to go to Grays flat in Wapping and Wood had spent time at his parents recently so we should see that too...' He trailed off when he turned to look at the clock. It was nearly 10pm he'd been at this for the better part of four hours.
Truth be told he blamed most of his sister's problems on presenting late. John had made most of the big decisions of his teenage years knowing he was a servant of his biology, at least up to a point. Harry was sixteen before the proto-heat that heralded the start of puberty. More than that his parents were already noting with pride the interest their assumed alpha daughter was taking in omegas. They were kindly people who accepted her for what she was but Harry never forgave herself for robbing them of an alpha child, even after they died in the car crash a few years later.
John imagined he was itching to turn up the collar on the coat right about then but it had been too warm to wear it.
'I don't see how any of this is alright.' John resisted the urge to pull his hand away.
‘Yes. I bought it for us.’ Sherlock said stepping closer.
a doctor, in fact I’m a pathologist, so I’m actually more qualified for dead people but you never ask me along what sort of Doctor is he?’
‘Surprised Mike and Molly chose it if that's the case.’
'How would you fancy a spot of moonlighting? Pays of course.'
‘No you didn’t. It’s how you get your kicks, isn’t it? You risk your life to prove you’re clever.’ The alpha was pulling him closer. He could see Donovan, Anderson out of the corner of his eye, the fools more interested in the romantic angle than the fact the alpha had obviously killed someone. For him.
‘What about health-wise?’ Mycroft said, a little more hesitant. ‘Are you prepared for…’ His brother, an alpha who ran huge swathes of government with ruthless efficiency, was actually blushing as he stumbled over the word heat. Sherlock took a mouthful of his own tea, let him dangle for a few moments.
Sherlock's phone rang and John moved to go and change clothes. The tone of voice though, quickly stopped him.
'John...' Sherlock gasped, bringing his hand up to the short hair, his eyes full of want as the doctor looked up at him.
'What happened to Anthea?'
'I'm going to stay on here. Take the pills, think about it.'
'I'm flattered you've chosen to spend time with me then.'
John sighed with gratitude as the hot shower spray fell onto his tight shoulders.
They crossed the road into a park.
‘Nearly there.’ Sherlock said, pulling John back to him and kissing the top of his head before carefully tidying up John's clothing as they travelled the last couple of hundred yards. He surveyed the street as the driver pulled over. It was quiet save for a couple of smokers outside the cafe. One of them, an alpha, made a casual crude remark and grabbed his crotch as Sherlock helped a shaky John from the car.
John fiddled with a teaspoon. ‘One, you might have hit him.’ She had floored an alpha at his medical school graduation, back when she was drinking. ‘...and two...well I was trying to keep it to myself because...Harry this is sort of it, you know? I'm due and we're planning to bond.’
‘And you can’t withhold evidence. And I didn’t break into your flat.It’s a drugs bust.’
' I have a sort of arrangement with one of my neighbours for her heats but that's all it is.' Lestrade shrugged. 'Its good in its own way. No one's pretending it's something it's not.'
‘It was my neighbours stag. You know how he’s a stockbroker, mates with money to burn. I didn’t partake of anything more than a gin and tonic in the bar.’Murray held his hands up.
The noise on the stairs broke into the suddenly heavy atmosphere.
A choking jealousy rose in his chest closely followed by frustration because he knew this was hormones, his reproductive system sputtering unpredictably to life. Precisely the sort of thing he had avoided for so long, he didn't want this, didn't want the interruption to the work, to his state of mind.
‘Its why you're here.’ Sherlock shot back, impatient now. The alpha laughed a little, nervous.
Sherlock felt fresh wetness between his legs. He used to fight this, to hate that he reacted to a well-endowed alpha this way. He'd made himself all but incoherent with cocaine on a number of occasions to try and blot out his heat. Now he welcomed the looseness in his hips, the instinctive urge to kneel, to curve his spine so that his body was presented to the alpha. He knew it was only by allowing his body this feral interlude that he could be what he needed to be the rest of the time.
'There are always rumours about how they're forced into these things-you'll know that' Sherlock let his attention drift back round to the group behind him. The slight slur (obviously had more than one before she came out) and the conspiratorial tone drawing his attention.
‘Managed the Hong Kong accounts Eddie. Lost five mill in a single morning; made it all back a week later. Nerves of steel.’ Sebastian said, scrubbing his hands dry with a towel.
##########
A fresh wave of potent scent filled the room as John positioned himself, vulnerable. Sherlock's shaky fingers brushed across his swollen, wet flesh before slipping two of them inside , meeting no resistance. He gasped, the sensation was so different to anything he'd felt before before, warmer, slicker. The omega wriggled against him.
‘You were recommended by one of your colleagues actually, John Watson.’ Sherlock acknowledged to himself that he was shamelessly fishing for information but decided it was reasonable, now John was assisting him with the work on occasion.
They followed a lead, a scribbled note with a whiff of anxious alpha, to Soon Lin's workplace, the antiquities museum.
‘You'll help me?’ Matt asked, surprised.
The posh hotel theme continued in the room William led him to. A tasteful, modern monochrome with a beautiful bed. The door clicked shut and William turned to lean on it, regarding John from a distance for a few moments before stalking towards him. Placing a hand squarely in the centre of his chest.
'I'm involved with someone, not bonded.' Sherlock said, staring at the print again, feeling he had somehow undersold his relationship with John.
' My brother doesn't know everything - John's busy.' Molly nodded, obviously not believing a word but not quite wanting to push. She started to open the crates.
It wasn't long before things moved on, he'd read about this. Alpha scent accelerating a heat. One moment he was reading about the correct procedure for the collection of hair samples the next he was soaking wet and desperate for something inside him. The alpha turned to him, pupils blown, then turned back to his laptop to save the draft of his email.
Outside the museum Raz, his grafitti artist contact caught up with them. He was a young alpha and Sherlock watched John watching him. He'd not used Raz that way. Even if he hadn't met him after he decided he preferred his heats to be an anonymous transaction Raz would never have agreed. His artistic temperament made him a romantic, in spite of his edgy medium.
Have you any idea how you look?' John murmured, sitting back for a moment to notice how a rosy blush was spreading across the alabaster skin.Sherlock moaned, maybe even growled a little.
electric. Added deliciously to the mix of hormones and adrenaline.
a slip of paper dropped out. A shopping list, mundane stuff.
For whatever reason Sherlock hadn't even thought about this. That the heat expected, tentatively looked forward to from his perspective, would still happen.
‘I'm sorry, can you make an appointment?’ The alpha replied trying to sound superior but merely sounding flustered as he looked up from his lunch.
'Can we talk about tomorrow ?' John said, desparate to change the subject.
This was meant to be longer but since it's been a while I decided to post what I have. on the plus side there is smut.
'You can't be back here-its dangerous with people carrying trays!'
They walked at least twice the length of the flat into a large airy room with French doors that opened out into the garden. It was buzzing with the conversation of about thirty or so people. Mostly older, milling around with champagne flutes and plates of dainty food.
'A bit.' Molly confessed. 'That doesn't make it shit.' Mrs Hudson left them, shaking her head and muttering. 'There was something else too.' She took a sheet of paper out of her bag and handed it to him. 'What happened?'
'Lestrade is very
‘Very good.’ John said, sitting a little straighter. Almost forgetting the indignity of his flagging erection.
John was sitting up in bed, the pages of something being slowly turned as Sherlock ran a hand decisively upwards.Taking a primitive delight in the shape and weight of John's balls and rapidly thickening cock. Realising that his heat must not quite be over.
He let the thought drift off as one of John's hands moved from his hair. Gently moving down the length of his throat, ribs, belly before slipping between his thighs. Sherlock let his legs fall open, he was wet and ready to be taken but the alpha liked to tease him. Circling his sensitive opening with a feather-like touch until he gasped and wriggled his hips.
'Suppressant, I developed it myself. I missed an injection yesterday. The side effects are rather unpleasant, nausea and so on. I sometimes miss a dose, while I'm working. I don't feel it myself but the lower levels are obviously affecting my scent, especially with your approaching heat.' Sherlock stayed perfectly still.
The only thing left was to tell Mycroft. He quickly fired off a text and within seconds his phone was vibrating with an unknown number.
He adored Sherlock’s hands anyway. Long, elegant. He had filthy thoughts just watching Sherlock work on his bizarre experiments so watching them- shiny and slick -rubbing over the mans own plump cock was something he could not pull his eyes away from. A long thigh shifted against his and, nice as it was, a mutual wank just wasn’t enough any more.
‘Surely there's no such thing.’ John blurted out. Sherlock and Lestrade turned to look at him in surprise.
The corridor was widening out and various rooms led off. As they moved further on there were offices and staffrooms, rosters pinned to the wall. Sherlock glanced in through a couple of open doors. All was quiet until the smell started to change to food as they neared the kitchens. Then they began to hear hisses and clatters, shouting.
When they got into a cab outside John was rattled. He needed to tell Greg what he'd seen but he was suddenly paranoid. He felt the cab driver was looking at them far more often than necessary. Finally he curled himself round the alpha, whispering the story in his ear. After that performance, for the sake of appearances, he gave him a lingering goodnight kiss as he left the cab.
Richard rhymed off the three postcodes from memory, to Joe's obvious surprise. It appeared they'd had a plan for this conversation but Richard had gone off piste.
‘He's not here. His driver owes me a favour. I made a call when you were talking to Lestrade. There was an incident when an ambassador lost...a story for another time perhaps.’ Sherlock broke off as he noticed John screw up his eyes with some unknown sensation. He helped him into the car with a backwards glance and a scowl at an alpha from the party who had been standing too close.
‘We can pick them up. Mycroft's lot should be in place when we get there.’
‘Look Sherlock I can’t let you talk to them directly, they’re not strictly speaking in my custody, I’m calling in favours keeping them here. If you could have a look at the property, at them give us something to work with, neither of them are talking.’
They'd only found out a few days ago. It was the morning sickness. Army food and sharing a fridge with Sherlock had shown John to have a cast iron digestion so when he was sick two days in a row within weeks of his heat he realised he needed to do a test. John knew that one day soon he'd wake up in a cold sweat with the realisation that, fuck, they were going to be parents but for now they were just delighted.
‘I'm sorry.’ John said, glancing around for Sherlock and Lestrade. He somehow didn't want Sherlock walking in on this conversation just yet.
'I'd be disappointed if there wasn't.' John said, already lookin for am inconspicuous route.
'The roof leaks, it's damp. There's quite a list if expensive problems. I help when I can of course, as does Sherlock when a big case pays out. Anyway, the point is he'd have given in eventually, bonded to one of the trust funders for mothers sake but it would have been an unhappy bond for all concerned I think.' John remembered the conversation with Greg in the pub weeks ago.
John immediately scooped up his keys, leaving the flat before he could change his mind.
'Aren't you forgetting something ?' Sherlock looked at them sharply.
‘You can’t just break into my flat.’ Sherlock snapped resisting the urge to correct Lestrade on his level of intelligence.
to go home smelling of another omegas heat.If he’s a regular, if he’s done this before he might know something. If you taunt him a little about his father-in-law's money he might give something away in anger.’
The endearment, the ‘love’,would normally have irked more but he let it go. When you're desperate to be knotted is not the time, after all, to get into how patronising you find pet names. Anyway part of him, a tiny but somehow growing part, preened at the sentiment.
‘Dinner first, before you get into this lot. I'm starving. How did it go?’
Sherlock got home after two in the morning on the 21st. He'd not slept or ate in more than a day and barely drank so when it struck him he felt a little ropey he put it down to that.
‘No,Christ no, I don't mean
'Won't there be security?' John said, trying to get his hormone addled brain working again.
'Right,' Greg said. 'Lets try this one.' A sound file started to play and they all listened intently. John perched on the arm of Sherlock's chair and a hand came to rest gently on his back.
'I never thought I'd want to.' Sherlock said, wrapping John tightly in his arms.'I find I do.' The music stopped abruptly and raucous laughter from downstairs  took its place. They stepped apart and looked at each other for a second before John lifted both mugs, handing one to Sherlock. He found he was grinning uncontrollably round a mouthful of tea as they silently toasted.
Finished-according to the screen at least.
He immediately changed for bed where John had left a jumper. Deliberately he assumed, since the military had long since drilled any messiness out of the doctor. He lay down and hugged the ugly thing to his chest. It didn't have the depth of scent of the scarf he'd worn at the start of his last heat but it was pleasant, peaceful, to lie and inhale it. He could feel himself drifting off just as his mobile buzzed.
'I'm not keep you from anything?' Sherlock said after a while, a bridesmaid say?' The detective's eyes turned pointedly to an admittedly lovely redhead. John shook his head smiling. 'Don't undersell yourself captain.'
##########
‘Can I make a suggestion?’ John said with a playful elbow to Sherlock’s ribs. Eyes, pupils gloriously wide, swept up to look at him.’Lie down for me.’ John moved towards him.
