the path the angel’s thoughts were taking.  Just last month he’d told Castiel that he couldn’t just tell people the truth when they asked what he was doing in town.  Castiel knew he couldn’t say, “Yes, a vampire punched me in the face.”  So, in his black and white angelic brain, if he couldn’t say
Their lunch at the inn was quick – soft bread and a chunk of meat, the origin of which neither Sam or Dean chose to question, and a mug of mulled wine – then they were bidding Hulda goodbye and heading for the city gates.
“Tell me about your wings, Cas,” Dean demanded softly.
think that,” Castiel deadpanned.  It was an insult to anyone who knew to take it as one.
Dean swallowed the bile rising in his throat and rushed towards the necromancer that had fired the bolt of electricity at Cas and swung his sword with a savage cry, relishing the look of surprise on the necro's face right before he sliced through his shoulder and down into his chest, the blade cutting through flesh and the force cutting through bone.
.  He wished there was something like Plenty Of Fish or Lonely Hearts…but just for friends.
hated witches.”
Three necromancers scrambled out of the chairs they'd been lounging in and Dean drew his sword, hearing Sam ready his axes and Cas notch another arrow.
cold outside and the fire burning behind them was ridiculous.
Because Dean was alive and Sam was missing and Castiel was going to…do something about it.  What, exactly, he’d figure out later.  Step one was figuring out where he’d been banished to in the first place.
Castiel looked away, shame curdling like sour milk in his gut.  He’d told himself not to talk.  He
The change in Dean was immediate.  His green eyes nearly lit up, clearly relieved to be of some perceived use.  “Yeah…yeah, come on, we’ll get you cleaned up.”
“The Bannered Mare!”  the same guard cried jovially, he slapped his thigh and chuckled.  “That’s right!  You'll find the best mead in all of Skyrim there.  Fresh from Honningbrew Meadery just across the river!  If you meet her, tell Ysolda that Jervar says hello, you might even get a free pint out of it,” he chuckled.
“I'm just teasing you, dear,” she eventually told him, her expression softening once more.  “Follow me and I will show you the rooms.  Then we can settle the bill.”
Settling down beside him but still a few feet away, Liam fixed him with a heavy stare.  “I’m sorry that we restrained you, Castiel.  I know you’ve experienced trauma related to being restrained in the past and I truly felt dreadful having to do it but I didn’t want you to come to and find you had injured Sam or Dean.  We weren’t able to tell if you were aware of your surroundings and you were…very angry.  You gave us quite a fright.”
“Well, if the rumors' to be believed then you'll 'ave plenty o' chances soon enough.”  The man took another swig of his ale.
There was smoke curling over the pot of tomato sauce and he could smell it properly now, the sweet scent of charred tomatoes; how had he ever thought it smelled even close to burning feathers?
likely had much to do with how delicious it tasted, but it didn’t matter.  The beef – or whatever meat it was – was cooked to tender perfection; the potatoes and carrots were soft, and the broth was thick and savoury and so warm and filling that it was like getting a hug from the inside.
“Only a small amount, Dean,” Liam advised him, “It’s quite potent.”
,” he spat at the officer.  The man’s stoic face didn’t so much as twitch.  “I would
.  He woke up as close to human as an angel can get.  He had no money, god knows how many pissed off angels trying to find him and no time to stop and rest.  Of
Dean hadn’t convinced himself of anything, he’d just ignored it.  He ignored it whenever Cas did something reckless that ended with him getting hurt, silently patching him up without asking
broadcasting exactly how he was feeling to anyone who knew how to read the language.
He did it again with a bit more force this time and it had Castiel rearing up and turning his face skyward, palms bracing against Dean's chest and wings fanning out wide to either side.  All the long flight feathers at the tips spread, making the very ends look serrated and dangerous.
"Only in some ways." Dean said. He let his hand brush down the back of Castiel's neck and between his shoulder blades, spreading his fingers against soft skin. "Come on, angel, I'll teach you how to make decent coffee."
Dean was pretty sure Sam had almost cried.
a weapon.  I was created with the intent of serving a utilitarian purpose.  I am not a
It was a good start, but Dean wasn’t fooled in to thinking it would help with all the other stuff Cas had confessed.  He didn’t know what
The terrible conversation faded away and his awareness condensed into a single point of focus: redrawing the sigil before he lost himself under the crushing strength of the binding.
to make it better.  To make Dean feel
There was real reverence in Castiel's voice, among a slew of other things that Dean couldn't put a name to.  Despite all that he had been through at the hands of his Father, Cas still had a flicker of adoration in his eyes when speaking his name.
“I guess I don’t like pizza.”
For a moment, Crowley stared at him, as if weighing the pros and cons of actually telling them, before grinning like the Cheshire Cat.  “If I told you, you wouldn’t give them to me.”
Dean was
Dean, and his solid warmth, were suddenly gone, and Castiel peeled his eyes open to see the hunter fiddling with something on the nightstand.  Dean’s hands shook as he raised a small clear vial into the air, checking the level of the liquid inside before producing a syringe from somewhere and drawing liquid into the needle.
a bird, he chose to remind them of the difference between the bunker and a shoebox.
The plates were simple and carved from wood and the goblets were forged clay painted blue.  None of which Dean even noticed as he shoved two forkfuls of pie into his mouth one after the other.  The sweet, sweet desert tasted a million times better than he ever remembered and his stomach growled, greedy for more.  He obliged, finishing the first slice in mere seconds and trying his best to pause and savour the tartness of the apples, the heat of the cinnamon and the perfect flakiness of the crust.
Castiel agreed.  Yesterday, when his emotions had been so heavy they’d literally almost killed him, stepping outside had been miraculously soothing.  Being able to feel the open air and see the stars had made him feel safer at once.  He hadn’t realized how comforting it was to have the sky overhead, until he’d been forced underground.
He’d just dug two of the three tiny balls out with tweezers, scowling when he noticed a few droplets of blood smeared on his feathers, the blue underneath making it look purple, when Sam and Dean returned.  From two different doors.  At the same time.
“Evening, gentlemen,” the innkeeper greeted them with a friendly but tired smile.  “What can I get for you?”  He was nearly bald, dark hair left sparse around the sides of his head, though much could still be found on his eyebrows.
Bile rose in the back of Dean’s throat at the images Sam’s words invoked.
Castiel nodded, pulling a hunting knife from under his seat; the blade was a foot and a half long and the end of it was serrated.
For a long moment the brothers sat in silence until Sam released a breath.  “I’m starting to get the feeling that this is a way bigger deal than we first thought.”
Castiel stared at it.  His wing twitched.  His fingers curled.
“Angels eat souls,” Sam parroted flatly, looking just as shocked at the revelation as Dean was.
For a moment, the necromancer’s mouth remained a stubborn line but, with a casual movement, Castiel split his cheek with the tip of the arrow and he gasped, slapping his hand over the wound.
“Hey, Cas,” he greets the angel, feeling the tightness in his chest ease. Every time Cas comes back to them he counts it as a victory.
“Necromancers,” Dean grumbled, sitting up again.  “Just a fancy word for
But Sam was looking at Hannah, his brow creased as she trailed Castiel for only a few feet before coming to a stop next to the fire with a heavy sigh.
“More?”  he asked – well, panted.
He saw only a great, fat curve of the Serpent’s body, scales gleaming like polished crystals, as it slithered between the clouds and retreated further into the mountains.
“It means you’re
Dean and Sam both had a list of things they needed to work on.  They had kept it short, as the kind of changes they were trying to make were difficult.  Dean repeated them like a mantra in his head whenever he thought of them, just to make sure they would stick.
“This is strange,” Cas said him absently, his gaze still sweeping the room. “This all feels familiar but...I can't quite grab the memory.” He worried his lip, like there was something huge lurking in the back of his mind that stubbornly remained cloaked in shadow.
The silence stretched between them and, after a few moments where neither could think of another pro to add to the list, Dean cleared his throat and moved his pen over.
Instead, Dean moved his attention to Castiel’s wings; he took his hand away but his eyes lingered and Castiel watched his gaze trail down.  His green eyes shone with what was likely a thousand questions, but his lips were pressed firmly together.
“It does,” Cas conceded, looking back out across the rolling foothills.  His left wing twitched.
He was no longer a warrior, he was a wounded soldier that had managed to escape a dictatorship – though not without leaving some important pieces of himself behind.
How many nights had Cas spent sleeping on the street?  How many of those nights were cold or wet?  Or both?  Dean had wondered a thousand times, starting with the very first night he'd kicked Cas from the bunker.  But now, for the first time, he wondered how Cas had managed to make it through all that
“I always thought angels had white wings but it just seems like one more thing humans got wrong,” Sam huffed a little laugh.  “I wonder if different angels have different colors.  Cas' kind of match his personality, though, don't you think?”
He frowned, a little disappointed.  He’d hoped Crowley’s cryptic advice would have turned up something more interesting or helpful.
Castiel would swear to his grave that he could
“Listen Cas, we gotta eat soon,” he told the angel as he and Sam climbed back up the shallow bank.  “Too much more hiking across this kind of terrain without any fuel and we're gonna start slowing you down big time.”
Sadly, hatefully, pathetically, it had taken the devil himself to finally put all the pieces together for him.
“Cas never did meet them,” Sam contemplated, “I never mentioned them to him either.  Did you tell Cas about that hunt?”
“Bickering implies room for argument,” Hannah answered cryptically.  “There is no room for argument in
A hundred years or so had passed in Hell since Castiel had switched places with the Devil.
With a heavy sigh, Dean pulled out his phone and sent Sam a text.
Lucifer had defeated the Darkness eight months ago. Sam and Dean had defeated Lucifer six months ago and, three months ago, they'd busted Cas out of Hell. He'd been catatonic when they pulled him from the cage and unconscious when they got topside again. He hadn't so much as twitched after they laid him out on Dean's bed – memory foam, more comfortable is what he'd told Sam – until a week and a half ago, when Dean had been sitting by his bed for hours, reading aloud from a book in the hopes that the sound of his voice might help Castiel find his way back to them. Sam had just come in to try and convince him to eat something and Dean had consented; set his book down and briefly squeezed Cas' hand.
,” he moaned, clawing at his chest, as if he could somehow reach the binding through his vessel’s body.  But then there were hands pulling at his arms, prying his bloody hands away from his skin and pinning them against the floor.
Breathless and gasping against his feathers, Castiel could only wait while the serpent slowly released him.
“So angels don't have just Earth to watch over?”  Dean asked.
“Perhaps, after you show me how to make coffee, we should talk about those things you mentioned before. I'm getting better, I think,” he glanced back into the library, suddenly looking annoyed. “Most recent incident aside.”
“Or she was an Imperial prisoner,” Castiel offered, glancing over his shoulder.
to talk first, always
Dean choked on the mouthful of beer he’d just taken at the same time Sam threw his head back and laughed.  Dean pounded a hand to his chest a few times and coughed before he too was laughing and Castiel was left to stare between them, wondering what the hell was so funny.
Dean let their lips slide together, felt a breath shudder from Castiel's chest and ghost over his mouth.  It trembled all the way down through Dean's chest and to his toes.
sunlight on his skin, warming him up, thawing his hell-frozen atoms. As if spurred by the wish itself, the warmth crept higher over his hips, tingled up his ribs and curled around his shoulders with a weight that felt so achingly familiar he thought he might weep.
Sam was smiling fondly, shaking his head before looking away and poking at the fire with a long stick.
“Sam got you some more painkillers,” Dean told him after a while.
He pitched forward, intending to redouble his efforts, feeling an itch that overtook even the fire of his bonds to praise his Father’s mercy.  To beg forgiveness.  To prostrate himself.  To serve.  To obey.
When he finally managed to look up, his tears had dried in sticky, embarrassing tracks on his cheeks, but Dean couldn't be bothered by them now because this was about
managed to chew himself free, but the pain hadn't vanished, not completely. It had merely shifted, still enough of a presence to keep hope at bay.
.  He would not allow Dean to narrowly escape death
Then his eyes caught up with his brain and he sagged, trying to calm his breathing because a fucking
The other side of the river looked like the other side of the tracks.
He thought he might know what was going on.  Hannah had told them she had been trying to get Cas to realized that angels
Dean sucked in a breath, bringing his other hand back up to the angel's cheek. "Cas!" he called.
He looked at the label.  Some hipster craft beer with a crudely hand-drawn image for a label.  Not surprising.
So he drank it in.
“I don’t know what you want me to say, Dean.”
Sam and Dean both turned to lookt.  It was the same guy standing in front of the wonky cross statue at the bottom of the stairs, still screaming at the pedestrians skirting as far around him as possible without stepping in the shallow trenches of water.
“Yeah, exactly,” Sam said, obviously catching the way Dean's nose wrinkled.
“The Greybeards live there,” Cas told them sombrely, staring up into the clouds hovering around the top of the mountain.
The tide was out, far, far out, and the sand bar stretched between them and the water for a quarter of a mile.  Flat and rippling in places where the water was trapped.  A bit father down from the parking lot, just on the edge of the sand, he could see vague formations that must be the little cabins and he told them to follow as he led the way, each of them with a bag in their hand to share the load.
"Like you feel sick?  When was the last time you ate?"  Dean thought back over the two and a half days of driving they'd just done.  They'd stopped for lunch the day before but... "You didn't eat anything at the diner yesterday," he recalled with a frown.
"What do I do, Cas?" Dean muttered, not really expecting and answer. Because that's what they did. They asked Cas what to do when they were lost and Cas always had an answer. He crouched in front of the angel, staring up at him, pleading. "Tell me what to do."
He eyed the bed. Everything suddenly felt very fragile and he wondered if he moved, would this – the room, the brothers, the warm blanket – all dissolve away into the nothingness he'd been floating in for so long? Or worse, would he find himself in Hell's clutches again, like waking from a delusional dreamland?
He hated it.  He hated himself.  He hated that their lives just couldn’t be simple and easy for once.
“Do you know where you are?”
He moved carefully, feeling for the differences between then and now.
And it needed to change right fucking now.
After a moment, Dean cleared his throat, apparently unable to stay quiet any longer and Castiel waited for him to pull his hand away.
you.”  The thought of having to try and explain with words what he looked like was laughable after the conversation they’d just had.
His legs began to throb just thinking about it.
He didn’t even make it to the second movie before he was curling into Dean’s side and finally,
He thought of the few times the brothers had called him family and only now wondered if they were saying it just to get him to do what they wanted.  How many times had he been dissuaded from his battle plans – plans he knew could work – because one of the brothers had asked him to?  How many times had he turned away from his own family for them?  How many times had he fallen for them?
; try not to get hung up on what you think 'better' means to anyone but you, you understand?”
A few of his feathers became tangled in a bramble, impeding his liberation.  His shoulders slumped.
Silence.
“I think you might need a haircut, angel.”  There was fondness in Dean’s words and his smile was soft.
Now he just needed orders and everything would fall in to place.
Dean felt his heart soar up into the stratosphere when Cas practically
Sam's face had that ever present look of anticipatory concern, his eyes trying to dig into the thick fog around them.
this to me?  Why would He take away the one punishment I needed most?”  He shame heating his cheeks, his voice ringing hollow in his ears.
“It’s not your fault, Cas,” Sam was assuring the angel sincerely.
But he couldn’t.  Slowly, so slowly he might not have been moving at all, Castiel turned his head, forcing his eyes to remain open as he looked over his shoulder.
Though that was rare.
He’d said that to Dean, and Dean had done
," he writhed under the hunter as if in pain. "
." Some of the grogginess had lifted from his eyes and his full lips twisted up into a gentle smile. "I like sleeping...I just don't like getting up."
pies and still not gained back all the calories he’d lost trekking across the foothills.
Dean wished he was wearing the glasses now, realizing he was staring intensely at Cas’ eyes and wishing he could see the colors flashing through them himself.
psychiatric patient that was admitted
Cas pursed his lips but nodded as if he'd come to the same conclusion and wasn't happy about it.
There was coldness against his skin now, seeping into his blood like it had never left and he started shaking – couldn't stop. His legs ached where he was half crouched against the wall, trying to control the panic spiking through him like a dirty lance.
of them, the
“It’s obvious to anyone who knows what they’re looking for that this goes beyond civic duty and into something personal to
He cleared his throat, there was no point in dwelling on something he already knew.  Even if the confirmation was upsetting.
The glass was cracking, he realized, and water was leaking in.
Still, Sam's outfit was similar to Dean's in every way except his tunic was brown and had a much more conservative neckline.
Dean drained the neck of his beer in less than a second, feeling the
Dean grimaced.  Three six-foot-tall, heavily armored men knocking on someone’s door in the middle of the night?
“I can’t be sure.”  Was the evasive answer.
.  Cas is here, we just need to figure out where
“Wake me if Cas comes around too,” his brother mumbled, stretching out on his front right in the dirt and arranging his bag under his head.
submit eventually.  The spell is shockingly effective despite its crudeness.”
Sam and Dean had been the ones to bind him.
Apparently, those were the magic words, because Thorygg relaxed, coming round to lean against the table with an easy smile.
For the first three or four seconds the sensation of being teleported – or flown, he corrected himself – was familiar, but still very disconcerting.  Like he was being squeezed into too small a space.  Except instead of being thrown to the ground a split second later the sensation just went on and on.  When he dared open his eyes, everything flashed around him in streaks of grey, rushing by at mind boggling speeds.  One second Dean thought he might have seen snowy mountain peaks and then he was looking down at the shrinking Atlantic Ocean.
Speaking of, the angel's attention had moved to the road ahead and Dean readjusted his grip on the steering wheel, focusing on keeping the car between the lines.  He was the one driving, after all, it would be really embarrassing to have to explain to Sam that he'd gotten into an accident because he couldn't stop thinking about Cas' eyeballs.
Dean swallowed around the tightness in his throat as Sam continued.  “That must be why he’s reacting the way he is whenever we say something that sounds like an order.  I mean, like I said before, in the past I noticed that if one of us says something that he
For the first few hours, the sky stayed clear.  The sun cutting through the tingling chill against their skin as the day wore on.
that was good to see.
Castiel groaned and stood, pausing to let his stomach settle when it rolled unhappily with the sudden movement.  He’d only been back in the bunker for a day and already his hope of becoming magically better at being human once he was safe had evaporated.
“So, listen.  We're looking for someone,” Dean started, all false cheeriness gone.  “A dark elf.  Female.”  The words sounded so ridiculous in his head but he tried to make them sound less bulky on his tongue than they felt.  “She would have passed through here a few months ago right after the dragon attack on Helgen.  You remember seeing anything?”
He drifted off with a niggling in the back of his brain that told him there was something in that conversation they could follow.
He held his tongue all the same, because despite that, the armor, sleek wings, anoyed frown, and sharp blue eyes almost made Cas look like a stranger.  A dangerous stranger.
For a while he simply sat and stared at his wall, numb, thinking of nothing at all while he continued to breathe.
He felt like they might be starting on a path that may lead somewhere…decent? Stable? Good?
Castiel's fingers twitched in his hand.
She had a soft voice but the lines around her eyes spoke of a hard life and she had an accent Dean had never heard before – not surprising – sounding like something between French and Russian.  It was strange but melodic, but then again maybe that was just her voice.
He gasped, horrified to realize his grace was
..." he muttered as they passed the disgusting effigies.  It looked like the drug dealer had been right, they wouldn't find any allies here.
, Sam.”  Dean complained as he shoved his chair back and stood.  “We haven't had a hunt in weeks, man!
As soon as the point touched the thin scar tissue it felt like an electric shock, pinpricks of pain spiderwebbing out through every inch of his chest, and he jerked the tip away from his skin.
Dean couldn’t help the smile spreading back over his own face when Cas’ tongue darted out to unconsciously wet his lips.
He thought he might be breathing, thought he might be able to feel a soft
But still.  He felt exposed sitting weaponless in the dark on his
He was rattled out of his thoughts when Cas suddenly leaned forward in his seat, tensing.
“No, no stay to the
Dean was standing in the open doorway when he paused and turned, his eyes falling on Castiel once more.
Maybe it was another way angels communicated.
“For a spell?  A sigil? A translation?  What, Sam?  Just
Just outside the small village, they passed a spindly wooden rack in the grass on the riverbank with fish drying in what was left of the sun and a tent and fire pit set up just beside it.
Garth was at the far end, by himself, his long skinny legs propped up, giving the illusion of ease even though his posture was stiff and anxious.
it was to be worried about giving his blade to a hunter when he had just contemplated using it to kill himself anyway.
Dean’s hand was still on his face, his calloused thumb stroking back and forth as best it could with how much Castiel was struggling in their hold.
Sam blinked, his expression going slack with the abrupt change of subject.  “What?  Why?”
“You weren't well, Cas!” he volleyed, a touch more aggressively then he intended. But he just wanted Cas to stop making excuses for him. He wanted Cas to yell and curse him and tell him what a piece of shit he was. But when he finally looked up Castiel looked far from angry, he just looked miserable. “And I
Dean had blurted out an
“Look at me,” Dean asked, his voice uncharacteristically gentle.
An explanation was in order.
“Look at the state of the house,” Castiel instructed, turning to look across the river again.  “It’s in plain view of the rest of the village, yet no one made an effort to keep it from falling apart.  I would expect whoever lives there is something of an outcast, if not worse, and if they have lived like that long enough for their home to decay without the rest of the town stepping in to help, well,” he shrugged, “Even if this person even
“I wasn’t asking,” Castiel growled, a wave of rage riding a wave of pain.  He did not have the patience to give her the Be Not Afraid spiel.  The constant pain was making him
They weren't able to get anything else out of him.  He broke down into hysterical sobs, skinny arms wrapped around his middle like he’d been kicked in the gut.  They checked the rest of the house but there was only one small room where Narfi had a moldy bedroll and a threadbare blanket laid out on the damp floorboards in front of the fireplace.
sorry, Cas.  I’m sorry I did…
to escape, he just had to endure.
Of course there was still the matter of the locked, steel door.
A deep sigh from the back seat made him look to the mirror again.
He was lowering it a second later, because Sam was standing beside the chair Cas had been tied to and was gently lifting the steel ring off the angel's head, large hands shaking and face tight with worry. Sam looked up and their eyes met.
“Feels’like I have my wings again,” Castiel slurred against his neck.
Dean pressed a kiss to Cas’ shoulder, then to the side of his neck, smiling when it earned him a huff of laughter.  He pressed a kiss to Cas’ jaw, then to his cheek and then to his smiling lips.
Dean wasn’t complaining.
“About a days walk directly South of Riverwood, which is only a couple hours up into that valley over there.
There were two ways Dean knew he could handle the situation.  One, he cursed and swore and stomped out of the pool, pretending to be pissed.  Or, he wiped the smirk off his brothers’ face, stopped making excuses and did something he should have done ages ago.
“They're dead.”
was like a kick to the gut and the one instinct Dean had – to hold on to the angel and never fucking let go – only made things worse; made Cas hurt
Windhelm was a fortress of a city that had slowly been materializing under the glowing moons.  Its stone walls rose thirty feet into the air and at every bend and corner there was a pillar of stone.  On top of each pillar was a massive carved eagle head.  At intervals, there were covered watch towers – also made of stone – that allowed the guards to monitor every inch of the city inside and out.
“And if I know Feathers like I think I do, he’ll be fighting that tooth and claw all the way to the bitter end.”  He stared Dean down silently for a moment.  “It will get worse.  The longer he fights it the harder the spell will work to force him into submission.  And he
Her smile grew wide again.  “Gilfre.”
Sam just shook his head, “Just go with it, Cas, it took me twenty minutes to get him to let go of the war hammer.”
Dean scoffed, “Yeah, no kidding.” He felt even worse then before he'd asked the question, sure now that the reason Cas had never let his wings out even in the safety of the bunker had something to do with them.
don't give up now.
Huffing a laugh as if he couldn’t believe it either, Sam nodded.
Cas had come so fucking far.  He’d practically risen out of his own ashes – damaged, burned, bleeding – and had gotten to where he is now against all odds.  For weeks after they had finally,
The sheets under him were stiff with dried blood.
It was well into the night and as soon as Dean decided which gun he wanted to threaten the people at the hospital with, they were going right back to get their angel.
Sam's broad shoulders shrugged but he didn't turn, grabbing one of the cloths off the bed and pressing it into the water.  “There’s little purple flowers in the water and,” he leaned down, looking closer.  “Some little green leaves that kind of look like parsley.”
A terrible design to have in a bar, Dean thought.
Dean allowed himself a moment to be thoroughly displeased with the situation before he lets his eyes wander from the glasses perched on the end of her nose to her red hair – shot with grey – falling out of the tight bun she’d put it in hours and hours ago, then down to her name tag.
But Dean came forward then, grabbed both the angel's shoulders.  “Keep talking, Cas, explain it to me.”
But he told himself not to get overly excited. Cas might be letting him sit on the same bed, but Dean knew if he moved too fast or too suddenly Castiel would still flinch away, fear would still crowd his eyes and his beautiful wings would curl protectively around his shoulders.
, he realized, in shock.
can’t
Human emotions had corrupted him; twisted him in to something that not only fantasied about its own demise, but contemplated indulging in that fantasy.
Ok, we had our first little lore dump in this chapter!  Let me know if it doesn't make sense or there's gaps somewhere that I am missing.
There was no roof over their heads, leaving its lone occupant at the mercy of whatever weather fell from the sky.
“Look, Cas, we know it's really hard to talk about stuff like this.  No one wants to admit they might need some help -”
Like there was a stain at the end of their gun that they were itching to blast off the face of the earth.
“It, um...it helped.  I don't remember a lot of what I watched but it was noise when everything was too quiet.  When it got too quiet I could hear the...nothingness.”
Slowly, Dean moved closer, trying to get a better look at the woman.  Something was off about her, but it was hard to tell what it was with the helmet hiding half her face.  Her skin was dark, but not normal dark.  Like dark grey.
to sum Castiel up and wondering why his chest felt so tight again.  “Uh…stubborn.  Super smart.  Grumpy. Guilty.  Sad.
days yet, just better ones – it's just Cas staring back at him. Other times there's a wild, feral looking sheen in his blue eyes that makes him look like a trapped and cornered animal. Other times, on the very, very
Finally, with no reason not to, Castiel looked over at the brothers who had stayed firmly on the floor.  They were silent and looked sad and…thoroughly overwhelmed.  But it was Dean that looked like he might need to vomit.
“Why are you so twitchy, man?”  Dean finally asked when Cas shifted on his stool again.
“Ok, just…hang on,” Sam ordered, getting that look on his face Dean knew meant he had a thousand questions and was trying to decide which one to ask first.
"Are you going to kiss me or not?" the angel asked bluntly.
"I feel like I haven't seen you in years." Cas suddenly said, looking confused again. His expression turned cloudy as he seemed to stare right through the hunter. "The Mark...it's gone."
He refocused his attention.  He’d started this uncomfortable conversation, he may as well let
It was a few more minutes before Castiel could get his breathing and heart rate back to normal and with it his grace settled and he could feel it stinging in old places inside him.
As they drew closer, it was obvious no one had come to rebuild or reclaim the ruined city and nothing but silence rose from within the walls.  Over the edges of the mangled fortifications, the wind howled, like a wolf warning them to stay away from its den.
His grace shuddered deep within him, writhing like a rabbit trying to free itself from a snare.  He tried not to panic, but it was difficult when the slightest movement might provoke an attack.
Dean's concern shifted from potentially ruining Cas and Hannah's relationship to Cas himself.  He hadn't known Cas was struggling with something.  He'd seemed to happy, recently, so carefree and himself.
That was Dean's prefered reward for keeping fresh coffee on all the time, because Cas' hair was ridiculously soft and it would tickle the side of his neck and it smelled like fresh air and rain water -
He swallowed, his breathing – hadn’t he decided not to do that for now? – was fast and shallow.  What was
It took him less than two seconds to spot Castiel.
He did a double take when his eyes snagged on the sight of Cas' white - and now
They took a few moments to rouse the woman and send her running before heading back to the car.  In the silence, Dean watched Cas absently cleaning the smears of blood off his hunting knife, dragging an old towel along the blade.
Dean chuckled out loud to himself, wondering just what the hell he was going to make for dinner.  He decided on burgers, because literally everyone like burgers.  And he still had that aged cheddar that Cas loved…
Castiel frowned, choosing his own words carefully.  “Why did you tell me to watch Netflix if you did not want me to watch Netflix?”
he could feel it, the hell kind of question was -
Cas nodded.  “Once.  A long time ago.”
Blue eyes flicked between both of them, a touch of sympathy there.  “I will fly as hard and fast as I can, but it will still take me between twelve and fourteen minutes to reach Nirn.  Just so you are aware and can prepare yourselves.”
A very thin silver lining from the last few days, he supposed.
His stomach heaved and he stopped breathing, allowing himself to feel the presence of them and, most importantly, the
“I was simply
“Dude,
“Cas...”  Dean sighed, feeling helpless.  He couldn't relate to this at all.  He didn't know how to help.  But he toed off his shoes anyway and pulled off his socks, wincing when he waded out and felt the icy water washing over his skin.
It had been a warning, Dean was sure of it, and if light could sing with all the colors of a prism, it might come close to describing what Dean was convinced had been Castiel’s real voice.
The memory still sent a chill through Dean when he thought about it.  He’d spent hours googling things like ‘voices soundtrack’ and ‘background chatter’ and similar things and wondering if any of the things he found would help Cas at all or if it would be too close to what he knew he’d lost that it would just hurt him more.  In the end, Dean had gotten him a noise machine – the kind that played wave sounds and white noise and thunderstorms – which Cas still used every time he slept.  And he did sleep, every few days.  It seemed healthier than trying to replace something he could never get back.  Dean wanted him to move forward, not hang on to something in the past.
He pulled his knees in and folded his arms against his chest, fluffing his feathers for more warmth even though he was very warm already.  It hadn’t been that long since the last time he’d been without his grace, shivering in the rain in a dark alley and wondering how the damp and cold had worked itself so deeply into his bones. He’d forgotten how cold the world was when he was without that fire in his chest.
Cas had managed to explain to them eventually that he remembered more and more every day. Sometimes it was things far, far in the past and sometimes it was more recent. He told them he remembered parts of the time he'd spent with the brothers. Long rides in the impala, many nights spent researching. He said he remembered some of the bad things he'd done too. Yesterday, he remembered some of Purgatory and Dick Roman. Then he'd stared at Sam for a long time.
Hey, so last chapter is up!  Let me know what you thought!  Sorry, I know there are probably spelling mistakes but I'm at the end of a four hour plane ride and I've read through it a billion times already.  If you spot any, feel free to let me know so I can fix them.
Dean bit his tongue, strangling the impulse to swear.  He didn't want to be the reason a bunch of necromancers suddenly swarmed them.
Over the last few days there had been some serious self reflection going on inside the bunker.  It had taken his best friend throwing himself to the ground and praying to a god that was no longer listening until he passed out from exhaustion, but finally Dean had realised that something about their lives and how they moved through it needed to change.
The town was settling down for the night, and Dean glanced at the tavern door, sure Gerdur would no longer be at the mill by now.  In the distance, an owl hooted, punctuating the clock ticking in Dean’s mind.
It didn’t bleed either, but there was a gaping wound on the inside of it’s leg and it limped when it turned to face him again, the room behind it shifting and blurring as if he were looking through a prism.
He frowned, trying to remember
Alas.
Dean chuckled, bending down to grab the kit full of clams.  “Yeah, guys, this is great.  Come on, we got the fire going.”
“Wow! These are so light!” Dean exclaimed, marvelling that something that looked like gold could weigh so little, “I could carry like a million of these things.”
Obediently, Castiel followed, walking behind Dean down the dormitory hallways, the concrete like ice under his feet, until they reached the hunter’s room.  He watched as Dean dug through the bottom drawer of his dresser, inspecting and then discarding several pairs of pants that all looked suitable to Castiel but did not, apparently, meet whatever standard Dean had decided needed to be met.
Dean knew that because he had seen birds on the discovery channel do the same damn thing.
“Me and Bobby summoned you after that, remember? I stabbed you with the demon blade.”
There was a half-demolished stone house just on the other side of the water, nestled up close to a wall of stones at the base of the mountain.  It looked as if it had been abandoned; left to fall apart however the years and the weather saw fit.  But, now that he was looking, Dean could see a thin curl of smoke rising from the chimney, the only part of the house that didn’t look like a strong breeze could take it down.
Things were starting to realign themselves a little better now, Castiel thought, but his mind was still a jumble of hellish screams and echoes of pain and he was once again struggling to understand what Dean was trying to tell him. Though he told himself it was a small improvement to be able to tell someone was speaking at all.
On the other side of his wing, out of sight, but no less present, Dean huffed.  It was impossible to tell what that meant.
The squirrel bounded happily along the nine feet of Castiel's wing but when it neared the end of the flight feathers, the angel twitched violently and rolled onto his hip as if to get away from something, grimacing.
“Sam told me to make sure you didn’t do anything stupid while he was gone, so you
At the outskirts of the farming community, where the road intersected another, they passed by two large log houses with a modest sign outside that read “Honningbrew Meadery”.
than me.”
.  Not only for his own sake, but for everyone else as well.  He stood carefully, wincing when it felt like a shard of ice was being driven through his chest, and made sure is voice wouldn’t shake before he spoke.
He wished they had more friends and felt a pang in his chest for all the ones they had lost.
Dean's stomach sank but he couldn't help cracking a weak joke.  "Good?"
He moved closer, his grip tightening unconsciously.  Castiel’s fingers curled tighter in response.
It made his head hurt, so he just jabbed his thumb into the little image of Crowley’s stupid face and brought the phone to his ear.
Dean actually had to swallow down peppermint flavoured bile as it surged up his throat, stomach heaving as he spun to tell Sam to keep the door shut.  But Crowley was already walking down the stairs in front of his brother and Dean wiped a clammy hand down his face.
Castiel shot him a glare.  “If either of you have a better suggestion on where to start our search then, by all means, speak up.”
Castiel’s thoughts began to clear a little.  He was more certain that this was, in fact, the bunker and that it really was Sam, Dean and Liam here with him.  It wasn’t a trick.  It wasn’t an illusion.  He wasn’t in Hell or Naomi’s chair or dying on the battlefield.
Of course the brothers had no such suggestions and so remained silent.  It was true, they
“Better?”
”  At that, Sam threw himself back onto his bench and pulled a few of the blankets over his legs.
They moved up the stairs with Sam in the lead.  There was a split second of inaction when they took in the room.  Three beds, a book shelf, a table and a fireplace.
“Sorry,” he said at once, actually sounding like he meant it.  He probably did, knowing Sam.
The angel had obviously just squashed a flare of rage and any hope that Dean might have had that Cas wouldn’t mind handing over a few feathers was also squashed.
It was an old abandoned warehouse - because that's what it always was - and the place looked ready to fall apart.
to say,” Sam drawled, his chin still resting in his hand, “Is that we haven't had a hunt in months and were wondering if you had anything for us to do.”  Sam even seemed to be perking up at the prospect of getting out of the bunker, finally pushing away from the table to stand.  “A demon to kill, a pesky monster to exterminate, even an artefact to find.
Dean choked on some spit that appeared in his throat.
“Cons of agreeing to Crowley’s deal are: we have to give him three of Cas’ feathers, the process of which will probably leave all of us scarred for life, and there’s no way to know if Cas is
fucking notice. I don't know what I'd do if – I can't lose you,” he said, the very thought making his voice shake. “And I thought I had for a while there. Thought I'd never get to see you again, and I almost...It killed me, knowing I would never look in the rear-view mirror and see you sitting in the back seat again, or look over to you riding shotgun when Sam wasn't being a bitch about it,” he huffed a laugh through a watery grin, fiddling with his hands, but couldn't hold the smile, had to bite into his lip to keep it from trembling.
“What do you need?”  Cas asked the brothers, looking from one to the other.
He clung to the sound of the breeze moving through the tall trees around him, listened to the gentle rustle of leaves and the creaking of the thick trunks as they swayed.  Timing his breathing to the sound of the wind helped his heart and his mind to slow down as well and, after a few moments, Castiel no longer felt as if he was in danger of splitting at the seams.  His grace sputtered and hissed one last time before he finally felt calm enough to pull it back in and he took one last, deep breath.
But Castiel wasn’t listening, because ice had just encased him from his toes to the tips of his hair.
“Told you I’d come back for you,” Dean whispered, crouching to sling Cas’ good arm around his shoulders.
He groaned into the quilt over his face, gut twisting with annoyance.  Last night, he'd actually taken the time to strip off all his armor before going to sleep and was warm and cozy under the thick quilt.  Gingerly, he pulled the blanket back, expecting cold air to assault him, but was pleasantly surprised that the warmth had lingered in the building overnight.
“We don't even know how many people are in there,” Dean said.  “And are we killing or just incapacitating?”
“Seven,” Cas corrected as he turned from the fire and took a few steps toward the creek.
All in all, it was a dim and sad place, efficiency having edged out any kind of warmth long ago.  It was a harsh reminded that there were things just as dark and dangerous to fight outside of demons and vampires.  In some ways, the kinds of battles some of these people were fighting in their heads were considerably more difficult.
“Cas, come on, man.”
He growled, letting his grace crackle out from under his boots and spider web across the floor, vaporizing the mats to dust instantly.
Dean reached down again to make sure the keys to the impala were still in his pocket, the soapy water from his hand soaking through the denim and leaving the skin underneath chilled.
trusted because he had no other choice.
His heart threw itself against his ribs.
"The song of Pelinal, volume six,” Sam read aloud, pulling it off the shelf.
Dean shook his head, thinking back over the last few months.  “No, I didn’t.  Jesus, has it really been six freakin’ months already?”
His grace pulsed, pure and happy and bright even within the binding.
Dean looked up at a crack in the wall over his head just in time to trip over something, stumbling and making his armor creak and his scabbard rattle.
Licking his lips – effectively making the brothers even more worried – Liam said, “There are only two reasons I can think of for that dosage to have affected them so heavily.  Either they are dangerously underweight, or they are much smaller than your average seraph.”
Morning coffee quickly became a ritual, one that Dean eagerly welcomed and Castiel appeared to enjoy. The routine gave a tangible feeling of stability to their progress, one that he was sure Cas could feel too. He seemed to drift less and less since Dean had started bringing coffee to the room for them to share and he and Sam had started finding other little rituals to fit into their days. Maybe it was helping keep Cas grounded, having these little anchors of time to hang on to, maybe it was something else entirely, but it was working and that was all that mattered.
Dean’s heart gave an aching beat and he wished he could let Cas curl up and sleep again until tomorrow.  But time was of the essence and the moment Dean had been dreading had finally arrived.
“I don't know anything!”
have any better ideas, but now that they had to walk everywhere instead of driving it seemed that much more important that their hunches be carefully examined.  What if they followed a shaky lead that turned in to a dead end?  The days spent walking there just to check it out would all be days lost.  Days they could have spent following a better lead.  And Dean wasn't going to kid himself.  He'd gotten a good look at that map in Balgruuf's office.  There were many places in Skyrim that would take
sad.  We,” he swallowed, telling the sudden spike of panic that it could
Castiel grudgingly supported him, his opposite wing flicking out for balance now and then when Dean actually did stumble over a root.  Sam stomped up the path ahead of them, mud splashing up around his boots with every step.
“Uh, yeah.  But this woman – the dark elf, remember?  She's trying to hunt it too and we don't want her to get it first 'cause I mean, how often do you get a chance to slay a dragon?”  Dean said, thinking quickly and trying to keep up with the inebriated man's illogical leaps in thought.
“Dean?”
“I woke up in that room and I couldn’t move – I was very upset and I can’t think properly, I –”
“I'll take the pacer,” Sam said.
poured forth.
”  Dean snarled at the floor, trying to catch his breath.
Dean woke slowly, like he was a corpse someone was dragging out of a lake.  Before he was even fully conscious he was aware that he’d slept the kind of sleep only the severely exhausted were capable of.
Dean’s voice chose that moment to finally fail him.
in blood.  It had dried in dark crimson splatters and streaks over his arms and hands, looking like dried up river beds.  It had gathered in the creases of his skin, between his fingers and toes, and he felt it tug at the skin on his face.
There was precious little time for processing, for as soon as Dean's eyes landed on one thing, something else was already grabbing his attention and now they were walking in to a small market.  A few stands with vegetables and meat on display were positioned around a wide-mouthed well and there were people milling about between the stalls.  Dean saw a woman dressed in deep blue robes with an impeccably groomed grey fur shawl bartering with an ancient looking woman standing behind a display of silver jewelry.
“So, what kind of bow is that Cas?”  Sam asked him.
God of man!”  he was yelling, his hands raised in the air before him like he was about to receive revelations.  “Ascended from flesh to rule the realm of spirit!  The very idea is inconceivable to our Elven overlords!”  The man spat on the ground at his feet.  “To share it with man? Ha!  They can barely tolerate our presence here!”
“Come on, buddy, get in.”
He allowed his thumb to stroke back and forth on Cas’ arm, carefully leaning his head against Cas’.
The afternoon sun was climbing upwards, but clouds were gathering to intercept it.  In the small patch of sky between the mountains on either side of them turned grey as they trudged along.  Sooner than seemed natural, heavy clouds had blocked out the sun, leaving the trio to push along the road under the promise of a storm.
But Cas side-eyed the machine. “It sounds angry.”
But that was too broad a question and there were just too many painful answers.  He didn’t know where to start and when he opened his mouth nothing came out.
of it. When Cas pushed closer Dean sighed through the blood roaring in his ears, taking every instinct screaming '
...Castiel.”
had even come up with such a crude spell before he realized it didn’t matter.  Whoever had made it had obviously been going for efficiency over quality.
.  Incredibly intelligent and weirdly fascinated by religion, but he took a shinning to angels in particular.  And I bet, after all this time, he’s the only one who could teach you how to effectively communicate with the winged morons.”
Cas didn't seem to mind.
,” she said firmly.  “Your friend is very ill.  He needs help.  Right now he is suffering from psychosis and has lost touch with reality.  He had become a danger to himself, do you understand?”
“I'll never get used to that,” said Sam, his eyes still on the last patch of sky that had contained angel.
The twitch in Dean's lips was genuine this time.  “Well, worse comes to worse we have some emergency fire starters in the trunk,” Dean reassured him.
“Cas,” he said, taking a few steps closer.
.  Because
The air was crushed from his lungs and the space around him became frigid, like he'd suddenly been dumped into a tub of ice water.
But no, that wasn’t Naomi. Naomi didn’t have helpers.  He let her memory fade away.
sad because
"Good evening," the woman behind the counter greeted them kindly enough – until Cas came through the door behind them and her expression turned colder than the wind outside.
He watched Castiel practically press himself against the wall as he walked swiftly down the hallway.  Every few seconds he would glance over his shoulder, back the way he had come, then raise his eyes to land on Dean before looking ahead once more.
Dean's laugh trembled and he was glad he was sitting down, the sudden undiluted
Dean fell asleep not long after, trying to predict all the ways this could go horribly, horribly wrong.
, Cas.  If this soup turns out to be gross you can have something else – it's almost done!”  Dean finished loudly, when Cas looked back down at the apples again.  “
Almost as unbearable as knowing that
“I don't smell!”  Dean snapped defensively, out of habit.  Surreptitiously, he lifted his arm a bit, sniffed, and had to concede that he didn't exactly smell like a bed of roses.
Praying for patience – and for the sudden ability to understand humans – Castiel stood and started pacing, feeling the open wound that was the sigil in his chest pull at the edges of his skin.
Castiel’s hand slid from his chest and he circled his arm around Dean’s waist, squeezing lightly.
Dean closed his mouth, unclenching his fists as soon as he noticed.  The wind left his sails abruptly.  Liam was right.
Dean’s chest ached.  "I know.  Come on, Cas.“
He let the pieces of himself go once more, let them float away like deadwood in water, back to where they had a hope of surviving a little longer – if they had any hope of surviving at all.
The pots started whistling and Dean clumsily pulled them off the rock and set them on the sand as Hannah started talking.
called him Castiel a few times, when they had first met.  He wondered why he was suddenly doing it again.
“Have you taken any drugs in the last twenty-four hours?”
He swallowed heavily, the drugs in his blood making his head slow.
It felt as if they had broken a bone that hadn’t set properly and now it was finally healing right.
The still raw memory of Castiel pleading for his father's forgiveness made the smell of coffee turn sour in the back of Dean's throat and he had to turn away. Seeing Cas so fucking
It took him longer than it should have, to notice the trails in the dirty floor leading off to a side room, and Dean scrambled forward, grabbing his machete off the floor while rage bubbled in his veins.  Buffy would look like a fucking armature once Dean was done with whichever vampires thought they could take Cas away from him.
They’d had to leave the tv and radios on constantly, just to wean him off the constant noise he was used to having in his head. He seemed to be getting used to it now.  It had been weeks since he and Sam had come home from a grocery run to find all three tvs and radios turned on and Cas staring dead-eyed at a wall somewhere in the bunker.
Fuck.  Fuck, Cas’ hair smelled like coconut shampoo and was tickling his nose.
His wings sagged with the realization and he desperately tried to put a name to how it made him feel.
much.  And he couldn’t remember the angel ever looking so uncomfortable in the bunker.
Castiel stared across the library table, thoroughly
He’d gotten the worst of both worlds.  But what else was new?
fighting. But he'd been clawing his way through battle after battle for most of his life and this sitting
knew, and that was all that mattered.
Up ahead, the road curved sharply out of sight with a sudden bend in the river.  On their right, the heavily abused road and the erosion from the flooding season had carved out an over-hanging dirt wall, leaving them staring at the roots of trees coming out of the dirt at eye level, and boxing them in against the river.
.  Now, I can help you, but you
Glancing sideways he caught Cas' eye, delighting in the way his grace flashed blue behind them for a second.
If Sam and Dean were angels, Castiel could
Beside him, Sam had his elbows resting on the table top and his head in his hands, rubbing at his eyes like that would somehow replace the sleep he desperately needed.
“Do you think color is important to communicating with angels?”  he asked his brother aloud.  Sam always had weird insight into weird shit.
him.  Not like this.  Not like he could
Dean audibly gasped, slack jawed and frozen in place, and Cas flinched at the noise, spinning around to face him as his wings arched out and up behind him. It was a vaguely frightening sight and, far in the back of Dean's brain, something nudged at him to run away. But he couldn't, too captivated with the sight of them to even think about looking away.
Now if they could just track down Cas and make sure he was ok too, Dean might be able to sleep.
He wondered, as he often did, where they might choose to go…if they were to go at all, and his eyes flicked to the rear-view mirror, took in Cas' profile as the angel gazed out the window, nose nearly touching the glass.  The grey sky, occluded now with thick clouds that promised rain, were mirrored in his dark blue eyes, like a gathering storm reflecting off the ocean's surface.
The lock clicked open in the ensuing silence and Dean hesitated with his hand on the knob.
Cas scowled.
Castiel didn’t move at all.  He reached out to touch the angel’s shoulder but paused when his eyes did a preliminary pass over the unconscious form.  The skin around Cas’ wrists was red and raw looking and a sudden burst of anger exploded quietly behind Dean’s ribs.
After that they poked around the abandoned city a while longer at Castiel's insistence but found no other clues that would help them find the Dragonborn other than the chopping block – and even that was a stretch and didn’t add anything useful to their knowledge.
“Hannah and I are
Dean turned, letting his hands go wide in a gesture of inquiry.  “You comin' or what?”  he yelled across the moving water.
He frowned, noticing the small pinpricks in the crook of his elbow.  There were seven of them.
Cas swallowed the chunk of baked potato in his mouth and Dean swore he could see a little dusting of pink on his cheeks.
Cesar and Jessy sat side by side across the table from Dean, leaning in to each other while their eyes darted between Dean and Cas and the tension mounted.
Dean sighed, anxiety curdling his guts.  “Great.
"How are you even watching the news from Seattle?"  Dean asked.
Dean’s heart sank a little.  So he would never be able to really understand Cas, no matter how hard he tried.  His tiny human brain just wasn’t built for it.
Absently scratching his own beard, Dean suddenly realized it was because it shined a more natural light on creatures he had come to see as cold, marble statues.  This was an inherent and evident organic side to Cas that he was only now seeing for the first time.
When they got to Kynesgrove the sun was glowing behind the clouds near the tops of the trees around them and both Dean and Sam were
He pressed in to her personal space, could smell the sharpness of her sudden spike of fear mingling with gun powder under his nose, and she scrambled away from him.  Her eyes were wide, and she was trying very hard not to let that fear show.
"The next sheltered area we find," he told them.  "Keep your eyes open."
to him?
“Castiel is young, by angelic standards.  One of the youngest, actually.  And he was created out of necessity rather than love.  Our father needed more soldiers and so he made them.  What resulted from that was a wave of brand-new fledglings that did not have the luxury of time to be taught just
Sam and Dean plodded after him, their own footfalls nearly silent on the soft bed of pine needles and young plants.  Small boulders and rocks began to pop up, dotting the space between the pine trees.  The farther they walked, the larger and closer together the stones became until Dean was having to move around them instead of just stepping over them, like there had been a landslide nearby a long time ago.
controlled.  Not completely.”
When they got back to Sam and the fire, he was in much the same position Dean had left him in.  Sitting on the tree Castiel had found, staring into the flames.  Only now he had a long stick in his hand and was jabbing absently at the coals.
Dean set his empty bowl down, eyeing Sam’s.  If his brother didn’t stop playing with his food he was going to lose it.  Dean’s stomach rumbled for more.  Instead, he refocused his attention, wondering if he should ask just
In the far corner of the room, one of the lights in the high ceiling popped.
One of his pieces must have remembered how to do that - read emotion in voices. He opened his eyes, found green ones staring back, and it triggered a few other memories.
Dean stepped in to the room and immediately moved away from the doorway so he wasn’t blocking Cas’ only escape rout, walking around to lean against the wall several feet away as casually as he could manage.  It was no easy feat, given how his heart felt like it was in a vice and Cas was watching him like he’d caught the scent of wolf in the air.
Naomi was the name that was attached to those memories and Castiel’s guts churned.  Was he in her chair again? These shackles didn’t feel nearly as solid as what she normally used to restrain him.  Perhaps he could break them.
Still, Dean moved slowly, watching the light flare behind Cas' eyes again, keeping a close eye on what his wings were saying, making sure the little crumple between his eyebrows and the 'O' of his open mouth was from pleasure and nothing else.
- even felt that way.  He'd never shown interest in anyone, man or woman, as far as Dean knew.  Maybe he just...didn't look at people like that.  Social interaction seemed to confuse the poor guy at the best of times and Dean could only imagine the confusion - and possibly fear - Cas would feel if he found out what Dean was thinking about whenever he looked at him.
sad, Cas!  We want to help you feel better because we want you to be happy but we don’t know
watching Netflix for ten hours a day?”  Dean asked.
The trio followed the single road, which carried them out of town alongside the river. Before them lay the promise of many hours of descending back down to the foothills on the other side of the mountains they had just spent three days climbing in to.
“You got any other weapons, Dean?”  Mike asked him calmly.
The graveyard was huge, they found out, and they stumbled upon the crime scene from that morning half an hour later.  The area had already been cleaned up and nothing but a red stain on the grass and a piece of caution tape fluttering in the breeze was left.  It told them nothing, and after another twenty minutes of canvassing the cemetery, they gave it up as useless and returned to the car.
do something like that to Cas… “I’m not saying a fucking word more until my lawyer gets here.”
Dean's back was still carefully turned and his movements were soft and deliberate.  The cupboard hardly made a noise when he grabbed the tin of coffee grounds and closed the door.
It was the three humans across from him who looked like they’d just been through something traumatic.
Dean nodded, feeling ill, and Liam replaced his glasses, staring up at him and offering a small, encouraging smile.
Doctor Owen sputtered, looking incredulous.  “Are you kidding?”
The blanket had slid off his shoulders when he moved and Castiel tugged it up again, just narrowly halting the urge to try and flex his wings.
until he was nothing but a flickering candle in a vast cave.
Taking a moment to steady his mind, Castiel reinforced the walls, imagining fusing titanium plates against the splintering wood.  This was the only way he was going to survive this; he could not let the desperation in Dean’s voice impact him so destructively.
“I’m just gonna be outside, Cas.  I’m right here.”
Sometimes Dean gets distracted by the sound of Cas' voice and forgets to listen to the words.
He shook Sam off, something cold and dark and terrifying clawing it's way up his throat with every second that passed. Cas didn't move. He wasn't
And, oh, Castiel knew for certain he didn’t like hearing
could ever feel safe around them, especially when he was as vulnerable as he was now.
Luckily nothing came up.
“As long as you do.”
unhappy look on his face.
Dean stopped reading, held his breath, but Cas only rolled on to his side and curled into a ball with his head tucked into the curl of his arms. In that position, it was easy for Dean to imagine where Cas' wings would fall; the arches up over his head, the feathers fluffed up for insulation and the long flight feathers reaching all the way down well past his feet.
.  Wanna find some food,”  Dean reiterated, easing his foot off the gas pedal when it started raining lightly, so light the water hit the windshield more like mist than rain.
Yet another assumption he had gotten wrong.  If only he’d been able to see Cas’ wings all this time.
Something in the quietly desperate tilt to his voice seemed to needle it’s way through Mike’s cold exterior.
This time his traitorous hand started to shake before he could even bring the tip to the inflamed skin and he cursed, recognizing now what the problem was.
space that he occupied, that all he wanted to do was hide.
Sam looked around desperately, trying to spot this city Cas had mentioned, but there wasn't a thing in sight except grass and shrubs and a few big boulders.
“I mean, now that you two are free to...do whatever you want.”
But though he still struggled with emotions and ate and slept and could no longer lift the fridge with one hand, there were still undeniably angelic features that Castiel retained.   His grace, though heavily scared, was still strong.  But instead of using it to smite demons and destroy things, he’d taken to spending hours a day in the forest around the bunker – helping things grow.
“Orcish,” Cas informed them, lifting his right foot onto a small stool against the wall and sliding the dagger into the straps around his boot.  “They make good weapons.”
Sam blushing in the meager light coming from inside the house.
Exhausted, the brothers decided it would have to do.  They settled Cas down with his back to the rocks – on his side so his wings could lay lax on the ground behind him – before quickly trying to gather some dry tinder and branches to get a fire going and push back the chill in the air.  They only partially succeeded and soon had a cluster of dry-ish grass that they had pulled out from under some bushes and damp sticks.
He looked around the garage, belatedly wondering what he should do if the glasses were to reveal something to him
It was a great comfort.  One he never thought he’d have again and one he did not deserve now.  But it was now, more than ever, that he needed it.
Sam nodded, gesturing to the third chair by the little table.  “Join us for a drink?”
Cas…hang on…we’re trying…stay with me…”
spread in front of him, he noticed that while he'd been gawking, things had moved into dangerous territory.
He gave his brother a desperate look, not really caring that it probably made him look childish, because whatever was happening with his face seemed to be giving Sam pause for thought.
With a sigh and an ache in his bones that didn’t belong in a forty year old, Dean heaved himself from the car and made for the door that lead in to the bunker.
better.
Silence for a split second and then more nonsensical gibberish.  For a few long seconds he listened, tried to remember if the sounds matched anything he could remember. He tried again.
But he couldn’t help but think that killing him would have been better than
He was up bright and early the next morning.  Well, not so much bright, it was still dark out, but he was still elbow deep in a box of junk he had cleaned out of the Impala’s trunk months ago, when normal things like tidying and organization had mattered.
They’d both read the same publications, taken the same quizzes, done the same homework, and come to the same conclusion.
"Yes.  I almost killed myself.”
“He’s just fine.”  Why did the man seem set on Castiel being some moron that spent most of his day bumping in to walls?  The hell was the guy's deal?  Sure, Castiel had a kind of innocence about him, but he wasn't incompetent.  All it took was two seconds talking to the guy to realize he was a deadly genius.
He swallowed heavily, copper on his tongue, forcing the tremor running up his legs to just
But it was gone again the next moment.
Sam shoved at him when he glanced down at the girl’s corpse, the glint of silver around her pale, bloodless neck catching his eyes.  It looked expensive...and they kind of needed gold.
“Yes.” That was an easy enough question to answer now.
"I want to go in."
to ask you to do anything, but I'm gonna ask anyway, Cas.
Dean turned back around and looked up in the mirror.  Castiel's grin was wide enough to show his straight white teeth and Dean cursed when he fumbled the keys, dropping them on the floor before he could get them in the ignition.
He pushed back from the table, feeling too close to everything in the room.  The legs of the chair caught in a grating screech on the floor and the sound tangled with the echo of his own screams, so loud inside his skull that he twitched to clutch at his throat, expecting it to be split wide with grace spilling out.
“Those aren't ours,” said the woman.  “They've been here for months...”
“An... opportunity presented itself and I...I took it,”  Castiel evaded, his blue eyes stabbing into the tall pine trees around them.
, Castiel’s mind hissed,
They were standing in a dip in the rolling hills, unable to see over the rise on either side of them.  In most places the ground tapered down towards the river and if he turned around, Dean could see a bit farther back from where they'd come between either bank of the creek.  But that was it.
Cas beat his wings one last time and then folded them loosely, finally coming down the steps and breezing between the brothers as if he hadn’t just brough half a city to a standstill by having a good stretch.
A new smile spread slowly across her face, evidently distracted by the angel’s signature intense gaze.  "What would you like to hear?"
Dean cleared his throat.  “I know you’re probably tired, but you should come have something to eat before you go to bed.  Say hi to Sam, too.  He’s worried about you.”
Well, while Dean and Sam gawked.  Cas just wasn't the kind of person to gawk.
“I think, Dean, that you should go find Castiel.”
Cas sounded grumpy.  Grumpier than normal anyway, and his voice was rough.  Not the kind of rough that meant he’d just woken up himself but the kind of rough that suggested he’d never fallen asleep in the first place.
He stared at the younger brother, the answer lodging in his throat.  They wouldn't like it, he knew they wouldn't, and he didn't want to tell them in any case.
- and maybe make some burgers for his brother and his angel and finally catch up on the last three seasons of Game of Thrones.  For a moment he’d felt free.  Free of the Mark, free of Rowena’s hold on Cas…free to be
The little huts were square, the wooden planks painted with peeling sky blue color that stood little chance against the salt-infused air.  Dean trod up the sturdy steps of the first one he reached and glanced at the small deck, complete with a railing you could lean on and watch over the water.  There was no door, just an open archway into the single room, but the walls were insulated and there was a floor between their feet and the sand.  On either side of the shack there had been built simple wooden benches, well wide enough for a person to lay down on comfortably – bring your own linens, though.
They passed a post office and a liquor store a few minutes later, and Dean kept his eyes peeled for some kind of general goods store or, if they were lucky, a grocery store.  After a few more minutes of guiding the impala around the curves of the road following the shore line Dean spotted one.
“It’ll slow you down.”
It was the first time Dean had really been faced with the stark
Castiel was having a hard time following Dean’s words as they flew by him but he could plainly hear the pain in the man’s voice and the urgency with which he needed Castiel to hear him.
When the angel didn’t stir, Dean reached out again, telling himself that it was no big deal, that Cas wouldn’t mind.  He needed to wake Cas up.  There was no reason this touch couldn’t
