In his mind, he would undress Sherlock and take in all of his beautiful body. He would kiss him. He craved him, his body, his mouth,
Sherlock ordered for all of them. It was delicious. When they were just finishing their tiramisù and grappa, Mrs Hudson said, “This was so lovely, boys.
There, earlier in the bathroom, he felt surprisingly naked when John had walked in. At the same time, he was stunned by the sight of him. Even though they
“Take that off,” he breathes into the kiss and John complies. But John takes his time, he doesn’t hurry, doesn’t rush. He wants Sherlock like mad, it is
John drew in a sharp breath. He felt as if he had been punched in his stomach, hard and without any warning. The nausea was overwhelming. His pulse sped
This is how they spend the next hours – carrying chairs and tables to their assigned places and setting up a number of open white tents. A second van arrives, delivering flowers and decoration, plates and cutlery. There is a short discussion between the driver (“Three guys from my team are still stuck in Portsmouth!”) of the – as Margaret puts it – “lousiest party service in the UK”. It ends with a threat to have a word with his boss on Monday morning. When Sherlock, John and Mycroft are finally done, there are groups of furniture in all the lovely spots in the garden. The tents are set up, everything is prepared for the food to be delivered. Margaret looks pleased. “Boys, why don’t you have some of the leftover lasagna. I’ll heat it up for you. It’s way past lunch-time already.” They eat outside. When John just feels like dozing off after the meal, Sherlock suggests going for a walk until the party begins.
“Look at the picture, Sherlock. That Roussel woman is the one we bumped into earlier, down at the theatre.”
“I know Evans. He was in my class before I went to boarding school. He was always like that. He usually bullied me, in return I told him things he didn't
He growls in delight. When he starts thrusting against Sherlock’s hip, his balls brush against Sherlock’s cock.
Better than beating around the bush. But now, his limbs heavy with the wine and his head spinning from the day, he gets up and says, “It’s been lovely, but
John is a little milder as well. Mycroft has interfered with his life so often by now – in both good and bad ways. He has come to accept that he can’t have
In each of the five flats Sherlock has found a small quantity of items – clothes, small household pieces and similar things – which all had that small
intended to spend the hours after clubbing crouched on his sofa, listening to violin concerts on CD until he would have been able to sleep in the late morning.
his pants. Kissing John’s jawline, his throat, his chest and his belly, Sherlock slides down in front of him. He sits back on his heels and touches John’s
John moves and his breathing deepens. He wakes. He turns his head to face Sherlock and opens his eyes.
tissue is in the same bad state – and that this probably is neither related to an oarsman’s heart condition nor a cold that had infected the heart. John
“I know. But I think she prefers it this way. Must be weird, lying in a crib all alone after nine months of symbiosis. And actually, I don’t mind.”
“Yes, I tried making lasagna, but... Well, it was a disaster and I ended up ordering in from a nice little restaurant in Soho. They’re usually quite good.
When John gets back from the pub, possibly a little drunk, he finds Sherlock in the living room, typing on his laptop.
ten minutes for the rest of his team to arrive and open the doors, and picks the lock of the first flat within a minute. To find Michael Cooper, a
They kiss a few more times. Then John lies down next to Sherlock, and Sherlock can feel John relax. His muscles let go of the tension of being awake, his
John does his best not to think of her – he tried to forgive her, he really did. Out of a sense of duty and obligation. Because of their child. And because
It seems to be important to Sherlock, since he makes such a fuss about it. John doesn’t quite understand it. But then he is quite used to not understanding Sherlock. He looks at Sherlock who is intently typing away on his phone. Probably ordering the homeless network to keep him up to date with the latest London crime activities. Or insulting Lestrade via text. Suddenly he feels grateful that Sherlock is there. In his life. That he gave him something to go back to, to hold onto after what happened. He may still be a madman, but most of all he is the person he needs most in the world.
And he is confused. How can he feel two things at once? He is happy to be here, with Sherlock and Matilda. And still he can’t just relax, can’t believe
A minute later, the man took Mary out. The armed men followed. As Mary passed him, John could see red laser lights dancing on her head and chest. She was
John sighs. After fiddling a twenty pound note out of his jeans pocket and surrendering to that new experiment of Sherlock’s, he looks at his half-eaten toast, then absentmindedly puts his left hand on his stomach and rubs it a bit. “Well then, Sherlock, here’s twenty, but keep in mind that I’ve got another one free.”
he opens his eyes around half past four. He is surprised to see Sherlock is still there. Sometime during the night, he must have gotten up and changed into
solitude. He hadn’t meant to do that, he just didn’t have the energy to keep it up anymore. A part of him didn’t want to, despite everything he thought he
He sighs. He hates the thought of that, of not having Sherlock around, the estrangement that is inevitable to follow – again.
John starts moving his hips as lightly and slowly as he can manage. From here on, he is lost for words.
still panting. His eyes are half-closed and his pale skin is flushed and damp. When Sherlock starts stroking his own cock, John breathes “Oh fuck,“ and
rare moments when Sherlock lets go of all of his protective mechanisms, when he gives up trying to be strong and in control. He crawls closer to John,
serial killers to himself and examining things. John helps him analysing the causes of death as good as possible without a proper post-mortem (poisoned,
“Well. It’s the second marriage breaking apart… I’m working too much, I know. But I guess I’m just really done with all that now. Women.”
He hears Sherlock exhale. Inhale. Exhale. His heart must be racing. He takes Sherlock’s hand and says, “Go upstairs?”
Before John could ask any further questions, Sherlock lay down and switched off the lamp on his nightstand. John looked at his book without reading for a
“Yes, it’s usually like that. But the view is beautiful.” John sits down on the flat top of the cliff. After staring at the sea for a while he feels sleepy and lies down. Sherlock seems to be lost in his thoughts.
hot and hard. He needs to touch it like he would touch his own, even though it feels a bit unusual, with a different angle and everything. He rubs light
in her crib, but he hears her breathing. John is lying on his right side (avoiding putting pressure on his bad shoulder), facing the door. His face is
Sherlock casts a glimpse at John that says something like ‘This had better been worth it’, but they do get started. When they try to contact the cats’
“I think it's amazing you're back at work after all. I've got no idea how I'd handle all that. With your girl. And Mary.“
playing against Rob. He was – if that was possible – even more aware of Rob’s physicality. He enjoyed feeling him, his strength, his body. And fucking well
very different from a girl’s. He cautiously touched his chin (rougher and a slight stubble) and his shoulder blades, which felt amazing despite a layer of
and databases. Mary calculated the options at her professional speed. They both came to the same conclusion as the doctors: There was nothing that could be
Throughout the next few days, John forgets about the swear jar again. Sherlock doesn’t. He reminds John every single time he loses his temper and quickly, the mug is quite filled with notes and coins. They debate about where to draw the line between swearing and ‘just expressing things very bluntly’, finally settle some on sort of agreement neither of them really is ok with, but life is going on. Sherlock notices that John tries to find other vocabulary. Even Lestrade picks up on it when the two of them examine a body the following week. A corpse has been washed to the banks of the Thames, but the water erased almost all traces. John’s annoyance about this fact is tangible, but he doesn’t say as much as, “I
and Sherlock throws back his head, arches his back and comes heavily, spurting two, three, four times and then everything goes still.
Even though the idea is tempting – a swim would be just great right now – this is just too much. Swimming naked in front of Sherlock who is pretending to be his boyfriend and with whom things have gotten weirdly heated recently…
With John’s chest on his, he feels John’s heartbeat and his fast, cool rushes of breath on his moist skin. The post-orgasmic haze washes a line from a song
“She’s sleeping now. I’ve put the baby phone on the kitchen table. Could you listen in case she’s sick again?“
Sherlock and Marcus are taking plates and glasses outside while Margaret takes a large casserole with lasagna out of the oven.
“No, it's not what you think. I didn't use sex to pay for drugs. It's rather – when you're high on cocaine, you feel like you can do anything. Accomplish
fingers, exploring them, entangling his own with them. The moment they touch feels electric. Sherlock's hands are warm, firm and
“Just about two and a half hours. After she was checked by the nurses and the paediatrician Mary had some time with her to say good-bye.“
A calmness, like a ceasefire, spread inside him. He was still anxious, but hopeful and determined. He took a few breaths until he felt better. He tried to
felt its hardness and he felt Rob moan under his touch. He made Rob come, panting at John’s neck and then kissing him frantically before he did the same
all the sensations promised in this closeness. John blatantly enjoys finally touching Sherlock, feeling the texture of his skin, the shape and length and
He resisted the urge to stroke his cheek bones. Or the spot between his eyebrows he sometimes crinkled so fucking adorably. Actually, Sherlock’s face was
John hands Matilda over the table to Harry. When she takes Matilda, she looks even softer. The traces of the harsh past years seem to vanish from her face.
tip of his cock touching his hole. Sherlock puts his hands at John’s hips and gently pulls him closer. John glides inside. He hears his own breathing, his
“Come on, Sherlock, let’s go.“ John takes Sherlock’s arm and guides him to the black limousine. Sherlock looks tired. It has been one hell of a day, one hell of a time, ever since he landed on the tarmac again where Sherlock thought he had said good-bye to John for good. But everything is over now, Moriarty, Mary. The child. No child. The drugs. The case. Everything is gone. Sherlock is completely exhausted.
there and… well, it is a little bit as he had sometimes dreamt about before the fall and before everything, not even admitting it to himself. Sherlock
anything to do? Damn it, just stop staring! Idiots!” he spits out when he looks into at least ten astonished faces. Including Sherlock’s – he looks even a bit taken aback, although he of all people should be well acquainted with John’s swearing.
He manages to calm down and things feel better after a while. John goes back downstairs, able to smile again, and tries to focus on what is happening now.
The nightmares and the restless sleep returned. He missed Sherlock’s presence, the comforting knowledge that he would be there when John woke up, haunted
Sherlock talks to someone, sipping on a glass of wine. Then his eyes meet John’s and a wave of heat rises from John’s stomach. Sherlock smiles at him enigmatically and carries on his conversation. John engages in small talk for a few more minutes and then excuses himself. But when he looks for Sherlock, he is gone. He walks through garden some more, talks to a few people and has another glass of wine. In one of the tents, he meets Margaret.
hour ride from London – it feels like a different world. It’s calm, there are no people around, no houses, no cars. He lays their towels on the sand and
Sherlock pours them two glasses of whisky and hands one over to John. The whisky burns pleasantly in his throat, leaving a trace of warmth inside his body.
Small correction in chapter 1: In preparation for writing their trip back to England, I checked how you would have travelled from Arcachon to London in 1994 - without the EuroStar, without RyanAir. It turns out that you can't do this trip in the eight hours I've mentioned in chapter 1, it's rather 16 to 17 hours. So I made them take the night train on the way to the camp-site (just like I did, back in the day).
his naked body underneath. He quickly lowers his gaze, afraid it might give him away when he looks at Sherlock. When he is almost at the bathroom door, he
He moves to the second aisle. John can see him quickly walk forwards between the boxes. Sherlock is faster than he. John's aisle is blocked with things
his hands into Sherlock’s dark curls. Pulling his head and his mouth closer onto him. But finally he gives in, and when he does it, he feels Sherlock growl
John walks out of the hospital room onto the ward. After a few steps, he stares at the baby in his arm. She is so tiny and suddenly he feels awfully alone
“Just as I thought, just as I thought…! I read the blog!” the man says with a paternal smile. The woman accompanying him, much younger and quite beautiful,
Sherlock went up first, swaying slightly. When he had almost made it upstairs, he tripped and got dangerously close to falling over. John grabbed him, just
John smiles and licks his lips. Sherlock pauses rubbing his nose and tilts his head looking at John. Under his gaze, John’s heart starts beating
It is, John likes having Sherlock so close. He is rather glad Sherlock doesn’t withdraw after their talk this morning. They watch some crap telly later on
Sherlock looks at John again and John isn't sure to ever have seen Sherlock like this before. He licks his lips. John slowly reaches for Sherlock's
little. When the doctors there couldn’t do anything to improve her situation, they consulted a special hospital for newborns. Tests were run. They proved
John heads to the tent with the buffet. The finger food has been expanded by an excellent range of desserts. Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. But Mycroft stands in front of the table. He is eyeing a bowl of mousse au chocolat and a lemon cream tart like a child that is trying to decide on which one of his christmas presents should be unwrapped first.
parents of the young man who had gone missing. Jonathan was studying at some posh uni. Yesterday, his parents found out that he had neither attended his
Sherlock looks at him, obviously surprised, but he agrees on going to one of the restaurants. Especially when John persuades him that they can go through
“How dare you…,” Evans spits out. He suddenly has a knife in his hand and his posture tells how determined he is to use it. His friends are circling
And this was how they set up a little routine. John went out a lot, walking on the beach, marching against the storm for hours. It felt as if he could use
The past two months have been rather busy for me - but today I re-read the 22k of the sequel I have written so far. I'm back to writing!
Sherlock pushes in a third finger, moaning a low “Oh...“, then moves his hips in luxurious, rolling moves a few times and opens his eyes.
As his own rock-hard cock is colliding with Sherlock's, he feels like he is about to pass out. Even though there are layers and layers of cloth between
so worried she’d never start, I can tell you...“) and things like that. Matilda falls asleep after a while and when Mrs Hudson stops her small talk for a
“I won’t write anything about Matilda, though. I mean, it’s not exactly a secret we’re having a daughter, but let’s keep her out of that. Might be better.“
“You know, they still love each other.” Marcus’s voice gets lower. “Mycroft never let him down. When Sherlock started taking drugs, it was usually Mycroft who took care of him. When we learned about it, he must have been doing that for quite a while. During uni. Things got so difficult for him and it is hard when you can’t tell what’s worrying your child. We felt so helpless. We have gotten so many phone calls with bad news. From his teachers, sometimes from a few friends, but mostly from Mycroft. Ever since, we never stopped being nervous when our older son calls us. We’re still so afraid of losing Sherlock, John.”
him work harder than any other student of his year. After five months, the teachers suggested that he skipped this year and went straight to the next one.
or doing sports, but… well, it is just a feeling. Matilda clings to his chest, she coughs, she must have swallowed some of the salty water.
Also, I don't know if someone high on extasy would really behave the way Sherlock does here. Let's just pretend it works like that, okay?
John slept. Eventually, Sherlock woke him again and made him take two paracetamols and drink some water. He gave him tea (sage, as John dimly realized). He
hip if I walked more. All this sitting on the sofa... it really isn’t making things any better.“
“I’m right here, Sherlock. Just came back. I needed a moment to myself. You want something to eat, too?“
“I heard a man die,” Sherlock finally breathes. “I could just as well have been there. It could just as well have been me,”
He had planned not to mention Sherlock at all. Harry sees right through him sometimes and he is quite sure he doesn’t want to hear her sharp comments on
“I know you’re really not, John. But I’d like you to meet her. That sounds like I only want to prove it’s all different this time, but it is.“
Having her tucked to his chest, he sees the scar tissue on his own shoulder touch her immaculate, white-rosy baby skin. He doesn’t feel very comfortable
he had thought that if he managed to make their relationship work again, all of that mess they had been through the past year might have made sense. He
He bows down, kissing Sherlock. And at the same time he is aligning the movements of his mouth and his fingers. Every move of his tongue and lips is
water. It takes some minutes of John’s thorough cleaning and rinsing and Matilda spills a few tears, but then all the sand is gone from her mouth. She
“Not really.” Greg takes another bite. “We’d better catch that bastard today,” he adds, muffled by a mouthful of toast.
His voice is almost hoarse, rougher than normal, Sherlock has the feeling its rumble makes his whole body vibrate, like an earthquake shivering through the whole of London, through Baker Street, its epicentre standing right in front of him, messy blonde hair, pink lips and with a fucking determination to… yeah? What?
to deceive you. I’ve had no choice, John. There were three of Moriarty’s snipers, one for Mrs Hudson, one
“Stay with me, Sherlock,“ John hears himself whisper. Sherlock looks at him, his eyes clear and awake.
craved Sherlock. He still didn’t know what to do about it and kept telling himself to take things slowly. He was trying to find anything in Sherlock’s
A shot breaks the silence at the other end of the warehouse. A pause. Two more shots, quickly fired after one another.
Sherlock looks at him. And he doesn’t look as if he cares much about John’s attempt at self-control. He walks to John’s chair, leaving wet footprints on the floor and John swallows.
John smiles and lets his fingers dance across Sherlock's chest. He touches his nipples and Sherlock inhales delightfully.
He moves his hand faster. He feels Sherlock starting to thrust against him eventually, moaning hoarsely. Sherlock’s breaths come quicker and quicker and
“The trainer is an idiot. Wanting to cover up for vitamin treatments that aren’t even illegal,“ Sherlock points out, rolling his eyes.
“I think I was at a conference once where there was a lecture on the side effects of certain drugs that badly destroyed the muscle tissue in some cases.
stared into the dark, disorientated and breathing heavily. He heard the sheets rustling beside him and felt Sherlock’s large hand on his lower arm.
met her a few times in London. He had been to London before, but with his parents. The Tower, London Zoo and the like. The London he explored with Harry
And, as a general note: They're seventeen years old. They have the libido and the stamina, and they've got little more than a week together. There'll be a lot of sex.
Joel Ferguson, the former set designer, retired three years ago, lives in Ireland by now. Unlikely. That leaves Mara Roussel, she used to be an actress at
The door bell rings when John has just finished. A minute later, he hears a familiar tread of steps on the stairs. The sharp knock of an umbrella pointing
John pulls him to their bed, getting off his own pants and pushing him on the mattress, wanting him so madly. Sherlock pulls John with him as he lays down.
“Knew it. Next to her work for a couple of magazines she has a successful side business with not-so-normal nude photography.“
Angelo was happy to see them and gave them Sherlock’s preferred table. He glimpsed at John and Sherlock cautiously as he lit the candle on the table.
has put his head. Light brushes of lips turn into open-mouthed caresses. John closes his eyes as he feels the small swirls of
While John puts on the kettle, prepares their tea and lays the table, Sherlock sits at the table with Matilda on his lap. She is rearranging Sherlock’s
rougher and rockier, the landscape was wilder and less tamed. Sherlock was leaning against the car facing the lake and smoking a cigarette. The clouds were
So this was the actual home coming. The day they came back from Scotland John entered Sherlock’s bedroom for the first time after moving back in. It felt…
John swallows and Sherlock drops to his knees while they both stand in front of his bed. He takes John’s cock into his mouth and John, completely taken by
is a cutting edge of pleasure in Sokół’s voice, like honey dripping down a razor blade. Sherlock
He gets up, puts of his pyjama bottoms and yesterday’s shirt and goes to the loo. When he is finished, he splashes his face with water. He sneaks into Sherlock’s bedroom again, takes off his clothes and glides back into bed.
Sherlock manages to keep his façade for a couple of moments, then he can’t keep his mouth from curling.
“Oh, good morning, John. Did you sleep well? Everything comfy and cozy, I expect?” Mycroft asks with a greasy smile. John doesn’t miss the mockery about him sleeping in his brother’s bed. Sherlock hisses dismissively and raises his eyebrows.
“We should have another look at the flat of the second victim in the meantime. Anderson should be finished there by now, John.”
And he noticed something else: The more sherry Sherlock drank, the more there was something weird about his pronounciation. His sophisticated, public
touches Sherlock’s plush lips, half-pushing, half-sliding his fingers into his mouth. When he wraps his left hand around Sherlock’s cock, Sherlock groans
sound of desperation in his voice John could even hear through the phone. Sherlock, dead on the pavement. Still
deal of his waking (and in fact, sleeping) time pondering over this dilemma. Not getting anywhere.
He takes Sherlock to their bed. When Sherlock lets himself fall onto the mattress, John starts undressing. He doesn't take his eyes off Sherlock, who is
This suggestion evoked some rather warming images in John’s mind. As things like these always did since that morning when he had realized he both loved and
John strokes him the way he has been craving to do for so long. He feels the silky, delicate skin under his fingertips. Sherlock moans again, even louder.
after that, he was completely out of reach. Even for me. Maybe he started taking cocaine right then. When he has taken it, he’s beaming with energy and
John slips his finger out and then enters again, two fingers now. It is easier than it was the first time.
But he has to admit he doesn’t want to get used to it, doing all of this on his own. Still, he is more than unsure if going back to Baker Street would be a
“I’ve seen you put on bandages a number of times, you’ve even sewn me back together… guess I learned a bit.”
In the end, it didn’t need Sherlock and Victor to stop being friends or whatever they were. In the end, it needed a phone call from Mrs Holmes, informing
grew thinner and thinner and he wasn’t seeing Victor anymore. When he didn’t get any information about Sherlock in ten days, he saw no other option than
Stupid, stupid, Sherlock hisses at himself in his head, so stupid! They walk the few remaining minutes on their way home in silence. In the flat, Sherlock murmurs something about work and vanishes into his room. He leaves John in the hallway, doesn’t look at him, but he can see John is both a bit frustrated and resignated. He hears him watch telly (crap, obviously) for another half hour, then John is in the bathroom and when he finally goes upstairs to his bedroom, Sherlock fetches a cigarette from inside the skull and smokes it by his open bedroom window.
Sherlock sits a few steps away, sleeves rolled up, barefoot, and has modelled little towers on the sandy beach. He steps closer and has a look.
– I guess that’s precisely what your friend here is dreaming about when he wanks in the shower. Thank you,
every other feeling besides itself. So Sherlock remained at a distance, the gentleness in his words unheard and his implicit offers of his help unnoticed.
When he has put all his clothes back in his wardrobe and Matilda’s things in the drawers under the changing table, he goes downstairs. Sherlock is lying on
suffocate him. But it was angry. He missed Sherlock in an angry, rough way. He was angry at himself for being so blind. He was being angry at anyone else.
taken it as a sign of their intimacy. Sherlock doesn’t even try to hide it anymore and John doesn’t bother. Since Sherlock has quite an outstanding taste
Matilda falls asleep for a while. When the door bell rings and their food is being delivered, John sits up, resting her on his arm. Just when he is about
“And I feel guilty because-” His voice breaks at the emotions raging inside of him. “I’m so glad it wasn’t…
“It still hurts. A lot, sometimes. But it’s something I can bear now. I miss her. Think about how old she’d be by now. What she’d look like and stuff.
Sherlock loves watching Matilda explore things. Her thirst for knowledge, her drive to find out about things equals his own. He can understand both her
When their eyes got used to the dim light, they saw that there was no one in. John noticed a low humming…
his lungs, with every muscle he moved. He knew there hadn’t been anything he could have done. And he still felt like an utter failure. The pain was
from these small daily activities, John slept and slept. He went to bed with limbs feeling heavy from the glass of whisky he had in the evening. He often
He was something between happy and enthusiastic about his epiphany, but also anxious. He had a great deal of experience with being in love with a Sherlock
John actually talks quite a bit less those days. He seems to… think more. About what? Maybe about his anger in general, Sherlock hopes. Either way, John is a lot on Sherlock’s mind, even more than usual.
had gone through with him. When she opened the door, she looked quite well. Sober. Almost cheerful.
When the words finally ebb away, their eyes are wet. Sherlock buries his head in John’s chest. John holds him, kisses his hair and strokes his back, until
he dimly realized, was a lot better at this than he thought. When they had lived together, it was usually John who organized their household and made sure
The food in the pub was quite nice. Nothing fancy, but good. They both had a glass of whisky afterwards, but as neither of them was very talkative, they
John is sitting in his chair in the living room when Sherlock comes back from Molly’s lab in an utterly good mood. It’s a few days after Christmas.
“I know,” Sherlock says with a low voice. Slowly, he turns around to John. “You know everything there is to know about this.” And then there is one of the
Carrying the traces of brutality, torture and trauma on your skin is a difficult thing. It is different from having a scar caused by an accident. Or by a
I neither have any idea about how things work at a theatre in general nor especially at the Barbican Theatre. Once more, I took the freedom to make this whole thing about the attached papers as well as the props manager etc. up. If you have any complaints, just let me know.
The research for this chapter was thrilling. And I'm sure it has landed me on the radar of several secret services that are trying to prevent terrorist attacks in London, though.
, throwing back his head, groaning loud and deep and biting his lips. He is sweating, his skin is slightly
the perspective of this morning, absolutely everything that has happened in the last months has led them
He handed John a plate with a piece of the pie which John put on his lap without even looking at it.
his legs spread wide. Sherlock’s right hand is gently stroking his cock. Two of his impossibly long fingers are circling his anus, spreading the lube over
“It’s ok, dear.” She pats his arm and hands him a few plates. “Just felt like saying. Let’s go and put these things on the garden table, ok?”
owners once again, still none of them opens the door – and Sherlock gets a bit excited. He doesn’t wait for Greg’s explanation that they should just wait
actually was like him, he taught him all the things nobody else could. Deductions, reading people. The way the world worked according to the child Mycroft
Sherlock is hard and his cock presses against John's belly, hot and leaking. John wraps his left hand around it, all wet and slippery
I have to thank my betas, @tooselin and @ennisapril, again (and I can't do that enough), who did an amazing job despite broken, soup-covered laptops and handled this ever-growing thing just wonderfully. @couchpoppy, thank you for your patience and your helpful answers to all my messages starting with "I've a got a plot question
When Matilda wakes up and wants her bottle, the sun is already rising. Before John can move, Sherlock gets up, takes her out of her bed and walks
to go back to Mary. There was a child about to be born. No matter what its mother had done and how things were going between its parents, it still needed
slow down and he was close to panicking. He heard steps on the stairs and after a moment, there was a knock on the door.
leans against the sofa, just looking at John, whose mouth has gone dry and when he tries to speak, his voice is croaking.
upstairs the other night. A small pile of books and magazines he was reading before going to sleep. Sherlock’s room took on the scent of both of them,
that was dead or out of reach. He had no idea how to be in love with a Sherlock who was living with him and,
long time. What was all this about? It sounded as bloody mysterious as ‘Sherlock is actually a girl’s name’. Why was Sherlock always being such a mystery?
The skin on Sherlock’s back is glistening with moisture and in the pale light, his scars are reduced to shadows and fine lines. Instead, John can see his
possibly tell by how much this excels his fantasies. John cries out Sherlock's name as he spends himself within a blink of an eye later.
John has grown accustomed to the swear jar. Despite that fact that the too-soon-too-small mug has been replaced by that old teapot with the broken beak (two-third filled already), John now has a lot more success in avoiding dangerous verbal territories. Sometimes, Sherlock thinks, it seems as if he actually enjoys being teased about not to swear, but made to pay when he does, though. Sherlock is more than a bit confused.
Victor took a deep breath, obviously wondering if he should go on speaking or not. He looked out of the window for a minute and then decided to proceed.
“Ever since Sherlock got to know you he has been a bit happier, a bit more balanced. I mean, he is still rude and doesn’t call, but he was… better. You can
. Sherlock wants to get drunk on that smell, so familiar and yet, until now, so absolutely out of reach. John kisses the scar on Sherlock’s sternum, caresses it with his fingers, feather-light, then trails with his lips down his belly. He stops a few centimetres below Sherlock’s belly button. It takes Sherlock a couple of seconds to realize John has risen again, stands in front of him. Sherlock catches his breath and his eyes fly open. John looks at him, calm, focused and… determined.
That night at Harry’s, John slept very little, even though he was exhausted as he never had been before. He tossed and turned on her sofa. Finally he got
The months back at 221b had been very different from their first living together. The air had been filled with questions unasked
“Sherlock. Mary has been taken care of,“ he states. “As we discussed it. And she is recovering from giving birth quickly.“
he is too fascinated to be back on a case again to give it much more thought than a brief realization of joy, of
mess this up. And Sherlock doesn’t push. But before they get anywhere near talking, both Molly and Lestrade call Sherlock. A corpse, a crime scene and a
“Christ, it is, Sherlock... it is.” It is ok for him, much more than ok. He is a bit puzzled when he fully grabs the situation.
Very, very special thanks to @SinceWhenDoYouCallMe_John and @green_violin_bow for your amazing support with this chapter. You've saved me.
Summary of the scene at Valadsko: Sokół has found out that Novak is an MI6 agent and that Mycroft and Sherlock are trying to stop him from carrying out his plan. He knows Novak is wired and tells the Holmes brothers over Novaks's microphone that their interferance is no secret to him anymore. He eventually kills Novak which Sherlock and Mycroft are hearing over the intercom. (Sorry, I don't really know what has gotten into me here...)
. John would stare back. And attack. There was something about Rob’s touches. When John played against other players,
They cross the garden, rush through some shrubs (Sherlock almost loses his scarf), climb over the next fence and find themselves on a small square. Sherlock spies in all directions, still no car, good, and heads on to a house whose inhabitants carelessly left the door open (don’t these people know about burglars?), passes through a hallway, a living-room and out into the garden behind the house, another fence, a back yard, the back door of a restaurant and takes the stairs up to the first floor, just
Sherlock takes the plates into the kitchen and then lies down on the sofa. The crib stands beside him and he can hear Matilda’s steady breathing. He dozes
The music played. Another happy song, people were dancing and singing along. John had left the dance floor, padding Mary on her back and saying, „Just need
She looks even smaller in his arms. John has to swallow down a lump in his throat as he sees how careful, how caringly Sherlock handles her.
“We’re even taking cases together again. Sometimes Sherlock is still acts like a stupid git. With all his sulking and his experiments in the kitchen–“
uni, then of course in the army. And since he met very, very few men that would have been worth all this trouble, he simply stuck to
“T’is it, John?” Sherlock asks distractedly when John’s laughter makes his head jump, which is lying in John’s belly.
behind him, a realization set in: Sherlock would never be here again. Never sit here again. Never sulk on the sofa again. Never do experiments in the
So, for the first time in his life, he finds himself with quite lot of money on his account. He didn’t even start pondering over whether he had a right to
things. Now, with the sleepless past nights and the rearranging of the flat, even Sherlock seems to have dark rings under his eyes and yawns several times
The rest of the day passes uneventfully. Which gives John some time to let that turmoil inside him get some rest. John goes out to get the groceries with
“You’ll want your bottle, don’t you, sweetheart? Come here, we’ll get it,“ he whispers. He takes her out of bed to make sure she doesn’t cry when he leaves
I've made for it. A million thanks to @green-violin-bow, @ennisnovember and @zigster-ao3 for discussing teen Sherlock's possible taste in music with me. I now know a) what kind of music The Smiths make and b) that I've damn well loved them for twenty years.
And with that, it is settled for John. So easily, in the end. What Sherlock had whispered against his chest yesterday morning had changed everything. John
there was nothing to distract him from his emptiness and loneliness. Nothing that kept him from withdrawing. Eventually he realized that the teachers at
“I mean, he’s been a bit into you forever. Trusting you more than anyone and all that.” Another sip from his pint. “And that best man’s speech… Christ,
John isn’t sure what Sherlock wants or needs right now. But when he comes downstairs from putting Matilda to bed, Sherlock makes it quite clear that he wants
best man. To give a speech, to be pierced by a bullet. And to survive again. But his dams are bursting. He is failing at protecting himself from his
They sat in the kitchen. With a broken voice John told her about the last days. Finally she asked, “Where are you going now?“
a mouth-watering smell. Sherlock tries to put Matilda to sleep. She undoubtedly notices that something is about to happen
his hands do the same. John looks at Sherlock’s naked torso, equally fascinated. He reads his skin with his fingertips, every hair, every freckle, his
regular life. Having Victor around certainly was, on the one hand, another pleasant distraction and, on the other one, fed his curiosity for the wilder,
Mycroft usually doesn’t bring any presents for Matilda, but this time he does. While Sherlock is upstairs to pick up Matilda after her afternoon nap,
“For a seventeen-year-old that had to rely on his parents for at least until he had finished school, yes, those were logical conclusions.“
“Just told John. Getting older, but fine. Now… I think your mother has prepared something to eat. She has decided we are going to have dinner in the garden. Let’s give her a hand.”
“Don’t know. Something about your presence, about you, obviously made me want to explore sexuality as a part of human relationships.“
Rob, an inch taller than he was, with a wild smile and green eyes. John liked playing against him, he was damn good. They didn’t know each other apart from
completely different. Sherlock loves it. Often John sees his hesitation or something like shyness, like just getting used to it or exploring it. But more
fingers slide down his pectoral to his nipple. He caresses it with his thumb and that… adds a different note to all of this. Their shy and careful contact
Without breaking the kiss, he changes from kneeling to sitting to half-lying on his back. John follows him, never letting go of Sherlock’s lips and body.
“Oh love, come on, it’s alright. It’s alright. You just threw up, like any good baby does from time to time.“
Frustrated, he finally got up and went to the bathroom. He stripped off his clothes, stepped into the shower and opened the tap. Took care of it. In a hard
“I thought six months should be a good time for a start. And as for the money, well, haven’t given it a lot of thought exactly… I could…” He pauses, thinks. “John, we really need a stainless steel dissecting table, some samples require to be dissected fresh from the fridge.”
When Sherlock lets go of him, he breathes, “Thanks, John. That was great. Should have done that years ago.”
gets the marmalade and butter out of the fridge, he passes Sherlock. He would love to bow down, bury his nose in his curls and inhale his scent. But he
wine and adds, “I might want to spoil you a bit more later on… or,” his voice turns a little rough, “in fact, I need to.”
“Yeah, and she’s grown, John!“ Lestrade adds with a bright smile, leaning in closer to pad Matilda’s head.
bed for a long time. After having taken a few careful steps towards the window, he opened it. He heard Sherlock enter the room behind him.
images of a younger Sherlock in his mind, brilliant and beautiful and high as a kite. It must have been difficult to resist him even when he hadn't set is
They have been drawn closer to each other over the past months, both physically and emotionally. Getting more at ease with each other, almost the way they
Even though they have been living at Baker Street for two months now, Sherlock still can’t quite believe John is actually here. He tries hard to prove that
“Maybe we should put her in the seat right now. We’ve got the bag to carry, the seat... Might be a bit much. Can you hold her for a sec?“
He hadn’t known what to do. He hadn’t been sure how to carry on with his marriage. Or how to be a father of a child whose mother he didn’t trust. Or how to
Sherlock emerge from their kisses. Sherlock opens his eyes. They seem to be brighter than ever, contrasting his heated cheeks. John briefly wonders if he
and down, his lips around his shaft. The fact that Sherlock watches him doing this makes him a bit nervous and,
“The baby at the hospital. Sometimes you at the hospital. Or on the pavement. Mary. Afghanistan, but not very much. People being shot and there's nothing I
John takes his time to brush his teeth and wash his face. He looks at himself in the mirror. He takes off his shirt and looks at his scar.
Sherlock’s bedroom. Sherlock vanishes in the bathroom and when John enters the bedroom, he hears Matilda's light breaths. She is sleeping peacefully in her
. Greg, I’ve been in love with him for ages. And so I’ve had quite some time to get used to the idea that I love a man and that I want
He goes downstairs, uses the loo and drinks something. He even feels the need to brush his teeth now that there is someone else in his bed.
On one of the next days, Matilda is getting into a rather bad mood. She is crying a lot, her cheeks are reddened and she is drooling a lot.
“So tired. Exhausted, really. It’s been too much the past weeks.” He swallows hard. “Sad. So sad. She’s dead. Mary’s gone.”
John moves closer. He puts both the petri dish and his glass of water on the table, then cups Sherlock’s head with his left hand, drawing him closer, and kisses him. Sherlock doesn’t move, doesn’t breathe. John kisses him again. John’s lips are soft and warm and amazing. Sherlock inhales, carefully, through his nose. And kisses back.
John felt ashamed. A grown man, crying like a child. He was relieved when the darkness swallowed him again, hiding his tears. He cried without a voice. He
John has never heard him swear. Sherlock sounds completely lost, there is an edge of despair in his voice. It arouses him madly. Sherlock pulls him closer.
“Hey Sherlock,” he mumbles, his voice sleepy. He watches him undress, his skin being exposed in the shade. Before putting on his sleeping shirt, Sherlock
“Actually, it was. But when I was older, Sherlock had it. I used to make it play for him when he couldn’t sleep.“
flexible, even at this point of time after her death. But it’s... like a sponge. It’s soft, too soft. As if she had stopped training abruptly or as if her
The next morning, they have breakfast and Sherlock even eats something. John is amazed. Sherlock is playing with Matilda while John takes a shower. When he
“Yeah, know that by now.“ John laughs. “But I can’t really believe it. Just had sex with you. Told you, I love you, actually. Which I do. Madly so. Sherlock, I fucking love you. I love you. I can’t stop saying that. Fucking love you.“
a t-shirt and pyjama bottoms. The fact that he did come back to John’s bed instead of sleeping in his own or staying awake, well, it... God, it makes him
He manages to set a slow and steady pace, but after a while, Sherlock tilts his hips until John hits the right spot. And –
But Matilda and Sherlock just laugh at him companionably. Later on, when Matilda’s excitement turns into exhaustion and her laughter into tired sobs, John
Matilda on his arm. She is still wearing her little white sleeping bag that makes her look even more adorable and innocent. And she smiles. Sherlock
somehow slipped through his fingers. He had withdrawn from him as well. He probably still told him more than anyone else, but that wasn’t everything
Sherlock Holmes as a toddler with a stuffed bee half his own body size. John would kill for a photograph. He grins.
cats had little notes of paper pinned to their collars. They said ‘Property of the Barbican Theatre. Please return.’“
John takes them both into his hand and dives into Sherlock’s rhythm. Sherlock throws back his head and opens his mouth as if to shout out.
Redbeard was dead. Sherlock’s mother called him at university to tell him. He had been 16 years old, almost blind and now his hind legs failed to work.
Sherlock finishes tuning his violin. When the low rumble of the faraway fireworks is getting slightly
darkness. But they both feel a bit awkward with Matilda sleeping next to them. At the same time, they don’t quite know how to take
Sherlock doesn’t bother listening to the baby phone. Instead, he goes right upstairs to John’s and Matilda’s bedroom. He opens the door without making a
One day, after a match against Oakham, John was called to his trainer. He wanted to discuss a few things about the match right away. The others were in the
John and Matilda move back into 221b just some days later. John brings their clothes, some books, his laptop and Matilda’s stuff. When they arrive at Baker
Now it was John who reached out for Sherlock’s arm. He held him for the duration of a breath. He didn’t dare to touch him longer. He took a few deep
the last time. Suddenly John felt sick. The cup seemed to be mocking him, the dried remains of the tea all brown and flaking off the white porcelain.
He trails off. Sherlock blinks and turns around. John shuffles closer until he can wrap his arm around Sherlock’s warm chest. He leaves some space between
something between a very solid green house and a small house of its own. He lifts a flower pot next to the door, finds the key and opens the door without
John isn’t very relaxed, either. Sherlock sees how he sprawls his finger and closes his fist again. He breathes a little too fast. Despite the chilly morning, he seems to be warm (hot actually – Oh shut up, Sherlock rants at himself).  Sherlock would really love to smoke now, but he didn’t bring the cigarettes since he knows John doesn’t like it.
before Sherlock can give John his presents. He takes the call after the third ringing, muffling a “What?“ against a mouthful of toast. John can hear Greg’s
John pushes in a little further, exploring, and sliding back a little. He looks at Sherlock, his eyes are closed and his hand is gliding up and down his
“John, are you ok? You haven’t been talking very much,” Sherlock says when he has closed the door behind him, leaning against it.
He was glad James was safe after all. He actually sat at one of the tables, talking to Lestrade. He even smiled. Sherlock had been amazing.
starts licking his frenulum, Sherlock moans and lets himself glide down on mattress, until he lies on his back, panting.
“If it makes you pay for take-away...“ John grins, but then the look in his eyes changes.  “See, the past weeks...
John felt upset. Harry was getting far too close to that point he had decided to not ever look at again.
Sherlock: Experiencing something new, and apparently enhancing his mind. Distraction. It wasn’t that Mycroft didn’t understand what Sherlock might find
He hasn’t thought of women recently. Or sex, that is. He still doesn’t dare giving this much thought, Sherlock and him. It feels like a topic too dangerous
cup his balls. He takes in the soft skin and the shudder rolling through John’s body when he touches him there.
Sherlock nods and shuffles to the kitchen to get the baby monitor. He puts it on the nightstand and crawls into bed. John’s chest almost aches from the
John goes on, enjoying it more and more, until Sherlock moans vocally. Sherlock’s thighs start to shiver and he thrusts into John’s mouth, carefully at
clinic. He told her what happened and asked for two weeks off. The phone rang from time to time, but he never answered it. He didn’t read his e-mails or
emotion and affection. Weakened by the fact that he can’t hide it anymore, that he has told John about each and every thing he had done for him. But he
“Sherlock, look… I don’t know what to say. I don’t. The amount of things you have done for me…” John’s voice breaks. “It’s beyond anything I ever could
“Yes. Yes, we are. For a couple of weeks. Yes, it is indeed very nice. Yes, I am happy. Yes, mummy, yes – and I don’t expect any further enquiries in my private life while we are at your place. Yes. Thank you. Ok. Bye.”
John has to remind himself to breathe. Sherlock fucking himself with his fingers, panting, sweating and moaning, makes him almost abandon his plan and just
“And bethides… I don't want to get into a cold bed. Go warm it up,” Sherlock added, sounding slightly demanding and very drunk.
Without consciously deciding to do so, he rose and walked to the hallway. Every time he went to the bathroom, he avoided looking at Sherlock’s bedroom
“Still, life became increasingly difficult for you. You were supposed to fulfil your father’s hope of being a proper son, now that his daughter had proven
Sherlock turns on his heels, dives around the next corner into a small street. He hears John running behind him, getting closer. (So much fitter than I am.) Around another corner. Sherlock looks back, he can’t see the black car. Fine. There is a garden, one of those private, closed ones, he speeds up and climbs over the wrought-iron fence. John is right beside him, out of breath, but smiling.
“Young lad missing from uni. He doesn’t live with his parents, of course, but they’ve searched his room at the campus. Found some drugs. They’re worried
carefully put his hand on the knob and took a deep breath. And opened the door. It still hit him like a bullet. He wanted to go into his room, to be there.
“Might want them and is aware that she has only a couple of years left until receiving will become significantly more difficult.“
After that night, John got a little better every day. On the fourth day, he went down to the sea again. As the days passed, he withdrew into solitude a bit
being so incredibly, arousingly naked lying there during that split second before John follows him, covering his body with his own. When Sherlock feels
They walk for half an hour or so. She wants to know how Matilda is doing and she is delighted to hear that she has started turning and tiny little bit of
Someone was lying on the floor. With the light switched on, they recognized Jonathan from the photos his parents had shown them. He was lying in his vomit,
He feels Sherlock shiver and gasp for air when he starts circling the head of his cock with his tongue.
Very special thanks to my absolutely lovely and tremendously helpful and kind @icanwritesee for her Polish translations and checking on the Polish surnames!! You're great, my dear!! <3
floor, Sherlock explains the results of their investigations in a rush. “I don’t know how they are connected to the
John is at the same time absolutely relaxed and buzzing with anticipation. An anticipation that reminds him of the way he felt when he went on his first date as a teenager. But he doesn’t give it it much thought, some part of him is very well-trained at denying the obvious.
hands the bottle on to John, who takes a gulp as well. When John puts the heavy bottle down, he looks at Sherlock, whose eyes are glistening with mischief.
proximity just a tiny bit more. Standing behind him while he sits at the table, pretending to look at his laptop while he actually just tries to be close
One warm May morning, over breakfast, John asks, “Sherlock. About that dissecting table. You really want that thing?”
“Oh God, how I’ve missed this,“ he says as he slumps down in it. Sherlock sits in his, reading. John shimmies his feet into Sherlock’s chair, right next to
When Sherlock went to boarding school himself at age twelve, leaving Redbeard was a lot worse than leaving his parents. During the first weeks at school
put his hand on John’s forehand and raised his eyebrows as he felt the heat. John drifted off again.
have a friend now, he could only guess. University offered plenty of opportunities to learn and to fight boredom, but Sherlock had no idea, no plan what to
John shudders, his features tense as he dreams. Without quite knowing why or even consciously deciding to do so, Sherlock bows down and puts his hand onto John’s shoulder. John calms and relaxes and Sherlock feels the warmth of John’s body radiating through his shirt. Without taking his hand away, Sherlock sits down on the floor besides the sofa. He watches over John’s sleep, touching him, as dusk sets in and the shadows grow deeper in 221b. Eventually, after a long time when darkness has fallen completely, Sherlock’s eyelids become heavy. He leans onto the sofa, rests his head somewhere between the sofa leather and John’s hipbone. And falls asleep.
orgasms later, they sit in the kitchen for a second breakfast. John went downstairs to Speedy’s to get some bagels and croissants. Sherlock actually did
looks a bit red and, well, crumpled. Her nose reminds him of John’s. A lot, actually. She blinks slowly.
Sherlock. What he had meant to him and still meant. And then, as he realized, about how he loved Sherlock. And still did. This realization set in slowly.
them some frankly hair-raising stories about her time in Florida. And she didn’t spare them the juicy parts about her husband. Sherlock added some
girlfriends and occasional fantasies about sharp shoulder blades and what they would look like if he knelt behind that back they belonged to.
spent and bordering over-sensitive. With a breathless shiver he sinks down on his elbows and on Sherlock’s chest.
“I don’t.“ John really doesn’t. Maybe this should feel weird – watching Sherlock undress, take a bath – or at least arousing (well, it is arousing, quite a bit, but still it isn’t the biggest thing happening right now). But John is surprisingly calm and easy, quite enjoying this simple and intimate situation. He kneels down beside the tub and gently spreads foam on Sherlock’s cheeks, his chin and neck. Sherlock closes his eyes. John is close to him. He can see every single one of his long lashes, the blueish veins on his eyelids and the faint lines on his lips. He touches Sherlock’s jaw with his right hand and starts to shave him with his left. He concentrates on what he is doing the way he concentrates on a surgery. It is quite a different thing to shave oneself than it is to shave another man. Putting a blade to his throat and making sure he won’t even get a scratch.
heart. But it was a genetic disorder that time… Molly, did you have a closer look at her heart already?”
Sherlock’s cock pressing in his lower belly, leaving a wet spot on his skin. He sighs and kisses Sherlock harder. He bites his ridiculously full lower lip
This sounds surprisingly sexy from Sherlock's mouth. His green-grey-impossible-to-define eyes are fixed on John, whose heart is beating faster as he sees
He is still leaning against the door between the hallway and the kitchen. Sherlock comes out of the bathroom, drying his hair with a towel, wearing his
“As soon as I found out about London, living here was nothing more than mere existing. The first time I went to London must have been when Mycroft went to
when he is shimmying out of the last piece of cloth he is wearing. And while he bows down to kiss Sherlock again, he straddles Sherlock and sits on his
“If you’re always so angry, you’ll get high blood pressure, possibly leading to cardiac problems – especially given the fact that you are in a high risk group due to your PTSD disorder – not to mention the long-term effects on your gastroenterological system which will cause you a lot of pain and discomfort resulting in even more anger and thus more swearing, an even higher blood pressure and so on. Just to mention a few effects. The way you pull a face when you drink your coffee or have chips proves you might already be experiencing the early stages of gastric ulcer. So, all in all, it would make life much less pleasurable for me.”
And he still does. The pain isn't gone, not at all. But it is less stinging and less paralyzing. Sometimes there even is a weird
John still looks at him. Suddenly Sherlock is aware of too many things at once. John is so close again, his eyes look darker than normal, he can see his heartbeat in a vein on his throat, all strong and vulnerable at the same time, he sees how his tongue licks over his lower lip, he is still smiling, looking at him (what does this look mean?) and the atmosphere changes to something charged with electricity, a bit scaring, though, but the adrenaline pumping through his veins adds just the lacking boldness. Within the blink of an eye, he leans a bit closer towards John, hesitates, grows tense and relaxes again, about to move just a bit further.  He can’t look anywhere but at John’s lips.
way. He went through uni like that and he had no lesser ambitions than working for queen and country, for the government. His mental abilities had always
John is quicker than Sherlock, he passes him and manages to catch up with Roussel. She is taller than him and quick and she knows the place better than
gasping for air. Finally John brushes one curl, damp with sweat, from Sherlock's face. Sherlock looks at him, smiling.
Linda checks the red PCHR book and asks a few questions about her birth. She takes Matilda so carefully that she doesn’t even wake up and checks her. Then
Mycroft was at university by then. They still wrote letters sometimes and they saw each other during the holidays. But he had to admit that Sherlock had
he is doing these things (£5 went into the jar immediately) – Sherlock gives him a look quite different from his usual ones. When John recognizes it, Sherlock gives him his hand. “Bedroom, John.
John sighs. It is more than relieving to finally have this talk. A weird kind of ease swells inside him. As if he can breathe again for the first time in
“I am not,“ Harry answered, looking at him sternly. She fetched two glasses from the cupboard and put them on the kitchen table. “Let’s drink.“
know why this getting to me like this. Sorry, I... I really don’t mean to bother you with that.”
When he enters the flat, he hears Sherlock turning off the water tab in the shower. And then he feels awfully nervous. He leans against the back of the
woke him from that semi-somnolent dream. He felt his left hand on his cock and recognized a feeling he hadn't had in months. Want. Need. Lust. The fantasy
at the very least. Sherlock was still with him, every day and everywhere he went. It had shifted from feeling haunted by his memories with every tiny thing
and just tries it. And so, five weeks after Matilda’s birth, he feeds her, gets her dressed, puts her in her baby seat and takes a cab to Baker Street.
John gave in reluctantly and tried to get up. Sherlock supported him and guided him to his own bedroom. A low fire was burning in the fireplace. Sherlock
John doesn’t quite believe his eyes when Sherlock reluctantly follows his father. John takes his bag, places it in the hallway and goes to the kitchen as well.
he cares for Matilda can’t be described as anything but loving. Still, John is afraid he might have gotten this wrong.
Sherlock’s parents had been relieving, if only because he had made a decision and now knew what to do. Even though it had felt like receiving marching
“I know, John, I know. We are grateful that you’re there. With Sherlock. You always seem to… stabilize him.” Marcus inhales deeply. “Enough of that now. John. This is a happy day and I shan’t add our worries to your own, son.” Marcus pats his back and smiles. “I will get us some of that wine now. Let’s see what Marge is spending a fortune on then.” He walks off and fetches two glasses of white wine from a waiter.
The girl had to stay in hospital, on the neonatology ward. She wasn’t healthy. She didn’t put on as much weight as she was supposed to and she grew very
At the beginning of December, John and Harry meet in a small café in Bloomington. They hadn't heard much from each other in weeks. Sherlock has something
“You’re lucky, Dr Watson, you were hit a few centimetres behind your hairline. There will be a scar since the wound is quite large, but it won’t be
He takes off his coat and lifts Matilda out of her seat. Sherlock fetches two mugs from the cupboard, switches on the kettle and smiles at Matilda.
Sherlock finds them like that twenty minutes later. He heard John pacing in his room. And at some point, it seemed to become more and more improbable that
five months by now and starts turning – that has increased her level of mobility considerably. John and Sherlock spend a few hours clearing the flat from
Sherlock plays calm, beautiful pieces for what seems to be hours. John is cuddled into his chair, his head resting against its back and his feet on
casts a look full of disappointment and indignation at John, struggles to get away from his lap and crawls to Sherlock. When she has spotted all of his
little space between him and John. Just to be pulled close again, with a hint of a thrust of his cock.
get off while watching him. John has never seen anything this arousing before, and he isn’t sure how long he will be able to witness his lover doing this
They arrive at the beach after a short ride along a small winding road through green meadows. John isn’t sure that this place really exists within a two
He had managed not to drown in alcohol and depression. It had been one hell of a struggle and he hadn't
“Ok. Mummy – mother – listen, I’ve got work to do. Yes. At nine on a Sunday morning. Criminals tend not to care about standard office hours. I’ve really got to go now. Yes. I’ll give you a call. Thanks. Bye. Yes! Really, I have to… yeah, bye.”
“One’s still at the crime scene, Consort Road in Peckham. A neighbour found him this morning. The other one is at St Bart’s, Molly’s doing the post-mortem.
The next day, as they sit at the kitchen table having a very late breakfast, after having slept eleven hours in a row, John sips at his coffee. He grimaces as he swallows the beverage and takes a small bite off his toast. Sherlock watches him for a moment.
elegantly clad and eyes them with a mixture of surprise and suspicion. When they turn right to go to the residential towers, John can see from the corner
the launderette and the permanent lack of clean clothes makes them quarrel way too much. Sherlock pays the British Library a visit to get some books for
John didn’t know if this made him happy or confused or if it scared the shit out of him. He had heard enough life-altering revelations and he had had
They do go out, they put Matilda in her pram and decide to walk to a café a few streets from Marylebone Station Sarah had told John about ages ago. It is
John gets into the bed, desperate to touch Sherlock again. Their kisses get sloppier, filthier, filled to the brim with desire. Their light touches grow stronger and wilder. When John buries his hand in Sherlock’s hair once more, he can’t help but pull a bit. Sherlock lets out a hoarse cry. John feels the wetness from Sherlock’s cock against his stomach. His right hand is still entangled in Sherlock’s hair, his left touching Sherlock’s cock, giving him a few strokes. He needs to feel Sherlock’s cock, needs to see his reaction. He had been unsure whether Sherlock felt these things at all for too long. Sherlock pants hard, opening his mouth as if he can’t get enough air through his nose.
the floor, he is cursing under his breath and spitting blood. John kicks the knife away, but Evans’s friend is already taking it, while the other one is
living room. Greg was simply there, witnessing John’s tears and crying. Dusk set in and when Greg was about to get up and switch on the light, he heard
hands curl into loose fists. He sinks deeper into the mattress and closer to Sherlock. The last thing John realizes as his breathing becomes lighter and
at the supermarket, he got his whisky. Drinking until everything went numb was better than feeling the loneliness, the despair and the uselessness. But
him. He groans. Sherlock is half sitting on the table, half leaning against it. He opens his legs a little and lets John come closer. John brushes against
– lived before. It is still a lot about finding out how things work with a baby. And how things work out between two grown men
“Ah, there you are…” Greg turns around a corner and swallows the rest of his sentence, staring at them for the blink of an eye. He shakes his head and
John dragged Sherlock away from the kitchen table. Some forty minutes later, they arrived at the family’s house in Richmond. A very well-kept white
“Sleep well, little firefly. And try not to throw up while you sleep. If you have to, just let us know, so John can lift you up.“
John puts the presents and the phone on his nightstand. Then Sherlock wraps his arms around his still naked torso and doesn’t seem to have any intention of
John's shirt is damp with sweat and sticking to his skin. He sits in his bed, breathing hard and fighting nausea. He feels for his phone, finally finds it and taps away the keyboard locking. The display is too bright in the darkness of his bedroom, but it is real, it is
fourth day of their stay, John decided to walk to the ruins of an old fortress, he had seen it from the car on their way to the village.
Tears ran down Harry’s face and her voice was shaking. From anger, from memories of Clara, from the pain she had seen in John’s eyes when he came to her
“Yes, please. Just through the living room. Watch out, there’s a small step when you go out into the garden.”
“Yes, John. I want to feel you, I want to… have you inside me. I want you to fill my body the way you fill my brain and my thoughts, I… I want you to claim
number of seafood dishes on the menu. After they have ordered, the elderly waitress comes back, puts a candle on the white table cloth and lights it. “Just
For a few hours, John sleeps like a log. The restless nights are taking their toll on him. But since his body is so used to waking at least once a night,
your parents’ unhappy house. But other than your sister you didn’t choose rebellion, but discipline and worked yourself out of there.“
John puts on some fresh clothes, too. Matilda doesn’t like the tea very much. But apparently it soothes her upset stomach enough to let her fall asleep
After the funeral, John spent a lot of time sitting in his chair. Actually, he did little else. He slept occasionally and he ate when Sherlock reminded
chest, leaves his bed and puts on a dressing gown. She drinks one more bottle of warm milk, but doesn’t fall asleep afterwards. In the end, John crawls
window and amazing view of the sea. The cottage was tastefully (and probably quite expensively) furnished and decorated. Sherlock’s bedroom had an open
John nods and gently squeezes her small and wrinkled hand as they go inside. On the stairs, he is right behind Sherlock, one hand on his back to make sure he won’t fall.
“Sherlock, he’s often like that since he’s come home, isn’t he? God, that’s got to change or his temper will give him a heart attack one day. Or gastric ulcer, at the very least.” Lestrade sighs.
For IRL reasons, I couldn't keep up anything resembling my usual writing routine since the beginning of August and as much as I hate it, it will only get a little calmer around mid-October. This means I'm still working on chapter 14 - and won't be able to post it on Monday next week. It might take some time, but I'm on it and will keep you posted (check my tumblr at alexaprilgarden.tumblr.com if you want to).
He is holding his breath at the magnitude of this realization and something like panic is building up in his chest, he doesn’t even know why. Then Sherlock
Sherlock can’t answer. He is too afraid of what his voice might sound like, needy, on the edge. He nods and gasps when John’s hand slips underneath the
how he had turned the key in the keyhole? On the stairs, he heard Sherlock playing the violin. When he entered the flat, Sherlock didn’t stop, he just
the bottle of water from the bag in the back seat and drank, suddenly thirsty and aware of how dry his mouth felt from all his sleeping.
Sherlock shuffles closer to John, turns around and lets himself be spooned by him. John holds him tight and after a few minutes, Sherlock notices John’s
“No, promise. Billy isn’t coming. No. No, no poisoned drinks either. No, of course not. No, and I won’t steal any of Mycroft’s stuff…” Sherlock is exasperated, John can clearly tell by the sound of his voice. He is pacing up and down the living room, wearing his dressing gown.
One word about how to deal with someone who has taken extasy/MDMA/Molly: In spite of doing my research and reading up on it, I actually have no idea about it. Harry's (and John's) way to deal with Sherlock while he's high is the way that worked best for me
served, but it evaporated again when he was shot and out of work. The army pension really didn’t get him very far in London, even by his moderate standard
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but smiles. Without the usual edge of mockery or sarcasm in his eyes. John can’t read him.
and Mycroft to each other. He prepares some baby food for Matilda while she lies on the floor playing with her new toy – well, grabbing it.
had gotten used to the routine at the clinic again, the three shifts weren’t as exhausting anymore. He could even handle getting the groceries and seeing
“Sherlock, I’d like to go for a walk. Regent’s Park, maybe. We could take Matilda in her pram. What do you think?”
Matilda is pleasantly nonbiased. But John can’t help noticing that Mycroft seems to be a little intimidated by her. And he is quite proud of his daughter.
talk, a little getting used to each other again after eight months of not seeing each other and a little adjusting to these significantly new
throughout the day. When John went shopping that morning, he was so dizzy he completely forgot about buying new milk powder. Even though he knew they were
time when Sherlock and John come home late in the evening. They are still discussing the case they have just finished as they open the front door of 221.
talking. She turned everything she started into a mess. And yet, they only had each other, their parents dropped more and more out of both their lives. And
Just as a silver car stops in front if the house, Sherlock hears the front door of 221b close. Lestrade gets out the car.
something happened he should know about, something that required to be acted upon, he would be told without having to ask for it. Sherlock stays out of
It a musical box for children. An old one, used, but in good condition. John pulls at the string and some long-forgotten children’s song plays.
“And twentyfive.” Sherlock doesn’t really know why he is teasing John so badly, he knows he is destroying all the progress John has made (they have made?). “Go on and you don’t need the small notes anymore.”
John didn’t feel a lot like eating, but it was probably a good idea. It just took him two minutes until he was at a sandy beach. The waves rolled in,
Still, they didn’t get on well. He knew it might be a bit unfair, but he never could stop blaming her that his own life was getting a lot more difficult
couldn't describe it any differently. He is amazed and inexplicably aroused by the little sounds they make while they kiss. Small moans and sighs, their
almost torturous to see him like this, almost naked, his whole body a fucking temptation. But John wants to draw it out, enjoy it. Savour every moment like
But mercifully free from things that Sherlock had touched, tossed in the air and caught again with his long hands. Nothing he had messed up, hid his
to sleep again. John goes back to bed, eternally grateful for Sherlock’s minimal need of sleep. Sherlock carries her around for hours on end. Eventually,
drug often used by men who want to engage in anal sex. I've loved this song for 20 years and only found out now.
Sherlock woke up and switched on the light on the nightstand. He fetched another paracetamol and a glass of water and handed it to John.
He inhales. And exhales. Trying to let go. He stays in the bedroom for a small while. He hears laughter from the garden through the open window. He just
John crawls up to him and is immediately drawn into a kiss. Sherlock is a pliant and soft mess, cuddly and still wanting him, riding that post-orgasmic
someone else to talk to. After a few minutes, John is released from Sherlock’s embrace and he catches his breath again.
Miller, had been spotted there. John cancelled the rest of his shift and hurried to the address Sherlock had given him. It was an old warehouse, rotten and
John’s and Mycroft’s wordless agreements. He knows that John has to set the pace for all the things concerning Mary.
“Yes, that, pretty much. But also – I was. I mean, I wanted it. But – oh fuck, Sherlock, why don’t you tell me what you’ve deduced already and I tell you
Mycroft tried to get information about him elsewhere: He called teachers, parents and offices. He was a grown man after all and his intelligence and his
The bright and sunny afternoon has turned into a warm evening, the light changes and the shadows grow. The scent of the flowers and bushes hangs even heavier in the air. Torches, candles and paper lanterns are being lit and set up an atmosphere like a midsummer night’s dream.
To give your more detailed information, I’d have to check the computer. Get you a proper list, maybe,” MacMillan sighs.
He will tell him. Show him. Anything. If Sherlock loves him in the same way John does, craving his touch, desperate for his body and closeness, it’s fine. And if he doesn’t feel like that and values John in some inexplicable platonic Sherlockian manner and will just allow him to be with him and carry on with their old life, it will be fine as well. Suddenly John is sure. He doesn’t care in what way Sherlock loves him. As long as he does love him.
further down Sherlock’s belly, letting it rest halfway between his navel and the waistband of his pyjama bottoms.
“I’m sorry. He didn’t exactly ask me if…” John suddenly feels awkward, having been told something too personal about Sherlock without Sherlock’s consent.
Sherlock would dismiss it as mere transport, as too much of a distraction from his work. Or that he simply might not be interested in it. But it works out
“No, we’re not coming with Mycroft. We’ll take the train and none of his helicopters. Yes. Yes.” John hears Sherlock sigh.
John liked playing rugby. And he was good at it. Certainly the best of his team and among the teams around. Playing rugby offered an opportunity to get
They take a cab back to Baker Street and end up in London's daily rush hour traffic jam. John is pleasantly nervous with anticipation. His head aches a bit
anyone or anything else, except for Matilda, of course. More than once, John gratefully thinks of the money that allows him to be at home all day instead
chance of spending some time on his own. Even if it is just while he goes shopping at Tesco or does the laundry.
After the interrogation, there isn’t much left to do for John and Sherlock at the Yard. It is almost half past five and Sherlock hails a cab.
laptop, helping Lestrade wrapping up the smugglers’ case. When Mrs Hudson asks Sherlock if they need anything from Tesco’s, he decides that the current
“Jonathan’s drug use has proceeded from occasional cocaine to a rather regular consumption of heroin. It suits with the amount of money he needed… and
But that doesn't mean I'd advise anyone to do the same when they meet someone who might have taken extasy or other drugs. Tbh, I guess I'd have called the ambulance, I don't trust these drugs at all.
questions they might have. And give them an update on the recent developments if needed. So far, John doesn’t want to know. He understands that if
He saw that Sherlock cared for him, to let it get to him. Or to really appreciate it or even realise the extent of his care. The pain inside him killed
against the cloth of his old sleeping shirt. Sherlock’s chest moves with his calm breathing and his exhales feel warm on John’s arms. John falls asleep
The first days are wearing. Wearing because both Sherlock and John get copies of the thick file labelled A.G.R.A..
Sherlock is still typing when he gets back into the bedroom. He doesn’t look up when John sits down behind him, naked, spreading his legs around Sherlock,
John has to pull himself together to not just come right now, this is more than he would ever have imagined.
bit further and grasps Sherlock’s backside, absolutely thrilled that he can do that now. Sherlock groans and kisses him more deeply.
Regent’s Park. It’s a bright day in June and he makes a mental note to get some sun blocker for Matilda the next time he is at Boot’s. When he is waiting
looked around and thought of the night he had collapsed in here, when Sherlock had been dead. Being here now was unexpectedly
At St Bart’s, he finds Sherlock, Molly and Lestrade in Molly’s lab. Sherlock is bent over a slab, eyeing a body closely with his magnifying glass. Lestrade
lectures nor had he been seen by anyone in four days. Jonathan was a rather calm, unusually clever boy without many friends. Recently, he had neglected his
back. Despite of the absolutely amazing sex they have just had, John is already thrilled again by the way Sherlock’s tongue feels against his. They kiss
immense effort. If it hadn't been for all these obligations, John would have just sat on the sofa, staring at the wall. Even getting up and eating cost too
“Mr Holmes? Listen, it’s urgent… I overheard a meeting today, between Sokół and Ryś. I’ve… got three places, all in the City: Paternoster Square, Liverpool Street and 122 Leadenhall Street. And I’ve got a date: 22 December, that’s friday this week. I can also confirm that weapons have been delivered from SiedlceStal. I have seen the arsenal today. Full report later, sir,” Novak whispers against the microphone hidden near his collar.
When they can’t find her in her office at the theatre, Sherlock and John hurry to her flat at the Lauderdale Tower. Before they enter the tower, they stop
starts moving in earnest. But Sherlock is indeed well-prepared and when he starts rocking in hips against John’s cock, John stops thinking.
had, he probably wouldn't have cared. The castle was beautiful, broken grey walls on a green lawn scattered with rocks. It was a dramatic scenery. John
The impressions of the dream he had while being unconscious are still vividly present in his mind. Sherlock, in a million of situations. All the things
Sherlock looks a little startled, so John hurries to add, “I’d… well, you know. I’d like to spoon you. Sounds ridiculous, I know, but...“
“Hey, little bumble. Everything’s quite new, isn’t it? You’ll get used to it. You have plenty of time. Don’t worry.“
case still lingered heavily between them. John didn’t know how to handle Sherlock’s shooting Magnussen, his drugs on the abandoned mission to Eastern
“I will,“ Sherlock says in a low voice. John’s hand slides down his neck to his chest. Sherlock’s heart beats under the thin cloth of his worn-out t-shirt.
bother hailing a cab, John”). It is still very warm. Sherlock tells him bits and pieces about his childhood. How he learned to ride a bike on this street
Despite being rather defeated, Mara Roussel carries herself with pride. She holds her head up high and moves with the grace of a ballet dancer when she is
Much later a noise from the hallway wakes him again. Sherlock’s gone, but the bed still smells like him. He finds a single dark, slightly curled hair on the Sherlock’s pillow. He runs his finger over it.
Sherlock stares at John, then at Matilda and at his tea. At Matilda again and, after a while, at John. He blinks a few times. John forces himself not to
“That’s very kind of you, Mrs Hudson. Thank you so much. If you’d leave us now… you see, we should really clean this up quite quickly.” Sherlock is grateful John manages to speak in proper sentences, something he is not capable of at that very moment.
mouth as deep as he can. John is reduced to curses and moans, digging his hand into Sherlock’s dark curls and, finally, thrusts into his mouth. Sherlock
he never gave much thought whose body it was who bumped into him, lay across him, held him down. With Rob, he always knew it was him. He was more aware of
Over dinner, John learns that Melinda is a photographer, that she is really fond of Harry and that she has a nice sense of humour. When they have finished
The taste of whisky still lingers on John’s tongue, peat and smoke and a faint burn of alcohol. He feels warm. Somehow one of the Holmes’s plaid blankets ended up draped over his legs and socked feet and the whisky has lit a pleasant glow in his belly. He has had enough to feel a little drowsy, so he lets his head rest back against the armchair, listening to the soft rumble of Sherlock’s voice without listening to what he says.
floor next to the laundry basket. Then he spots Sherlock’s clothes folded next to the water basin.
, he wanted this. It had been such a long time. He rearranged his pyjama bottoms and got up as silently as he could. He went
this school weren’t as dull as his old ones. And that the library actually held an amazingly large variety of books. He started to study almost everything
Some time later (which might be 18 minutes after all), John enters the kitchen. Sherlock and Marcus are having breakfast and are reading the newspaper, while Mycroft types something on his laptop.
John’s skin touch his own and John’s cock against his hips, he pulls him into another deep kiss. He tenderly bites John’s lip while he lets his hands slip
He breaks the kiss, shocked by his own actions. When he looks around, he realizes that absolutely no one cares. Sherlock looks at him in anticipation. His seductive manner is gone, he is unguarded and open.
The moon is shining quite brightly by now, and the whole place smells intensely like flowers. Sherlock stops in front of the garden house, which is
“And so is Sherlock. I have known him since he was little. He is a brilliant, beautiful man,” Ruth adds.
rushes towards the bathroom. He doesn’t notice that the light is switched on and water is running. In the bathroom, he dumps the bundle of clothes on the
shower without hurrying. Or simply clean up the mess in the kitchen – Matilda’s used bottles and his left-over takeaway, bowls of half-eaten weetabix
They take it slowly, at first. They savour the slightly familiar and yet still new sensation of their mouths, of their sounds, their smells and the way
When he comes home with bags filled with food, Sherlock is lying on the sofa, reading something on his phone. Matilda sleeps on his chest.
when he saw Sherlock's cup, feeling sick and tired, he knew he couldn't drink. He sat down and looked at the cup for a long time.
“About… when I jumped. Getting it wrong and dying for real. Getting shot again. And… prison. But it’s been a while.”
Sherlock didn't reply for a long time. When John thought he had gotten lost in thought again, Sherlock finally said, “I went through overdoses. I was just
“Well, let’s just walk a bit. Are there caves over there?” John says, pointing at a few cliffs a few hundred feet from them.
Sherlock comes back, still looking adorably ruffled, he has got three presents on his arm and their landline phone in his hand.
“I’m here. And I won’t leave again. Ever. I was hurt, Sherlock, yes, but I am fine now. And you did save me, again and again. I am here with you and with
John explodes. He takes the teapot and throws it into Sherlock’s equipment. Unfortunately, the makers of that teapot didn’t pay much attention to its ballistic qualities. So apart from the fact that it is quite heavy, it is neither very aerodynamic nor very elegant in its flight. It does land on the petri dishes quite impressively, though, damaging most of them and scattering notes and coins all over the kitchen.
intimidate them. You killed the cats to take something from them they loved, just as you had loved your job as an actress. And then you poisoned them. Am I
It is almost unbelievable and yet, at the same time, the most natural and logical for Sherlock how easily closeness and sex have become part of their relationship, of their everyday life, of
being paused or abandoned! I just need a little more time. And I’m happily working on the later chapters.
would have been much too crowded and too noisy. Greg listened. And remained silent for a frighteningly long time. Finally, he cleared his throat.
He sinks back on his heels, catching his breath and lying his head on the small of Sherlock’s back, who has sunken down to the sofa as well.
The last times they met didn’t go exactly well. John knew she didn’t like Mary, but to find out just how little she thought of her surprised even him. In
forced to act upon that, John was glad that someone else made a decision for him and put an end to that farce. And after a while, sometime between moving
He goes downstairs to have a proper shower and almost bumps into Sherlock, now wearing a worn-out t-shirt and pyjama bottoms. John can’t help but think of
“This is the Gherkin. And the Shard. There’s the Walkie-Talkie and... St Paul’s. And St Bart’s,” Sherlock offers.
the Barbican Centre, to the place where the Theatre’s props are being stored. Andrew MacMillan, the props manager, a tired looking, overweight man in his
And this is the feeling dominating the next days. John expects it to vanish throughout the first day or to get weaker, but it doesn’t. It doesn’t diminish
five minutes!“ Playing with other children hadn’t exactly been a success for the Holmes’ brothers, so there was no one Sherlock could turn to now.
After a span of time which is impossible to measure of quantify, they break their kiss, breathing heavily and smiling. Sherlock shyly takes his hand. “Let’s go… inside.” John would have thought he couldn’t get any more aroused, but Sherlock proves him wrong. Sherlock’s hand slips from John’s hand to his waist. John is high on endorphins and on being close to Sherlock. Perfectly behaving like a couple in love.
the Barbican from 1998 to 2002 and… apparently still works at the theatre, but in the office. And Mike Philips, another actor at the Barbican, also still
completely different having him around more or less constantly. It makes most everyday situations easier, but the most significant difference is the
And like diving into a stream and being carried away by it, like riding a wave, like everything falling into place, they touch. Slightly nervous and
‘reads’ one of her favourite picture books to her. She sits curled in his lap, leaning against his chest, and only rarely pointing at them. John feels the
John does as he is told. When he enters the garden the others have laid the table. John puts the lasagna down. Marcus hurries inside, murmuring something about fetching water and Mycroft.
shape of broad shoulder blades under a t-shirt or the way a boy’s ass looked in a pair of jeans. He never really tried for the smiles and the gazes and the
“Goodness, I need to clean myself up. I feel awful. I need a shave.“ Sherlock gets up and walks to the hallway. When John starts to clean the table, Sherlock turns and holds John’s gaze.
John wakes early. It is just around five o’clock, when he opens one eye to check his watch. It is already light outside, he hears the birds chirp through the open window. It takes him a minute until he remembers where he is.
scent again, to feel his naked skin against his. They don’t talk. This is some kind of bonding – as if to seal and to deepen their connection with physical
Lestrade gave him a call around lunchtime, asking for help on a small fraud case, Sherlock didn’t even have to leave the flat to solve it. When Lestrade called again a few minutes after they had just hung up, Sherlock wouldn’t answer the phone first, deciding that Lestrade really should find the answers to the remaining questions himself. But Lestrade called eight more times, and when Sherlock finally spat a “Yes?” into his mobile, it was urgent. Very urgent. Triple homicide, a fourth person missing in Kentish Town. While taking a cab to the place where the three bodies had been found, he texted John.
“Yes, I know what a boyfriend is, Sherlock. No, I won’t do that. No way. And I was right, I don’t like it. Sherlock, you must be out of your mind.”
lost in drugs and vanishes. Sherlock talked to Jonathan’s parents for a while. He refrained from insulting them or putting them under an unnecessary amount
cautious and distant about him. If it wasn’t for that occasional distance, he might actually start hoping for something
Later on, after Melinda and Harry have left, John and Sherlock lie on the sofa, having a glass of whisky.
Hardly anyone still calls them on their landline phone, since the mobiles are so much more convenient. John isn’t surprised to hear that the message is
They decide to spend a few days at the Holmes’s house at the end of August. Sherlock rents a car, they pack their things and get ready for a small
“Get used to that. Will find her adorable. People tend to lie less convincing when there’s a baby around. Might actually work for us.”
Here are the phone talks between Sherlock and his dad and then between Sherlock's dad and John's mum. John doesn't hear any of it, so that's why they aren't in the chapter.
cloth. He didn’t bother putting on any pants earlier. John can feel his hair, still a bit damp from the shower. And then there is Sherlock’s cock. It is
“He’s upstairs, doing his best to put Matilda to sleep. He told me not to wait for him, it might take a while. She’s teething and he doesn’t eat very
Then Sherlock is lying on John’s chest. His head is buried in John’s neck, and he feels his hot, moist breath against his skin. Sherlock starts placing
John does. He slips open the buttons, revealing Sherlock’s chest. He feels his heart beat in his throat, in every blood vessel in his body. He has never
“John.” Sherlock takes a deep breath. “Please.” And he doesn’t add anything, no more wordy explanations, no more persuasion. John fights a brief, forceful war with himself and finally surrenders.
They are walking up a little alleyway leading up to what must be town centre, between old brick and tudor style house.
“Sherlock. I’ve been attracted to you for years. To your soul, your brain and your heart. And to your body. I’ve been bloody fantasizing about you. And I’m
When they have been walking for a few minutes, John realizes that they must be taking a different way home.
“Look, Matilda, there’s your carrot. Chew. It’ll help you with your teeth,“ John offers wearily. While Matilda actually does start chewing her carrot, they
I keep rearranging the plot and things keep coming up that need to be written. Ergo: Fifteen chapters now.
contacts to the absolutely necessary minimum. So he considered MI6 to be his best career option: Pulling the strings from behind, applying complex
Greg just sat and listened to John’s whispers. After a long time, he made tea and searched the kitchen for something edible. He found a few biscuits and
when imagining it, just assuming he would love it. Which proved right during the last few days. But now that he tastes it and feels it in his mouth, he
“And do go straight to bed afterwards! Your body is supposed to keep the heat from the hot water,” John called as Sherlock went to the bathroom. He heard
John can’t stop this line of thought. He has to look at Sherlock over breakfast a few times, as if to reassure himself this really has happened. When he
Matilda is sleeping next to them in her own bed, so they don’t make a lot of noise. They kiss silently except for a few pants and moans, their whispered
and some other things that make the place surprisingly comfortable. It smells faintly like old cloth and dust, like plants and potting soil.
John came hard, gasping for air. From the heights of his climax he dived into sadness. Drowning in an endless, infinitely deep and dark sea of sadness. He
. He gives it a few long, firm strokes, he wants to feel Sherlock's arousal. He rubs circles over the head of Sherlock's cocks, feeling Sherlock's whole body twitch and desperate groans escape Sherlock's mouth.
Not daring to look at Sherlock again, he quickly takes a towel. He puts it in the sink, switches on the warm water for a few seconds, then spills some soap
bit. When he returns to their bed, he kisses Sherlock’s forehead and whispers, “That was by far the best birthday I’ve ever had.“
On his way back, he saw that the cottage was illuminated. It lit the night and his way back like a lighthouse, a safe harbour. He found Sherlock sitting on
So he opens Sherlock’s shirt, undoes his cuffs and lets it fall on the floor. The room is dark except for the dim golden light from the candles and lanterns in the garden. Sherlock’s pale skin seems to glow in the golden haze. Sherlock breathes heavily as John opens his belt and his dark, ridiculously well-tailored trousers and shoves them down. John can’t see the colour of Sherlock’s underpants, something dark, but they feel silky and tempting and hot under the tips of his fingers. He brushes over Sherlock’s hard cock. Touches it more tightly, he wants to feel him. Sherlock takes a stumbling step backwards until he leans against the locked door, his chest heaving. “Take these off, John.”
halt. Maybe it is the way she exists only in the present – no thinking about things that have been or that will be. Or, even worse, that would have been,
“I’m… I’m getting too close, Sherlock.” He pants heavily. “just a bit… slower. I want to see you come undone, too.”
John thinks he might be able to start enjoying himself soon when he suddenly feels drawn out of the situation, watching it like the audience of a theatre
Molly and her boyfriend were there. Mrs Hudson. Janine danced with some guy he only knew vaguely. He took a sip from his glass. It felt good. What a day.
Sherlock that Redbeard’s health was getting worse. And that the vet had told her that it would be best to put an end to his suffering. And it needed this
“Maybe I should have found myself a less grumpy flatmate. You know, Sherlock, small talk over breakfast can actually be quite nice.“
Later on, when they are still in bed, skin and sheets still slightly damp, Sherlock kisses John’s chest, eyes closed. John looks at him, he can feel John’s gaze wander over him. John... wonders. What is he wondering about? Sherlock opens his eyes.
for the traffic lights to turn green, he spots Mrs Hudson across the street. She is waving at him and waits for him on the side of the street.
I'm still working on this fic. I know it has been a long time since I last posted. Life is busy and challenging right now, so I can only write in 20 minute stretches (at most). I sometimes post about my small bits of progress on my tumblr (alexaprilgarden here as well), if you're in the mood.
The face of the man who insulted Sherlock turns to an unhealthy shade of red. He hisses through gritted teeth, “Joey?”
“Well, it’s actually not really my case, you know, Sherlock. Just took it because a colleague from the other department is on vacation and he asked me to
, it’s John, John kissing him, undressing him, wanting him… Sherlock’s breathing goes even faster and all of a sudden, his limbs go a bit numb and his sight turns blurry. John pushes the door closed, Sherlock stumbles, his knees get weak and he has to lean onto the wall behind the door. He is breathing heavily, closes his eyes and rests his head on the wall. John kisses his neck and licks a thin line from his jaw to his collar bone, following a driplet of sweat, Sherlock realizes. His eyes stay shut, and all of his attention focuses on what he feels, as if all of his senses have gone oversensitive: John’s cool hush of breath against his moist skin, the traces of his kisses and his tongue, the smell of John’s hair – a mixture of shampoo and, and…  something deeper, of purely
warmth and a smell completely unknown to him. He puts his nose to her tiny head until he touches her light hair. Everything is soft about her. Her face
John is carrying a bag with Indian take-away and Sherlock has wrapped his arm around his waist. In the narrow ground floor hallway, Sherlock has to let go
“I’ll give you a call. I’m so sorry,” he whispered. And he left without another word, hailing a cab outside. He usually avoided cabs, they were Sherlock’s
He took a few more paracetamol throughout the day. When it was getting dark outside again, his head felt a bit better and he tried to get up. He sat on the
, excited even. It is a gesture of care, of trust… showing that Sherlock wants to be here with him, too. In whatever way.
would pass if she just met the right man. Which made even John sick. Harry moved out a few weeks later, to London, to start a job which was definitely not
hands off him. Even if it is only for small everyday touches like brushing his hand against his as he passes him the sugar for his coffee.
apparently is required here to make John stay happy. He clears his throat, again, tries a smile and even says “Thank you, John”, as John hands him his cup of tea.
hand against John’s back for the shortest of moments, just enough to make brief contact. And to be sure this touch wasn’t a coincidence. John leans back,
“Yes, it’s nice, isn’t it?” he replies. He leans against the headboard and holds her against his chest. She reaches out to touch his nose and giggles.
someone climb the stairs. Mrs Hudson brought a pie, her eyes red and swollen. She handed it to Greg without a word, turning away immediately and going back
clothes. He leaves his pants on despite the sour smelling milk on them. With one armful of weeping Matilda and another armful of vomit-stained clothes, he
There are steps outside the bedroom door, getting closer. John looks around for his pants. He fishes them from the floor and puts them on, a little more
“John, John, it’s been so long, it’s been so much…” he whispers. And then, without consciously deciding to do so, he tells John everything. How he wanted
to be a disaster, at least in his eyes. Your mother expected comfort and help from you. And your sister wanted you to take her side in her battle against
of his ear with his fingers. He strokes his hairline and lets his hand get lost in Sherlock’s curls.
John swallows. It is exactly these things he never would have expected from Sherlock – or at least, he never would have expected him to put it into words.
The sensation of John’s cock against his own is overwhelming. John has taken up that slow, grinding roll of his hips again, moaning slightly.
He is magnetically drawn to Sherlock. This time, he doesn’t lose sight of him completely. He sees his dark curls above other people’s heads almost all the time. Sometimes Sherlock seems to look back to see whether John is still following. Sherlock slowly moves through the groups of guests, but fast enough to prevent John from catching up. They have almost meandered through the whole garden, when Sherlock is gone. John looks around for a few moments. He even peeks along the narrow path where Sherlock has taken him to the sea earlier. He is nowhere to be seen. John turns around, the garden stretched between him and the Holmes’s house. It is quite dark by now. He hears his name, Sherlock is calling him. He stands just a few feet away, next to a small pond John hasn’t noticed before.
Sherlock’s minute might rather be three quarters of an hour, but John takes this as a sign that he is at ease with his parents and just enjoying their
his green eyes. John was just about the step back and murmur something in apology, when Rob suddenly bent down and pressed a kiss on his lips.
crawling. She tells him how her niece started crawling (“She was ten months by then, ten months! And she didn’t walk until she was 19 months. My sister was
and there is pain where he has had the stitches. But still he smiles, looking out of the window, not knowing how to look at Sherlock. They sit just ever so
After having a shower and just a cup of tea, he packed his things. John and Harry stood in her narrow hallway for a minute.
back now, it was getting dark and he didn’t know the area. He took a few more breaths before he turned around.
In a way, the situation reminds him of the state he was in when he first met Sherlock, years and years ago. He had lost everything. He didn’t know what the next day would bring, he was hurt, lost and tired. So is he now. But there’s a place he can return to. A place he still calls home. And there is someone who has proven once more that he is ready to give everything to make sure John is safe. Someone who cares about him. More than John actually dares to believe. Although John is more than a bit emotionally exhausted, he feels weirdly calm. And focused. The longer the ride takes, the longer Sherlock sleeps, there, in his seat, just a few inches away from him, and the longer the past events sink in, the clearer it all becomes for John. He realized ages ago that he actually loves Sherlock. When Sherlock was gone, after he jumped. When he came back, literally
of pressure just to get his information more quickly. When they were done, Sherlock wanted to see Jonathan’s room at the campus. Greg joined. Sherlock was
He doesn’t argue that he would prefer spending the night at home. He knows it is useless and he does actually feel quite bad. When they are in his hospital
sight, to say the least. And it sticks to his mind far more than he would like to, popping up before his
Sherlock scratches his fingernails across the table and turns his head towards John. He can see that Sherlock is biting his lips and his cheeks are pink.
weaker and weaker. The girl was born a few weeks too early. She was far too small. But she was wide awake and glimpsing at John. She let out a small moan.
even though it seemed to be more than a bit wrong, he let all the images come back as he took his cock in his hand.
“Yes, they were inseparable for a few years. It changed… when Sherlock was in puberty, I think. We never really figured out what happened between those two. Only snarling and bickering, just like today. Can’t even spend ten minutes in the same room without starting a fight.”
changing room, having a shower and discussing the match themselves. Probably making jokes about the other team. Talking to his trainer took a while. When
forehead. He meets Sherlock’s eyes after that kiss and kisses him, too. A moment longer than the average Good Morning Kiss might take and with a hint of
“You probably saw how gay men were harassed, made fun of or simply not treated like any other men. That strengthened your decision and kept you from
He suddenly realizes that this might have been exactly what Mycroft was pursuing when he talked to John. He growls at his interference. If he had his
“This is like holidays, Sherlock. We should visit your parents more often. And we should have brought swimming trunks and towels, it’s a perfect day for swimming.”
“I knew I loved you. Achingly so. And I simply couldn’t bear the thought of my parents asking me why we… weren’t together. Would’ve killed me.”
shelf next to him to pull himself up. He hears steps from afar, and shouting. Someone calling his name. His legs get weaker and everything gets lost in
couldn't stop, he was too far gone already. But desperation took over what happiness had filled him just moments before. During his dream.
“Oh, alright. Thanks. I’m sure Matilda will love it. So you actually went into a toy shop to get this? You’ve always hated those places.“
progress. The fic is (including notes and everything) at 41k and it looks as if it would turn out to be quite a bit longer than this one. Also, angstier. Things are getting difficult. (But there'll be a happy ending, of course. :) )
When they are finished, Sherlock leans back in his chair. He inhales deeply and shoves his fingers into his hair.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. John isn’t sure if Sherlock’s case-rating scale even has a number for dead cats. But things turn much more interesting more
couldn’t decide on what to eat or what to do apart from walking. He felt completely adrift and followed Sherlock’s suggestions without any opinion of his
John should have really seen it coming. Matilda has been in a bad mood and crying all day. He feeds her sitting in his chair, rather exhausted from a long
muscles moving, the elegant ridge of his spine and his shoulder blades. Within a split second, the images from his teenage fantasy come back to his mind
had two children to look after, but Sherlock brightened up again. He let Redbeard sleep in his bed (which he was forced to stop after a few weeks when Mrs
This is the end of their holidays, the day they leave the campsite and go back to England. Let's just keep in mind that --
woke up in the middle of the night with nightmarish images of the little girl in his arms or Mary walking out of the flat, her arms held by soldiers. He
“Oh fuck,“ Sherlock whispers after a minute with a high-pitched voice, and John can tell he has brushed his prostate. Sherlock starts moving his hips,
In the middle of the night John woke up from feverish dreams. He couldn't recall what they were about, but they were frightening and left him scared. He
starts telling him about the last case Lestrade asked him to help him with. After a moment or two, John opens his eyes, following Sherlock’s string of
As if to make sure that this is none of the hidden, yet frequently visited chambers of his mind palace, he pulls down John’s pants. John breaks their kiss
John pulls him up and kisses him hard, tasting his own precome in Sherlock’s mouth. Panting and kissing, they take the few steps to the sofa. Sherlock
carries her back to the sunshade, dries her with a towel and hands her her little bottle with water. She cuddles into his arms and drinks greedily, tired
milk – is running down his chest, his back, into his trousers and his pants. Her little onesie is spilled with milk, too. And she starts crying at the
Sherlock was gone. After today, John thought that he was further out of reach than he was when he had been dead.
room never got a new purpose: A mixture of children and teenager things, furniture left behind, stuff just stored for some time
Sherlock’s. He never dared to figure out what they might have been about. And the fantasy hadn’t come back ever since.
had been living together for months and years in the past, John is a quite private man. And, other than Sherlock himself, he doesn’t walk around the flat
John tries to imagine a three-year-old Sherlock. And, maybe it is all to be blamed on hormones, he finds this thought quite endearing.
“Yeah, think so too. Maybe it makes me look dangerous.“ He laughs. „I'm doing quite well, the concussion is all over and stuff.“
Sherlock pauses, looking at John. And when John looks back at him, holding his gaze, he goes on, his voice suddenly shy, „What do you want, John?“
As much as he wants him – and Christ, he does – this is neither the time nor the place to get started with it.
John briefly considers how to stop her, he actually went out to have some time to think – but, well, this is Mrs Hudson, after all.
Sherlock went upstairs and got him two large bathing towels. John shivered with coldness. It was difficult to undress with icy, numb fingers, but when he
navel and his nipples. Sherlock’s breathing accelerates and he kisses John again, passionately. The kisses aren’t as gentle and exploring as they were on
to ensure that another life started safe and free from financial worries. John decided to place a good part of it in a bank account with a promising
“That’s great. But do get some sleep as well. Remember, it takes some time to get used to this new situation. For all three of you.“
could never talk to Sherlock again. Never never never. John felt his knees go weak. He leaned against
Rob left, taking long steps towards his team’s changing room and John replied something like “Sure, see you“. Or maybe he didn’t. He wasn’t sure how he
After the ambulance had left, Sherlock checked Maurice’s wardrobe, his desk and some folders. Greg went to hospital to meet Jonathan’s parents.
into a routine, John and Matilda, and he knows he would manage on his own. Of course he would. But on most evenings he doesn’t really know what he has done
The next morning, John wakes up early again. There is a light summer rain, a comforting, soothing sound. He wakes fully aware of what happened. Last night’s excitement and anticipation has turned into a feeling of calm contentment. Sherlock is asleep.
grabbed a few things from the flat, his cup, his laptop. He fetched his tooth brush and his sanitary products, almost feeling guilty for leaving Sherlock's
“So, have a cup of tea. John, would you like some biscuits?” Marcus asks when he takes the tea tray to the garden table.
Sherlock cannot remember feeling this easy and... happy. He can’t really believe all of this, either. John waking up lying next to him in the morning. Kissing him. Loving him. Sherlock loves him, too. Of course he does.
John wouldn’t have known how to deal with anyone else. Mary was gone, he had received a thick manila envelope from Mycroft. It contained papers of the
knows what is about to come and babbles happily. Sherlock and Matilda play in the water and John swims a bit. He can see Matilda splashing Sherlock’s face
“I know.” He yawns. “But for the record, you’re an idiot, too. You should’ve realized you loved me ages ago.”
In the end, Sherlock stays at John’s house for five days in a row, sleeping on the sofa. He briefly goes back to Baker Street to get a few things –
quite a good swimmer. He likes seeing his fair skin in the waves and his long arms digging into the water. When Matilda’s lips turn slightly purple, he
felt oddly peaceful in the broken building. The wind grew stronger and the clouds were hanging so low that they covered the hill tops at Jura. It started
finally had gotten rid of his pants as well, he wrapped himself in the towels and left a wet bunch of clothes in hallway.
stares at nothing. At the sky, until his eyes hurt. At the pattern of the wallpaper. At the backs of the books on the shelf, without reading their titles.
“Marcus? Oh, where are you again? Sherlock’s here, and John! Come and say hello to the two of them,” Mrs Holmes calls into to hallway.
a sip of great whiskey, feel it on his tongue, sense its flavour in his nose until it flows down to his stomach, leaving a warm trail and its taste
Mycroft has it sent over to the safe house the day after John and Matilda moved in. John and Matilda have finished breakfast when Reid enters the room and hands him a package. "From Mr Holmes, Sir," he says and John is tempted to ask,
John doesn’t, he kneads his buttocks, feeling the muscles under his fingers. After a while, he lets his index finger rest on Sherlock’s tailbone, a bit
Sherlock is more than a bit uncomfortable with this, usually John doesn’t talk about these things. Is he supposed to say something? Offer help? Pat his back? Why doesn’t Mycroft pop out of thin air for once? Even the most stupid thing his brother could want from him would be a nice distraction now. He looks at his phone. No text from Lestrade. What is even the use of all these people.
sudden intimacy of having him back here. Even though he doesn’t know where he takes the energy from, he lifts a little, takes Sherlock’s face in his hands
head. She smiles in her sleep. A wave of affection rolls over John. He resists the urge to lift her up and cuddle her. He just bows down and kisses her
too late, everything in John’s life had changed. So he went to marry that woman he had proposed to, standing next to the man he loved. Let her shoot him and almost loosing him again.
Sherlock remains silent, not knowing what to say. After a while, he just repeats, “I never wanted anything more than this. Never anyone more than you,
downstairs, talking to her in a low voice. He even manages to put her back to sleep afterwards and gets back into John’s bed. John is dozing, lying on his
“God, you have no idea what I’d like to do to you now.“ John sighs. “But I can’t really do that with Matilda waking any minute... and the night was bad, I
bright and sunny again and he absolutely doesn’t want to stay in the flat. It takes him a little while until he realizes what makes him want to go outside:
joy to an extent that makes it difficult for John to delve into dark thoughts and questions. They are so happy being around Matilda - and it absolutely
on the way. The house was nothing short of spectacular. A white little cottage, ever so picturesquely located close to the beach, against the scenery of
“That way,” Sherlock nods and heads in the direction where the noise came from. They hear steps on the stairs under them and within a split second, the
John rushes behind Sherlock through the old warehouse – as good as you can rush when you don't want to make a sound. There are shelves, twelve feet high,
“Read it in a book. Could’ve said, you’ve got a fucking nice, round ass, but no, I didn’t. Wouldn’t even think of it. Swear jar’s working.“
When Greg arrived at the street outside St Bart's, John sat on the pavement, pale and absorbed in shock. There was a dark spot next to him, glistening red.
ask. He played and fought until every muscle in his body ached more than his soul did. He was often so exhausted afterwards that he slept for several hours
“He got a blow on the head. He needs an ambulance, I’d say he is concussed and he has got a bad laceration on his head.”
plate and the tea spoons within her reach, throws a spoon on the floor and laughs. Sherlock gets it back again and, immediately, she grabs it and drops it
that this is how they might be living from now on. Something restless and cautious, something ever vigilant watches out for the bad surprise. The waking
John strips off his pants. Sherlock pulls him close until he lies on top of him, moving his hips against his.
them, kneads them, he has to feel them. The way Sherlock’s hands feel on his ass pushes the air out of John’s lungs,
He helped him get up slowly and gently guided him to the car. At Baker Street, he asked John for his keys and opened the door. When they were halfway up
“Come on. Doesn’t sound dangerous and it’s a beautiful day outside... might just be fun. It’s my birthday.“
Being back at Baker Street is an improvement, to say the very least. Sherlock was at the house in the suburbs as often as he could. But it is something
one way or another. The first one was a theatre critic, then there are the former head of staff department, a director, another actress and a former member
can see something… unguarded in there. It’s too much for John to take right now. He smiles and looks away, hushing another kiss on Sherlock’s lower lip.
And so they told Mrs Hudson they would pick her up Friday night at 7. She was beaming, impatient, curious and so proud when they knocked on her door.
“It’s a bit of a shame we’re leaving so early, Sherlock. You were right about the champagne. It was marvellous.”
“I started checking her heart. It’s enlarged, something you see quite regularly among oarsmen. I hadn’t finished the post mortem when Sherlock got here,
“Roussel was an actress, wasn’t she? And now she’s doing some other job at the Theatre… sounds odd,” John says.
“We got to know Marge and Marcus at that time. They were among the first friends we’ve made here. And being as clever as she is, it took Marge less than two minutes to figure out we were lovers. I guess she has gotten into more than one fight defending us here. They are amazing, the two of them.” She pauses. John remains silent. All the things she said have set something in motion inside him... but he is just a bit too tipsy to point out what it is.
When Mycroft tried to talk about drugs to Sherlock once more, he quickly realized it was already too late. He knew that despite his dubious acquaintances,
squeezes the cool fluid out of the bottle. He spreads the lube over his cock, over John’s, and over John’s hand. It’s a perfect, moist mess, multiplying
He met Rob a few more times before the summer break, before Rob left for university. His rugby mates started teasing him about how he was always the last
To keep the nerve-grating frustration at bay, Sherlock also occupies himself with re-checking all the information on Mary and Sokół. He tries to find the flaws in Sokół’s network, the first chink in the armour. Meanwhile Novak makes his way into the criminal organisation. It would be a fascinating case if it wasn’t Sherlock's own life.
The ride back to Baker Street doesn’t take long. They stop at their favourite Thai take-away to get something for dinner. Beforehand, John has texted Mrs
“Yes... please,“ Sherlock whispers between kisses. John opens the belt and his trousers and pulls them carefully down his thighs. His hand brushes over Sherlock’s pants, over his cock, and he suddenly realizes just
finding themselves responsible for a baby. But Sherlock and he fit together like pieces of a puzzle. And with Matilda it is just... good. A tiny puzzle
“Yes, everything was. Quite well.” John says between two bites of toast. “So. What are we up to today? The party starts in the late afternoon, right? Can we help you with anything, Marcus?”
“Ok. Sherlock – this is… difficult. Yeah. I know what I am supposed to do. And I try to do it the best way I can.” John pauses in his pacing and stares at the ceiling. “But. It is driving me up the wall. I’m reading all your reports and things and – there’s nothing I can do. I’m sitting miles away in fucking Sussex. I can’t do anything to contribute to the mission, I can’t even go out and… kick a tree or something. Shout at the waves. Can’t even slam the fucking expensive doors your brother had built in here.”
Sherlock’s mind was like a sponge, always thirsty for knowledge. And nothing ever occupied him very long. Mycroft understood what drugs might mean to
medical treatment of some kind, and these are bad enough, in most cases. It was also different in the army. The men wounded and scarred there knew what
As I'm continuing to work on this fic I have updated the chapter count and there'll be about 26 chapters now, maybe 28. In case you're all wondering what's going to happen in nine more chapters, please keep in mind that at the beginning of the first chapter it says,
it. In the evenings, they would have dinner at the pub. After a few days, the guy who ran the pub started bringing them their preferred drinks without
They walked home, sated with good food and cheerful with the wine. In the hallway of 221, Mrs Hudson insisted they come to her kitchen for a nightcap.
as well. But it’s the hard way to have it, you know. And I’ve seen what Harry had to deal with sometimes. Back in uni, there was this one guy who... well. Made out. With me. ‘Twas amazing, it really was. But that’s it.“
If John wouldn’t know better, the next morning would start like any other they have spent together since he and Matilda moved back in with Sherlock about one and a half years ago: They let themselves be woken by Matilda, have breakfast and showers later on. They take turns in looking after the little girl, who sometimes plays on her own for a while and then wants to have a book read to her or decides to explore the kitchen drawers once more.
As they climb the stairs, John remembers Mycroft’s visit. And as soon as they are in the flat, Sherlock has found out, as well.
John feels the muscles inside of Sherlock clenching around his cock when Sherlock finally comes with a hoarse cry,
idea that straight after this phone call, Sherlock would call one of Victor’s so-called acquaintances and tell him he needed some.
back to Baker Street and now, disappointment, hurt and anger hit him with full force. It was still too much to really look at. He feels so much like a fool
MacMillan shows them out, passing offices and a number of people working there. Turning around a corner, they nearly run into a tall, slender woman. She is
what he should do now, Sherlock kisses him and slides his hand over his groin, making John gasp at the touch even through two layers of cloth.
John is holding Matilda and Sherlock puts her little jacket on, Sherlock is standing so close (just because now,
to the hallway and the flats is just closing. He leaves the staircase. He catches a glimpse of a shadow vanishing behind the next corner on the hallway.
can do about it. It’s a horrible, surrealistic mess. Sometimes I don't even remember. Difficult to explain.”
John was working at the clinic again. One late Thursday afternoon, when he was just about to pack his things and leave, his phone pinged.
promising a rather unusual way of life, it guaranteed a regular, reasonable income and financial independence. He had saved some money during the years he
John swallows and Greg intently stares at his pint. Then Greg gets up and hugs John tightly, patting him on his back. His eyes do seem to
Sherlock comes downstairs after having had a shower, wearing a very slim cut, dark blue shirt. When he moves his arms, it stretches over his chest, carving
He takes a pair of gloves from the box next to the slab. It is good to be on a case again. John didn’t know how much he missed it until he examines that
“Yes, mummy is making an awful lot of noise, just making sure no one stays in bed too long on her big day.”
Back in Sherlock’s room he finds Sherlock spread on his bed, reading one of his old science books. He mumbles something about how wrong it is from today’s point of view. When John stands in front of the bed, somewhat lost, Sherlock says without looking up, “Do it, John.”
Sherlock doesn’t want to know where this conversation is heading and switches off his phone. He pulls at the cigarette one last time, holds the smoke in his lungs as long as he can and exhales slowly. “Not like a schoolboy. That’s what
“If you need me or if you’ve got any questions, you can call me anytime. Here’s my mobile number. I’ll come and see you tomorrow at 11, ok?“
After a ten minute walk they arrive at a restaurant. It is small and they find a table nearby one of the windows. It smells delicious and John spots a
Evans, obviously even hungrier for a fight now, takes a few steps towards Sherlock, who still looks rather bored, apparently having been through a number
playing with spoons, dough scrapers, egg whisks as well as screwdrivers, wrenches and John’s old stethoscope.
“I need to think now, John”, Sherlock says through gritted teeth and lets himself fall onto the sofa. He stares at the ceiling, his hands steepled under his chin.
“Congratulations again. You’ve got a lovely daughter, John,“ she says after having a look into the pram at her sleeping niece.
throat. He was coming back. He stopped for a moment and took in the familiar noises of central London. The humming of cars and buses on Marylebone Road
When his phone beeped with the alarm to wake him, he disentangled his fingers from Sherlock’s hand. He wasn’t sure how Sherlock would react to this. What
parents were just lower middle class. They were proud that he was clever and hard-working enough to study medicine. But the idea of supporting him
just as he had in Scotland. Everything slowly added all up in John’s mind, everything Sherlock had done – had done
“It’s really good, Margaret. Sherlock says you have spent a lot of time organizing this party. It’s very nice. I like it.”
“Oh you do, quite a lot, actually. On the sofa, on my lap just yesterday, or whenever you’re on a case and pretend you don’t need any sleep.”
Despite his thoughts and making up his mind earlier in the car, Sherlock’s question hits John unexpectedly. He imagined Sherlock not to fully grasp the situation, to be too tired. Of course he is not.
The front door opens and Sherlock’s parents hurry to the car. They haven’t met Matilda yet and the excitement is written over their faces.
the fact that their parents would probably face his bisexuality just as helplessly as they had faced Harry’s being a lesbian, well, that didn’t help
except for a few lines via e-mail. He let her know things weren’t going exactly as he had anticipated. After Matilda’s birth, he had sent a short text and
They go to the cliffs, talking about pirates and the stuff they used to play as children. They climb up the cliffs.
The way from Baker Street tube station to 221b wasn’t long. But John drew it out. When he saw the red retractable roof of Speedy’s, there was a lump in his
hands, trembling slightly. Even though it was all over now, he couldn’t let go of it, he was still in combat mode. Or at least in a very wrecked and tired
clothes. They leave a trail of socks and trousers from the kitchen to the end of the hallway. Sherlock is stepping out of his trousers as they arrive at
illuminated by a number of candles on the table. Actually and a bit surprisingly after the situation in the afternoon, it is a very nice evening. John has
This chapter was intended to nicely and neatly span the whole 'first' day of Sherlock and John together. They ended up having post-shower sex instead. So, one more chapter. ;)
while, until Sherlock relaxes visibly. John tries to steady himself, keeping himself from pushing.
That night, Sherlock sleeps in John’s bed again. There are kisses, silent ones, and hands and touches and at some point, shirts are being taken off in the
Sherlock inhales sharply. The fingers of his hand lingering between them start drumming on the seat. John feels himself flushing.
One night, when they lie on the sofa entangled in each other, reading, it hits John quite out of nowhere. And it is so fucking simple and so
John thinks as he pays for the groceries. John has never had much money. In fact, there have been a lot of times when he was rather short of it. His
He does his best to open his eyes despite the pain. It’s so bad that he almost throws up. It gets worse when he tries to get back on his feet, grabbing the
up, he could hear his blood rush in his ears. He thought he might have to throw up. He pushed his fist into the mattress.
“This has got to stop. I’ll get the groceries again. And if I ever see her coming here with as much as a bottle of milk again…”
difficult. His parents weren’t the only people unable to deal with it. He noticed the hints of homophobia everywhere, at school, later among his friends at
slowly, passionately, deeply. Until Sherlock hesitantly breaks the kiss, letting it fade out with a few nibbles of teeth against John’s lower lip.
Sherlock’s bed was still warm. John lay down. He was calming down, but he couldn’t fall asleep for a long time. He could hear from Sherlock’s breathing
And he didn’t have the strength to care about what problems her past caused her. He was too deeply disappointed. There were so many things she had done
in a row. Greg said, „You’d better find another way to handle your aggression. I don’t want to have to arrest you one day.”
And John even muttered under his breath that it was easier for Matilda to say than ‘Sherlock’. So. Pa it has been ever since. Sherlock quite
Things weren’t good between Mary and John. Neither of them slept well or even enough. Even before the birth, things had been more than tense. The Magnussen
It is Thursday night or, more probably, the very early hours of Friday morning. John has lost track of time. Still dark outside and freezing cold, too cold for London in late march. Sherlock has solved several annoyingly dull small cases he merely accepted to have something to do, and now they are examining an exhausting murder whose solution seemed to stretch endlessly. Ever since John has moved back to Baker Street a few weeks ago, he has taken a lot of extra shifts at the clinic, so he is over-worked and even more tired than he would usually be at this hour of the night. While Sherlock explains to Lestrade how the victim has been slowly poisoned with his own toothpaste and ended up in this abandoned ship yard, John actually tries to figure out what was the last proper thing he had eaten and when.
“Er, sorry about earlier. We’ve had a bit of an emergency, Matilda threw up almost all of her bottle and we were both quite a mess.“
back, his hands not gliding lightly over his skin anymore, but touching him, fierce with need. He moves one hand down Sherlock’s slim waist and onto his
. John. That happens very rarely and indicates a good mood. Sherlock remembers the odd situation the night before. And John is still in a good mood? John leaves the bathroom. After a few minutes Sherlock’s curiosity becomes stronger than his misery and he gets up. He grabs a dressing gown (blanket only might not be appropriate) and walks towards the kitchen. John isn’t here. Right, no humming, either. A moment later, the door opens and John comes in.
opening his buckle and pushing down his trousers. Within a minute, they are naked, panting and touching each other desperately.
It is the beginning of May, when John and Matilda have lived at Baker Street for one and a half months. And John finally forces himself to write a short
shattered network and the group that intended to bring him back again, he and Sherlock had come up with a plan: Mary would give birth to her child and then
Sherlock lifts his head from the microscope and looks towards the living room, listening. Something has changed. It’s John’s breathing. John is lying on the sofa, now fast asleep. That has changed. He has come home from the clinic just fifteen minutes earlier, after doing some extra-hours. Sherlock didn’t quite notice when he entered the flat, not even when John called him, then saw him in the kitchen, completely absorbed in his work, and so John just took off shoes and coat and shuffled to the sofa, too tired to even bother thinking about what to eat for dinner. So when Sherlock notices John’s presence and his exhaustion, he tiptoes to the sofa, puts a blanket over John’s body and stands there for a few moments. Watching John. As he is asleep, the lines around his mouth and between his eyebrows that have grown deeper and deeper over the last year look softer.
John can hear a hint of insecurity beneath that joke and briefly considers stopping all this, when Sherlock says, “Go on, John. I want it,“ and, after an
“Oh. Right.” John raises his eyebrows and decides to swallow that sentence with ‘happy announcement’ and ‘end of the week’. He just squeezes Mycroft’s lower arm and smiles. He leaves Mycroft to his dessert and tries to find Sherlock.
“You decided that being gay – or openly bisexual, that is – was not an option for you. And, after all, you
But John does know better and he can tell Sherlock does as well. They aren’t talking very much, since everything has been said and planned and mapped out yesterday. They are simply waiting for the big plan put into practice.
really wasn’t the kind of friend parents would have wanted for their child, gay relationship or not. Their parents took it badly, and it was easy to blame
(and also... since they'll be in Paris for a short while during this chapter: I was in Paris in 1992, not 1994, and I was lucky enough to visit Notre Dame. My heart is breaking, and my hope and support goes out to all Parisians and to everybody to whom the cathedral means something. <3)
John wants to contradict, but somehow he doesn’t know what to say and before he can figure out a good reply, Greg interrupts his thoughts.
Sherlock returns, points to the narrow hallway and says, “Second door to the left. If you take the first door, you’ll be in Mycroft’s room. Better watch out.”
Sherlock takes a deep breath. He looks at John’s hand and starts drawing circles on its palms with his fingertips.
Mrs Hudson is never really told. She also never really finds out, because she has had her own ideas about the two of them all along. There is just this one
Sherlock let his head sink back against the bench. Slowly, because it was thudding with a headache. He was grateful that the imbeciles from the Yard hadn’t had time to talk to him yet.
“Yes. I like being touched like this by you... It never felt quite this amazing in my fantasies either.“
Ten minutes later, both Matilda and Sherlock are wearing clean clothes, their bags are stored in Sherlock’s old bedroom and Marcus Holmes is preparing some
apparently, just like the cats). Meanwhile, Anderson and the rest of Lestrade’s team arrive, but John and Sherlock are almost done at the crime scenes.
“Don’t stop that, oh God, don’t stop...“, he whispers. Sherlock is intoxicating. He surrenders to the sensations, melts down into them, savours them with every cell of his body.
delight at understanding something new as well as her frustration when things don’t work out. Like a particularly stubborn ball that doesn’t allow itself
anonymity of the metropolis. Things between him and Sherlock still are too fresh to reveal them to their friends. But testing what it feels like to be a
glistening and he is panting heavily. He moves his body beautifully, even when he is about to come, his movements are elegant and somewhat cat-like. John
normal. A bit of bickering, a bit of talking, well-known jokes that are told over and over again. Equally well-known teases and quarrels, probably uttered just as often. The secret head of the British Government, the World’s Only Consulting Detective and their parents, gathered around a dinner table. And behaving quite a lot like the standard, not overly dysfunctional British family. Which his family wasn’t. John finds himself a bit… envious.
Sherlock sinks into the warm water. His head is resting against the rim of the tub, he is closing his eyes and relaxing visibly. The room is silent except for their breathing. A soft, soothing sound.
And for the first time he feels like he is being treated very much like a... son-in-law, like a new family member. Margaret and Marcus radiate pride and
a nice thing to play with. An hour later John decides to give sleeping another try. Sherlock finds him draped across his chest, his hand under Sherlock’s
of him, but places a kiss on his cheek as they talk. In that moment, Mrs Hudson comes out of her door, the rubbish bags in her hand. She smiles proudly.
for Lestrade and one for you. If I didn’t kill myself, three people that I held dear would have died. I had to kill myself and you had to believe it.”
So... I couldn’t just mess around with you. Have a bit of meaningless sex. Can’t do that when you’re... in love. Right. So. ‘I’m not gay’ protected me. From myself. From wanting too much. From getting hurt. Didn’t have a clue how you felt. If you felt things like that at all. Too scared to find out. With you, bloody obviously married to your work.“
Sherlock stops at the top stair to their flat and listens. Everything is silent. He lets the Belstaff glide from his shoulders and toes off his shoes. He
Victor himself despised drugs and this probably would keep Sherlock from trying it. But what if their friendship ended?
“Call me Marcus. Ah, you know, age. Gives you some pain every now and then. But I’m fine. Where’s Sherlock then? I’ve seen him stomping through the living room. He was saying something about Mycroft… ah, there is my boy.” He smiles at Sherlock, who is just coming back to the hallway and pats him on his shoulder.
kind of comfort in the thought that her short life mattered so much that she is being missed. And that during this short life, she was loved.
He shifts his head. Sherlock is asleep, lying next to him on his side, facing John. His curls are wilder than ever. His face is soft and relaxed and he looks a lot younger. His legs are entangled in the duvet. His old t-shirt is crumpled and shifted upwards, John can see his belly and his navel and soft ginger hair. John can’t help but notice a semi-hard bulge in Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms.
Earlier that day, in the morning, John got up from Sherlock’s bed, which was a mess of sheets and limbs. Sherlock was still fast asleep, naked, and looking utterly young. John kissed his forehead, and then his mouth. He sneaked into the bathroom, went to the loo, then took a shower and shaved. Before going upstairs to get some fresh clothes from his wardrobe, he peaked into Sherlock’s bedroom again. He was still sleeping, lying in bed exactly as he left him there. When John was dressed, he scribbled a note on a piece of paper.
And so they walk. John asks Sherlock to explain his deductions from the last case as he hasn’t put it on his blog yet and needs some more information. They walk and walk along the alleys, talking and not really minding the brave little daisies and primroses that are trying to defeat the last grip of winter. The walking feels good, Sherlock thinks, we should do this more often. This feels good. He casts a look at John, walking right beside him. His nose is a little red from the cool air, he is smiling about something Sherlock has just said. There are lines around his eyes from laughing. His arm brushes against Sherlock’s and he dips his head and laughs some more.
John stayed eleven days. He found himself a new place soon, just an apartment for the beginning. Grey, small and impersonal. More like a cheap hotel room.
Then he was choking, with a muffled cry as if he had been in pain or with his hands in front of his face, like holding someone off. It was a secret
got hurt along the way and how this ached far more than the physical pain imposed on him when he was away. How he failed to protect John
Sherlock hears John’s voice through a white noise, feels his heart beating as if it was to explode. His throat is dry, he is panting heavily. John is above him, eyes fixed on him, sweat glitters on his chest, he is
to protect him from the sniper on the rooftop, how he never thought he could hurt John so badly and how he did. Hurting him in the worst way possible. And
John’s heart skipped a beat. Without thinking about it, he kissed back. He had kissed before – he had kissed girls. Rob went on kissing him, tongue and
just manages to avoid being fully attacked by the guy with the knife. He still catches a punch on his lips, but then John knocks him down as well, now
“But. Sex. I wanted sex. I was so curious. I wanted to know what it was like. Explore it. I never would have dared to do that – but with cocaine... It was
glide up his tongue. He can feel John is fighting the urge to thrust into his mouth. He tastes his precome, salty, with a hint of bitterness. It mixes with
Matilda. They debate if they should buy a washing machine of their own (maybe Mrs Hudson would like to use it, too?), because the question of who goes to
from marrying an assassin and starting a life that was going to hurt him even more. How he accepted a mission he wasn’t supposed to survive. How it hurt to
leaving him restless and yearning and desperate. And even when he was back at 221b, after Sherlock had collapsed, he couldn’t help but surrender to it. But
John rubs a hand over his face, looks at the ceiling, and sighs. He hates himself for being so tipsy right now, he would rather have a clear mind for a
pavement, but… it felt good. He went on for twenty minutes, taking in the view as he marched around the tip of the small peninsula. The tension in his body
Behind him, the door of Mary’s room opens. One of the soldiers comes out and then Mary’s bed is being pushed out by a nurse. Mary has her eyes closed,
being a little closer to him than he usually was. In the dawning morning light, Sherlock’s face became more and more visible. It was so familiar to John.
In the kitchen, Sherlock handed him a cup of tea. John drank. The first sip was painful, but with the second and third the heat soothed his throat.
At night, when Sherlock has taken her to bed (not without trying to make her crawl again a few times, but without success), John sits on the sofa reading,
“You are right. So. What will you call this one then? The Barbican cats mystery? The venomous lodger?“
