Crowley shrugged, giving a heavy sigh as he looked up at the night sky. The dramatic pause made the group lean forward, eager for more. “A year passed and those thirteen women remained exactly the same; standoffish and only socializing with one another. They never came into town except on the off chance they needed supplies they couldn’t grow or make their own of. When the town started holding organized church services, meetings split between the homes of the town until the church was constructed, the women not only refused to attend but also refused to open their homes for worship. Their fellow town members found it peculiar, but again, they wrote it off as grief. The loss of their mates had obviously caused a crisis in their faith.
“It’s just me here,” Dean shrugged as he led Cas up to the front door. “I didn’t see any reason to decorate.”
“Sounds like
“We still have half of the spiced bourbon peach apple pie.” Castiel nipped at Dean’s bottom lip playfully. “How about I warm you up a slice of that instead?”
As Castiel and Sam were saying their goodbyes, Ketch sauntered up to Dean.
Benny and Andrea were huddled together on one blanket, both dressed up as zombies. Bess and Garth were to their left and they were either furries or werewolves, Castiel would guess it was the latter. Meg and Lisa, sporting slutty pumpkin costumes, took up the blanket beside the couples with Charlie and Dorothy beside them. Dorothy played off her name, wearing a blue and white checkered dress and ruby red slippers, while Charlie matched her by dressing as the Wicked Witch. Well, at least he and Dean weren’t the only ones wearing couple’s costumes.
“I,” Castiel side eyed his brother who was staring at Ellen thoughtfully, “
Dean shrugged, fingernail scratching across the engravement on the flask. “Mostly because I don’t want to listen to people,” he shrugged again and glanced over at Benny, “give me shit about where I’ve been, asking me what I’m up to now, along with a million other questions.”
“Has the town owned this house and property since 1910? Did it revert back to the city when the other owners moved out after that week?” Sam asked as he leaned back against Cas’ car. “If so, why wait til now to do something with it?”
meal was in order, and he’d picked up a healthy pound of steak tips from the deli in their house marinade. His mouth had been watering since he’d gone through the checkout. He had a few potatoes wrapped in foil on the back of the grill ready to go as soon as the meat was, and he’d even picked up a fresh pre-made salad (so suck on that, Sammy!).
“Dean,” Castiel keened as he looked down at his Alpha. “You feel so good. You make me feel so good, so full.”
Dean glanced over at Castiel whose eyes were trained on the ground.
Castiel diverted his eyes from his brother, guilt twisting in his gut because he hadn't been completely honest. Throughout his entire life he had
“Hello, Dean,” Andrea greeted, smiling brightly.
love me,” he mumbled around a mouthful.
Dean pointed to a large bush of wild lilac trees, their flowers long gone now that it was June, but wildflowers spread along the bottom, scattering out into the field. “I don’t know what half of these are, but-”
“Oh yeah, that can most certainly be arranged.” Dean laughed and relaxed into the warmth of Castiel’s body. He drew Castiel’s arm over his chest and was fast asleep in minutes.
“Yeah,” Dean scoffed, “and Virginia, there is no Santa Clause, huh? Presents under the tree to the contrary.”
“Oh, no doubt!” Dean snorted. “That’s cause little siblings love to get the older ones in trouble.”
“Dean,” Cas called after him confused and wondering what the hell just happened. He sighed and pushed his plate away no longer hungry. The Omega sat there and stared at his joined hands on the table trying to figure out what his Alpha’s problem was. The longer he sat there the more angry he got. This was supposed to be a memorable night, and well, he supposed it was, just not in the way he had planned.
Dean swore he fell in love a little bit. “Tiramisu is
“Thank you, Dean.” Castiel smiled as he took a long pull from his bottle, the scent of happy omega radiating from him.
“Dean,” Castiel began not looking up from the picture, “did you know the writing on the ring is in Enochian?”
A radiant grin spread across Cas’ lips. “I’d love that.”
“Keep going, babe.” Dean’s voice was breathless. Castiel concentrated on Dean's hand in his. And that’s when he saw it...
“No, Cas,” Dean shook his head, “You didn’t say anything wrong.”
A chill seeped up Castiel’s spine as he thought about the countless number of children that played on this very rooftop. That stood where he was now. That came to Waverly with or without their family in hopes of getting better, only to perish within its walls.
“Three nights in a row? You're spoiling me Dean,” Cas teased.
“Well, perhaps Sam should mind his own goddamn business,” Dean quipped back, dropping the glass into the sink with a loud bang. “I answered Castiel’s questions just fine for the situation, actually.”
“Don’t worry about it,” the Omega impishly grinned up at his mate. “We can always reheat it after...” Cas trailed off and spread his legs, letting his Alpha settle between them as he bared his throat again for Dean’s lips attention.
* Tied to a post stands Roger Jones.
“Puh-lease,” Gabe snorted as he rolled his eyes. “Like you guys could
“The view does seem nice from here.” Castiel let out a sigh and looked up at the sky, the stars beginning to come out now that the sun had fully set. “I’m really sorry your dad couldn’t be here,” he whispered.
“You behave tonight,” Castiel asserted as he cuffed his brother upside the back of his head. “No pranking Sam.”
He’d just got into the swing of things again and had started singing Aerosmith to himself when he heard his name being yelled across the yard. He stopped and looked up, seeing Cas standing on his deck in a white undershirt, sweatpants that slung low on his hips, and feet bare.
Dean coughed and choked, his eyes widening as he stared at Castiel. “I… I… what?” he squeaked, coughing again. “I mean, I… what?”
“I like the way you think,” Dean growled as he wrapped his arms around Cas and lunged forward, nipping at his mate’s bottom lip. “Tell me what you need me to do.”
Really, Cas would probably laugh at him and tell him it was okay, shit happens. And it was almost 8pm, so it wasn’t likely there would be any other Alphas comin’ around this evening, so Dean doubted he’d ruined Cas’ chance at getting his perfect mate tonight. And if Cas was mad, well… Dean would just have to promise to be more careful when he was petting the cat.
“Me too, Dean.” Cas gasped as his mate’s cock continted to strike his prostate with every languid thrust. “You’re all I have ever wanted since the moment I met you. I’m so proud to be giving you the family we have dreamed of.” The Omega wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him down to where their foreheads pressed together and they shared breath. “You and this pup growing in my belly are my life, my
“Are you ready?”
“Cute.” Grayson laughed as he turned to make Castiel’s drink.
Castiel let out a loud bark of laughter, breaking the silence. “You are one kinky fucker.” He wiggled free from his mate’s hold, grimacing when slick and come flowed from him, trickling down his legs.
“Forever Yours,” Castiel smiled as he touched the screen of Dean’s phone, tracing the Enochian text. “It’s a beautiful ring, with such sentiment behind it.”
“What?” Castiel scrunched up his nose as he stared up at the Alpha.
“Ohhhh, younglings!” Rowena cooed at the prospect of grand nieces and nephews to spoil. “Twins run in our family you know. Cordelia and I were fraternal twins.” She grinned at the finished necklace and rooted around her purse pulling out a set of necklace clasps. She scooped up the drill and snapped her purse closed.
“Well then,” Dean tugged Cas’ hand, pulling him from the room, “let’s get you fed.”
“I-I do,” the Omega nodded as he licked his lips and glanced out over the crowd that was watching with curiosity. He looked back to his father's eyes, pleading, “Can we talk about it later?”
loved him with every fiber of his being long before he fell. He would etch every bit of his love into Dean’s skin, a loving reminder of the first time they came together.
“When they made it to the tallest hill, the ritual was over. But unfortunately for The Thirteen, they were still in their cloaks and the blood stained altar was out in the open for all to see…” Crowley fell silent, the air around them still. Then, he yelled, “Witches!” causing everyone to jump.
“About what?” Lucifer mumbled as he continued to write.
Dean swayed slightly before spinning back around and scanning the waters for the owner of that sultry tone. He didn’t have to look long, about a football field from the bank a man was perched on the rocks looking directly at him. Illuminated by the light of the moon he could see the dark hair. He could only hope that the man’s eyes were the blue of his dreams.
Ellen and Jody both let out a loud bark of laughter.
Should he have taken him to Aunt Rowena instead?
“Sure have,” Dean nodded to their coffee mugs as he plated a variety of apple and pumpkin turnovers. “You get us a refill, join me at the table, and I will tell you all about it as we eat.”
“You owe me twenty bucks, pay up,” Sam crowed as he stuck his hand out in front of Gabriel. “Told you there was no way Dean was gonna catch him in less than thirty minutes.”
“Mmm,” Cas purred as he leaned back into the touch and bared his throat for his Alpha, like a good Omega should. “As soon as we win, that can be arranged.”
he thought to himself before asking, “So Sheriff, how far we hikin’?”
“I know what you’re already thinking, El…”
“Castiel is my true mate, Ellen. And I’m sorry we broke your rules, it wasn’t on purpose. And if you want to ground us or whatever, then I’ll take whatever punishment you want to give out. But, I’m not sorry either. Cas needed me last night, and I did what I could to make him feel better.”
“What did you do?” Castiel inquired as he cleaned the mud from a Calico Scallop shell.
“Nah, definitely not a cult,” Dorothy added as she placed a kiss on her mate’s cheek. “Just a group of misfits.”
Dean scratched the back of his neck, then laid the last book between them, glancing up at his brother. “Promise you won’t laugh?”
“No, we shall talk about it
The bitchface Sam gave him only had him smirking wider.
“That’s exactly what a sex dungeon, murder room owning Alpha would say,” Castiel mumbled under his breath.
Dean snorted and Castiel shot him a glare before looking back to Rowena and continuing. “Well, yes, but I didn’t.”
“Here we go, next clue.” Sam unfolded the note attached to the knife.
“Yeah,” Castiel replied with a playful roll of his eyes and a huff as he took the back pack. “If I must.”
“Yup,” Dean motioned beside Cas, “top drawer to your right. Want me to grab us some plates and forks?”
“What spell?” Castiel whispered as he reached up and gripped one of the Angel Wing Shells on his necklace.
“Thanks,” the Omega sighed as he stepped inside and shut the door behind him.
Ellen turned to Bobby, her expression making even the adult Alpha shrink back. “Do you want to take Lucifer and fix him up and have him explain why he thinks bad mouthing and insulting his brother is acceptable? Or would you like to deal with these two and find out why Cas was in Dean’s room in the middle of the night and why Dean thinks it's appropriate to hit others?”
, after a proper interview from all the Winchester’s, of course and he never bothered looking for anything else.  Instead he chose to show the Winchester's how they could expand their practice.
“No problemo, Dean-o.” Gabe snapped his fingers and his jeans and tee were instantly replaced with a Loki costume complete with the horned helmet crown and scepter. “Done. How’s this?” The Archangel smiled brightly as he crowed, “Avengers assemble!”
After he’d looked over the scavengee’s waiting with them, he turned his attention to a moderate sized stage set up in the grass to the side of the building. People in various costume were milling about it listening to a four-piece band playing Halloween-esque music. The lead singer was dressed as a mad scientist, hands flying wildly over his guitar, the bassist was dressed as Dracula, the main guitarist was a Wolfman, and lastly a Mummy was rocking on the drums. Dean’s lips quirked up as he watched his mate’s head bop along as the band sang
Before the omega could answer, a tall lanky blonde-haired beta was standing by their table. “My name’s Bradley and I’ll be your waiter tonight. What can I get you, fellas?”
that.”
“Mmm,” Cas hummed enthusiastically, “I love them.”
Dean had very little faith that they’d actually find him. And from the anxious looks on Gabriel’s and Triton’s faces as they swam to the throne room, he was sure they were thinking the same thing.
Dean groaned at the picture painted and
“To me? I don’t see your secondary gender. It’s not something that’s important to me. It’s not something that’s important to most people. Cas… well, I don’t know how he feels about being an Omega, you would probably know more than me, but I do know he’s accepted who he is and he’s finding people in his life that makes him happy. One of those people is Dean. And honestly, you know Dean! You know he’s not going to hurt Cas.”
“Yes, please,” Castiel’s voice cracked as he reached out and took the bottle of Fiji water Doctor Shurley handed him. He nervously fiddled with the cap as he waited for their session to officially begin.
The Alpha gaped at him as Castiel reached for the cowboy hat on the coffee table, where Dean had tossed it when they’d come in from their escapade in the snow. With an impish smirk and mirth glimmering in those ethereal cerulean eyes, he placed it atop his head, “I’m ready for that ride now,
Jo shrugged, flipping her hand open and waiting for Ellen to hand her a potato. Her mother smiled, happy she was helping, and Jo bit back the returning smile and rolled her eyes instead. “I don’t know… I mean, the house smells more.” She met her mother’s eyes and smirked. “Boys reek, you know. Like, don’t they know what a shower is?”
As Dean finished putting in the last screw, he pushed up onto his knees and tested his weight on the stool, satisfied it was safer and more secure than it had been. Castiel was humming softly to himself again, bent over and ripping the weeds out from the back of the bush. Dean allowed himself only a moment to survey his ass sticking up in the air, before he forced himself to speak.
Dean smirked. “I may have hung it up this morning.”
“Yes, she did,” Triton nodded, a faraway look on his face as he thought about his beloved wife. “My dear Cordelia rarely sang her death song, and when she did it was only to those who she knew for sure were deserving. But you were so young when she passed...” Triton sighed as he shifted on his throne, “I can imagine you don’t remember, do you?”
“What uh...” a tiny blonde haired female Beta stepped forward as she spoke. “What exactly is a body chute?”
“I hate it too.” Castiel smiled at his mate over his shoulder again. “I miss you so damn much when you're gone.”
“Open it, Dean.” He nodded to the box.
“You fellas need anything else?” Dr. Hudson asked as he began to cover the bodies back up.
“I’m going to shower.”
have being here at all?”
This world will never be what I expected
After what seemed like an eternity and many,
The entire group burst out laughing as Benny blew Castiel a kiss, the latter pretending to put it in his pocket. After the raucous laughter and teasing about how Dean was too jealous to let anyone lay a finger on Castiel died down, Sam cleared his throat.
He wouldn’t give in to sin. He was stronger than that.
Dean smirked at the spot of white still covering Cas’ nose as he walked over to the crockpot and picked up the ladle, filling each of the wine glasses before joining his mate. The Omega grinned at him as Dean pressed one of the glasses into his hands. The Alpha’s smile grew as he used his free hand to reach up and wipe the smudge free from his mate’s nose.
Dean clicked his tongue as he gave the desk a good once over. “You’re right,” he relented with a sigh. “But, that wall seems sturdy enough.” Dean nodded to the wall behind Castiel. A smirk spread across his lips as he continued, “I doubt I could fuck you through it.” The Alpha drew his bottom lip into his mouth as he leaned towards his mate. “But, I’d sure as hell like to try.”
“There’s my wayward mate,” Dean drawled as he tipped his police hat. He lifted his hips and pulled a pair of handcuffs free from his belt, twirling them around his fingers with an exaggerated wink. “I may have to arrest you for being late.”
“Dean Winchester.”
“Seriously?” Gabriel’s jaw dropped as he stared at the couple. A huge smile spread across his face as he whooped. “Congratulations!” He leaned across the table and slapped the other Alpha on the shoulder. “Welcome to the family, Dean-o.”
“Well, I look forward to making them for you.” Dean breathed in deep, the scent of apples and spices surrounding him, of mate and home. His inner Alpha growled at him for not making a move, but now was not the time.
They laid cuddled together in content silence as they stared up at the bright full blue moon. Castiel idly traced patterns along Dean’s chest and arms as he placed kisses along his mate’s neck and shoulders until his knot slipped free from Dean’s body. Dean rumbled happily at the gush of slick and cum that followed, causing Castiel to fondly roll his eyes.
There had to be something he could do to save his Alpha. Anything, he would do
“Dean-oo.” Gabriel sighed. “Come on man. When you and Cassie were freshmen, at the tender age of eighteen, and I brought you guys here for the first time, I let you each have a beer. Surely you can do the same for Jolly Green, here.” He nodded towards Sam with a wink.
“Me either!” Cas called back as he watched his mate disappear down the path between the trees. The Omega smiled to himself as he went inside and locked the door behind him. The smile never left his face as he made a mug of hot chocolate and snuggled into his couch, the whole time his thoughts revolving around tomorrow, how he could not wait to be back in his mate’s arms and showered with kisses. He definitely wanted more
“Yes,” Castiel murmured in a low somber tone, giving Dean a small smile.
“No,” Dean growled at the same time Ketch chimed in with, “Excellent idea!”
“Then what happened?” Sam asked as he pulled an Almond Joy out of the candy pail.
Before Castiel even knew what he was doing he was crossing the living room to stand in front of his mate. He looked down at his alpha, at the box that he held firmly in his hand. Castiel glanced back at his family who were all smiling at the scene unfolding in front of them, before giving his full attention to his mate.
“Dean,” Cas sighed as he let go of his friend’s hands and reached up to cup his face, making Dean meet his eyes. “What’s wrong? We’re best friends, we tell each other everything, so please, tell me what’s wrong,” he whispered as his thumbs softly caressed Dean’s cheekbones.
Sam glared, shaking his head, but shoved out of the chair. He ripped Dean’s door open and stomped into the hallway, the open door letting Dean and Castiel hear him head towards the stairs and then down them.
“Thanks Gabe.” Dean grinned up at him. “You’ll have to come over to our house for dinner and a game night soon.”
“No offense, Mom,” Dean stopped chopping the celery for his stuffing to meet her eyes and smirked, “but you could burn water.”
“I...” Castiel furrowed his brows, trailing off as he took in the information and mulled it over. Sam seemed to be a very kind soul; he couldn’t see the boy being anything but a beacon of bright light shining on this world. But, then again, he’d always thought of himself as virtuous... “I honestly don’t know. All I
“Whatever, she plays with some yarn.” Bobby snorted. “The boys and Jo usually head to their rooms, or hang out on the porch now that it’s nice out, so you boys are more than welcome to join any of us.”
Shrugging, he moved to the toilet, thinking about what he was going to do in the nursery tomorrow since the shop was closed. A weird sound made him look down in alarm, stopping mid-stream as a loud burst of cackling came from the bedroom.
With plates piled high they took their seats at the table and dug in. Everything was as delicious as it had smelled. The ham was both sweet and savory, the vegetables were flawlessly seasoned, and the mash potatoes were lump free. Surrounded by family and excellent food, this day was the epitome of perfection.
“Not for much longer,” Gabe declared. “I know what she looks like and I can summon and hold her here. Just tell me when you guys are ready.”
Dean chuckled as he backed Castiel up against the door and wrapped his arms around his Omega’s waist. Dean leaned in and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s lips before resting his forehead against his mate’s and whispering, “Will you sing for me tonight, Cas?”
welcoming sign in a bright, neon 80’s theme. Which… made no sense. They were 90’s kids, after all.
“Put it down and hug me right,” Jo demanded into his neck, smiling as he chuckled and leaned over to place it on the ground. “Thank you, Luc… for being you. I’m so glad you came into our lives.”
It was now Dean’s turns to ask, “What?”
“Sounds like.” Dean crossed his arms over his chest and hummed in thought.
“Say what now?” Dean shook his head. “H-how do you know that for sure?”
“You love it,” Castiel smirked as he rolled his hips, trying to take Dean’s finger inside his wanting body.
“Me too, Dean.” Cas smiled as they walked to the door. “Me too.”
“So, Cas,” Dean whispered as he rested his forehead against the Omega’s, “what are my chances for a second date?”
“What?” Gabriel furrowed his brows confusion before the meaning hit him like a ton of bricks. “Ewwww!” His facial expression turned to disgust. “That's my baby bro you're talking about.”
“Hey,” Cas rolled his eyes as he smiled and scooped up one of the sandwiches, “don’t knock it until you try it.” He tore off a chunk of the sandwich and dipped it in the chili before holding it out for Dean. The Alpha stared at him incredulously and Cas quirked a brow. “Well, come on! Try it.”
“I agree,” Castiel purred as he snuggled back into his mate.
“Savage,” Cas teased as he pulled the ice cream scoop from his mate’s hand, grinning impishly as he took an oversized bite before placing a huge dollop on each slice. “Can you hand me the caramel, please?”
likes that band or he has a twisted sense of humor.”
Dean opened his mouth to answer just as the oven timer dinged. Castiel yelped and spilt his coffee on the countertop. The Alpha let out a loud bark of laughter as he tossed his mate a roll of paper towels. Dean heard his Omega mumble ‘ass’ as he watched as Castiel begin to sop up the mess. Dean smirked at the disgruntled look on his Omega’s face as he slipped on an oven mitt before opening the stove and pulling out a tray of gooey pumpkin and apple turnovers.
Dean opened his mouth to speak but snapped it shut when he heard a loud
“What's going on in Cottonwood today…” he mumbled to himself as he opened the paper and shook it out, scanning the first page for something to catch his eye.
Dean gave a watery laugh, leaning forward and pressing his forehead against Castiel’s knees. He felt the Omega stiffen for a moment, then was pleasantly surprised when Cas’ hand brushed, just once, through his hair.
“Yes!” Castiel cried out as he started to bounce in wild abandon on the Alpha’s cock, keening as Dean's knot swelled slightly.
Dean gave the reins to his wolf, allowing that part of him to come out. He let out a sigh, his bones and skin melting away to bring forth his beast. It felt like coming home.
He’d felt the same with John Winchester, a man who he’d started out being so damn nervous around. Now, he spent every weekend accompanying the older man to the hardware store for that weekend’s project, whatever it may be.
“Soooo,” Gabriel sighed as he looked at the mated pair. “I suck at goodbyes, so I’m not going to say goodbye. Instead—I’ll see you two soon.”
kind of doctor. He’s paid attention in health class and he knew the exams that would be done. But to be rid of his heats, to only have one a year... it would be well worth it. Even though a small part of him already missed that closeness he got with Dean during that time, they could still be close like that without the pain of his heat, right? It might even be more enjoyable without him writhing in pain. “I think I would like for you to make the appointment, please.”
Ellen gave each of them a squeeze and then sat back. “Bobby will be down in a few minutes, so I’m going to get started on breakfast. It looks like it’s a nice morning… why don’t you boys check out the backyard and I’ll call you when it's ready?”
“I understand,” the Omega nodded. “I still miss my mother every day, too.”
“Because,” Castiel shifted in his seat nervously as all eyes were turned on him, “it’s not our turn to eat. We are waiting for you, Bobby, and Dean to eat first. Alphas and Elders eat first, children and O-omegas,” he stuttered on that foul word, “eat last.”
look in the ash for a coined souvenir.
Tonight wasn't just any full moon either, it was the
Dean snorted and shook his head. “No, I keep meaning to ask Cas what his name is, but I -”
Gabriel looked up to the horror on Sam’s face and said, “Sammoose, you should’ve been there. I think you would appreciate the complete atrocity that was our brother’s coupling. I still have nightmares about my baby bro and Dean-O’s sex noises to this day, and if I close my eyes,” Gabriel shivered again as he whispered, “I see it.”
“So we’re at the stage in our relationship, our, ah, friendship, where we’re sharing tupperware now?” Dean joked, his cheeks blushing a bit at his slip up, but it made him feel happy inside that Castiel had kept his tupperware instead of dropping it off the next day. Hell, it very well could be that he’d forgotten he had it, but Dean hoped Cas kept it in the hopes he’d be able to return the favor.
. He wheezed through his fit of giggles. “See Cas? I told you your car looked like a creeper-mobile!”
Here goes nothing.
“What Dean is telling you is true,” Castiel said, shocking the entire table; Dean had taken comfort in Castiel’s silent presence to calm him, Ellen and Bobby had expected Dean to speak for them both. “Dean comforted me after a really,
“Your hydrangeas are going to be blue,” he started, pointing at the bush to the left of where they were sitting, “the soil around here is acidic. It’s why your rhododendron bushes are growing so well. I saw you have an open area on the corner, camellias would grow well there. They’re a climbing plant, but they would fit in with your color scheme. If you’re interested, I could get you a good sized plant at a decent price.”
Sam blew out a soft sigh of relief and smiled. Crowley zoned in on him immediately,
touching him again, no matter how innocent the touch was. “I don’t… I don’t know what you want from me, Cas,” Dean said softly.
The inside of the lodge was decorated for a good old fashioned rustic Christmas. The colossal fireplace in the resort's sitting room was outlined in garland and stockings hung along the mantel. Off to the side of the fireplace in front of the large glass window sat the biggest tree Castiel had ever seen, lights and baubles covering every square inch of it.
Dean glanced over at Castiel before giving a short laugh. “Its… been awhile since you’ve been in high school, huh?” Dean said as he glanced between them. “Cas and I are both seventeen, we’re like… late bloomers, compared to most people in our class.”
Dean read the ad once more, then snorted, tossing the paper onto the ottoman by his feet. He waited another moment, thinking, before he turned again and his eyes found the cat. The cat had shifted slightly, its head raised, and was looking right at Dean. If the cat had been human, Dean
“I do,” Castiel replied as he wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders and began to bounce up and down on the couch cushions, mirth shining in his sparkling blue eyes.
He flipped to the personal ads, knowing he could sometimes pick up a few side jobs for his business, and stopped short. There, in the center of babysitting ads and people selling their cars, was bold lettering depicting
“Raid the fridge… you mean, the entire fridge.”
Dean nodded, his eyes moving from Castiel’s fingers working quickly to braid another flower into the others up to his face. “Yeah,” he said after a moment, “she works pretty hard out here. Most of the vegetables we eat are from her garden. There’s some apple and peach trees out back, too, if you ever want to see them.”
“It’s perfect,” Dean mumbled as he studied the intense rich green with beautiful banded masses. “But I can’t,” the Alpha held out his hand to give it back. “It’s yours.”
Dean sat back on his haunches and slid two fingers into the Omega’s soaked hole, watching as they disappeared into the wet heat of Cas’ body. “Does that feel good? Do you like that?” Cas let out a whine as Dean pressed against his prostate. “C’mon baby, tell me you like it.”
“Maybe we could call Cas in on this one. He’s— ”
“I can tell,” Rowena shifted off her seat and flitted over to the counter beside the stove. She picked up an elegant snow white china plate, decorated in sprays of dark pink roses, with a scallop-edged domed top. She swam back to the table and placed it in the center before removing the top, revealing six large scrumptious looking muffins. “Well go on, dearie, eat.” Rowena nodded to the muffins before looking at the Alpha who was eying them with caution. “I guarantee they are just as good as the ones you can get on land,” after a pause she added with a smirk, “probably better.”
The entire room went silent.
against his Omega. He couldn’t wait to see how well they framed his pert ass.
him and that you hang out with his older Alpha brother… Gabriel, right? The one that owns
They continued to chat while Dean cooked, Cas telling him about all the orders he and Jimmy fulfilled today and how Gabe was still having no luck finding a house he liked close to the shop he’d bought. Dean told him how restocking the hardware shop was coming along and about all the changes he’d made so far. The closer to dinner being finished, the more restless the Omega became about not being allowed to help.
Over a hundred jack-o-lanterns were littered around the time square, so to save time, the group split up to search for the knife and the black glittering pumpkin. After about ten minutes of searching Sam called out, “Found the knife!” and lifted a plastic prop knife from the back of a vampire-face carved pumpkin.
“Me too,” Bess, Lisa, and Meg said in unison.
“Let him go, Ketch,” Dean warned in a deep, guttural growl.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Gabriel’s eyes twinkled with mischief as he continued, “I’m rather enjoying hearing everyone’s claiming stories.” He glanced to Mary and John, smirking as he asked, “How did you two tie the knot, so to speak?”
“Mmhm,” Sam hummed and nodded in agreement, “around Christmas and Valentine’s Day there’s definitely a big rise in public claimings.” The Beta paused before adding, “I think it’s romantic.”
After Dean had deemed the Omega safe and comfortable, he went into the spare bedroom to grab himself supplies for a makeshift bed in the recliner. He would have to repeat the neuro checks every so often in the night and coming down the stairs at three in the morning was just asking for trouble. If he were being completely honest with himself, though, the thought of not being in the same room as Castiel made his inner wolf restless.
“That she is,” Dean matched the other alpha’s smirk, “and she’s a beast.”
Jo beamed at her, following after her friends and Ellen shook her head. The kids were crazy, wanting to spend the weekend in the tent in the backyard. She already had a bet going on with Bobby if they’d make it through the night before coming in to pile in the living room because it was too cold out.
“Better now,” Castiel grinned at his mate. “I was so scared Arthur would claim me.”
“Put your cock away. I was just congratulating my partner on getting the one thing he's always wanted—you.” Ketch marched over to the alpha and gripped his shirt collar, pulling it to the side to glance at his mark. “Damn, you really latched on, didn’t you, Cas?”
Any moment now.
Dean feels like he’s been scrubbed raw, covered in bruises and cuts and bloody welts, with aching knees and centuries-old dust choking him. He stares blankly at the wall in front of him, his fingers absently scratching off the label from the bottle in his hands. “And you still left anyway.”
Above all, stay cool, he thought. Dean knew his relationship with Cas wasn’t exactly normal. But he didn’t know what else it could be or how to get there if he wanted to. Dean learned long ago to accept what they had. Not to ask for more. He jammed his earbuds further in his ears and cranked the Jack White, tinny sounds emitting over the engine noise.
“Honey, I’m home!” called a cloying voice. A tall man with light brown hair entered the room, and looked entirely unfazed at the scene of Cas and Mariah in flagrante delicto. “I cannot believe you two started the Christmas party without me!” Cas’ eyes flew open and he gave the man a withering look. Mariah pulled off with a soft pop and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.
There be sex ahead, mateys.
“Salt wouldn’t do ya any good, anyway. I’m not that kind of ghost, I told you.” Bobby shrugged.
“Can I hold her?” asked Jack, barely able to contain his fascination. Cas nodded and deposited the kitten into Jack’s waiting arms. Sam stood up, rolling his eyes.
In the milling crowd disinterestedly handling his personal stuff, Dean spotted his gargantuan brother, face still as he walked through the crowd. As he moved among the other hunters, he occasionally stopped to answer a question, or accept a word of sympathy, a hand on the arm, or an exchange of cash. His eyes remained distant, never meeting anyone else’s directly. Dean could see Sam’s jaw muscle twitching intermittently from across the room.
“Don’t even start that bullshit with me, Cas.” Dean snapped, resuming his anger-packing.
With that thought, a pang of longing rose up from somewhere around Dean’s belly, and with practiced discipline, Dean shoved it back down. Brian was now working smoothly and deeply over the muscles of Dean’s chest. Dean breathed down the longing, but the release of the muscles seemed to bring it back up.
Sam ducked his head until she was close enough to call to him over the morning waves. “Do all American hunters go to the beach in jeans and boots?” Odie propped her surfboard in its spot along the cabin wall and grabbed a towel from the clothesline.
Cas checked subtly to see if their tense exchange had attracted notice from the other couples, but they all seemed blissfully locked in intimate conversation. After finishing their meal, Cas walked Dean back to their bungalow. He could feel the eyes of the other couples on them, so he made a split decision and slipped his arm around Dean. After initially tensing up, Dean actually leaned into it, giving every impression of comfortable rapport.
Dean shook his head, real anger starting to bloom. “C’mon man. You know that’s half-assed. How many times have you cut and run when I needed you most? “
Dean shrugged, flipping the burgers (but never, ever, pressing down with the spatula, because he wasn’t a monster). “Dunno,” he replied. “He says he likes the water pressure.”
Cas’ deep voice broke Dean’s reverie. “I hate seeing you like this, Dean. I lived and died for humanity, at its best and its worst. For free will. For you. Is this what you do with it? Give up?” Dean’s eyes flew open, stung. “I want you to live. I want you to be happy.” Cas’ tone brooked no argument.
Dean waited. Sam cleared his throat.
. He drew in a resigned breath. Cas continued.
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, Jo, but I’m not exactly Mr. Moneybags. What the hell does greed have to do with any of this?” Dean waved his arm at the hugging couple next to the phone booth.
Oops I kind of wrote a whole Sam chapter. Like I said, this thing is pretty much done. Like, 99%. I just need to edit a couple of things, maybe flesh out the case mystery. Okay, so more like 90%. I could really use a beta (hint) FINE yes it’s really more like 80% anyway hope you enjoy and again it’s really Destiel I just got sidetracked because Sam.
What Dean could remember was the exhilaration and apprehension he felt at the prospect of taking on this cover story. He didn’t bother trying to let his panic show, though. He had grown up a lot in the past years. He knew protesting too much was not only obvious, but sort of silly. Nothing to do but suck it up. He took it in stride, acted like it was no big deal, and packed a bag. He tried to gauge how much he ‘normally’ interacted with Cas and keep things there on the dial.
“All right, little monster,” John said, after setting young Dean down on the braided rug. “I want to show you how to use this new tool.” Dean’s mouth fell open as the man indicated the toy adult Dean had been wanting to get his hands on, an orange plastic Fisher-Price record player in its own portable case, designed for young hands.
He turned to Odie. “Do you want to drive?” he asked. “I can get her body there, if you start it up and pop the trunk for me.” Sam was worried about her but didn’t want her to think he perceived her as weak. He still remembered his first real case with a god. His first time he killed a human vessel. Odie was tough as hell, but they were a team, and he wanted to help if he could. She nodded her assent and disappeared out the door.
He wouldn’t be coaxed into flying until Cas pointed out Mr. T’s character, B.A., shared his fear of flying and often had to be drugged to fly on The A-Team. The Metatron pop culture dump had its high points, Dean had to admit. Cas argued Dean would make a more effective fighter once they arrived if he was rested, so Dean had finally consented to take the small dose of Xanax. As if he could refuse Cas, ever. He popped the small pink pill, resisting making a Matrix joke, washing it down with a beer against Sam’s objections. Dean figured his liver had handled worse.
Cas' turn to massage Dean takes an unexpected turn and Cas tries to let him down gently.
was breakup-speak for
Thus far, Cas had not figured out how to approach them. He instead swam laps and regarded them warily as they loaded up on pre-dinner complimentary cocktails. Cas wrinkled his nose, trying not to think about people drinking and peeing in the pool all afternoon.
Cas took a moment to appreciate Dean’s form. Although Dean had flatly refused to allow Cas to wear his preferred clothing to the resort, Dean himself conceded to the undercover role with a short-sleeved linen collared shirt and leather flip flops but retained his worn jeans. Cas knew this was due to Dean’s embarrassment about his legs, which frankly Cas could not understand. Body shame was simply incomprehensible to Cas. All his father’s creations were perfect in their way; Dean’s more so in its culturally pleasing aesthetic.
“The thing is,” Cas had resumed his slow circle around the kneeling hunter on the floor. “I don’t let
Dean swallows and it looks to Cas as though some sort of argument is going on inside Dean’s head. Finally he settles on asking “Are we going with anti-possession or….”
And next to him stood Cas. Rumpled trench, blue tie, messy hair, the whole nine. Standing there looking gorgeous and distant, as usual. He smelled like cold, fresh air. He had probably just arrived, Dean thought, blowing in on the December breeze. Cas raised his chin minutely. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean wanted the kitten to say it for him, that he wanted Cas to stick around and that he wasn’t afraid of whatever this thing was between them anymore. But it looked like the feline peace offering wouldn’t be enough. Dean was going to need to actually, you know, express himself. This was hard enough without an audience.
He rounded the corner to the war room and found the trio near their positions he had left them in last night. Jack was pulling an orange (Sam’s doing, no doubt) out of his stocking. Sam was sprawled in a chair in his pajamas, watching with a small smile. Cas stood to the side, silent and watchful. He was inexplicably down to just the white shirt and the blue tie was loosened around his neck. He stiffened visibly at the sight of Dean. Dean, in turn, swallowed hard. It wasn’t exactly fair of Cas to be here, practically naked with his shirt sleeves rolled up.
He hummed along to the radio, thumbs tapping the wheel of the Impala as he floored it heading East on I-70. He caught a glance of his face in the rearview and almost didn’t recognize his shining eyes, flushed cheeks, toothy grin. His heart was beating quickly with excitement, but it wasn’t anxious. Dean felt strangely at peace. He had made his decision, and one way or another, the stupid stuck-ness of his life was going to change today.
Sam waited, but nothing else came out of Dean’s mouth. Cas still held Dean by the elbow, and the angel was staring at his brother, eyes shining with pride. Sam felt his teeth rotting.
Cas looked at him balefully. “What?” said Dean, defensively. “You just couldn’t blend in?” asked Cas. “Uh, she’s talking about growing legs and I’m, what, just supposed to leave that hanging?!” Dean realized his joke after the words were out of his mouth and smirked again, but Cas just pursed his lips in annoyance and fell silent.
(See the end of the chapter for
“In our sessions this weekend, you will be participating in exercises with your partner to foster the three legs of the relationship stool.” Dean coughed, covering his mouth with his fist, to cover up the immature joke  he had been about to make. Dr. Lea continued, pretending not to notice. “Intimacy, Trust, and Commitment. A relationship needs all three to survive and thrive. Perhaps your relationship has all three, but they could be stronger. Perhaps yours is missing a leg, or even two legs are badly damaged. We will do exercises to help you assess where you are in the process and how to grow those relationship legs.”
The girl just smiled. “Don’t worry. Most of the hicks out here don’t even think twice about assuming. And we do the whole tree-and-presents thing.” She gave him an appraising glance before ducking her head back to her phone. “You, too. You know, if you celebrate.” She didn’t look back up at him, but Dean grinned broadly, pushing open the glass door, bell tinkling as he headed into the icy blast of December morning air.
Dean’s eyes widened in surprise. Cas noticed, simply as a neutral observation, nothing more, how the candlelight illuminated golden flecks in his green eyes.
Billie fixed him with another mute stare and beckoned with a perfectly manicured nail on her hand not holding the scythe. Dean shuddered under her stare, then shuffled along behind her with trepidation.She led them down a sour-smelling damp hallway to the bar’s bathrooms, which transformed around him to the tiled hallways of the bunker. All the rooms’ doors were open, and strange voices echoed throughout the hallways. Anxious, Dean quickened his pace, but ground to a sudden halt when he entered the library.
That part he left unsaid, certain Dean wouldn’t be able to hear it.
Cas finds Sam in the war room again. He looks even wearier than usual. The last lead did not pan out, after all. Cas knows Sam identifies strongly with Jack, with his struggle against the darkness within. Not being able to find and help Jack has Sam feeling responsible and guilty, in that trademarked Winchester way. Cas thinks this explains Sam’s reaction when Cas asks him about the tattoo again.
Dean chuckled. “Uh, yeah, whaddyou think we’ve been doING!” his voice cracked an octave as Cas’ talented tongue traced back under Dean’s balls to lick a stripe against his perineum.
, and
Odie sadly shook her head. “Something about the virus doesn’t mix well with the supernatural, makes it mutate. Sam’s eyes widened, thinking of the Jefferson Starships.
Sam flipped on the shower and tossed his shirt out at her, hopefully hitting her in the head with it. “Yuck it up. Real nice, Melodie.”
“Dad?” Dean breathed. His chest hitched. His Dad did not acknowledge them in any way. Jo placed a reassuring hand on Dean’s arm.
Cas was still wondering at this conundrum when Dean’s voice broke through his reverie. “Gimme a 5 barrel sour, please.”
“So, these couples all checked into the resort, and then disappeared on the last day of the couples’ retreat.” Sam summarized. Odie nodded, indicating the proto-murderboard she had rigged up, complete with photos of the couples, their names, and details of their cases underneath it.
Sam burst in the door of the bunker, stomping snow from his boots. Dean looked up from his laptop, startled, as Sam pulled the tip of a comically huge spruce tree through the metal door. A struggle between Sam, the tree, and an unseen force almost pitched Sam down the steep flight of stairs into the bunker. It was resolved successfully when Jack popped through the door like a cork holding the spruce’s trunk, wide grin plastered on his boyish face.
Three glasses clash in a toast. “To taking down the man.” cheers Gabriel.
“Uh,” Dean began.
Dean turned to the grill with a smirk, which was erased when a sharp palm smacked his butt cheek. “I said, *if* you’re good, Dean,” Cas gritted out behind him. Dean whirled around with the spatula to issue a retort, but Cas was already heading down the stairs to the outdoor shower behind the treehouse. Dean chewed his lip, getting distracted by thoughts of Cas lit by the sunlight, his eyes reflecting the sky’s pure color, water running down his back…
Dean thought at Cas. He didn’t know if it counted as prayer, per se, but it did the trick. Cas froze and immediately removed the belt restraining Dean’s hands with a burst of grace. Simultaneously, he gingerly removed his fingers from Dean’s body.
I wrote myself in a bit of a corner because I was all like, you know what would be great? A fun casefic mystery! And original characters with backstory! And another relationship with Sam! And...wait, I have to weave those all together and resolve them now? Ah, shit.
Cas, immediately defensive, leans forward, hands on knees. “It’s not a lie.” he declares.
“I’ve come to understand” begins Cas, “that when humans are particularly reticent about a topic, it can indicate their reluctance to discuss a matter. Why do you and Dean seem so reluctant to discuss his tattoo?” Cas pins Sam with a stare, one he knows the brothers to find discomfiting.
Dean narrowed his eyes. “I don’t believe it. This is some sort of trick. What are you?” He rose, striding across to his duffel for a test kit of silver, holy water.
“That sounds nice, Brian, thank you for the recommendation,” Cas managed to interject, politely, between his groans. Dean heard Kelsi tell Cas to turn over and move down on the massage table while she held the blanket to shield his privacy, so Dean knew what was coming when Brian asked him to do the same. The only problem was Little Dean. He knew if he flipped over at this time, he would be pitching a tent too obvious and embarrassing for the poor professionals just trying to do their jobs. Dean heard himself tell Brian, “You know, my back still hurts. Could you work a little longer there?”
I don’t retreat.” His objections ring hollow in his ears.
“Why?” Jack asked, seriously wanting to know the answer, obviously not trying to be a dick. Dean didn’t really have a good response. Why, indeed? “Uh, it’s fun,” said Dean, shrugging helplessly. “And kinda cool. Chicks dig ‘em.”
Dean’s breath hitched in his chest at the sight of Cas’ icy blue eyes, and refused to think about how hot it had been when Cas took charge that way.
And then, for the better.
Cas turns the handle, bravely confronting the living room. He pulls up short. “Hello Dean.” he greets the man entering the room from the opposite direction.
(See the end of the chapter for
His eyes fluttered closed in pleasure. A small whimper escaped his lips that turned into a groan as then-Dean pressed him against the door. His lids snapped open and now-Dean was treated to the dark blue of Cas’ eyes in the moonlight for just a second before Cas whirled Dean around.
“Don’t play dumb, Dean,” said Jo shoving his arm lightly. “That story was never about loving Christmas. It was about greed.”
A big white horse stood outside his window. Atop it, resplendent in velvet green Renaissance-style gowns, sat Charlie Bradbury, her auburn hair long again and styled with a circlet crown of twisted gold. She haughtily peered down at Dean. “Hop on, Handmaiden,” she ordered, tacking a crooked smile on at the end.
Dean eyed the horse warily. Again, he was more comfortable around engines than livestock. “Uh, I don’t really…” he began weakly.
The rainbow faded but was soon replaced with a pastel painting of the sunset over the waves. This picturesque view provided the backdrop for a romantic candlelit dinner.
Sam padded along the single-lane dirt road behind Odie. Her strides were significantly shorter than his, so he consciously slowed his pace. Waves of turmoil rolled off her. Her shoulders were high and squared. Sam stuffed his hands deep in his jacket pockets and gazed up at the night sky, resplendent with stars this far from concentrations of electric lights.
“Dean. You don’t want to be alone on Christmas. Don’t do this. Don’t push us away.” It was Sam, of course. He sounded so reasonable. Kind. Gentle. He deserved so much better than Dean. They all did.
Sam just raised his Beliken in salute. Odie met his bottle across the table, and over the clink of glass Sam said, “it’s perfect.”
“Fine,” she sighed, producing a straw cowgirl hat with a colored beaded band from somewhere and placing it on her head. The light dampened considerably so that Dean could look at her through narrowed eyelids. “But it’s not my fault you can’t look at it.” She pouted a bit, and looked every bit the young woman she had been all those years ago at the Roadhouse in Nebraska. Dean shook that memory away, trying to clear his head.
The cracks in the dam became a hole, and Dean’s sobs shattered the peaceful whale noises, spa-music groove in the massage room. Dean clung to Cas’ chest like a baby, but Cas just calmly held him. “It’s okay, Dean” said Cas’ voice in Dean’s hair. “I’ve got you.”
Dean sank to his knees in front of Death, still clutching her coat reflexively. “I promise. I’ll do right by him, Billie. I won’t hide anymore.” Dean realized he was shouting desperately. “I’ll try. I’ll be brave. I’m not afraid anymore.” Dimly, he realized he was sobbing rather than speaking. He leaned his head forward to rest it on Billie’s feet, but his head hit the ground, and her jacket was empty in his hands. Dean lifted it to his face, repeating “I’m not afraid anymore,” over and over again, until he realized the material wasn’t worn leather but the scratchy faded blue acrylic of the motel bed’s blanket.
————————–
Cas couldn’t help the small moan that escaped his lips upon kissing Dean. He wound one arm around Dean’s waist. Cas leaned back, taking in Dean’s anguished eyes, now hooded with lust.
Dean ran to the open window and saw Baby, tucked safely in her parking spot in front of the room. “Oh, she’s still here!” he cried. “She’s here: I’m here: that bullshit future can still be changed!”
“Dean?” came Cas’ voice from the next table, intense. “What’s wrong?” Dean peeked over long enough to see Cas’ scrutinizing, worried face. For some reason that made it worse, and Dean breathed shallowly, trying to get control over his emotions.
Dean stood and shook out his jacket, patting one hand to Sam’s shoulder as he passed.
Cas fights the silence for breath; wins enough to murmur, “Uh. So, uh, good night, I guess.”
Sam followed along as best he could, cracking up right along Odie every time he turned the wrong way or got off beat. Just as he got the hang of the pattern, which didn’t fall on the even beats of the song, it was over. Sweating and smiling, she pulled him over to where the DJ stood in the corner. It turned out to be Hank, one of her friends from childhood. Hank regarded Sam with appropriately big-brotherly threatening vibes while Odie and Hank debated the latest dancehall releases. Finally, he agreed to play Odie’s request and bid Sam farewell, pulling his headphones back over his long locs.
Dean turned away from the scene, cheeks wet. He remembered doing the same for Cas, not so long ago. Billie materialized in the kitchen doorway. She crooked a single finger and Dean followed her, feet fumbling as his vision blurred with tears.
“Not like this,” said Jo. “Not in that whole, pure, unguarded way.” The scene around them shifted. Sixteen-year-old Dean was tying his tie over that dorky short-sleeved dress shirt, and Sonny was telling him his father was here to take him away.
Cas was still for so long, Dean was sure he had passed out or nodded off, at the very least. But when a figure slunk in the back door to the kitchen, Cas’ eyes opened instantly. Now alert and gripping his knife at the ready, he looked every inch of the warrior of heaven he had once been.
“Yes, yes, for crissakes, yes!” Dean hooked an ankle behind whatever part of the angel he could snag; pulled him in. Soon Cas’ long fingers had him stretched and open. Dean panted heavily. Whether grace had been judiciously applied to prevent burning or Cas simply worked him up so much as to feel no discomfort, Dean was absolutely flying. Every thrust or twist of fingers brought a tantalizing prostate caress. Dean felt Cas’ stubble move upward from his stretched hole to the base of his dick. Cas began sucking at the root of him. Dean tossed his head side to side. No, not yet. Words wouldn’t come fast enough; his orgasm threatened to roll over him any second.
Dean didn’t even have to turn to feel Sam beaming at them. Again, Dean couldn’t really find the way to apologize to Jack. How do you say “sorry I rode your ass for having dead parents, but I’ll love you because I’m your family now.” The best he could do was “here’s a skateboard, wanna learn?”
“Ixchel wanted your mother to give her sacrifices to deliver blessings. Of course, she refused.” Jay’s ghostly jaw was firm. “Your mother did not want anyone to “be fruitful” and cause a baby to become sick before we understood what was causing the illness and how it spread.” he added, sadly. “We fought her, both your mother and I, but we were no match for a goddess,” he continued. “Elena was already very sick, and died during the battle.”
Brian, a large man with dark skin and a local Garifuna accent, asked if they had an allergies, and when they replied in the negative, he fired up some kind of scent thingy that looked like a humidifier. “Lavender oil with bergamot and peppermint” he explained. Dean nodded knowledgeably to Brian’s face but as soon as the massage therapist turned around Dean tried to privately roll his eyes at Cas, who was standing in his fluffy robe, eyes closed, breathing deeply.
But it was not your fault but mine.
Perhaps as a result of some kind of twisted Pavlovian conditioning, however, things had changed by the time Dean pulled Baby into the bunker’s garage. He hadn’t tried to text or call anyone this morning, and they were liable to still be pissed, seeing how he had acted last night. He felt shame crawling up his spine, and the accompanying defensive, fearful wave of anger. “I’m not afraid, Bobby,” he whispered in the quiet of the car. He jangled one leg for a long minute, and realized if he sat here he was going to chicken out. Storm in and bluster and pretend nothing had happened, pout and punish his loved ones. Or worse, drive right back out and find the nearest bar open early morning for those getting off 3rd shift.
Sam agreed, typing on his laptop rapidly. “And the reason we think it’s something supernatural is…” He trailed off. This had been a sensitive topic online. If he was being entirely honest, he didn’t think there was a case here. Maybe the local police were right. Just missing couples in a developing area with higher-than-usual crime.
Dr. Lea turned to Cas. “Cas, do you have any trouble trusting Dean? Or is he the only partner in your relationship struggling with trust?”
Bobby chuckled. “Well, I got a hall pass, I guess you could say.” He scratched his beard a bit, looking sheepish. “And I’m here for you, Dean.”
Dr. Lea regarded Cas. “Is that a valid fear on Dean’s part?”
Cas hears the sounds of Dean’s grunts and dull thuds before he open the door. Dean’s fists are flying against the bag, encased in boxing gloves. He skitters around the bag in sneakers and sweats. Earbuds emit a tinny overflow sound of hard rock that Cas can hear even without his angel powers. And Dean is shirtless.
With patience Dean had never seen John Winchester use anytime in his conscious memory, his father explained, step-by-step to his child self how to carefully place the vinyl on the turntable, turn it on, and place the needle. The album in use was John Denver’s
Cas clenched his jaw. Dean couldn’t possibly be trying to imply that Cas swimming for a few minutes on a case would be responsible for the death or disappearance of another couple. That logic was extremely flawed.
Brian lifted his hands placatingly. “It’s completely normal” he pleaded. “Working the muscles often releases pent-up emotions, stress, fear, pain, even trauma. It’s healthy and good to physically let go.” Cas put one hand on Dean’s shoulder. The shoulder. Cas was touching him. Another breath in, and out, and squeeze the chest down, shove the longing down, and Dean was still trying to hold it together, now more for Cas’ sake than his own. Push it away. As far away as he could get it. Time to flip that switch he so often did whenever fear or sadness threatened him. Anger was always easier than hurt, for Dean.
Cas’ shoulders slumped. He didn’t answer. Jack drew a breath to ask another question, but just then Cas slipped his trenchcoat off his shoulders. His mouth a grim line, he grasped the two tails and split it cleanly in two.
“Why don’t you take a picture? It’ll last longer,” Dean does sound irritated now.
“No? You’re relatively young,” Gabriel looks at Cas, then amends, “well, at least your vessels are,” He shrugs. “attractive. You’ve got chemistry, history, plus the real shit, shared trauma.” Dean and Cas examine the floor. Gabriel pins Dean with narrow eyes. “Trust issues, am I right? Something to do with your dad.”
Short and sweet because I've got a battle scene to write! Sorry for cockblocking.
Sam held a hand out, placating.  “Okay. I believe you.” He didn’t, but Sam was good at talking people down. With patience borne of years dealing with jittery victims and his histrionic brother, he changed tack. “Who are the usual suspects in these parts? Vampires? Werewolves? Ghosts? Shifters?”
Dean clamped his mouth shut. Well, at least that stopped the complaining. However, Dean did not seem inclined to open his mouth again to let Cas feed him, so Cas simply raised one eyebrow, attempting to infuse the expression with all the command he could muster. Dean’s eyes went soft and his lips parted, accepting the bite from Cas. His eyes fell closed as his tongue briefly made contact with Cas’ fingers.
Sam made as if he was actually willing to haul himself out of the hammock. “Wanna race? Put your money where your mouth is?”
“Yeah. I get to read and drink whiskey in my living room back at the salvage yard. Alone.” Bobby heaved a sigh. “It’s boring and lonely as hell.”
Dean looked away, searching the ceiling for words. Nothing was written there, so he tried his best. “I know you like them.” He couldn’t really verbalize the tug he had felt, the visceral belief that Cas should have this kitten the second he laid eyes on it in that pickup truck bed, climbing over its siblings and mewling helplessly. “You can take her with you, or if you want, she can live here at the bunker.” Dean plowed on, relentless in the face of what seemed now his total humiliation. “I can take care of her when you need to go do, you know, angel stuff.” Dean looked at the floor to see if any better words were there. Nope. “If you want.” Dean repeated, lamely.
“Stop it. This stuff’s smelly and I don’t want it on my sheets.” She continued applying the cream across his arms and back where the burn-like rash marred his skin. Everywhere she dabbed the medicine felt instantly calmer. It was all Sam could do not to roll up into her touch. The firm pressure of her sitting across the back of his thighs wasn’t helping, either.
Gabriel chugs more vodka. Grins. “Hmm. It is a
I'm just a showboat, pretending I can stay afloat
Dean nodded. He remembered. Happy memories, whatever those were, supposedly made up his Heaven. Setting off fireworks with Sam, breakfast with his mother, and that was all he saw before finding out his brother’s happiest memories didn’t include him, Dean. “Happy memories?” Dean inquired, raising his eyebrows at Bobby in a question.
Sam drops some #facts on Cas
. He was on his knees in a stairway, plunging a needle into his heart, looking up at Sam with a terrifyingly blank expression.
“Do you like it?” asked Cas, a little prematurely as Dean was preoccupied with chewing.
“Was that his name?” She reached a hand forward to touch Cas’ thigh again, almost tender, but he shoved her away, pretty harshly, in fact, which surprised Dean. Cas was staring at Vernon. Dean gulped. He expected Cas’ eyes to burn blue, for this Vern to get smote into the next county, but no angelic light burned bright. Instead Cas growled, “I told you I never wanted to hear that name come out of your fucking mouth ever again.”
Cas stood in the water. “I’ll have another, as well,” he informed the bartender, indicating his empty glass at the bar. Dean visibly startled. He gave Cas a slow look starting at his face raking down, and Cas suddenly felt self-conscious. He was dripping wet, droplets falling down his face from his slicked-back hair. Cas could feel the beads of water rolling down his chest between his pectoral muscles. Dean’s gaze seemed stuck on Cas’ submerged lower half. Cas didn’t know what Dean was so captivated by. He was just wearing nondescript, mid-length black swim trunks, and the view of his body would surely be wavy and distorted from the water.
Also, 100% done and Over It Sam is my favorite. That is all.
Holy typos, batman! Re-reading my last 2 chapters it's been messy. I apologize. I'm so excited at getting back to this story and past the block that I've been rushing so hopefully the errors aren't too distracting. I do plan to go back and edit the last couple of entries this week.
Dean huffed a wet chuckle. “C’mon, I know you’re not really him.”
This is the part of the case where Sam and Dean would theorize on possible monsters and/or their motives, given the facts at hand. Cas can feel a potential hypothesis formulating in his head. It makes his heart pound and his brain race. He needs to be sure, needs to gather more data. Because when he thinks about this hypothesis, all he can see is the cosmic entity’s bullying face:
“No fucking way,” Dean ground out, turning his back on his past self kneeling over Cas’ dead body. He shouldered Jo roughly out of the way. “Peace out, Jo. We’re done here.” Dean walked away from the lake house quickly.
Cas looked surprised at the mention of Dean’s hunting schedule. Dean ignored that and zeroed in on Sam with cold eyes. “Love, huh? ‘Love will save the day. Love will find a way. Love heals all wounds.’ Yay, love!” snarked Dean, dripping sarcasm.
Sam sighed; he passed a hand over his face. “Honestly? We’ve never talked about it. I always kind of suspected. Certain looks or comments, times on the road. . .but he didn’t offer and I didn’t ask. I don’t know if you’ve noticed but my brother isn’t the most forthcoming with his feelings. He has the emotional maturity of an adolescent. You guys are actually kind of perfect for each other in that way.” He gave Cas a wry, apologetic smile.
Sam cleared his throat and Dean realized he had been standing there for a long moment, just staring at Cas and his damn arms.
The shifter was uncowed. “All right, Dean. But ask yourself,” the shifter tilted Cas’ head. A perfect imitation. “Is it really me you’re mad at?”
“Yes.” Dean’s answer was quiet but firm.
Dean grinned. “It’s a skateboard. You stand on it, and it rolls along, and…” he trailed off, feeling suddenly stupid. Dean hadn’t exactly been a skater himself, but they were popular back in his high school days, and for some reason when he pictured Jack, all lanky limbs and barely-contained energy, it just seemed right.
He grabbed Cas by the lapels of his dirty trench coat, shaking him. “You moron! You goddamned idiot! So the son of Lucifer tells you it’s all cool and you just believe him?! Really, Cas?” Dean shoved and the shifter flew across the room. That was enough to startle Dean out of the illusion. Cas wouldn’t break so easily.
“What is it? Are you hurt?” Cas placed a hand at the center of Dean’s chest. Dean grasped at it like a lifeline, breathing heavily now that his orgasm backed off a little.
Dean’s furrow deepened and he was still trying to formulate a comeback (he had gotten as far as “your face needs a break”) when Sam texted again.
Odie removed her hand, but didn’t move away. Sam caught a noseful of her scent below him, coconut and something sweet underneath gun oil and the floral scent of her soap, which Sam recognized from her shower. “Staking a claim?” Sam asked, teasing.
Dean whirled on him, jaw clenched. “Things change. People change.” Dean shrugged, trying to think of an excuse. Anything but the real reason. “We’re not exactly religious, and that normal apple-pie stuff just isn’t for us. We’ve got work to do, remember?” He turned away to continue rummaging for any alcohol, anything hard at all, to obliterate his memories of Cas and the hunt gone sideways and now this goddamn argument with his brother who just wouldn’t leave well enough alone.
ALSO!  CW in this chapter for narcissistic personality disorder, narcissistic abuse. In case you haven't been able to tell up to this point, Dr. Lea is based on a person in my past and getting back into that headspace has been kinda hard for me. If you are struggling with this or have struggled with it be aware it's a theme in this chapter. For me, writing this has been somewhat cathartic tho;)
Cas pulled off with a slurp. “Open your eyes, Dean.” Dean hadn’t realized they were squeezed shut. Blinking away moisture, he opened them with difficulty, gulped. Cas stroked the back of his calves. “Good, so good.” Dean felt that now-familiar warmth. “You’re doing so well, Dean. Just look in the mirror and tell me what you see.”
He figured, if it hadn’t happened by now, there probably was a reason, and that reason was either Cas didn’t feel the same way about Dean OR Cas just wasn’t capable of feeling that way about anybody, period. As he once said to Kevin, angels just didn’t have the equipment, so to speak. One thing was clear: this case was going to make it ten times as hard as normal for Dean to stow his crap and do the job. He stood up, set his shoulders tensely again, and headed back to the room.
Odie crossed the threshold, not pausing to see if Sam followed. “Let’s get some dinner started and then we’ll dive into the research.” She bustled about the small kitchen, putting away her goods, washing her hands at the sink. “Restroom’s through there; you can get washed up from your trip.”
Dean nodded, his jaw rocking up and down in Cas’ grip even as unshed tears glistened in his eyes.
The figure, waxen and semi-opaque, stopped in front of Odie, large hand rising to cradle her cheek. Tears glistened in Odie’s eyes. Sam tensed beside her. The duppy of Jay Reneau stopped before touching his daughter. His large brown eyes filled with sadness. “I’m sorry to come to you like this, mon petite chou,” he said. “I felt your call before, but Ixchel had me trapped, along with the other souls she consumed. When you killed Dr. Lea you released us, so I could come see you.”
“I’ve tried this a few times, but it was always the wrong way.” Sam’s voice was quiet and right at Dean’s side where he had joined his older brother at the deck railing. Dean dared a glance at Sam’s face, earnest and open, eyes lifted to the stars starting to dot the sky above the roof of trees.
Sam pulled a face at her name-calling, but was immediately distracted by Odie’s small pink cottage on stilts with bright yellow trim and a thatched roof. A bicycle leaned against the wall outside, and a surfboard flanked it on the other side of the door. As Sam circled the vehicle to retrieve his luggage, he spotted a hammock swaying between two palms on the beach side of the house.
Dean padded in his ridiculous white terrycloth slippers after Cas down a hallway of the on-site spa. They wore matching bathrobes and were full of the breakfast of rice, black beans, fried plantains, and fresh mango that had been delivered to their room. The paperwork they had found in their ‘room’ (which was really a freestanding cabana opening to the sandy beach) disclosed that each couple began their retreat with a ‘relaxing and healing couples massage.’
, Dean thought; fitting. Navigating Baby onto the frontage road, Dean found a small hunter’s (quail and pheasant, not monster) motel staffed by an extremely grouchy family. Well, at least the father-slash-owner was grouchy. Probably because, hello, it was the middle of the night on Christmas Eve. Dean paid for the only room left, a smoking double, and took the plastic ovoid key holder.
Dean had spent his entire lifetime in control. He cared for others, was the rock upon which his father, and then his brother, could rely. Any time he felt anything he associated with weakness, he postured and preened, projecting the strength he knew others required of him. This man, Cas thought, was used to taking what he wanted, but only when he was completely in control of the terms under which he got it, and when and how it would end.
“I see you’ve still got your panties in a twist,” Sam said, throwing off his coat. Jack was busy setting up the tree stand. His grin had frozen a little at Dean’s dismissal, but his Christmas spirit seemed undeterred. He almost vibrated with good cheer as he hummed what Dean would never admit to recognizing as a Mariah Carey Christmas pop tune while he worked. Sam angled his body towards Dean, pitching his voice conspiratorially. “Is this still about that hunt last month?”
Dean swallowed. “Yeah.” Dean’s tone was belligerent. “I do. Fine. You win.”
Jo gave him a sharp smile. “When Bobby Singer calls, I answer.” She shrugged. “Plus, I’m not gonna pass up the chance to work one last case with a Winchester.” She winked at him, then nudged his arm. “Shhh, or you’ll miss it.”
“Today we will be focusing on intimacy with our partners. Not sexual intimacy, but emotional intimacy, which is harder to achieve in our modern society. We are going to try Soul Gazing, a form of tantra nonverbal communication. You can use this exercise to harmonize your energies, and open your heart space to one another.”
Dean balled his fists, fighting the urge to roll over, scoot closer so any part of his body was touching any part of Cas’. He had felt the desire to touch itch his fingers before, but never this strongly.
He followed her onto the first landing of the treehouse, just a few easy stairs up. A group of people were chilling in hammocks and talking quietly. None of them batted an eye at the arrival of the corpse. Sam deposited it in a pallet indicated by Timea. It had been prepared with some plants, candles, and soft cloth.
Dean grit his teeth and whirled on Jo. “Good talk, Russ. Next stop?” Jo touched his hand and they stood on the shore of a lake Dean had never wanted to see again in his life or any other. He barely had time to draw a breath before his eyes landed on Cas, blade sticking through his check, blue light escaping his mouth and eyes.
“Next,” continued Dr. Lea, satisfied all the couples were situated, “I would like you to take a moment to attune your breathing to one another. Then I will ring a bell and you will look at your partner in the eyes, without breaking contact. Try to be present in the moment and let any feelings of judgement or distraction simply float away. When I ring the bell the second time, the exercise will be over.”
Dean sighed and listened for Cas’ even breaths. Focusing on the soft classical music, he quieted his racing thoughts, and was eventually overtaken by sleep.
Cas released a low noise halfway between a moan and a grown and pushed Dean away, holding him firmly by the hips. He nodded once, serious and intent, and abruptly headed down the hallway to the bunker’s bedrooms, dragging Dean after him.
By the time he caught up to Dean at the open-air tiki affair that was the resort’s bar, Dean had bellied right up and caught the eye of the handsome, slim bartender.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean scoffed. “What I’m in need of is some real honesty and less bullshit, Cas.” The angel’s confusion only seemed to increase at this. In response to Cas’ head tilt, Dean elaborated. “You don’t have to coddle me anymore, Cas. Sam’s out. I know it’s only a matter of time before you’re out, too. No more pretending.” Dean yanked the bag’s zipper closed like it personally harmed him. “This has been fun,” Dean’s voice caught on the last word, rougher than usual. “But we both know it’s got a built-in self-destruct.”  He blinked at his feet, refusing to meet Cas’ eyes. Every muscle in his body pulled tight, awaiting Cas’ reply.
Cas wasn’t moving or saying anything so Dean was grateful, initially, that Sam broke the silence. “I thought you were allergic, Dean?” Yeah, leave it to his fucking detective brother to bring that up.
“I’m running out of time here, Dean. We’re not doing this to hurt you. It’s just the mission. I’ll speed it up if you can hang in there and we’ll get through this.” She placed a gentle hand on his arm. She managed to convey warmth through her ghostly cold fingers.
Dean grit his teeth so hard he was sure they would crack. He told himself Cas promised him. Cas only wanted to be with him, fighting at his side. Cas said so. But maybe Sam had a point...hot tears of shame joined the clutching anxiety clawing its way up his neck.
“Thank you for the present, Dean.” Cas closed the distance between them this time, until he was in what Dean would historically have referred to as his “personal space.” Dean didn’t flinch. Time to kick it in the ass.
Sam stalks past Castiel down the hallway and Cas is left with his confusion and his initial hypothesis, now blossoming into a full-blown theory. He’s shaking, with hope and anxiety and fear. He told the entity he would fight it for eternity. He chose to live, knowing Dean might never choose him back. Cas had never considered what would happen if Dean did. He had never dared to.
Dr. Lea stood and crossed to a whiteboard at the side of the room, and began writing her list as she spoke. “A total lack of intimacy or lasting relationships due to mistrust, several intensely dramatic and stormy relationships in a row or at once, thoughts of suspicion or anxiety about friends about family, belief that others are deceptive and malevolent.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean stood at the butcher block, absentmindedly forming hamburger patties. Flies harassed him. He waved them off, hoping the smoke from the grill he had just started would shoo them off.
“Am I to understand that you are under the impression that I’ve been somehow dishonest to you about my feelings or commitment to you?” Cas’ voice was deceptively impassive, but Dean could sense the indignant fury rippling under the angel’s composed surface.
Once back at her home, she flipped on the kitchen lights and burst out laughing. Sam’s arms were covered in angry red welts.
She looked at him with the contempt only teens can muster for anyone over the age of 30. “Dude. It’s Christmas Day?”
Charlie’s look was pure pity. “Did you really just quote ‘Free Bird?’ What’s next? You going to tell me how when it’s time for leaving you hope I’ll understand that you were born a ramblin’ man?” She stage-whispered, “Do you ever think learning about love and relationships exclusively from your grief-addled father and classic rock lyrics might not have given you the healthiest outlook?”
“And you,” Dean said, turning to Cas but keeping his eyes shut so he didn’t have to look at him. “How haven’t we hurt each other yet?” Dean pointed his gaze at his shoes, unable to confront whatever expression Cas is wearing. “We’ve lied to protect each other, betrayed each other, gotten each other tortured and killed…shit, Cas, we even tried to kill each other a few times. But sure, yeah, let’s exchange presents by the fireplace, drink some nog, and have a Merry Fucking Christmas!”
Dean knew this was how “real” massages worked. (He had done some research online because his previous experiences on the road with storefront massage parlors didn’t seem quite relevant to this, much classier, situation.) Nevertheless, getting to this part with Cas in the room felt strangely awkward and intimate. He fingered the demon knife in his pocket, wondering if they were in enough danger to keep it nearby. He settled for stashing it under the mattress of the massage table.
“O-kay” Dean makes the word two syllables, clearly curious. “What’s the occasion, big spender?” Dean attempts a lascivious grin.
Sam swallows, shifting in his seat. The stare is clearly working, Cas thinks. “You don’t know what it was like when you were gone,” Sam’s tone is firm. “I’m just glad to see Dean happy again, so sorry we’re not jumping at the bit to relive how hard it was.” Sam says ‘sorry’ in a manner that tells Cas he’s not truly sorry at all.
Finally, this is NOT the last chapter! We have at least three more. One of those will be a smutty smutfest. At least as much as I can muster myself to try to write anything beyond a PG-13 rating.
Playing the part of a devoted boyfriend, Cas pulled out Dean’s chair, which earned him a glower for his trouble. It seemed as though Dean was always ready with a reminder of his feelings on romantic relationships with men any time Cas ever required one.
Cas nodded, satisfied now that all members of their little party were participating in this social ritual. “To Dean,” Cas began. Dean’s mouth fell open in shock. Cas was still talking. “Even though he wasn’t able to be here tonight, he’s in our hearts. Always.” Cas raised his bottle a bit at this and made to drink when Sam interjected loudly:
Dean took a deep breath and regarded his reflection. Cas rewarded him by sucking his earlobe into his mouth. The flat of the blade caressed Dean’s back before slicing through Dean’s shirt in long, capable strokes. Tropical air hit Dean’s skin, mingling with the sweat beading along his spine. The dance continued, with the razor-sharp edge removing Dean’s clothing, strip by strip, button by button, until Dean was left, trembling in nothing but his boots and belt. Dean’s arms shook with the effort of holding the mirror. Cas untied the gag then faced Dean again, standing just beyond the mirror. “What do you see, Dean?”
Dean sat up, mindful to keep his sheet tucked around his hips. Cas stood, as per his usual, in Dean’s personal space, but made no move to touch Dean. Dean looked up to meet Cas’ blue eyes, and saw the concern there. Dean opened his mouth to quip and make that look go away on Cas’ face, but the words got caught and he just ended up taking a breath and then closing his mouth, looking more like a goldfish than his ‘cool’ self-image. Cas didn’t break eye contact but every so slowly, as if Dean was a horse Cas was afraid to spook, placed his hand gently on Dean’s back and began rubbing counter-clockwise circles there.
Sam sat at the war table. He leaned back, jamming his chopsticks with finality into a take-out container, and pushed his chair back, humming in satisfaction. Dean peered into the white box with Chinese characters on it, frowning at the veggie tofu dish inside. “Typical” Dean muttered, under his breath. Charlie elbowed him.
want more.” Cas finished this little speech and waited, never moving his eyes from Dean’s face.
She whisked her green velvet skirts out of the way to reveal two tiny figures huddled by her legs. One was a person of extremely advanced age: emaciated skin dotted with skin sores, balding head peppered with white stringy hair, mouth puckered with toothless gums, hands tipped with claw-like yellowed nails, eyes cloudy with cataracts. “This is loneliness” Charlie intoned.
Dean’s eyes were immediately drawn to Cas. He was the brightest thing in any room. His posture was unusually relaxed back in his chair, which was pushed back from the table so he could watch Jack by the tree. He had loosened his tie, and gripped a beer bottle’s neck loosely in a hand. His eyes were wide and warm, focused on Jack.
I’m still very new to writing fan fiction, and I’m not 100% on the formatting, etc. But the last thing I would want to do is inadvertently hurt someone. So some warnings. If you are familiar with the Dickens source text, you’ll know, this chapter is the worst because it has to be the bleakest vision of the future that inspires the character change. So I had to be really, really mean to our boys. I based the vision of Cas on Future!Cas but bleaker. So: implied drug abuse, multiple sexual partners, dubious consent, vampire/blood play, Dominant tones (not like consensual loving D/s dynamic but like Cas is an abusive asshole) I don’t like it but I had to make it so horrible Dean wouldn’t like it either!
Dean looked up at him. “What?” he snapped, suddenly belligerent. “Um, no thank you.”
“What?” Cas blurts out, unable to keep track of the conversational thread with Dean’s scent and skin and breath so close.
They turned back to the teenagers making out on the couch. They were discussing the upcoming school dance. “I’m not going anywhere, Robin.” Grown-up Dean winced at those words. He knew how much he meant them at the time. How quickly he’d forget them once John showed up with Sam in tow. Sam would come first, before anything else, for a long time after that.
Cas moved closer and took Dean by the elbow. “Which is why I’m not going to leave like that again.”
Timea was gangly with long sandy hair setting off her light skin. She didn’t break six feet but her dark brown eyes could meet Sam’s directly in an assessing stare and she gripped his hand in a surprising grip. “Where did you find this one?” Timea cut her eyes at Odie, who just threw back her rum, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.
“No TV?!” he wailed. “How am I supposed to fall asleep?” Dean relied on sheer physical exhaustion or the drone of bed television to lull him to sleep. Just another thing about this case that had him off balance, out of his element. Dean made for the champagne. “Well, there’s always booze.”
The hammock rocked in the ocean breeze, shaded by the palms rustling above. Eyes closed, Sam pushed thoughts of a missing Odie out of his mind. Thoughts about his pep talk to Cas crowded in on their heels. His stomach rumbled loudly, reminding him audibly of the late mid-day hour.
Dean knew he was too far gone to stop now. “No! You try to fix everything and you just make it worse every time. Leaving me alone with Sam to pick up your mess.” Dean crowded into Cas’ space as he spoke, backing him up against the wall. “You chose him.” Dean’s voice was low and dangerous. “You chose Lucifer’s son over me. You fucking played me. And I hate you for it.” His voice broke.
The sounds of Mariah’s blow job became even more distracting when Cas’ moans of pleasure joined them in the silent night air. Dean actually closed his eyes and grit his teeth to prevent becoming more turned on than he already was. This was not the time or place. Luckily, the proceedings were soon interrupted by another party entering the little clubhouse of horror.
They crash together, bodies and lips flush. By unspoken mutual agreement, they angle their faces to meet deeper, closer still. Arms wrapped around shoulders. Hands caressing faces. Gentle moans escaping. Dean backs Cas into the room and kicks the door shut.
Dean pulls Cas roughly by the waist so they are both touching, a solid column of heat. Cas’ hands raise of their own volition to cradle the back of Dean’s head. Dean releases Cas’ neck with a soft ‘pop’ and teases Cas’ earlobe with his tongue. “How about your ear?” Dean asks, and Cas nods his assent, his power of speech rapidly deteriorating. Dean captures the soft lobe in his teeth and nibbles. Cas’ back arches.
Dean snorted in derision. “Yeah, that’s pretty much the opposite of my life motto.”
Mariah’s eyes burned him, but she sank to her knees in front of him, hands on his jean-clad thighs. She mouthed at his fly and Cas’ eyes fluttered shut. He slugged more liquor as she inched his zipped down and began drawing his cock out into the frigid air of the abandoned house.
Sam meets Odie and a beautiful vintage blue Land Cruiser.
Bobby flinched. “Sometimes. Only soul-mates share heavens, and apparently I wasn’t hers.” Bobby slumped his shoulders. “Once in a while I get to hunt in the woods with kid-you and kid-Sam. Even more rarely, I get to pal around with Rufus. Don’t really get to see any of you as often as I’d like.”
He looked up at Odie who was watching him with less mirth now and more wariness. “I’m sorry. That was incredibly stupid. You obviously have been over all of this already, and know more than I even will about your community. What do you need from me? How can I help?”
Sam awoke to the sound of the surf. He sighed deeply and raised his head off his pillow on the floor palette Odie had fixed him up in her small living area directly off her kitchen. After ducking in the bathroom, he investigated the tiny cabin looking for her, but it was empty. He helped himself to a bowl of the sweetened coconut rice pudding-type dish he found on the stovetop. Grabbing a mango from a bowl in the center of the metal folding table and a knife, he made his way outside.
“Law enforcement” Dean said gruffly.
The silence smothers the room like a physical thing. It creeps into every crevice, squeezing in every space. It curls around the back of Dean’s neck. It presses on Cas’ chest.
Cas looked at Dean curiously, head tilted.
This vacation was really screwing with his normal coping strategies.
Saturday dawned. Another day, another group therapy session.
Sam opened his mouth to say he was sorry, but Odie was steel now, continuing her litany. “The bartender, Dominik, we picked up as a youngster. He was being raised by a shifter who took his daddy’s place. He almost chose the fake over the truth. He didn’t speak for months, and then only to me.”
“Cas? Dean!” a voice broke Dean’s concentration. He wet his lips, not breaking eye contact with Cas, unwilling to leave that certainty, that comfort. Dr. Lea broke in again: “I rang the bell. The exercise is completed.” Dean nodded, still staring at Cas. Who would look away first?
Bobby rose his hand placatingly as Dean passed, and it ran completely through him again. “Relax, boy. You can’t test me if I’m a freaking apparition. Why not just believe your eyes?” Bobby indicated his form which, while clad in plaid was rather see-through. It made Dean’s eyes water to discern the plaid’s pattern on Bobby’s back clashing with the pattern on Bobby’s front, both clearly visible at the same time.
Sam gave a barely perceptible nod and she rolled off of him, grabbing the salt. Sam smoothly pulled his iron knife from his boot by the bed. The rose in unison, back-to-back, both scanning the room for the spirit.
Sam shook his head quickly. “No, I’m just surprised. You never mentioned it. Online.” His mind was racing back to their many late-night typed interactions, some of which had become rather lengthy and personal. He flushed quickly, suddenly embarrassed. Definitely some stuff he wouldn’t have told a woman. Stuff about his family, even Jess.
“When your mama’s patients began falling ill, she called upon Ixchel to find out what was causing the sickness. By this time she had caught HIV from delivering the babies of women who carried the virus, but didn’t know it yet.” Sam put a gentle hand on Odie’s shoulder. Jay continued.
Jo laughed, a childish bubbling sound. “Can You Read My Mind?” She intoned in mock-serious tones.
Dean retorted ‘I’m as free as a bird, now, and this bird you cannot change.” He crossed his arms across his chest with a defiance he did not feel.
“In our hearts?!” Sam’s eyebrows had disappeared into his hairline. “I wish he was here right now. I’d serve him a piece of my mind.” Sam scoffed. “Shit, I’d shove it down his throat.”
“You were saying?” Cas asked. Calm bastard. Was he trying to tease Dean to death? Dean spread his legs wide in invitation. Cas’ hand fled, was replaced with his mouth, but only for a few brief strokes. Cas’ mouth curved in a smile against Dean’s inner thigh. “I’m going to put my mouth on you now. Is that okay?”
Sam rose on creaky knees and pulled Odie up on unsteady feet. She swayed and he caught her by the shoulders. They were narrow but firm and straight. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. Sam noticed her fine, dark lashes were short and delicately curled. Her earlobes were attached and ever so slightly lighter than the rest of her skin. Sam took in the rise of her neck, the…
The pilot, an arm’s reach in front of Dean in the cramped space, nonchalantly guided the small aircraft down as Dean involuntarily grabbed Sam’s arm. This terror was far beyond anything humming Metallica could alleviate. Cas, sitting shotgun to the pilot, grinned back at him excitedly like a child visiting the cockpit. While he did have more experience flying than any of them, but this was probably his first time doing it in an airplane, Dean reflected, disgruntled. His stomach lurched.
Sam followed her eye line to the photo. A small girl with chubby cheeks and arms clung to a woman in a long skirt with armfuls of jewelry and a long, dark braid. A man with a beard and kind eyes had his arm around her, gazing at the girl adoringly. “Your parents?” Sam nodded towards the picture. They had talked about it a bit online. Hunters were often orphans.
“So what’s the game plan, here?” The frigid air was beginning to make him shiver, even fully dressed as he had fallen asleep. He grabbed his own arms to stop his shivering.
“I don’t get what all that had to do with Christmas anyway?” Dean cast about, looking for any place to vent his discomfort at the emotional roller-coaster that had been the past few minutes.
Sam threw his hands up again. “For Christ’s sake, Dean. It’s Christmas eve. We’re gonna decorate the tree, have a few brews, order Chinese take-out, watch a shitty movie, and exchange convenience-store-bought presents. You wanna boycott? Fine. But this is happening. With or without you.” Sam looked at him with something approaching pity. “Maybe you could get cleaned up. Join us?” Sam’s gaze narrowed to the bottle in Dean’s hands pointedly.
Dean meant to sigh dramatically, to cast his eyes skyward, to give a witty retort, preferably with a nerdy pop-culture reference. Instead, he found himself reaching forward to pull Charlie into a hug. To press his lips into her red hair, to tell her just how much she meant to him. Just as his arms extended, she abruptly disappeared. A glance behind him showed Atreyu was toast, too. And now he was choked up with the loss of her.
) and made shooting noises with its little gun. He turned, dropping it, as his eyes widened. “Oh, whoah, I totally remember this-” He started toward the object of his attention when he was interrupted by a man walking into the room.
Sam’s face was now burning even brighter, from shame. He took a few deep breaths, trying to absorb all Odie had said. Why was he embarrassed about this stuff, for Chuck’s sake? She was right, of course. He was a little uptight, and that had everything to do with his own insecurities. Time to man up.
He wore wide-leg light-wash jeans cinched with a brown belt with a large buckle. His western-style plaid shirt was tight with pearlescent buttons. His hair was shaggy (almost as long as Sam’s now), his face clean-shaven, but Dean would know him anywhere.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas broke the silence first, so Dean met him halfway by taking two steps toward him, closing the distance but not so much so that they could touch. He didn’t need the distraction.
Cas continued. “I thought perhaps a tattoo of the amulet, because it symbolizes my faith in and commitment to you when my faith in God was lost.”
Jo tipped her hat, and the light emanating from her head shone out all around them, blinding Dean.
“Dean” Sam’s voice came from the doorway, where he leaned, arms crossed. Relentless bastard. “You’ve always loved Christmas. You’re usually the one wheedling me about it. I figured you’d be in here cooking gingerbread and cueing up Die Hard for Jack, making ‘ho ho ho now I’ve got a machine gun’ jokes. What crawled up your ass and died?” Sam’s face was a mixture of kicked puppy and nagging parent.
Things had been a little chaotic following their successful hunt of Ixchel. Sam and Odie holed up at her place, reasoning that Sam’s sudden departure after Dr. Lea’s disappearance would be suspicious to a degree likely to cause an international incident. The Belizean authorities were on sharp lookout to treat crimes seriously after the snafu with James McAffee.
Cas thinks he understands. “Dean got the tattoo because of emotional distress while I was gone,” he states, seeking confirmation from Sam “and now nobody wants to talk about when I was dead because it’s too painful?” Cas squints at Sam, hoping he got it right.
Dean pulled the window open. Let’s kick this in the ass, he thought. “So you’re Bobby’s first messenger?” he asked.
Cas continues. “Dean says he got the tattoo to ‘remember me by.’” Cas doesn’t use the air quotes but thinks them, nonetheless. “But I noticed the other day when you changed into a clean shirt at the motel that you did not have one.” Cas tilts his head. “At least not in a location visible on your torso.” Sam makes a noise halfway between choking and coughing, but Cas persists.
Sam kicked open the cooler at the foot of the table and cracked open two fresh Beliken beers for himself and his brother. Dean took it suspiciously, studiously avoiding Sam’s eyes to worry at a knot in the teak wood of the table. Sam leaned back in his chair, stretching his long legs out and took a deep breath. A tight fast rush of anxiety fisted at Dean’s neck, and he shoved his chair out, walking to the railing of the treehouse, putting his back to Sam. It didn’t prevent him from feeling the expression Sam was making at it; parts hurt, concerned, and annoyed.
Cas feels something stir in his chest at that. But he needs to know. There are so many opportunities to misunderstand Dean, who is not plain in his emotions or his speech. “You feared you would forget about me without a tattoo.” Cas says, trying this idea out.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas pinned him with a smitey glare. “You do realize alcohol actually disrupts quality sleep?”
Hank led him up the ladder to the second story, explaining that they had gathered trusted neighbors and friends of the local hunting community to assist with the Nine Night. Basically a long wake, they would perform various Obeah rituals to ensure Dr. Lea didn’t become...well, anything else. It was the local version of burning a hunter on a pyre.
And it was your heart on the line.
“There it is, ladies and germs, the second lie of the evening.” Gabriel twirls his finger in a lazy circle. Abruptly, he sits up. “So, how’d I do?” Dean and Cas studiously avoid each other’s eyes. “My goodness.” declares Gabriel, crossing his legs at the ankle. “You two are adorable, aren’t you?”
Dean grabbed the interruption like a lifeline and was soon chatting with Jason and Lana like old friends. Cas smiled and exchanged pleasant chatter, all the while listening and observing for clues. He made no real conversational contribution except to point out a beautiful rainbow that appeared over the beach’s edge, where the river ran from the jungle out to sea. The two couples remarked on it seeming out of place, in the absence of rain this sunny afternoon.
Dean rolled his eyes. “You’re no Lois Lane, Joanna Beth.” He glanced down to see Mount Oread speeding toward them, the red-tiled roofs of the limestone University buildings visible even in the gloom. “Hey, this is Lawrence!” he exclaimed in recognition. “I grew up near here,” he said, even as they glided over his old elementary school, the playground where he had first learned to swing, pumping his little legs forward and back. It felt like flying. Dean experienced an unfamiliar physical sensation, one which he was unaccustomed to feeling, except on rare occasions of peace with Sam, and of course whenever he and Cas shared companionable moments, like when they had worked that case in Dodge City. He felt light in a way that had nothing to do with the magic of soaring through the air with Jo.
Jack cocked his head searchingly towards Cas. “And what about us?”
Dean caught Cas’ hand in his own, drawing him close again and capturing his earlobe in his mouth. “Hey,” he said, listening to Sam and Jack’s voices down the hallway in the sudden calm between them. “I just meant,” he continued, sucking and licking his way behind Cas’ ear and down his neck as Cas bared the long column of stubbled skin to Dean’s ministrations. “That we should probably take this somewhere more private,” he finished, licking the cleft in Cas’ chin, and capturing his plush bottom lip between his teeth.
“When she became sick, we didn’t know why.” Odie swallowed. “Many people here began blaming her for spreading it amongst the women in town.” Sam felt his face fall into a grim mask. It made sense, in a way. He remembered the confusion and fear in his own youth when HIV became known in America. People thought you could get it from a toothbrush, for chrissake.
“If you take the partner yoga massage class, Cas carries a lot of tension in his hands and feet. He’s extremely sensitive there, and on his neck and jaw.”  Dean turned his head to see her demonstrating a stroke along one of Cas’ bare feet, eliciting a moan closer to a cry from Cas as his entire body shuddered on the table. Cas is so fucking sensitive, thought Dean. He quickly dropped his face down through the pillow hole again, face burning, mouth dry. “Yep” he said, “Thanks for the tip.”
“I can barely see myself because I can’t hold on when you take me apart like this.” Cas hummed happily. “I look-” Dean checked out the picture he made and watched as a smile climbed across his face. “I look happy,” he gasped, tears springing without his permission to his eyes.”I’m happy, fuck, Cas, you make me feel so happy, ugh, nghgh!” Dean lost control and was pistoning his hips into Cas’s mouth, but before he could tip over the edge of his climax Cas’ mouth disappeared, along with the mirror.
He must have dozed off, because the next thing Sam knew, a horn was beeping outside. He startled up to see a bright blue 1980s Toyota Land Cruiser (the FJ60, if he wasn’t mistaken-oh man, he always loved those) idling outside the door. A series of beeps told him to shake tail, and he slid out of his seat toward the door.
The shaking of his chest startled Odie, who drew back and regarded him with confusion. Sam caught his breath. “Real fun song for the club,” Sam said sarcastically. Odie didn’t share his amusement.
“Dean! Get in here, son. I found what I was looking for” John Winchester called. For the first time, Dean noticed the cardboard album cover in John’s hands. A small boy, little more than a toddler, careened into the living room, rushing into his dad’s arms with a squeal. He had a blonde bowl haircut, chunky cheeks, and brown corduroy jeans. Dean flinched, instinctively guarding against John’s reaction. His father only gathered the boy up in a bear hug and roared.
In that moment, he made a decision.
Cas looks at Dean almost pityingly, concerned about the man’s lack of ability to follow this simple conversation. “Yes. You, Dean.”
“Dean!” Cas flew off his table, leaving a startled Kelsi in his wake, clutching the sheet around his waist as he did so and was at Dean’s side in a second. “What’s wrong with him?” Cas demanded, whirling on Brian. “What did you do to him?” Cas throat and jaw was clenched again, no doubt the cause of the ‘tension’ Kelsi had noted.
“Boys!” came a voice from the kitchen. “Supper’s almost ready.” Dean’s mother appeared at the doorway, wiping her hands on a kitchen towel. Mary’s skin was flushed from the heat of cooking. She was lovely and warm, just as Dean remembered. “Go get washed up now” she said, in a not-at-all-stern tone, putting her hands on her hips, her belly heavy with Sam, who would be born in the spring. Dean drank her in greedily. This was Christmas 1982. Dean was just three years old. This was his last Christmas with his mom. Their last Christmas as a family. Before…
The ride back to Odie’s cabin was made even worse by the itching sensation crawling over Sam’s body. He tried not to fidget, but Odie kept glancing curiously at him every time he wriggled uncomfortably. She finally gave him a sharp glance and told him to stop scratching or he’d make it worse.
The hunter sighed, straightened up. Cas would try more talking. More reasoning. Why couldn’t he understand Dean was a loser? A waste of time?
The bunker hallway dissolved into a darkened living room. Peeling floral wallpaper exposed moldy plaster. Piles of unidentifiable fabric lay in heaps on rough floorboards. A small camp stove sat, cold, in the middle of the room. Dean had never been here before, but he recognized it instantly. This was a nest.
Cas returned to his duffel and came back with something in his palm cupped behind his forearm. At Dean’s periphery, he caught a flash of silver-white. Cas was showing him, giving him a chance to assess. It was Cas’ angel blade. Cas ran a soothing hand down Dean’s trembling arm. “I’m not going to hurt you, I promise.” Dean nodded, nearly imperceptibly, fighting to control his breathing. Cas gently kissed Dean’s cheekbone. “I’m going to help you see your true self.”
“Commie bastards sure know how to make a spirit. Am I right?” the sandy-haired angel says. He sloshes them all another hefty measure.
“Again with the tattoo? Really, Cas?” Sam is glaring at him over the top of an open, heavy tome that he looks perilously close to hurling. “Don’t you think you should be talking to Dean about this?”
Dean felt a sense of unreality that had little to do with the Xanax he had finally consented to ingest upon takeoff from the Belize International Airport to the remote Dangriga “airport”, which appeared to consist of a double-wide trailer sitting off the dusty ‘tarmac’ inhabited by horses seconds earlier. He knew, intellectually, how this happened. He was still having a hard time believing it. Even the harsh jolt of the airplane’s wheels on the lumpy, red dirt runway didn’t jar him from the thought that this couldn’t really be happening.
“Plan?” Dean asked in a cautious tone. “Why do I have a bad feeling about this?”
Cas reels back on his heels as if Sam had smacked him physically.
Cas is watching this. He turns back to Gabriel, echoing Dean. “Friends.”
“I haven’t heard,” said chins, yawning again. “Left it to his brother, I guess. He didn’t leave it to us. That’s all I know.” The gathered hunters laughed weakly. “In any case,” the big man continued. “It’s gonna be a small wake.” He looked around at the gathered audience, flushed with the attention he was now receiving. “Who’d go to it? Unless the drinks are on the house? Amiright?”
Dean sighed and crossed his legs, pulling out his phone to find a local pizza delivery place. He placed an order (pineapple and ham, just to be spiteful.) He considered getting in the Impala and finding a quiet rest stop to sleep overnight to escape the probable bedbugs he was risking here, but the temperature was just low enough to make that option dangerous. This place was cheap and gross, but then again, no better than what he deserved. He then picked up the remote and discovered the TV (so old it looked like it still had tubes) only carried four local channels. He was still flipping idly through them when a knock came at the door.
Cas finally looked into her eyes. “I’ll give you what you want, Mariah.” His voice was cold and harsh.
“Oh. That’s cool.” Sam replied to her back. The bartender slid him another Beliken with a look of solidarity. Sam pushed off the bar, wandering through the dancing crowd in search of cooler breeze coming off the ocean. It wasn’t long until he felt a small hand at his back.
Dean’s senses shifted into high alert, despite not really being
Won't catch me showing any hurt
“This is a chill spot to have a stout and get down, but there is always an element looking to take tourists for a ride. Stay close. Don’t accept drinks from strangers.” Odie narrowed her eyes at him. Sam rolled his in response.
Cas fights the urge to cover Dean’s hand with his own, to pull him close. He’s too afraid of spooking Dean like a skittish horse. Instead, he nods, still holding Dean’s eyes with his own. Cas realizes his breath is coming quickly now, too. Dean moves even closer into Cas’ space, grabbing him by the shoulder. Dean dips his head, replacing his fingers with his lips and pressing a kiss into Cas’ chest. Cas lets out an involuntary gasp at the contact. Then Dean drags his lips up Cas’ chest until his head is tucked into the space in between Cas’ shoulder and neck. He pauses for a long moment and Cas almost panics, wondering if something went wrong. Then Dean says “Where else?”
The truth was, Cas deserved better. He always had, and recent events did nothing to convince Dean otherwise. Why wouldn’t Cas get the hint and move on? Maybe he just needed time. Time away from Dean. Time to listen to Sam’s fairly accurate assessment of Dean’s strength and courage when it came to emotional intimacy.
Cas deals with the fallout of his refusal to perform the commitment ritual with Dean, and Sam and Odie look for ways to slow Ixchel down.
Dean snapped his head toward Bobby, curious. “Karen’s not there with you?”
Cas didn’t retreat from Dean as his gaze raked Cas’ lips. Present-day Dean flushed at how obvious he was. Had he always been so obvious? Then-Dean closed the remaining space and Now-Dean had a front row seat to Cas’ face as they shared their first kiss.
Here, have some plot.
Dean balled his fists. What a bunch of assholes, talking about Cas and Jack like that. “Enough.” Dean firmly said. “I’ve seen the damn movie. It’s not a mystery who they’re talking about. You can skip the dramatic cemetery reveal. I just don’t see why I should care what these losers think, anyway.”
Dean nodded, resigned. Of course. He had been too much of a coward and avoided Cas for a month and left in a huff last night and Cas had moved on. This was a breakup speech.
Dean moved on instinct. He rushed forward to help, but Charlie halted him with a ghostly strong hand. “Can’t you save them?” he shouted at her angrily.
Dean swiped his wallet from his rear right pocket as he opened the door, but abruptly dropped it mid-motion and moved, instead, to pull his gun from his rear waistband.
As they walked, the surrounding wheat field stubble grew and transformed until they walked through the interior of a dive bar. Dean looked at the row of barstools, occupied by plaid-and-boot-clad hunters. Some at the long wooden bar he recognized, others were strangers.
The kiss started off soft, little more than a gentle press of lip on lip. Sober this time, Dean was able to appreciate the sensations. Cas was warm in front of him, and he smelled absolutely divine, some heady combination of evergreen and snow.
Cas had parted with his trench coat and suit in favor of salmon-colored bermuda shorts and a baby blue polo shirt, both of which set off his eyes and skin nicely. He sat with his legs casually crossed, fingers laced around a knee.
Dean and Cas attend an intimacy workshop at the couples’ retreat and unwittingly become the teacher’s pets.
“They can’t hear or see us” she said, a too-kind expression on her face.
“Yeah, yes-yes!” Dean repeated after another insistent tug on his hair. Cas immediately released the strands and ran fingers gently across Dean’s scalp, soothing the sting there.
Also this is the most explicit thing I’ve ever written and it’s a) horrible and b) not that explicit, but probably a Mature rating? Rated R? YMMV (do the youths on the interwebs still say that?)
Brian looked baffled. “I have no idea. Maybe he finally felt safe enough to let go of those emotions, or maybe the massage released a blockage in the heart chakra.”
“You wanted to carry a physical memorial to me on your body permanently?” Cas clarifies, speaking quickly before Dean escapes.
“I don’t mind going if there’s food,” admitted beady eyes, who had a narrow jaw and a prominent blonde brow, “but I think their pet angel and its freak kid’ll be there.” Another laugh met this proclamation.
So, I accidentally wrote another Sam chapter. The thing is, he’s a better exposition monkey and also maybe I’m in love with Odie a little bit. Why do you keep talking about my shoulders? LOL, we are all Velma. ANYWAY here’s a long chapter and the next one has Destiel FEELINGS and AWKWARD SILENCES and GROUP THERAPY so if that’s your jam please keep reading I love you all like Sam loves books.
When he thought about Odie, he felt a deeper pull. Thinking about her felt like the suction of the ocean just before popping up on a surfboard. Sam wasn’t sure he was ready to stand. He didn’t know if trying would mean getting plowed under by a wave or blissfully cresting its edge. For some reason, the image of Dean pulling Cas in for a kiss by the bathrobe sash flashed into Sam’s brain, and with it, a pang of loss. Things were changing. They were changing. Maybe Sam needed to think about changing, too.
Sam tries to dance and commits microaggressions. Odie gets some backstory and there’s mystery plot development if you’re paying attention.
Bobby dropped him abruptly, turning toward the door so Dean couldn’t see his face. “I’m sending you three messengers. Listen to what they have to say, Dean.” Bobby’s tone brooked no argument. He passed the pizza box and picked up the fifth of whiskey in its paper bag that Dean had snagged at the liquor store by the bunker. “I’ll be taking this, too,” he said, and walked straight through the door without opening it.
“Let me guess,” he smirked. “A friend of yours from childhood.”
“I just…” Dean struggled to find the words. I barely remember this, but at least I had it once. Sam never had it all, even though I tried my best. Now it’s Jack’s first Christmas, and…” he shrugged, stuffing his hand in his pockets. “I just wish I had maybe stuck around; shown him a good one. Like this.”
Cas acknowledged this with a half-shrug. “If he had more control over his powers…” Cas debated how much to tell Dean. How much a tattoo would hurt an angel using its powers to not heal it. To leave a scar, untouched, painful and grating, for all of its existence. He decided upon discretion. “It’s possible for an angel to choose not to heal a tattoo.”
Sam nodded. Made sense, and reminded him of plenty of cases he had worked before. People were pretty much the same everywhere. Willing to turn a blind eye as long as it didn’t affect the status quo.
Odie bounded up the stairs with a bag in her arms. Sam trailed at her heels, despite legs at least twice as long as hers. She shoved the bag into Sam’s arms to reach up and pull Dean into a bear hug. “We brought you supplies!” she chirped. “Where’s Cas?”
“What’s so funny?” She asked, clearly not getting the joke.
Dean nodded, satisfied. See? Their behavior was in line with their cover story. Sam’s reply came in two parts.
The old man fixed him with hard eyes. “I’m not here to comfort you. I’m here to scare you.” He stood, walking past the old TV, which did not flicker like electronics normally did in the presence of a ghost. “You need to start planning for your future, Dean. No one lives forever, not even Winchesters.”
“Fine! Okay, I get the picture. Warm bath it is.” Dean grabbed his stuff and made a beeline for the bathroom, calling over his shoulder “Just for a bath! Not for the other thing!” He hurried through his nighttime ablutions and emerged fresh from the tub some time later, warm, but no less awake.
Dean spits venom. “What? No, I mean, my dad was-”
Sam snatched it out of the air and shook his head. “I can get it. Where are we going?” He pulled his hair into a man bun at the top of his head. Dean wasn’t here to rib him about it. He stood to stretch, feeling his muscles unbind after the unforgiving ride. As he dropped his arms, he caught Odie’s appreciative gaze. She froze, caught out staring, then gave him a small smile, licking her lips.
Dean rolled his eyes. Again. “No shit, sherlock. Also, thanks for sharing that with everyone.” He said sarcastically.
“Is this not what American hunters eat?” Odie asked, with more than a hint of teasing.
“When you were…” Dean trails off and clears his throat. Cas watches, fascinated, as Dean’s soft morning rawness disappears into what Cas thinks of as the Dean Act. Performative posturing, all bravado and swagger. Dean slaps on a suggestive smirk and shrugs, turning to exit as he throws out: “Hey, you die for a few weeks, you’re bound to miss some good stuff, okay?”
Minutes tick by in companionable silence. They never need to say much. Dean gratefully sighs as he downs the dregs of his first cup and turns to refill his coffee mug. Cas knows he’s usually pretty worthless until he’s well into his second helping. Dean takes his prize and moves to retreat to his bedroom, shuffling towards the kitchen door. He jerks back, however, his robe’s belt caught on the kitchen drawer handle below the coffee maker. Dean yanks it back, irritated, and his robe falls open, draping off one shoulder.
Dean never said “honey, I’m home,” but they did fall into a comfortable domestic routine at the bunker. He often made dinner, not only for Cas, but for any number of loved ones and friends who cycled through Lebanon regularly. They raised their little black kitten together, even though she wasn’t allowed in bed due to Dean’s allergies. Kids were firmly off the menu, but they did do their best with Jack, showing him how to live in their liminal space between humanity and the Supernatural. As long as he found happiness, they didn’t really mind what Jack chose to do, but of course he joined them in the Family Business. Dean only wore sweaters when a case required them, but Cas favored them on cold winter days in the bunker, especially ugly ones he found at the local thrift shop. Vacations were hard to come by, between their lifestyle and Dean’s phobia of flying, but they did manage to travel quite a bit and steal plenty of pleasant moments of relaxation between hunts. As for holding hands, they did that plenty.
Also, it’s like the chapter where Scrooge sees what happens when he dies so, like, major character death? But the good news is, it’s short and it’s temporary (’cause it’s like a dream/vision) and the happy stuff is coming up next! That said, I probably didn’t catch all possible warnings in this series. Proceed with caution. On with the story!
Dean’s cheeks burned, closing out of the messaging app and his game. He tossed his phone down among the bed’s soft pillows and stomped out the door, in search of Cas. Or a drink. Maybe both. Both was good.
So, guess which 10% of the story I hadn't written when I began posting? We're getting there, but it may be stop-and-go as I figure out what I want to do with all the outstanding story threads here. I promise I won't abandon this WIP!
Dean just nodded. Once the door was closed behind him, he whirled on Mia. “So, how’re things since we ganked Buddy?”
, a graceless, fallen angel on the cusp of death, need
Dean swallows and asks “Show me?” in a tight voice that makes Cas’ breath catch in his throat.
“I told you not to mention that stupid pagan rip-off fake commercial holiday to me,” Cas said haughtily. His words were harsh but there was no fire behind them. In fact, he seemed to regard Vernon with something approaching affection, taking in his long, bowed legs and lightly freckled cheeks in a weighty stare. Cas didn’t seem embarrassed at his erect cock sticking out of his jeans.
Cas’ question interrupted Dean’s thoughts.
Sam’s eyebrows shoot into his hairline. He presses his lips into a thin line and looks away from Cas before replying. “Yeah, I, uh, saw it.” Sam doesn’t elaborate. Cas isn’t sure how to ask what he wants to know.
Cas widens his eyes, leans in to Dean. Conspiratorial. “Well, it is pretty late.” he replies.
-----------------------------------
“Okay.” Sam clapped him on the shoulder. “Thanks, Dean.”
, he thought. “So you’re Bobby’s first messenger?” he asked.
Sam’s thoughts were so distant that he struggled to identify what was wrong. Odie’s hands were frozen halfway through the last binding on his arm. The room was cool, much too cold for a Belize evening. The air crackled with the potential energy Sam associated with ghosts. Odie’s thighs were tense and tight around his legs. Sam saw her hand reach past his head toward her bedside table, where salt sat in an open bowl. “Sam?” Odie’s voice whispered in his ear, her breath frosting in the air between their faces.
--------------------------------
Cas sat on the floor beside him. He put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I knew, Dean.” he said. “I always knew.”
Dean nods. “Oh,” he repeats. Dean still hasn’t made any move to get off his bed or any other movement towards actually getting this tattoo process started. Cas is a bit confused. He had thought his request would explain to Dean that his feelings are reciprocated. Perhaps Dean is more resistant to a relationship with him than he even fears. For the first time, Cas feels the silence between them becoming uncomfortable instead of intimate. Dean wets his lips quickly, then asks “so, uh, what are you gonna get?”
By the time he yanked Dean above the surface of the water, sputtering and choking underneath the open sky, Dean’s head was relatively clear. Without the incessant buzz of the whatever magic they had been weaving behind the waterfall, Dean felt embarrassed and needy. He scrubbed a hand over his eyes to dislodge water and tears prickling there, tension building between his eyes and at the back of his throat.
. The word ricocheted around inside his head, fresh from his encounter with Jo and his trip down memory lane. “I, uh, really” Dean took a breath. “Missed you, Charlie,” he finished haltingly.
“I left my phone in my room” Cas explains, aware of the context of Dean’s jibe as well as his own stab at deliberately too-literal humor. If Dean’s going to ‘give him shit’ about looking, Cas can reciprocate.
“Mama?” Odie asked, the single word quavering.
Dean crosses his arms across his chest. “Yeah. Yeah, it’s fine.” Dean’s grinning like a jack-o-lantern, all teeth and hollow eyes.
“Thanks, man,” Sam said quietly, and caught Dean’s hand with one of his own. He fixed Dean with those soulful eyes that Dean could never refuse. “Seriously,” he added, with an intense look. “I hope she helps you, too.”
to see so clearly.” He shifts his aim to Cas. “You, you’re harder to read. Probably, like everyone, afraid of what would happen if you accepted yourself for who you really are and retreated back to the safety of-“
Dean swallowed. “Yeah. Ghost of Christmas present, right?” She nodded and they hit solid ground, Atreyu smoothly trotting to a stop in front of the bunker door.
. Sam, Jack, and Dean stood by a pyre. Dean’s face etched with nothing less than grief. He looked utterly and completely lost. It took his breath away to behold it.
A big fucking white horse stood outside his window. Atop it, resplendent in velvet green Renaissance-style gowns, sat Charlie Bradbury, her auburn hair long again and styled with a circlet crown of twisted gold. She haughtily peered down at Dean. “Hop on, Handmaiden,” she ordered, tacking a crooked smile on at the end.
Cas met Dean in the yoga studio for the partners massage session. He thought there must be something to the case in everyone’s insistence they try it. If it allowed Cas to touch Dean, if that thought thrilled Cas to his very core, well, that was irrelevant to the mission.
So here he was, with his real brother and his fake boyfriend, rolling down the runway, ridges jarring his bones like any backwoods country washboard road. It was sweet, blessed relief to be on the ground again. Sam was to be picked up by his mysterious online hunter contact, Odie, in the nearby city of Hopkins City, population about 1,500. Dean and Cas were being picked up by a local resort van to deliver them to their retreat, geared towards couples experiencing relationship problems.
“Oh, no, no, no. We, we can’t.” Cas pulls his out of Gabriel’s reach. His look to Dean a warning of sorts.
Cas studied him for a moment. Cas’ instincts had guided him to be gentle with Dean, so as not to startle him into retreat. Now Cas realized this was the wrong stratagem for the human hunter.
Cas can’t help himself. “When did you get a tattoo?” he asks. Dean startles a little; follows Cas’ gaze to his shoulder. He covers it with his robe quickly, cinching the belt firmly. Cas can see a faint flush rise in Dean’s cheeks.
Dean looks sideways at Cas. “I mean, do do you want to stay?”
And so Dean was screwed because of course he was gonna go. Whatever bickering song-and-dance went on from there on out, it ended up with him here on the couch, babysitting the son of Satan while his brother got his kumbayayas out with a shifter therapist. Dean drummed his fingers on the couch cushion with the arm stretched out behind Jack, who startled, then relaxed. He seemed to be getting more comfortable with Dean since the hunt. Sam had been right about that one, at least for now.
Dean grasped the back of his neck with the hand that had pulled Cas in for the lip-lock. “Uh,” he stared at his shuffling feet for a moment before peeking at Sam, face burning.
Jack was stringing popcorn with an intensity and focus Dean associated with Cas. Dean noticed the needle in use had been liberated from their medical stash, probably last used to give someone stitches. Jack’s tongue was sticking out slightly as he aimed the needle toward the center of a kernel. Dean’s chest tightened in that predictable way when he thought about the nephilim and his relationship with his chosen father.
Dean cuts him off before he can continue, rushing closer. “Oh, no, don’t, I mean, he’s so drunk.”
Dean returned it with one of his own, a genuine one. “Yeah, yeah,” he groused. “C’mon, Sammy. I’m hungry. Let’s grab some more of those hot dogs.” Jack’s eyes lit up at that. The kid liked to eat, Dean would give him that. Jack hurried ahead to the Impala.
“-an asshole.” grounds out Cas next to him.
Sam stayed silent, giving her the space to continue. He tried his best to make his body less big, less overwhelming, less threatening. For the millionth time, he wished he wasn’t such a moose.
The air lies thick and hot with humiliation.
Dean closed his eyes as Castiel continued his very vocal response to Kelsi’s massage. The situation was getting quickly out of hand for Dean, who had always found Cas’ rumbly growl appealing. The problem was, not only was Cas moaning completely un-self-consciously in a way that could only be construed as pleasurable, he was…surprisingly verbal. Cas was not shy about using his big boy words to tell Kelsi exactly what he did and didn’t like, and how much he liked it. “Right there, Kelsi.” “Just a bit harder, please.” “That’s perfect, oh yeah.” All completely innocently, of course. Dean was the one perving on the talk, imagining Cas giving him that kind of direction and detailed feedback in response to Dean’s touch. It was hot as hell, and Dean shifted to relieve the pressure on his now uncomfortable groin. Before things went too far south, his overactive imagination was interrupted by Kelsi.
Cas continues. “Dean says he got the tattoo to ‘remember me by.’” Cas doesn’t use the air quotes but thinks them, nonetheless. “But I noticed the other day when you changed into a clean shirt at the motel that you did not have one.” Cas tilts his head. “At least not in a location visible on your torso.” Sam makes a noise halfway between choking and coughing, but Cas persists. “So I was wondering why Dean would memorialize me in this manner but you wouldn’t.” Cas waits patiently for the response.
Dean felt Charlie’s elbow jostle his side again. “Aw. That was cute.” Charlie’s words held real affection. Dean gazed at Cas, who in turn was beaming at Jack, hanging up grody old socks for Santa. “You’re in his heart!” she practically squee-d, smacking his arm. Dean blushed furiously and looked away.
Dean relaxed into his chair, folding his arms. At least he knew he was completely, 100% true-blue friend to Cas. No problems there.
“That was a waste of time,” said a woman, shrugging out of a ankle-length down coat. She unwrapped the scarf covering her face and head and shook out her brown braids. She looked Cas up and down scathingly. “I see Vernon’s still not back.” Cas narrowed his eyes at her. She returned his glare and anted up an eyebrow raise of her own. “Heaven’s all abuzz,” she continued in a breathy tone that reminded Dean uncomfortably of Meg. “Seems Jack’s been busting heads among the grey suits, working his way up the ladder.”
“Cas?” Dean asked softly, withdrawing his hand slowly as soon as Cas turned to look at him. “Are you okay?” Dean tried to give him a reassuring smile as he sat up slowly, reaching for his nightstand to pick up a glass of water.
trying it out in the morning.”
“Me too,” Castiel replied, returning the smile as he pulled the throw blanket off the back of the couch and covered them up. “We’re in luck, it just started.”
Beware the woman dressed in black,
“Why yes, I am.” Dean smirked over his shoulder as he continued to ladle out two large bowls of chili. “What gave it away?”
me, I made these damn brownies so I have every right to eat them!”
Sam turned sideways in his seat and smirked back at Gabe. “Get all those nicknames out while you can, because after tonight you won’t be able to use them no more.”
“Perfect! We’ll stay there too.” Ketch slipped a
Lucifer looked up and met Ellen Singer’s gaze for a moment before shaking his head. “No, ma’am, we’re okay with sharing a room.”
“Not as good as you,” Castiel panted as he slipped his fingers free and rolled over onto his stomach, shifting up on his hands and knees. The omega spread his legs wide and smirked over his shoulder at Dean. A soft whimper escaped Dean’s lips as he took in the sight of his omega presenting for him. “Dean,” the omega keened as he wiggled his ass, “what are you waiting for?”
“Thanks.” Dean winked and snached the container up. The Alpha took a few bites, eating slower this time as he watched Cas sip his coffee. “So,” Dean started as he ran his fork through the pile of whipped cream, “tomorrow's Christmas Eve… Do you have any plans?”
“Alright.” Dr. Hudson clicked the button on the blacklight, turning it on. “Now come here, Agent Plant.” Dean crossed the room and stood shoulder to shoulder with Castiel.
As Castiel turned, out of the corner of his eye he saw the frozen weapon coming towards him. The Omega dropped to a crouch, and with the same amount of stealth he quickly made his own snowball and launched it at Dean.
The spirit let out a hollow laugh, closing his eyes tightly. “Except I didn’t die, not completely anyway.”
The Omega’s eyes slid to an open bottle of wine at the end of the island. He picked it up and quirked a brow at Dean in a questioning manner. The Alpha nodded, taking a deep breath to try and calm his inner Alpha as he reminded himself this is what his Omega wanted; he wanted them to get to know each other better before Dean claimed him. So Dean could damn well keep his inner Alpha at bay long enough to make Castiel comfortable in his decision to become Dean’s Omega.
“No.” Castiel shook his head, smiling. They hadn’t celebrated birthdays back at the compound, it had been considered a selfish sin to spend a day celebrating one's self. But Gabriel had always remembered Castiel’s ‘special day’, as the Omega had called it, and he had always done something memorable for him. Castiel would never forget the gift he had received from him for his 15th birthday. Gabriel had broken into the green house and made Castiel the most beautiful crown of roses he’s ever seen.
“You, my dear Sammykins,” Gabriel began as he reached in his pocket and pulled out a pocket knife. He tossed it to the other alpha and continued, “are going to carve your name into The Lost Souls Tree.”
making out!” Dean argued, flinching back as Ellen shot a hand out at him, pointing her finger at his face to tell him to shut up.
Dean opened his mouth to retort, but Castiel placed his hand on his alpha’s knee as he spoke, “Let them finish. Go on, Sam.”
had it!”
“Damn,” Dean let out a loud whistle as he stepped through the front door. “Not bad for a place that’s a hundred plus years old.”
“Nope,” Gabe cut in cheerily. “We are traveling via angel express tonight!”
“Well, this is much better,” he said, hoping he didn’t look guilty as Castiel looked back over his shoulder. “Would you like help weeding?”
“We’re going into some remote land between the river and the national forest. It’s owned by an absentee landlord, so no one will find it here.” Odie pulled on her pack and Sam slung the corpse over his shoulders. Sam wondered if he should worry about how blase he had gotten dealing with corpses.
Gabe’s tone’s wistful. “Oh. Heaven. We like Heaven.”
Didn’t I, my dear?
“No,” said a large man with numerous chins. “I don’t know much about it, either. I just know he’s dead.”
“Yeah, Sam worries too much.” He raised his chin. “I just want you to know, I’m only here for him. Before you go…” he waved his hand indistinctly “doing your thing, you should know: I don’t need you to.” Dean continued, pacing. “I already made my peace with Mom.”
“I just, uh, I, I just wanted to say that-” Cas nervously begins.
“Welcome to group therapy,” cooed Dr. Lea, her entire look the ‘sexy librarian’ of porno fantasies. Dark reading glasses, dark brown hair pulled into a french twist, suit with a skirt and a silk chemise underneath. Dean quirked an eyebrow at Cas, but Cas just looked back at him, nonplussed. Of course, Cas didn’t get it. Dean guessed the pizza man never delivered to the library.
I couldn't decide if this was three short chapters, or one mega-chapter, and it was a transition so it really fought me. You get a mega chapter that really puts the Unresolved and Slow in the UST and Slow Burn. I swear there is smut coming. The boys just really needed some character movement before heading into the next act, which is Angsty as Fuck, y'all.
“That’s right, sweetheart” Jo replied, her eyes twinkling with mischief. “I’m the Ghost of Christmas Past.” She spread her arms wide. She always had a flair for the dramatic, Dean reflected.
She scoffed at him. “Ah, that’s me, what did you think?” When Sam just regarded her stupidly for a minute she laughed. “It’s short for Melodie. Is this going to be a problem?” She raised an eyebrow at him in challenge.
Dean barely had time to glance at the agenda before rolling onto the bed and falling asleep, fully dressed on top of the covers. The Xanax had apparently taken stronger hold than he had been aware. When he awoke at a positively disrespectful hour, the blankets were disturbed next to him, but Cas wasn’t in the bed. Which was weird because Cas usually had to be pried from bed with a tire-iron.
“Goddamnit, Sammy! You don’t understand the first fucking thing about me! I don’t want to go anywhere or do anything else. I want my only family in this godforsaken world to stay with me and do the only job I’ve ever been good for my whole miserable life! The only person who wants this is you, so don’t try to convince yourself you’re doing me some sort of favor.” Dean pushed past Sam, throwing the taller man’s hand off his shoulder as he headed for the stairs.
She whispered a command for Atreyu to come out of Warp and they descended. “You know the drill here, right?” Dean loved that about Charlie. She never acted like he was dumb. And she was almost as allergic to chick flick moments as he was.
Billie shook her head slowly. “I didn’t do this to him, Dean. You did.”
Cas looked at him earnestly. “I talked to Sam. If even a fraction of what he told me was true, I knew, Dean.”
They arrived in Dean’s recent memory. It was the hunt gone wrong with Cas last month. The moment he had fucked it all up and the reason he was running right now, in fact. They were in a motel room. Tipsy past-Dean had a hand on the door just above Cas’ shoulder. Cas was standing close (of course) and breathing heavily.
“Hey, Cas” Dean returned quietly. He wasn’t scared. He wasn’t. He was just feeling…careful. He hadn’t really thought this out. In the car he tried running through a few speeches but they all sounded too much like his usual bullshit or something out of a cheesy rom-com. Actions, not words, he thought. Okay.
This was the chapter that I wrote first, and basically wrote the entire rest of the fic around. Is it too out of character for either Cas or Dean?
Dean felt his chest constrict with a familiar yet unwanted feeling he got whenever Jack was guileless and earnest. It reminded Dean a bit too much of his favorite angel, Cas. That wasn’t a reminder he wanted or needed right now. Instead of following his impulse to slap the kid on the back in congratulations, Dean shoved out his chair and grabbed his empty beer bottle.
for him to find out where you are.” she added, not at all sounding sorry about that prospect.
“No shit, Sherlock.” Again, Charlie threw his words back at him. “Why do you think I’m doing this for Bobby? We’re trying to get through to you, bitch.” She rolled her eyes dramatically, re-covering the shrunken nightmare figures below her skirts.
Dean crumpled onto the floor, holding his head in his hands. “I’m so stupid. I never told you…” he ran a hand over his face. “…what you meant to me. And now you’re gone, and you’ll never know.”
Cas knew Dean thought him incapable of interacting with other humans without committing serious faux pas. But Cas had learned much over his years of close contact with the Winchesters, and felt proud of his progress. He had come a long way from his first case. Cas remembered with chagrin how he calmly informed local law enforcement about the existence of angels and demons.
“Okay.” Dean clears his throat. “Uh, could I use the sofa?” he asks Gabriel, all fake casual. He steeples his fingers in front of him.
Jo had indeed pressed fast-forward as he was zapped to a sunlit parking lot behind the Pirate Pete’s. Dean took in his past self’s defeated body language, shoulders hunched. “And now you’re gonna bring him back.” he heard himself utter in prayer. Dean’s mouth fell open. He hadn’t been consciously aware of saying those words. Had been sure he had said “them.”
Lying face up seemed to elicit fewer vocalizations from Cas, and between that thankful respite and mentally cataloguing every gross monster Dean had ever faced, he was soon ready to flip over, and told Brian so. The massage therapist situated Dean so that his arms were on top of the sheet and stood above Dean’s head. Brian massaged Dean’s scalp and head, face, and neck, until Dean felt himself floating softly on a cloud of nonsexual physical pleasure.
Cas pushed aside his disappointment and draped his napkin across his lap while Dean launched into a litany of caustic comments about the menu. It included foods that were both foreign to Dean and rather elegant in their ingredients and presentation, so of course Dean was threatened by and dismissive of them, making predictable demands for a burger.
Then there was the fact that all the missing couples had been participating in a couple’s retreat at a resort in a remote area of Belize, a small Central American country bordering Guatemala on one side, and the Caribbean Ocean on the other.
Dean grinned. “Yeah, Cas, I promise.” He stretched his arms above his head. Cas wordlessly unbuckled Dean’s belt from the hunter’s waist and looped it a few times around his joined wrists. Cas checked the belt around his wrists carefully, then pinned Dean with an enquiring look. “Still okay?”
“Yeah,” Dean nodded. “Sam and I actually worked a case here about ten years back.” He blinked and somehow they were in the living room. He would have been more panicked but time travel had kind of becoming routine for him. Nevertheless, he was still amazed, taking in all the detail his memory had forgotten over the years. An afghan of multicolored granny squares adorned the avocado green and harvest gold plaid couch. A modest tree, draped with tinsel, stood by the window. Dean’s eyes fell to the carnage of empty boxes and wrapping paper under it.
“I’m fine, Cas, just leave me alone,” Dean snarled, pushing Cas’ hand away, ignoring Cas’ drawn brows, pursed lips.
“Aren’t you going to put those on the grill?”
“I agree.”
In which Dean and Cas get a couples’ massage and Dean opens his heart chakra. Or, the author tried to write slow burn UST and it turned into angst #sorrynotsorry
Odie gave a weird half shrug. “Yes. And no.” I’ve hunted all of those, but what we get here is a little different. After all, our folklore and indigenous gods are different than what you find in middle America.”
But Cas just rolled with it. A steady presence at Dean’s side, Cas never pushed, never forced. Just let Dean gravitate towards him, inevitable as the flow of water over stone. In the end, they never really discussed anything further than what they had said at the waterfall. Dean would normally be panicking without further assurances he hadn’t gotten too far over his skis, but Cas was so immovable and certain in his affection that Dean never thought to question it.
Cas dropped to his knees at Dean’s feet and gingerly removed Dean’s boots one at a time. Dean tried to drop the dead weight but Cas stopped him with a single raised eyebrow. “Not yet.” Ducking under the mirror, he stared up at Dean through dark lashes. “You watch the mirror--not me.” His tone brooked no argument.
“Your history didn’t leave a plethora of choices. We had to make do with what we had.” Jo shot back, defensively.
“Now, you will create an energy circuit with your partner by placing your left palm up and your right palm down. Your partner will do the same, so your palms are touching one another. Dean confusedly tried to figure out these verbal instructions, fumbling hands with Cas for a couple of moments until Cas deliberately grabbed Dean’s wrist and took Dean’s right hand in his, uncurling Dean’s fingers, and placed it, face-down on Cas’ open left palm. Then Cas took Dean’s left hand in his right, avoiding Dean’s eyes. He placed Dean’s left hand firmly up, and covered it with his own right palm. Cas looked up at Dean’s eyes and said “there we go,” and smiled minutely.
Sam and Odie work the case and Sam brings up a sore spot...or two.
-here. He was in hunter mode, alert for danger. So he wasn’t startled when a figure shambled into the room. It was Cas, but not as Dean had ever known or seen him. The closest approximation Dean could think of was the future vision of 2014 Castiel he had seen at Camp Chitaqua. This Cas wasn’t all crystals and hemp-oil and linen, though. He was bearded, with long hair, and dressed in ratty jeans with a dirty t-shirt. He clutched a bottle of tequila in one hand and twirled a knife in the other. His eyes were unfocused, restless, and he looked around the room a bit as if searching for something before flopping into an orange corduroy recliner.
“Point is,” She finally turned her deep brown eyes to Sam. “They had a lot of enemies. They both got sick eventually. One day they both disappeared. I never saw them again. Did they get kidnapped? Murdered? Or just abandon me?”
Dean leaned over to Cas and whispered, “Dude, I have no idea what she just said.” and smirked. Cas just gazed disapprovingly at Dean.
“No.” Sam shakes his head side to side, making his long hair sway. “You know what? I’m done with this.” Sam slams the lid of the laptop closed. “Cas, you’re a nice guy, and I like you, really I do, but I’ve had enough of your shit.”
Like the topic of Cas’ death, Cas senses this topic is extremely sensitive for Dean. He reviews what he knows so far about it, approaching it as if it were a case. One: Dean got a tattoo while Cas was dead. Two: Sam says Dean was very upset when Cas died. Three: the tattoo appears to be a memorial of some kind to Cas, specifically. Four: Dean is very defensive of his need to memorialize Cas in this manner.
Smack in the middle of the mangroves was an honest-to-God treehouse. There were at least three levels he could identify. The bottom two were open at the sides and the third was enclosed like a cabin. A small crowd was visible on the first floor. Sam hitched the dead weight up his shoulders and gave Odie a curious glance.
Dean shook his head to himself in exasperation. Way to keep it cool, Dean. He settled his face into the weird circular pillow, staring down at the floor. A few seconds later a knock came at the door. “Come in,” called Cas, seemingly more at ease than Dean. Well, Cas doesn’t get as self-conscious as the rest of us wretched humans, Dean thought, goodie for him. Just a normal day on the job, being a hunter, right? Pretending to be a strained couple getting some much-needed relaxation by getting their nude bodies rubbed down by a couple of strangers. Perfectly normal. For one hysterical moment, Dean wondered who in their right mind had originally conceived of the ‘Couples Massage.’ If he ever met them, they would have Words, Dean thought.
