“Yeah, my brothers and their wives and kids. And my dad in the center of everything, of course. The Sun we all revolve around.” He passed his phone to Dean. “We don’t all get together for Christmas very often. Like I said, it’s usually only once a year that we see each other. For my father’s birthday.”
“What a lovely little piece of the world you have. I already think I’m going to find it hard to leave.”
He tilted his head again. “I’m in perfect health. Is something wrong with the body you see before you?”
“Just thinking. The last time we were sitting on this couch, talking about Cass, I was trying to convince you that a little flirting didn’t mean anything. And now look at you guys.”
“You said we need to piss it off. It likes its peace and quiet more than anything, right? Can’t think of a better way to get it to boot us out of here than if we start waking up the neighbors.” Dean traced his fingers along Castiel’s inner thigh, stopping a few inches short of his goal. “You got a better idea?”
Dean rolls his eyes, though he can’t resist a small smile. This is what being in a long-term relationship is like, then: pausing in the middle of sex to have existential conversations and work out petty disagreements.
“Well, it’s Chuck’s writing.” Castiel rolled his eyes, and just seeing that familiar grumpy gesture from him calmed Dean’s nerves. “You didn’t beat him, at least not when you thought. He’s God. He’s omniscient. Subterfuge doesn’t work against him. Everything you’ve been living through is his writing.” Castiel hesitated. “Everything except you and me.”
Dean and Castiel glanced at each other. It was Sunday evening, and a suntanned, shorts-wearing Sam was peering at them owlishly from the other side of the kitchen island.
Castiel nodded, then left for the bathroom. Dean hadn’t been lying. He was almost looking forward to seeing Meg’s smug face. After the day he’d had with Castiel yesterday, he definitely felt like he’d gotten one over on her. Maybe he’d drop a few hints about it and keep her off balance.
A thick fuchsia tentacle emerged from between Castiel’s wings. It bobbed around for a bit, glistening in the laboratory’s soft light, before snaking up to Dean.
“I know it’s selfish,” he said. “I know it’s selfish to think about myself when people are dying. But our wedding. How….” He grabbed fistfuls of Dean’s jacket. “We can’t now, can we?”
The parking lot that hosted the weekly farmer’s market was deserted when they arrived. Tiny nubs of colored tape, squashed produce, and other detritus littered the ground, pale under the pre-dawn sky.
They dug in; the curry was as delicious as it smelled. Dean even liked the tofu and the salad. They weren’t strict vegetarians, Castiel said, but he tried to buy meat only seldom because of the environmental impact.
“Jack replied with a snowman emoji.” Castiel turned to him. “Do you think we’ll have a white Christmas?”
Castiel shuddered against him. His only response was a slight motion of his chin, a grasping of his hand on Dean’s back. Sam twitched at the other side of the hallway, somehow looking both pleased and distressed.
“I don’t mind washing with your used bathwater, sire. It doesn’t look that cloudy.” Dean sighed and started rubbing under his armpits. “Although, I suppose it wasn’t a proper bath. We’ll probably have to wait until we get to a larger town for that. Mount Lebanon has wonderful public baths, though my brother also has a tub in his home if you’d prefer a private one.”
Dean finished assembling the line of Tupperwares on the kitchen island. His shoulder and hip brushed into Castiel when he reached for the dish of minted peas.
Within Castiel’s first two words the next day, Dean could tell that something was wrong. His voice was heavy and strained, as if every syllable were a burden.
Dean grunted and shook his head. All of a sudden, he wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist—loose, delicate, so that Castiel could shake him off and return to his own space if he wanted. Instead, Castiel stopped running. He brought his arms around Dean’s shoulders, laughed at how he’d embarrassed himself, let Dean pull him in a little closer.
For a few seconds, the only sound was the droning of the bees in the herb garden and the gentle tinkling of the wind chimes.
“I don’t know.” Dean shrugged again. “Somewhere with a beach. Toes in the sand, a couple of those little umbrella drinks. Matching Hawaiian shirts, obviously. Some hula girls.”
Friday morning was the best event of the entire festival: the apple pie baking contest at Fortuna Orchards.
“Cass has that effect on people. Whether they like it or not.” Kelly looked at him. “Wait, you drove all the way to DC for that protest? No wonder he liked you right off the bat.”
“All that’s left is the part where you tell me you love me.” Dean breathed into his neck. “Go ahead. I’m ready to accept it. Ready to believe it.”
Then it turned in his direction, and its eyes—wider set and more bulbous than any human’s—glowed bright green.
“I guess people like Christmas,” Castiel said, with characteristic understatement. It was December 14
The preparation was quick, but the casserole had to go into the oven for an hour and a half. Sam poured them glasses of the syrah he’d brought, which they took to the living room. They stood at the door to the deck, talking about the farm and the effects the rain would have on the fruits and flowers. Sam asked his monthly question about how things were going and whether Dean needed help with anything, and Dean did his monthly shooting-down. Castiel watched it all intently.
Dean waved over his shoulder. Once he got to Garth and finished handing him the bags, he finally took a deep breath.
“Where were you last night?” Dean scratched Crowley’s side, closed the news, and brought up his cooking blog. “Hard at work catching mice, I hope—”
’s own writers to make their scripts coherent and to backfill exposition. The earliest episode that relies on it as a central premise is “Dark Side of the Moon,” where Joshua reveals that the Winchesters are not, in fact, improbably lucky in an incredibly dangerous line of work, but die regularly and are then revived by the Host of Heaven under God’s orders. Neither they nor the viewers had been made aware of this. Notably, this is Kripke-era SPN, which makes it especially “hard” canon. A much more recent example—and probably a more germane one to many fix-its—is the revival of Castiel from the Empty by Jack. Not depicted onscreen, not conclusively observable in the 15x20 world, but canonical, nonetheless.
They ate for a while, restricting their comments to the food until Dean had tried each of the dishes. Eventually, they slipped into an easy quiet, and Dean decided to return the conversation to its previous topic.
“Really?” Jack looked him up and down. “You didn’t seem too interested in all the politics stuff he was saying the other day.”
“Somewhere with a beach?” Dean said. “I want to spend all day drinking by the ocean, and all night…you know. Making the beast with two backs.”
Dean spent the late afternoon and evening cleaning the house. He vacuumed the first and second floors but didn’t bother with the third, which was a single huge attic that the last three generations of Winchesters had relegated to storage space. He dusted the oak bookshelves, the mahogany tables and cabinets. He scrubbed the three bathrooms and the mudroom. He opened all the French doors to the deck to air out the house. It was still early enough in the year to not have to worry too much about bugs.
“No pressure.” Dean traded the farro for a bowl of chopped cauliflower. “And the other dish we’re making is cauliflower gratin. We’re kind of coming to the tail end of cold weather for the year, so it’s the last hurrah for all those rich, heavy, cheesy casseroles that’re so satisfying in the winter. You can feel a little bit better about this one, maybe, since it’s cauliflower and not potatoes or pasta.”
Rowena waved lazily, and then she was gone. Sam turned back to Dean and Castiel, who hadn’t moved from their spot on the pavement. They didn’t seem to have noticed the visit by the Queen of Hell, nor would they have cared much, wholly absorbed in each other as they were. Sam took a few steps forward and cleared his throat loudly.
Castiel turned back to the window. A few seconds of thick silence passed before Dean uttered thanks for the room and shut the door.
“Awesome. Alright, I’ll get started on this.” Dean snorted. “I didn’t even know we had some of this stuff. ‘Potted Orchid, Purple, 9-inch.’ I guess that’d be in the floral department?”
Dean shifted his weight from leg to leg, smoothed his palm over his stubble. He glanced around the brightly lit war room. Hearing Castiel say all these things was hard. It was one of the hardest moments of his life, hearing all this truth and love from the person who knew him like no one else. And if that wasn’t a commentary on how broken he was, nothing would be.
Dean wonders why the man’s touch felt so good. Why it felt so different from the way that creepy perv’s hands felt. He’s already starting to forget that guy’s face, his smell. Not like he wants to remember it, but it’s a little odd that the memory’s fading away so soon.
“I call a spade a spade. A gay a gay. A bi a bi. A lie a lie. Speaking of which, you know what you have to do now, right?”
“And then Meg comes along and cuts into the bromance.” Charlie gestured to the dais, where Meg was whooping like a hyena at Castiel’s attempt to dance to “Hips Don’t Lie.”
The creature returned the books to Castiel’s briefcase. He slung it over his shoulder as they got out of the car.
He demonstrated what he meant as Boy George crooned about a “red, gold, and green” love, the kind that only appeared in dreams. To his dismay, Dean copied his moves.
“A lot of our neighbors need help, Dean. And we can help them.” Castiel clicked at his laptop. “You were telling me a few months back how people don’t realize how much food actually gets wasted on a farm. Discarded because it doesn’t meet distributor guidelines or consumer standards, or left to wither and rot because there aren’t enough workers, or missed because of inefficient harvesting practices, or other reasons.”
Their voices faded down the house’s middle. The silence in the living room extended on and on, to the point that Dean felt self-conscious about even breathing.
“I used to see him more often. When I still lived up here. I wish….” Castiel waved in the gap between them, dismissing the thought.
“Or maybe it’s actually a girl and he threw out Eliot as an excuse. Or it’s really Eliot and they’re…you know. Or it’s just nothing. I wouldn’t read too much into it.”
Sam burst out laughing, then turned to Dean. "She says she's concerned every time Trump does something crazy. That's why—"
“Indianapolis?” Dean stabs an egg yolk, and the yellow runs all over. “Dad left us here one year, few weeks in November.”
Dean finishes untying his second boot. He pulls it off and sets it beside the first one. In all the months he’s known him, tonight’s the first time Benny’s seen him relax enough to take his shoes off.
“There’s no upside to that, is there? Either I do well and upstage Yuri, or I bomb. Neither sounds particularly appealing.”
“Well, up to you.” Dean leaned down into the stretch and grimaced. “You’ve got your shit to take care of, so do I. We’ll make it work.”
“I asked Bartholomew for an exception to my spendthrift clause for this. He won’t grant it. I want you to overrule him.”
“This body and face have proportions that are pleasing to humans. They perceive it as attractive, but not to the degree that it provokes in them envy or unease. It appears friendly and approachable.”
As for the farm—well, that should’ve been the easy part. The only thing to do was buck up, walk into the bank for his meeting, and make his case. No deep deliberation required. So why was Dean leaning against Baby in the parking lot, staring down at his crossed arms, watching the time until his appointment tick away on his watch?
“His family goes back a few hundred years in Winchester,” Castiel added. “We’re in the middle of getting his home historically listed. It’s a fascinating process.”
“Yeah, well. You better. Because you’ve also got that ‘reformed fuckboy’ look. If you don’t mind me saying.”
“If you like.” Castiel pulled the sheets further up his chest. “Let’s sleep now. You need the rest for tomorrow. I don’t want you dropping any of the beehives.”
They approached one of the gray plastic tilt trucks piled high with discarded bits of the barn’s interior. At the top of the jumble was a bent length of rebar, detached now from its load-bearing pillar.
“I make my cocktails pretty strong, too.” Dean held up a forkful of cake, and Castiel opened his mouth. “Something tells me she could drink me under the table.”
He stepped around the bar and walked out of the kitchen before Dean could reply. Dean watched as he took a seat on the couch beside Sam, trying a chip from the bowl when Sam offered. Castiel nodded to some question, Sam glanced over his shoulder into the kitchen, and Dean found himself hiding behind the refrigerator door, staring at the rows of beer bottles as if they held the answers he was seeking.
Once the onions have finished sweating, add the rice and 1 teaspoon salt; stir well. Raise the heat to medium and cook the rice, stirring constantly, until the grains are translucent, about 3-5 minutes. Add the white wine and cook, stirring regularly, until the wine evaporates.
Sam strolled off obediently, and Dean got to work. He washed and cut the potatoes and set them on paper towels to dry. He submerged the morels he’d picked up at the farmer’s market in water, shaking loose any dirt or small insects lodged within their pits and ridges. He walked out to the herb garden and tore off big fistfuls of spearmint and tarragon. When Sam walked back into the kitchen, still toweling off his hair, Dean had just put the finishing touches on his mise en place.
“He knows.” Dean turned to Castiel. “Um, Cass and I are together. He’s living with me at Bunker Hill. Er, the farm.”
“I ordinarily wouldn’t behave in such a mercenary fashion,” Dean said, his face flushing. “Usually, the money from the contract is enough. But if this will help me take care of you….”
“You remembered the hot water in the shower. And the nudist window. Even though you haven’t used that bathroom in months.”
“You’ve got a whole D&D backstory and everything,” Dean said. “Crazy thing is, it almost seems like you actually believe all this.”
“Dean, you amaze me every day. Every day, I go to bed next to the most caring man on Earth. The most loving human being I’ll ever know. I still haven’t quite gotten used to that, but—” Castiel paused to dry his eyes. “Maybe you’ll give me the chance to.”
“Let’s, uh—” Dean motioned to the other end of the yard, past the gate and road. “Let’s go that way next.”
“I’m sorry about that. I wasn’t intending to penetrate you then. I just wanted to feel the outside.”
“It’s a thing we did growing up,” Sam explained. “Dean and I would wrestle when we were pissed at each other and needed to get it out of our system. Not really fair, since he was always bigger.”
Charlie furrowed her brow; the arrival of their food gave her a few extra seconds to come up with her reply. Dean would’ve jumped in to clarify things—to the extent that he had any clarity to offer on this subject, at least—but he was too busy stuffing his face with a mouthful of sweet potato donut.
“I’m not the one trying to trap a pretty butterfly in my web of sweet, sweet honey,” Sam shot back. “Huh, that was about three different metaphors.”
“Of course not. I mean, sure, I was a little surprised. I think I’m still kind of surprised, honestly. But it’s not a big deal. It doesn’t change anything, you know, between us. I told him, I won’t treat him any differently.”
As soon as they got through their door, Dean’s hand was creeping up the small of his back. His thumb dug into the valley of Castiel’s spine, pointing him in the direction of their beds.
“Well, I hope you’re not disappointed.” Castiel produced a bottle of wine from the depths of his closet. “It’s just our normal tradition.”
Zachariah muttered some disgruntlement as Castiel showed him out and closed the office door. He returned to his desk and brought up Dean’s face again.
They’re cuddling, but Dean feels strangely distant from Castiel in this moment. He doesn’t know why he’s so crap at getting the angel stuff right. He’s known Castiel for 13 years and they’ve been best friends for most of that time. Sure, they’ve only been a couple for a few months, but Dean’s always been this way—uniquely bad at understanding Castiel as an angel, instead of simply as his friend and now boyfriend. When Castiel confessed his feelings for him, Dean wasn’t even completely sure he meant it the way he meant it. He thought love might mean something other than sex and romance to an angel, and maybe he was a little in denial about himself as well.
“Oh no.” Castiel hurried over and placed Dean’s pizza box on his lap. “Were you scared? I’m sorry, I didn’t think. I don’t think he saw you. I didn’t open the door enough for him to see into the living room.”
“Doesn’t mean I think he was all bad. Doesn’t mean I think he was a terrible person.” Dean cleared his throat. “Doesn’t mean I don’t miss him every once in a while.”
“Next door on the right is Sam’s room. He sleeps there when he stays the night. Holidays, mostly. And the last door is my old room. I’ve made it up for you.”
“Public Works Administration, one of the New Deal programs during the Depression. A lot of the country’s infrastructure dates back to then, actually. It did a lot to raise living standards in rural America.” Castiel sighed wistfully. “I think Warren would be another FDR. We need one.”
When Castiel got back to the house, Uriel greeted him with a glare from his catbed before promptly returning to sleep. Castiel ferried the groceries to the kitchen island, nearly tripping over Uriel’s toys more than once.
More of Castiel’s limbs surged forward, and Dean let himself be swept up by them. Other tentacles—the bulbous-headed corkscrew ones that made up the middle layer of Castiel’s wings—pushed the two of them up, until they were lying beside each other a few feet above the ground.
“Well, thank you, Jack.” Dean looked up at him, his dilated pupils almost obliterating the green of his eyes. “How’s the view, angel?”
“Fuck.” Dean quaked, resting his head against the top of the futon’s frame with a thump. “Maybe I am.”
“No big deal. Every teenage gay boy gets his heart broken by his straight best friend. It’s a rite of passage.”
His dick was way ahead of him, already tenting his boxers when he unzipped his jeans. Dean grabbed his lube out of his desk’s bottom drawer and eased back into his chair, spreading his legs nice and wide while he slicked up. He had one of his old favorites that he hadn’t seen in a while playing before he’d even ticked up to full mast. He fumbled the insertion of his earphones once, twice, then turned the volume down low once he was hooked up. As much as her screams got him going, he still needed to keep an ear out for Castiel’s footsteps in the hall.
“I’m not—look, I thought you were dead until ten minutes ago, man. We haven’t even caught up. Me and Sam haven’t even welcomed you back properly.”
“And then there’s the barn. It’s the perfect place to welcome berry pickers and weigh their fruit once they’re done. You could set up a small shop there with prepicked berries and berry products. It’s big enough that you could still use it for events in the off-season, too.”
Dean stared at the closed door for a few seconds, listening to the sound of Sam jogging down the house’s staircase. He poured another cup of coffee and forced himself to eat a slice of toast with some Winchester and Sons Dewberry Jam. When he was this nervous, his appetite was always the first thing to go. Given how much he enjoyed eating, he’d always thought that was weirdly fitting.
. And it’ll feel better for you, too. Speaking from experience…yeah, it’s way better without anything in between. Not that I’ve done that with just anyone. And I’m still pure as the driven snow, so you know I’ve been careful.” Dean gulped. “Never mind. Don’t feel like you have to.”
“Just getting another beer.” Sam popped open a can; he glanced at Dean’s phone, then his warm and flustered face. He shook his head as he disappeared into the hall, grinning all the way.
For some reason, he smiled tightly down at his plate like he’d said something to be ashamed of. Jack was staring at him.
“Okay, I stretched the truth a little. I’m just excited. First day of the off season. First day I get to wake up with you.”
Edlund College was a completely different story. On the surface, it was a liberal oasis; it was a college campus in Vermont, after all. But with a total enrollment of less than 2000, everyone knew everyone else’s business, and most of the student body came from the wealthy, staid, and frankly conformist suburbs of Massachusetts, Connecticut, and New York. Back home, Castiel was just a boring upper-middle class kid from upper-middle class Tiburon in upper-middle class Marin County, which everyone knew was the least interesting part of Northern California. Here, he felt more out of place than he had when backpacking through Europe.
“He’d say that the two of us would never compare to Mom, or even the farm. I think he just got angrier and angrier at Dad the longer he lived on his own.” Dean leaned right. “Whose place is that?”
“Hello, Naomi.” Castiel stepped into the entryway and glanced at Dean to follow. “Sorry to keep you here so late. It was a nice drive. Long, but nice.”
“My dad’s always said that a tight grip makes a good first impression.” Jack squinted at Kelly. “What’s that?”
After a quick detour to the house to freshen up, they drove into Camden, encountering some light traffic on the highway. Pedestrians swarmed at every corner.
They walked back to the kitchen side by side. Castiel measured and ground the beans, filled and stirred the French press. He poured hot water from the kettle into a heavy pot, mixed in oats, and set the gas range to medium. He readied the glass jars of nuts and dried fruits and coconut oil and maple syrup. He brought out two deep bowls, two wide mugs, and four spoons, two large and two small. His friend watched him through it all.
Dean passed his phone from hand to hand for a few seconds before glancing up. Sam looked entirely too pleased.
“I love you too.” Castiel smoothed his fingers through Dean’s sweat-soaked hair. “But…it doesn’t look like the Empty took the bait.”
“Look, I might—might—be willing to give a little bit. I’ll consider ‘I Don’t Want to Miss a Thing,’ but nothing softer than that.”
“That?” Dean scratched his head. “It’s just the old horse barn. I use it for storage. Farm machinery, bales of straw, that kind of thing.”
Castiel laughed. “Sorry to disappoint you, Dean, but Castiel is, indeed, the name I was given by my parents. It’s on my birth certificate from St. Elizabeth’s Hospital and everything.”
, so as far as he knew, Castiel was straight. Not to mention that he seemed obstinately convinced that Castiel and Meg were an item. Given those apparent facts, why would Dean have planned something this romantic?
“I don’t know. I’ll figure something out.” Dean picks at one of the buttons of Castiel’s trench coat. “No money, but I’ll figure something out. Don’t offer me any. I don’t want your charity.”
Castiel looked more amused than disappointed. He squeezed some lemon juice over his plate. Upon watching him for a few seconds, Dean laughed.
Dean watched Castiel’s face in the harsh moonlight. Only a few minutes ago, he’d been laughing at Dean’s singalong to “Eye of the Tiger” as they crossed the cantilever bridge. Now, his eyes shone with tears.
“Dean,” Castiel mumbled. “Um, could we change the subject? I feel awkward talking about this. Not just with you. I’d feel awkward talking about it with anyone.”
“Even so, I don’t want you to call me a slut,” Castiel said. If Dean favored a direct approach, he figured he could give it to him. “Please.”
“I mean, sort of. There’s my profile photo, but it’s one of those artsy ones with sunglasses, lens flare—”
“I’ll make up the bed for you, sire,” Dean said. “I’m sorry for chattering idly with her. I should have been thinking of your needs instead.”
“No. But, over the years, we got used to each other.” Castiel made a guttural sound—somewhere between a sigh and clearing of the throat—that signaled his fatigue with the topic. “After all, what other choice did we have?”
“Not just that.” Dean bit his lip as a second tentacle prodded at his rim, adding to the viscous mess there before slipping in alongside the first. “How do I say this?”
“Just think about it. All the catty, jealous behavior this past month makes sense now. And how he hasn’t brought anyone back to your room yet. And how he barely even goes out anymore. Almost like he’d rather stay in with you.”
"You're telling me." Castiel coughed. "Can you take me to get a chest X-ray tomorrow? I think your brother cracked one of my ribs."
“I think we should leave that for the second date.” Castiel gathered up another bite of bread and collard greens. “Anyway, if you’re asking me whether I believe in God—I do. There has to be something in the fabric of the universe that binds us all together. Something greater than ourselves that gives us the impulse to be good to one another. To take care of one another.”
Dean beamed at the fact of a kitchen with multiple refrigerators. Castiel, however, already looked ready to quit the situation.
“Sometimes. But it’s more about you accepting love. Believing love.” He stroked Dean’s cheek. “Nothing makes me happier than you allowing yourself to be loved.”
“It was my grandfather’s farm. Henry Winchester. I think our family goes back a ways there…well, the city’s named Winchester, after all. There’s probably some connection. Anyway, he died when I was thirteen and left everything to my dad, even though they hadn’t spoken in years. Dad moved us there and took over the berry farm. First permanent home I could remember.”
“Why not? I talked to dozens of practitioners of witchcraft for my dissertation research. Most of them were very friendly.”
“Yeah, you know I’m not into the whole nut milk thing.” Dean looked down at his phone again. “And of course I’m working, Sam. A farm doesn’t run itself.”
In their bedroom, Dean retrieved the national parks guidebook from the stack of books at the corner of the bureau, double checking to make sure he’d dog-eared the chapter on Shenandoah. As he reached for the lamp to turn it off, the small, dusty box below the mirror that stored Mary’s jewelry caught his eye. It’d been doing that more and more lately.
**This is the only ingredient that has to be fresh. It’s an important one. I’d even suggest buying one of those little potted basil plants at the store and growing it in your window just for this recipe.
“Oh, and that door opens to the kitchen. I usually leave it open. I closed it to get behind to vacuum and forgot to open it back up again. This weekend’s been so busy.” Dean turned the knob and slid the doorstop into place. “You can wave to Sam.”
“Huh.” Dean lit the burner underneath the saucepan. “You know, I think a lot of your followers started following me, too.”
Combine the apple blossom honey and rice bran oil in a small saucepan on medium-low heat. Stir until fully combined and shiny.
They only had the one cocktail that night. Dean had work to do on the farm the next day, and Castiel was writing. Besides, they’d been drinking wine all through dinner.
Dean reached down for his rake and tossed it into the back of his truck. He fished his keys out of his pocket.
Dean nodded, drank more of his drink. He had no idea what to say, and his mouth had at last stopped moving on its own.
“Ah,” Castiel laughed. He popped open the top button of his white dress shirt and scratched the base of his neck.
“Dean, no.” Castiel caught up to him where the pier met the shore. He pulled gently at his denim shirt. “Stop, please.”
“I’ve been patient, Dean.” Sam cleared his throat. “All week, you’ve been telling me you’ll fill me in on what the hell’s going on with you and Cass once we can talk in person, and now I’m here.”
“How can you even see in here?” Castiel said, once they reached the other end of the barn. “I almost tripped over something back there.”
Castiel pulled on his pajama bottoms and fell back into the mattress. He brought the phone close and sighed.
“Jack-Jack, I won’t force you to do anything you don’t want to do while we’re here. But I think this is a great opportunity for you to try new things. Things you can’t do back home. No one knows you; that means you can be anyone you want. Isn’t that exciting?”
“It was the same with the loan. I didn’t think anything of it. For something as significant to me as your livelihood, it just didn’t enter my mind to second-guess my course of action.”
“It’s alright.” Dean wiggles another few inches and lays his head on Castiel’s chest. “Do you mind if I do this?”
“I think Dad mentioned something a long time ago about Henry not wanting to go through the whole process. He was kind of a…is hermit the right word? He didn’t want the federal government barging in and telling him how to take care of his house.”
The heat of the day was burning off the fog by the time Dean reached the warehouse. He switched out Baby for the delivery truck and pulled onto the state highway, bound for the festival route in the heart of the city.
“You’re much more than that. I knew, just from the fragments of other universes that I saw, that you were special in some way.”
“There isn’t!” Dean’s voice cracked, and he turned to Castiel with tears welling in his eyes. “I promise there isn’t. I don’t know why I said it, okay?”
“Yup, definitely saw those guys. The bears, I mean.” Dean opened the window to the cool evening air and tumbled into bed. “That doesn’t explain it, though. I mean, you’ve always grabbed my attention.”
“Yes,” Castiel said gravely. “You finally broke down my resistance. Your mother would be ashamed of me.”
Dean snorted and tickled Castiel’s waist. With a yelp, Castiel yanked Dean towards the front door with him.
Dean twisted the dimmer for the chandelier above the dining table, glowing it yellow with electronic candlelight.
“We don’t have to join everyone else if you’re not ready. Okay?” Castiel grasped Dean’s shoulders, trying to ground him. “It’s fine if it’s just you and me. We can dance together, just us.”
“I got your text, don’t worry.” Castiel crossed under the skylights, rubbing between Jack’s shoulder blades when he arrived at the island. “Can you wash up for dinner, Jack? I’m just going to show Dean his room, and then we’ll eat.”
“I’m just in shock. Part of me is wondering whether this is all one of the Empty’s cruel tricks. Whether you’re even real. Even here.”
Well, there were a few other words for it, but Dean hoped that Castiel would be forgiving enough to not call him any of them.
“You’ve got a taste for the classics,” Chuck observed. “I can’t wait to listen to the record you got me. How does someone born in the nineties know who Bob Seger is?”
“You are. And not just to me.” Castiel pressed a soft kiss to Dean’s lips. “I hope you don’t feel manipulated.”
“Really?” Dean dipped his head under the surface, shook the water free with a flick of his neck. “But you’ve got the perfect swimmer’s body.”
“I wish I could contradict your low opinion of me, sire.” The knight shook his head. “But it’s true; the path of a knight-errant is not a profitable one. I only have a few silver pieces in my coin purse. I’d hoped slaying the dragon—”
“Sorry. Translation’s becoming something of a reflex at this point.” He followed Dean through the crosswalk. “You know, most guys find my French sexy.”
“I’m not 100% sure yet. It depends on whether the general insurance team can finish before then or if they need more time.”
They stood beside each other on the landing for a moment, Dean looking down and past Castiel’s gaze, his eyes fixed on the grey blazer hanging from his forearm. The faint chords of Dire Straits’ “Romeo and Juliet” murmured through the walls of Sam’s apartment and the slit beneath his front door. Eventually, Castiel made his offer again.
Castiel slowed the pistoning of his hips, just for a moment. He brushed the sweat-soaked hair away from Dean’s forehead.
“No, that’s not it. I’m—” Castiel looked at the blood on his hand, looked at the black all around them.
“It’s not,” Castiel laughed, then elbowed Dean. “Stop making fun of him when he can’t defend himself.”
Castiel didn’t appear convinced by that in the least, but he plopped down beside Dean and offered him his right hand. Dean ran his fingers over Castiel’s, focusing his attention on his ring finger.
“Only a crazy person turns down a massage.” Castiel picked up his sandwich wrapper and empty cup. “Shall we go?”
“Maybe—” Castiel teetered on the porch’s top step, looking dangerously close to falling. “I just had an idea. We—we could have that lunch on Friday. The one….”
“I see.” Jo smiled at the empty tankards. “That explains the note of jealousy I detected in his voice before.”
As sexy as Dr. Sexy was, with his shiny cowboy boots and chiseled features and cavalier dismissal of hospital regulations, Dean found that he wasn’t able to hold his focus on the show. His thoughts kept returning to Castiel.
He really looked incensed, and Dean only found that funnier. That had always been a bad habit of his—finding annoyed people funny and angry people hilarious. As long as they weren’t his father, of course.
Dean spent the time while Castiel was asleep drinking downstairs. The single gold piece from earlier had been enough for their room, as well as buying food and ale for both of them for the next two days. Even so, Dean was pacing himself. The thought of being inebriated in front of his prince was too mortifying to contemplate.
“Well, first thing.” Dean cleared his throat. “I’d cancel your delivery order and make you a home-cooked meal.”
After cleaning up, they went on a short walk around the edges of Castiel’s property. His plot wasn’t very large—just half an acre, and only some of that was clear, level ground—so they couldn’t walk far. Even so, it was nice to be outside together. Dean certainly seemed to appreciate it, perking up visibly in the sunlight and fresh air.
“Yeah.” Dean clenched his ass around the tentacles that had come to rest, as if by instinct, over the warmth of his hole. “You’ve found the place everything goes already.”
“Dean, he’s there. I swear—I swear I’m not messing around. I’ve been talking to him since you both got back.”
“‘Keep going,’” Meg whispered, with starry eyes. “Oh, how sweet and beautiful. Boys in love. It’s like an episode of
“Me too.” Dean looked over his shoulder, hiding from the onions for a moment. “Better not, though. Security’s always on a rampage on Saturday nights.”
In the evenings, they watched the news with mounting trepidation. Events all over the world were being rescheduled or cancelled; schools and workplaces were shuttering. Castiel noted that the timing of UMD’s spring break, set to begin the following Friday, was fortuitous, since most students would be leaving campus anyway.
This is one you see a lot. In both its ubiquity and its generality, it can be considered the “master argument” of the pro-finale position. However, it is spurious for at least three reasons.
“I’m the media director for the Maine Democrats,” Kelly explained. “Cass thinks he’s being funny, making a joke about us being in disarray.”
“I see.” Castiel looked down at Dean’s crotch, blinking rapidly. “That’s quite a vivid image. And not an entirely unappealing one.”
“Did you—” Dean handed the phone back to him. “I mean, you seemed kind of upset about that. You said you’d tell me why when you got back.”
“I fell asleep,” he said, not stopping to look back. He started the shower without closing the door. Dean walked to his bedroom to get dressed, so he wasn’t sure if Castiel realized he’d left it open.
Castiel clambers to his feet. For a split-second, he’s haloed by the gibbous moon, and the snow parts in front of him as he makes his way to Dean. Benny watches until he reaches the edge of the clearing, then decides to give them some privacy. He gets up and starts searching for another stick to carve.
“And there’s like—” She craned her neck to see around his shoulder. “Dean, you have the biggest smile on your face. You should see it. Seriously, it’s enough to scare off customers.”
First, they rose up, which made sense. They’d been watching Castiel from a height shorter than him, which implied that the creature had been hunching or even hiding behind the waist-high wall. Next, they proceeded to the graveyard entrance, passing under the collapsed archway, pushing through the gate with a slow, mournful creak. Finally, they materialized from the fog, coming to a stop at the edge of the road. The creature’s full form was finally visible now in the twin beams of Castiel’s headlights, and Castiel’s breath caught.
Dean walked to the hallway, closing the door behind him softly. He made his way to the stairs like he did every morning. Today, though, he’d slept in long enough for the horizon to be visible from the Palladian window, and he stopped at the overlook to gauge the weather. There was still some wind and drizzle, but the tempest had calmed since last night. Maybe that had been its crescendo; maybe tomorrow would be dry, even sunny.
“Cass—” Dean chuckled in disbelief. “Damn, man. I’ve heard about some crazy families, but yours might take the cake.”
“Well, that’s settled, then.” Castiel shunted his laptop onto the beanbag, walked to Dean’s desk, and wrapped his arms around his shoulders from behind. “Thank you, darling.”
There was a rustling behind them, and they turned around simultaneously. Chuck waved from the doorway before making a lip-zipping gesture.
“And I have you to thank for it,” Dean said, when he got home that evening. He’d decided to interrupt Castiel’s yoga with a bear hug from behind.
“Yours, baby.” Dean hurls Castiel’s suit jacket into the front seat. “Never want to be anything but yours.”
Because they only take a short time to cook and should be served immediately, the peas and morels only come together towards the end of your potatoes’ cooking time. Wash the morels to remove any grit or tiny insects, then dry on a paper towel. Don’t soak them too long, or they’ll get waterlogged. If you have any morels that are significantly larger than the others, slice them in half.
“Dean!” Castiel flicked through the flyer. “I didn’t expect you to do this. I thought you’d just point to the things you wanted.”
“Oh, of course. That’s why I decided to go by another name once I moved somewhere people wouldn’t recognize me.” Castiel paused. “Well, that and because I hated him back then. I deeply, profoundly hated him. I wanted nothing to do with him.”
. That was his car’s name. Was that how he addressed all his intimate partners, too? Or was it a special endearment, just for Castiel? Castiel hoped it was the latter.
He saw Castiel’s insanely defined chest and arms and abs, saw Castiel straddling him right there at his desk. He felt Castiel guide his hands to his body, letting him explore anywhere he wanted. He felt Castiel cradle the back of his head as he licked every inch of him from the bottom of his jaw to the little thatch of fur around his navel. He whined at the clench of Castiel’s thick runner’s thighs around his waist and the sinful tease of his tight, perfect ass along Dean’s suffering cock.
The Roadhouse was Dean’s classic rock show on the campus radio station, Tuesdays and Thursdays from 2-4 p.m. He’d sucked up and fought hard to get his own show as a sophomore; he spent hours every week getting his playlist of real vinyl together and researching music history for the interesting tidbits he led into each track with. And Meg was making light of all that work by tying up the station’s phone line with her annoying spam calls. Admittedly, not that many people called in other than her, but it was about the principle.
“I haven’t made nice with dick in 27 years, Dean. I certainly won’t start now.” Charlie brightened at the elderly couple at the edge of their stall. “Good morning!”
“You misunderstand me,” Castiel said. “I’m your prince. I’ve commanded you to leave the windows open, and so you shall. The matter is closed.”
In the center of the basket were the salads: heirloom tomato, peach, and feta salad with mint; raspberry vinegar potato salad with chives and dill; oil-cured olives with marinated garlic and peppers. Filling the remaining two corners were the homemade mozzarella sticks with slow-cooked marinara and a stack of warm chocolate chip cookies trussed up in wax paper.
“Yes.” Castiel shed his shoes, then socks, as he trudged to his hamper. “I…felt like clearing my head.”
“Castiel, sorry for interrupting you in the middle of lunch.” Zachariah sniffed the air. “I need a favor from you.”
“No, Cass.” Dean shoves himself up, glares at Castiel in the light. “I don’t know how many times I have to tell you you’re making it out of here. If you stay, I stay.”
“Fine. I’ll play by their rules, to keep you safe. Doesn’t mean I gotta like it.” Cas nodded and continued.
“Let’s go home, Sammy.” He turned and walked out the door, Clarence behind and to his left, his moose of a brother bringing up the rear.
Dean and Cas had just arrived home from a grocery run. Leaving his purchases in the back seat, Dean stormed down the stairs from the garage and into the Bunkers library, shaking with anger. Cas followed, staying further back than was customary. Spotting his little brother at his usual place at the tables, the hunter strode over and slammed his hands onto the tabletop near the shaggy haired man, startling Sam from his reverie at his computer. Sam shot him a bitchface. Dean removed his goad and whip from his belt, and tossed them onto the table in disgust.
"I wont change my mind. I'm a Winchester. Until the end." He signed, the ring on his left hand glinting in the low  light as he did. Matching rings gleamed on the hands of both hunters. Dean chuckled.
“Do I have to make it an order that you eat with us?” Dean asked. “I guess you are going to have to train me how to act in public.”  Cas shook his head and chuckled at that. Someone training the great Hunter, Dean Winchester.
“Hello, Dean.” The hunter’s eyes again welled with tears., This time they were tears of pure joy. He gave the angel a mock scowl.
Nothing could have prepared him for what was behind the curtain surrounding the bed. The form in the bed was gaunt, frail. Tubes and wires seemed to surround him. There were beeps from multiple monitors, and the whoosh of the ventilator that breathed for him. But it was Cas. Alive. Dean stepped up to the bedside.
Dean decided that this major victory was worthy of celebration, and headed to the kitchen for a round of beers, hopefully to be followed by many more that night. When he returned, he brought out the vial of Cas' Grace from under his shirt, where it hung on a thick silver chain. It was never far from his heart. He smiled as he held up the vial. They'd never actually discussed what would happen if they ever reached this point, but Dean assumed...
“Well, we have the preliminary results of his tests. The good news is that there is no swelling of his brain from the overdose, and no apparent damage from oxygen deprivation while he was flatlined. He must not have been down for very long, or we’d see obvious damage. He’s very lucky for that. But we have no idea why he hasn’t woken up yet. We’re going to try to at least get him off the ventilator later today, and see if he can breathe on his own. That would be a definite step in the right direction.” The doctor smiled.
“You’re not my slave, you understand that, don’t you? I only did this to keep you safe, to keep you with me...us.” Dean told him.
“I brand what belongs to me. I give you my mark, Clarence. I make you mine, that none may take you from me without good cause.” He paused, remembering the handprint that Cas had marked him with when he pulled him out of Hell. It had vanished when Cas had healed him after Sam’s swan dive at Stull Cemetery. This would not fade, for as long as the angel remained bound. The irony of it the hunter could have done without. He turned his mind back to the task at hand.
Dean insisted on settling Cas in his room, on “the best mattress in the place.” At least until they got another room set up for Cas. Sam had already done some discreet searches for hospital beds, knowing that it would become a necessity somewhere down the road. He hadn’t given up on a miracle, but he was no longer holding his breath for one, either. Dean moved into the next room over so that he could be there for Cas if he needed anything. Days passed, and became weeks. Cas grew stronger with lots of rest and Deans good cooking. He smiled more-and even laughed occasionally-but the happiness never truly seemed to reach his eyes. They stayed shadowed and sad, almost grey instead of the vibrant blue they had been.
Dean thinned his lips. At their second meeting with Gail, they’d decided on a historic old hotel in Fauquier County—white Neoclassical columns, an Art Nouveau ballroom, sprawling vineyards on the grounds—which had cost them a small fortune. Castiel had been ecstatic about it on the drive back.
“Of course straight people feel lonely from time to time. It’s not the same thing. I mean existentially. The entire world is structured around heterosexuality and gender expectations. Nearly every book, film, television show, video game; especially when we were younger. Your own family. Nearly everyone you ever meet. All different from you in this elemental way that marks you as the stranger.” Castiel sighed. “I’m becoming maudlin. And probably making you feel uncomfortable.”
“Hello.” Castiel snorted his amusement into Dean’s neck once he’d regained his composure. “Someone missed me.”
“This is farro.” Dean picked up a clear bowl and showed it to the camera. “It’s an ancient grain. Really nice and chewy, with a nutty flavor that’s pretty distinctive. It used to be hard to find outside of big cities here, but it’s more common now.”
“Dean,” Sam finally said. “I know all this. You haven’t changed where anything is since I last lived here.”
Castiel leaned forward and brought Dean into his arms, holding him tight. Dean sniffed, dug his fingers into Castiel’s back, exhaled his warm breath on Castiel’s nape. In less than sixty seconds, Castiel had gone from upset with Dean and even a little mistrustful of their relationship to wanting nothing more than to comfort him and keep him close forever. That was what it meant to be a dumbass in love, he supposed.
They continued across the parking lot, strolling now. Castiel didn’t try to pull away, but Dean could sense his anxiety in how he tensed his wrist.
“I know, Sammy. Sometimes you just can’t help yourself.” Dean flipped the French toast. “Anyway, the main thing is that the business is stable enough to cover minor losses for a while. A lot of farms aren’t as lucky as us.”
“Hmm.” Castiel started tapping on his screen as they moved up the path. “I think I’ll post it on my Instagram. They’re always fans of Destiel content there.”
Once Dean was satisfied that he hadn’t bled on his way in, he reached into his pocket for his keys, wincing when he stretched his chest. There’d been a clean hit there, midway down his ribs. He turned the lock, took a second to breathe and compose himself, and pushed into the apartment.
Dean took his advice, tuning out the bickering across the table and focusing instead on the softly tinkling jazz piano and the menu’s vivid food descriptions. The wine that Castiel chose—a Montrachet that he said would complement any seafood that Dean ordered—arrived to a murmur of approval from most of the others, though Michael and Luke remained undeterred.
Double shifts exhausted Dean down to his bones. He stripped off everything but his boxers, stumbled and groaned, and fell into bed. He couldn’t even be bothered to brush his teeth. He’d take care of it in the morning.
Bobby slammed the door behind him. Dean glared at it until the sound of Bobby’s car on the gravel faded away, returning the world to the silence of the pre-dawn hours.
Crowley sauntered out of the kitchen, flicking his tail back and forth. A few more scrapes of his bowl and Dean was following him, making sure to leave the granola container front and center on the island so Castiel would see it.
Castiel snorted. “Not above cheating, I see. Well, the joke’s on you, because that’s still not the constellation. It’s just a part of it.”
“Well, speaking of drawing, I should give you your birthday present now.” Jack walked to the couch and unzipped his backpack.
“I’m not sure about any of that.” Castiel looked down at his tea. “But no, I’m not sick of him. I don’t see how anyone ever could be.”
“My bondmate,” Castiel mumbled, his lips hot on Dean’s belly. “My beautiful Dean. Your light humbles me.”
There was just so much to think about. And they were only in the preliminary stages—identifying priorities and concepts and aesthetics—prior to seeking out a professional planner. Castiel had printed out some kind of obscene checklist that was four pages long in tiny font, and that was apparently a condensed version.
“I’m just saying.” Meg lifted her tea again. “People like that. They can be a real pain to deal with.”
Dean stared out the door at the sunset over the valley, their bickering fading into the background. A dragon, after all this time! How long had it been since his last solid lead on one? And that had turned out to be nothing more than a cockatrice. A dangerous foe and a lucrative contract, but a disappointment all the same.
“Yeah, I’ll pack some clothes and stay over here again tonight. Since Dean’s cooking tomorrow. Then I’ll go home tomorrow night and see you guys again for the hike on Friday.”
Castiel gave a little wave of his hand, then shut the passenger door. Dean watched until Castiel had passed over his front threshold. He cracked his window to cool off and drove to the end of the street, turning eventually onto the artery that led to the interstate. The first stars were visible in the boughs of the whispering trees, and the wind off the Potomac smelled of pollen and new loam.
“Uh.” Dean twisted on the ladder so he could look down at him. “Is that a serious question? You want me to answer seriously?”
*What I like to do is cut off the base about 1/3 inch from the bottom and slice off the top right in the middle of the leek’s light-green section. Then, I slice the leek in half lengthwise and chop each half into 1/2 inch wide semicircles. Finally, I immerse the chopped leeks in water and agitate them a little. That way, I know I’m getting all the dirt out.
Dean sighed, refilled his cup. He’d never been good with this aspect of relationships. That was probably one of the reasons a serious one was so rare for him.
“Yeah.” Dean wasn’t sure what else to do, so he squeezed Castiel’s shoulder. “I think I’ll go down and stick that pot pie in the oven. Want me to grab you anything?”
He pushed his shoulder into Castiel’s—gently, carefully, like leaning on an open door. Castiel swayed and shoved Dean’s shoulder back with what could only be described as a giggle, and he looked, for the first time since he’d commented on Dean’s linguine post a week earlier, like the more bashful of the two of them.
“464k on YouTube, 389k on Instagram. Um—” Charlie rooted around for her phone. “I can go through some of the blog metrics with you if you like.”
“Work, right.” Dean bumped into the side of the doorway as he turned to the hall. “Yeah, loads to do.”
“Thank you,” Castiel said softly. “I don’t know what you did, but it doesn’t hurt as much as last night.”
Dean gestured to the tripod once Castiel hung up. “I checked it before I set up the ingredients, but you might want to make sure I did it right.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, returning his gaze to Sam. “Cass just gave me the idea today. Wanted to get your thoughts. You’re still technically part of Winchester and Sons, and this is your home as much as mine.”
They looked at opposite corners of the kitchen. Dean was grateful that Castiel chose not to say anything.
The ceramics room was still pretty empty by the time Dean arrived, about five minutes early. That meant he had his pick of tables to work at. He liked the table in the back corner the most. It was right by one of the fans, which was important once the room was crammed with aspiring artists and poor saps like him who were just there for the requirement. Also, it was as far away from the table Meg normally worked at as possible.
“Yeah. You can spend the entire season doing everything right, but pests, weather, natural disasters—one bad turn could land you right back where you started. Most farmers are happy if they do just a little bit better than break-even. Especially in the old days.”
There were only a few houses before the number Castiel had given him, though the size of the properties meant that Dean had been traveling for several minutes by the time he reached the oversized barn-red mailbox with Castiel’s address and the name “Milton” in brass letters. His sister was married, then. Or divorced.
Dean waited for Castiel to say more, turning to him when he didn’t. He chuckled at the look of wide-eyed hope on Castiel’s face.
Well, he wouldn’t. At night, he always sits right next to Dean, on the opposite side of him from Benny—who hunkers down at least one respectful yard away, thank you very much, because he understands personal space.
“It’s fine. Familiar argument about French national identity. Workmanlike prose.” Castiel lay the book face-down over his lap. “How was the farmer’s market?”
With so little left to pick, Dean had told the workers not to show up until 6:30 today, an hour later than usual. That was an unintended mercy. Not only had he had a restless night’s sleep, but his head still hurt from too much whiskey. He was glad for that. He deserved it for how he’d acted.
Dean wrangled the umbrella open. At first, he held it over Castiel alone, but Castiel moved into Dean’s personal space to share it with him. He was warm and smelled of coffee, patchouli, and something Dean belatedly realized was lavender.
“Dean, come on. The same thing I told you back then applies now. Stop overthinking it. Just go with what feels right to you. You love Cass, you want to spend the rest of your life with Cass—” Sam threw his hands up. “Come on, he’s not going to turn you down flat. The dude’s in love with you.”
In the bathroom mirror, he dragged some of Sam’s gel through his hair, spiking it up at the front and patting it down above his ears. He brushed his teeth and shaved his face and swiped his armpits with deodorant and tensed his midsection, tapping his fingertips at the centerline of his abs. Farmwork was hard work, but at least it meant he didn’t have to go to a gym.
“He’s still there, Dean. It should be fine.” Sam rose and shut his laptop. “I’ll get the ingredients, you call—oh, wait.”
They’d eaten in front of a medical drama on Netflix, Sam casting odd looks at him throughout. The same one he was giving him now.
“What?” Sam returned his phone to his pocket and helped Dean carry the dishes back to the kitchen. “No, Dean, this is such a great opportunity.”
The creature remained completely still, its eyes watching Castiel’s hand. Now that Castiel was getting a good look at it, he could take stock of its appearance at greater length. Not only was it tall, but it had strong, broad shoulders; muscular arms; a wide chest that tapered to narrow hips; long, thick legs; and a bald head. Its skin looked darker than before, though that was no doubt influenced by the available light, and Castiel could see now that it was coated in some kind of moist sheen that made it glisten.
“Dean.” Castiel stroked his hand up and down Dean’s back. “Thank you for telling me all this. Thank you for trusting me.”
Jack snorted. Dean’s fumbling seemed to have softened him up more than anything he’d had in mind to say.
Said footsteps were a few seconds away. “Wouldn’t It Be Nice” drifted from the iPod dock; Dean turned it up by a couple clicks. He straightened up and watched the door handle turn.
“She’s actually not that bad. She might even take a liking to you. She has a thing for salt-of-the-earth types.” Castiel checked his watch. “We need to get out of here. Let me just quickly check my hair.”
Castiel felt around, catching some of the precome from Dean’s cock and rubbing it up and down his shaft. Dean moaned.
“For science,” Castiel agreed breathily. “I feel strongly that we should do as much as possible with each other, Dean. As much as you’re comfortable with. The knowledge we could jointly contribute to the universe with our bodies is…vast.”
“That’s infatuation, not love. You’ve always been this way. Any charity case with a sad story and a pretty smile turns your head. Too much heart was always your problem.”
“Did he deserve that?” Castiel was saying. “Did he deserve to be slaughtered for a simple misunderstanding?”
“That’s bacon for me. Find me a plant that tastes the same, and I just might join you and Sam on the dark side.”
“Liar.” Sam chuckled. “Wow, you’re so pissed I even said it. I can tell from how you’re throwing things around.”
“I’m sorry I ran away yesterday.” Castiel took a single step forward. “You just surprised me. I’ve lived here for a while now, but I’d never seen you before. If you’re my neighbor, though, it’s only polite for me to say hello.”
Castiel watched Dean’s back as he gathered up the rest of the paraphernalia and stabled the horse in one of the covered stalls. Given that returning to his normal self would involve a transformation back into one of the dragons Dean hated so much, he found his enthusiasm for it darkly humorous.
“Almost done.” Dean climbed down and leaned against the step ladder. “Then all that’s left is the greenhouse. At least it’s a shorter building. You okay?”
“It’s for deciding all the interdisciplinary requirements. The anthropology courses for the topic specializations in international studies.”
Dean twisted around the doorframe to get the switch. Through the window above the bed’s headboard, the late afternoon sky was blustery and overcast. Not overcast enough for snow, unfortunately.
“If she wants space, she wants space.” Dean shrugged. “Just let her have it. You’ll hear from her eventually.”
“Did you enjoy your dinner?” Castiel said, once the bill had arrived. He was writing out the tip, and Dean was on his third chocolate truffle.
“I don’t mind that you’re a virgin.” He laughs again. “You’ll have to grow up sometime, little boy. Why not let me pay you for it?”
“You need to sort out whatever…rivalry? Hairpulling contest? You’ve got going on with Meg. Because pretty soon, it’s going to affect your relationship with Cass, if it hasn’t already. You don’t want to fall out with your roommate right at the start of the year.”
Castiel slapped Dean’s other cheek, using enough force to leave a mark this time. Dean moaned again, and Castiel felt a light drizzle of precome on his collarbone from Dean’s heavy cock.
That night, instead of going out to the dive bar he treated himself to once a week or so, he’d stayed in. He ordered pizza for him and Sam and sipped his beers while catching up on
Dean stares up above them at one of the dark patches in the sky. Freaking angels. Of course he had to go and fall in love with one, too, because he’s a professional at making his own life more complicated.
“Say what you’re really thinking. You won’t listen to my point of view because you believe me to still be under the sway of the dragon. What you said yesterday—about it taking ‘time for a thrall to recover all his faculties.’”
"Um. Okay then." Sam cleared his throat. "We've been talking so much, I lost track of time. I better head out."
“One.” Castiel stuck a bookmark in the open tome to his left. “World War I was the one with trenches.”
“Yeah, my throat’s just dry.” Dean wiggled his beer, and Sam and Castiel clinked their glasses into it. He raised the bottle to his lips and watched Castiel as he drank. Castiel stared back at him.
“So, how does it feel, man?” Dean brought his legs onto the futon, turning to fully face Castiel. “No longer being a teenager?”
“See, I get that you think I’m your dumb brother who never even finished high school, and maybe you think I don’t notice when you use your ‘time to teach poor stupid Dean about the world’ voice, but I’d really appreciate it if you’d stop looking down your nose at me. And retrieve the stick that’s lodged up your ass while you’re at it.”
Looking back on it, he couldn’t believe how badly he’d screwed things up. Being more assertive than the other person or getting carried away with dirty talk weren’t exactly cardinal sins in the sack, but he should’ve been way more attuned to Castiel than he had been. The dude’s whole philosophy of sex was that it was grounded in the “profound bond” you felt with your partner. In affection and tenderness and romance and love. By those standards, Dean had been a pretty shitty partner so far.
“No.” Dean clears his throat; they step out onto the boulevard. He had to be sure. There’s something not quite right about this guy. He has a weird name, a weird way of speaking. At least he’s not a demon. Maybe he’s some kind of monster, but Dean doesn’t have any way of checking that right now.
“I’ve watched enough nineties movies.” Castiel straightened up in the barn’s doorway. “Wow, they’ve really made progress. This looks like a totally different building.”
“Yeah. But alas, it wasn’t meant to be. I think we’re better as friends, anyway. Even if you liked girls….” Meg snorted. “I’d give us two weeks before we got fed up with each other.”
They turned onto the coastal highway at Portland, crossing bridge after bridge over the innumerable rivers and bays and coves that emptied out into the glimmering Atlantic. At Freeport, Brunswick, Bath, and Wiscasset, Castiel recited the local sights—a horde of outlet stores, Bowdoin College, the shipyards, a famous lobster shack. He fell quiet around Waldoboro, and Dean reached over to rest his hand on his thigh.
“Better it happens now than when you’re with a chick, take it from me.” Dean peered at the near-empty bottle. “Oh well, no harm done. I’ll just tell Cass I drank the rest.”
Dean laughed. He liked the poeticism of waking up to “Enter Sandman” on his phone alarm, though he occasionally switched it up to “Heat of the Moment.” Either way, he couldn’t help but indulge in several snoozes before finally tumbling out of bed, a habit which had introduced him to Castiel’s extensive and colorful lexicon of profanity.
"Wow." Dean cut himself another square of lasagna. "I tell you, Cass, your life's been a hell of a lot more interesting than mine."
Dean nodded appreciatively but didn’t say anything back. Despite what he’d thought last night when he gazed at her picture on the nightstand, he found himself reluctant now to talk about his mother and her absence in his life—about things from deep in the past and yet entangled with the present in a way Henry’s antiques were not. But then, opening himself up to someone new had always been two steps forward, one step back.
“No, Dean,” Castiel said. His tone was calm, controlled. “It’s not too much. You’re just saying that because you’re scared. But you don’t have to be.”
Dean heard a rustle and immediately pointed his bow. It had come from the shadows underneath the demolished walkways. Likely some birds or vermin—he’d certainly see a dragon the size of Blue-Eyes poking out of that recess, in any case. Dean clucked for Baby to keep going.
“No, sweetheart.” After another kiss to Dean’s nape, Castiel edged back a bit and soothed up and down his flank. “Please tell me.”
“No, I mean—I want to know if I have enough time to shoot a recipe beforehand. It’s a dessert. Should only take like fifteen minutes to set everything up and film, but I have to take a shower too.”
“You could do with some yoga too. It might help you relax your muscles after working them all day. You looked pretty tight earlier. After your shower.”
“Oh. Is that true, you chunky monkey? Well, you better exercise those off. We don’t want to get in trouble with Dr. Billie.”
“This is going to be such a key year for you. AP exams, your last summer in high school, starting senior year in the fall, applying to colleges—”
Castiel opened his slacks and pushed down his simple white boxers. His hectocotylus snaked down between his legs, coating his cock until it was wet and shiny.
“Hopefully it smells like me before farmwork and not after.” Dean cleared his throat. “Uh, I put fresh sheets on the bed. And left a towel for you there. The mattress is pretty comfy; I got it like six months before I moved rooms. Feel free to use the closet and the dresser; there might be some stuff in there I couldn’t find a place for anywhere else, but there’s plenty of room still. Here’s my old desk and chair. The window’s a little finicky. If it gives you trouble, try pulling in and lifting with both hands. Oh, and one last thing: Crowley’s not allowed in the bedrooms when no one’s watching him, so close the door when you’re not inside and when you go to bed. Uh, please.”
In the downstairs bathroom, Dean pissed, washed his face, and took several long drinks of water from the faucet. He smeared down his hair into something presentable. His bloodshot eyes stared back at him, and he averted his gaze to the porcelain sink guiltily. He tried not to drink like John had, tried not to make a fool of himself in the same way. Cursing, screaming, throwing things—Dean wasn’t like that, or at least that’s what he told himself. He just hoped he hadn’t scared Castiel off.
“Mhm.” Dean washed down the bite of donut with more coffee. “I still like chicks. And I’m not going to start wearing assless chaps or listening to Mariah Carey.”
“Huh.” Castiel tore off another hunk of bread. “Well, if you ever want to visit the Bay Area, I’d love to have you.”
“You better.” Castiel stopped scrolling. “Oh, there’s an Afghan restaurant in Woodley Park I’ve ordered from a couple times. We could walk through the zoo to get there.”
Castiel drew back a few inches, his eyes wide and his lips quivering. He pushed himself up with his arms on either side of Dean’s head.
“Yes,” Castiel said pensively. “Well, just use your best judgment with what you choose to tell him.”
Jack crossed his arms and turned away, scrutinizing the takeout menus magnetized to the refrigerator door. He had to be in a particular mood to talk about Kelly; even then, it seemed physically laborious for him to get the words out.
“Not just tentacles. They’re there, though. To the extent that my true form can be said to have physical features and not just comprise an intent, anyway.”
“Bored of me already, huh?” Dean turned around and jogged up the steps of the boat landing. “That’s okay.”
“Naturally.” Castiel swung the finderscope around again, searching the sky. “Okay, take a look. Not this lens, the other one.”
“Yeah, sure.” Dean pulled out of the parking space. “Maybe I’ll put on my new sweater when we get there.”
“Luke. He’s a year younger than Michael. Has an MD, but he’s only ever worked in medical research. Which is probably good; I can’t imagine him having much of a bedside manner. He’s…he’s like a real-life internet troll. That’s probably the most succinct way to describe him.”
They drove along the ridge-road. Dean announced the blueberries, the raspberries; he pointed to the serviceberries at the top of the hollow, where the drainage was best.
“It’s—” Castiel averted his eyes as he deposited more words in Dean’s hand. “An angel costume. I’ve had it for years. It’s easier to hang onto it than buy a new one every time the occasion calls for it.”
“I don’t know. My point is, what if we can’t reverse whatever’s happened? What if Cass is gone?” Dean averted his eyes. “Gone to me, anyway.”
“No more shame, Dean.” Castiel eased him away, stood him upright again. “You’ve spent too much of your life that way. I don’t want you to hide any part of yourself from me. I love all of you. There’s no part of you I don’t love.”
Jack sighed and speared a peach slice from his fruit bowl. Castiel filled Jack’s glass with apricot juice.
“Oh. I thought you were mocking me. Luke used to always say that when I got mad at something growing up.”
Dean barely had time to pull on his grey robe and step into his slippers before Sam was knocking at his bedroom door.
“Sorry. I just figured I’d make sure. I didn’t want you to be offended. Maybe you still are, but—” Castiel had a sudden thought. “How about this? You can visit me at my house, and I’ll make food for both of us. To thank you for taking care of me.”
Dean stared, roved his eyes down from Castiel’s bulging triceps to where his tight white T-shirt rode up above his navel. He had a perfect six pack, of course, the bottom half of it dusted in soft brown fur, and it tapered to his waistband, which, now that Dean was looking at it, drooped really damn low, almost low enough for him to see things he probably shouldn’t—
Dean averted his eyes because it was the truth. He’d been thinking about Castiel, how maybe he was about to see him again. How maybe he’d be waiting for him in his Heaven, standing at the beginning of that blacktop in the sky that stretched on and on forever. Just a memory, since the real thing was stuck in the Empty and that was all Dean’s fault. But a memory was better than nothing.
As they ambled over the parched earth, Dean peered at the tower in the distance, going over what he knew. He didn’t have to confer with his father’s journal; every word he’d written about dragons had been seared into Dean’s mind from a young age.
Sam watched Dean’s profile, adding this memory to all the others. He was behind on his first draft, and he’d have to revise his outline for the chapter on Dean and Castiel’s relationship. That was the nature of writing your story in a world with free will, he supposed. There wasn’t a plan to follow. You just kept living life, hoping to catch enough of the moments to make sense of it all.
The reason for his giddiness didn’t hit him until he flipped onto his side and caught sight of the empty bottle and glasses on the coffee table. Then, everything from last night rushed back.
“Dean, this is….” Castiel shook his head. “This is an incredible gift. No one’s ever done anything like this for me before. I don’t know what to say.”
“It’s the artists’ colony,” Castiel said, stating the obvious. “We can go poke around there for a few minutes if you want. They don’t allow cars past the entrance to the village, though.”
“We’ve only got a few of the housing units occupied now. Season’s tailing off here, everyone’s moving on. Probably won’t get more than a couple dozen boxes daily until it’s all gone.”
Closer now, and past the glare of the headlights, he was even surer of what he saw. Two green eyes, watching him from somewhere inside the graveyard, too far in to make out anything else. They hadn’t moved since he’d arrived.
Dean brought his coffee and raisin bran to the table and sat across from Castiel. “What do you mean?”
Dean tumbled out of bed and stretched. He could hear voices coming from the kitchen—Sam’s excited treble, followed by a deep, rich bass that Dean felt through the floorboards more than heard. Dean padded to his door, drawn to the new voice like metal to a magnet.
“Welcome.” Castiel turned on a few lamps in the living room, then the kitchen. “Make yourself at home. I’ll start the coffee. I figure any tour can wait until we get some caffeine in our veins.”
It was 9:15 when Dean finished in the bathroom. He started to worry that he’d be late. Could you be late to a protest?
He left without finishing his sentence, yanking on his hot dog pajamas and a black Metallica T-shirt when he got back behind his bedroom door. No, the semi in his pants was not from Castiel. He’d probably just brushed against his package too much while getting dressed. Little Dean was on a hair trigger lately because it’d been so long since he last got some action.
Dean nodded a second time, reminding himself to hold on tighter on the way back. He’d have to get used to flying again. He didn’t really mind that.
“Not sure,” Castiel murmured. “If I knew I had my handsome farmer to wake up to, that might influence my decision.”
“It was little things, usually,” Chuck was saying. “I had more fun with the little things. She did too, I think.”
“Oh.” Dean hung his head sheepishly. “Yeah, the bottle in my truck ran out. I only took my hat off for a little while to cool down.”
Huh. If C. Novak and the dad in the parking lot were one and the same, was he a single father? There hadn’t been a wife in the car with them, and none of the toiletries Dean had picked out for C. Novak so far indicated the presence of a woman—they were all either guy stuff or gender-neutral.
“It wouldn’t be a large hotel,” Castiel said, after a few seconds. “More like a bed and breakfast; maybe six, eight rooms. A boutique experience with a farm-to-table menu in the morning.”
“That was yesterday. We got back in the morning. You passed out before dinner last night. While you were
“Did I act rashly, sire?” Dean hung his head, performing subservience. “I thought I was doing the right thing. If I made things worse, I apologize.”
When the three of them left later that night, Dean immediately flopped down on the couch and turned on the news. Honestly, he hadn’t wanted Castiel to go to DC at all. There were already confirmed cases of COVID-19 there and all those human beings smushed together in that tiny postage stamp of land seemed like a great way for a virus to spread. He’d thought about telling Castiel his concerns, but had decided against it in the end. Castiel tended to chafe when Dean worried too much.
"Believe me, when you own a house this old, you need to learn the vocabulary." Dean held out his hand for Castiel to go ahead of him. "A belvedere's like...a little tower that comes up from the roof. It lets more air and light into the house. It's like a cupola. Or a roof lantern."
“It’s more like…it’s easy to immerse yourself in it,” Castiel replied. He neatened the sheets into a single sheaf and closed his laptop. “There’s a switch I flip in my brain to go into translator mode for the afternoon, and then—”
“Okay.” Castiel pecked his lips. “Well, I’m flattered. Weren’t you going to tell me about your dad?”
“I want you to fly with me. I want to make every one of your dreams a reality. Sometimes you’re a little too rooted in your ways.”
“I suppose I’m the same as you. I’m curious about the life I didn’t have. A new town every week; new sights, new people.”
“Yeah.” Dean breathed in the lavender and patchouli scent of Castiel’s scarf. “Speaking of surprises, you feel like helping me film tonight’s recipe? I was going to do it on my own, but now all those ‘deathsteel’ fans get both of us.”
“Um, I know I can’t tip you. But I have a proposal for you, one that I hope isn’t so presumptuous that you’ll stop being my personal shopper if you decide to say no.”
“Christ.” Dean let his head fall back to the—bed? Table?—that he was confined to. “You’re a sick puppy, aren’t you? Playing with your food?”
There wasn’t much in here. Dean had kept things pretty spartan when this was his room, mostly because his father endlessly complained that Henry’s antique- and knick-knack-filled house was “disorganized” and “feminine”—two of John’s favored terms of derision. Dean didn’t want to draw his dad’s scorn in the same way, though he always found it curious that, in spite of all his grumbling, John barely changed a thing about Henry’s home in fifteen years.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “He just wants you to open his gift now. I think you should, actually. It’s a really nice one.”
Chuck nodded. The whiskey bottle glugged for a second before being interrupted by the jingling of the preheated oven.
Castiel acquiesces, the light in his hand fading into almost nothing. He glowers at Benny with utter venom.
“Hey, Ellen.” Dean splayed open his wallet in front of him. “I’ll have the Doc Holliday, onion rings, and a root beer.” He motioned with his thumb. “And whatever he’s having.”
“I’m sorry for this.” One of Castiel’s tentacles—a long one, but not one of the two longest ones at the top of his “wings”—reached forward and plucked the lockpick from Dean’s hand. “Undoubtedly, it was distressing for you to wake up in such unfamiliar circumstances. That’s why I bound you: for your own safety. So that you wouldn’t hurt yourself or anyone else in your disorientation.”
For most of the rest of dinner, and then over some of that expensive Swiss chocolate ice cream for dessert, it was Dean and Jack talking. If Castiel minded Dean’s hasty shift away from the topic of Sam, he didn’t show it. He just nodded along, his expression pensive, asking occasional questions that Jack tended to giggle at because their answers were so obvious. And it wasn’t like Dean objected to the idea of Sam coming over, necessarily. It was more that he wanted to figure out what all these strong feelings he was having for Castiel were before he got his little brother mixed up in all this.
Sam looked down at the kitchen floor where the fallen tortilla had come to rest. “Sorry. I guess I’m just excited.”
“He must have heard about the loan from Bartholomew,” Castiel said, once they reached the second floor. “Or Michael. Or Father let slip; he’s scatterbrained, after all. I don’t know.”
The back office, which looked out onto a pastoral mural painted over the brick façade across the alley, took up the entire width of the ground floor. A single long worktable spanned the middle of the space, and half-moons of cozy seats alternated with minimalist bookshelves on the wall opposite the windows. Once Lisa excused herself, Mick invited them to one of the semicircles.
“Sounds good. Don’t think I’ve ever had Afghan food. Might give me some inspiration.” Dean turned up the radio. “Alright, I admit it. I like this song.”
Dean stared at the rows of spices. He’d told Sam about what he’d been doing with the ring a couple weeks ago, thinking that sharing something that embarrassing would motivate him to get his act together. It hadn’t.
“Hmm. I’ll think about it.” Castiel leaned over Dean’s shoulder to kiss his lips. “I’m going to go clean the telescope. I haven’t done it since before we left on our trip.”
Dean grunted in annoyance. He nudged in close and fitted his left hand over Castiel’s. The position felt incredibly intimate, like being embraced from behind, and Castiel almost dropped the spatula. It took him a second to realize what Dean was doing.
“Maybe later.” Dean pulled him upright and, without any further ceremony, shoved down Castiel’s slacks and underwear. His cock bounced out, hard and dripping.
“We’re larger than humans. My true form is about the size of….” Castiel peered at the holographic console as he lowered Dean to his feet. “Your Chrysler Building.”
Castiel switched from his work clothes into a T-shirt and form-fitting shorts, then wrapped the robe over it. After cinching the golden belt around his waist, he picked up his wings and halo and walked across the hall to the bathroom. Dean was sitting on the edge of the bathtub, still working on getting his jeans on.
Something shifted in Castiel’s bearing then. He stopped leaning into Dean’s umbrella arm; he squared his shoulders a bit more, putting a sliver of distance between himself and Dean. Dean could sense that he’d misstepped, but wasn’t sure how. His palm sweated against the umbrella’s handle.
Dean turned back for a kiss that stretched on and on. He’d just started twisting his spine so he could face Castiel again when Castiel broke away.
“What purpose does this serve to mating, Dean? Kissing, I mean. Many of the images on your internet depict it, yet it doesn’t seem to involve the exchange of gametes.”
Dean finished the flowerbeds around midday on Friday. As with everything on a farm, it had taken him longer than he’d anticipated, and he found himself rushing around the property, tying up loose ends, until the early evening. He topped up the chicken feeders, refilled the duck pond, and dumped a couple heads of iceberg lettuce around the coop, which the birds rushed to attack with wild-eyed zeal. He double checked the fence line and bade them goodbye.
“Chuck. He, uh, he said it used to be your favorite. Lobster pot pies from that diner. I just figured I’d ask.”
“I, um.” Castiel looked down. “I actually have to go to your room to get my suitcase. I forgot to grab it last night. When I….”
Dean rolled back on the desk chair. A pretty redhead in her late thirties was standing right beside the orchid that Charlie had gotten for the corner of the online order desk, drumming her fingertips on the laminate.
Sam and Eileen arrived while they were still filming. They hovered briefly behind the French doors to the living room before retreating from view. Once the video wrapped, Dean carried in the bowl of succotash and Castiel brought in the camera and tripod.
Dean drew back and opened his eyes. He draped his arms around Castiel’s shoulders and gently ran his fingers through his hair.
“Just a family thing. A fight. I wish I could say I was in the right, but I wasn’t. I never have been.”
“I love it. And I agree with everything you said. You put it so eloquently and….” Castiel looked up at him. “You really want us to be together? Like, for—”
Dean tried to play his last sentence off as a joke, but he couldn’t resist lacing it with a dash of bitterness. Castiel sighed.
*The traditional cheese used in cacio e pepe is pecorino romano, but I couldn’t find a high-quality vegetarian block of this anywhere. Parmesan is just easier to find at a good quality and often the only option you’ll have in many places when it comes to a hard cheese that doesn’t use animal rennet. That normally wouldn’t faze me, but I have a vegetarian staying with me right now. Last thing…please buy a block of good parmesan. This recipe won’t be good with whatever that powdered stuff is.
“Nope.” He looked down at the hem of Castiel’s sweater, where his T-shirt from earlier that day peeked out. “Nothing else.”
Dean grinned and turned off the engine. He’d just finished eating lunch and was back at the blueberry fields, but extending his break by a few minutes couldn’t hurt.
“Alright. Your birthday, I guess.” Dean returned to the roof and opened the picnic basket. “Can I offer you a drink?”
“That sounds like him.” Charlie paused. “Hey, if you’re building a bed and breakfast, you probably need a manager for it, right? Someone trustworthy, with experience?”
Dean nodded. He started pecking at the keyboard. It took a while, but his message finally came through.
“Look, Meg.” Dean gazed up at the streamers for dear life. “I know there’s been some…friction between us.”
Dean sat up and beamed. He’d gathered a few more towels from the bathroom and spread them over the couch cushions.
“Uh,” Dean said, once he realized Castiel was waiting for him to continue. “It’s hard to describe. I’d spent all this time thinking about how I’d tell him, feeling the stress pile up; and then when I finally arrived in the moment, it’s like all the nervousness fell away and I was just angry. Angry that I’d worried myself sick over how I’d tell him. Angry that I had to explain myself over something that isn’t anyone’s business but ours. Angry that I’ll have to do this over and over with everyone I know, and with total strangers, and then having to deal with their reactions.” Dean took a deep breath. “Did that make any sense?”
“Close enough. It doesn’t have to be exact. Once it’s mixed through, you’re going to lay the asparagus over the top. It helps if you have a wide serving dish like this one.”
“What else would it be?” Jack dropped the tissue paper and unfolded the single sheet within. “Wait. Dad!”
“Dean, that back there wasn’t the first time you’d died in that barn. It happened before. And you went to Heaven and Sam lived out his life, forty years in twenty minutes, and you and a group of production crew were there to meet him when he died. I wasn’t there; neither was Jack. Neither of you thought any of this was odd. You really don’t remember this?”
“Of course not.” Somehow, Sam’s smirk was even more infuriating when combined with a mouth full of breakfast cereal.
, according to this argument, isn’t about any of that “other” stuff (and it’s most certainly not about homoerotic subtext between any of our straight white male characters, dammit!).
When the bread-to-be is ready, bake for 20-25 minutes or until the top is golden brown and the bread sounds hollow when you rap it on the bottom with your knuckles. The internal temperature should be between 190 and 200 degrees Fahrenheit if you prefer to use a thermometer check instead.
Dozens more followed close behind, then hundreds—pink and green mostly, though every other color made an appearance eventually. They scattered down over the horizon like fruit blossoms in a stiff wind.
“Sorry. I even surprise myself with the things I say sometimes. We should probably go on with the tour before I make things more awkward.”
“Yes.” Castiel cleared his throat. “Don’t worry. I won’t last that long on my first time. We spend millennia working up to that point.”
“You can come with me to brunch, then.” Castiel reached for his towel. “If you like. I just have to shower first.”
Dean heated up the rest of the frozen enchiladas from two weeks ago for Monday’s dinner. He was halfway through his meal,
“I care about the whole world, Dean. I care about humanity in general, not just immigrants and refugees. Actually, did you know that Winchester is home to a larger-than-average foreign-born population? I have the statistics right here.”
“Be my guest. Maybe you can explain the appeal to me once you see them. Oh, but—” He straightened up as Dean and Jack rose from their seats. “Let me show Dean around first, Jack. It should only take a few minutes.”
Castiel turned back to survey the interior, letting the camera hang from its strap while he pressed his hands to his hips. Dean returned to the drive bay and pushed the cultivator back to its place at the side of the barn. Honestly, Castiel was right about it being a mess in here. Dean left machinery and tools out sometimes for easier access throughout the season, but that system of organization didn’t exactly yield the nicest photographs.
“I thought this would be a romantic excursion,” Castiel pouted. “This just sounds like you putting me to work.”
Dean let the door shut behind him and toed off his shoes. Their room was lit cozily by the vintage brass tree lamps that Castiel had set up on either side of the futon and the gooseneck light on Castiel’s desk. One of the windows was cracked open to the September breeze, and cool air licked at the perspiration Dean had worked up on the way home. The covers on the top bunk were thrown back and adorned with a prostrate book, suggesting that Castiel had been reading in bed when Dean arrived. A soft yé-yé tune warbled up from the iPod dock on their coffee table.
Oh well. Solving climate change wasn’t his problem. He was just a personal shopper at Food Land, not a politician or a scientist.
“I’ll let you pay me for when I’m doing stuff with Jack. Not when you’re there, obviously. When you’re working and you need me to hang out with him and watch him. You can pay me for that. That’s all.”
“Of course it is.” Castiel checked his phone. “Oh, Jack’s leaving now. Let’s start driving back. It’ll take us at least 15 minutes.”
Dean glided into the parking space in front of Castiel’s house and jogged up the stone walkway. His fingers trembled as he searched his keyring for the key to Castiel’s door. They’d exchanged keys back in July, around the time they’d first said “I love you.” The recipe for the week they’d gone to the hardware store to get them cut had been heart-shaped buñuelos.
“And I want to know everything. No weaselly politician stuff. If you want this—us—to go anywhere, you’ve got to look me in the eye, and level with me, and tell me what’s going on.”
“Yes.” Castiel rolled his eyes. “Hannah and Jonathan eat meat. There’ll probably be things like shrimp and salami among the hors d’oeuvres.”
“I think I’ll pass on that one.” Dean put down his phone. “Alright, Sam. If this post crashes and burns, it’s on you.”
Dean did as he was told. He clung to the feathers, feeling them thrum with power as Castiel fucked into him. His entire vision was colors—dazzling green, glittering azure, vibrating gold—as Castiel chased his orgasm. There were distinct feathers of every color of the rainbow; at the same time, each feather encompassed a rainbow within it. Both were true, somehow.
“I’m just throwing this in the oven and making a salad. Look, they even included an instruction card with the order.”
“I’m Castiel,” Castiel said, snapping Dean back to the moment. He was staring at Lisa in that slightly unnerving way that he reserved for new people.
“In the hotel suite, sure.” Castiel reached for his checklist. “You feel like getting through a few more of these before bed? We were on…signage, that’s right. I was thinking reclaimed wood with garlands of baby’s breath. Continuing with the magical forest thing.”
“Hey.” Dean lowered himself to the warm stone, pressing a kiss to Castiel’s lips once he was settled. Jack made a face but didn’t say anything. “What a view.”
“I feel like I can taste the colors.” Castiel wiped his hands on one of the kitchen towels. “What you said, though? It’s like a relationship.”
“August thirteenth. We usually get together for a few days before and after. You and I don’t have to stay an entire week, though. I remember you saying it was hard for you to leave the farm.”
“You can’t blame me, sire. Not after the way I found you, and your collapse on the way up the tower.” Dean chuckled. “‘Treatise on atmospheric phenomena?’ It’s a farmer’s almanac.”
For a while, Castiel feigned interest. Somewhere in the second hour, though, he retrieved his laptop to begin editing the pudding recipe, muttering something about the plot making his head hurt. While the video processed, he bemoaned “violent white male-centered guns and tuberculosis narratives” and pointed out the “overt homoerotic subtext” between Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday. Dean said they could play out some of that cowboy subtext later in the night if he just sat and watched the rest of the movie without complaining, after which he was on his best behavior.
Yuri sighed. “Alright, I should get going. Don’t want to miss the opening act. Nice meeting you, Dean.”
“Cass is fine, actually.” He counted out $200, four crisp fifties, and handed them to Dean. “I’d love to do this again sometime.”
Dean picked up his cocktail glass. He leaned over the island, meeting Castiel halfway, and rested his elbow on the butcher block. With his other hand, he readied his phone’s camera.
The flashlight came to rest against one of the graves, shining back towards Castiel. He crawled a few inches towards it before glancing over his shoulder.
“In an hour?” Castiel opened the browser on his laptop. “Oh, wow. Yeah, even my post on Instagram about it has a couple hundred comments.”
“Oh, right. Kevin’s coming back for the weekend.” Castiel turned to Jack. “He’s Dean’s friend who goes to UVA. The one we’re meeting on Monday.”
“You won’t miss living in DC?” Jack said. The wind lifted over the precipice, fluttering his golden hair.
“I’m not trying to make you feel bad, Dean. I just think it’s something we should talk about. Get it out in the open. That’s what they say to do, right?”
Sam started clacking away happily. He’d made it through four lines when the bunker door crashed open.
“We’re getting married in June.” Castiel lay his hand over Dean’s thumping heart. “We’re getting married in June. Wait, what about New Zealand? It’s full-on winter there in June.”
Jack overshot the mark wildly; champagne bubbled over the sides of his glass and soaked the table underneath.
“I’m glad you find yourself amusing,” Castiel said, dangling the egg basket on the other side of the deer fence once he’d finished. “Wouldn’t want you to get bored out here.”
Blue-Eyes had arrived in the valley seven years ago, on the wings of a storm. A pair of hunters who’d been caught in the wilderness by the sudden change in weather swore, once they’d returned soaked and shivering to the Roadhouse, that a winged shadow larger than the entire village had soared over them, alighting on the ruined watchtower straddling the ridge above. It gave a single, mournful cry, and that was the last they heard or saw of it as they ran for their lives.
Dean’s hands moved again. He ran them into Castiel’s hair, tugging gently as he went and grabbing fresh handfuls of it whenever it slipped through his fingers. He reached the tips and started over again. Castiel rolled his neck and hung his head, preening for him.
"It's not a real hug unless you get the wind knocked out of you," Sam said. "Alright, take care of him, Cass."
“I was pretty much a kid still. I was a late bloomer. Anyway, Gus and I met in the fields. Picking blueberries.”
“Right.” Dean did his best to maintain an impassive expression as he flicked the lockpick along the manacle, seeking out a latch. “You’re a damn alien. Get the hell out of here. There’s no such thing.”
“Thank you for doing all this research, Dean.” Castiel stroked his fingers through Dean’s hair as he settled in beside him. “Sweetheart.”
“No.” They kissed, and Castiel sighed with contentment. “That was a good day. I guess it’s our anniversary, then?”
For the first time since his return, Castiel hesitated. Dean had a stray thought of making a break for it while Castiel was distracted, but he dismissed it just as quickly. He knew Castiel would never hurt him. He knew that down to his very bones and blood that Castiel had breathed life back into all those years ago.
A few minutes before 12:45, Dean snagged the orchid and another plant, an aloe vera in a terracotta pot, from the floral department. He rushed to the pickup counter, taking a shortcut between checkout and Customer Service.
They’d reached the door of the tower. Castiel hopped from the horse’s back into Dean’s waiting arms. Dean steadied Castiel on the uneven stones, not letting go of his waist until Castiel nodded. His cheeks dimpled, and for a second Castiel thought he saw the boy he used to be. The kindness, the desire to do good, radiated off him, and Castiel wondered for a moment whether he’d misjudged.
Castiel emerged from the bathroom, scrubbing his hair dry with a  blindingly white towel, and strode to the foot of the bed. He yanked on his underwear without a trace of erotic sensuality. They were running late, after all.
Dean ignored Castiel’s skepticism like water off a duck’s back. He brought both hands to the steering wheel and started belting out “Whole Lotta Love.”
Dean shivered. He’d had months to prepare—years, to be completely honest—but he still wasn’t ready for those words in person.
He was partway through planning how he’d reboot the picking when he heard footsteps on the floorboards.
Sam read over the rest of the encyclopedia entry, searching for countermeasures. He supposed that this was the closest he’d get to Dean conceding defeat.
Castiel’s Adam’s apple bobbed in the moonlight. He flipped the shutter closed and returned to Dean’s arms.
Castiel’s eyes fluttered shut, and Dean swallowed his protest. He lay on his back and reached his hand down to where Castiel’s was at the middle of the bed. Castiel eased into it and sighed.
Castiel stretched his arms above his head and looked up at the boughs of the redbud. He grunted, and Dean heard his back crack.
“Yeah, I just want to see how many potato recipes I’ve done so far. Don’t want to concentrate too much on one ingredient.” Dean counted on his left hand. “Yeah, too many. I’ll go with my backup. How was your day, Cass?”
“Dad,” Jack whined. “I’ll stay over in Gabe’s room if it makes you feel better. I can drive home after breakfast tomorrow.”
“I appreciate this. And once the hives are back in the forest, I’m sure you’ll be making mead again in no time.”
He sipped his drink while he waited for a response. The temperature had fallen to the high 50s; Dean was having his whiskey heated, with a little honey and lemon peel.
“You did. I can’t choose just one. I loved everything. If you forced me to choose…maybe my library garden.”
“Yeah.” Castiel fidgeted with his phone before slinging the arm holding it over Dean’s body. “This is from the week before last. We went to a lobster restaurant in Rockland for his birthday. That’s why we’re wearing bibs.”
Dean crinkled up his bag of vegetable chips. “Well, going by what you’ve told me about him, I think the feeling might be mutual.”
The north-south road carried them to Eagle’s Head, the fishing hamlet on the island’s bottom tip. Castiel pointed out a hole-in-the-wall diner by the pier that he said was famous for its lobster pot pies, suggesting that Dean could get one to go for later.
Castiel huffed in irritation, and Dean couldn’t help but laugh. It looked like Jack tried to suppress it, but he started giggling too, first with his chest and shoulders and then with his entire body. At that moment, something shifted, and the rest of the day’s conversation between the three of them flowed with an ease that made Dean wish it would never end.
Castiel presses his forehead to the base of Dean’s neck. His breath comes out in quick, shallow jerks. Dean blinks, and then Castiel’s wings are filling the Impala, covering every window and blotting out the moon. The only light within is the faint, milky light they exude. Castiel’s grace.
“Oh. Then—” Castiel turned to him. “Then, that means you feel safe with me, doesn’t it? Since you’re not camouflaging yourself now?”
“Shut up, jerk.” Sam elbowed him back as he stood up with his empty bowl. “You want another one yet?”
Sam stood up from his stool, his mouth already curving around an apology, but Dean shot him a look of pure wrath. He returned to his seat meekly.
“Well, I only adopted him a couple years ago.” Dean climbed the steps again and scratched between Castiel’s shoulder blades. “And I have a picture of him in my office. And there’s one of him on our dresser. You’ve never noticed that one?”
“You are, sire.” Dean unfastened his right gauntlet and took Castiel’s hand. “You’re not just my prince, you’re the rightful king. I took a vow—”
Dean blinked. His back began to tense again, and Castiel soothed him with a hand up and down his flank.
He was gazing longingly at the bottom of his tankard, still waiting for Ellen to emerge from the kitchen, when he felt a hand clap his shoulder. Dean whipped around, one of his arms already raised.
before bed,” Castiel confessed. “There’s a whole section on the permeability of amphibian skin. I don’t want to inadvertently do something that harms you. It’s so tragic, how many amphibians are dying off. We humans really aren’t being good stewards of our shared planet.”
They walked along the line of reservoirs and rain gardens; Dean pointed out the catchment pool where he’d tumbled in and taken Sam with him.
“—And we figured that just telling the truth to you all from the start was the best way. So, that’s what we’re doing.”
“Then you’d be a dead man,” Dean said. He dropped his hand towards the hilt of his sword, just enough to send a message.
Castiel sighed. “Anyway, he’s often paired with the constellation beside him, Canes Venatici, or the hunting dogs.” He fiddled with the telescope. “Here.”
“Charlie’s brother does cruises on Lake Champlain Monday through Friday. We’re always busy with classes and…other stuff during the week, so I figured I’d pull some strings and get him to take us out today. Plus, this way we have the entire boat to ourselves.”
His phone shook against his leg as he was finishing in the mudroom. Dean tapped in his passcode as he walked to the bathroom for his shower.
“No, just a…creature. The size of a person, but not a person. It was green with green eyes. I thought it was a cryptid, but maybe it’s an alien.”
“You could be right.” Castiel reached for his champagne flute. “Quickly, Jack. Before it’s 2020. What’s yours?”
All of a sudden, Castiel felt all his indignation ebb away. His goal of defending his species, of teaching Dean tolerance, yielded to an overpowering desire to comfort the wounded boy on the ground below him who deserved so much better than his lot in life. He’d been robbed of a normal upbringing, a loving family, a stable home. His land was in chaos. He’d been all but penniless when they’d met.
“Of course you have. That’s not what I’m saying at all.” Castiel took another step towards him; Dean crossed his arms. “I know I should’ve talked to you first, but I just wanted to help. Wanted to take care of you. I don’t know why you’re being like this.”
Castiel sprang up and ran to the kitchen, then came back with the last bottle of beer left behind by Hannah and Jonathan. He handed it to Dean.
“Thanks,” Dean grunted. “Son of a bitch. I’m regretting not going for one of those starter dildos. Meg and Charlie be damned.”
Just after six, Dean, Charlie, and Kevin broke down the market stall and drove back to the warehouse. They unloaded the truck faster than usual—sales had been a fair bit higher than Dean had anticipated—so Dean got home a few minutes before 6:45. He looked at his phone as he closed the garage door behind him. It had vibrated on the short drive up the hill.
“Like getting him to do your cooking videos with you?” Charlie said, returning from the front of the stall. “That one you posted last night was…interesting.”
He closed Baby’s door and turned over the engine, got the air going. He had another 20 minutes to grab his normal salami sub at Crowley’s Café and scarf down as much of it as possible. At least he was friends with the manager if he ended up getting back a little late. There weren’t any orders until 1:45, anyway.
“Dean, I was wondering. I saw a…message on the fridge just now. You didn’t point it out to me before. ‘Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven—’”
“Goddamn.” Dean lifted up his T-shirt to wipe the sweat from his brow. “Waist up, definitely. You’re so fucking hot, Cass.”
“Alright,” Dean said, once he’d finished. “Now all that’s left is drizzling our lemon juice and sprinkling the rest of our herbs over the top.”
Back in the room, Castiel poured them wine while Dean plated the food. The sunset was fiery in the cirrus-streaked sky, and Castiel paused to admire it on his way back to the futon.
“Then they don’t have very good taste. In more ways than one.” He moved to the tripod. “Are we almost ready?”
Dean pounded the rest of his ginger ale like it was Natty Light and reached for a brownie, wishing he’d had the balls to sneak edibles into the student union. He needed to be drunk or high or both.
“But, uh, everyone starts somewhere,” Dean said. “Just means you’ve got room for improvement, that’s all.”
Dean snorts. It’s cute, actually. This dude—a tax accountant with a cushy corner office, by the looks of it—hasn’t seen a tenth of what he has. But he thinks Dean needs protecting. Whatever.
“That’s because you outdo yourself every year.” Castiel stood up and circled to Jack’s side of the table, engulfing him in a hug once he arrived.
Castiel stepped back from the mirror and doused the bathroom light. He walked out into the living room and paced, trying to calm his nerves.
“Okay.” Jack drained his glass and loped off down the hall. “I’ll build some furniture while I’m waiting.”
Castiel laughed, brief and quiet, before closing the last few inches of space between them and laying a kiss on Dean’s lips. Dean shut his eyes and kissed him back without any thought for the others at the table. Castiel’s hand was warm on his thigh, and the sunset on the harbor glowed bright and lazy over the side of his face. It was the freest Dean had felt in his entire life.
“Yeah.” Dean added his index finger to Castiel’s mouth. “Show me how it’s done, Cass. I trust you. I’m ready.”
“Sometimes I wish I didn’t have to hire so many pickers,” Dean said. “But with most of the plants in terraces, I can’t use automated harvesters. And besides, those aren’t really suited to heirloom berries.”
“I suppose the more important question is: why does it matter? You told me you didn’t care what people think of you.”
“Cass,” Dean said. His voice was more of a tremor against Castiel’s thigh than a vibration in the air, and for all of the Empty’s omniscience, Castiel felt sure only he could hear Dean now.
“Mhm.” Castiel stashed his phone in his pocket. “I’ll finish posting that later. You wanted to wrap presents now, right?”
Dean wasn’t sure exactly when he’d started thinking of Bunker Hill as Castiel’s home, or when thinking of the farm as “Bunker Hill” had stopped feeling strange and instead become prosaic. Both had happened at some point in the last month—one of the long, sun-drenched days or muggy, firefly-lit nights of July in Appalachia—but which of them precisely, Dean couldn’t say. The family journaling habit he’d picked up in the week after the Fourth wasn’t any help, either. The pages he’d filled mostly focused on his routes through the fields, what he’d cooked for dinner, and things he wanted to buy on his next trip into town. More than once, Castiel had gently admonished him for turning his “creative outlet” into a to-do list.
Castiel nods. “It’s not just that, though. When you ask for—” Castiel raises his hands for air quotes. “‘It—’”
“Hmm. To be honest, I’ve never been much for nightlife in general. Maybe part of it was having Jack so young. Or maybe it’s my personality, I don’t know.”
