"Now we're going to eat, you're lucky it are just sandwiches." They sat down and began to eat there lunch. Everybody was liking the food that Mary made. When nobody took more Mary stood up and putted the rest of the food in the fridge. From the kitchen she called, "Who wants pie?" Mary asked. "Me!" Dean called first and then the rest said, at a normal tone, yes please. Mary took new plates and Sam stood up to grab the pie.
Lucky for him he was helped really fast so they could still make it to the concert. They went to the concert and he loved it. But John was of course also enjoying the concert, so he didn't notice that Dean was getting beer all over him when he putted him down to take a few sips of his beer. It got all over his cast so it as getting soft and sticky. When John putted Dean back on his shoulder he didn't noticed so Dean just rested his arm on his head. When the concert was over Dean was tired and they went to the car. When they arrived John wanted to put him in the car but his cast had gotten hard again and it was stuck in John hair. John called me to tell me they were walking to the hospital because a stupid and funny thing happened. I heard Dean laughing in the background. So I woke up Sam and I drove to the hospital.
It was Sunday and on Sunday Dean washed Baby. What Dean didn't expected was that Cas came by. "What are you doing here?" Dean regret how it came out of his mouth, like he was pissed of. But he was happy Cas was there, they became really close friends. "I just wanted to say hey, are you busy?" Cas was looking at Dean weird, probably because he's wearing old clothes to wash Baby. "Today it's Sunday and on Sunday I wash my car. Don't you normally study on Sunday for Monday?" Dean asked. "Yes but I'm already done, it wasn't a lot, just a few pages, but hey if you want to wash your car it's fine. You want some food? I'm going to the grocery store for food." Dean was thinking that he was just invited to a date, but it wasn't Cas just wanted to be a good friend. "Yes, I would love that, some pizza maybe? Do you want me to give you some money for that?" Dean was kind of blushing and it was October so it's not from the heat. "No that's ok, a pizza doesn't cost that much." Cas laughed. "Well in that case I would like to have a steak with a very good but expensive sauce and some fries and maybe oysters?" Dean said very sarcastic.
"Hey Cassie, hey Dean." Gabe took Castiel's hand and they went to take some drinks for the group. "How are you Cassie, you're at a party that not something you do a lot." Gabe asked, "I know I never really liked parties, they are so wild and busy and some many people. I'm not going to stay long I guess I'm already freaking out." Gabe took Castiel's shoulder, "Hey Cas no worry, just calm down, I'm here for you ok. Please don't have a panic attack here." Castiel laughed a little bit, "I will try my best. Let's get the drinks to the rest."
"Hey, I have a question Chuck. Would you like to come over with Christmas?" Dean said without even thinking, Cas looked at him shocked. "Well I don't know, Cassie and I don't want to ruin every Holliday for you guys." "That's not a problem. We like having you 2 and we wouldn't mind having you come over more often." Mom said while looking at Cas. "Well if it's okay for Cas, I don't mind it." Chuck turned to Cas who was quiet the whole conversation. "Uh, yes, I guess it's fine for me." Cas didn't know what to say. "Okay, so you are coming for Christmas, I'm already looking forward for it." Dean said laughing because he didn't know if they would agree.
Dean is driving to the party with Cas next to him. Cas looks so damn cute with those cat ears. Dean is like always humming to the music. Cas is just nodding his head to the beat of the music. "Are you exited for the party Cas?" Dean asked when they were waiting at a red light. "Not really, I'm not the kind of person that likes to go to party's. Do you mind to take me home after the party?" Cas asked, "No not at all, at what time do you want to go back, it's Saturday so nothing to worry about." Dean asked while pulling over. "I don't know maybe at 12 or 1AM?" Cas sounds kind of weird, it sounds like he's lying or something. "If you want to get home before midnight that's fine for me. I will bring you home whenever you want you know that." Dean looked at Cas who looked more relaxed, "Thank you, that would nice. Cas said. They pulled up at the parking of the party. They got out of the car and walked inside. Charlie, Gabe and Balthazar were already their waiting for them.
Mary made bacon and eggs. Chuck got his food first because he's the guest even though he kept saying that Sam could have it. Sam made a toast for who ever wanted it. When Mary putted the rest of the food on the table she and Sam started eating too. "I want to thank you again for having me and my son over. I know you're going to say it not a problem but I see how happy Castiel is and it's not always easy to make him smile like he slime's here." Chuck looked up at Mary. "It's not a problem. I know what you're talking about, it also sometimes take a lot to see Dean this happy. I want to thank you too, for coming and everything." Chuck nodded and Sam smiled a bit.
Castiel was smiling. "Goodnight Cassie." He heard his father say from the next room. "Goodnight Dad." Castiel putted his phone down and went to sleep. He know they both had a lot of fun and with both of them he means Dean and himself. They only know each other for a few months but hey just have a connection. And with that Castiel went to sleep after a day he will never forget.
When he arrived he putted Cas on a bed and they start to take off his clothes and leave him in hos boxers. While they where undressing him Dean took off the bandage from his shoulder and checked the wound. It looked fine so he didn't looked at it twice.
Dean was really nervous to meet Cas' father because he doesn't know what he looks like and he doesn't know what to say to him. He hopes that Chuck is going to tell some good stories about Cas when he was younger, he does hope his mother isn't going to do that. Dean and Sam are helping their mother in the kitchen. "Dean can you put the oven on please, otherwise the turkey isn't going to be ready when we're going to eat the rest." Dean nodded "Sure, no problem." Dean putted the oven on and went back to making the cranberry sauce, his mother didn't really trust him on one of the big projects.
"Wow that's a wonderful story. Can I ask you a question Chuck?" Marry talked first so Sammy could think what he's going to say next. "When she died, what did you do? I mean did you ever stared dating someone else or did you did everything to make Castiel happy?" Marry asked him, it looked like she had tears in her eyes. "I never loved someone again after she died, well not until 2 weeks ago. I just went on a small date with someone of work but I will never love like I love Cassie's mother. She was my soulmate." Chuck said while he looked at Cas with a smile, Cas smiled back.
We need you to come to the bunker. I's Cas something is wrong with him but we don't know what's wrong. Gabriel is also coming but if it's a spell we will need you to make a cure."
They had that before when his parents were still together, they lived in a bigger house and one day someone showed up and said he knows John. John wasn't at home so they let him in and it turned out he wasn't a friend and he stole some thing while he was walking trough the house. They were luck John showed up before he left, Mary called him telling him a friend of him was at their house waiting for him. When John arrived he saw the man and called the cops before he went inside, he didn't know the man that was in his house. He waited some time when the man was at the other side of the house. He went inside and told Sam that he should lock the door and only open up when the cops arrived. He told the same to Dean and later also to Mary. They waited for the cops while the man was still in their house. When the cops arrived the arrested the man and gave everything back to the family.
Castiel was getting hungry but he didn't had anything in his fridge. Their is a grocery store a few block away from college, but it was on the other side. He took his jacket and went outside, hoping it's not going to rain, the weather in October is not always predictable. On his walk to the grocery store was Dean's apartment,
But when Dean sees that his first class was English he was relaxing a little, still hoping his class is not to big.
Dean arrives at his apartment 5 maybe 10 minutes later. He kicks out his shoes and he makes some coffee. While he's waiting he thinks how lucky he is with Cas as a friend. He cares for his friends more than anything, of course his dad but that's normal. Dean is thinking about something but kicks it out of his memory when his coffee is ready. When he is studying he's thinking to call Cas but that would be weird.
"I checked on the boys and there still asleep but Sam would probably be awake soon." She handed the coffee to Chuck. "I think Castiel and Dean would take a while. I'm a light sleeper and I heard them going to their room around 2:30 last night." Mary chuckled, "Maybe Dean took him to the lake, he likes to go there at night. It's a beautiful spot and it was a beautiful night. Dean normally has enough with 4 hours, he has that form John but maybe now he will wait until Castiel is awake. We will see right?" She chuckled a bit at the end. "Yeah. Castiel need 6 or 7 hours at least except when he has exams, then somehow he doesn't need sleep at all."
When Dean woke up Cas was gone. Dean was looking around the apartment but didn't see him anywhere. When Dean went to the bedroom he saw Cas' pajamas.
"Who wants to have something to eat or drink?" Mary asked. "I'm full thank you. I'm gonna turn in for the night. Goodnight." Chuck stood up and went over to Cas and gave him a hug and went upstairs. Then Sam stood up too. "I'm also gonna go and turn in for the night. Goodnight everybody." Sam waved at them and also went upstairs. "Okay, do you guys want something?" Mary asked Dean and Castiel. "No thank you." Cas said, "I'm also full thank you mom, if you want to go to bed that's okay. I will help Cas." Dean said looking at Mary. "Okay, goodnight sweetheart, goodnight Cas." Mary kissed Dean on his forehead and gave Castiel a hug. After Mary closed her bedroom door Dean stood up. "You want to go on a walk, I know a beautiful place." Castiel stood up. "Sure, I'll grab my coat."
They waved and when they couldn't see the car anymore they went inside. "We will clean this up tomorrow, now we're going to sleep. Goodnight my sweet boys." Mom kissed us goodnight and we all went to our room. When I just got into bed I got a text.
Dean putted his phone down and went to sleep. It took him a while because he was still thinking if he should be in college but Cas will help him and they will graduate together. And maybe while or after college something more will happen between the two of them.
When Castiel and Gabriel arrived at school their friends where waiting for them at their spot. It's their second year in college. Charlie was still a red head and as sweet and loving as always. Balthazar was still weird but in a good way. He met Charlie and Balthazar in college. Charlie went for a hug as always, while she was hugging him she was asking a million questions, typical Charlie. Balthazar went for their "secret" handshake. They sat down and they al talked about their summer, they where early at school because they want to talk about their summer.
"Why do you care more for her than for me?" That was the thing he asked them. They didn't knew what to answer because it came out of nowhere. Then I said "It's because they blame you for your mother's death." It came out of me without thinking. "Why?" It was the only thing he could say, he was looking at his feet. "Because she died short after you where born, you know that but I also told you that her death is not your fault. And you know what, if they can't treat you like their grandchild then we will leave now." When I saw their faces I knew I should leave and we did and the best part of the story is that my sister came with us because she cares for Cas and knowing that our parents blamed him for something that he didn't do is just sad. It's kind of sad but if you look at it, it is kind of a nice story because my parents called later but I was like a year or 2 later. The said sorry and told us that they where stupid." Castiel took over. "They still say they are sorry for blaming me but I don't care. I had a good bond with my aunt and niece. I survived without them and they say they care but I know they don't"
30 minutes later and Castiel was still unconscious and Gabriel couldn't stay in the room much longer so he went to grab some coffee for them.
After the pie everybody putted there plates away and went to the living room. Now it was time for the gifts. Nobody knows what they are going to get. Sam was the first one to get on of his gifts, it was a book from Marry. It's was a book about space. Next was Chuck, he told Marry, Dean and Sam that they would not need to buy a gift for him because staying with them was his gift. His gift was from Castiel, it was a kitchen robot, the one they had broke. Next was Dean, he got a record holder from Sam. Castiel got a few records from Dean, Marry and Sam. He got a record player from his dad. They probably made a arrangement. Sam got a poster from Dean and a bookstore gift card from Castiel. Mary got a cookbook from Sam and new baking trays from Dean. Last was Castiel's gift for Dean. Dean got a limited edition record from Led Zeppelin.
Castiel saw them coming at him but he ignored it hoping they would leave him alone. "Hey fag what are you reading?" Alastair asked with a tone Castiel knew was fake. And before he n-knew it he got a fist in his face. The whole room started looking at them. "I asked you a question fag. I think the little fag is deaf or he lost his voice. What do you think?" And another fist collided with his face. Now he could taste blood in his mouth. He looked at them with a little bit of fear in his eyes. "Look the little fag is scared of us, that's what we want to see. We like that fear, like a lot."
When the class ended Dean stood up first. "Do you mind if I come with you, I don't really know anybody here and you look like a nice person to know more of." Castiel was surprised but also he kind of hoped Dean would ask something like that. "Yes sure, I'm meeting with my friends in 10 minutes, you can come and meet them, but if you don't want to that's ok to." Castiel said that while he was putting his papers away. "I would like to meet your friends, are they all so nerdy like you?" Dean laughed. "Charlie is also kind of nerdy but in a different way, she like star wars and more but I don't know a lot about it. One thing never call me nerdy, I'm just interested." Castiel said that with more confident then he ever had. Dean started laughing, "Ok, sorry for that. I like it, my brother is a little like you but you're smarter." Dean walked trough the door and waited for Castiel to walk out.
Now they are staying in a hotel but they are packing their stuff to go to the Winchester's. Chuck was going to stay in a extra room and Castiel was going to stay in Dean's room. Dean already told him that they are going to have a girl's night. Castiel didn't know what to expect but he will see when the time comes. "Are you ready Cas, we need to leave in 10 minutes. Make sure you don't forget something." Chuck said while putting his bag at the table. Chuvk doesn't have hair at the moment and he refuse to wear a wig. 'That's for girl's.' That was one of the first thing he said when they told him he could wear a wig. His sense of humor isn't gone but his hair is.
"Diner's ready!!" Dean screamed trough his apartment to reach Cas where ever he was sitting. Cas came and sat down at the table, "This looks good and it smells good too." Dean laughed "What did thought that I'm going to make diner when I can't cook, then it was better to order pizza." Cas laughed stared eating, he looked up, "This is good, maybe you should be working in a restaurant or better start you're own." Cas said, "Thank you, I don't think that's a good idea. I going to put on the tv and start the movie?" Cas nodded while he was still eating his steak and he took some fries. Dean started the movie and sat down. They were quite the whole time, when they were done Dean stopped the movie and they putted their empty plates in the sink. They moved to the couch and Dean resume the movie.
Of course Cas being Cas he didn't believe me. I told him to wait a little bit and then we would see Mommy. We waited for 15 minutes and it was pretty dark by then. Then he said that he still didn't see Mommy, then I told him to look up. We both looked up an we saw the stars, I told him that all the stars or people watching over their family. Then like Cas he asked me which one was Mommy. I didn't know what to answer, I told him that he should look at every single one of them and then he would see one that he would have a connection to and that would be his Mommy. He looked up at the sky and after 2 minutes he said to me he found her. He pointed his finger out to the one I was talking about.
Dean pulled up at the house. His dad's car was at the driveway. He took a deep breath and stepped outside the car. He knocked at door. After some time his dad opened the door. "Hey-a dad, how are you?" Dean asked while his father was looking at him. It looked like that his had seen a ghost. "Hey, Dean. I'm, I'm good, thanks. How, how are you?" Dean smiled a little, he never heard his dad stutter. "I'm good dad. I came to get something but I didn't know you were going to be home. If I knew I would've brought something. Can I come in?" Dean asked while his father still saw a ghost. "Yeah, yeah of course come in. Don't worry, do you want something to drink?"
So if you ever look at photo's of the family at some of them John would be bald. We had to explain it to some friends and they laughed a lot because it is stupid but it was the truth." While Mary was telling the story they all started laughing a little because it was a stupid thing that had happened. "So because of you your father had to go bald, that new for me." Castiel laughed at Dean. "Yes I know. He never blamed me, he found it really funny." They kept talking a little bit after that. Castiel and Chuck had asked Dean if he liked the concert and of course his answer was yes. If they had to believe him it was the best ever.
When Castiel and Chuck were 5 minutes away from Dean's house Chuck putted the music of. "Are you ready? I can see you're nervous." Of course Castiel was nervous, he was going to a friends house for thanksgiving, that's weird. "Just a little bit, nothing to worry about. How are you dad, are you feeling sick or something because if that's the case we need to blow it off." Castiel asked not looking at his father. "Cassie don't worry about me, I'm fine. The treatment starts next week, I only need to take those pills for the pain and to be honest, I think the pain is less at the moment." Castiel nodded and didn't say anything. Later they arrived at the house, it was a really nice house, it's not really big but it's also to small. Castiel knows Dean lives there with his mother and brother so they don't need a really big house for just the three of them. Castiel and Chuck stepped out of the car and went to the door and knocked on the door. They could hear someone coming to open the door.
Then it was Castiels turn, "So what did you do this boring summer Cassie" of course that was Balthazar, he and Gabriel had "Cassie" as nickname for Castiel. "I didn't do something special, I helped my father in the garden and I cleaned the house and of course Gabe and I went to the beach." The beach beach was Castiels favorite place, it's was calm and quite. He liked the sound of waves going over the sand and going back, he wished he lived their.
... "0" "Merry Christmas everybody." Everybody went to hug everybody and saying Merry Christmas. Dean and Castiel where last the last one. "Merry Christmas buddy." Dean said before giving a hug. "Thank you Dean, you too."
When the movie was done they stood up and cleaned the dishes, Cas asked some questions of the movie, he did like the movie otherwise he wouldn't ask questions about it. Dean explained everything and Cas looked happy. "I think it's better for me to go home now, it's getting late and we have classes tomorrow. I really liked this, we should do this more often but not on a Sunday because then you wash Baby." Cas said while taking his trench coat. "Yes of course this was a lot of fun. I can wash Baby on other days, no worry. Maybe if we do it on Saturday we can stay up later?" Dean kind of regretted that question really quick. "That fine by me." "Would you like a ride back to your apartment, it's dark and cold outside." Cas looked outside for a few seconds, "Yes, if that's not a problem for you?"
"Of course not, why would that be a problem. I don't want that you are going to get hit by a car or something. Let's go." The rest Dean didn't say, he took his keys and they went to the car.
"Yes but it's not a story like the one Chuck just told." "That's no problem. I would love to know a little bit of Dean's past." Mary nodded. "Okay this one is a funny story I believe. Dean was 6 years old, Sam was almost 2. They were playing together when John came home. John had a surprise for them. We told them to sit down in the cough. We gave Sam his present first, it was a dinosaur packet. He loved dinosaurs a lot and it was something that he could discover his own dinosaur when he would play in the sand.
When Dean got out of the hospital he took his keys and started Baby and went straight to college. The class started around 5 minutes ago so he's not missing to mush. A little bit later he parked his car at one of the only spots left. He is running in the building looking for his class, he didn't remember what building he had to be in so he took a look at his phone where his classes are all lined up, of course that was because Cas told him to do that. He was in the correct building but he needed to go the other way, so he did that and looked for his class.
Dean was 6 so he wasn't really for dinosaurs anymore. After Sam got busy with his gift John gave Dean's present. His present were tickets to a concert from AC/DC. John always loved older music and so did Dean. In the first place I didn't wanted my son to go to a concert but the concert was when he just turned 7 so he would be a little bit older by then. Dean was really happy with it. So when they were getting ready John gave him a AC/DC shirt. Dean was so happy that he got his own shirt he ran down the stairs to show it to me. But he wasn't looking where he was going and he fell. He ended up going to the hospital, he had a broken arm.
Sam nodded and sat down. Dean took his coffee and sat down next to his brother and they talked about the hunt and about the weird woman that was there.
Dean was sitting in front of the door of the building, looking at the street. Cas made his promise true and he arrived shortly after the phone call. "Hey Dean, you really just locked yourself out of the building. That's not really smart you know." Cas couldn't hold his laugh while saying the words. "Very funny Cas. I'm not the one who just left without saying anything." Dean looked at Cas. "I didn't wanted to wake you up, it was really late last night. And you slept on the couch that is not really nice." Cas opened the door and they went inside and went to Cas' apartment. "I don't care, I don't need a lot of sleep. Normally I have enough with four hours." Cas placed the bags on the table. "Okay, sit down and eat while it's still warm." Dean sat down at the table and they started eating. Cas was right when he said he had food for the whole day, maybe even for two days.
When Dean looked at his phone to check the time it was already past midnight. "Hey guy, thanksgiving is over, it's 1:56AM. We didn't even heard all the stories yet." Cas now looked at his phone looking at the clock. "God yes, if you don't mind dad I would like to go back to the hotel. I'm not used to going to sleep late and I'm going to feel that tomorrow." Chuck stood up.
Dean and his friends where sitting at a table pretty close to Castiel. Dean looked at the kid and thought 'why is he reading, why are his eyes so blue?' Of course the guys started talking shit about Castiel when they saw Dean looking at the kid. Dean liked to hurt Castiel or Novak a lot at the beginning but he grew a soft spot for him. Then he heard his friends say "Let's beat him up." And they all stood up.
Dean was at Cas' place in a few minutes. He just arrived and Cas was standing in the door way. He probably heard Baby from a mile away. "So come on in and let's talk." Cas let him inside and closed the door after him. "Do you want something to drink?" Dean shook his head. "Okay so tell why you are thinking about leaving college." Cas looked really worried and serious. "I don't know, I just want to be a mechanic, I don't need a college degree for that. My brother Sammy is going to go to college after high school but he's going to be a lawyer. You can't be a lawyer without a college degree but a mechanic is different. I just think I'm throwing away money that could be used for something else. What do you think?"
"Hey Cas, you okay? I think you're daydreaming again." Dean woke Castiel up from his dream, "Yes sorry I was thinking about something but it's not important. Sorry." Dean sat down on his bed and by his face he wanted Castiel to sit next to him. "It's okay, I know how easy you wonder off in that little brain of yours." Dean is teasing Castiel, it is true he does dream a lot in a day. Most of the time it was about the beach.
Chuck was the second one to wake up. He went to the bathroom to take a glass of water. He took his medication and went to take a shower. When he was fresh and clothed he went downstairs. When he arrived at the kitchen he saw Mary with a cup of coffee. "Good morning Chuck. Do you want a coffee?" She asked looking up from her breakfast. "Good morning Mary. That would be nice thank you." He watched how she made the coffee so he would be able to do it by himself.
The next day Dean was the first to wake up. He stood up and went to the kitchen to grab himself a cup of coffee.
When Castiel went in the bathroom he changed, after he changed he checked his phone. He has some texts from friends. He texted all of them back and started brushing his teeth. It's weird to celebrate Christmas somewhere else, almost his whole life it was just his dad and him. He like's it that it's different now. He picks up his stuff and went back to the bedroom. When he entered the room Dean was sitting on his bed looking at his phone. "Something wrong?" Castiel asked, "No it's nothing. Just got a text from my dad. Didn't expected that." Dean putted his phone down. "Well maybe that's going to be the new thing he does. Maybe when you visited he missed it." Castiel took his bag and took out his charger. "Yeah maybe."
When Castiel and Dean went back to the dining room everything was ready. They sat down and everybody was eating and it was quiet. That probably means it's good. When everybody was as good as done Dean did something that Castiel wished he wouldn't do. "So Chuck, do have like a good story about Cas when he was a little boy. Well he's still a little boy but when he was younger?" Castiel hoped his father wouldn't remember any story but it was still Chuck so he remember everything because he loved Castiel so mush that when something happened he wroth it down or took a picture.
"You noticed something off about Cas today? He didn't finished his coffee, barely touched his food. It looks like something is off. And let's not forget, he was dead to the world when he was asleep, normally he would wake up with a single knock."
While Dean was talking to his mom Cas went to the bedroom. He's taking a shower. Dean sat at Cas' bed and started the tv. He know that Dr. Sexy is going to be on soon and he hopes that Cas is okay with that.
When Castiel arrived at his apartment he felt happy, not the feeling he was accepting to feel after the first day of school. He started working till it was 10PM, he only paused to eat at 7PM. He had some texts from Gabe asking how the rest of his day went, Gabe had left school around 2:30PM, Cas was still in his class till 3:15PM. He also had a call from Dean, asking something what they did last year, he didn't understand it. Castiel thinks he did understand it, he just wanted to talk to him. But Castiel doesn't think that for very long because their friends, friends talk so its normal, I guess? When Castiel is done he calls Dean. "Hey Cas, why are you calling? Are you studying?! God you really are nerdy, sorry interested." Dean laughed because of his mistake but Castiel feels like it was on purpose. "No, I just finished. What are you doing and do you understand the thing what you asked me earlier?" Castiel thinks he's stupid for asking. "Yes thank you for that, before you called I was planning to go to sleep, but if you want to talk that's ok for me." Castiel smiled a little bit, "No, I will let you go to sleep. Goodnight Dean." Now he feels stupid because maybe he waked him. "Oooh... ok good, Goodnight Cas." And the line went dead after that.
He was thinking if he should leave the Cassie in but it was to late, not that it was a problem. He went to sleep after that hoping Cas had a good time today.
When they arrived at the hospital they took Castiel away, the nurses asked who they could call for Castiel and he said his brother Gabriel, Dean knew Castiel parents aren't really in the picture. They called Gabriel and now he had to wait.
"Heya Cas!" This time Dean screamed a little bit probably because Castiel was that far gone. "Oooh, I'm sorry, this time I was thinking about the sea." Castiel said with a little shake in his voice because he got scared a little bit when Dean screamed. "It's okay Cas. Did I scare you? Are you okay? I didn't mean to scare you but I had already called your name like 10 times so I had to speak a little bit louder, sorry." Castiel could hear that Dean was feeling guilty.
Dean was resting on his bed waiting for Cas and Chuck to arrive. He told his mom and Sammy that he will answer the door when they arrive because he's the only one who know Cas and who knows if some weird person will show up at their door and pretend to be Cas.
It's the first day of college for Castiel and his friends. They all had a nice summer and they spended time with their family.
"We should take him to the infirmary. We can check him out there." Sam said while looking at Cas with a worried face.
While heir were driving Dean was humming to the music, Castiel was just listening to both. The drive to the grocery store was short, Castiel was happy that Dean helped him to get there because when they arrived it's start raining really hard. The both of them rushed in the store to get to a dry place. "You're lucky I brought you here or you would be drained." Dean laughed a little bit but was also breathing heavy from their small run. "Yes, thank you for that. Now let's go and grab food and something to drink and then we can go back. I don't like really grocery shopping." Castiel stared walking.
The brothers were done with their part for the meal so they went upstairs. Dean went in his room and looked for something nice to wear. He couldn't believe that he was nervous to see Cas and his dad. Dean went to take a shower before he's going to put his clothes in. Like always he putted his music so loud that Sam could hear to in his room. For once he didn't went to Dean and ask him if he would put it down a bit, well he never really asked, he screamed it so loud that his voice would be gone if he would do that for to long. Sam knows that Dean is nervous so he let him be.
"What's wrong with him? Do I need to come by? You promised you would keep him safe Dean? What happened?"
Castiel putted his phone away and got dressed. He took his backpack and lunch and headed out of his apartment.
Dean stands up and goes looking for Gabe and Cas. He goes to the bar where you get the drinks. "Have you seen a man with cat ears here, it's around 10 minutes ago?" The man looked at him, "Yes, their drinks are still standing here, when they were waiting one of the two had to go outside I guess." Dean looked to the door close by. "Okay thank you. Someone is going to gets these drinks later."
When Dean enters the room he sees 15 maybe 20 people in the room. He looks around a little to see where he's going to sit, then he sees a small/tall men sitting alone looking at his phone. He has dark hair, Dean thinks it's black but isn't sure. Then he look up,
"He's on his way, didn't sat how long it will take. Nothing changed by the way. He's still out, he hasn't even stirred."
While they where killing the vamps the with took her shot. She took a small knife and throws it toward Cas. Cas felt the knife in his shoulder. He turned around to look for the person who did it. When he turned around he saw a young woman standing in the doorway, he knew she wasn't a vamp.
Dean noticed Castiel opening his eyes. He stood up and called his name. "Cas, Cas can you hear me?" Castiel looked up at him with confusion. "I'm sorry Cas, I need to tell you something."
With that in his mind he calls Cas, asking something stupid. Because Cas is so sweet he explains it as best as he can in Dean's language. When he's done explaining they talk a little more but after that they start working again on their own. He likes it when Cas talks about something he like, Dean could feel Cas' smile trough the phone.
After and hour Castiel still hasn't woken up so the nurse called 911. Dean begged the paramedics that he could go with them. They said it was okay and they loaded Castiel to a stretcher. When they where on their way to the hospital they took Castiel's vitals and checked his headwound.
Dean and Cas where not tired yet so they played Mario kart instead. Dean won the first 2 rounds. When Cas won the third one they where becoming tired. "I think it's bets for us to go to sleep too. Tomorrow we can continue the game if you want." Dean said looking a Cas who had trouble keeping his eyes open. "I think that's a really good idea. I'm going to change." Cas stood up and went to change in the bathroom while Dean changed in his room.
Cas putted his phone down and went to sleep. Before he was asleep he heard his phone, he got a message. And with that he knows Dean was safe and that he could go to sleep without any problem.
While they were eating Sammy was talking about the girl he met, Jessica. How he talks about her you can see that he's in love with her. "So did the two of you went on a date?" Chuck asked. "No no, I don't think she likes me that way." Sammy looked down at his plate. "Well by the way how you explain what you two do and how mush you talk with her, I think you should try it. I had the same thing when I was in love with Cassie's mother." They he went silent for a short time, "I thought she didn't like me that why but a friend of me said that I should try and if it doesn't work out, she doesn't know what she will be missing. So I asked her out and it went good and 5 years later I asked her to marry me when she was pregnant with Castiel." Sammy didn't know what to say.
When Cas was in his room he took of his clothes and changed in his pajamas but didn't put the shirt on just jet. He took some bandage and cleaned the stabbing wound. It didn't look to bas so he just cleaned it and put bandage on and left it with that. He putted and his shirt and went to bed.
When Dean got outside he saw Gabe and Cas sitting on the flour. "Hey what's going on? You have been gone for like 10 minutes." Both of them looked up, they both had tears in their eyes. "What's wrong?" Dean sat down next to them. Cas stood up and went back inside crying. Dean wanted to follow but Gabe stopped him. "While we were waiting on the drink he had a call from his father. You know he was feeling a little sick the past two weeks. Turns out he has cancer. That's why we went outside, sorry." God what does he need to say now, Chuck is the only family Cas has. "God that's..., I don't have words for that. How bad is it?" He looked back at the door. "They don't know that yet, he needs to get some test to see what it is exactly." Gabe stood up and helped Dean up to. "Maybe you should go to him, I don't know what to say anymore. Chuck is like a father to me too, I can't help him at the moment because I don't know how." Dean nodded. "Yeah that's fine but what do I say?" Dean asked. "I don't know, maybe you should get him home. He doesn't like parties anyway." Dean nodded again, he's doing that a lot at the moment. "Okay, I will look for him and bring him home."
Cas slept for about a hour before he was awoken by a heavy headache and dizziness. When he stands up he feels darkness coming up so he sits down again. After a few minutes he feels a little better so he stands up again. It's going a little better so he makes his way towards the war room where Dean and Sam probably are.
"I'm going to check on Cas. You make a list of things that you need from the store an don't forget the pie.'
Dean didn't wanted to take a shower so he just putted his pajamas on. When he was done in the bathroom he had a text from Cas.
He stood up and called out Cas' name. He went towards Cas and kneeled down next to him. Cas' eyes were closed and it looked he was unconcious.
Sam was next to be awake like expected. He goes to the bathroom to shower and brush his teeth. He went back to his room and changed. He took his phone and went downstairs. When he arrived at the kitchen he heard Mary and Chuck talking. "Good morning mom, good morning Chuck." He greeted them. "Good morning sweetheart. If you want coffee I just made a pot so there is enough for you." Mary putted her plate away. "Good morning Sam." Sam took a cup and took the coffeepot. He sat down next to Chuck and looked at the news at his phone.
"Well you're not alone. I asked myself that question like a million times. How would life look like if she was still here. I think it would be different and that I would love that life." There was a pause for a moment before Castiel spoke again. "But then I think
It was around ten when Dean woke up. When he woke up he first looked at his phone to see how late it was, after that he checked if Cas was sleeping. When he saw he was he went to the bathroom to shower. He took a quick shower and brushed his teeth. He went back to his bedroom to take clothes to change into. Cas was still sleeping so he was being quite. He went back to the bathroom to shave and make himself presentable.
That night Castiel and Dean made a list for what day they will call and what they they meet and where. After that they where going over some stuff they saw in class today. They order pizza and ate while watching tv. "Do you think we are still going to be friends after college?" Castiel asked all of the sudden. "What? Why are you asking that? Of course, I would be stupid if I let a friend like you go." "I don't know it jus popped in my head and I was thinking about it for a while. Because Gabe kind of asked the same question but a little bit different. He ask if we would still be close friends if we would go to college. Back then we weren't sure if we would be in the some college. It just popped in my head that's all.
They all enjoyed the meal. They shared jokes and small stories from school. Sam talked about him and Jess. Dean talked about his Baby and that he's happy he can work on her at school. Mary talked about someone at work that just had a baby. Chuck talked about the woman he's dating. They asked Chuck about his treatment and he answered all of them. Castiel talked about school and nothing else. He doesn't have something or someone to talk about at a family dinner. Not that he wants someone but it's just weird for everybody to talk about people, except Dean of course, they love and he only has school. One day he will talk about a boy and he will not feel left out.
Cas was with Gabe getting drinks so Dean was with Charlie and Balthazar. "What do you think that after this party wo go to my place and get even more drunk!" Balthazar screamed, "Yes, now Balthazar that's a wonder full idea. I'm a 100% in for that!"
When Castiel saw the message he called Dean. "Hey Cas" "Hello Dean." They always started there conversations like that. "Where are you Cas, are you okay?" Dean sounded concerned. "I'm walking back home, I went to grab breakfast for us, I didn't know what you would like to eat so I just ordered everything." Dean laughed, "Cas you didn't had to order everything, bacon is good for me." Castiel didn't know that. "Sorry I didn't know thatn well we have food enough for the whole day I guess. Are you outside Dean?" "Yes, I thought you maybe went on a walk and if I went on a walk we would meet somewhere. But I'm walking back now, because I know where you are." Castiel laughed a little bit. "Why where you looking for me? Are you afraid I would just leave you alone at my place?" Castiel asked it with a sarcastic tone. "No, maybe, I was just worried that you where going to do something stupid. I only have on problem, I don't have a key to your place so I need to wait for you outside." "You're stupid, I'm in the street of the building, I will be there in 1 minute." "Okay, I will be waiting here for you."
Castiel was feeling a little happy that Dean wasn't the one who was giving the punches, he's the strongest one of the whole group. After the punch Azazel gave him he said, "Please, leave me alone. I haven't done anything." and with that he made is worst. "I know, that's why we like you so much, you're a innocent little guy. The only thing what's wrong with you is that you are a fag, and that is why we bully you. You are an easy target and weak. If Dean over here gave you one punch to the face you would be out cold."
With that Castiel stood up. When he walked in the living room he saw that Dean was sleeping on het couch. Castiel didn't wanted to wake him but he was hungry. He changed into some other clothes and he went outside and went to grab breakfast. It was a 5 minute walk so it was not far. He was hoping Dean is not going to wake up when he's gone. When he arrived he thought about what he's going to eat and what Dean would like to eat. He ordered a little bit of everything so there would be something Dean would eat. He had to wait a long time for his food but he brought his phone. He started reading a book online.
"Yes I have a lot of stories. There are so many that I don't which one would tell. Well we have Christmas to so then I will tell more stories." Chuck was enjoying this so mush, not that he is happy Castiel is going to sink away in his chair but because Castiel was his only child and he always went to talk about him because he's so proud at him.
Everybody was quiet, Castiel knew that this would happen when his father started the story. "Well I hope you're happy Dean. Now, Mary, do you have a story about Dean that you can think of right now? I would love to hear it." Castiel looked at Dean, he gave a stare. If a look could kill someone Castiel would be dead by now.
The thing that is scaring Dean the most is that Cas doesn't even stir while they are undressing him and cleaning the wound.
When Cas got out Dean went in and brushed his teeth and washed his face. When he got back in his room Cas was already in his bed. "You asleep?" Dean asked quietly. "No not yet even I wouldn't mind to go to sleep." Cas said in a grumpy voice and Dean laughed. "Yeah me too. I have one question before we go to sleep." Cas looked up. "Sure, shoot." Dean nodded. "How did you got that record? I have been trying to get my hands on it for a really long time." Cas laughed a little. "I have connections, Gabe helped me a little. It was not that hard, I'm happy you liked it."
"Well okay, I'm going to change and then go to the store. Let me know if he is awake and wants something."
"Sure but you don't have to because you feel sorry for me." Castiel looked away. "No I just don't think is good for you to be alone, I want to help you but I don't really know how." Dean said with a shake in his voice. "You can't really, only when you are a doctor or know a good one that can help my father." Castiel went to the bathroom to change. "I wish." Dean said a little louder so Castiel could hear him. "Maybe I shoulder go to medical school to study and heal your father." Castiel came out of the bathroom smiling a little bit. "You don't have to spend money for that, it's really expensive." Castiel said back. "Hey, did I just saw a smile on your face? That's good to see that my Angel named friend didn't lost his smile. That would be a real shame." Dean was almost singing when he said that. "No worry Cas, I will help you and you're father the best I can, maybe I can cure him with singing what do you think?" And Dean starts running trough the room and singing a made up song about Castiel. "I don't want my father to become deaf Dean." Castiel laughed. "Well maybe that's true but I at least made you smile. Do you mind if it burrow something from you to sleep in?" Dean asked a little to serious. "Yes of course, one second." Castiel went the his closet and took some clothes out. "Here you go, it will probably be a little small for you." Dean took it and went to the bathroom to put it on.
When Castiel woke up he took a book and started reading for a while. Then he thought about last night.
When Dean dropped of Cas he felt empty. When he arrived at his place again it felt different. Lonely and empty.
"I asked if you met someone this summer?" Castiel was a little surprised by that question. "No I didn't why do you ask that, of all question?" Castiel asked back. "No reason, I just don't understand how a beautiful person like you still doesn't have someone, you're nice and cute and really smart, how else would I be in the next year, because you helped me..." "Maybe you should date him Charlie, you keep talking about him." Balthazar laughed while he interrupted Charlie. Charlie didn't comment on him, they all have learned it's the best way.
"Of course I love it, thank you Cas. Goodnight." Dean went to lay down. "No problem. Goodnight Dean." And with that the 2 boy went to sleep with a smile on their face.
"We don't know, he passes out like 10 minutes ago and hasn't woken up and didn't even stir while I was cleaning a knife wound he has. You need to come maybe you can heal him or do something at least.'
Castiel opened the door and went inside, Dean followed him. "You want me to help with something?" Castiel didn't know what to answer. "I don't know. I don't think so." Cas said while taking his pajamas. "If you want I can stay here, I can sleep on the cough. Or do you want me to go because I understand that." Castiel looked at Dean shocked about what he just said.
"You guys ready? We go in, kill them and then we run to the car and leave. It's a busy street here so we have to be fast." Dean said while making himself ready to go in.
He came in the house and took me and mom with him. We asked what was going on, he told us everything and by the time he did we were back at the front door of the neighbors. The cop had gone to his car and when he saw us he came back out. He asked the neighbor why he did that to Sammy's ball. is answer was, 'It came on my land. I had every right to do that." You can tell he's a loser and his wife is not much better. The cop told him that he doesn't just do that, that it belongs to a kid. The cop told him, "If it happens again, just throw the ball back. I do think that this kid doesn't have a ball to play with anymore, if you buy him a new one it's all forgiven and forgotten." The neighbor nodded and gave Sammy 10 bucks.
The moment Cas walks into the room Dean knew something was wrong. Cas was unsteady at his feet and was looking weird, like he was at a different world.
10 minuten later Gabriel came into the emergency room. When he saw Dean he got angry. "You did it to him? I know you and your friends bully him." Dean looked down. "I only knocked him out. Listen before you start screaming at me hear me out." Gabriel nodded. "I knew Alastair and Azazel where going to beat him up and they asked me to help so I knocked him out, I thought it was better for him that he wouldn't feel what was going to happen to him. After I knocked him out I didn't do anything. I took him to the nurses and I came with him here with the ambulance. Please I want to say sorry to him because... because I like your brother, not at the just friends way. I'm sorry."
While Dean was making diner Castiel was looking around in his apartment, it's bigger than his, but his is closer to campus. Castiel was looking at family pictures and sometimes he had to ask Dean somebody's name. Dean had a lot of pictures with his brother Sam, Castiel would like to meet Sam someday Dean talks a lot about him, how he's going to be a lawyer one day. He also had some pictures of his parents, he once told him that his mother had left his father because she didn't wanted to hurt him. After that his father started drinking, I asked him once if his father had beaten him when he was drunk but he never did that the only think that John did when he was drunk was saying it was Dean's and Sam's fault Mary left him. Mary never met someone again, she always said that John was the only one she would ever love and that she just felt hurt thinking about how John left everything for her. Dean lived most of his time with Mary, once or twice a month with John for just 2 or 3 days. Castiel liked the story's about Dean's past, they are not all good memories but Dean takes it very well every time he tells a story. Castiel kept looking trough the pictures.
When he got back to Castiel's side he could see bruises forming on his face and he doesn't want to know what is abdomen would look like. Before he knew it he was lifting Castiel up and carried him bridal style towards the nurses.
These where Chapter's I already have posted on Wattpad so that's why there are 8 in one day. I don't know when the next one is gonna come but thank you if you're reading this because that hopefully means you like the story. If there are mistakes please tell me I'm from Belgium so English is not my mother language. I hope the next chapter will come soon. Greets Amber xx
"Okay I'm done, the only things left inside are some pills but I only need them in an emergency so they can stay in the bag. Where can I put it?" Dean looked over at Castiel. "You can put it under my desk if you want. Can I ask why you have some medicine with you because your dad has it to right, like the basics. You don't need to answer because I understand." Castiel chuckled a bit. "I'm allergic to nuts and if I eat one I need to take a epi-pen. I also have some allergy pills but that's for the dust and everything. Nothing to special." Castiel putted his bag under the desk and sat at his bed. "You could've said you are allergic to nuts, what if there are nuts in the meal, you know you can die right? Well of course you know but still." "I know, I will ask your mom later okay? I brought some videogames with me, like you asked." Dean stood up and started the videogame Castiel brought and they stated playing.
He stood there for sometime to take it in. He knew Dean and Cas have something more then a friendship but both of them are to stupid to give it in.
Today it's the day before Christmas, today is also the day that Castiel and his father Chuck are going to stay at the Winchester's house. They are going to celebrate Christmas together just like they celebrated Thanksgiving. If you celebrate Christmas you also exchange gifts and this year it's not going to change. The gift for Dean was not that hard but the gift for Mary and Sam was a different story. Sam was smart so Castiel got him some books and Mary is a mother and a lovely woman so he's going to give her a necklace with the first letter of Dean and Sam. His dad was not a easy either, he would like to give something really special but he didn't had a lot of money to by a car or something.
Sam rolled his eyes at that. He went to his room and changed. He thought about checking on Cas but putted that thought away just as quickly as it came. He took the paper with everything on and took the keys of baby.
Sam and Cas both nodded. When they went inside there where 5 vamps, easy kill. What they didn't knew was that there was a with ready for them to come in.
"Wow I didn't know that, I'm sorry for asking if you don't want to talk about something just say it, we're fine with that." Mary said taking Chuck's hand. "It's fine, sometimes I just need to talk about her." Chuck took Mary's hand to. "Well I think I'm going to ask Jessica out. I hope it will turn out like it tuned out with you." Sammy said smiling.
When Castiel changed he went outside to the bedroom where Dean was watching Dr. Sexy. "I hope you don't mind?" Castiel smiled. "No worry I don't. It getting late again, what do you think if I order pizza?" Dean nodded. "Yes that's good for me." Cas grabbed his phone and looked for the number of the pizza place. "What do you want?" Castiel asked looking at Dean. "I don't know, just one with salami I guess, I'm still pretty full from breakfast/lunch." Cas nodded and called the pizza place. When he ordered they said it was going to take 15 minutes. "Are you going home after the pizza?" "No, well if you don't mind of course." "No not at all. Let's start a movie the pizza's are going to be in 15 minutes."
"That's good Dad, I hope it will work out for you to." "One thing you do not have to worry about, she's not going to come with us on thanksgiving. I want to spend that time with you Cas." Cas sighed at that, he was still surprised that his father want's to spend so mush time with him."Okay I talk to you later Dad, take care of yourself. Bye Dad love you." That's how the conversation ended and how the shower ended.
Dean took of in his Baby and got home a few minutes later. He went to his kitchen and took a glass out to drink some water. Then he got a message from Cas.
Did Castiel just hear some disappointment in Dean's voice? No that's not possible or is it? No, no, it's not maybe it was just something only thought, it's because he's tired. Castiel decides to go to bed.
When I walked to the car I saw that Dad was already sitting in the car. He was a stubborn man. "See, I told you I could do this." He laughed. "Yes I know, I just wanted to help that's all." Cas started the car and drove off. "I know kid but you don't need to worry about me. I can make it on my own." Chuck said with confident in his voice. He is a strong men and the doctor's are surprised how positive he is about everything even with his cancer in his body. He believes God has a path for every single person on earth and He will give you hard times but God knows that you will survive and come out stronger. And if God gives you cancer he believes that you can beat it, no mater how long it will take, God will always care for his creation. Castiel is happy his dad has something to believe in but Castiel is not so bright about the cancer in his father but he does believe in his father and he believes he will beat the cancer.
Then Dean went to the couch. He hoped that he and Cas could do this more often, having a sleepover. Maybe tomorrow he's going to ask Cas about Thanksgiving but now it's better for him to go to bed. He first texted Gabe
He went to Cas' room and knocked on the door. When he didn't got an answer he knocked harder. Again no answer so he opened the door. The room was dark except for the light from the hallway and he could see Cas sleeping on his bed because of it. He smiled and closed the door and went back to the kitchen.
The walk to college was short because Castiel lived a few minutes away. Gabriel was also having a class now so they are going to meet at their spot. "Hey Cassie, where's Dean, didn't he had a class?" Gabriel asked while he took his backpack and walked with Castiel to the building. "Yes but he's going to be late. He sliced his finger while making a sandwich. He's getting 2 stiches now and will come in later." Castiel said. "Oh, well he better be in time because they are going to tell us what is important for our exam's. I know you will tell him what to know but it 's always better that you take notes for yourself. Let's go now because otherwise we're going to be late as well. I see you after class, bye Cassie." Gabe waved before he left to walk away. "Bye Gabe." Castiel doesn't know if he heard that. So he just went to class.
"Sorry Cas, I know I should have already asked her but I wanted to wait until you would say it was okay." "It's okay but next time just say that. Also if you're mother doesn't want to do it it's okay. Dad and I will survive." Dean nodded and started the phone call.
Castiel opened the door of his apartment, he took of his shoes and went to take a shower. While he was showering he was listening to music. When he was done he putted on his pajamas and went to the kitchen to fill a glass with water. He returned to his room with the water and took out his phone and texted Dean.
Cas walked back in the kitchen. "Well I'm kind of surprised but Dad would love to come on thanksgiving." Dean was surprised as well. "Okay if you don't mind and I will call my Mom to ask if she can make thanksgiving for two more people." "Wait you didn't asked you're Mom if it was okay to bring two complete strangers home on thanksgiving. Dean why didn't you tell me?"
"No worry Dean, I'm fine. I know that when that happens that it can be hard getting me out, Gabe once threw a bucket of water over me. I'm used to it." Castiel was laughing at that time when Gabe threw water over him. "He did? Well I don't think I would do that but that is actually smart." "Boys, are you coming down we're going to start with the appetizers." Marry called from downstairs. So they stood up and went to sit at the table.
Dean was watching while Alastair talked to Castiel, he saw Alastair punching Castiel two times. He didn't like it but he doesn't want to be the guy who helps the loser, not when almost the whole school is watching. "Dean-o, are you going to help learn this little fag a lesson?" He saw Alastair looking a him, well Alastair wasn't the only one looking the whole room was looking at him. Before he could react Azazel punched Castiel in the face.
When he looked at Gabriel he saw something that he wouldn't expect, tears. "Dean, I don't know what to say, I know Cassie is not going to like it but he likes you too, in that way." Dean looked shocked, he didn't knew that. "Listen, I will tell the nurses that you are allowed in his room so you can be there when he wakes up. I don't know how long I can stay in that room looking at my little brother." He nodded. Gabriel went to a nurse asking for his brother, she said the doctor will be with them soon and after that they can go to Castiel.
And with that the line went dead. Castiel couldn't keep his laugh in anymore, Dean was stupid just leaving the apartment without thinking he was going to lock himself out. Lucky Castiel was close and he didn't had to wait a long time outside because it was still cold.
Before it's Christmas they are going to talk a little and tell stories just like last time. "Chuck, would you mind telling another story?" They still need to wait so why not listen to a story about Cas. "Sure but are you guys up for it?" Everybody nodded except Cas of course. "Okay, I think I have a story but I don't know if it's going to be interesting. It happens when Cas was 8, we went to see my parents for the weekend. The problem is that Cas never really liked them because at the beginning they looked at him like he was a stranger. I think somehow he remembered it. So we went to visit because my sister just got a baby. We wanted to spend a whole weekend their so we could talk to them. When my sister arrived everybody was happy to see her and the baby and of course Cas was happy to see his niece. But Saturday he noticed that his grandparents didn't even looked at him. Cas is more a type that stays quiet and just let people walk over him but that time he couldn't do that.
He got scared of his own mind. "My name is Castiel but you can call me Cas if Castiel is to hard to remember." What did I just do he thought, he was ready for Dean...? yes Dean to leave. "Castiel? That's a weird name, but I will Cas if you don't mind?" He didn't leave Castiel was a little surprised. "Yes of course. I know my mother wanted a special name, it's the name of a angel."
After the story Chuck made a joke about his parents and everybody was laughing. Since that joke nobody felt bad anymore because it's just stupid. Chuck and Castiel don't care about them because they survived without them. When they calmed down they saw it was just a few minutes away from midnight. They al quickly went to refill their glasses and then they where ready to do the countdown. "Everybody ready!? It's going to start soon." They looked at the clock. "10" "9" "8" "7" "6" "5" Half the way their. "4" "3" "2" This is going to be the best Christmas they all had in years. "1" ...
When dinner was served Cas barely touched his food and didn't drink his coffee. Dean noticed but didn't say anything.
Dean arrives at his new school, he's nervous. He hopes nobody is going to come to him when he's sitting somewhere. He doesn't like it when people just randomly start talking to him. He enters the build to go and see where he needs to be,
Next week his treatment are starting, he was happy it was after thanksgiving because otherwise he couldn't really enjoy the food because he is probably going to be sick after eating a fat turkey. Castiel was driving to Dean's house and he and his father were listening and singing to the music.
When Castiel and Chuck arrived at the hotel they both went to change. While Castiel was changing he texted Dean.
Dean made his room ready before Cas and Chuck would arrive. He didn't like cleaning his room but now he couldn't just leave his clothes on the ground or somewhere that isn't his closet. Dean went downstairs to grab a drink but he's going to wait with the beer, that's for later. He just sat down in the cough and their was a knock on the door. Dean went to open the door, now they can start Christmas. "Hey Cas, Cuck, welcome." Dean let them in with a big smile. "Hey Dean, how are you all doing?" Cas asked while putting down his bag and taking his father's. "Hey, we're good Cas. What about you two?" Mary askes coming out of the kitchen. Sam was on the stairs, he was in his room talking to Jess probably. "We're good, thank you. The only thing that changed is my hair." Chuck always had to make a joke about something, Cas had warned Dean that he would joke about his hair or his cancer. "I thought I saw something different." Sam joked, "Well food is nor done yet, what if Castiel and Dean go upstairs and put the bags in the rooms and we can talk a little bit in the kitchen while they talk upstairs." Dean and Cas took the bags and went upstairs.
"Well I know which one I'm going to tell. It's a lovely one, later I call tell a funny one. Castiel was around 5 years old. We went to the sea, I think that you already know that the sea is his favorite place, right Dean." Dean nodded while laughing at Castiel. "So we were walking down the beach together and it was becoming dark. We sat down in the sand and watched the sun go down. Cassie was sitting at my lap. At one moment he asked me why we couldn't see Mommy while she was dead. I told him that we could see her.
"Yes, I'm going to check everything one more time and then we can get our shoes on and leave. Have you checked everything?" Chuck nodded, "Yes I did that like 2 times already." Castiel nodded. He went to look in the bathroom, every little spot where something could be left. When he was done with the bathroom he check the bedroom. Nothing, he went to the living room where his father was waiting and checking if something's still left. "Everything is packed, let's put the bags in the car and give the keys back and we can go. You ready?" Castiel nodded, "Yes, I will help with the bags and then I will return the key." "Do you think I can't take the bags to the car Cassie? You know it doesn't mean that I don't have hair anymore that I'm weak." Castiel looked up. "Yes sorry, then you but the bags in the car and I will return the key."
but then he he saw him taking place next to him. Castiel didn't looked up at him, he didn't want to make new friends (bad experience in the past)
"Okay, I'm going to get everything ready to start dinner. It will be ready in 10 minutes so if you would like to go and do something go ahead." Dean nodded and he and Cas stood up walking back to Dean's room where they are going to play some videogames.
After a while Dean noticed that Castiel had fallen asleep, Dean took the opportunity to kiss the back of Castiel's hand. From this moment he will protect Castiel no matter what.
While he is walking he feels the dizziness coming up again but he choose to ignore it. He has the feeling the walk towards Sam and Dean is longer the he thought.
"You can change in the bathroom if you want, if you want to shower that's also possible." Dean said to Cas while taking his pajamas pants out of his closet. "I will shower tomorrow morning, I don't want to wake anybody. I'll change in the bathroom and I'll brush my teeth in the meantime." Cas took his stuff and went to the bathroom. Dean changed in his room and looked at his phone. He got some texts from friends and family and his father. He was shocked to see one from him. He opened the other texts first to leave the one from his father as last. The text's mostly just said
When Castiel came back to consciousness he felt a lot of pain. He wanted to move away from the bright light but it just hurts really bad so he tries to get used to the light.
When they where done with the gifts Mary went to the kitchen to make dinner. Sam stood up and told them he was going to grab a book. Chuck helped Mary in the kitchen. Dean and Cas wen to check out the record player and putted a record in when they found out how it worked.
Dean was cleaning his room and getting the extra bed ready. Cas was going to sleep in his bedroom so it had to be a little bit cleaned up. Sam was helping his mom in the kitchen. Mary was making a list for Sam to get for Chuck. Cas had send list of some thing that his dad would need. He could also not eat everything because it makes him sick. Mary made a special Christmas dinner that would not give Chuck any problem. When the list was done Sam took his keys of his car and went to the store.
Of course Dean finds that funny, Cas puts away his phone and put the lights out. When he went to sleep he was thinking about that day, it turned out different then he expected. It's was nice to spend a Sunday with Dean and watch a movie together. When Castiel fell asleep he was thinking about this wonder full day.
"Mom, do you know where the blankets are for Cas's bed? I can't find them." Dean screamed from upstairs hoping that his mom would hear him. "No Dean, I don't know. If they are not in the closet I wouldn't know." Dean went to look in every closet they have in their house, he also went into Sammy's room. He couldn't find them. He went downstairs to his mom. "Hey mom I can't find them. I looked in every closet we have." Mary looked up. "Then I'm afraid they are in our old house, with your dad." That was not good, it would've been better if it was at Bobby's. Bobby is a old friends of their father and he feels like family, a uncle. "Do you think their would me enough time to get it or should I go to the store and buy a new one?" Mary shook her head. "Dean, its Christmas eve, their are no stores open anymore. If you are fast and just go in and don't stay to long I guess you will be back before they are here. But then you need to hurry." Dean was already at the door putting his shoes on. "I will be going then, see you later mom. Love you." Before Mary could answer Dean already closed the door.
He had survived his first few hours of school without a problem, he had talked with Gabe his brother and they had fun talking about Michael who was traveling through the country. They talked about the teachers and the subjects they don't like. Gabriel of course got in trouble with his jokes but it's not a surprise for Castiel.
Dean looked around and saw a chair, he took it and putted it next to Cas' bed and sat in it. He looked around to see if Sam was back but he was probably still calling Rowena. So he took the opportunity and took Cas' hand.
Castiel was shocked. What should he say to that? "Well I don't know what to say at the moment. Maybe it's because the big exams are coming that you are afraid? If you have a college degree you can kind of become whatever you want to be. This is already your second year, that's one more to go and you have your degree. I think you should keep going and get your degree and then go your own way. And don't think about that money part okay, your mom and dad are proud of you that you're in college and if you quit college then the money from this year and last year will be thrown away."
When Castiel wake up he heard the bathroom door closing. He looked at his phone and saw it was past 10 so he sat up in his bed and first looked if he had a new text from Gabe. After told Gabe that everything was okay he took some clothes and his other stuff like toothpaste, brush ext. He waited for Dean to return from the bathroom before he goes in. "Good morning sunshine, hope you slept well on that thing." Dean greeted while taking his phone out of the charger. "It's not that bed, I had worst in my life. I'm gonna make myself ready." Castiel stood up. "Okay, I'll wait until you're done." Castiel nodded and left for the bathroom.
Dean looked shocked, "I know I'm sorry. I went to tell you something important." He hesitated before he started talking again, "I like you Cas, not as in friends way but in the different kind of way. Your brother is going to kill me that I said this but he said that you do to. I don't want you to hate me and I will beat the crap out of Alastair an Azazel. Just give me a chance."
It was 11PM and Cas was kind of drunk, he only had two beers but he never really drank beer so it hits hard. "Cas are you okay?" I asked because I could see Cas looked pale. "Yes I'm fine no worry. It's just the beer I guess." Cas looked away. "Hey Cassie what do you think of getting more drinks? But you're getting a soda." Gabe took Cas with him. Dean looked after them when they walked away. It took them a long time for them to get back.
"Well I don't know about that. I mean I don't know if my father would like that because he doesn't like to be weak. And he doesn't want to be weak in front of somebody he doesn't know." It was quiet a very long time. "He doesn't even know if it's a bad cancer yet. I can ask him if you really want that but I think that he's going to say no." Cas stood up to take his phone. After a while Cas started talking.
"Heyo, who's the new loser?" Of course Balthazar would say something like that. "I'm Dean, I was in Cas' English class." Dean said before anybody else could say something. "I'm Balthazar, a friends from Cassie." Castiel still hates it when they say Cassie. "Balthazar stop calling me Cassie and be nice please, thank you." Balthazar agreed by nodding his head and he sat down next to Gabriel. They all started talking about their first class and how boring their professor's are.
"Hello Dean." Dean loved his mother's sweet voice. "Hey Mom, how are you doing?" "I'm doing fine Dean, how is college going for you? Are you still friends with Castiel?" Dean laughed a little, "Everything is fine Mom, yes he's still my friend. You should know that if you're friends with me I don't let go really easy. Well Mom I was calling because I have a question about thanksgiving." "Of course, you are not going to tell me that you're not going to be home at thanksgiving?" Mom's voice got a little quiet. "No Mom, I'm going to be there at thanksgiving. I just wanted to ask if you would mind if Cas and his father come to. Cas' father just found out he has cancer and Cas only has his father left." Dean was hoping that his mother would be okay with it. 'Of course she's going to be okay with it, she's the most loving person in the world. She loves to help people in need.' "Of course they can come, I would love to meet Cas, I will just make a little extra. And tell Cas it's not a problem because it's not. Maybe he's going to think it is or something." Dean sighed, but it was a happy one. "Thank you Mom, I will tell him that because he's thinking it's a problem."
Dean send the text and putted his phone and the table next to his bed. He was hoping that Christmas was going to be here soon because this was one of the was thanksgiving's he ever had. If his father would be here it maybe wouldn't be that mush fun because when he's drunk he can get mad pretty fast. Dean clicked his lights of and went to sleep.
When I got there I saw John and Dean walking. I went over them asking what was going on. They they showed me, his hear was stuck in the dried cast. So we went inside told hem what happened. They made the cast wet again waited a little bit and got it out of the hair and they gave Dean a new one. John had to shave his head because the stuff that a cast is made of was in his hair and he couldn't get out.
"Thank you, what would you think if I help you? Maybe this is something for you." Dean takes out a pair of cat ears. "I'm not going to wear that Dean, it doesn't mean you look like a girl I need to look like a girl too." Castiel said, "Oh come on, it's going to look good on you, please do it for me Cassie." God Castiel hated it when Dean says Cassie, "Don't call me Cassie, I will put that on if you never call me Cassie again and if you do you're going to regret it." Dean starts laughing, "Ok I call that a deal. Now go change in dark nice clothes and then put this on." Castiel goes in the bathroom to change, he shows Dean where the fridge is so he can take a drink. When Castiel comes out Dean is sitting on his bed. "See doesn't look that bad, now put this on and you're good to go." Castiel takes to cat ears and put them on. "You look even cuter now. Let's go before we miss the party." Castiel agrees and follows Dean to Baby. They get in the car and drive of to the party.
The doorbell of Cas' place went and Dean stood up and went to get the pizza's. "Thank you." Dean said while giving the money and taking the pizza's. "Pizza is here!" Dean screamed. "Okay let's eat it here, then we can watch the movie while we eat." Dean nodded and went to sit back down next to Cas. They ate there pizza while watching a movie. When the pizza was done they started a new movie. They ended up watching 3 movies. When the last one ended Dean noticed the time. "I think we should go to bed, it's getting late." Cas looked at the clock. "Oh I didn't know it was already this late. Do you need something to wear?" "No I will wear what I was wearing last night." And with that Dean stood up and went to go change. When Dean came back Cas was also ready. "Goodnight Cas." Dean said before he went to the living room. "Goodnight Dean, please don't fall out of the couch tonight." Dean screamed after him and Dean started laughing. "No worry that's not going to happen!" Dean screamed back. Dean sat down on the couch and connected his phone to charge. He put the light out and was fast asleep after that.
"Sam what are you doing?" He heard his mother asking his little brother, "I'm just cutting the tomatoes, no worry I'm not like Dean I don't lose my fingers while cutting vegetables." Dean was angry at his little brother. "Hey I still have all my fingers Sammy, if you are not going to watch what you are doing you're not." Dean laughed at him. "Dean stop calling me Sammy, I'm not 5 anymore." Sam didn't liked it when Dean called him Sammy "Okay boys calm down. If you're done with you're part go upstairs and go change in your clothes that you want to wear tonight. I will make everything ready."
Dean listened to Cas and he was really good in doing this kind of stuff. Maybe he is right. If I quit now that money is kind of burned away. When Cas finished Dean nodded. "Thank you Cas, because of you wise words I will stay. But if I stay I have one question because I don't think I could make it otherwise. "Dean you know you can always ask me anything." Dean nodded. "Would you mind help me study? Like we can video call or just a normal call and in the weekends or something at one of our places? If you don't want to that's okay, I understand." Cas laughed, "Of course I will help you. I would love to do that and I can also help you with subjects that I don't have because it's not that hard. We can make like a list for when we just call and when we come over." Cas was excited because Dean knows how mush Cas loved it to help people, maybe it would be better if he would study to become a teacher. "I would like that Cas, thank you." "It's no problem Dean."
At around 10PM Castiel stood up to get a drink, then he noticed the time. "Dean it's almost 10, maybe you should go home and sleep because we have a early class tomorrow." Dean looked at his phone. "Oh shit, I didn't noticed that it got so late. Well yes that would be for the better. I will see you tomorrow Cas and goodnight." Dean took his jacket and keys and walked to the door. "Drive safe, goodnight Dean." Castiel said before Dean left the apartment. When Dean was gone he putted his pajamas on and connected his phone to the cable. He quickly texted Dean before he went to sleep.
When he got to lunch they all looked at him. He doesn't care anymore. He went to sit at a table in the back like always and took his lunch and ate half of it. He doesn't like to eat a lot at school, he rather read a little bit then eat. When he was reading he could hear his bullies talk about him. They where saying "Look at the fag, he's reading like a little smartass." He learned to ignore it like he had to do since he was a freshman.
He can't really blame her, on a Christmas about 4 years ago, he almost burned the whole kitchen down because he forgot that plastic can't go in the oven and he almost removed his fingers with a big knife when he wasn't paying attention. So he doesn't blame her that he needs to make the cranberry sauce.
When Dean was making the eggs and bacon Castiel was looking at him. "Do you guys always eat this good in the mornings because we don't." Dean laughed, "No only on holidays and sometimes when we have summer break or something, otherwise it's just bread." Castiel nodded. "I had to wish you a merry Christmas from Gabe, he texted me yesterday." Dean turned around and smiled. "Say a thank you from me to him."
They took there weapons and ran towards Baby. They putted everything in the trunk and went to their seat in the car. Dean behind the wheel, Sam shotgun and Cas in the backseat. They had a 4 hour drive in front off them so they got comfy.
"Yes I know, we should go. Thank you so much that we could come and I'm already looking forward to Christmas." Chuck went to give Mom a hug. "You know Chuck, maybe then you two could sleep here. We have as guest room and if Castiel and Dean don't mind, Castiel could sleep in Dean's room." Mom said while returning the hug. "I think that is a good idea. We will do that." Cas nodded and took his jacket. Then he gave his father his. "It was a lot of fun, goodnight everybody." Castiel said before they left the door. "Goodnight and drive safe. Castiel, can you send Dean a message when you got back at the hotel?" Mom is already feeling like a mom to Cas now, she doesn't do that a lot. "Yes no worry. I will text him when we're in our room. Bye everybody."
Dean walked to the kitchen an grabbed a glass of water. He took his glass with him back to the couch. He was looking at his phone, maybe he missed a text from Cas or a call but he online had a text from Sam.
After dinner they watched tv, there wasn't a lot except Christmas movies. After watching the second home alone movie Chuck went upstairs, it was getting late so everyone went upstairs. They said goodnight and went to their bedrooms. Mary was the last one to go because she was making sure every light and candle was out.
"Here you go boys." Mary putted the plates in front of Dean and Cas while Chuck is holding theirs. Thank you mom. It smells and looks good." Castiel first looks at the pie in front of him. Now he knows why Dean was so happy when his mom went to grab it, this is Dean's favorite. "Thank you." Castiel said before he starts eating. The four of them ate their piece. It took a little bit longer because they are full but the pie is really good. Dean of course doesn't have a problem with eating the pie, he had the largest piece. After everybody was done it was almost 12pm so that means it's almost Christmas. They are al going to stay up until it's midnight. Then they are going to say Merry Christmas and are going to bed after that. Of course Dean and Cas are going to be the ones that stay up the latest.
"He's dead to the world at the moment, I knocked twice and when I went inside he was still asleep. I think he will be okay with bacon and eggs." Dean said when he entered the kitchen.
After their class Dean and Castiel went to see Gabe. "Hey, I heard that you chopped in you're finger." Gabe walked to them. "Of course you heard of that. It nothing to be honest." "Gabe, how did your class go? Are you ready for the big test after Christmas?" Gab shook his head. "No not really, but we will see how it went when we get the grades back. How about you 2? Well of course that's a strange questions for you Cassie you're always ready." For every one of their group he will be the nerd and the smartest one. "I'm always ready so it was indeed a question that you already knew the answer for. But we don't know the answer from Dean." They both looked at Dean. "I just want to be a mechanic so not really." They laughed and after talking a bit they all went to their place.
When everybody was done eating they cleaned the kitchen. With 3 people it only took 5 minutes they went to the living room. Is it okay if I put on the tv? Maybe there's a good movie playing." Mary asked sitting down. "It's okay for me, I don't think there's anything wrong with watching a Christmas movie on Christmas." Chuck answered. Mary nodded and put on the tv, of course home alone was playing so they watched that movie again while waiting for Dean and Castiel to wake up.
Now Dean was scared he knew what Alastair just said was true, but he didn't want it to be. "Dean, why don't you show it to him?" And with that Dean got is white as a ghost. "Al I don't think that's a good idea-" "No Dean you do it, I know you don't like it but the little fag has a big mouth. Just one punch and we are happy." Dean didn't knew what to do, maybe it was better for Castiel that Dean does it. He would be out cold with one punch, if Alastair or Azazel did it, it will be al lot more.
Castiel didn't knew what to say. "I'm going to kill Gabe because he told you but I will give you a chance. I know this is stupid but I know you didn't wanted to do this and I trust you that you will never do that again. And you can kill them if you want." He chuckled a bit.
"Okay." Dean said. He knew he was over reacting but Cas is human now so they need to look out for him even more now.
When he arrives everything is blurry for him and he sees darkness in the corners of his eyes. He looks up to see Sam and Dean but before he knows it he feels the ground pulling him down. He can see Sam and Dean standing up to help him. He wants to say he's fine but he think it's not going to work.
The three of them walked inside and went there own way towards the rooms. But before Cas closed the door Dean walked towards him. "You 'd better check that shoulder of you. Make sure it's not going to be infected, you're not an angel anymore so that's a possibility now."
Castiel was driving from the hotel to the Winchester house. The drive was 20 minutes. He does hope his father can handle 20 minutes in a car because he sometimes got sick in a car if he was in it for a long time. "You know if you're going to dream behind the wheel we're going to die right?" Castiel looked at his father, what? He wasn't dreaming, was he? "I know, are you okay? Not getting sick or anything?" Chuck shook his head a little. "Nope, maybe I just get sick when I drive to the hospital, thinking about it makes me sick." Castiel doesn't always understand his father's humor. He did learned to live with it. "Okay, we are 10 minutes away so we're half way there." Castiel looked at the radio, it was playing a love song, he changed the channel. Eventually he ended up listening to 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' from Nirvana.
Dean was walking in front while Castiel was following. They putted the bags from Chuck in the guestroom and the rest would go in Dean's room. Both Chuck and Cas had a few bags because in some of them are the gifts. "You can but you bags on the bed for now, I know some of them have the gifts so they will be gone later. After your settled in we can put them under the tree." Dean sat down on his bed and Castiel started unpacking. Some thing he leaves in the bag, those thing are not important and if he would need them he can just take his bag from wherever that thing would be later.
For me every star was the same but to just see his face when he was looking at the star he think was Mommy was one of the best moments of my life. Since that moment we went every summer to the beach and every night we watched the sun going down and then he searched for he star that was his Mommy. When he became older he knew that it was not true but he keeps doing it. Last year we did the same and he looked for the star he felt connected to." Chuck ended his story and everybody was quiet, even Cas. I didn't expected this at all. "Okay I don't think we expected this kind of story but it was beautiful." Mom said with tear in her eyes.
Dean starts walking over to him when he's next to him he sits down. "My name is Dean." The other man doesn't look up, does nothing.
From the moment his fist collides with Castiel's face he's out cold and falls to the floor. After that Dean walks back while Alastair and Azazel start kicking him and punching him. After a few minutes they where happy with the work they did and walked away. Dean was so focused at Castiel that he didn't notice that the room was empty except for them. "Are you coming Dean-o?" Dean looked up at his friends. "Yes."
Dean laughed a little, Castiel didn't understand he just did something stupid and Dean is laughing? "Thank you, I never found it special but maybe I'm thinking about it now." Castiel laughed "You're welcome" he said. Then the professor walked in, Castiel hoped he wouldn't show up at al because he would like to know more about Dean.
They where walking down the street in the moonlight on Christmas. It was a cold night but then again it was December so it's not that weird. "We have to go trough the woods for a little bit, it's not far anymore." Cas nodded and followed Dean trough the woods, when they where at the and of the woods there was a river. "Here it is, when it's night and there are no clouds it's the best. We're really lucky that that's the weather now. It's really beautiful." The went to the edge of the water. "It's really beautiful here." They sat down and listened to the wind trough trees.
Dean went inside looking for Cas, he, found him in the bathroom. "Hey Cas, you want to go home? "Cas nodded, "Thank you Dean." "Cas you don't have to say sorry, you can't help that kind of things. Let's grab your jacket." Cas stood up and follow Dean outside, they grabbed their jackets and went to Baby. The drive back was silent.
Mary was the first on who was awake. She changed in comfy clothes and went to the bathroom to brush her hair and get her ready. Before she went downstairs she looked into Sam and Dean's room to check that they were still asleep. When she checked on them she went downstairs and made coffee for herself. She made a toast to eat with it.
"Cas, Chuck this is my mother Mary and my brother Sam." Dean said. "Hey Castiel nice to meet you, Dean said a lot about you when he came back." mom said and Sammy nodded. "Yes it's nice to meet you." "It's nice to meet you to, I heard a lot about you two. This is my father Chuck." Now Cas had introduced his father. "Nice to meet you all, thank you for inviting us over for thanksgiving, it means a lot to me and Cassie." Chuck also calls Cas Cassie, maybe Gabe stole it from Chuck. "Of course it's not a problem, we're happy you could make it." Mom said leading them to the living room. They are first going to talk a little bit and eat some snack and then around 6 they are going to eat diner.
When Castiel got home the first thing he did was study. He never wanted to wait because if you wait it's never going to happen. When he was in the middle of a chapter he got a text from Dean.
When Sam was back Cas was still in his room but he was awake. When he awoke he was feeling sick. He stayed in his bed hoping it would be over soon. When it was a little bit better he stood up and changed into comfy clothes. He went to the bathroom and when he was almost done he felt he was going to be sick. Unfortunately he was sick. He vomited everything out he has eaten yesterday.
"Who has space left for the dessert?" Mary asked because otherwise it was going to be to late. "I do!" Dean was the first one, he knows what it is and of course he keeps space for it. "I can too but just a little bit." Chuck was the second one and he stood up to help Mary. "I don't know, I think I'm going to pas mom. Sorry." Sam was full, everybody understands it because dinner was really good. "I have a little bit space left so I will have a little bit. Can I ask what it is?" Castiel asked because if it was something big he couldn't eat it, he already ate to mush. "You will see Castiel. No worry I think you have enough space left. It will be served in a minute." Dean was laughing because he knows what it is but he knows Cas is going to like it because it's his favorite.
A little bit later he came back, it was a little small but not that bad. "It's not that bad, thank you Cas." Castiel was laughing. "Do you want to watch a movie before we go to bed?" Dean asked while taking a blanket from the pile. "Sure, what do you want to watch?" Castiel asked while putting on the tv. "Maybe we should watch a horror/comedy movie?" Dean asked while sitting down on the bed. "Sure let's see what we have here." After a while Castiel found a movie and they started watching the movie. Castiel was happy that Dean stayed. First he thought it would be weird but it's not. It's a little bit like the first time they did it. It was a Sunday and Castiel asked Dean if he needed something from the grocery store and it ended up Dean making steak and fries and watching the hunger games together. They did that two more times, but of course it was planned, the first one wasn't. So here they are watching a horror/comedy movie in his bedroom. He thought he would cry himself to sleep or just be sad al night long, but because of Dean it was a nice night. He didn't cried that night. It was a peaceful night, he did thought about his father but he couldn't call him now, it's the middle of the night, he needs rest and to get better he doesn't need more to stress about.
A few minutes later a doctor came telling them that Castiel had some broken ribs and a broken wrist. He has a concussion too. When the doctor was finished they where allowed to go see him. When they entered Castiel was sill unconscious. They took a chair and they sat down waiting for him to wake up.
It was thanksgiving, a day when family comes together and be thankful. They eat turkey and have a nice time. But for Castiel it wasn't all fun because his father has cancer. They got invited to go and celebrate thanksgiving with Dean. It's not that Castiel doesn't want to go but he doesn't want to be a problem. So yesterday he called Dean to ask if it still wasn't a problem. Of course Dean said it wasn't a problem, he was happy to meet Chuck and learn about Castiel when he was younger. Castiel knows his did is going to tell stories that he doesn't want Dean to know but maybe Dean's mother, Mary, will do the same.
When he walked in the class everybody looked at him. His professor nodded and said he can sit down. Maybe Cas told him what happened. "Hey, what did I miss?" Cas looked at his notes. "Not mush we just talked a little bit about the new chapter in our book and the professor was also late, he came in 5 minutes ago." Cas handed the paper to Dean. "Oh well that's good. Did you told him I was going to be late?" Cas nodded, "Yes, otherwise you had to tell the whole class that you sliced your finger while making a sandwich." He laughed a little but Cas did try to keep his face serious. "Yes thank you Cas, it was just a stupid accident. It could happen to anyone." Cas nodded, "Sure, it happens to a lot of people. But of course you're the only one I know it happened to." Dean wanted to sat something back but the professor started talking again.
After playing some games Mary calls Dean, Cas and Sam for dinner. They went downstairs and sat down at the table. "I hope you guys are hungry." Mary putted down the chicken and went to the kitchen to grab the rest, Chuck was helping her what the small jars from the sauce. "Mom, Cas has something to say. Isn't that right Cas?" Dean looked at Castiel with a lot of joy because he knows that Mary would be angry at Cas for not saying he's allergic. "What do you want to say Castiel?" Mary looked at Cas while she gave Sam a plate with chicken and potatoes. "It's more a question that I don't like to ask. I have to ask if there are nuts in any of this, I'm allergic." Mary and Chuck looked at Cas with the same look, a worried look. "No, I don't think so. I didn't put any in it so normally you would be safe. Why didn't you say this before? I could've killed you if there are nuts in something." Chuck made a motion for her to sit down and calm down. "Cas, I thought you already told her that. You know what happened the last time. Next time just say it before you eat anything okay?" Castiel nodded and apologized to Mary.
