“Nonsense, John. You have a perfectly good brain and you seem well informed about the powders used during the celebration of Holi.”
Rapping her knuckles on the door to Moriarty’s hide out, the door was quickly opened by Moran as if he had been standing there waiting - which he had.
“Oh yes, let’s,” Sherlock said sarcastically.
“Ok. I’ll see you tomorrow during visiting hours, Johnny.” Mrs Watson said, patting his hand again.
“What? Surgery?” The chest pain had receded but he was rapidly losing consciousness and fighting it all the way.
Just then, they heard an “OOF!” Followed by the sound of a body falling into the trash bins.
1:30am Outside of Pub
Sherlock took his pounding with pleasure, and smiled…visions of biscuits dancing in his head.
“I’d like to double check and you’d be invaluable for that.”
‘I’m heading willingly into the lion’s den, god help me.’
He entered 221, taking each of the 17 steps to their flat as if he was going to his own execution. Why was it that you could push yourself through a gauntlet of obstacles only to have the toughest part of the journey occur when the goal was within reach. John shook his head. Random thoughts. Yeah. He was tired alright.
“I’d never tell your secrets, John,” Sherlock said solemnly.
“Sebastian? What’s going on,” John mumbled.
“I was shot, and I don’t need a hospital.”
“Make it two and I’ll let you fuck me without prep,” Sherlock haggled.
Wearing bells is just a figure of speech meaning that I’m excited to see you again. Unless you request it, I will not be wearing bells.
“Prove it,” Sherlock said. “Let’s go home. I’ll let you take care of this,” he said, nodding down, “there. Ok?”
“John. You’re distracting me and I’m losing my erection, now I’m going to have to start all over again.”
“Well, you started trying to hypnotize me and I decided to go along with it. It’s very freeing to just lowering your defenses and enjoy yourself. I’ve never been interested in anything other than my work but you made me feel wanted were genuinely interested in me. How could I say no?”
“Uh huh.”
“No one forces me to do anything that I don’t want to do, John,” Sherlock said matter of factly.
“Tried it, I don’t recommend it,” Sherlock said, trying to suppress a smile and failing.
"I can't help it that you don't understand how this works," John said, grinning from ear to ear.
“On people’s tongues; whom he’s been murdering! Has he never heard of email?”
“Don’t you want to hold him?” The nurse asked.
“Stay with me until I fall asleep?”
“Oh, I’m your type. We’re perfect for each other. If killing Doctor Watson didn’t work, well, I’d hate to do it but I’d have to sacrifice you and that would be awful.” Moriarty’s mouth turned down in a pout.
Unerringly finding Sherlock’s prostate, John began to massage it lightly. Sherlock bucked and moaned.
John fondled Sherlock’s balls with his free hand, inhaling their musky scent.
Looking at John speculatively, Mycroft continued;
John had already burned through every bit of sedation and painkiller that he’d been given. He swore that his heart actually hurt. The insertion point of the Port definitely did.
“SHERLOCK!” John and Mrs Hudson exclaimed together.
“No John. I’m sorry.”
— GL”
John licked his lips. Sometime during this, he’d taken out his cock and begun stroking it without realizing it, all thought centered around the need to fuck Sherlock right then and there.
“How could you be sure that they wouldn’t tell each other? They were so competitive, I’d think that they’d want to brag to each other about it.”
“Oh, god. You DO have spies following me!”
“You did say that. Well, I guess there’s no harm in telling you since you won’t remember any of this anyhow;
“Now, that’s a proper punch to the shoulder. Looks like it might be dislocated too. Hmmm…that’s going to hurt like the dickens when the feeling comes back in your arm.”
“Lorazepam. Roll up your sleeve.” John said, walking towards the chair then getting on his knees before Sherlock.
“My hands are tied in this matter, Sherlock. Doctor Watson has refused the, ah, “opportunity” to go back to his original shift. There is no valid reason for me to exert any pressure on forcing him to comply - at the moment. It has been two weeks since his schedule was changed to evenings and in that time, no one has attempted to approach Doctor Watson during his nightly walk from the hospital to his flat. What would you have me do, brother? I assure you that I realize that this is the calm before the storm but until Moriarty makes a move, I can’t justify exercising more authority over the doctor’s schedule at the moment. ”
“Why are you smiling?” Lestrade asked as they reached the body.
Before the man had met his genius, he’d been mindlessly going through each day without joy, feeling that his existence was pointless.
Sherlock leaned in closer to whisper into John’s ear;
“Not Irene although she told me you’d think so,” came a whisper from behind his back. He began to turn around only to find his head held in place.
“Love doesn’t make you a better doctor!”
He’d also picked up more of that pain killer that Jim enjoyed so much only this time he was going to prep it with 50% saline solution and 50% pain killer and see if Jim noticed. He’d keep John alive for as long as he could.
“‘No’ what?”
They sat looking deeply into each other’s eyes for several minutes until Sherlock finally broke the silence.
“I must be in the looney bin…” John said, exasperated.
“He’s the DI in charge of homicide. He’s quite good, actually but if you tell him I said that I’ll call you a liar. His first name is ‘Greg’ but I’ll never give him the satisfaction of acknowledging that. Keep that to yourself as well.”
“No. We’re doing this now. I won’t be able to get any sleep until I know why you’re sitting here in the dark, staring at your hard cock, and have done all day apparently. Or every day for a month. Whatever. Just…tell me so I can go to bed.”
“For now.”
“Nope.”
“Five.”
“As far as I’m concerned, that thing is dead to me.”
“Thank you, Irene,” they both said simultaneously. They laughed, breaking the tension that first meetings of such a delicate nature seem to entail.
“Thirsty?” John said, grabbing a bottle of water off the nightstand.
“Yes. Happy now?”
He could feel Sherlock getting close but there was one more thing that he wanted to do.
“Won’t he be angry that you’ve known where Doctor Watson’s been all this time?” Becca asked, not a hint of concern in her voice.
“If he can make it through that unscathed, he’ll be yours.”
“Here. I’ll help.” John removed his hands from Sherlock’s trousers, undid the button and flies then waited.
They lay against each other, savoring the afterglow and sharing long, deep kisses until John stood up and looked at the mess they’d made of Sherlock’s abdomen.
John peaked his head out of the bathroom and said with a smile, “I might.”
“Obviously. Bees. Honey.”
Between the sucking and stroking, Sherlock couldn’t hold on any longer, spending himself on his stomach with a satisfied sigh.
“Nothing. I’m going to bed. We’ll talk in the morning,” John said, heading for their bedroom. With a “goodnight” thrown over his shoulder, he crossed the foyer in record time, opened the bedroom door and shut it quickly behind him.
“I just started recently. We’ve gone to so many crime scenes lately and I’ve had to watch you bending over for extended periods of time. I’m just a man, Sherlock. I can only stare at that beautiful arse for so long before I want to take you off to some dark corner and shag your brains out. This just happens to be the first opportunity I’ve had.”
“Goodnight, Sebastian.”
"And you're next," John said, slipping out of his boxers and grabbing the conveniently placed bottle of lube.
“Why wait. We’re talking 60 minutes, tops,” John placated.
John hadn’t bothered to lower his own trousers, he’d only pulled down his flies and pulled his hard cock through. As soon as he felt that his palm was wet enough…
“That’s going to take some getting used to,” John said looking at Sherlock’s mobile.
“Harriet…” Mrs Watson said with a hint of menace in her voice.
John pulled Sherlock in closer to himself, settled further into the blankets and fell asleep with thoughts of revenge, a predatory smile on his lips.
“Not quite, Doctor Watson. We’ve yet to address your current relationship to my brother,” Mycroft said, opening the folder on his lap and glancing at its contents. Closing the folder he returned his gazed to John.
John placed one hand on Sherlock's tight bottom and reached over to fish the bottle of lube out of the nightstand drawer.
John slid back down into the chair and just stared at Sherlock as if he’d never seen him before.
“Always,” said Greg. Reaching into his other pocket, he brought out bottled water and put that in John’s good hand.
“Goodbye, Johnny! Feel better.” But John didn’t answer and Mrs Watson was content. Everything was going to be fine and Shepherd’s Pie for dinner. She’d almost forgotten about that. That was John Sr’s favorite dish. Yes, everything was going to be fine. Johnny would get out of the hospital and it would be like nothing ever happened.
“I never want to see that thing again in my life, much less touch it. I didn’t ask for that baby. I didn’t want it and I would have flushed it down the toilet if I could have. Just get rid of it. I want to get out of here. You like it so much, you keep it.”
“Then there’s the Bellis Prennis or common daisy. Its color, red, meaning love and romance.” Sherlock continued trailing his fingers along the flowers as if cataloging them and perhaps he was.
Ever since John had been switched to night shift three weeks ago, Sherlock had begun waiting for him outside of the hospital every night to ensure that he made it home safely.  Mycroft’s people were there, as had been promised, but no one could do a better job of keeping his Mate safe than Sherlock himself. It was only a matter of time before Moriarty tried something; he’d been quiet for far too long. And so Sherlock had made it his personal duty to escort John home from work every evening.
Because the position had been open for so long they’d ignored the fact that John was over qualified for the job. Normally, they’d never hire anyone they thought might get bored and look for another job somewhere else almost immediately but in a case of serendipity, the hospital was desperate for a coroner - they’d had to send bodies for autopsies to the nearest hospital which was not only embarrassing, but didn’t allow them access to any of the process at all. They had to rely on the good graces and availability of the other hospital’s coroner, an arrangement that had soon become untenable.
“Ok. Out with it. I can’t take the suspense.” John said impatiently. He knew that Sherlock was hiding something.
“Hmmm…unexpected result! I need to add this observation into my table.” Sherlock leapt up, cock still out, lap uncleaned, and took a step towards the kitchen where his laptop was waiting for this supposedly urgent data.
John had to smile to himself as he and Sherlock were out at an honest to god furniture store picking out new pieces to replace the damaged beyond repair. It was perhaps the most
“You cannot leave experiments around for her to get into.”
“We’ll have to implement some new rules,” John added as they continued down the aisle, barely paying attention to the furniture.
The flat had been pummeled and, indeed, exploded, but it wasn’t irreparable. John found it a stroke of luck just how many of the original items survived the blast, and he and Sherlock made a point of salvaging what they could before the repairmen (vetted by Sherlock, and more importantly by Mrs. Hudson, personally) came and started making it livable again.
John hiked Rosie up farther on his shoulder, sleepy but not yet asleep, as he wove between a few desk chairs and a futon. “Doesn’t it look just like the old one?” he marveled. The angles, the color, the finish wasn’t quite right but it was
And with Rosie.
thing they had ever done together, especially with the baby in tow, to get her out of the house and away from dealing with mostly sitters. (He couldn’t find anyone who
want to babysit the kid of those he was willing to ask, bless.) And Sherlock was pretending so hard he wasn’t out of his depth, quietly assessing the construction, material, actual worth versus retail price of the pieces they passed. John didn’t pay any mind to the prattling, finding it soothing in a way. Until, distracted, he stopped, staring at a low coffee table. Sherlock continued for several paces before he noticed, spinning with momentary confusion, and ending up back at John’s side.
"John, please. I can't. Please. More."
Sherlock looked down at his hands folded in his lap, "I am not sure. He was the son of a military man, and he possibly was harming me to get to you. The letters were most certainly fake, most certainly sent from someone inside the ship. I think he was sending them to throw anyone off of the trail of him, and to get us on the boat with the promise of a mystery. But I am still working through that."
Sherlock stood over him, pulling at his hair, creating a wild halo around his head. His eyes burned ice blue, "Repeat what you said about the play before. Salieri? Amadeus?"
"He is a diamond in the rough. He's quiet, shy, but smart. He lets few people in to see his true self. One has to earn it."
Mycroft looks murderous, "pokud jste mi lhal tě zabiju sám . Řekl ti něco?"
, daddy, his skin turns really red when it's itchy, or when he scratches it!"
"What a mad bastard," John whispers to himself, tearing into the Christmas card, "Writing about the destruction of our archenemies in one letter, then sending me a Christmas card immediately after."
It was nearing ten pm when John grabbed Sherlock's hand and they ran out of the theatre down an alleyway to a small door hidden in the side of a bar, "I live in this apartment above my parents' bar. It's cheap, nothing fancy, but I have a nice bed." John winked, letting Sherlock walk ahead of him. He pinched Sherlock's ass as he walked up the stairs.
"Our home will be even more beautiful, Sherlock. And your happiness is worth all of my gardens and all of my lands."
"Sherlock, please, stop teasing. Stop."
"Tavis, will you escort my betrothed and I outside please?"
John decided on a bath. He laughed as he crawled into the tub of warm water. The entire situation was ridiculous. He was getting married, and he was thrilled about it this time. He was hopeful Sherlock might agree to stay married after the case. And if not, John would keep his promise. He would wear the ring, and there would be no others and Sherlock would have to choose what he would do.
Sherlock looked at John, "Did you tell him that?"
John picked some up, tucking a bit behind Sherlock's ear. Before Sherlock could protest, John silenced him with a deep kiss as he pressed him up against the side of the stable, "I know you do not want to be fussed over. I know you are not a blushing bride. But I am madly and wildly in love with my new husband. Let me spoil you, please."
The pace was wonderful to John.
"Mom and Dad, this is my boyfriend, Sherlock," John said it confidently, putting his hand on the small of Sherlock's back, encouraging him to come to the center of the room and shake hands with his parents. Sherlock couldn't move for a moment.
"Ok, gentlemen, I need to feed you up." John grinned, Hamish bolting for the dining room table. John stood up, helping Sherlock up by the hips and his forearm, pulling him up to a standing position and rewarding him with a quick kiss to the mouth.
Sherlock pushed himself down again so he was nose to nose with John, "Why would I take you to my secret spot by the stream? I don't have friends."
The woman wrapped her arms around the boy and brought him round to Sherlock's head again, "Young man, would you like your head raised up? How are you feeling?"
"No. I won't go with you. John hates me now. I can't bear to hear him say it. I'll break into pieces if I have to listen to him tell me to my face he won't marry me now--"
Both at once, both of their nerves frazzled, Sherlock shouted, "He doesn't even realize he said it!" and John shouted, "I don't know what I said or did!"
Hamish was standing next to Sherlock when the police barged in the door. He jumped, and Sherlock gathered him into his arms, moving to stand next to John who still had his gun on Mr. Hudson. As soon as the suspect was handcuffed and in custody, Sherlock handed Hamish over to John. John and Hamish both began weeping.
"Ok!" Hamish beamed. He hopped off the couch and went back to his stack of papers, working through the guest list and activities for his birthday party. John felt tears pricking at his eyes as Sherlock turned to look at him. Sherlock rubbed the pad of his thumb under John's eyes, wiping the tears away. Sherlock leaned in, kissing John deeply. "I love you so much," he breathed, loud enough for both Hamish and John to hear.
John can hear Sherlock speaking in the background.
were you thinking?" John put his fingers under his chin, keeping Sherlock's eyes from wearing a hole in the floor. The doctor crossed his arms and huffed a breath, relaxing his pose when he saw some moisture in Sherlock's grey blue eyes.
When he was dried, dressed, and in the living room, Mrs. Hudson was no where to be seen. He called for her. No answer. He imagined she must have grown impatient, as he'd been in the bathroom at least for half an hour.
As the murderer ran from behind the dumpster, the doctor yelled "watch my son" in the general direction of the police. The young boy, maybe 7 or 8, was standing near Lestrade. Sherlock took off in the doctor's general direction, calculating a cut off  based on the sounds of the scuffling and the thumps of feet against the pavement. Sherlock turned a corner around the building, miscalculating slightly, and ran nearly headfirst into the murderer.
Sherlock squeezed John's arms, patting his forearms, "I know. But I will take care of you, too."
He feels a swooosh, a pulling, as his arm is pulled down, dangling off the edge of the bed, he feels it being pulled, and held. (Is that a cheek? A hand? A face? A kiss?) His mind begins to climb up from the pits of slumber, bits and pieces begin to fall together. He sees, sitting on the floor, Sherlock with his legs spread out in front of him. He is holding onto John's arm, crying. (Crying?) John doesn't fully understand why or what is going on, he mumbles into Sherlock's hair, his ear.
Sherlock didn't speak but moved his hand backwards to grab John's hip and urge him to push in deeper. They rocked and undulated against one another. Sherlock turned inward to give himself enough friction to rut against the bed, crying out and coming with shaken, broken noises.
"Hmm?" John raised his eyebrow, continuing to serve up breakfast. He made himself coffee, trying to guess what Sherlock was up to. It had been a while since they'd had a proper case.
John leaned over, making sure he was still covered, and snapped the door back shut, "Thank you for your input!" John looked back at Sherlock. His eyes were blue green, soft, and absolutely focused on John. He wanted to ask him, but now wasn't the right time.
"Oh, John." Sherlock breathed, his mouth open, his name said with wonder, adoration. This was defintely the most favorite way John had heard Sherlock say his name. It was as if he was the most important part of Sherlock's world. As if he were Sherlock's whole world.
"Car trouble. I'd flown in and then couldn't get my car to start to get me home, thought I'd hitch a ride to get some help."
Sherlock woke to Mrs. Hudson batting at his head with a blanket? Pillow? Towel? His eyes hurt and his head throbbed. His throat was scratchy.
The jeep begins to ride easier. The road has changed from gravel to blacktop. John sits up slowly; he doesn't want to scare the driver and his date.
"You're so hot Sherlock, and wet," John moaned, pushing in just a bit more, "Can you feel me, just barely touching you? Can you feel me, just there?"
"You're the only one who knows," Robert explains, Roderick pulled close, Roberts fingers on the back of Roderick's neck, "Just in case, I wanted him to be next of kin."
(See the end of the chapter for
"What's wrong, John?" Sherlock strokes John's cheek.
John returns to the flat, Sherlock has texted him in his ridiculous fashion:
Sherlock stared ahead, his mouth open, eyes unfocused. John shook his shoulder, "What did Hamish talk to you about?"
Sherlock couldn't move more than rocking back and forth, chasing both sensations of John pulling on his cock from root to tip, his finger dipping and pushing on that taut bit of muscle that made him light headed. He could feel himself pulling upward, his bollocks tightened up and he spent, his entrance loosened around John and he dripped all over John's fingers.
Hamish gestured towards Mrs. Hudson, and she introduced herself. Hamish pulled on John's shirt sleeve, "Daddy, he's not mad at you. He's just busy being a good friend."
"Mr. Holmes, I have strict instructions from  your mother that you are to wear this pattern of tartan. Beyond that, I do not know whose clan to which this belongs, nor her reasoning. As we both know, she is a kind, but a crafty woman, so of course there is quite another motive for sure in your dress," William smiled, as he helped Mr. Sherlock out of his common dress, and began to place the new clothing upon him, "There will be time for questions later."
Sherlock rolled off of John's lap, and John stretched, then rolled up to his feet. Sherlock rolled his eyes, "She drives me crazy." John laughed, "She appears to get the job done, though. But you may want to go change clothes, love, before everyone sees you in that outfit."
John allows Sherlock to guide him, help him every step, as he washes up and changes clothes. When he's redressed, John stands as tall as he can and holds Sherlock tight, kissing him on his neck and collarbone. Sherlock kisses him back, on the cheek, and guides him to the couch.
"I don't mind, if you're friends," Sherlock whispered, looking down at John, "I just….I was so lonely. And I owe you so much. I don't want it to just disappear, if he says he loves you back, or if he….."
After one am, when sleep was still evasive, he debated exactly what shade of blue he could call John's eyes. In the middle of his musings, he heard a faint knocking on his door. Hamish peeked in.  His cheeks were wet.
Damn, he didn't realize his emotions were on his face. He runs his fingers through his hair, sighing as he puts his pants on. "I just..."  He sits on the bed. Jesus, remember, it's not deception, it's just speeding up what was already inevitable, "I'm not pushing you too quickly am I?" John searches Sherlock's face as he buttons his shirt.
“Well what about that blue stuff you looked at first. Does that mean anything?” John asked innocently.
“It says, “I knew that you always wanted to try this but had been too shy to ask so I decided to put a little play together for you. Happy Birthday, John. You mean the world to me and I love you with all of my heart. — Sherlock”
“Pretty much anything in the medical field but the job I’d been asked to interview for had been mysteriously filled right before I got there. I’ve even been rejected for ad locum work. Apparently they’ve never heard of my amazing skills as a doctor with a shaky left hand.”
John sat down on the side of the bed, placed a hand on one sharp hipbone and began;
John stopped walking and turned around to face the man.  He was impeccably dressed down to the watch on a chain on his vest and an…umbrella? It wasn’t supposed to rain, was it? John didn’t really pay attention to the weather reports. It didn’t matter to him one way or another. He went from spot A to spot B regardless of the weather so it didn’t affect him at all.
"Ok," John said, the head of his cock already in place, waiting eagerly. "Open wide! Here comes the airplane!" John slid into Sherlock in one smooth stroke.
Faintly from the stairwell came; “No you won’t!”
"It's obnoxious to answer a question with a question, John," he replied, still facing the door.
“Well? Mother may I use the loo?” Sherlock asked, batting his eyelashes.
“I’d say so. You moved heaven and earth to find me…”
“I don’t appreciate being punished for your tardiness, John.”
“Jesus, Sherlock. A little faith would be nice!”
“If you pass out from taking an antihistamine, you have more things to worry about than being drugged.”
“That was wonderful. You were wonderful.”
“Does it hurt?” John asked.
Anderson looked into John’s face and John slowly smiled. A very  predatory smile. ‘Christ. He really wants to hurt me!’ Anderson thought.
“Well…” Sherlock began.
“Ew.”
“Please, John. Lower your voice.”
“Sounds good,” John said, giving a little wave as he turned to leave heading in the opposite direction.
“I wwwwwaaaannntted you to FUCK!”
“Well?” Sherlock asked impatiently.
But this case? Every new detail would cause him to reevaluate the data which was something that hadn’t happened in…had that ever happened? He didn’t think so. Was it possible that this case would turn out to be a ten? Impossible.
“I won’t,” John said adamantly.
“Yes, Jim.”
John pressed his erection against Sherlock’s calf while he continued working him into a frenzy. He was going to need relief himself by the time this was over.
“What’s a “mycroft?”
“Becca, I’m gay.”
“And how would you know any of that?”
“Sure. What’s your question and make it quick. I have aah, other things on my mind.”
“Fuck!” Sherlock groaned.
He patted his clothes and everything seemed intact. He felt no unwanted intrusions in his bum. His mouth did taste peculiar though. Oh my god! Had he blown Sherlock Holmes?!
“Oh, I do, do I?”
Wrapping his arm around John, he pulled him close as John nestled into the space that had been created between Sherlock’s bicep and chest.
“Yes, that’s what I’d deduced before Greg arrived on the scene. That was brilliant,” John said while Sherlock blushed.
“I just don’t like people coming up behind me. You get one warning. Don’t do it again,” John said, all traces of good natured humor gone from his voice.
“Are you safe wording out? I won’t force myself on you outside of the game. Are you done then?” John asked, feeling incredibly disappointed for some reason.
He decided to stay with his genius and protect him from all harm. The man wasn’t happy but he was content and he accepted that as good enough. Still, every once in awhile, he would meet the genius’ eyes and feel a spark of electricity jolt between them. His feelings of love would rise rapidly to the surface and each time it took even longer to stamp them back down. One day, he couldn’t hide his feelings anymore so he stopped hiding and began openly admiring his genius, love obvious in his eyes. He decided that he’d to live with his unrequited love realizing that he could never leave the genius.
Sherlock felt confident that John would have at least contacted him if he’d felt that his life was being threatened at work but he hadn’t heard from him since the text from the night before when John had told him that he’d known that Sherlock was there.
“Um. Where are we going?”
“You drugged me!” Sherlock exclaimed.
“Captain! You should go next!” said Sergeant Mulvey.
As soon as John breeched him with his index finger, Sherlock closed his eyes, all feeling centered around John’s finger slowly easing its way inside of him.
"What would we do with him anyhow?” Bob said gruffly.
“Fine.”
“I assumed so.” Sherlock assured him calmly.
Opening the file and giving the contents a cursory glance, Sherlock closed the folder and pushed it back across the table.
“But…”
“That’s where you’re wrong. I could do this all night and not only would you be grateful for it, you’d lick it off of the floor if I told you to,” Moriarty gazed into her eyes, pushing the direction into her; making her think that it was her own idea.
“I am not done,” John said, pressing Sherlock flat on the bed before he could make his escape.
“Definitely!” Some scratching could be heard and then.
John and Sherlock exited the hospital in a companionable silence, walked to nearest coffee shop, sat down, John ordering coffee and breakfast, Sherlock, coffee only, and waited for their drinks to arrive before starting their conversation.
“They why would knowing what you are make a difference now?” Sherlock said, exasperated.
“We’re on page 15, I believe. Read the prop list so that I can make sure that we have everything for the scene.”
“I have to catch the murderer,” Sherlock replied in a monotone voice.
“I see. So…that brings us to force.”
“Ah, ah, ah. Don’t come until I say so,” John said, smacking his arse again.
Yes, I killed them but they didn’t suffer which is more than I can say for their victims.”
John circled Sherlock’s hole with his index finger, teasing the tip in and and out until finally plunging his finger completely into Sherlock’s tight heat.
“Well, fuck me! Just when I thought it couldn’t get any worse. I feel at a disadvantage sitting on your bed so let’s head to the living room to continue this enlightening and disturbing conversation.”
He’d been honest with Mike when he’d said that he was looking for a someone to share a flat with. His savings were almost gone at that point and he was living from benefit check to benefit check; until Mike had told him about the available position at Bart’s.
“I’ve been waiting for you to wake up for hours. Even after your IV was disconnected, you slept on. You were exhausted.”
“Open your eyes. What’s wrong with your voice?” Moran asked then noticed that Moriarty had John’s main line in his mouth, seemingly stuck to his tongue via suction.
Truth be told, Sherlock was still a little tired and so didn’t mind an extra nap, as it were. John was already asleep and Sherlock just curled around him like nothing so much as a big cat, and quickly fell asleep himself.
“Looks painful,” John said.
“Nothing,” Sherlock said, leaning his head back.
“I just need some…that’s really nice…time,” John finished.
“Anything,” John said earnestly.
“Stop waking me up. Go ‘way. Sleeping.”
“I look forward to it,” John said, closing his eyes then snuggling further in, falling almost instantly into a deep sleep.
That woke him up a little.
“True but you haven’t spent any of it anyhow. You’ve just been banking it so salary really isn’t an issue.”
Sliding tiredly back down against the wall, John handed one paper towel to Sherlock who began cleaning the blood off of his face while John did the same to his own.
“Christ. What goes on around here that that seems only a little odd to you,” John said, somewhat impressed.
“John!”
“Are you sure? Some of my cases can be dangerous.”
“What?”
Sherlock slapped his hand to his head in frustration.
"Me too," John smiled.
Sherlock shoved her away from him.
John was often in the field doing triage; preparing injured soldiers to be transfered to the medical center back at base camp. He wasn’t supposed to be in the field but he was so talented and had saved so many men that otherwise wouldn’t have made it that his commanding officers had thought it a risk worth taking.
"Well, since you've brought it up..."
“Captain! Captain! Niall’s been hit! He’s bleeding really bad. What do I do?”
Sure, sometimes a worker might sell a story here or there but the majority remains hidden. Going to the paper might get you a large chunk of cash but it’s not enough to live on. Eventually you’d run out and then what?
John stopped stirring, carefully set his spoon on the saucer and looked at Sherlock. Really looked and realized that Sherlock believed this load of horseshit. Great. He finally meets someone he gets along with and he’s insane.
“What are you talking about,” Sebastian said, stepping back from John angrily.
“I’d hate for us to come to blows over this,” Sherlock chuckled.
“Is that it? Shouldn’t you, I don’t know, at least be touching it to get it hard again.”
“Ummm,” Will began nervously although he couldn’t have said why he was so nervous. It was a pub after all and John wasn’t visibly drunk. Plus, John’s flat was within walking distance of the pub so he wasn’t all that worried; although, truth be told, he’d been planning to cut him off after this last bottle anyhow. And not just because John had drunk the last bottle of that particular brand that he had.
Thursday - 12:15am
“We could go for another sixty. How would you like that?” John asked with a sly smile.
John withdrew his finger and slowly eased it in again causing Sherlock to shudder.  On the fourth withdrawal, John added another finger and roughly thrust both inside. Sherlock’s breath hitched and John smiled.
“Becca,” Irene corrected.
“What’s wrong? You’d never willingly go to A&E and I can tell you’re not being sarcastic.”
’Next thing?’ John thought, dropping his head back on the table with a thud.
Raising his arm a bit, John peaked at Sherlock worriedly and asked,
“I always wanted to be a cowboy,” John said, smacking Sherlock’s arse sharply.
Sherlock gave him a steely glare but remained stubbornly silent.
John suspected that the nightly visits were due in part to his being the only other person on the floor working the nightshift.While John enjoyed working alone, he knew that for others, it could be lonely working in the middle of the night in an empty building five days a week and John was usually the only one remaining at that hour so he’d seemed to be a natural choice for the man to begin talking to and before John new it, it’d become an almost nightly thing.
“Oh. Did you hit yourself on my head while I was trying to get comfortable? I’m soooo sorry,” Sherlock said, a wicked grin on his face which was followed swiftly by a pillow knocking his head back.
John sat, gobsmacked. This had never happened before. It had worked, he knew it had.
“I thought it was just a kink and I enjoyed it. Why complain?” Sherlock said, shrugging his shoulders.
“You can keep your weapon,” Sherlock offered.
“Aint’ that the truth!” Sebastian said. Walking behind John’s chair, he placed his hands under his arms and began gently lifting him to a standing position.
John held up the container shaking it back and forth,“It contains cocoa butter so you’re going to smell especially delicious tonight. Continue.” John said throwing the jar at the bottom of the mattress.
Everything had been taken away from him in less than a second by a bullet that had left shrapnel behind destroying so much bone and tissue that they’d had to leave some of the metal inside of him or risk decreasing his already limited mobility. It was hoped that physical therapy could offer him some improvement and less pain. John wasn’t optimistic but then, he usually wasn’t…anymore.
“You know that’s not true. I’m actually lots of fun.” John crawled across the bed and slid the thermometer in and out a couple of times. It was planted in Sherlock's arse as if marking John’s territory.
“Harry! John! What’s going on in here?!” Mrs Watson demanded.
Sebastian gave the prearranged system of knocks letting Jim know that he was coming in. Unlocking the door, he turned his back against it to push it open so that he wouldn’t have to put his bags down first.
12:45am
“Yes,” John replied, exasperated.
“Since before you were injured,” Sherlock stated matter of factly.
“Maybe the coffee shop drugged them.” Sherlock said doubtfully.
"Fine," Sherlock said, getting into position. "OW! You could give a person a minute!"
John leaned over and placed a hand on Anderson’s good shoulder.
“Goodbye, Mister Anderson,” John said as he exited the alley and headed back to the crime scene.
I feel very awkward accepting such an expensive gift but you’re right; there’s nothing like it here and it will be very useful in monitoring my patients stats electronically. Thank you for the gift.
“I’m trying to take my mind off the pain. I can’t get into my Mind Palace to escape so you’re all I have in terms of distraction.”
“Just go,” John said with a smile.
“No. That was pure logic. The rest…sensing so much about one person…has never happened to me before.” Sherlock said, sounding distinctly uncomfortable.
“Sherlock. Give me your mobile,” John said, hand held out.
He could have gotten Lestrade to bring Watson in for questioning but Sherlock hadn’t shared the brothel or Watson connection with him yet. Scotland Yard had a habit of charging in and mucking up the evidence. No. They wouldn’t get Watson until Sherlock had wrung every last detail from him about the victims.
“A little although the pain hasn’t really improved, just shifted. It’s the dizziness that won’t stop; I feel like I’m about to pass out,” John said through gritted teeth, not opening his eyes.
“I’ve never questioned John’s intelligence but this is like a bonus. I want to hear it. Go on, John. What are the colors in Hindi?”
"Why, giving you what you want, John. I'm fairly certain that you're at the very least, bi. I'd enjoy it if you touched me now.
"John..."
“He slipped. Always was a klutz.”
“But. On the banks of the Thames? The smell must have been atrocious at low tide,” Sherlock interrupted.
Excessive editing later, as usual.
"What did you say?" John asked absentmindedly.
Sherlock began rocking back and forth, fucking himself on John’s fist as he groaned in seeming ecstasy. John couldn’t take it anymore. He was about to come untouched. He needed to fuck Sherlock RIGHT NOW!
“Just leave him alone from now on and let him do his damned job. And stop staring at him all the time. You know that only irritates him…”
"No, no it's not that. I've just never seen you wear jeans. They look nice."
Hamish piped up, looking up at both men from his open book, "Daddy, he doesn't have anyone. There aren't any flowers, and he doesn't have any missed call messages from the nurse's desk. His coat is well worn on the back hem, but well kept on the front. No one sees him to tell him the coat is fraying, so he only takes care of what he can see alone. You've been looking at your phone all day, daddy, call Uncle Greg."
Sherlock's full name.
Normally only allowed in after the victim was dead and the initial evidence gathered, Sherlock had arrived when a second victim had been found barely alive in an alley near the first murder. A doctor, walking home with his son, had seen the commotion and flashing lights. As his duty, he paused to see if he could help, and heard gurgling in the alley.
his palm flat and forward, waved back and forth.
Daemon shrugged, "Does he get his kicks off of it? Was he a kid who never got his break? I know he's a jerk. But why take it this far? It's insane."
"And I will require a lot of you. Quite a lot."
Sherlock smiled, drawing John in for one last embrace before they dressed.
"I know what he's trying to do to you and your brother. I've been watching him, watching you two. Have been," Robert squeezes Mycroft's clenched hands, "You're not on your own. There are others who care. Who want to help."
Hearing John say Greg's name, twice in the span of 30 seconds, and the snippets of context indicated John had just been on the phone with him. Sherlock hung up, John unable to hear him anyway.
Mycroft doesn't speak. Robert threads his fingers through Mycroft's.
John and Sherlock took their place in front of the Captain, who held a large book in front of him. Something didn't sit right with John. He wasn't sure if it was the book, or the fact that the Captain was sweating, but something was wrong.
John followed Sherlock's line of sight. Across the street, a group of Scottish men, playing bagpipes, were crossing on the other side of the road. They were dressed in the finest plaids and in full Scottish Highland dress.
"Sherlock, please,"
John looked up, grabbed his plate, put it in the sink with a clang. Hamish bit bis lip, and looked down at the table.
Sherlock kissed John soundly. He nipped at his lips, rubbing his skin against John's beard.
"John, I'm sorry," Sherlock said, putting the plaid over John. John lifted his hips and wrapped it as best he could one handed. Sherlock leaned down, put his arms around John, pulling it around him and tying it. As John held onto him for balance, John's breath ghosted on his neck for just a moment.
John put his hands up in surrender, "I don't know what you think I was doing Sherlock, but you know I am a terrible liar. Whatever you think I am playing at, I think you're mistaken. I am not playing at anything."
"Yes, how could you ask-"
John began walking, Daemon and Sherlock falling into step behind him. Sherlock watched John's posture. He didn't want to talk. He put his head down and his hands in his pockets. Instead, Daemon continued to whisper, discussing in detail, showing Sherlock on his phone, the other Theatres who'd had similar accidents after Jim Moriarty's inspection.
"You've told us about Sherlock, do we need to call Sherlock to get details about you?" Mummy teases.
Sherlock felt his ears redden. He continued, "I guess, thank you, I've never felt good looking. Or had friends. I would see or deduce things. I would tell someone something, and they'd hate me, make fun of me. I just figured it was easier to be alone with my books and experiments."
"This is Julie, assistant to Captain Openshaw. I know it's late but I was calling the police and the Captain thought maybe you two were here already. We've gotten five threatening notes today. This is the most we've ever gotten. We think it's getting worse due to your upcoming wedding. Will you come on board and help with the investigation?"
Sherlock took a breath, and began, "I follow you, and a lot of my acquaintances' friends, on social media. I go by
One day, running down the street after a thief, Sherlock stopped in the middle of a crossing path. Not only that, Sherlock stopped in the middle of his sentence and completely lost his train of thought. John skidded, crashing into his back. He cursed, wondering what in the buggery
Sherlock stared at him a moment, then simply said, "John."
John's clansmen slipped out of the room and shut the door. John crawled up into the bed and gently laid beside Sherlock, "My uncle fell off a horse like that. He was ill a few days and was an invalid for years. I was preparing myself."
Robert pulls Mycroft close. Looking into his eyes, he says, "You are not alone," and they snog each other breathless until they arrive at the office. Working under the cover of attending a conference together, it's not unusual for them to share a car.
"You've met him, then?"
"John!" Sherlock cried. His betrothed's voice, his scent, the memories finally registering, "Yes, I took you to my secret place. With your horses. And then-"
"Hello? Sherlock-" the static was cutting in and out - "are you ok? Greg said your landlady-" he lost bits of sentences trying to answer "Mycroft told Greg about. You ok?"
Sherlock nodded, his parents both helping him gently raise up. They led him outside. His head ached slightly, but his shoulder and ribs were no longer stinging with pain.
Sherlock rolled off the floor, turning on the lights. Mrs. Hudson blinked at the sudden bright light. Mr. Hudson began to speak, "You fucking kid-" but the rest of his sentence was cut off when John pistol whipped him.
He knew the basic content of the text before it arrived.
passed."
"John. John, what are you..."
It wasn't supposed to be Sherlock that shot him.
know my nickname?"
"Ok. Just tell him I miss him. God knows what you'll get back, just warning you."
Roger disappeared through the double doors. Daemon finally found him, sitting hard in the old wooden chairs, "You asshole. I didn't know where you went--"
"How do you do that? I've never figured my own son out, and you're able to."
Harry, who had been best friends with Anderson since High School, started screaming, "Don’t you dare come over here. No! Don't you dare. Stay over there. You can't! You can't tell me that. You can't!"
"What, my bonnie laddie?" John asked, pulling his body down, finally working towards putting all of himself into Sherlock. Sherlock pushed his arse backwards, forcing John to put his forehead on Sherlock's back, "I've got you, Sherlock. I've got you. You are so lovely. So perfect. Please."
He walks into the jeweler's store. An unassuming store front. Full of treasures from times past. He has in his pocket some jewelry that Roderick had given him nearly a year ago.
"Mycroft, how long must he be gone? And can we talk to one another?"
Sherlock and Daemon walked to the theatre, opening the back door to enter the green room. Sherlock remembered the warmth he'd felt meeting John here for the first time, which now seemed a lifetime away. They walked through the wings, walked onto the stage, staring up at the scaffolding, the aluminium framing still bent, unmoved from when Anderson was removed from its grip.
An older man came out, introducing himself as "Roger." He advised they were closing in on a subject and his boyfriend would be done soon. Sherlock pointed out to the Detective that each death or injury involved the understudy Charles Augustus Magnussen. The Detective sucked in a breath, then attempted to show a passive expression to the young man. It was too late. Sherlock had seen the look of recognition pass before his eyes.
" 'Lock, you're working yourself up, breathe," Tavis tried to get Sherlock to sit back, but he rolled on his side, laying himself on the ground. He didn't open his eyes, as it made the dizziness worse. An ache grew, pounding his head right behind his eyes.
"Mycroft," He feels Sherlock's hand rest on his thigh, and wrap his fingers through his own, "How dangerous is she?"
Sherlock is sliding forward off the couch, long legs collapsing onto the floor. "But, John, I was afraid..."
Sherlock and John collapsed on the bed, on either side of Hamish, without fully undressing. They turned so they could look at each other, and held hands above Hamish's head. They whispered, quietly, as Hamish slept.
John bursts into another fit if giggles. His sides hurt. His eyes tear up. He goes to the bedroom to show it to Sherlock, but his dear prince is already fast asleep, breathing deeply.
"How did we survive, John, not touching each other for so long? I can't imagine not sleeping next to you, not kissing you."
On the walk back to their small hotel room, their arms swung at their sides. John felt his fingers rub against Sherlock's every third or fourth step, but Sherlock didn't move away.
Robert takes the notepad and pen as he says "We need to stay apart," then writes,
John and Sherlock looked at one another, then Sherlock began talking, "I'll go, John, you're not well enough-"
Sherlock never intended to wait; a Holmes brother would always be the one to put a bullet in Magnussen's skull.
Sherlock allowed his mummy to continue to stroke his hair. He felt his breath begin to slow. After a few minutes William entered the room. His eyes were bloodshot and he was shaking.
"John, John please. John. Stop." He keeps walking towards the sound if his footsteps, hoping that John will wait for him.
After being surrounded by people for most of his adult life, army comrades, roommates, London's police force, it is calming to be laying  down in the back of a jeep, looking up at the stars. His eyes prick a little with tears as he wonders if Sherlock knows where he is, or even if he misses him, but his anger and selfish feelings push that aside.
The nurse returned with fish and chips and water, not from the canteen, but from an actual shop. The nurse smiled, "I know you missed your wedding reception. We wanted to get you something better than food from hospital."
"You are much better dressed than the last time I saw you when we were outside."
"He was hugging you, Mr. Detective, there are 34 approved ways of adjusting someone's spine and ribs according to my book on spine care and that was
Marry me.
"Sherlock, Sh'lock, what is wrong?"
As Sherlock began to drift into sleep, he heard John singing. John kissed Sherlock's temple every few words. It was an old wedding blessing song, one that was sometimes sang, or read, at formal ceremonies.
"Please don't talk about my brother like that around me."
It was one of the happiest days of his life.
As John is describing the scene and warning them of the smell in the building, Lestrade pulls up in his personal vehicle, with Molly climbing out of the passenger seat. Sherlock raises his eyebrows to give John a look, and he giggles.
As they work, one of the men stays completely quiet. They work, tirelessly into the midnight hours. The one Jordanian has a distinctive nose, but is so covered with soot and other bits of shrapnel he can't tell him from anyone else.
"Oh god, Sherlock, please, let's go to bed."
with him?)
clever," Daddy says.
Sherlock couldn't help but yelp at the feeling of their cocks nearly lining up, the heads of them bumping against one another, the leaking fluid mixing as they ground their hips together. John kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock, both of their faces growing more red, perspiration forming on their lips and foreheads.
Sherlock, the yards and yards of fabric splayed out behind him, laid down on his bed. His white skin was off set by his blush and the sheen of sweat forming. The fabric was versatile. It was breathable, but also meant to hold in body heat during harsh, highland winters. As Sherlock breathed, even though the fabric didn't cover a leg and an opposite shoulder, he was quickly heating in anticipation.
Sherlock looked out the window for a moment, arranging his thoughts in the correct order. Truthful, but not harsh. This was his methodology developed after years of practice, "I have known
"Yes," Mycroft is careful to look at Sherlock only, "It will be more difficult for you two than I realized. The necessity for you, Sherlock, to leave town and stay in hospital so you are safe. Mary must also feel that she has John's undivided attention."
The two men printed brochures, playbills and actor databases. Every similar feature was pinned at drawn out, listing each feature. The plays were different and the locations varied. Sherlock pulled his hair in frustration.
Sherlock left the room and the house at a quick pace, taking in the frosty morning air. The farmhands were stirring from their stable rooms and were feeding and brushing out their horses as the night watch were coming in, exhausted and sleep deprived. The lead farmhand, the one that had ridden up on them last night, galloped beside them.
Sherlock was dressed for dancing in his borrowed leggings and oversized T-Shirt rather than for helping John build the stage set. That didn't stop Sherlock from following John into the scene shop to help him on the table saw. He watched John, fascinated with how he could pick up three heavy two by fours and carry them over his shoulder. He was a marvel to behold.
"Sir, are you sure that the room off the stall will work? Or should I put you in the house?"
"But I still don't understand," John stepped around Mycroft to stare at Sherlock. Sherlock stares back at him, but his face was absolutely unreadable. John breaks eye contact.
He'd wondered later if he'd subconsciously known what Mary really was.
"What do you want from me?" He begins. He thinks of Sherlock's hands on his ribs, his mouth, his fingers across his jaw. Love must be his vicious motivator.
"What did you think about with this?"
Sherlock nodded, and they entered the interview room.
They hear the door click open before Sherlock has a chance to put John's shirt back down.
"John..."
Sherlock whispered, "I use things...Under the bed there is a box I keep."
"Where is this unscented oil now?" John asked, not breaking eye contact as he threw back a glass of mead.
into the ground next to his ring.
to the specifications of his
John smiled at him before pulling his shirt up over his head, "Yeah, if
Sherlock took two steps into the hallway. John, distracted by the sight in front of him, ran straight into the back of Sherlock with a wet slap. Sherlock was looking to the right, towards the couch, with a scowl on his face.
"I guess it's right on 3 am. Are you the stable boy? Would you have a place in the barn I could sleep until a decent hour until I could come calling?"
Sherlock thought he heard John snort from his bedroom.
"After we flew back.."
Tavis came around so his face was right in front of Sherlock's, " 'Lock, stop. You're not yourself."
Blackhouse:
Half asleep, John feels Sherlock washing him off. Sherlock leaves the bed, then John feels the mattress sink when Sherlock returns.
Hamish started again, looking from his father to Sherlock, "Well, I was talking about my birthday party with Melissa and Amanda. They wanted to know if Mr. Detective was coming. They know he's living with us. They asked if he's daddy's boyfriend, and I wasn't sure how to answer. They then asked if I had two daddies now, like they have two daddies, and I didn't know the answer to that question, either."
After breakfast, the flat was full of buzzing conversation. Greg and Mycroft came over to discuss what happened the night before. Mrs. Hudson was rubbing her eyes and her hip. Hamish kissed Mrs. Hudson's cheek and told her that he was glad she was staying with Mr. Detective, as he was very brave and would keep her safe. She was so taken aback she just nodded her head and allowed Mycroft to make the arrangements to bring over the rest of her belongings from her flat.
"Oh, my Sherlock," she fussed, sinking to her knees in front of her youngest son, "What a shock you've had." Victoria Holmes untucked the large part of her tartan and used it to wipe her son's face, pulling him close to cradle him.
"Oh no!" Hamish started crying, "Did I deduce you?  Did I do something wrong?"
John thought about his words carefully before he spoke, "Do you want anyone to be there? Your parents, Mrs. Hudson, your brother, Greg?"
They spent the next couple of hours talking, bringing wood to the stage, measuring, and adapting the partially built scaffold to fit what they needed it to do. Sherlock found himself watching the tech director as he easily made and remembered measurements in his head, climbed the scaffolding in seconds, all while smiling and laughing and telling jokes. Rather than berating Sherlock when he didn't understand what the equipment was or how to use it, he was patient, giving Sherlock the names of the tools discretely. As they were working on their last set of smaller pieces, Sherlock kept having to blow his curls out of his eyes. John went over to Sherlock and pushed his hair out of his eyes for him, teasing "I love your hair, but goodness, it would get in my way." Sherlock felt warm as John came close and smoothed his hair out of his face for him. He grinned back, hoping he didn't look too ridiculous.
Sherlock could tell by the way John's eyes moved from Sherlock's elbow crook to his eyes and back down again. He flicked his chin and pulled at Sherlock's hospital gown, a silent
"John, I know you're trying to go slow but please," John grins.
William and Mummy left him, Mummy leaving him with a kiss to the crown of his head. When alone, Sherlock carefully removed all his betrothed's tartan, laying it out carefully on his chair.
"No," Robert peers around Mycroft's shoulder to look at the scenery going by, "I see no need to worry. Won't change anything. I got to my position by my time spent appropriately dealing with bullies."
"Better than sleeping on my horse!" He laughed, pulling on the reins and guiding the horse into the stable. Sherlock laughed when the horse flicked its tail and swatted John Watson in the face, "Well, apparently my horse is more picky about accommodations."
, I just said you were
"Mr. Detective, I was helping! When daddy stitches me up, he talks to me about my experiments. What compound I should mix with what, or what soil sample corresponds to a certain area. You needed to be distracted by a case, so I found one, and it didn’t hurt as much, because you were thinking of case stuff, and not about your ribs."
John followed Sherlock, disregarding everyone else's stares and whispers. He wasn't sure if Sherlock wanted privacy, or he was chasing a lead on the case. Sherlock took his hand, looking over his shoulder and grinning back at John as they went out onto the deck. There was a line of deck chairs under the awning, and just off of the line of deck chairs was a small bar and a glass enclosed observatory. The weather was sunny and just a little chilly, so Sherlock led John to a deck chair to watch the ocean.
John woke up with dry mouth and a pounding headache. He looked over at the door, and his suit was hanging up on it, gently swinging. Sherlock, or someone, had just dropped it off. There was a note attached to it.
-----
"Sherlock was a nickname. I've always loved my hair long. To my shoulders, or longer, and my cousins called me 'sure of locks' or some such nonsense. It stuck, and was shortened to
Sherlock is now leaning forward on the couch, his eyes completely open, searching John's face.
He pulls out his service weapon, and twirls it around in his hands. He scares himself when he has a fleeting thought; what would Sherlock do if he shot himself, right now? Would he care, or would John Watson just be another body to look up at the morgue with Molly?
He runs back outside, searching the darkening countryside. Listening, he hears the sharp, quick crunching of feet maybe 200 yards away. The pace, the shuffle. John was close.
John turned red, they laughed until they cried.
, you always post a photo that includes you and Greg. If the photos are of a group, if the group includes his ex wife or my brother, they are completely or partially cropped from the photo.  I would imagine you didn't attend his wedding 8 years ago to his first spouse, Abigail, for the same reason you didn't attend the one to my brother two weeks ago. You are in love with him. It was too painful."
They changed the sheets, leaving the sticky ones on the floor. They were tired, and had every intention of sleeping, but the ended up facing one another and talking. They discussed plans, Hamish, and their parents. They debated over the kind of furniture to buy for the sitting room. Sherlock, his face bright red, complimented John on his repair of the wall.
your daddy for a long time through Greg and my brother, but I don't recall meeting him until the recent incident with the murderer in the alley. Mycroft and I are brothers, but we are 7 years apart, and at times we have not been very close, so I don't know Greg as well as well as I should. Since he's my brother-in-law now, that should change."
Sherlock mouthed as he gestured, ushering John into the car.
"Of course!" Sherlock snapped, grabbing the towel as he stood up out of the tub. He noticed Tavis give William a long-suffering look.
"Brother, dear. It is time to move you to 'hospital' to recover from your injuries and to move John back into 221b." John sits on the small lounge. His heart is pounding, staring up at Sherlock; looking between him and his brother. They are resolved, sad, and John will be embarrassed to admit it later; he's a little happy that Sherlock looks so lovesick at the prospect of he and John being apart.
John covered his mouth with his hand. He felt bad for eavesdropping. Whatever the two of them were discussing needed to be kept between them, but he couldn't keep his eyes off of them. He was transfixed by the look on Sherlock's face, and the way he held Hamish close to him. The tear and snot stained shirt that Hamish held in a death grip in one hand and his rabbit in the other. Sherlock's face conveyed such love and concern, completely focused on the young boy. John noticed, in the pale light of the lamp, how Hamish's face was thinning and he was growing into his longer limbs.
John watched him and calculated what to say. Though John had him bested by weight, he had no doubt Sherlock would be a viscous opponent if he though John was an enemy.
Sherlock laughed as he opened the restaurant door for John, "I've met many psychopaths, and you are not one."
John turned, smiling. His smile was bright and crinkled his cheeks, "Please do not be frightened of me. You may have, or not have, what you like."
They do not fully undress, but they have exposed one another; they have made clear their heart's desire. They wrap each other's fingers into both their hands, and stare at one another, quiet, intense. John rubs Sherlock's hair down one more time "We will talk more tomorrow," but for another hour, they stare into each other's faces, until John sleeps, then Sherlock moments later.
Finally satisfied with the inspection, that the scaffolding was sound and that the actor could lean on it at the right time and it would flip open for the dramatic fall, Jim Moriarty left them in peace. John watched his sister leave the stage and go outside to drink some scotch she kept hidden in her office.
John is content to lay in the grass, feel the air turn cooler and condensation settle on him as the sun goes down. He hears no traffic, no planes, and just sees a few lights click on at the other end of the airport. He doesn't have his phone, must have left it on the plane, so he assumes there is no way for anyone to track him. Or, they may be leaving him alone.
Tavis didn't respond but hauled Sherlock up by the scruff of his neck. Sherlock protested, claiming it pinched. Tavis began hauling him back to his house, berating him the entire way, "Sherlock, you are brilliant, but you can be an absolute fool. We were children. Children say hurtful things. You seem to forget all the times you called us idiots and you refused to play with us because what we did was too childish. Your dear John is in love with you, utterly besotted, and you've worried him sick long enough. You need to get all these notions out of your mind that you're not good enough for him."
Sherlock tried to relax, but he laid awake. At 4:12 am, he decided to leave the bed.
"Oh, this is going to be more difficult than anticipated."
Sherlock's parents came over to Sherlock, shaking him gently awake. He blinked, realizing he'd fallen asleep on the couch. He was now lying on it, alone, blankets piled around him. He was quite warm.
Even after Sherlock turned off the water, they held each other for a few moments, slipping against each other. They didn't have clean towels in the bathroom, so they held hands, Sherlock leading, to walk naked into the hallway into Sherlock's room.
Mycroft leans forward over the table, pushing his food to the side, "I'm what?"
"You're so beautiful," John murmurs, running his hand quickly through Sherlock's curls.
John is sitting at the breakfast table. He is dressed, making himself eat toast and jam. A knot, that will not leave, is in the center of his stomach. The Valium is taking the edge off his nerves. He was sure to leave the bottle in the bathroom that Mary uses. Any jitters, anxiety, weird speech can be attributed to the Valium. Rightly so, she will assume he is off his faculties because of the drug, and will not assume he is lying or evasive.
"Dimmock, write down what you want Sherlock to interpret and he will. Go ahead," Dimmock looked at them both, shook his head slightly and began typing. He wrote out a lengthy paragraph, then handed it to John. John held it up for Sherlock so he could read it easily while keeping his hands free to interpret.
John had remarked that "It's lovely to have a sleepover with one's best friend."
She adjusts her (fake) belly as she gets into one of Mycroft's many sleek, black cars. She doesn't speak, looking at the country side as they drive past.
Sherlock gave him a lopsided smile, "It's been nice having you here. Sorry it's not going to last very long."
As it wrapped up, he stood up and Greg hugged him, wrapping an arm around his neck and pulling him close, "I'm proud of you, Dr. Watson. It was important to tell that story."
"Hey," John tapped Greg's shoulder, "That girl you're interested in, her friend Sherlock, is he Deaf?"
Sherlock wanted to kiss John very badly, but he hated the taste of cigarettes. He squeezed his shoulder instead. Grinning, he replied, "Yes. I'd be amenable. But Hamish and I agree. We don't want to kiss you when you taste like cigarettes."
May you be blessed with long life and peace,
The detective looked at the photos and up at the young man in front of him. He looked at Daemon, who shrugged his shoulders in confusion.
The photos were fastidiously lined up on the mantle, in order of age. Up until Mycroft and Sherlock were in their teens, there were three boys in the photos. The boy he'd never seen before had Mycroft's sharp nose.
His large, airy home is set back off of a field, off a winding lane. With this layout, he can see cars or pedestrians entering his property from all directions. His business activities, his sales to media, have allowed for a rather quick upturn in investments.
John broke out into a grin, Sherlock giggled again, "Your son, your son is a marvel." John smiled, his hands still on Sherlock's waist and shoulder.
it's the
Robert looks out past Mycroft again, watching the scenery go by.
"You, sir, were rescued from someone, or something…" Billy looks from one to the other, Daddy Holmes has now turned around, "a failing marriage? A boring life? And this woman, your wife, completely turned your life around. Your life is far different than what you expected it would be from thirty years ago, judging from all the photos-" He gestures to everything he can see, on the wall, on the mantles, "from all those years ago, compared to now. In the office of yours, sir, I can imagine you before, and you after. She's rescued you from something, and saved your life."
"Please, Sherlock, you're going to make me come in my pants."
At that moment, Billy knew he was right. And being a romantic himself (and wanting Sherlock's stuff if he died) he shut his mouth.
John looks at Sherlock and then moves closer. Sherlock has a devious look on his face, "I made Mycroft buy us supplies," He laughs, bounding into the kitchen and then rustling in the bedroom. Sherlock returns to the living room to help John up off the couch.
Sherlock smiled, half asleep, as he reached out for John's plaid tied around his waist, "Before
"I like that," John grinned, happy with how his life was so different from a year ago. Challenges were still present, but he wouldn't be alone. He had a partner, a partner that understood both him, and his son. Happy wasn't even the proper word. Content, relieved, whole. His family, complete, "I like that, the only three in the world. No one else like us."
"Yes, John," Sherlock moaned, burying his face into John's neck, "Please, keep touching me, it feels strange, but good....don't stop. Please..."
“Fine. Useless information that I erased from my Mind Palace…no, I’ll tell you about that one later. Give me a minute…” Sherlock said, reaching into his jacket pocket and pulling out his mobile. He pressed a button and hit ‘send.’
John, back to Sherlock, just continued to work, with a smug smile.
Grabbing his cock, he lined it up with Sherlock’s loosened arsehole and, without finesse, slammed into him with such force that Sherlock was rocked forward. So slippery. John groaned.
“Jim, open your eyes. Jim?”
“Becca…” Sherlock growled.
Baker Street
“No one in their right mind wants to be left alone with Sally. Other than Anderson which makes perfect sense.”
“Ow! Yes. Ok. I have it!” Sherlock said and John released his hold on his hair.
“What’s up with them?” Lestrade asked.
‘What an arse!’ Sherlock thought. ’God, I love that man!’
“Was that a threat because it sounded like a threat.” John said.
“So what am I supposed to apologize for? It’d better be good, I have another case I’m also working on…for you, as it happens, Gerard.” Sherlock said as he pulled out a chair and sat down - on the edge of his seat, John noticed. As if he was prepared to leave at any moment.
John begins to figure out the trigger words.
“I’m afraid that’s unacceptable, John,” Sherlock said, trying to pull John’s legs apart at which he was only slightly successful. John’s cock wasn’t even remotely interested in the proceedings!
“Oh! I get it. Pila.”
“No. I don’t think he could either. God, I love you!” Becca quickly slid her feet into her sandals, grabbed her purse and was out the door leaving only a flutter of clothing to mark her exit.
“Don’t worry. It’ll be ok.”
“Lots of bodies right now?” Sebastian asked casually.
When several minutes had passed, and Sherlock’s cock had finished spasming, he looked at John triumphantly and waited for the praise that was sure to follow such a performance. His cock was now completely limp, looking like nothing so much as an empty balloon that had been overinflated and was now empty.
“I’m serious, Sherlock,” John said heatedly. “If you keep pushing me like this, if the only way to get some peace is to cut to off all communication with you, I will. I don’t need the aggravation.”
“It’s Moran. I know it is.”
“Thank god!”
“I cancelled all of their appointments and per his request, I rescheduled them with John.”
“Ok, Seb. It’s your turn to shine. The usual; check for bystanders, if you see any bystanders, kill said bystanders, drag freshly made corpse in front of the pub, open the door, ask if there’s a doctor in the house - I do so love a good cliche - then we’ll take a leisurely stroll across the street and watch as the action unfolds. Mycroft isn’t going to be able to catch this one in time.”
Sherlock’s Flat
John laughed, “I do indeed. Still, I am sorry about it. Not enough to take it all back but, not without some residual guilt hanging on. I’ll make it up to you, what can I do? Name it?”
"Who will be the Master?"
Sherlock stopped and looked at him.
“But John…”
“Good. Good.” John placed his clean hand on Sherlock’s arse, holding him in place until he was firmly embedded within him, balls deep. He paused.
“How he puts his shoes on the right feet every day is a mystery,” Becca said.
“Well, duh. Who didn’t know that already. Me too so we kind of cancel each other out, right? To gays make a straight or something?”
“That was when they thought that they had a chance of besting you. By the end of the third visit, the last two volunteered as part of a dare. Normally, I wouldn’t be so frank with a customer but we’re friends and I know that we both appreciate honesty in our collaborations.”
Sherlock slept on, oblivious to the problems of Neely and the rest. It all looked very domestic. Sherlock would have hated it. And Mycroft? Well, Mycroft might have enjoyed seeing Becca again although he’d never admit it.
Five Years Later
“Come with me to my flat. 221B Baker Street and I’ll explain it all to you.”
“I didn’t even get to say goodbye. The last words I had with her were cross and I’ll never be able to take them back. Make it up to her. I didn’t mean it,” Sherlock said, tears and regret clouding his voice.
“And where do you store the petroleum jelly,” Sherlock asked with feigned innocence.
It was his sixth visit and he was feeling a bit frustrated. Oh, not from lack of sex. On the contrary, he’d fucked someone every time he’d been there but it was never satisfying.
Sherlock wondered that himself.
“Just ignore him Gregory. You know he’s only doing that to bait you,” said a tall, slender man with faintly ginger hair.
“Don’t worry about them. They won’t be back.”
“You have a boy!” The doctor said, holding the baby up for her to see. The nurse took the baby to perform the Apgar test to make sure that the newborn was healthy. Swaddling the baby, she brought him over to his mother who immediately turned away.
Dear John,
Sherlock had always begun waiting for John at 10pm. It wouldn’t be like John to leave early but he’d rather be safe than sorry.
“Why aren’t you saying anything?”
“Slow down,” John laughed. We’ll get there.
Although, admittedly, this was uncharted territory for Sherlock so he had no idea what would happen next. What most worried him was the “improvising.” He didn’t really think that John would do him any permanent damage but he knew for sure that he was about to be in a world of hurt.
“Let me stop you right there. There’s absolutely nothing for me here. I’m not wanted at home and I don’t want to be there either. And the last thing I need is to worry about my scholarship being cut off at a moment’s notice…”
“You didn’t say anything about my hair. Come to think of it, you didn’t mention anything other than a black tie so really, I’m over dressed.” Sherlock said, beginning to unbutton his shirt causing John to give an inelegant snort beside him.
“Uh oh, wrong reaction,” Becca said and reached over to let a little more of the drug flow into Sherlock who slowly began to blink.
“Have it your way,” John said, holding Sherlock’s nose closed until he opened his mouth and emptied the entire glass in one measured pour.
“He’ll send his lackeys for you. And even a Dhamphir is unlikely to escape several vampires when cornered. You can’t fight them alone. This is all new to you. You’d be at a disadvantage and then they’ll bring you to Moriarty and he’ll kill you and that’s something I just can’t allow. Please move in with me so that I can protect you,” Sherlock implored.
“I’ve scanned it. Fucking, sucking, coming. Sex du jour,” Sherlock said, slapping the script down on the coffee table in front of him.
“Bullshit!” Sherlock began struggling again.
“What happened to “this was a human once?”
“If he can’t take a little fall like that, he’s no son of mine!” Mr Watson huffed, giving a covert wink and a smile to Harry.
“Defeats the purpose, doesn’t it?”
I know that you’ve been very busy in your new position but I was wondering if you might be available to have tea with me at the coffee shop across the road from Bart’s.
“If you let those doors close before I get there, you’re on your own for whatever fun you have planned for the rest of the day.”
And you'll thank me, too"
The impeccably dressed man sighed, exited the vehicle, and directed his driver to follow them closely on the walk to Doctor Watson’s flat. Sherlock was going to owe him big for this. Mycroft despised walking.
“Yep!”
“Ok. What information am I STILL missing,” John said, trying to remain calm. “Do I turn into a wolf during the full moon?”
“You’re actually deigning to call me, brother? To what do I owe the honor?” Mycroft answered condescendingly.
He slid between the cool sheets and duvet, rocked his head back and forth on his pillow a bit to make a nice dent for his head, closed his eyes and went to sleep - for approximately 15 minutes -and now he was wide awake and worrying.
“You were but I’m finding that this is a pretty nice way to be woken up.”
“Well, if you’re sure. We’ll just wait there until she’s brought in then. Come on, Bob.”
“Almost time to wake up, John. So far so good.” Moran said as he double checked the restraints holding John’s wrists and ankles to the table. Patting John on the shoulder one more time, he left the room, letting the door shut slowly behind him.
“Finally!” Sherlock exclaimed.
Just then, Sherlock’s a text which was announced by The Rolling Stones, Sympathy For the Devil.
“It is? ARE we in a relationship then?” Sherlock asked hopefully.
“Sherlock?”
“Yes, John.”
“You provide a very import service to the community, Doctor Watson, you shouldn’t be embarrassed just because you’re good at your job and enjoy your work. I’m very satisfied with what I do,” Sebastian said seriously.
“Maybe someone who was raped?” Elizabeth said gently. She knew Bob’s opinion on the matter but she’d always believed her daughter and thought she understood how she felt. Harriet would come around, eventually, she hoped.
“It’s ‘pila’? That’s the magic word, eh? ‘Pila’?”
“John! No time for chit chat. Are you coming?!” And let the door close again.
Taking a surgical glove from a nearby box, he carefully picked up both syringes, sniffing one then the other. Morphine. Lidocaine. He picked up the cup labeled ‘John’ and sniffed it. Nothing but espresso. On a hunch, he picked up the other cup that had been crushed and read the name: ‘Seb.’ Sherlock held that cup to his nose and sniffed it. Also espresso but there was something else…some sort of sedative that he had neither the time nor the inclination to attempt to analyze at that moment.
“I’ll just go have a look, shall I? Wait here.”
“Here’s the thing though. I’m about to fuck you and as we both know, it’s your first time AND you don’t even want it, so that’s bound to be uncomfortable. The champaign will help relax you. Will you drink some more? I’m only thinking of you.” John said sincerely.
“Not my area.”
This surprised Sherlock. He wasn’t used to someone questioning his word and he didn’t like it, not one bit. Time to put this little man in his place.
“Feel what?” John asked pushing an errant curl off of Sherlock’s forehead.
Throwing some money on the table, they left the pub, their two heads together privately planning a solution to their problem.
“I’m fine, love. I haven’t had any soothers. I’m just so excited for you!”
“I’m anxious to get you home, John.”
John, foot still raised for the next step, turned to look at Sherlock and said,
“Oh. That’s good too,” Sherlock said and smiled.
“Don’t be ridiculous. Doctor Watson just asked me how old I was and you know I don’t remember pointless information like that but I know that you do. So…ah…well, I was close,” Sherlock said and disconnected the call without saying anything else.
“You cheated first,” John said, smacking Sherlock’s arse again and standing up. “Don’t be such a child. Accept defeat.”
“Yeah. Dunno about that. My team’s rubbish at the moment.” John laughed.
“Don’t you just love Japanese sand art? So relaxing. So peaceful,” Moriarty continued swirling the sugar around into different patterns with his forefinger.
John can't handle the truth.
“This is…you’re unbelievable! This whole scenario is far fetched. It’s like a poorly written dramedy. I’m leaving! Oh, and tell your brother to stay out of my business.” John grabbed his coat and headed towards the door only to find his way blocked by one Sherlock Holmes.
“Please. Let’s not stand on ceremony. We’re friends by now, aren’t we? Call me Irene,” she said holding her delicate hand out to shake his.
Sherlock had obviously walked the perimeter of the apiary several times and now he was touching all the plants and saying their botanical names beneath his breath.
“Does it? Interesting.”
“Ah hah!” John held up an item sealed in plastic with the word “sterile” stamped on it over and over, and tossed it on the bed. He gave Sherlock an impatient look.
“Lift your leg, John.”
“It’s…as chief coroner at St Bart’s.” Mike’s face grew red.
“I’m so sorry! I didn’t know that you were an alcoholic! It wasn’t on your paperwork. I apologize.”
“I did no such thing.”
“Ooh. Nice duvet! Comfy. Come on then. Don’t be such a baby.”
“I saw no reason to disturb Molly at this hour and took all of the samples myself. You can check the vials on the workbench if it will make you feel better.”
Sympathy For The Devil began playing again.
“Which brings us to my second problem; I will not be reading about ‘semen found on Sherlock Holmes’ trousers’ in the latest scandal sheet. I also won’t give up my DNA quite so blithely. No. I’m just going to wait until the tide recedes.”
“Why do you always do that. Say something only to lie and say that you said something else? You think I don’t notice but I do.”
“We’re old friends. He’s just excessively inebriated which I’m sure the police would like to address with you first,” Sherlock said, calmly yet threateningly.
“Ooh boy. This doesn’t seem like a good story…”
Now John began paying more attention to Sherlock’s prostate, causing him to reflexively grind his hips against the towel.
“Well, that’s the end of that,” John said, turning the empty champaign bottle upside down in the bucket.
“I don’t know what else there is to tell me. You’ve already explained everything, haven’t you?”
“Yes! God, yes! John. Anything. Anything you want!’ Sherlock gasped out. “Just, fuck me some more, please?” Sherlock asked, wiggling his hips for emphasis.
John had worked a double shift that day and was in no mood for a talkative Sherlock. He opened the door to the flat to find Sherlock sitting at the kitchen table, looking intently into his microscope. John heaved a sigh a relief.
Sherlock
“I read your file. Is this about your inability to have children? I’m not asking for a commitment right now. I don’t even want children.”
“Ah. That won’t be necessary. This is strictly a conversation. No sex required.” Christ. He was blushing again. Still!
“And then?” John asked.
Moriarty’s Safe House
"Oh. Of course. I apologize."
“Later. Don’t stop.”
“Oh. No reason,” Sherlock replied and then remained stubbornly silent.
“A few weeks of him laying about the house milking the tiny injury for all it’s worth. Fine. When can we take him home?”
“You win, Doctor Watson. I’ll be taking my leave of you now. For what it’s worth, I don’t personally monitor everything that Sherlock does; I have people who do that and alert me when they feel that something requires my attention. I am in no way interested in Sherlock’s sex life. I’ve sent the staff to lunch for the next 90 minutes - I do hope that’s enough time for you to be…satisfied - so no one will be listening in for a bit. Goodbye.” Mycroft rang off.
Sherlock sighed and said; “This is going to be a long night…”
“Let’s take this nice and slow,” John said, one hand on Sherlock’s hip while he slowly eased in.
“Oh, that’s just too bad,” Sherlock said sarcastically.
“I don’t have to take this kind of abuse!” Sebastian said heatedly.
“I am NOT nervous! Just get on with it!”
I hope that you enjoy it anyhow.
“I think you have that backwards. It’s what’s getting into YOU.”
Mycroft needed to get to John lest Sherlock wakeup before he’d gotten him back. And it wasn’t like he didn’t care about John - he cared, a little. If Sherlock woke up and still didn’t have John, there’d be hell to pay.
“Well,” John paused, searching his mind for knowledge learned long ago.
They slipped into the darkness and went back to their base. They couldn’t get too close to Sherlock. Dhamphirs could sense when a vampire was nearby. The game was just starting and Jim wasn’t in a hurry to end it. The longer it took, the better.
“And why didn’t it heal completely? As a Dham...soldier, the doctors should have been able to put you back together quickly and with ease. I see that they must not have had your…’skills’,” Sherlock ended sarcastically.
—Mycroft”
“Sit down before you fall down, John.” Sherlock said gently. He was actually beginning to feel something like sympathy for this man.
“I have agents on that as well.”
Sherlock turned and headed towards the exit.
“What? No. Just exhausted.” John shoved his jeans down without unzipping taking his pants with it. With a shrug, he pulled off his vest, fell face down on the bed and lay there without moving.
Sherlock sat angrily planning John’s protection.
“No time like the present,” and held his hand out to help Sherlock up.
“And you think that you’ll be able to succeed where so many others have failed?”
“Yeah, yeah. Just some heartburn and heart palpitations. They’ll go away but I’m definitely glad that I didn’t finish that entire cup!” John said, getting up and dumping the rest of the coffee in the sink, then crushing the cup and throwing it into the bin alongside Sebastian’s discarded cup.
“Does he ever?” John laughed, letting the curtain fall back into place.
“Yeah, well, we never had anyone with their foot in their mouth.”
“I don’t see why this couldn’t be done via text.”
“Oh Johnny, don’t be like that. You must realize that you brought this all on yourself. You know what your father’s like when he’s angry.”
John paused long enough to reach around and grab Sherlock’s cock with his lubed up hand.
“Some. I don’t understand what happened,” John said, frowning in confusion.
“No,” John said firmly.
John pulled Sherlock’s head to his and pressed their foreheads together. He cupped one hand around Sherlock’s cock through his pants, applying the faintest pressure so as not to cause him more pain.
Then it was time to start school and John couldn’t wait! He’d be out of the house, finally able to make friends and Lawrence would be in the grade ahead of him because he’d been born in December and John in March. But then it was decided that it would be better to keep them in the same grade so that they'd have each other's support in a new school. If John thought his life was hell before, it was nothing compared to Lawrence and his gang of friends.
“Yes, John.”
“This really isn’t the end of the world, John. It isn’t. It’s horrible and I wish that it hadn’t happened but nothing we do will change that and there are plenty of Alphas out there who don’t want children but still desire a bond mate. It’s not unheard of.”
“Come now, Doctor Watson,” Sherlock said as he freed John from his chair. “I think we’ll go to my flat, it’s closer.”
“Everything looks bleak right now but it’ll get better. I promise.” She patted his hand.
“Indeed. Sounds like a good idea. Gregory, shall we?”
“Do all of your employees have that level of client dedication?”
“What was that?”
Suddenly, Sherlock’s fingers tightened in John’s hair pulling him against his pelvis so hard that his cock hit the back of John’s throat causing him to gag.
“Well, back to the Yard. I’ll catch up with you two later,” Lestrade said, turning to leave.
“And as my lover?” Sherlock ask, eyes dark and liquid.
“I don’t want to hear it, Sherlock. No one is making you walk me home every night after work. Actually, I’d prefer it if you stopped showing up at all,” John said, picking up his pace a little. The sooner he got home, the sooner he could be rid of Sherlock.
Why hadn’t Sherlock said anything else. That was suspicious. For something so important, he’d been awfully accepting about being put off. He’d never accepted John not bring at his beck and call before so what was different about tonight?
“John!” Sherlock gasped. He shoved the mobile under a pillow.
I would love nothing more than spending time with you getting to know you better. I will meet you at the coffee shop at 2pm sharp. I look forward to seeing you again.
“You seem gifted with a good sized cock yourself. I almost wish I’d let you win. Almost.
“And it’s going to remain a fantasy,” Sherlock said with finality.
“I’m not in the mood for fun at the moment, John. I’m in quite a lot of pain, actually. ”
“Well, what do you know, there really was a doctor in the house,” Jim said, laughing.
“Have you ever had your arse eaten? I’m assuming not since you haven’t let a cock in there but I could be wrong. Am I?” John asked.
“Oral sex. He’s considered the Master of Fellatio. That’s actually the name his clients use to book time with him.”
Lestrade stared between Sherlock and John, sipping his beer like he was watching the most fascinating tennis match ever.
“Sherlock, I can assure you that my people know the difference between John Watson and a corpse.”
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock answered immediately. That was wrong. Why did he say that.
“Yes.”
“Vampires have Soul Mates too?”
“Or what?” Anderson sneered, placing the palm of his hand on John’s chest, preparing to give him a shove.
Anderson lunged towards Sherlock but was stopped by the sudden appearance of a wall in the shape of John Watson.
“No…but…there’s something I need to do,” Sherlock said, now clearly confused.
“If you two have done with measuring your cocks, could you please remember that there’s a murder to solve and that you’re both more than qualified to be here? Honestly, Sherlock, you exhaust me at times,” Lestrade finished.
“Yes, sir. For all the good that’ll do. He’s got a 10 minute lead, how far could he be? He’s probably already sitting on the perp waiting for us anyhow.” Sally turned and began to chase after Sherlock.
Sherlock turned and walked from the kitchen to the door and listened intently. He was wearing one of his green silk robes and as I could tell by looking at his lovely arse outlined in the silk; he wore no pants.
“Sherlock. Sherlock, wake up!” Mycroft said, thinking about lowering himself enough to giving Sherlock a shake. Then he noticed the IV in Sherlock’s arm and followed the line to the almost empty bag. Professional notes were written on the bag as if it had been done in a hospital. Most likely done by a medical professional then but who…
“That was a bit close, lads. I hope our relief gets here soon or we’ll all have holes in our biceps. Ok, this shot of morphine should hold you over on the ride back in the copter. Just relax and we’ll worry about the rest.” John watched as Sturges relaxed and fell into a fitful sleep.
John leapt from his chair, fists clenched, face red in anger.
Sebastian entered through the lab and rushed into the morgue carrying two couch cushions.
It looks like you’ve finally got the hang of it. Good job.
He reached the door to John’s lab but didn’t see him so he hurriedly punched in the code and slammed the door open with so much force that it bounced off the wall. By the time it had closed, Sherlock was already at John’s desk examining a dried coffee cup ring.
“What is this supposed to mean “Dark John”?” He asked.
“Your posture is exceptionally good right now. Even for you. Standing up, John began to look at Sherlock’s back when he noticed that the tub had quite a bit of blood in it. There was also a bloody hemostat laying in the mess, a large…was that a splinter? Yes. With a large splinter locked in its jaws. Then John looked at Sherlock’s back.
“Unless you can add something useful - which I highly doubt - shut it. Adult working here.”
“You want to hurt me…”
Sherlock looked down and said, “The cuff of my left pant leg is perilously close to touching the ground.”
“I’m not gay.” John said, not quite as convincingly.
“I’m bored!”
“You don’t really want me to stop, do you?” John asked, undoing Sherlock’s flies.
“If it’s ok with you two, can we please wrap this up?” Lestrade asked.
“Then what happened?”
“Are you sitting on the cold bathroom tile?” John demanded.
Dear John,
“But…why. Why am I here? Why me?” John asked, struggling to get the words out.
“Ah. Becca’s involved. Should have known. I’m going to kill that woman someday.”
“You’ve been doing this for over an hour! I’m not even numb anymore and it really hurts!” Sherlock complained.
“It’s Holi,” John said.
“I think that we should give it a go.” John said, smiling up at Sherlock.
The woman currently being wheeled into the Maternity Ward was screaming so loudly that visitors and nurses were stepping out into the hallway to investigate.
“That’s not going to work,” Sherlock stuttered.
“Ummm…yessss…”
“John. John, what are you doing? I need you to fuck me.” Sherlock said, rocking back against John’s cock.
“What do you say?”
“I plan on working on one of my projects next week. It’s going to be fun, having the time to do something I love and not be interrupted.” Sebastian said with a smile.
“I have an idea what you can do with it,” offered John.
“That’s what I like to hear,” Becca leaned over, held Irene’s chin in the palm of her hand and kissed her slowly with a promise of things to come later.
“Yes, you do. You are incredibly turned on by the idea. You told me so yourself, didn’t you?” John asked.
John leaned down and licked first one, then the other nipple. Sherlock was heavily panting by now and reaching up, ripped John’s jumper off until they were skin to skin and it felt amazing.
They heard a noise coming from Hamish's room. When they knocked on the door, they found Hamish surrounded with a half circle of  boxes and trash bags. He was sorting through his toys and clothes, marking them off of a list. John cleared his throat.
"You bridegrooms are up early."
like this? There is so much going on. There is so much to feel. A lot of sensation."
"Oh my god," John exhaled, grabbing the bench, willing himself to relax, "You are making up for lost time."
character. When it comes to Lord Watson, you are far more out of your depth."
Sherlock's eyes are now filling with tears, "I thought it was part of the plan, or you forgot, or..." John pulls Sherlock's face down to his, kissing, nibbling at his lips, "Sherlock, Sherlock, the only thing keeping me from marrying you is being released from my current marriage. I am yours."
"Magnussen printed something about you. About us."
"So, do we have a plan yet, Sherlock? As far as itinerary?
Later that night, John had bounced on the bed, banging the headboard into the wall, cracking the plaster off in chunks onto the carpet. Mrs. Hudson giggled as she walked past their bedroom, watching John reorganize the bed so it was in the middle of the room and patch and repaint the wall. They were all negotiating their relationship and their boundaries, and learning how to share space. Sometimes learning new things about one another that they'd rather not have known.
Sherlock's middle brother has been sent away and may not come back.
Sherlock left the bed, and searched for his clothes as well, "You're ok if I meet your parents?"
Sherlock is still at the morgue with Molly, so John decides to sleep.
"Yes, yes Greg,"
"You're an army doctor. You've seen loads of deaths?"
John whispers again, "Stop moving. I want to touch you. I can't touch you if you're moving." John closes his eyes, feeling another wave of nausea and dizziness overtake him. He hears Sherlock leave the room, rummage in the kitchen, hears him talking on the phone. (Talking? Is he talking on the phone? Or to John? He can't tell. Everything is too loud and fuzzy.) Sherlock brings John a bowl. (Why a bowl?)
"Mycroft," Robert huffs, pulling himself up further. He crosses his arms, over Mycroft's stomach, and rests his chin on his hands. He looks up into Mycroft's face, "I am talking to
John inhaled quickly. He recalled the same look, the same inflection, when Sherlock was completely distracted from a case with John's first wedding. He'd imagined, in the months after Mary's death, that Sherlock had loved him then. That he'd loved him from the beginning as John had. Sherlock had sacrificed everything for John, watching him marry someone else and do his best to give John what he thought he wanted.
"Sherlock," Mycroft takes him by the shoulders and pushes him back slightly, kindly, so he can look him in the eyes, "You need to pack. Your car is downstairs. We need to get you out before Mary catches you. I have a disguise. Mrs. Hudson will travel with you, so you can be presumed to be her relative if we are under surveillance. I'll go talk to Mrs. Hudson so you two can have your goodbyes."
"Sherlock, are you alright? Is this what you wanted?"
"Yes, before the baby is supposed to be born. We've got to run two scenarios, one if she is pregnant and one if she is not."
"Hello," the man said, his voice was light, and friendly. It was hard for Sherlock to tell the man's features or hair color in the dark light, but his hair had a shine in the moonlight.
Robert scoots closer. His bodyguard sits in the front seat, so they could sit on opposite sides if they wanted.
Sherlock was angry. He opened his eyes. Tavis was standing on his left. Behind him was Norris, Gavin and Price.
Sherlock squeezed John's hand and watched him leave the green room. His heart ached.
He was alone in the room, but he heard talking from somewhere else in the house. It was snippets of conversation, arguments and some yelling. He wanted them all to stop, to be quiet for a moment. He cried out.
She dials her younger son's number while holding the young man tightly in her other fist.
"You're itchy."
Noticing the stranger, and that his younger brother was wearing the same tartan as him, Mycroft Holmes asked, "What did we miss?"
As she said the word "distracting," Harry gestured to Sherlock's person, crudely focusing on his groin. Dameon stepped in between Harry and Sherlock again before Sherlock could move any closer to her.
My moonlight
Sherlock worried he was in trouble, but Hamish was grinning. Hamish helped him off the chair into John's bedroom. Sherlock stayed in the doorway, but John gestured him inside and shut the door behind him.
"No, it's just, most everyone I've been around is not kind at all to Hamish," John lowered his voice, "Anyone I've tried to date doesn't want anything to do with us after the third or fourth date because they don't understand him. And you understand him," John smiled, then blushed realizing the context of what he'd said, "Not that we're dating, you and I, jesus, just trying to explain how rare of a person you are."
"před hodinou"
"I know. I know. I didn't understand."
Sherlock looked up, "I'm not sure, but I believe your son just read off a 10 page thesis on why you two should move into my flat immediately. Not in a week, or a month. Now. He included the pros and cons of such a decision, and how we, Mrs. Hudson included, would all benefit overall from this decision. Hamish mentioned a few times the need for a real laboratory.  He also went over some type of cost benefit analysis that I couldn't quite follow."
Sherlock reached his hand out and put it on John's knee. He expected John to flinch back, but he didn't.
Mycroft rubs Robert's coarse curls. They're too short to pull, or run his fingers through, but the texture feels lovely on his fingers and his palm, "You may have me confused with someone else."
"I have them. I bought them, while you were gone....and when you took a while to come home....I felt foolish." Sherlock opens his bedside drawer, showing John the box of condoms and lubricant. Sherlock begins to sniffle again, just as John tackles him back onto the bed.
Daemon and Sherlock stopped and looked up at John when he walked close. Sherlock took one last drag off his cigarette, throwing the butt on the ground and mashing it with his heel. John raised his eyebrow, then picked up the cigarette and threw it in the trash.
His heart hurts, wondering if years of their wanting each other, but not acting on it, had done this to each other. "Sherlock," As he wipes away more tears, "Let me take you to bed, if you'll let me? I love you. I want to be only yours."
Sherlock blushed, "When you said that we couldn't travel very much after our first coupling. I agree with you, I imagine I'll be quite sore soon."
John looked from Sherlock to Hamish, "I also love Sherlock because he loves
Mycroft looks at John, then snaps at the man, "proč se chováš takhle? co je to s tebou?"
Victoria took Sherlock's face in her hands, looking in his eyes, "I want you to like him. To feel safe. I want you to have a choice," she sighed, pushing his hair out of his eyes, "But we are somewhat bound."
"Rose oil. My seanmháthair gave my helper William the recipe for the rose oil and the unscented oil for-"
Sherlock ran his fingers through John's golden hair. Sherlock had to bite his lip again with another bout of sharp pain and dizziness. He felt John's arms around his waist, his head in his lap, his shaking shoulders as he wept.
I remember reading a real life proposal or in a novel of someone playing cello or violin with a ring on the end. I couldn't find it, but I loved it. I meant this as an homage to whatever I read that had it in it, all credit to the original idea or proposal.
"Oh," Sherlock answered, putting the leather bag down. He looked at John, considering placing his hand on his knee. He reconsidered, instead, spread the handfasting cloth over both of them, as there were no other blankets. He watched John guide the mare down paths and fields, hoping the hour would pass quickly.
Sherlock turned around to face him, "Don't be ridiculous, John. I was afraid of your rejection. And it would cause the wanting and longing for you to rekindle, when I'd kept it at bay for years. I didn't want to betray it and ruin our friendship. And then, to have you tell me you wouldn't mind staying married," Sherlock pulled John closer, "I didn't know how to react to that. I hadn't come up with a proper response to that."
Now, normal is Sherlock taking his face again, pulling it close, kissing him deeply. John can smell the burning cedars and old timbers, feel sparks, the smell and feel of Sherlock's warm gloves upon his face. They are both grabbing, touching, breathing into each other's mouths as they move and pull one another to Sherlock's bedroom. The covers are still down turned from where they slept the night before.
He sits in his chair, willing his mind to clear and allow him to flip through his files. He is fixated on the Holmes brothers. They are fascinating; they deeply love each other, yet the games they play are so.....delicious.
"Daddy, what did you say-"
"John, what's wrong?" Sherlock sets the glass of water down on the nightstand and strokes John's hair.
They sat at the kitchen table, drinking tea. Sherlock recounted his days with John and Hamish, and the case #544, of the murderer with the long medical knife that almost killed Sherlock but led him to meet John Watson instead. He explained what he knew of Greg and John, but how Greg was now married to Mycroft. He slipped a bit, revealing how his heart hurt when considering if everything would fall apart if Greg knew about John's affections.
" Next to the vest is tucked a Manila envelope- "Read First."
Sherlock sucks on John's neck for a moment; John runs his fingertips across Sherlock's back, his arms, his shoulders, "Jesus, Sherlock." He's breathing, pushing his hips back so he's not grinding into Sherlock as much as he wants to.
"I hold a minor post in British government," Mycroft says, smiling through tears, "I do believe I can have our marriage processed by tonight."
Sherlock grabbed the leather bag that had been stowed under his seat. He jumped down from the wagon, his legs beginning to shake. He wasn't sure that he'd be able to walk. John was at his side, holding his arm. Sherlock allowed John to take the bag from him. They entered John's home, the windows open and the light shining in from many windows and the fireplace hatch. John led Sherlock over to his bed which was tucked in the corner of the house, at the opposite end of the kitchen.
John wanted to run. He couldn't wait for the first stop of the cruise so he could get off and go home, then find a new place to live. This was going to be a miserable experience. He held on to the vows he wrote Sherlock, and did his best to take deep breaths and will himself to take one step at a time.
Sherlock felt another pair of arms pull him back into a tight embrace.
"Sorry, what?"
John, who had been a coward for so long, felt something stir in the pit of his stomach. It was the same adrenaline that kicked in when he knew he was about to do something stupid, "Sherlock, I am an idiot. Please, so we're clear, tell me why you're angry with me."
But he was alone.
, to Sherlock. Sherlock opens his mouth, eyes on Mycroft, then shuts his mouth when he looks back at John.
John laughed, allowing himself to be pulled onto Sherlock's lap. He felt warm, affectionate, but still slightly dizzy from the pain medicine. His eyes would drift in and out of focus at inconvenient times. When Sherlock was kissing him, or helping him move from the bed to the bathroom, or whispering stories in his ear.
"Yes, my dear, my prince, my sweet prince,"
"Ok, when you're clever, it's easy to be impatient, or rude, or hurtful, because everyone else moves so slowly, or is boring."
"We fought a lot, though, Sherlock, at the beginning. We get along together this much because we've been married for 40 years."
The consulting criminal.
now. I would like the other title as soon as possible."
Sherlock turned to him, looking at him and then Greg, "Is that enough to go on, Detective Inspector? Is there anything else?" Sherlock had to bite his tongue and visit his mind palace to keep from blurting out something rude to Greg about the incompetence of his police force. As always, Greg was thankful, and was able to piece the rest of it together on his own.
As he checks his messages, his face becomes more and more lined, gritty, pupils pinpointed in the dark.
"Hmmm," Sherlock breathes into John's hair, "How will you keep me safe?"
John, looking into Sherlock's eyes, the eyes that he'd always loved, stay on him as he pushes his cock into Sherlock as gently, slowly as he could. Sherlock's cock bobbed as he enters. They are connected.
John's voice cracked, "Yes, we need to go. We are all going."
Sherlock chuckled, then pulled John's arm tighter around himself. John willed himself to breathe more evenly, and thought about Mycroft to will his aching member back under control. Just as he was going to drift into sleep, with his detective in his arms, Sherlock cleared his throat. He squeezed John's hands again, stating, "I find myself, upset, for having yelled at you, earlier. As we discussed the annulment. I'm sorry, I have just had to put off this case for two weeks. I'd been trying to work on any alternative to asking you to marry me."
Sherlock tilted his head, "Why would you think we're not okay?"
Sherlock woke to John kissing him. He was unsure how to respond. He'd been worried that he'd hurt John, but he seemed perfectly content. In looking over John's body, he couldn't imagine him fitting inside of Sherlock. That would have to take a lot of preparation and encouragement. He didn't feel different, except for the fact that he didn't want to leave this bed. He wanted to stay wrapped around John, feeling his lips across his jaw and his neck.
Greg shook his head, "We can go talk to him, you can go talk to him. What you're saying, it's not true-"
Sherlock had been roused, every few hours, just as John had promised. John had kissed him gently and stroked his long, dark curls each time. Candles kept a soft glow of light in the room so John could see Sherlock's eyes and check his breathing.
"Does your John know what happened to you?"
John just smiles, then goes over to the car door to open it for her, in a fake gesture of helping her out of the door with her large belly, to guide her to the door of the house to block her view of any line of sight. Operatives on the roof, ready, the moment they walk in the door. He takes a moment to check and see if there are any weapons on her.
John had never heard his name said that way. He could live never hearing it said that way again. Sherlock's tone was angry, it was biting, it was vicious. It was injured. It was hurt.
As they pulled up to the kerb of 221B, Mrs. Hudson nearly sprinted to meet them. Sherlock wrangled John and their small suitcases of clothes and toiletries until John could walk far enough so Mrs. Hudson could help steady him. John was beaming.
"Ok," Roderick smiles, "ok, brother mine."
"My darling, your family may tease you," John threw Tavis a scathing look, "but if we ever make love, or touch, or kiss at all, it will only be because
Easiest act of all.
John, in a wave of bravery, in a wave of recklessness, leaned into him, "Have you thought more, about not annuling the marriage after the case?"
As John was upstairs packing, he heard Sherlock talking on the phone. He came upstairs in a bounding sprint, and without a word, Sherlock passed the phone to John.
John loved him.
Sherlock felt himself flush again. He couldn't help speaking, "But we don't know each other. You don't know me!"
"Mycroft, found us a safe house. I can play being hospitalized as long as I don't leave, and you can stay with me. Until Baker Street is repaired. Will you..."
"Yea, all of a sudden, yea."
The room is quiet. Sherlock breaks the silence, "A bit not good, John."
He knew Robert was strong, and would push back against the scrutiny no matter what was written about him in the papers, but the feeling still left Mycroft feeling ill. He wanted to warn his brother away from Magnussen, to just make Magnussen disappear right now, but the plan had to follow through. Mary had to know Sherlock was fulfilling his bargain and killing Magnussen, and she was getting John.
He expected anger, a fight, defense of actions; John does not know how to react with Sherlock wailing and crying on the floor. It takes him longer than he would like to admit for him to process what Sherlock is doing, and another minute for John to believe what Sherlock is doing isn't pre-rehearsed.
Sherlock left the clothing to dry, then sat himself beside John. He felt a rushed need to explain himself, "I'm sorry I leered at you. I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry-"
Jaime clapped his hand on Gavin's arm, raising his cup of mead in a salute, "Benefit of being a Scot. The family jewels can breathe, and the lasses and laddies we love have easy access to them. Easily able to touch them."
The insurance is just coincidental as statistically they insure 90% of midwest theatres, so there is no individual link between them all. This, however, is a glitch we can't explain. Each time he is an understudy, the actor he works with is hurt, or dies, and this Magnussen takes the stage."
Mycroft writes.
"You're too far away, beautiful," John pulled Sherlock close, spooning him, resting the back of his thighs against the top of John's. They both moved against one another, John grinding up into the cleft of Sherlock's arse, Sherlock thrusting his pelvis downward as he stroked himself.
In each playbill, of each injured actor, their understudy was Charles Augustus Magnussen. Non-equity actor. At least, to begin with. Over time, his acting experience grew, and he moved from non-equity to equity.
John sits in his chair. From this angle, he can see even a larger chunk of the wallpaper under the smiley face has been turned up. He goes to the wallpaper for a closer inspection.
He stormed away, running, to another favorite quiet spot of his. He was tired of people, of gossip and of trying to impress others. He ran until his head pounded and his lungs burned. He stopped when he reached a grove of trees. He sat down in the cool grass, pulling his knees up to his chest. He wept. John would hear about how awful he was and change his mind. Sherlock had known, like a countdown clock, that John would eventually find out what Sherlock really was like and change his mind. He tried to calm his breathing, to keep the tears at bay, but the more he thought of John the harder he wept.
John calls Mycroft.
"Robert Holmes," He announces, kissing Mycroft deeply, nipping at his lips, "I'm sentimental. Traditional. I'll take your name."
"Sherlock, I'm here. I'm here," He was tethered to John's voice. He breathed again, taking another sip, starting again.
Sherlock continues to cry, but more quietly. Jesus, what had come over him. What was wrong with him. He loved this man. Why would he act this way if he loved him?
Sherlock pushed John into the mattress, but now using his hips for leverage and caging John's head in with his forearms. He stroked at John's hair with his hands, "I forgot who you were for a moment. I'm sorry."
They kiss until Mrs. Hudson, eyes red from crying, loads up with Sherlock in the car and John and Mycroft stand in the hallway; they don't dare stand outside to watch them drive away to hospital and blow cover.
"I'm not discussing anything until you tell me whether you read it or not."
"Are we ready?" John asked, staring directly at Sherlock, "Or am I interrupting your private conversations over there?" John waited. The audience gasped. Everyone turned to look over at Sherlock. Indignant, he waved in a forward sweeping motion for John to carry on. John spoke directly into the microphone, "Apparently, my story is boring to part of the audience. If I cause you to fall asleep you're welcome to find something else to do that is more exciting."
Tavis put the leather shoes on a chair, "We didn't have time to make you any wedding dress shoes, but Mycroft is lending you his. With today being such short notice and all."
John's heart aches, "Oh Sherlock, I am so sorry." He kisses his temple, his fingers in his hair, "Oh, Sherlock," John thinks of the plan for Mycroft. Today. He must make the inevitable happen today. "Sherlock, come up here, please."
Mrs. Hudson rolled her eyes and clucked at them, "You boys are absolutely scandalous, happy about running to a crime scene."
At Mycroft and John's first meeting he'd asked John, "Why would Mary have just happened to come to shoot Magnussen the night you and John were there? Why did she shoot Sherlock, and not Magnussen? Her intent was to kill him, not Magnussen. Who is she working for?"
Sherlock looked at John for a moment, blinking quickly a few times. He didn't speak, but turned on his heel and jogged the other direction. John shook his head. He didn't follow the detective, forgetting completely about the thief and the case.
"Romantic," Billy mutters, pulling his coat tighter around himself. He rubs his right arm; it did seem to ache more often when the weather turned colder.
Sherlock grips John's biceps and searches his face in a frantic, sweeping motion. "You're so much stronger than I am, John. I can't, I can't think. You're all I have. I know this is the most dangerous situation we're putting ourselves in. I'm putting you in."
Caring is not an advantage.
Sherlock laughed, then wrapped his arms around himself. The pain was sharp.
Sherlock had been up for a while, just watching John and Hamish sleep. He reached over to brush hair out of Hamish's face, and as he moved, Hamish peeked his eyes open to stare at Sherlock.
The medical examiner, John could now see the title from her badge, tilted her head and looked into John's face. Her mouth formed a silent 'o', and she sneaked out behind John, closing the door with a soft click. John moved in front of Sherlock, pulling him away from Hamish around the corner by a fridge. The young boy was still oblivious, his eyes squinting into the magnifiers. John knew his son would only respond when he was ready.
Sherlock held his breath as the clothing was placed on him. He remembered his brother winking at him at the initial betrothal ceremony, after the Lestrade clan had been formally introduced to the Holmes clan. He'd winked, whispering in his ear, "Your turn for a husband next, little brother." Though Mycroft had meant it as a jest, or to cheer his brother up, it had simply filled him with dread. Unlike Mycroft, the younger Holmes had never longed for a family or a husband. He'd longed to be left alone, to keep up with his experiments, to read and write snippets regarding the newest scientific discoveries. Marriage was not part of his plans.
By the time he'd brushed his teeth, showered, arranged his pillows, and climbed into bed, he'd gotten a message back
"Oh my god, Sherlock," John nipped and kissed at the back of Sherlock's neck, circling Sherlock's entrance with his left fingers. He focused on his breathing as his hips and legs shook, already pushing into Sherlock's flesh. John lifted Sherlock's left leg so he could watch himself enter Sherlock's body, shuddering as he grasped at Sherlock's chest, gripping his thigh with his other hand. John felt so deep inside Sherlock, surrounded by him, nearly all of their bodies pushing and pressing into one another.
Hamish looked at Sherlock, "I can deal with that," he flipped the flame torch back on with a click, and disappeared back into the laboratory.
Sherlock couldn't continue at this point. He nearly crawled into John's lap, quiet sobs shivering into John's chest. John smoothed his palm down Sherlock's neck, down his back, rocking him gently, "You can tell me, you can tell me anything, sweetheart, but you don't have to."
John moved closer to Sherlock, and put his hand on his knee, "Sherlock, I'm always your best friend. No matter what. I don't want to do anything that will upset you." Sherlock nodded, but didn't speak. John continued, "When are we scheduled to leave on this trip? Is there a lot we need to prepare for? I mean, did you still want to get married for this?"
"Keep her into trouble. Monitor. Make sure she's not where Moriarty is, or anywhere near that side of town. I'm trusting you with the network to keep an eye on things." Sherlock cocks an eyebrow, "Quit smiling. You're not getting everything when I die."
He recalls the first case, after the death of the cabbie, when Sherlock and Mycroft met in the car park and discussed Mummy. Mycroft had mentioned "You should've seen the Christmas dinners."
"John,"
Sherlock thought how to phrase what he wanted to say, "Sometimes daddies can't tell you everything. He will tell you if he can, and only if it's important for you to know. Now, you need to go ask your daddy, if we can discuss your case? Or if it's too grown up?"
Mrs. Watson nodded, "Is Sherlock your stage name, then?"
Sherlock started by leaning forward and slapping the counter three times in quick succession. The wife dropped the pot on the floor, her mouth hanging open. She just stared at him, even as he began to sign, she stared with her mouth open.
John is tempted to run, but it's dark. Running without light will cause them both to get hurt.
Another text.
John turned to Sherlock's Da, "Your stable boy is amazing, Lord Holmes. This stallion normally bucks everyone off. Nearly killed a man. I thought this young boy was going to be hurt for sure. But he rode him like a natural."
Sherlock reached over to grab John's shaking hand, "Never. Never has that thought crossed my mind. You are perfect. I read you from a look or the way you dress or the words you say. But you are not broken, or odd. You are perfect. You are my perfect match in every way."
Sherlock didn't answer, pulling John into a passionate kiss. Teeth, and tongue, and a rock of hips against one another. "Whatever you want, John. All I can find myself thinking about is a honeymoon, however. A proper, long, holiday. Just the two of us. I love our family, Mrs. Hudson and Hamish, but I am selfish, and I want some time alone with my
John laughed, grabbing his arse and bouncing him up further on his waist, "You're not more than a bird. Come with me. Let's get you cleaned up."
"Show me," John said, sitting in front of a mirror with lights. He turned his head up to Sherlock, smiling. Sherlock grabbed his stool, and moved extremely close to John, caging him in with his legs, pulling the makeup kit closer, "Ok, when you're doing makeup, the main thing is to extenuate the features. If I'm not making you up to look older-"
"I'm going to shoot him. When given the chance. No more Holmes brothers sent away. Your parents all need you home-"
Sherlock got up and sat in one of the chairs Hamish had been gesturing towards, "Your son is very bright. I tend to take his recommendations seriously."
sign back to Sherlock, and Sherlock smiled, shaking with perspiration and want. John continued riding him, finally pulling on his own cock as he felt his orgasm growing closer. He felt frustrated, wanting to tell Sherlock how close he was, how he wishes he could slow it down and drag it out, how lucky he feels to have met such an amazing force of natire. He doesn't have the vocabulary yet, so he simply looks in his eyes, squeezing his muscles, ripping his back, running his fingers up and down the beautiful man's chest. John feels his orgasm building as Sherlock climaxes inside of him, his eyes wide and fingertips digging into his hips. John pulls on his cock, covering Sherlock's chest tattoos with creamy white streaks.
He's reviewing the Mary Morstan file. In his hand is a copy of the wedding telegram:
“I was afraid that you might have trigger finger, but everything seems to be in working order,” John said, sliding the finger back in the joint.
“I’m just going to help you wash your back. It’s very messy,” Sherlock said, trying his best to look innocent.
“You’re upset that I didn’t bring you along.” Sherlock said deflecting.
“Goodnight.” John said icily exiting the room quickly.
'Mmm’ Sherlock hummed as he slowly walked towards their bathroom.
'No, what you have is a gash on your head.’ Sherlock didn’t respond. 'Are you going to tell me how you got that?’
He dragged Sherlock to the edge of the bathtub and wedged his thin frame between his legs as he sat down on the lip of the tub. Sherlock’s body fell forwards and John slung an arm around his chest and pulled Sherlock backwards. Sherlock let out an abrupt gasp and grabbed for Johns arm.
"He can't even apologize! He can't even admit he wants me to go with him. Can't even remember I like tea not coffee. He's always doing this. Treats me with no respect, like some sort of - some sort of...of sidekick! Like I'll just jolly well nod my head along and allow him to walk all over me and I'm sick of- oh goodness thank you." He stopped his tirade as Mrs. Hudson pushed a cup of tea into his hands.
His phone buzzed on his night table and he quickly opened it to read 13 missed messages. Rolling his eyes he quickly started typing as he made his way to the shower.
John stayed silent as he pulled a shirt out. Grinding his teeth, willing himself not to get into another argument.
John made his way out of the bathroom. He hesitated a moment before swinging back around the corner and narrowing his eyes, “don’t let me hear a shower running.”
‘What?” John said.
“Sir?” the cabby asked starting to look annoyed.
He had ignored Sherlock for two days. It didn’t seem to even bother Sherlock. He went about his usual, laying on the couch and tinkering in the kitchen.
“Shh, you have a fever. Go back to sleep.” John murmured pushing stray hairs back from Sherlock's forehead.
Sherlock swallowed hard. That backfired spectacularly.
“I don’t even drink coffee, you should know that by now. At least I thought you would.” John said before walking back into the flat and slamming the door.
“MY OUTBU-“ John stopped, taking a breath. “I’m not being baited by you, I’m mad enough already. Just- would you put a shirt on you shivering idiot.”
John stormed up the stairs barely missing a startled Mrs. Hudson who came out to see what all the fuss was about.
“Shush lean forward I have to clean up this mess and I don’t want blood on my jumper.” John nudged gently at Sherlock’s nape, tilting his head forward. Sherlock grunted and gritted his teeth as John started to mop at the back of his head with gauze.
"Yergoing-"
Sherlock rolled down the window and before he could say anything John tossed his phone into his lap.
“Us.” John said flatly reaching for the mug. He took a sniff, coffee. John set it back down, looking up at Sherlock just as he looked away.
Sherlock stared at him with an eyebrow cocked, he got up slowly before immediately sitting back down.
"Oh dear..." Mrs. Hudson said wringing her hands together.
“Probably won’t be interesting anyways,” he strolled into the kitchen, taking another gulp of coffee before tossing the rest in the sink. “Rarely is.”
“Hmm, thought I was a prick?” Sherlock said, tone bored and distant.
“Only you would find that interesting,” John said turning the tv back on.
The flat was otherwise silent and unmoving. Sherlock had left in a flurry of coat and scarf, shouting into his phone. He hadn’t asked John to join him. He hadn’t even looked John’s way, or shouted up the stairs for him to hurry up.
The sound of dripping in the doorway broke his train of thought. He jumped. Sherlock was standing in the doorway. Soaked to the bone. His thick curls glued to his face.
Sherlock scoffed, already halfway through unbuttoning his dress shirt, “Yes Mum.”
John paced furiously around the living room.
John stood and followed Sherlock into their dimly lit hallway. Something was wrong. His eyes roamed over Sherlock’s frame. He was wearing a deep blue button down shirt. It was soaked and clung to Sherlock’s body for dear life. John swallowed hard as his eyes travelled up towards his collar, it looked discolored.
"Absolute bell-end!" John growled.
“Tea and paracetamol.” John said placing both on Sherlock’s nightstand.
'What? NO. I just want to take a shower.'
Sherlock managed to grab John’s wrist. 'Stop it.’
"Hush,"
Sherlock blinked slowly and began to peel his coat off. His scarf was missing.
'Jesus Sherlock I almost had a heart attack.’
John squinted. 'You alright?’
He paused, raking his fingers through his hair again, wondering if it was just a dream. Had John been running his fingers so gently through his hair? He swallowed hard, his throat dry. He shook his head and stood up, there was no way it was real. Definitely a dream.
John glared and stormed away, “Prick.”
“No.” Sherlock said stiffly.
'I’m fine.’ Sherlock turned in the doorway of the washroom blocking John from following him further.
"S'too hot," he mumbled.
John rubbed his hands over his face and sighed heavily. He hated when Sherlock was right.
Six people in four days and no clues. Of course Sherlock was already looking into it. Or at least John assumed he was, since he was being left out of whatever Sherlock was running around doing. John looked down at the mug as he sat up slowly, taking note of the blanket over him that he definitely didn’t fall asleep with last night.
"Oh shut up and let me take care of you, bloody idiot."
Sherlock woke up slowly to the feeling of cool hands pressing to his forehead and carding through his sweaty hair.
John finished patching up the cut on Sherlock’s head with minimum fussing from Sherlock.
“I see you’re not over your outburst from two days ago.” Sherlock muttered.
John snapped. 'You know what. No. How about YOU stop leaving these things all over the flat. I’m sick of this.’ He waved his hand furiously in the air.
He's getting a headache trying to keep everything straight. He laughs, imagining this is why Sherlock has a mind palace; simply a mechanism to store all the data regarding these deceptions. He takes a moment to look outside the window of their flat.
However, Sherlock Holmes did not seem affected by John's attraction. John tried poetry, it was ignored as "useless drivel that must be meant for one of your girlfriends." Like Molly, he attempted coffee and hinted at dinner dates. All of it was taken as platonic and necessary refueling between cases. John even boldly attempted a date to a classical music concert. Sherlock didn't show.
John realizes he's loved Sherlock from the first crime scene, and he loves Sherlock so desperately, so achingly, he will do whatever needs to be done.
Sherlock huffs the Thursday afternoon of the first week of being 'ready.'
"You're dehydrated. Do you remember? I'm here. Mycroft brought a home nurse to help...."
She never breaks eye contact with Sherlock. Her aim is true; even at a side glance, even with Samantha's body at an awkward angle at their feet.
"Do you like him?" Tavis asked. He looked into Sherlock's face, staring into his eyes, "Has he been kind to you so far?"
"Oh Sherlock," John helped him back onto the bed, their naked skin rubbing against one another's. As Sherlock shook, John whispered into his ear, Sherlock began to relax.
Sherlock climaxed, wrapping his arms around John and burying his face into his neck. He shook, digging his fingers into John's hair, rubbing circles into his scalp. John turned, whispering into Sherlock's ear, "I am, my darling, I am. I love you."
Robert stares at him. He's not amazed, or angry, "You expected this?"
William shook their feet under the covers, "Though, Lord John Watson, I cannot tell you what to do, I am still in charge of Master Sherlock for at least eleven more days. The water will only stay hot for a while. Your mother commands you bathe. We will then bless you for healing."
Sherlock stared at the last text message until he fell asleep.
Sherlock moaned, writhing underneath him, "When you were talking with Lestrade, in the yard, I confronted him. I knew he was attracted to me...," John nipped at his skin, he inhaled, "I saw from his pulse and his pupils. I used it to get information. He tried to kiss me. To kiss me on the mouth. I've never been kissed."
It wasn't supposed to be Sherlock. He wasn't let in on all the plans, but with the yelling, and the spotlights, it wasn't supposed to be like that.
Sherlock is grinning maniacally outside his parent's home, "It's Christmas, John." They were facing their greatest enemy, their greatest foe. But they were together in the fight. Weaponry was just John's gun, but Sherlock assured him, without detail, that there would be backup involved.
They thrust into one another, not speaking, just moaning. Sherlock cried out "John!" when he came, spilling himself all over John's back, dripping all over his crack. John rolled over, and in a filthy display, used Sherlock's come as lubricant to finish himself with his hand and two fingers buried in his arse. Sherlock had never seen anything so hot in his life.
Mycroft mutters (Yells? Pleads?) at John but he ignores him. He marches off the plane, walks a half mile (miles?) down the runway and down a grassy ramp to a hidden path with a few trees at the far end of the runway. John is thirsty, and tired, so he just lays down in the grass, in the shade. The sky was turning pink, fading into evening.
John stopped squirming, and allowed Sherlock to unwrap the wet kilt. He did his best to keep his eyes on John's face, but he was curious. He pulled the wet fabric down, taking a moment to look at his hips, his pubic bones, his thatch of hair. His intention was to pull off the kilt and immediately cover him with the plaid to preserve his modesty, but when John Watson was lying on the ground naked, completely open, Sherlock was distracted. The very area that was palest was the most beautiful. His cock was different from his, thicker, and his bollocks hung lower. He spread his legs slightly, and Sherlock saw glistening liquid come from the mushroom shaped tip. He couldn't recall if his looked like that, and he had a nervous thought of lifting up his own kilt to compare.
Sherlock's Da chastised him, "Sherlock, you can at least hold his hand. You'll be doing more than that soon enough."
John didn't answer. He thought of the letters he'd written Sherlock, and if the brilliant man had found them yet, "We are apart now, Mycroft?"
John woke with a start. The sky was just turning purple with the sun rising and the night fading. For a moment, he was unsure where he was. He thought, with the heavy scent of lavender, that he was in the north spring fields tending to his sheep and had fallen asleep. He willed his breathing to slow, placing his hand over his chest. His heart raced.
Mycroft sets the casserole down on the counter, turning to face Sherlock, "Sherlock, please-"
They were perspiring, sweat was rolling from John's nose and fell on Sherlock. John smiles, then kisses Sherlock again. Their movements, their pushes, touches, moaning of each other's names became more desperate. John feels himself move closer and closer to release as Sherlock tightens around him. John's cock shifts at Sherlock's shuddering; spilling onto their stomachs. John came, grabbing and crying Sherlock's name, nipping at his neck as Sherlock dug his nails into John's back.
Sherlock slows the pace as much as he can, but it's turned into a wrestling match. The more Sherlock pulls back for slower thrusts the harder John pushes with his legs. Sherlock relents, matching John's rhythm. As Sherlock breathes heavily, moaning John's name, John reaches back to grab the headboard for leverage. As Sherlock adjusts his hips, stroking John on each withdrawal, John wills himself to breathe out of his nose and mouth.
Mrs. Hudson beamed, "Well, get ready. I will stall them. Old lady in a robe never scandalized anyone."
The doctor ran into the room, skidding to a stop beside the bed, "Oh, Sherlock," pushing his hair back, "I should've woken you sooner to stretch your back. I'm sorry." John, without warning, moved one arm on top of Sherlock's knees and one pressed on his breastbone, "Sherlock, this is going to hurt like hell-"
John underestimated the pain of stairs.
your daddy. Unless you tell him or let him in on what you're doing. Being smart and clever is wonderful for a job but terrible if you want to keep friends and family."
Sherlock pulls John to him, their bodies flush against one another. John stops laughing. The kisses become more passionate, more heated, grasping with tongues. John moves his fingers against Sherlock's ribcage, his stomach, his hipbones, and pulls them flush; he grabs at both their erections in between them. They grind and rub against one another, there is not enough time for anything else, and they climax with moans into each other's mouths.
John pushed himself up on one elbow, "So, you two figured this out in one night?"
"Boyfriend, no," Mycroft smiles, a little sleepy; pain from the shot, "My husband, Robert Holmes."
John pushed up, nearly kissing him, "Tha gaol agam ort. You are my betrothed. We are to be married."
Just as the Bond Air case, where everything had been dancing around them. All of the little cases he didn't want to take had clicked. Adding to one big case.
"He'll love it," Sherlock grinned, moving his hand to stroke John's hair, "I was terrified for Mr. Hudson. I was afraid you were going to kill him."
He takes a moment and lays down on the grass to look up at the sky. It's mid morning. The grass has covered him on all sides, and the breeze is beautiful and light. John looks up and watches the clouds in the midday sun. Is that cloud a horse? Is that a duck? Is that a sprawled out dead body, floating in the sky? John thinks how he's relaxed and looked at the sky more these past two nights than he has in years.
"It's so good to be home."
Mycroft gives John a long look. John looks for a silent sign. Did Mycroft lie to him? Did he know this entire time Sherlock and Moriarty would meet here? Their plan was to neutralize Moriarty once and for all, now that they knew Mary had been working for him.
Mycroft looks at him, but Robert doesn't make eye contact.
"Mr. Detective are you alright?"
John realizes the morbidity of it; the countdown to joy, and the countdown to the end of a life. As the sky slowly turns from dark blue, to light blue, to pink, John remembers something Mary said to them, all those months ago. During their thunderous discussion of her past (present) as an assassin.
"I can't lose you. I can't lose you, again," John buries his head into Sherlock's neck, lips nearly touching his ear.
"I'm seeing her again.."
"I was terrified I was going to be witness to your murder that night," John was now rubbing gentler circles on his back, and he scooted further away so they could look at each other, "That man was insane with how fast he was crawling up you. I hadn't seen that type of surgical blade before."
John leaned down just slightly, near Sherlock's ear, and asked quietly, "You ok?"
In the soft glow of the lamp, Sherlock turned over and looked at John. He was beautiful. His hair, his eyes, his chest, the golden hair that trailed from his stomach down to his pelvis where his cock stood at attention. Sherlock's mouth was dry, "Why, why are you here with me? You are so gorgeous, John."
"Have I told you," John kisses his nose, his cheeks, his neck, "that the sociopath diagnosis is absolute rubbish. It's a lie. I will tell you that for the rest of our lives until you believe me. You love more deeply," He puts his hand under Sherlock's shirt, rubbing the fading chest wound, "than anyone I've ever known. You love with the fiercest passion. You care to your core, with a defensiveness  and protectiveness I've only seen in the bravest of my fellow soldiers. To think I missed that, at first. The most caring heart as well as the sharpest mind. It is worth all my wounds that I am here with you," He kisses a tear rolling down his chin, "and soon I will be unbound and we can become husbands. You are the love of my life, and why you chose me is my greatest joy but a mystery to me."
"Daddy, I'm just telling you what I
Before Sherlock could ask any questions, the man pulled away his plaid cloak and let it slip off of his shoulders. He was completely bare chested. He took a moment to wrap the tartan fittings around his shoulder in a few quick tugs and a tuck into his kilt.
Sherlock felt goose pimples as John lowered the quilt to peek at William, "Leave it please, I will bathe him," When William hesitated, John responded, "In all eyes we are betrothed and as good as married. Let me care for him this way."
He wondered why Hamish had John's phone. The conclusions he came to were ones he packed away to deal with at another time. For now, he needed to unwind his trail of thoughts regarding the case, as Greg would no doubt need additional information for his write up. He placed the information into his mental file cabinets, ordering them, remembering, placing them to be retrieved again.
"Er, when you flew back..."
It still hurt like hell to watch. This was no junkie on a binge. This had been a man coming absolutely unhinged, his mind and heart rattling along off the tracks.
Title of this chapter is from the ending speech of
Julie nodded, but bit her lip, "But Sherlock specifically said that he didn't want you to see him. I guess for tradition's sake, that old wive's tale, not seeing each other before the wedding-"
John doesn't stop laughing until they pull up to Sherlock's door.
they don't know how dangerous my work is."
She's wise and she's wanted
"I'm sorry," Sherlock withdraws his fingers from John's hair.
John couldn't help smiling thinking of the future, of a possibility of being in Sherlock's world for the long term. He took the phone from Sherlock and put it on the bedside table, crawling up on his lap. He circled his legs around his back, Sherlock falling back onto the bed. He kissed the man, grinning, using tongue and teeth and moaning into his mouth. Sherlock was silent, except for wet sounds of saliva and puffs of air as he felt their desire grow. John pulled back, taking the lubricant, showing Sherlock as he moved his fingers to his own entrance to stretch. He didn't know how Sherlock wanted to have sex but he felt the tip of his cock pushing the cleft of his arse and he wanted him inside him. Sherlock moaned as he watched John curl back, impaled on his own fingers, their cocks lined up and bumping into one another. Sherlock tapped John's face and Sherlock made a sign, his entire right hand pinched in against his chin and then pulled out a way from his face like an opening flower. John shook his head, unsure, and Sherlock mouthed
Magnussen, this time, was pulled to the ground by John before he could flick Sherlock in the face. John punched him, over and over and over. He was held down, yelled at, crying, but Sherlock was safe. He hurt. He wanted to die. But Sherlock was safe.
John heard Sherlock sigh, "John," exasperated. John was being a mere mortal, a human moving at a glacial pace, "You were having sex so enthusiastically you banged the door off kilter. I checked on you a little later, afraid maybe you'd had a stroke or concussion from that much activity."
He's not a praying man.
Sherlock nodded. He was flushed, wishing the conversation was over, "William gave me some."
John sits, nothing left to do as far as his weaponry or his fatigues are concerned.
The man answers, "Sherlock Holmes slíbil, že nás zabije, jestli se někdy dotkla John Watson . zabít nás všechny ."
Sherlock sat beside him, watching John shiver in his wet clothing.
"John," Sherlock strokes his cheek, "Yes. They're yours. Before you left... I... Took a couple things. I thought you might not miss."
-----
William, plaids for drying over his arms, came in with hot water and a tray full of bathing soaps and herbs. Sherlock, mid- kiss, flushed a brilliant shade of red, looked at William over his shoulder. John pulled the comforters over them and they hid underneath, giggling like children.
After lunch, Robert walks Mycroft back to his office; he borrows Mycroft's phone to put his contact information in it.
After two hours of painting and patching the wall, he hadn't heard much from Sherlock and Hamish. John had determined immediately that he'd be responsible for both of his boys in making sure they were fed and taken care of. He was resigned that he would need to interrupt their work in the lab frequently to remind them to eat and sleep. He knocked on the door of Hamish's bedroom and lab. There was no answer. He knocked again. Nothing. John opened the door and found the room empty except for paperwork strewn across the floor. Anything graphic was strategically covered with post it notes, but the large color photographs were clearly from a murder scene, and at first glance some type of murder suicide. John huffed in a breath and crossed his arms when he noticed yellow pads covered in both Hamish's detailed print and Sherlock's scrawl.
Sherlock moves his hips close and their erections touch as he settles over him. With slicked fingers, Sherlock enters John, and fully lays on top of him so they can kiss and rub against each other while Sherlock opens him.
"Yes, I play violin. I compose my own songs, especially when I'm on a difficult case."
John stops speaking.
"Fine by me. Ok if I climb in?" John flashes them a smile. They nod in agreement. John hops in the backseat, laying down, so he can look up at the stars as they drive.
"Let me, my dearest. Let me clean us up a bit," John said, getting up quickly to grab an old plaid in one of his drawers. "The water will be cold,
"You're
Mycroft rubs his palms across his eyes. He's tired. Only awake for maybe an hour; he's as tired as he was the days leading up to Lazarus.
Sherlock shivered, then opened his eyes. His voice was raw from screaming, "I never knew it could feel like that. It was more amazing than anything I ever imagined. My whole body aches, but I feel as if I may be glowing."
"Sherlock," John whispered, taking the shower gel and lathering up Sherlock's body as well as he could, "We're ok. I love you. I don't want you worrying yourself sick about this anymore." John squeezed him, smiling, rubbing his hands over his arse. Sherlock helped wash himself, and did give John a small smile as John gestured for him to bend down so he could help was Sherlock's hair, "You are never allowed to cut your hair, Sherlock, it is absolutely gorgeous." Sherlock giggled, a sound John had only heard a few times.
As Billy watches him from his kitchen perch, John moves in front of the mantle and looks at photos. He expects to see photos of Mycroft and Sherlock with their parents.
John mutters and goes into the bathroom. Sherlock looks back at Mycroft, whose face is scrunched and eyes slightly watery. Mycroft lets out a breath he was holding. They watch each other, silently, for a few moments; evaluating one another.
Daemon peeked up from John's laptop. He looked at Sherlock, who nodded.
John looked into Sherlock's eyes, smiling. His eyes were wet, his cheeks crinkled up into a wide grin, "Please, my love. Let me see you. We are joined. I can feel you tightening around me. Come for me, darling. My love. My husband."
"You're innocent and young, Sherlock. I wanted someone who is a bit older, but who would be kind and patient with you. I found a man, a lovely man, who was slightly injured in his shoulder. He's quite handsome, and longs for a companion. He could offer you a substantially richer lifestyle and land and houses for our clan."
John looked up at Sherlock, hoping Sherlock could deduce the love and desire on his face, "I can say the same of you."
Mycroft begins calculations in his head. Red eyes, shaking fingers, office door closed all day, music playing so he can't hear outside gossip.
John rubbed the back of his own neck, another physical tic when he was nervous "It kind of feels like we are already married, escaping away, doesn't it? Leaving from the same house?"
John gave Sherlock a look and Sherlock just smiled back. John recalled the first weeks of knowing Sherlock, and he didn't remember Sherlock smiling nearly this much. He knew that during that time he'd been nursing broken ribs, but he liked to think his happier demeanor had something to do with John and Hamish. He was no longer alone, but he had others who shared in their adventures.
He put the Forsythia and the Flowering Currant in the jar with the roses and they all fit perfectly. It was a wedding decoration that Sherlock could easily carry. With the notes all tucked in his kilt, he took a moment to examine the long rock tied to the jar.  It was delicately painted, one side was the green, red, yellow squares and slim stripes of the Watson tartan pattern, the other side was the deep blue and pin striped black of the Holmes. It was so beautiful he hated to put all the flowers down, but with the sounds of laughing and merryment in the distance urging him on, he longed to reach his final destination.
His memories rushed back, but in no particular order. He recalled Laoch, his brother and Gregory Lestrade's wedding, being alone with an old man, his cousins. He recalled the bonfire, the horse ride, the fall. Bits and pieces of hours, or days, lying in bed came back to him.
Though, to his credit, Billy was observant  enough to know Sherlock was itching for any frail excuse to get high, or hurt himself. He helped ease Sherlock's pain by keeping up appearances on the case.
"John," Sherlock sounds surprised, "So you're not upset at this? I just never-"
"Ready?" Mycroft clicks. They go upstairs, change into army fatigues and weaponry all brought courtesy of Queen and Country. John is resolved and is slipping back into familiar skin, but is surprised with how easy Mycroft looks and acts as commander.
only visit
"Sherlock," John huffed in-between kisses, "Sherlock, please….do you…" John took Sherlock's face between his hands, "I care for you, and about you, very, very much. I don't want this to be flippant, or to move too fast."
"John..."
She turned on the light, Sherlock squinted, trying to push back down under the covers.
She nodded, "Yes, my love. And I'm sorry. The agreement is for you to travel to his estate and have a two week engagement period before the marriage."
Hamish smiled, unconsciously pulling at Sherlock's coat that was draped over the seat, "So you're unattatched, like me. A loner."
Sherlock stared at John, tossing his hair out of his eyes, "That doesn't make any sense."
"I know this is difficult," she began, taking turns looking each of them in the eye, as she made notes in a small spiral notebook, "One of your coworkers was seriously injured, and his condition is touch and go. I just need to make an initial investigation while it's still fresh. Then you can go home."
"I just worry. I just want to be sure. She's manipulative."
Sherlock stares at his plate as he talks, "It will, it's close quarters on a ship. My theory is it might be someone on the ship, as the letters aren't mailed, but left to be found in strange places on the boat. Someone is breaking in, which is highly unlikely, or there is an inside person. If we're there for our, um, marriage and honeymoon, and not just there as ourselves, the crew and guests may be more willing to open up to us."
"You are used to danger, and waking quickly. You're a farmer, and you've had to fight off enemies, thieves and wolves in the blink of an eye. You rarely wake leisurely. The last time you slept in a bed with me for any length of time I was gravely ill, and you slept lightly and fitfully, worried about my health. Your body is still running on that muscle memory. You awoke, and did not turn to draw me close, but rather sucked in air and looked wide eyed at the ceiling. I know you, my husband."
"Come, John," Sherlock stated, opening the door and gesturing for John to come with him. Without question, John followed Sherlock up the dock and into the city. A few blocks from the seaside was a specialty jeweler that was keeping their shop open into the evening hours.
"Why the fear, Mycroft?"
Sherlock tilted his head back, allowing John to kiss his collarbone. Sherlock was silent, his eyes wide, watching John's fingers dance over his skin. John pushed the fabric up so it fanned out from behind Sherlock, leaving most of his legs exposed. His one hip and trail of pubic hair was visible to John. He felt himself moan.
John sat himself on the floor, looking up at Sherlock's face, "Sherlock, what did I do, tell me…"
John spent the evening in the bar, drinking whiskey. The captain's assistant came up to him, and sat too close to him. He did his best to move his bar stool away from her before he realized the stool was bolted to the floor.
John waited, chest puffing out after seeing the upturn of a bit of a smile in the corner of Sherlock's mouth, and DI Dimmock shrink just a bit. There was an awkward silence that was broken by a wail.
Sherlock debated for hours whether or not to listen to John's voicemail. He did finally listen to it, about 11:30pm, but it was staticky and garbled and mentioned
He went to make himself some tea.
Sherlock noticed it when she switched hands and put her purse down. The pulling on the shirt sleeves. Adjusting. Hiding. Extra layers.
He almost laughed, if it wasn't so serious. He remembered the same feeling when he was dying in Afghanistan. No deep thoughts, just a wave of random thoughts hitting his brain at breakneck speed. He heard a violin, saw his mother's face, retraced the pattern of the wallpaper in 221b in his mind's eye, smelled the leaves in the park outside their flat.
John leaned over, licking a stripe up Sherlock's neck, sucking a bruise onto the side of it. Sherlock sucked in breath. John felt him drop the dildo and it fell out of his arse with a soft
John felt a wave of desire and hunger when Sherlock's fingers ran up the back of his neck into John's damp hair. John titled his head up, and nuzzled his mouth into the side of Sherlock's neck and jaw. Sherlock moaned, tilting his jaw up. John kissed upwards until he reached his mouth. Before they kissed, John searched Sherlock's face. He waited so long that Sherlock took the initiative to pull him forward and place their lips together.
