And what about Cas? It says in the script — the angel’s alive and well in heaven. So he’s just not going to save Dean after sacrificing so much to keep him alive?
Sam drinks and quickly moves on, though. Not one to give up easily. “Never have I ever given up an army for one man.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, glancing at Cas. Did they put that makeup crap on him? He looks… different. Why’s it all orange?
He straightens his back and gets a virgin piece of paper ready, avoiding the man onstage at all costs.
Why not fix Destiel too, while he’s at it? He can’t leave it to these dumbasses and their profoundly
“I mean, they don’t mention Claire or Kaia or Jo or… Anyway, that’s not even the worst part. So they defeat Chuck, right. And then, like six months later, Dean dies on a hunt.”
Dean points a finger in his face. “You better start talking. Are any members of the parish against your
Cas and Claire are standing in the hallway with their coats on, just about to leave, and the doorbell rings. Cas thinks for a second it’s John and if so - he’s pretty sure he’s going to kick his ass, not even caring about showing Dean his angel-level strength.
Cas crosses his arms over the chair’s backside, and rests his head on them, slightly tilting towards Dean.
Jensen stares at angel of the freaking lord Cas, whose face is pinched with some sort of... What is it? Without a script it’s harder to interpret. Hurt?
Cas sighed. His intuition had been right - he shouldn’t have killed the bassist. “For god’s sake. This is heaven — you can choose your form here. Move back into that young man’s body if you want.”
He skims over all the horrible rhymes. Aha! He spots the answer that’s obviously meant to lead to some sort of gay Dean result or something.
He glances up, and sees a myriad of emotions crossing over Cas’ face. Dean feels his throat constrict.
The first time it happens, Sam is reading a book on the history of American Sign Language in the war room.
Dean bites his bottom lip. “I’m sorry, Cas,” he says quietly, and it’s almost as if he’s not even talking about a shoulder anymore.
Sam is battling a strong wind coming from the core of the bowl, where now flames have started dancing around each other. He is chanting in a lost language, while Jack is scarcely holding the barn doors closed to not allow other dark forces in, drawn by the devilish chant like rats to the sound of a flute.
Cas deserves a cuddle. So Dean scoots a little closer, until their hands almost touch on their adjacent pillows. He can’t physically bring himself to look up. Instead, he keeps his eyes fixed on Cas’ chest, his very nice, actually - umm, okay, so maybe best not to focus on that chest? The mattress, then. He brings his glance there. Ok, yes. Safe.
This is all for research purposes of course, he reminds himself. In a ‘know your enemy’ kind of way. And damn it if some of those writers don’t write a pretty convincing Cas. Those are the weirdest to read. It’s like… Like getting undressed for real.
“Cas…” Dean breathes, and Cas lunges forward, takes his dick in hand and swipes the head against Dean, smearing precum all over his hole.
Right. Okay. Dean’s gotta be honest with himself here: it’s time for the Return of the Dick. Cas wasn’t afraid to show off his full bod earlier, and why should Dean? This is all natural, after all.
Cas slips his drawing mysteriously to the underside of the stack of paper, and looks at Dean expectantly.
. It takes him a few seconds to adjust. To have his body still feel like something in the middle of pure nothing.
Dean looks around helplessly. This is the first time he’s been in this room since it was permanently assigned to Cas, and he notices how empty it still is.
Maybe this is the perfect segue to bring up all that fanfiction. Cas should know about this, after all, it’s his body too that’s being described in wonderf… disgusting prose.
real world — Dean can’t be bisexual because of market research, or Walker ratings or whatever, but this is Dean’s actual life. He doesn’t need a network stamp of approval. He’s nobody’s red-blooded American hetero hero.
No friggin’ way. Dean’s not homophobic, and obviously, neither is this Jensen guy, they’re both gay or bisexual or whatever on this tv show, dammit! Which is a-okay with Dean. In fact, he’s pretty sure Sammy went through a phase in college, that was totally fine too. The Winchester brothers are as accepting as they come.
Dean slips out of bed to the bathroom. He needs to splash some water in his face, damn it. Calm himself down before he embarrasses himself. Maybe reading all that fic has messed him up in the head after all. He shouldn’t be getting any ideas, because those are fiction, and this is real. Real Cas doesn’t need an unhinged friend like this, who’s constantly imagining a whole bunch of sex positions. Sex positions involving the two of them.
That whole reunion had been… a little awkward, really. Sam had hugged Cas tightly, thrilled to see his friend safe. But behind him, Dean had just quietly stared at Cas.
Cas pauses, and seems to gather all his strength before continuing, a faint crack in his voice. “Of course you couldn’t ever hate me. But you couldn’t ever love me either.”
A pretty neat perk of this case is, he’s not all that far away from Rexford, where he worked that Rit Zien case recently. So after this is all wrapped up, he could go by that Gas-n-sip where Cas works. Check in on the dude, and all. Grab a drink even, without the cloud of a case hanging over them.
The point is, Cas should have called him if he thought something demonic or witchy was going on, instead of so carelessly posing as bait. Literally.
He looks at Cas, who’s already maneuvered out of his trench coat and oh god, his chest is getting makeup on it?!
Cas buries his head into Dean’s neck, lips almost touching his shoulder, but not quite. The angel grinds hard upwards now, letting himself awkwardly slip once more along Dean, not quite but almost in between his-
When he pulls halfway back, there’s a small smile on Cas’s face. A shard of happiness, and Dean can’t help but mirror it. Cas closes his eyes and kisses him.
homophobic is about the last thing Dean would want for this timeline. It’s almost as if his own reputation is on the line. Like Jensen is his vessel or something.
He perfects his origami skills with the napkins. He tries to make an instrument out of straws. He counts peppercorn.
When Jensen wakes up a few hours later, it’s to a new Kripke email. Still half asleep, he thumbs it open.
When Claire suggests they have dinner together, he’s so happy to have a distraction from his never ending thoughts about Dean that it overpowers his instincts.
Oh God, now what. Unnerved, he plants a quick kiss on Cas’ back, carefully pulls himself out and rolls over to his side of the bed, squeezing his eyes shut as the reality of it all sinks in.
Dean dares a quick glance at Cas. The former angel is just busy sketching, with great concentration, tongue firmly planted between his lips.
He fucks into Cas like a hammer. Fuck. Fuckkk. He moves his right hand into Cas’ hair, then to the front of Cas’ head, along his cheeks, like a blind man finding his way home. He grazes Cas’ lips, and almost as a reflex Cas opens his mouth.
Dean slips behind the wheel. Cas is staring into space, still wearing that white shirt he wore to work, but looking a lot more broken in nocturnal shadows than in the daylight.
Dean bets that reaper never even told him how handsome he was. His heart breaks a little at that thought.
Maybe it’s only really gay if there’s feelings involved. Like in all those stories about them, there’s often
He tried to stop crying, eyes pressed tightly shut. He felt Dean hunker down in front of him, warm hands seeking balance on Cas’s knees. On his
He’d promised Cas this flick would be a little more angel-human family friendly than Life of Brian. Some Jesus-type dude happily whistling and singing on the cross was perhaps a small miscalculation on Dean’s part. But what’s not to like about The Holy Grail, with its Killer Rabbit, repressed peasants and Knights Who Say Ni?
When Dean steps closer, Cas blinks at him in surprise. But he allows himself to be pulled into Dean’s arms, and Dean hugs him tighter than he ever has. Like he’s trying to make an imprint on his body.
Dean shrugs and starts the car. They drive in absolute silence. It isn’t until they’re nearly there, that the truth dawns on Dean. It’s nighttime, but Cas is going back to the Gas-N-Sip.
His voice definitely doesn’t sound higher or anything. His heart isn’t hammering twice as fast, either.
ON CASS. Frozen in place. Eyes wide. He can’t believe the words he’s hearing. Is it really happening?
But Cas pays his protest no mind. He holds Dean’s forearm with one hand, clamping down on it like a prison chain. With his other hand, he unwraps the towel slowly.
Soon, there’s salad and lasagna and wine and too many uncomfortable silences where there should’ve been laughter.
Not that there’s a lot of other, um, small things. Cas is of course not aroused by the situation of a class of religious grandpas and his best friend gazing upon his Adam’s costume. But Dean has eyes. He couldn’t
But before he can process that little comment, pastor Richard introduces the m… the model… he introduces Cas.
With each hump, Dean wishes more fervently that Cas would just rip his underwear off. So he could feel him — really feel him.
Until, jarringly, Cas puts a warm, sleepy hand on his wrist. Slowly, Cas drags his thumb over Dean's skin, grounding him.
After two hours of unadulterated jollies, suddenly someone sets a tall glass of beer in front of him. He looks up - it’s.
He’s crammed against the far wall of the motel bathroom. Cas is still in bed. Dean’s knuckles are white from gripping his cellphone so hard.
There're so many questions pressing against the inside of his skull, like they’re banging on the doors of hell. Dean tries so, so hard to keep it sealed.
“With all the angels and demons running around, do you think that was in any way pleasant? Billie chose to die in peace, and stay dead in peace. The price Cas paid however was... extensive.”
He reads through the answers. Now he’s certain of it. Whoever made this, is insane. Dean coded? Cas girl? Cas Coded Dean Girl? What does that even mean??
No, Cas has never expressed any ill feelings toward the queer community. And didn’t he kill a bigoted pastor once?
And anyway, with Ezekiel hitchhiking along in the Sam-mobile, Dean wouldn’t have been able to take a little detour back to Rexford to check on Cas. And bring him the couple of old shirts he’d stuffed into a duffel bag before leaving.
Cas decided to gag Kansas just to be safe. His angel ears picked up the conversation outside perfectly. Bobby was explaining that Jack rebuilt heaven so everyone could visit everyone now.
It zaps them back instantly, but prematurely, plopping them. Right into their actual bodies and their proper universe.
Harsher and harsher lines appear on the paper, and Dean can see Barb frowning at him out of the corner of his eye. He tries to calm down his breathing. Who knows, she might be a creature, a thing, and he shouldn’t tip her off on something being off about her new BFF Iggy.
Curiously, Dean flips a few pages back. It seems like this show follows their lives pretty closely (except for the romance part, his life is
“And then you come here, and pretend to be all noble, because…” Cas glances past Dean, and pain flashes across his features. “Because Jack is here? Is this all a charade for Jack?”
Dean takes one more look at Cas — just to check if he’s still safely asleep and not perceiving whatever’s happening on this cursed phone screen — and presses the ‘Start quiz’ button.
He looks up. Cas’ fingers are twitching, but his face remains a slab of marble. Fucking angelic statuette. Unmovable.
With a soft smack, Cas releases his finger. A small, careful smile threatens to break loose. Cas brings his head closer, their noses brushing. Dean is frozen in place. His fingertips are still tethered to Cas’ hand like a plant’s roots seeking nutrition from the soil of Cas’ skin.
It’s day after day of hangovers. But he never takes an aspirin. He feels like he deserves the pain. And every day he prays for Chuck to come and finish him off. He is here, isn’t he? A sitting duck?
Gross. How dare they even put Crowley and him in one sentence? Though they are right about one thing — they couldn’t be more different, Crowley and Dean.
He’s gonna regret this worse than the night he clicked on a link in the author’s notes and it took him to - what was that horrible site called - right, Tumblr.
Dean scoffs. ‘Different light’ ain’t wrong. There’s damn questionable lighting, actually, on this set.
? He slowly removes his fingers, feeling almost dizzy with want as Cas whines with the sudden loss of fullness. Dean needs to stop himself from plunging straight in there and fucking into Cas like some kind of animal.
“Excuse me, Richard?” It’s a woman in her sixties with glasses about as thick as Dean’s thumb. “There’s a problem with the snack table.”
What went seriously  wrong in their lives that they bought a… they bought a. Dean briefly closes his eyes, taking a very measured breath.
Shit. That means demons are real, here, too, then. And heaven and hell. And Lucifer. Fear grips Jensen’s otherwise so brave heart. What about all of this is real? Freaking everything!
The third one’s just a large bag of salt. Jensen curses Nesnej. He for sure still has salt left in the little kitchen here.
“I’ll give you one chance,” the Shadow says, sounding slightly bored already. “Before I come for you. You have fifteen minutes.”
“Um. Well, that’s beside the point but — the quiz, Sam sent it to me, and it’s supposed to be showing how much we… I mean, the characters of the book repress their sexuality.”
Cas breaks eye contact, and Dean notices his other hand is still firmly gripping the pencil, now resting on Dean’s leg. The way Cas’ fingers cling to the pencil like a life preserver in the middle of an ocean storm is the only thing even hinting at nerves on Cas’ part.
Cas slightly opens his mouth, now holding onto Dean’s elbows more strongly. He presses into Dean as if he wants to forever leave a mark.
She snaps her fingers and suddenly Dean and Jack are alone again. They’re in another part of the Empty.
“My name is Jensen Ackles and I’m an actor,” Jensen says, perfectly aware how ridiculous he sounds and how close he is to getting de-souled by an actual wrathful angel for impersonating the man he loves, and giving him a fake love confession to boot.
The last Dean and Sam they met were a bit off to the left, that’s all. Sam’s man bun wasn’t even the worst part.
It’s like those kids toys where you have to put the triangle into the triangle shaped hole. The shape is just
Now that his guilt’s been somewhat assuaged by Cas’ blanket reassurances, Dean is back to the whole… nudity thing. He’s seen Cas naked — though, to be fair, who knows how many people have seen the dude naked by now? In a 25 mile perimeter?
“Come on, Dorothy. When do we get to click our heels back to Kansas?” Dean asks, deciding he’s really had enough of all this.
As he’s lying there flat on his back, chasing his own breathing, he can’t shut out the barrage of thoughts, the onslaught of feelings any longer. What was that? What
Cas’s face almost crumpled again right there, those words hitting him like a pebble rippling a lake. But he willed himself to keep his composure. He already knew this, after all. Dean didn’t… wasn’t… They were
When the alarm goes off, Dean feels a twinge of disappointment in his drawing. He couldn’t quite get Cas right.
“Dean, wake up! Cas sacrificing his life while telling you he loves you, is a sign! Cas always leaving his room an hour before you usually wake up just to turn up the heating? A sign!”
But Cas continues, thoughtfully. “I always wondered about ‘I need you’… When I nearly killed you under the influence of heaven, that is what you said. Not
Sam and Dean hadn’t changed one bit. This was how he remembered them. The form of Dean. He knew it by heart, and yet, now moving from the doorway towards them, it revealed itself in altogether new ways. A freckle he hadn’t noticed before. The way his eyes sparkled, despite the roadhouse’s lighting.
“Nora invited me over,” Cas recounts, voice monotone. “She said it was hard to find decent men as a single mother.”
No more words come out, like the name is the only one remaining, now, in all the shreds of words burrowed in his brain.
He decides not to think on that one too hard and skims over the rest. What the hell is fifth base anyway?
That needs to be rectified. Dean’s made all of his former girlfriends come each time, he’s not about to break that streak. That would be homophobic!
“In fact, if you want to try some of this fanfic lore, we can.” There is a small pause in which Dean probably suffers a small stroke. “Cuddle.”
The director’s skin starts sizzling, his eyes bulging, his fingers cracking, whole body twisting harder than in a Roald Dahl novel.
He’s jerked out of his thoughts abruptly by the sound of the bathroom door opening. It’s Cas, wearing nothing but black briefs.
“When he arrived, the place was buzzing. You’d woken up everyone, Jack. But somehow Cas convinced Billie to silence everyone again, to kill them once over — to put them to sleep.”
Dean exits the studio, script still in hand. It’s been a few years, sure, but it doesn’t take him long to locate Jensen Ackles’s trailer by spotting that dumb fish tank in the window. Wow! It’s even bigger than last time! And parked in a little fake garden too! Awesome, this trailer’s friggin’ huge! Next to it, there’s a tiny tent. Dean squints, making out the words ‘Misha Collins’ on it.
He clicks on the top link, a collection of Castiel / Dean works on a website called Archive of our Own. Of whom? Whose throat can he go rip out?
Cas stares at him, seems to mull over that information. Then, he slowly turns his head away. He closes his hands and buries them in his pockets.
It’s not like Dean is trying to hurt Cas’s feelings. Not every day you get yeeted into your best friend’s mouth as a fun surprise. Also, a guy could get a little warning. Had Dean known they’d land here he would’ve at least eaten some mints.
“I’m going to ask a few questions about the Destiel scene. Please look at me when you answer, not the camera, and fully respond to the question, repeating it in your answer.”
He steps back from the wall. It’s a bit eerie, actually, since all these women disappeared recently. Like finding nude pics at an estate sale. Is it ethical to uh, see dead people naked?
Soon, Cas turns and latches onto him in an awkward hug - awkward not because they just had sex, oh no, but because Dean’s head is pressed against Cas’ still naked chest. Cas’ arms wrap around him and hold on tight. And somewhere above his navel, Dean feels a pressing urgency.
From the passenger side, that is, because according to Sam he “seems a bit drunk off that banana rum pie”.
Jack stares at Chuck, but Dean can’t — he just can’t look at the kid. He can only imagine the heartbreak on his face right now.
Sam shifts uncomfortably in his chair. Neither Cas nor Dean is looking at the other, they’re just both frowning at their hands, completely still as if they’re posing for a painting.
Was it even a homosexual declaration of love? Dean is not so sure anymore. Cas is an angel after all, who knows how he feels things? If he even wants Dean -
He shakes with it, cheek pressed against the fabric, feeling a bit of cum hitting his chin, and not caring  one single fucking iota.
“Right, Cas should also only do shots, since angels need more alcohol to really become drunk. Liquor store level, remember Cas? But you stick to sips from now on, Dean,” Sam scolds him.
He keeps remembering Cas’ tear as it slid down his face, even though he’d stubbornly, bravely been holding it in.
“Is Steve really gone, too? I thought it was just a coincidence, I swear,” the guy adds. “I didn’t think anyone was actually targeting us!”
“Demon’s blood, wolf’s bane, a whale’s grinded bone dust and a sample of Edinburgh’s sewer water. I have collected everything needed for the spell, Sam,” Jack says proudly, spreading out the ingredients on the table in the bunker. “Well, everything except…”
Makes sense, now that Cas is fully human and locked into his vessel, like a sword stuck in its sheath, that he would have to protect himself like this.
With a jolt Dean is reminded of the day Cas took him to torture Alastair. When Cas told him the angels had started to question his loyalty. Because he was starting to get… feelings. A doorway to doubt.
That’s it. Dean stands up abruptly, the chair’s legs scrape against the floor. He points an angry finger at Kevin.
Cas seems unimpressed. “Why are you so obsessed with sexuality, Dean? I am utterly indifferent to it.”
It takes all Dean’s strength not to move his hips, thrust into the hint of a touch. After all, right behind that eraser is the feel of Cas’ fingertip, the small ridges of his skin. So close, but so out of Dean’s reach.
As if there’s something he’s always held close, always forgotten as long as he didn’t have to look at it.
, and suddenly everything makes sense. Every tug on his heart whenever he saw Cas. Every hug that made him feel new kinds of warmth.
It’s a job Jensen’s dedicated fifteen years of his life to. Dutifully. He acted, he directed, he went to cons, posed for fan pics with a surprising amount of handholding with Misha for some reason, he retweeted The CW tweets for fuck’s sake. He’s been
Cas doesn’t answer, and simply stares out the window, into the darkness of the night. Dean blinks at him. His neck sure does look nice and slim in that shirt. Maybe it
He looks over at Cas while reaching for it, stretching his fingers around the edge and tugging it towards him before Sam can read whatever’s on the screen.
Pastor Richard’s alarm goes off before Dean has even drawn one single line on the paper. He looks at the white surface with a slight frown. How’s he supposed to do this?
Dean frowns. Did the phone accidentally glitch when it fell and switch over to some intense math test?
“Scene twenty-four take two,” Richard announces, and silence falls. On the outskirts of the set, Dean can see a crewmember actually recording this atrocity with her phone. Absolute madness.
Of course he would be. Dean was a classic caretaker, wired to save and fix. At least that’s what he read in Carver Edlund’s Supernatural books [purgatory section of his book shelf].
“I mean, nothing wrong with... It’s just about taste. I like oysters.” Dean fumbles with his fingers. “…. Not… cockles.”
you’re implying. I am not gay for Cas!!” Dean yells and throws his phone against the wall, not caring if it shatters into pieces at this point.
Dean throws all the papers on the ground and empties a trash can out on the street. Then, he lights a match and hovers its flame near the edge of one of the drawings. Once it’s properly on fire, he drops it in the can, and takes the next page.
He reads through the options. “I would worry that my friend feels uncomfortable” (umm dude, get it together), “Wait. Why HAVEN’T we fucked yet?” (you got issues), “I’d wonder if we would make a cute couple, maybe” (nope, not relatable at all).
Cas covers his legs and briefs with the blanket and leans his body against the headboard. He doesn’t seem sleepy, despite looking exhausted.
Dean nods awkwardly, and leaves. Cas watches him walk over to a young blonde woman and strike up an easy conversation immediately. Oh, to be a pretty young woman.
“No,” Dean interrupts him, moving onto the mattress. He kneels between Cas’ legs and slides his hand slowly up the angel’s back. “You’re stunning. You’re beautiful. Has anybody ever told you that?”
After a lot of spraying and wiping and slathering and carefully avoiding Cas’s eyes in the tiny trailer - though fine, he looks nice without a shirt, Misha must work out a lot, those arms are only second to those hands - they’re ushered onto the set.
Cas shuts up, blinking up at Dean and it’s almost endearing. A baby in a trench coat. Um, without the trench coat. Saucer eyes. Tight briefs.
The second time it happens, they’re on a hunt. It’s a few weeks later and Sam is happy as hell to be out of that bunker.
“I merely observed that you hadn’t had many chances to drink yet, Dean,” Cas says. “I figured the point of this game was consuming alcoholic beverages.”
Tentatively, like he doesn’t fully trust this, Cas presses his lips softly against Dean’s. That’s when Dean finally remembers plants also require air, and he exhales against Cas’ upper lip, breath releasing like a stutter. When he gasps for oxygen, Cas deepens the kiss, moving his tongue against Dean like they’re both speaking the same language for the first time.
There’s something about that that tugs Dean’s heart, but he’s not letting himself think about that too long. There are more, um, pressing matters.
Cas startles. He turns his head. “I haven’t been to any carnivals lately, Dean. And I only have a little experience handling hot dogs at the Gas-n-sip.”
many emotions mixed up. Sometimes Dean gets carried away in them because they’re so well written, well, that’s the power of good writers isn’t it? He starts almost believing it, until he has to remind himself, those stories are fiction and very unlike Cas, who’s a former celestial being and therefore entirely above and apart from human emotion.
As he pulled the final trigger, he was so consumed by his to-do list that he didn't even register the thread of another life snapping, one so very intimately connected to his.
The MONTAGE shifts to images of Dean trying to pick up women, scenes of Dean talking to John and Mary.
Dean walks up to Cas, and gets on his knees in front of him, forcing their eyes to meet. Yep. Very heterosexual.
“Nothing,” Cas grumbles between his teeth. “Just say your line.” His mouth presses into a flat line and he looks away to the side.
Dean is fucking — he cannot believe this. He’s fucking hard as a rock. Dean glances at the little — um, perfectly nice-sized bastard.
Dean waits in the parking lot for Cas to leave the building. He’s leaning against Baby, arms crossed. Like a perfect picture of Relaxed.
He feels his heart settle, his legs manspread a little. It’s all good. He can do this Dean gig for just long enough to save the guy’s life. So at least in one universe, Dean Winchester can be happy.
Cas doesn’t reply, and Dean ignores the knot forming in his gut at the uncomfortable way Cas’ shoulders are tensing in the passenger seat.
The third time is just ridiculous, really. It’s exactly one week after the vampire hunt and Sam is on a video call with Eileen in the living room. Cas is lounging with a book in a chair nearby, when Dean stumbles into the room.
More and more, his dick gets caught a little in Cas’ rim, almost, just barely, slipping almost in - then out. How will he cope? This is, fuck, fuck - then finally, his tip slips completely inside.
“Did you forget how to do a stage kiss… by mistake? Ugh, never mind, that’s all the time we have for this scene,” Richard says, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Let’s just pray this gets past the cw wigs.”
Maybe Cas needs some time to get over his experiences in the Empty, Dean reckons. And after that, who knows? Hell, he’ll give anything just to get his friend back.
“Cas, I…” Dean starts, and Cas is on his feet immediately. “I accidentally put a staple in my side.”
“Thing is, when you discovered your humanity, I’d already lost mine. I was a burnt and broken shell of a man.”
“I mean about the case, jerk. Just. Walk me through everything — but spare me any uh, artistic muse visuals, ok?”
Dean feels a little twinge in his heart. But he needs to push through this. Cas has been acting damn weird. He pulled away from the hug, and he’s been avoiding Dean all day, always finding an excuse to leave the room.
Dean opens his eyes through wet lashes. God, he really did fail Jack from his very first minutes on Earth, didn’t he?
Cass puts a finger on Jensen’s forehead. A JOLT goes through his body. Cass smiles, gripping tight to stop the body from falling. Dean is back.
From his vantage point, he can see Dean pinch his eyes closed as Cas wraps his other arm across his lower back. There is a trace of great pain across his face, and Sam doubts it has anything to do with his shoulder. Slowly, during the healing embrace, Dean moves his good arm to rest his hand on Cas’ back, and a small whimper escapes Dean when the touch lands.
“You’re… you’re.” Dean’s voice is flat.  He tucks his hands into his front pockets. “You’re Jimmy Novak.”
What a waste of money, and bad for the environment, and horrible to whichever Amazon workers had to break their backs over this Celebrity Prime order to get it here so soon.
“Not a single lie in there, though,” Jensen defends his and Dean’s honor. “There’s things… you haven’t seen. Grief, that Dean goes through, whenever you’re dead. He’s shattered. Lost. he’s a mess without you, Cas. Trust me, I know.”
Cas keeps staring, so Dean’s mouth spills another “buddy”, commingled with something that’s a mixture of Cas’ name and a hoarse, strangled gasp of pure want.
… share a bed,” he admits. Prob’ly better not to mention any of that bondage stuff or anything. And he’s definitely not ready to talk Omegaverse.
Cas is glad when the dinner is over. He helps with the dishes (no hands in pots this time). He tells a few Christian-friendly jokes. He accepts one last glass of whiskey before they have to leave, sipping it while sitting with Claire and Mary and Dean. There’s warmth in his belly. Relief. He’s been through the worst of it now, as Jimmy. But it’s all behind him.
Something was stuck in Cas’s throat. Everyone else was drinking and laughing and dancing, but he needed some air. Needed to get out of there before ‘Dust in the Wind’ started, certainly. They couldn’t start playing ‘Carry on Wayward Son
“Pretend I’m someone else,” Dean continues. Who does Cas love? “Umm, like, pretend I’m a microwave burrito.”
Outside, the cold nighttime air pricked in his lungs. Cas breathed deeply in an attempt to stop feeling so annoyingly alive.
“Don’t worry, I get it,” she says sympathetically. She winks at him. “I used to pretend to be my own twin in high school.”
Dean took a large swig of his beer and stared ahead, into the relative darkness of a heavenly night. In the distance, there were lights indicating a town. Above them, stars. Perhaps it had been an indulgence to decorate heaven with actual stars, but Cas decided it was well worth it as he watched Dean look up at them and smile softly.
A lot of thoughts buzz through his brain but there’s not a single one he can catch. His arms are frozen in the shape of a hug but not quite touching her back. What to say in a situation like this? No angel training Cas had ever covered this particular scenario.
“If it must be done, I guess I’ll make this sacrifice. It can’t be worse than the mark of Cain,” Dean jokes, but a small flash of sadness in Cas’ eyes quickly shuts him up.
Dean scans his memory. There was of course, eh, Meg. Demon. And that woman who slept with him while he was human and ended up stabbing him… She was a reaper.
Cas doesn’t need to look up to know her eyes are drilling holes in him. But who is she to judge? It’s not like she’s ever been a billion year old angel dying for loving a human whose only steady relationship is a car.
about the situation. But he reconsiders. He needs to proceed carefully, here, if Eileen and him are ever going to find peace.
Cas just frowns at him, hand still grasping for something just outside of reach in that trench coat. “I don’t…
Cas turns to her so she can read his lips. “I don’t know yet. There’s a whole world to see, people to meet. I might visit heaven. Jack offered me a job when he first saved me...”
Pastor Richard takes a seat behind one of the easels and holds up his phone, opened on its timer function. “You may start with your first pose, Steve.”
Cas kneels on the chair, showing off the curve of his ass and the flawless question mark line of his spine, and throws Dean a self righteous look over his shoulder.
So Sam is happy when they find an easy enough case to bond over. A nest of vampires, it seems, has been attacking families and cutting off tongues. After a bit of old fashioned investigation, they’ve tracked them to a barn.
The Shadow rubs her legs. “What’s in it for me? Why shouldn’t I just keep you wandering around here, until you die and beyond?”
She nods and walks off. Next to Dean, Cas is doing his weird staring thing. Dean looks over at him with sudden trepidation.
Dean watches him struggle against the words, and suddenly, he remembers the next part. It’s no longer about Dean. It’s about Cas.
But then Dean’s expression softens all at once, when Cas puts his fingers on him uncertainly. His lips part to release shaky breaths.
“It’s my day off!” He yells, immediately regretting it. He actually prides himself on always being nice to the crew, while they’re finding cloths to clean pie off from faces, for example.
Dean stroked down on Castiel’s cock and it caused a ripple effect through Castiel, making him shake with need. He moaned and Dean started to bob his head. He tugged on Dean’s hair and bit the inside of his mouth. “Dean,” he breathed and it took every ounce of his willpower not to buck his hips up into Dean’s mouth. “Dammit.” He groaned and tugged more, causing the man to moan around his cock. “I’m supposed to be mad at you.” Castiel shuddered and he moaned again.
“Yeah sorry,” he mumbled and smiled a little. “I just get lost in thought sometimes.” Castiel looked the man over, liking the appearance of him. Though he knew that it would be a while before Castiel was ready for someone other than Dean. It was going to be a very long time until he was ready for someone else.
There’s no crash on Canadian ground, no embarrassing moment where he’s gonna have to explain why he’s lying face-down in broken shards of company property. No. Shockingly, he ‘lands’ next to Jared.
Of course things changed after Jack saved him. And Dean dying was no surprise. Humans are famously limited edition. But this soon? This was unfair —
“It loves punishing muses he deems painter’s whores. Apparently turpes are connected to the Iconoclastic Fury in Europe. Kevin found a whole book dedicated to—“
Hmmm. Okay, true. More than anyone in the world, actually (Dean grabs a pen and adds that fact to the note, scribbling it in the margin of the page). But Austin Powers makes him laugh. Doesn’t mean true love or any of that sappy stuff.
“I’m more than just an angel shell, Dean,” Cas says indignantly. “I’m um, a Christian. A salesman.” What else, what else? “I’m Claire’s dad. I have my own separate identity from Castiel.”
Some of the stories don’t even take place in this universe. Those are just plain unnerving. Cas wouldn’t open a coffeeshop. Would Dean start a tattoo parlor though? Maybe. It’d be pretty cool.
“Cas, it’s not that bad, it’s not like torture or anything.” He half smiles, trying to reassure the angel.
Well. Dean shrugs. That is true, but so has Sam, so has Bobby. Plenty of people have saved his life but that don’t mean he wants to bone them, is all.
Cas quickly retreats, pulling back his arms. The angel’s expression is shadowed. Dean blinks, letting his eyes adjust to this side of the room again. The streetlamp’s light somehow finds a way around Cas’s sharp cheekbones like it’s carving them, like it’s excavating a cherished relic from an archeological site.
His back muscles are starting to feel like a pie crust, criss cross patterned alternating where it hurts.
But Claire throws her arms around Dean’s neck - Cas is starting to think it’s her signature disarming move - and sighs deeply into his shoulder.
Cas sits up, all at once removing all warmth and softness from Dean’s lap. An unwilling sound escapes Dean’s mouth, like someone’s disconnected his oxygen machine or something.
All of Dean’s loved ones showed up. Dean turned to them, clearly moved by their presence by evidence of moisture in his eyes, Cas noticed proudly. Dean greeted Jo, Eileen, Bobby, Garth and his family, Claire … Oops, somehow John Winchester’s invitation got lost in the mail. Oh well. Nothing that could be done about that now!
“Right.” Dean straightens his shoulders and turns towards Cas. Holy shit. When did Cas move so close, damn it?
? Does he even have… anything, down there? Straight up barbie dolls, right, those angels? Junkless. Right?
Then it clicks that Cas is kissing his hand, and that Dean is letting him. He meets Cas’ eyes watching him kiss all five of his fingers, one by one, with growing, monstrous intensity.
?” Dean says, but just then someone taps on his shoulder. It’s the crew member he saw recording on her phone. She hands him the device with a grin.
Not that Dean is gay or anything. No no. This is just for demonic summoning purposes. Strictly business.
He clicks on a random story. Nothing in particular drew him to it, really. It’s just a coincidence that it’s about Dean masturbating in the shower and accidentally summoning Cas by calling out his name like in a prayer.
Just Jimmy going about his day. Wandering the streets, for no reason at all. Definitely not in the hopes of bumping into Dean.
Jensen groans. Opening the door is actually like watching an angel die, the white light exploding in his eyes.
He hovers over the “I have a complicated relationship with my father, there was another adult in my life I considered more of a dad actually” answer. Thinking about Bobby.
All the participants take a new canvas. Dean hands Barbara back her eraser and crosses his legs, trying to get comfortable again.
Dean braces himself for a second, then goes through all his findings. The people he spoke to. Pastor Richard, if that’s even his real name. Horny Barb. French beret guy. The wall of drawings. The absence of hex bags as far as he could tell. The lay-out of the church.
“I swear, if you’re gonna throw some five stages of grief psychoanalysis at me like this is a Thursday night soap opera—”
No way that Dean’ll pick that one. That’s clearly about him and Cas. About like, Cas lifting him out of hell and touching his soul and that being so beautiful that Dean hasn’t stopped thinking about it, ever.
“...You raised your little brother for love, you fought for this whole world for love, THAT is who you are. You're the most... caring man on Earth…”
I knew demons existed, sure. Vampires. Weres. Freaks galore. And I’d seen so much damn suffering that I couldn’t even believe in the good parts anymore, not on earth, not in heaven, not even in
“It’s an angel’s kiss,” Cas says, his deep voice sounding troubled. His eyes flicker to Sam and then straight back to his hands.
Misha in a trenchcoat. It’s a celestial being. A force so large, noble, brave and surreal that it can barely be contained.
Dean’s train of thoughts brakes before it leaves the station. Next to him, the bespectacled lady from earlier has taken a seat. She’s brought a luxurious notepad, a kneaded eraser and charcoal pencils. Dean's eye for detail immediately connects those to some of the best works on the naked lady wall.
Dean looks up at him, still feeling a little self conscious about his perky nipples just out here in the damn breeze. “Um, no, didn’t find the script. Did you?”
— he thinks in a British accent — compared to whatever trauma that tween psychoanalysis would entail.
If he feels a little hot, that’s just because he’s under a thick blanket. And you know, if something is stirring underneath the sheets, that’s just, um, a normal reaction to reading sex words. It’s just like watching porn and looking at the guy too, because he’s just in the shot, you know? Can’t help but see him.
He goes for: “This is where the evening / splits in half, Henry, love or death. Grab an end, pull hard, and make a wish”
“Castiel and I shared a mind for a long time,” he quickly says. “Tell me, John, didn’t you abandon Dean at a children’s home when he was caught stealing bread? Because he had to feed Sam? Didn’t he have to raise his younger brother because you weren’t there? Do you even know-”
He drags his eyes upwards, and finds Cas is looking to pastor Richard for further instructions. Thank god for small mercies.
“This is another flavor of torture, but I laugh in your face. I am an angel of the Lord. Think I haven’t been through worse? Send me back to my dream, you are making a fool out of yourself.”
“How excited are you about this episode, Mr. Ackles?” The interviewer pushes the microphone towards Dean’s face.
Dean shakes his head in disbelief at himself. Why did he have to fucking word vomit like that? Those fans have
Dean clears his throat. “That’s right, Cas. Come on, we deserve a night without worries. Just like the good old days.”
Dean exhales shakily, twisting his eyes shut for a second. He can do this. He can do this. He’s read about this so many times, he’s basically an expert now. Ok, ok, he’s got this, c’mon.
! Dean wanted them to just be buds. Cas considered giving up his grace and falling back down to earth right now, just to get out of this social nightmare.
. “Cas, please. I know you’re in heaven with Jack. Maybe you’re busy, maybe not. But we gotta talk.”
You know what? His fish are cool. He can’t believe whoever wrote that episode read him so hard in The French Mistake. So he’s an animal lover, what about it. Nothing wrong with that. It can get lonely on set, y’know.
He opens the largest and heaviest package. Oh. That’s just more whiskey bottles. Great foresight! But he’ll stick to beer right now. And maybe Vitamin Water in a minute.
Dean, however, doesn’t let go. He breathes heavily, fists still holding on tight to the fabric, swallowing and swallowing words.
Dean looks at the little taped crosses on the floor, remembering. Okay, Sam was red, way back when. Dean was green. That means blue is for Cas.
“And what if I am?” He asked and Dean chuckled. They both walked into the camper, Castiel tried to pay no attention to it as it rocked a little from the new weight. The Novak sat his bag down on the countertop of the kitchen and looked around the small establishment. “Smaller than I thought.” But homey at the same time. Castiel liked how it was a sixties camper. Small, mosaic tiles on the floor. There was a curtain that separated the actual bed from the rest of the camper. Castiel looked over at Dean. “I thought you said that there was a room for Sam?” Curtains could easily be drawn back, Sam could accidentally see them, and that made the brown haired man tense.
He stripped himself of his jacket, getting the feeling of the note out of his mind, and decided to break for lunch. Castiel was supposed to be meeting with Charlie today, because she promised him a surprise hang out once he was all settled into his dorm. Of course, he wasn’t really all that settled in, but he had everything unpacked, so there was that. He walked towards the student union. She promised him that she would at least find the student union for him. So he walked into the open area, which was somehow already bustling with students, even though classes started just a few days ago. Castiel folded his jacket over the top of his messenger bag, and sighed a little.
“Dean,” Tessa remarked as they walked up to her English class. “Seriously? You and Cas came back to the fire pit and neither of you would look at each other. What happened?”
Castiel smirked and pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose. He licked his lips and watched Green Eyes return the gesture. “See you around.” He climbed out of the car reluctantly and watched as the other man drove off, leaving a trail of exhaust in his wake. Castiel bit his lip then trudged up the stairs to their apartment, not at all surprised that Gabriel was still awake.
Castiel’s breath caught in his throat. His mouth was so dry, and he felt as if he was going to burst into flames. Hands were scaling up his sides; warm hands, calloused hands, hands that had probably never felt what lotion was. Castiel reached his hands out, tangling them in short hair. His eyes were closed, there was no way in hell he was going to open his eyes. He was too scared to, too ashamed to open his eyes and see something that he wasn’t supposed to be enjoying. Castiel didn’t want to feel so aroused and hot because hands of a man were touching him. That was wrong, it was so wrong. He’d been taught that, been told and had it shoved down his throat. Don’t love a man like your idiot of a brother Castiel, don’t ever be a disgrace like Inias.
The alarm goes off, but the most alarming thing is that Barb is leaning over and whispering, “Those buns, I could feed my whole family with those.”
Dean strokes Cas’ cheek with his thumb. “No, I’m as real as it gets and I’m not leaving without you. Sam found a spell, Cas, and we’re - we’ve come to take you home.”
At that, Dean flinches, and Sam immediately regrets his words. He closes his eyes briefly and tries to calm the anger coursing through his veins.
He promptly takes a couple of large strides to Dean, who looks at him like a wounded deer caught in headlights. Before he can react, Sam grabs his dumb brother by his dumb collar and pushes him inside Dean’s own room.
He takes a deep, slightly shuddering breath. This is just two friends sharing a motel bed. Nothing weird at all.
Dean gains some courage and looks up quickly, before he can change his mind. Cas’ face is still completely unreadable but somehow brighter, containing darkness and light at the same time, and yes, Dean thinks, yes, he really is an endless, breathtaking creature. Those fanfic goons wrote that part of him absolutely right.
“You’ve watched me hurt you a thousand times now, replayed that moment over and over, and never once did you think you deserved
They don’t actually get a minute. After twenty seconds there’s another countdown and there’s blue eyes holding Dean hostage, and boy those lamps are hot, and the silence is so loud, and Cas’s lips move.
“But I did expect the Empty to take me away so I’d never have to face you again… You see. Living here with you now, has been…. challenging. There’s nowhere to hide.”
Determination sets Cas’ jaw. He lets go of Dean’s dick entirely, quickly getting up and taking Dean by the shoulders.
He squints at the scene they just filmed, it’s full of highlighted words and little notes in the margin. Huh?
“Basium angeli?” Cas, who’d been sitting quietly in the corner, seems to wake from deep thought. “Really?”
At that moment, Dean steps into a more well-lit part of the hallway as he leans closer to Cas. There’s blood on his lips.
For a minute, Sam thinks the microphone has stopped working, because absolutely no sound emanates from the machinery. And now that he thinks of it, maybe the camera has stopped working too, because the image has frozen on Dean staring at Cas like a 1920s movie star.
The damn alarm goes off. Dean looks at the barely-even imprint of Cas on his page. He sighs and turns it over to start the next sketch.
No reply. Just silence, and creepy staring and god his chest is nice, amazing what a little makeup can do huh? Of course, Dean knew that already from accidentally bingewatching Drag Race.
Dean’s in the bathroom, damp towel wrapped around his waist, having a little no-big-deal fucking blind panic after a shower that probably should have been a
First things first. He opens a beer to battle the hangover. The last time he drank like this, it was early season 7.
Dean laughs nervously. It’s none of his business anyway. And aren’t angels genderless? Can they even
His entire life flashes before his eyes. Floppy fish and all. He should’ve just stepped on it, if only to avoid this awkward conversation. No! He’s not ready to be turned down by Dean Winchester.
If Dean’s honest with himself, which he of course always is, then damn it, he is enjoying it just as much. He adds another finger, feeling Cas stretch. Dean bites his lip - he imagines his dick breaching that tight hole soon.
Dean drinks up the way Cas has his hands folded half underneath his head so they’re touching Dean’s lap just a little.
Dean has no choice but to turn his phone back on and redo the quiz, going with different answers each time. None of them anything he himself would actually choose.
“Never have I ever behaved in such a way that people start to suspect I’m missing my own soul”, Dean says.
This seems to elicit a response. Cas blinks out of his daze, turning those eyes on him. So blue. “I can assure you, Dean, I’ve always had functioning… junk. A lot of angels in fact like to… Well.”
He considers himself quite the connoisseur of the female form, not unlike a sommelier with an exceptionally fine nose or an art collector with impeccable taste. Except he’d buy all the paintings. And enjoy all the wine, because truly, isn’t it one of God’s gifts to humanity?
The man ignores Cas and goes straight for Dean, dragging him out of his trailer’s doorway by his collar. “You should both be in makeup.”
Cas is actually a pretty stand-up guy and anyone, man or woman, would be lucky to have him. He’s super kind. Rebelled against heaven, for fuck’s sake. And he’s just hot, objectively. Otherwise his lookalike Misha Collins wouldn’t get cast on a tv show, right?
Cas stops wearing the coat. He puts on clothes he thinks a middle class Christian dad would wear. He parts his hair like it’s the dead sea. He wears a cross around his neck.
The whole team (Cas) had agreed Dean’s favorite music should be playing. Unfortunately, Cas didn’t have much to go off for Dean’s musical taste. That mixtape Dean made for him only had the same band’s songs over and over.
Sam translates for Eileen, who just shakes her head incredulously. Almost simultaneously so with Cas, who has one hand on his doorknob still.
“You lusted after me, you little fag. You don’t think I knew? Every one of your angel friends warned me about it. Even demons saw it.”
“That mysterious Latin thing,” Sam says. “It doesn’t appear to be a plant or an animal. It’s not mentioned in any books in our library, I’ve looked. Basium angeli.”
No, the quiz is rigged. Probably every answer leads to the same outcome. it’s probably a joke quiz, made by Sam to fuck with him, or something.
There’s no grace in this universe but Dean could swear there’s a glow emanating from those fingertips against his cheeks, and the way those long fingers just fit around his jaws, it’s like — like falling into place.
“Jack is innocent. It was Billie, she flung him in here,” Dean says. “He was just the bomb. The… instrument.”
Nothing but the sound of breathing. And then, a whimper, though Sam is unsure who exactly made the sound.
“Yeah. We’ll have to re-do those, Cas,” Dean says, mouth smoke-filled, fingers tingling, paper unfolding in his chest.
against Dean’s backside. Dean can feel the hard outline of Cas’ dick tenting his briefs, grazing against Dean’s rear.
Probably red as a beet, he scrambles for his stuff, and glances at Barb. To his horror, she’s snacking on a piece of beef jerky. Where the fuck did she get beef jerky?
Jensen takes a deep breath. “Okay, bear with me. We got the scripts for the final episodes and like, it’s ridiculous. They barely mention you and Jack, and never even talk about all of Dean and Sam’s found family, you know?”
Cas looks up, and the sight is just gorgeous. Dark, messy hair that matches his lashes. Lips slowly moving upwards Dean’s dick.
When the last page is distorted by the fire, Cas suddenly appears, heaving half naked on the bathroom floor. Just as he was approximately twelve hours earlier, like he never left at all.
Dean looks downright struck. If Sam didn’t know better he'd think his brother was about to faint. He keeps closing his eyes and then opening them again, trying to find words, to name things he’s perhaps never dared to name, not even once.
“No!” Dean yells, as if suddenly waking from a daze. This might be their chance. He lifts his hand. “Wait. Please save Cas. Please. You have power here.”
Jensen hauls himself upright and moves his reluctant body to the door, only dressed in boxer shorts and an unreleased Radio Company shirt. A new album cover design he’s playing with, definitely not based on brokebacknatural. He wouldn’t even know what that is.
After a few swigs of the hair of the dog, he remembers ordering this stuff, and the reason why. Right. Last hail-mary, completely idiotic attempt to save Dean.
Dean watches Cas swallow hard, and he feels a pang of sympathy for the angel. His eyes linger on Cas’s exposed neck, and then, after he builds up enough courage, Dean looks up into Cas’s gaze.
Cas nodded. Of course, Cas had long come to terms with the idea that Dean would someday die. He’d just expected it to be after years had passed and his embarrassing final words had been forgotten. Or at least after the party hats from heaven’s Amazon arrived.
Eileen nods, and Sam looks over the top of his laptop, eyes focusing on Dean’s fingers clenching his own side with a pained grimace on his face.
“Yeah, Cas, that’s what I’ve been trying to explain to you. In between, uh, your body positive mission statements. You put yourself in danger!”
Dean’s still fuming as he puts his pajamas on, brushes his teeth and crawls into bed. The one where he’s recently added another bedside table, on the other side. You know, for symmetry.
“I mean, those folks write some weird stories about us. On the internet. I thought you should know, since it’s, well, about us.” Oh god, suddenly there’s a smile on Dean’s face and a finger gun as well. Dean cringes at himself. “Banging.”
A blush creeps up Dean’s cheeks as he reads those horrible, horrible words about him, his body and um, Cas’ body. And lips. Definitely lips too.
Whatever. He’s in Baby! Rebuilt by Dean with his actual hands because holy shit, Dean is real, alternate universes are real, it’s all real!
That’s not exactly their kid, he’s a fully grown-up three year old. Who happens to look exactly like Cas. But Sam’s kinda his dad too, and this show isn’t exactly going for ‘sastiel’, huh.
Cas pauses, mind elsewhere. When he proceeds, he sounds angrier. “But I did. And it changed you, Dean. You barely look at me. You don’t want me to touch you unless I heal you, unless you can use me… and then lately… And
Cas briefly closes his eyes, then opens them bravely and raises trembling hands. But the very moment he cradles Dean’s face, Dean lifts his own hands instinctively. It’s too much. The hands turn into fists and crunch up the front part of Cas’ shirt, pushing the angel up against the door like a butterfly being pinned to the board.
He stares at his work. It’s too harsh, he decides. What Cas is… it’s less definable than these hard lines, but they aren’t willing to budge.
“Never have I ever been completely banned from driving the Impala,” Dean says and stares at Cas and Jack until they drink.
He points to the wall of shame, where yesterday’s drawings and paintings are hanging fresh next to all the previous victims.
Dean smiles at him reassuringly. Just because he’s not gay, doesn’t mean he’s opposed to being intimately touched by a man! “I don’t mind, except that you apparently think Monty Python is boring. Nobody’s perfect though.”
Dean rubs his eyes, wishing he could stab them out. He turns his phone off and throws it back on the bedside table.
He’s just getting ready for the night with Eileen when he suddenly hears voices in the hallway. So he reluctantly gets out of bed, in his warm winter pj’s and slippers. He peeks outside, mostly hidden inside his own doorway. A little further down, Dean and Cas are standing in the hallway that’s shrouded in patches of shadows. They’re right by Cas’ door.
Then, Dean seems to gather all his courage and slowly opens his eyes. He lifts a trembling hand, and puts it on Cas’ cheek, as if he wants to heal him.
Fuck. There’s just. There’s something that feels like real life rhyming about Cas posing nude in a church versus Dean posing nude in a motel.
He quickly backs out of this horrific website. Hell no. He’d rather chop his arms off than take that.
“Oh”, Dean says, flashing a boyish grin on his face. “So you’re telling me all this time you’ve been a goddamn pansy? Is that it?”
It’s not Dean’s fault the length of Sam’s limbs is a curiosity to be studied by the Ikea science team.
Cas nods and flashes a quick look at Dean, before standing up. He turns away slightly, and crosses his hands over his chest, somehow exuding a new kind of vulnerability. Cas keeps his gaze on the wall opposite him, expression hard to read from Dean’s sideway position.
- Dean doesn’t for one second think about how the fans are so wrong, because the real Cas is actually not gay at all, and he doesn’t feel any twinge of disappointment in his stomach. And when he drives Cas to his date’s house and says,
Dean closes the call and straight-lines it to the choir room. He elephant-in-a-china-shops right through the door to the sight of a bunch of old men singing.
That’s okay, because he’s wide awake anyway. It’s been another late shoot on the Supernatural set because monsters don’t exactly come out in daylight.
Dean very carefully, tentatively licks his tongue across Cas’ bottom lip. Holy shit. Cas opens like a flower. Dean pushes past and it is like tasting honey for the first time. Like discovering color and flavor and all life has to offer, like drinking water directly from the mountain’s source.
But Cas doesn’t even acknowledge the big sausage-shaped elephant in the room. He just starts drawing.
And it’s like. He’s seen parts of Cas naked before, so many times actually that he could have Frankensteined a fully nude image of the dude with his brain if he’d ever combined those flashes of skin — which, of course, he hasn’t, ever.
Christ, why can’t he stop talking? “And I guess, before, when you were an angel, well, you didn’t swing any kind of way, right? Just doll parts down there? No junk?”
And Dean wants to give Cas the best parts of his body if he’s going to lay his weary head to rest. That’s just how non homophobic Dean is.
He looks entirely disoriented, scrambles to his feet and takes heavy breaths. His hair is disheveled. His briefs are still sticky. His hands seek purchase on the sink.
When he returns to the room, wearing underwear and a t-shirt - thank you very much - Cas is back sitting in the same spot on the bed. Cas hesitantly looks up, eyes not in any way dragging over Dean’s body as he would in a fanfic, Dean thinks.
He googles the French Mistake script to look up the ingredients for the spell to travel to the Supernatural universe, carefully steering clear of that ao3 site Misha keeps sending him links of.
Dean’s hand curls into a fist. What’s he talking about? Their life isn’t a college class, it’s just them sitting in a car and driving through America with zero homoerotic activity. They save people, they hunt things. It ain’t that deep.
Dean looks to the side and tries to gauge whatever is going on in Cas’s head. It’s near impossible. Those eyes are deep wells, their usual piercing blue hidden in the darkness of the motel room. Dean is - he is drowning in them.
Next question almost has him tossing the phone against the wall, or better yet, at Sam’s head. If all that hair wouldn’t soften the blow like some party city wig helmet, maybe Dean would actually consider it.
It feels strangely good to destroy this evidence of Cas posing for — for money. Money Cas didn’t have because Dean didn’t fucking use his stupid skull, didn’t think to give him enough cash to get by on, when he sent him away.
No. That’s probably the answer they want him to choose. He’s not about to walk right into their gay devil's trap.
Suddenly, Jensen realizes that there aren’t any boxes in the room anymore. Where did the lamb blood go?
. Dean pushes upward again, their dicks straining against fabric, against each other, seeking the friction. He exhales a shaky breath, and moves one hand to the back of Cas’ head, to steady himself. Maybe to steady them both.
Then he discovers he can actually see a list of all possible answers on the last screen. Okay then. It’s not all Dean, sure.
Now Dean’s gonna have to explain about dumb sexuality quizzes, and why even straight people take them.
Dean blinks furiously. Outside, the moon has breached the clouds and is shining weak rays of light in, increasing the visibility around them and making Dean suddenly very conscious of this whole scene.
moving that tongue around with skill Dean didn’t know he had. By the time they untangle, Dean feels, uh, almost light in the head. Dizzy.
Dean scoffs. He’s not twelve years old, he hasn’t thought about his dad in like — a while. Sure, John wasn’t perfect, but whose dad ever is? Parents are human, and John Winchester tried his best.
“Wow, I don’t recognise you with this many clothes on,” Dean quips, and he delights in Cas’ eye roll.
“There was this passage… Honestly, it’s a long shot but we think they might reappear if you destroy all images of the models.”
If he remembers correctly from the script, he’s supposed to say something about moving on so their sacrifice isn’t for nothing.
One by one, the missing women come back. Like revived ghosts. Like the lines on the page were restraining them.
Even if it’s coincidence, that poetry seems to stand on its own anyway. Dean makes a mental note to google some more poems later, when he's back in his room with laptop access.
Dean stops him, because hell — he doesn’t need the actual history of this monster. One bit of info, and one bit of info only is what matters to him now.
But what can Cas even say? He’s not ‘in love’ with Dean. He remembers rebuilding his body the way Michelangelo remembers chiseling the David from a slab of marble. He can recount from memory the fifty three (53) subtle shades of green in Dean’s eyes. He hears his voice in his mind, still - like an ancient poem repeated so often it becomes legend.
He can feel moisture rising to his eyes. But he can’t give into that. No. For now it’s important to save Cas’ life. And the world, too, maybe.
“I may be new to this ‘human’ thing,” Cas interrupts, doing the air quotes passive aggressively. “But I do know I am meant to feel shame.” He pauses, then clarifies just in case Dean forgot what transpired the last few fucking hours.
“Yeah, you couldn’t see it, that day you pulled me out. You were a foolish little queer angel. They were right. The minute you laid a hand on me in hell, you were lost. The very touch of me corrupted. ’Cause yeah…. I’ve always asked myself, if you’d seen all of my soul, how come you had missed those very darkest bits?”
Cas’s ears perked up. How would Dean react to hearing his name? With sadness? Shock? Neutral? Or… or…
Richard is still hollering at them. “You realize you love him too, and reciprocate his kiss. Simple! Now scene twenty-four, take three, three two—“
“I don’t know whatever went down between you two in the bunker,” Sam says, throwing him A Look. “But knowing Cas, whatever fight you had, whatever words were said, it’ll be forgiven.”
“I should double check your paperwork, there’s been a mistake, you shouldn’t be in heaven,” he hisses at her before getting out, but she just smiles.
Dean blinks, stunned. “No, Cas. Of course not. I only said that to hurt you, so the Empty wouldn’t take you.”
Dean swallows hard. This last part is very close to the truth. There is a darkness in him, still. It’s pouring out of him, now, a new kind of torture.
“You go do soundchecks while I make some phone calls,” he ordered, clapping his hands. “And smile! You’re in heaven. Eternal bliss, I wanna see nothing
Instead, he watches quietly as Cas reaches for his cellphone, sets a timer and starts drawing. As if this is a regular weekday activity. Like a game of Scrabble. Just your regular old getting naked with your best friend. Friends with drawing benefits.
“Meg told me to come to make sure you don’t die,” Dean stated as if matter of factly. “Also, I don’t want my best friend to be murdered in the woods.” He started to walk again and Castiel followed, struggling as he did so. “Even if he is a bitch.”
Dean grabbed a water bottle, and he shot some liquid in his mouth before heading back out onto the field, ready for another play.
“Shut up and touch me,” he breathed and Green Eyes looked at him with a malicious grin. Castiel shivered again and his hands moved to tangle in the other’s short sandy hair when he pulled at Castiel’s jeans.
Castiel cocked his head to the side and narrowed his eyes. Then he smirked again as he watched Charlie’s face drop. “Of course I’ve seen Westworld.” The fiery redhead raised her brow in question.
“Of course this is what I want,” he said and pulled Dean down for a slow, sensual kiss. It was unlike any other that Castiel had ever had. It was delicate and emotional, and Castiel sort of never wanted it to end. “You’re all that I want Dean.” He ran his hand delicately over the other’s stubbly cheek. “All of it.” Dean nodded and he bit the inside of his mouth shyly as he looked at his lover.
The forest had grown quiet around them, the sound of rushing water being the only noise minus the occasional shake of the trees. Castiel and Bartholomew headed west as Lucifer and Samandriel headed east. They crossed the waters slowly, making a minimal amount of noise possible.
“Because I have bad memories with mullets and they’re just stupid.” They walked in silence for a few minutes because they could do that. They had that sort of friendship where they didn’t have to have an ongoing conversation to have a good time.
“Of course I can,” Dean answered as he moved to tangle his fingers with Tessa’s. “You’re my girl.” She let out a soft chuckle and he pulled them away and towards his car. His beautiful baby that he cherished with all of his heart. He cracked the door open to the passenger’s side for Tessa and she looked at him with another big smile.
Cas opens his eyes to the sight of Dean hovering over him, Jimmy and Mary hanging back over his shoulder and the sound of Claire’s laughter in the background.
Cas, right? As weird as it was to be kissing his best friend, his mate, his bro, his buddy, it would be even weirder kissing someone named...
Dean pants and lifts both hands to Cas’ hand on his chest. He needs an anchorpoint. Or perhaps more like a life preserver.
?” Dean asks, but he and Cas are quickly manhandled into adjourning chairs. The women attack their faces with brushes.
Dean mutters something incoherent as a goodbye and ends the call, gripping the phone hard enough to leave pressure marks on his hand from its edges.
Sam smirks at Dean from the safety of the floor and ostensibly stuffs his phone away in his pocket. Dean wills lasers to shoot from his eyes, Cyclops-style, but Sam ignores him and focuses on the movie again.
Hurrying into the bathroom like a bull seeing red and pulling jeans over his legs in a blind panic — wiping up the cum that’s been trickling down — doesn’t help either.
He lowers his head into his hands. He should’ve questioned every participant of that class. He should’ve tortured pastor Richard for info. He should’ve…
ON CASS. Emotional. Tears in his eyes, but they’re tears of happiness. Joy shines on his face. Dean is his sun.
He decides to turn around, positioning his knees on the couch, back turned to Cas. Basically presenting his bum on a silver platter, shit.
Dean takes a few deep breaths before he rolls his shoulders and opens the door. Uh oh. Cas is sitting straight up in bed. The streak of light from the bathroom illuminates the dark look on Cas’ face. He’s glaring.
“This is hardly fair,” Cas says in a much lower voice. “You saw me completely naked. For more than an hour.”
“I know you’re not a homophobe, Dean,” he grumbles, voice never lower. “You don’t have to try so hard.”
“Don’t be an idiot, Dean!” Sam tells him off, and releases him with a large, frustrated sigh. “Holy shit, I never knew you were this desperate!”
Sure beats that one terrible doodle Sam made right before Dean got ghost sickness and spent three hours being chased by a bow-topped Yorkie.
Cas crosses the room to him, and Sam curses himself for having to watch these two idiots with his own two eyes.
Dean focuses very emphatically on Cas, who’s crossed his arms for the next pose already. Cas’ hands are resting on his own shoulders, while one leg stretches to the back. Like an… olympian… of hugs.
Cas must be having a very human heart attack (not again, not Misha!) because he’s pale as a Brit on holiday as he tries to pull his head away.
No, no. Can’t be. Cas did have sex with that female reaper. This is information those fans don’t know about.
It’s busy, but that’s okay because Jimmy is a social guy. He was close with his neighbors, for example. Up until the very moment he had to bludgeon them.
Dean takes a step back, processing. Cas watches as the doubt on Dean’s face shifts to understanding. A mask slips over his features - looking more dead.
Dean feels something sink in his stomach. Shit. How much did Cas overhear? The last thing he wants is for Cas to find that dreadful piece of fanfic, that whole bunch’a made up lies.
“Oh, Sam,” Chuck says. “Sam is boring. Don’t worry about him. Worry about what I can do to you, here.”
Actually, this reminds Dean of when Cas was still an angel. There was a whole lot of unworldly power crammed into that tiny, dorky human packaging. Dean remembers punching Cas for the first time, in that heavenly room of illusions, and how much it hurt his knuckles.
Dean pulls back. Cas is arched with his eyes closed. An ungodly sight. Dean moves on to the other nipple and traces its edges with his tongue. Cas’ hips push upward, seeking friction, seeking Dean.
Cas’ warm breath steadies against the hairs on the back of his neck, and Dean begins to level out with it. Like a slow dance they breathe together, falling into each other’s rhythm. And if Dean shifts his bum a few times, that’s just because it’s not healthy to stay in the same position all the time, your leg can fall asleep, it’s much smarter to move around. So what if he accidentally sticks his back out against Cas. It’s only a little.
After making sure absolutely zero clues can be found among the drawings, being real thorough about it of course, Dean wanders to the half circle bracketing the wooden platform. He puts his stuff on a chair to the side and looks for a steady surface for his drawing papers.
Come to think of it, Dean would rather be on his knees receiving blows to his stomach. Anything but this.
Dean reaches for his own dick with unprecedented need. He grunts against the sofa, bites his other arm with want, slides himself up and down furiously.
God, Dean needs to stop moving and take three deep breaths or he’s gonna explode. It feels so warm and good. Fuck, ok, ok fuck. Slow.
“Of course, Dean.” Sam sounds a little weird still, but Dean can feel his syllables sliding into ‘case mode’. “Tell me every detail.”
“I couldn’t have written it better myself. Dean here interrupted Cas’ heartfelt speech - twelve years of repression, pouring out so beautifully - to call him a faggy fruity angel.”
Jack reaches over and touches Dean’s arm. But Dean barely registers it. It’s like he’s been hit by a grenade; his ears are ringing. He is scattered.
He leans forward, and places a kiss on Cas’ neck as he pulls back and then pushes slowly forward, feeling Cas stretch around his dick, and it feels so good and so right and so -
Richard sighs, suddenly seeming very tired. “Apparently your OUTtv footage already leaked all over Twitter. There’s um…”
Sam can’t help but giggle a bit now, though, as Dean is clutching his shoulder with a grimace when he walks into the television room.
“Did you see what I have to deal with in here?” Sam signs, hoping to persuade Eileen to return from her hunt sooner.
Suddenly, Cas shifts a bit. A tiny adjustment, but with big - rather big, yes indeed - consequences. Because now, Cas’ briefs are in direct contact with Dean’s, and…
Dean tells Jack and Sam the bare minimum, when he first meets them in the unbearable endlessness that is the abandoned Earth. He can’t look Jack in the eyes, can’t tell him how he
Dean looks over his shoulder, to the jukebox. Cas leans against it, staring back. Christian dads can like Fleetwood Mac. It’s not exactly the devil’s music.
Dean collapses. His legs feel weird and numb, his mind is spinning. Jack rushes to his side. And Dean is ready for a beating, because whatever is coming, it’s what he deserves.
Meanwhile Sam abruptly gets up and walks out of the room. Maybe to go to the bathroom, Dean thinks. Dean would eventually have to go too, but right now, he can’t move. He looks at Cas. Maybe like, ever again. Obviously.
Cas tries to stare Dean down, but it’s hard to keep his eyes from lingering on those lips. He might pop a vein if this goes on much longer.
It’s super weird seeing his colleague’s face with a different personality. Even weirder when Jared’s not giving him a wedgie.
No. Dean’s gotta stop now. He’s gotta redirect his mind, or start talking smalltalk with Cas, which’ll probably be worse.
“So Dean,” Claire blurts out after her second glass of chardonnay. “It’s almost as if Cas is here, isn’t it?”
The other attendants abort their conversations and snacking, and find their seats. A wrinkly man in a French beret glares at him. Dean reckons he’s stolen the guy’s usual spot. Well, tough shit. No way he’ll sit front and center across from some naked chick. He doesn’t even do that at the strip club. Seems disrespectful. He’s quite happy in his chair to the side of the stage.
Besides, it’s all bullshit. The whole thing. Those books aren’t actually… The stories don’t represent them at all.
While Dean burns his eyeballs reading the horrible title of this weird little test, another text message pops up.
He’s writing with such concentration - trying to help this Ackles out for when he returns to his body - that he jumps about a foot high out of the sofa when there’s a firm knock on the door.
Tomorrow’s his day off anyway, what a great idea, just great. Just one more sip of whiskey to toast to this idea. He’s young! He can go all night!
“So that’s weird that she asked you to babysit, huh?” Dean says, locating the extra toothbrush and pulling it out triumphantly. “Ha!”
When he turns back around, lube in hand, the blanket has been pushed on the ground and in the middle of the mattress is Cas. The angel has positioned himself on his belly, briefs still on, and is waiting for him quietly. His arms are wrapped around a pillow.
He stares at a bunch of meaningless pictures. Books? Yeah, sure he likes books, who doesn’t? What’s with this guy giving the devil a lap dance? Bro. Why not put a giant “this is the gay answer” neon sign on there while they’re at it?
Huh? That doesn’t make much sense. Why would fake Cas confess his love, and then be okay with fake Dean banging him without saying it back? Cas deserves better.
Dean must hand it to him: the guy looks genuinely shocked. As far as that’s possible when you’re also choking a little.
It’s just. Cas is definitely more buff than Dean expected. Not that he ever thought about what Cas would look like naked, of course. Certainly never fantasised about it!
The actual, real fallen soldier of heaven shifts next to him and rolls on his back on his command, waiting. It warms Dean’s heart to see how much Cas trusts him.
What in the actual fuck is wrong with him? Cas is alone, penniless, and showing his dick to old thirsty women.
The wrath of an annoyed ex-angel, who’s currently turned away from him completely, once again relating Dean to the sight of only the expanse of his bare neck.
Cas turns off his lamp, and lets himself sink deep into the sheets. He turns his back on Dean, lying completely still.
They stop abruptly, and Dean can feel about 15 pairs of eyes on him, including a very annoyed choir director.
He holds up his pencil and makes a diminutive gesture between his index finger and thumb, like he’s measuring something. He winks.
The movements grow more and more aggressive and suddenly there’s a squeeze of fingers on each of Dean’s asscheeks.
Dean’s tongue suddenly feels like a heavy slab of meat in his mouth. Cas didn’t know? He’s… not aware of the missing people?
He’s gonna take that quiz to prove the fans got him wrong. He won’t get the Dean Winchester result. He’ll get whatever’s the straight one. The Cas one, prob’ly.
The first time he consciously showed his dick to anyone must’ve been when he was in highschool, flashing his friends. As a joke. Guys joke like that.
He shakes his head no when Sam offers him one, wanting his thoughts to be clear for the rest of the quiz.
Shit, Jack. After everything, still so generous with his love. Dean averts his eyes. It hurts. Jack wouldn’t help him if he knew the truth.
So far only women have been targeted, but 3 out of 3 is hardly a scientific sample. Who knows, this creature might be, um, bisexual or something.
“These, um, these past twelve years, we’ve been through so much together. Ever since you pulled me out of hell, there’s been a pull between us.” Jensen swallows.
Cas slumps his shoulders a bit. The gesture makes his spine curve inwards, his legs lengthening as they stretch even further off the chair. His hands hang loosely off the wooden back, near touching the floor like the damn Creation of Adam.
Once he is completely sure that Cas is breathing steadily, Dean unlocks his phone again, and continues down the road so far.
“And I’m sorry it took me until now to say it,” Dean says, closing his eyes firmly. “I didn’t know. I didn’t
But Cas has already dropped his books and caught up to his side. Dean stiffens when Cas takes a hold of his arm.
Time goes by the normal speed, not tv-pacing, quick scene after quick scene. Jensen starts feeling a little anxious. He’s only got one day off before he needs to get back to filming!
Not her too? Does the whole friggin’ world think they’re a bunch of fruits? Two rabbits eager to exchange carrots?
Dean stares at the paper, scandalized. Who does this Ackles dude think he is? He wasn’t there! He just pretended to be for a tv show. Purgatory was scary and dangerous and there was no way he was gonna leave there without Cas. And when he found him, well, that was maybe the closest they’d ever been, but that’s like in war, isn’t it?
In some fics, you know, fake Dean, not to be confused with the real Dean, likes to order fake Cas around. And Cas loves it. (Sometimes it’s the other way around. He’s definitely bookmarked exactly zero of those.)
But Cas doesn’t repeat the question. The fallen angel’s just lying there, fully alert and awake next to him. Unlike Dean, who could totally fall asleep if he wanted to.
Very slowly, he turns around. He watches every muscle twitch in Cas’ face while he exposes himself fully.
Dean watches as Cas flinches for a fraction of a second. Way to go, Dean, sticking a whole finger in that wound. He just made things worse, as usual.
“Dean, who wrote that about me?” There’s a slight tremor in Cas’ voice as he stares at Dean’s stupid fucking phone.
“Dean,” Cas says, voice hoarse. He blinks up at him, still groggy, still vulnerable. Still beautiful.
Cas stood with his body pressed to the door, lurking through a crack. “False alarm. I was wrong, he’s not here after all.”
Typical. You can’t go on an angel cruise to Los Angeles (no relation to the Earth city) for three simple heaven days without Dean stumbling over his own shoelaces and dying. Cas represses a smile. Idiot.
Cas clears his throat, keeping his gaze firmly locked on the floor. “Dean… For what it’s worth…. I would give anything not to have you do this.”
It had been Jack’s idea. Why not welcome Dean to heaven with a surprise party? Once he died of old age, of course. But it was best to plan ahead. Cas had already had one meeting with Bobby, who’d raised his eyebrows and suggested a couple of beers on a porch instead. Blasphemy!
He gathers all his courage and lowers himself onto Cas’ body until his elbows are on either side of him, and their dicks - ohhhh god. Their dicks are actually
And if he puts his phone away finally at 4 in the morning, and decides on a quick wank, it’s just because it’ll be harder to sleep otherwise. He’s not thinking about Cas. In fact, he’s thinking about that reaper, she was kinda hot, wasn’t she? And Cas just happens to be in the shot.
He slowly moves his hand higher until he reaches Cas’ shoulder blades. Stopping at the spot he thinks Cas’ wings must have been.
Hell, Dean will grant that permission. He moves his right hand to the back of Cas’ head, combing his fingers through his hair reassuringly.
He totally underestimated the tense-ness of his body and how hard it is to keep up a pose. Even the very first one.
“Strong shake you got there, boy,” John says, turning to Dean with a short nod. “Who is this again?”
The entire tip of Dean’s dick is now fully exposed. And then, as he thrusts back up, he - oh, finally, finally - softly bumps himself into Cas’ stomach, slippery with precum. Cas lets out a feral moan. The angel pulls Dean down, grinding his hips with urgency and desperation.
Dean realizes that they’re on a ledge here, and one small movement from either of them will be the fall of them both. To something unknown, untraveled.
. Some sort of prude creature that caused the burning of a lot of religious images back in the 16th century.”
Dean sits up, back against the wall. His whole body is shaking. Cas is gone. Cas is gone, and the last thing he told him was he hated him.
What’s going on in that massive head of his? Sam’s smart as hell. He’s absolutely going to figure out something’s off about Dean soon.
The light in him is fading. It’s like watching a fish cruelly left on the shore, slowly struggling less and less against the suffocating air.
Just then more people started pouring into the roadhouse. The four of them turned around, their backs turned to a still passionately performing Kansas, to greet the guests.
Something tugs on Cas’s heart. Dean told John? Were his feelings nothing to Dean, just a casual conversation with his father?
Cas wondered how many women Dean had turned down in his life. Then realised with dread that probably Dean was such a ladies man he never turned any woman down.
There’s a certificate confirming the authenticity, and like, some weird cultish looking pamphlet. What is this, the Da Vinci Code? He tosses it aside. In a little vial, it’s the actual blood of actual Mother Teresa.
There’s a gurgling sound behind him. He looks over his shoulder, tears filling up his eyes as he watches a black oily goo drawing a shape on the wall.
That’s when Dean loses it. He grips Cas’ shoulders to keep himself steady. If the angel wants it hard, who is he to say no? He thrusts into Cas roughly, picking up speed, losing almost all sense of time and space.
Cas looks away. “Have some mercy. You’ve killed me a thousand times in my dreams already. Let me stay dead.”
“The nude modeling pays good. It’s honest money, Dean,” Cas continues. “Pastor Richard told me they even raised the cash payout, to 30 dollars per session!”
. Dangerously close to a rejection. Good thing he assumed Jimmy’s identity, Cas thinks. Extremely smart decision.
The angel stirs. He opens his eyes confusedly, and Dean forgets. He forgets Cas probably hates him. He forgets he’s supposed to be careful. He forgets himself.
Cas moves one hand up to the back of Dean’s neck, past the fabric of his t-shirt. Touching skin, rubbing it in circles like an unspoken yes, yes, more. A small jolt of pleasure runs through Dean’s entire body. Encouraged, electrified, Dean envelopes Cas’ entire nipple in his mouth, and slowly moves his tongue upward, then down again. This has a most delightful result. Underneath him, Cas is writhing. Good. Sensitive nipples, then. Dean can work with that.
Kevin sighed and slipped his helmet off. “I’m sorry Winchester,” he shot right back. “I just freaked!” Dean shook his head but let it go. He should have seen it coming. Kevin was new to all of this, he never played football before this year so Dean should have expected him to get scared. Dean shook all of those thoughts out of his mind. He couldn’t afford to get scared, he had to make sure that they won this game.
Holy fucking shit it was Dean, it was Dean and he was off to the corner with a guitar and his eyes were on Castiel. The Novak had bit his lip and he looked towards the girl. “What’s your name?” He asked as his eyes wandered over to Dean’s again, watching his fingers as they slowly started up the next song with a guitar riff.
“Green Eyes?” He asked breathlessly and his hand wrapped around both of their cocks, causing Castiel to tense and flail slightly. The blue eyed man wrapped around Green Eyes and he clawed at his back again. “I like it.” His lips were on Castiel’s again seconds later, hand stroking them down faster and causing Castiel to whimper.
“No that can’t be right, I mean his brother said that they just came into town,” he said, because he clearly remembered Sam telling him that.
Dean forced a smile and then looked at his brother. “We were about to get food, if you’d want to join us you’re more than welcome to,” he said, turning to face Charlie yet again. She was cute, but she wasn’t Dean’s type. Of course, Dean didn’t really know what his type was anymore. He just knew that Charlie was in fact not it. She smiled greatly and nodded, slipping her little note pad into her back pocket. “I wouldn’t put that away, we’re going to walk and talk.”
“Nice to meet you, but I’m going to go find a dance partner.” He smiled widely at the both of them and then walked off into the crowd of people dancing. Castiel hadn’t been paying any attention on who was singing even though he should have been. If he hadn’t have found someone to dance with, she had a nice smile and nice curves even though he would never go for that, then he probably would have left the floor and possibly the party. When the song had ended and the girl had successfully wrapped her arms around his neck they turned to look at the band.
“You smoke?” Dean asked, and suddenly Castiel remembered where he was, what was happening around them. Then remembered that this was not the time or place to be gawking at Dean Winchester. Soon, maybe, but not now. “Join me outside?”
“Please, for the sake of my sanity,” he said, swinging the bag over his shoulder. “Shut up.”Gabriel chuckled as Castiel walked past him.
“You do,” Dean replied quickly with a smirk. “But you’re an incredibly sexy nerd.” Castiel smiled and blushed before walking into the bathroom. Dean followed behind and Castiel looked up at him.
“Yeah, ever since I dropped Alistair I’ve been writing my stuff, what I wanted to sing,” Dean said, feeling a little proud in the album that he created. Ever since Sam had taken over Dean had been able to do as he please. As long as it didn’t involve Jack, Jim, or Jose. “So what I’ll be singing on stage tonight will be available in the record stores tomorrow.” Charlie smiled and she looked down, flipping through her pages again.
“I should’ve made Dean do it with me a few times,” Castiel said and chuckled, laying back down onto the windshield. “Ain’t it funny how the night moves?” He mumbled softly to himself, trying to calm himself from even saying Dean’s name.
“Its nice to know you like it,” he heard the other voice whisper. It was so low, so full of lust, and so deep. Castiel shivered and shook his head.
“We have talked,” Castiel said as he tapped his foot anxiously. He knew that was a lie, but what was he supposed to say? When he looked at Dean he didn’t want to talk, he just wanted to sit in silence because what they did over the weekend was something that was definitely wrong. He liked it and god it tore him up inside to say that he liked it. He wasn’t supposed to like it. He wasn’t supposed to think about the feeling of Dean’s lips on his own when he was in the shower, or when he was working on his Biology notes. Castiel is a fucking man and it made him absolutely sick to his stomach that he kept thinking about Dean like that.
“I’m not sure,” Dean replied with a small purse of his lips. “I mean it was sort of a bad fight. I think he’s still steaming.”
“So what was that book you were reading about?” She asked and Castiel looked at her, fixing his glasses.
“Just pretend I’m not here,” he said, already letting his eyes fall across the menu. Dean rolled his eyes a little bit.
“Let’s go to bed,” Castiel mumbled and Dean nodded, settling a little bit more as the thunder cracked in the night sky.
“Did you invite me to a dud of a party Clarence?” She asked as she pulled only one side of her mouth into a smile.
“What do we have to talk about? You said earlier today that this was just a fling, but now suddenly you get all pissed once you realize I’m going to college?” He said with a slight sneer. “Dean you didn’t even want to kiss me when we started this.”
“Okay, so what do you think I should do coach? Should I continue to throw? Maybe do a fake and run?” Dean asked as he looked towards Bobby. The older man shrugged his shoulders.
The next few evenings, Dean keeps going back to this weird archive site. He’s going to google soon where he can burn its servers like he’s putting a ghost to rest. Cause damn, those stories are haunting.
His mind keeps going back to Cas pouring his heart out. He keeps reliving how he destroyed Cas - and for what? Only for the Empty to take him anyway. Cas died thinking that Dean never even cared.
They haven’t had to use their free will against demons often. And if they do, it’s mostly easy cases. Nothing world altering or really life threatening. It’s been quite… well, Sam doesn’t like to call it boring. But sometimes he misses the thrill of it all.
Confusion joins the pain lining Cas’s face. Great. Jensen has broken the angel. They’ve officially lost the plot.
“I mean it, Dean. Ideally, Kevin and I get you on a track of sorts, so you have at least some idea of what you’re up against. Right now? You can’t do anything. Other than try to get some shuteye.”
Cas wiped his eyes with his wrists. He’d be fine. This was just a reaction to the music. Maybe Kansas
Cas locks his hand into Dean’s upturned palm, and allows his grace to flow through until it’s healed.
Until Dean swings his knife a little too freely and ends up giving himself a nasty cut in the thigh.
“I play the part of Dean Winchester in some sort of parallel universe,” Jensen quickly explains. “Um, we had this one episode called The French Mistake where Dean got zapped into our universe for a second by Balthazar and…”
ridiculous that Cas would even want to kiss him, and it’s just the type of move that trickster wanna-be would pull. Beats Sam’s herpes ad though.
“I just spent the equivalent of a lifetime dreaming in the Empty, Dean,” Cas frowns, looking up. “You know this.”
Dean’s died so many times. Been captured and tortured. He’s had to pull love-eyes at dogs. He’s been locked in a room with 20,000 bees. He’s crawled out of his own grave. He went to hell, to
“Dean, be reasonable. You drove all day, then all this. Your brain’s probably pretty fried now. We need you fresh and alert tomorrow.” Sam’s voice is slightly softer.
Dean’s dick twitches a little. It’s just aware it’s being seen, no matter who owns the eyes looking at it, Dean tells himself. It’s bound to respond. Only natural.
He walks up to one of the walls, where all the previous weeks’ drawings and paintings are on display. It’s a huge, disorganised collection showcasing various levels of artistry. And, well.
“I’m not homophobic!” He yells, scaring a few extras hanging around the set. They enter the makeup trailer, where two older women are awaiting them.
Leave some small part of Dean on Cas, lest anyone else try to look at what Dean’s realizing he only wants his own eyes to see.
Dean unhooks himself from Cas’ fingers and lifts his hand to Cas’ chin to gently push it up. Cas finally looks him in the eye. Dean is startled. There is a… vulnerability there. A fear.
Suddenly, it feels like a cold wind has engulfed Dean, leaving only his ears burning. No. This can’t be.
,” Jensen corrects, gulping. “You and Dean. Anyway, they fight the vamp mimes. He, um, becomes a human satay. He has the longest monologue in the history of film writing, and dies.”
“Cas, hear me out, please.” Jensen tries to think fast. “I’m —I wanted to talk to you. I’ve been praying to you, every night. I’m not sure why you haven’t come seen me but—”
It had been a shock to him the last time his eyes did… that…. when he told Dean he loved him. It was an even bigger surprise now. He shouldn’t be crying at Dean’s welcome party.
