"Suit yourself," Tony said. "I'm getting a drink, either way." He headed for the bar by one of the walls, leaving Steve to pick a seat on one of the brown leather sofas.
From where Steve was sitting, Tony's description sounded overly complicated, with many details that could easily go wrong. "Hold on a moment there," he said, raising a hand for emphasis. "I thought you knew the location of the backups already. Do you still need to time the viral strike with the download for some reason? Couldn't we kidnap Stane in his current clone and combine steps one and three?"
"Funny, that. So am I. Do you happen to know someone named Simon? He's supposed to be a regular here," Steve tried.
Heedful of the cuts and bruises, Steve ran a hand up Tony's back to comb his fingers soothingly through his hair. "I'm right here," he said. "Will you come with me? Back to the real world?"
Over the next forty-eight hours, Steve sleeps too much, and Tony doesn't sleep at all.
"Yes. It won't be easy," Pepper said. "The good thing is, I think Stane wants to avoid involving SHIELD if he can. So far, he hasn't even contacted them about the earlier murders. I think he suspects Tony's behind them, and he doesn't want SHIELD to know about it."
"I swear I had nothing to do with that," Hammer said, his glass still raised. "I've told you already. If I wanted to kill you, I wouldn't be so brutal about it."
"Right, yeah, I haven't," Steve said.
"I don't know what we should say," Steve replied honestly. "I want Stane to get his dues, and I want everyone to know about what happened. I don't like walking away and letting the bad guys off the hook. But I know that if we follow the official channels, there's a risk I'll end up spending another fifteen years on ice."
"I got where I am by being smarter than him," Stane returned sharply, pointing his forefinger at Tony. "Tony Stark," he spat out the name, eyes on the motionless figure in the chair, "would've wasted the company's resources in a futile fight for some utopian future. It might've taken longer, but he'd have ended up exactly where he is now, either way: a penniless nobody. I did everyone a favor by taking him down before he could wreck Stark Interplanetary."
Tony chuckled. "Of course you wouldn't. So, I suppose this means you'd like us to be more than friends, then?"
Steve frowned. That didn't sound familiar at all. "I don't know her."
Maybe he should let Tony go and talk to Maya, but be there as well, to observe what happened, and step in if necessary. Now that he thought about it, that seemed like the best course of action. He'd need to go home to change into his costume, but he could get to the Lower East Side and from there to Red Hook in less than an hour.
"I don't think so," Steve growled at him.
Tony wonders what he'd do if he were forced to choose between his own life and shutting down JARVIS for good. He likes to think he'd be willing to die for JARVIS if it ever came to that, but he's not sure if he'd be that brave.
"No idea. We weren't on particularly friendly terms with them."
"That couldn't have been easy, putting a bomb in your limo. I'm sure you've got meticulous safety measures," Steve said.
Bucky sat through the rest of the dinner making awkward small talk and avoiding the topic of his troublesome prisoner. Afterwards, he retreated to the room he shared with three other young resistance members even more unsure of what to do than he had been before meeting the Mayor.
"Unfortunately, I can't tell you anything about them, either," Pepper said.
In the early afternoon, he comes across a herd of caribous—or some animals that resemble those, anyway. He's extremely tempted to stop and try to figure out a way to hunt down one of them. He can think of several designs for a trap, but they would take time to implement, and he really doesn't want to spend another day out here. He sighs and keeps going, leaving the animals to continue their grazing undisturbed.
As he starts his way up the side of the highest hill, the sun is getting closer to the horizon, signaling that the day grows late. With dusk, cooler temperatures will soon follow. He can see some clouds gathering in the distance.
"Thanks, but I think the floor looks extremely inviting," Tony returned curtly. The look on his face was mildly hostile, in line with his voice, and yet, somehow, Steve was sure Tony was more anxious than angry. So sure, he felt his own heart beat faster in response.
They'd just reached the end of a long day on the trail, snuggling close in a shared sleeping bag, when a change in Tony's tone broke through the dream and beckoned Steve back to wakefulness.
"Don't think you can fool me. I can tell you've been up to something," Ultron said.
Peggy was eyeing Steve with a very serious look. "Do you trust me, Captain?"
"Not me! This wasn't me!" Hammer yelled back, shaking his head, his eyes wide behind his glasses.
Something Tony realized early on was that there'd be some serious cognitive dissonance involved if he went around alternatively posing in armor and waving a pink flag for soulmate pride. Iron Man was very much one of the good guys and certainly supported peace, love and happiness in all shapes and forms, but he did also make stuff blow up a lot. Iron Man wasn't the ideal poster boy for Stark Industries' new Amoromics division—another neologism that had become common use and that Tony struggled to pronounce with a straight face. Tony had already gone and told the world he was Iron Man, and couldn't take that back even if he wanted to. Besides, he didn't want to. He loved being Iron Man.
With a loud crash, the gates flew open, right off their hinges, as a large ceratopsian dinosaur—male, guessing by the coloring of his crest—barged through. In his wake followed a dozen other, smaller dinosaurs; Steve could spot sharp-clawed dromaeosaurs, ostrich-like ornithomimosaurs, and a dog-sized
"No," Stark replied without turning his eyes from whatever he was doing.
Tony had crossed the room to the desk and picked up the call. "Ed here, what is it?"
From the moment he'd woken up in this frame, he'd felt like he was handling a tool made with a single purpose in mind. This was a military frame, one meant to excel in combat. It even looked intimidating, with the rough-hewn features adding to the imposing build.
With that, he vanished into thin air, leaving Steve alone in the quiet virtual bedroom, still tied to the bed. He felt like he'd been rescued in the nick of time, even though he was no closer to getting out than he'd been earlier. He tugged at the ropes binding his wrists. As soft and comfortable as they were against his skin, they also felt as unyielding as the earlier metal shackles. Depending on the parameters of the scenario, it was entirely possible they were impossible to break, no matter what he did.
"He—he did what," he stammered, feeling like he'd been punched in the gut, the wind knocked out of him. "You can do that? Tony, is that true?" Steve's fingers clenched around Tony's forearm so tightly it had to be painful, but Tony barely seemed to notice.
The other thug woke up a moment later, and Steve questioned him as well, but all he got was a reluctant confirmation of the first one's description of the events. Neither of them had any clue as to where Tony might currently be, and they refused to tell him who they worked for. Despite his earlier promise not to, Steve considered dragging them to the police precinct for safekeeping, but the truth was, he didn't have anything on them, so he decided to let them go.
Whichever way he looked at his situation, what he really needed was local knowledge.
"Steve," he said, and then more insistently, "Steve? Steve!" But it wasn't Tony's voice anymore, it was higher in pitch.
Tony made an unhappy face at the mention of the people who threatened the centuries of peace on Dinotopia. "Eh, they don't usually risk venturing so far inland. I'd be more worried about the carnivores inhabiting the Basin, if I were you—or if I were a Northerner, really. That's their territory, and it takes skill to negotiate with them. They're as smart as the rest of the dinosaurs, but those old predatory instincts are strong."
"Yeah, oh, yeah, gold star," Tony replied breathlessly.
"Is it me?" Steve suggested playfully.
There was pain.
"Not really," Tony admitted. He let his hands fall to his lap so he could face Steve.
Beneath the ice-cold skin, a faint pulse taps against Steve's fingertips. It's no wonder that he missed it earlier, because it's terribly slow, the pauses between beats stretching out for several seconds, but it's there, nevertheless.
"You think I'm worried about the plans of a handful of street-level vandals?" Stane asked, clearly unconcerned and unconvinced.
"You'll pay us a visit every now and then, right?" Steve asked hopefully.
The awful truth was, with the best simulations being as perfect as they were, there was no trick to it, no way to know for sure what was virtual and what wasn't, not without outside interference or some lucky, revealing flaw in the scenario. If Steve thought about it too hard, he might end up doubting everything, too. Who was to say that any of what he'd experienced in this future was real? For all he knew, he might be in some simulation set up by Hydra. But there was no point in dwelling on that.
The last thing he saw before he passed out was Tony's cruel smirk.
He thought back to the last things he could remember: the mission in the Amazon with the slimy abomination, Tony pushing him out of its way, both of them ending up in quarantine, where—
"No, no! Some of it? Maybe?" Bruce said sheepishly as he put his glasses on his nose again. "But, you know, it wasn't your fault. You may be an asshole, but none of what happened was your fault."
After that, he allowed Steve to help him across and settle him on the floor between seats, leaning against the fuselage. “You’ll feel better once we get some ice packs on those bruises," Steve assured him. "I just need to know the details of what we’re dealing with."
"Why, though? And why now?" Steve asked.
"I couldn't say, really. The party was the first time I saw him since he got back," Jan replied.
This seemed important, as well, but he was too tired to figure it out.
Steve stared at the phone in his hand, with the nagging feeling that there had been something wrong about the whole conversation. It took him a while to realize what it was.
Tony blew out a breath, his shoulders sagging. "God. I'm so glad to hear that. I thought she must've drowned."
Tony got no warning for the gunshot; just the loud bang, all too close, and right after, a pain that slammed into his right knee, making his leg buckle under his weight. But as he fell, he saw Fedora drop his gun, flames flickering along his arm, and then one of the crates close to him erupted into fire, and suddenly, everything was ablaze.
"Should've put you on mute," Tony grumbles, but sets down the screwdriver and goes see where the fire is.
********************
"Yes, yes," Tony muttered, entirely distracted by the sight of Steve hurrying towards him across the campsite, as perfect as ever. With the sunlight making his hair look even more golden than usual, he was the most stunning thing Tony had seen in ages.
Jarvis stopped at the top of the stairs—which brought them to a cozy common area with couches, embroidered pillows and wall tapestries—to cast a glance at Steve from beneath his bushy eyebrows. "We've started, yes, but let's just say you should definitely unpack that rucksack. Pepper and Natasha will need several more days to get here. The last I heard, they were all the way south on the Dragonfly Coast. Besides, we can't set out without knowing where we're going, and I don't know where to start. Most of the northern seaboard is under the Northerners' control, and even the Plains are something of a no man's land."
Steve next to him. Steve's concern. Steve's heartbeat matching his.
Tony sighs, pressing his head against the shower tiles. What a mess.
"You're still here," Tony tells him.
"Noted," Steve says, but he still seems unimpressed. "I just find that with her qualifications, she should have work with challenges to match. It makes more sense."
"Maybe not, and yet." Tony sighed, turning the empty mug around in his hands. It was completely unfair that he'd made it through the whole mess with nothing worse than bruises. "Maya's dead, Happy's still in the hospital, and Pepper's not a fan of her newly acquired superpowers."
"I'll live," Rhodey said gloomily. "But I don't know about Tony. Stane's got him."
They reached the one hundredth floor, where they had to switch elevators. Again, there was no one else around. Steve didn't resist as one of the drones pressed a cannon arm between his shoulder blades and the other led the way to the next car that'd take them all the way up to Stane's residential floors.
"So, If you're the resistance and you're trying to fight them, what can I do to help?" Bucky asked.
almost desperate about is the hunger, but first things first. There's a reason he spent the night up here.
Maybe he'd been going about this the wrong way, still thinking of their old plan and the need to keep it covert and hidden from SHIELD.
"Reporting for duty, sir," Ultron's voice rang in the air, and each of the drones raised their cannon-arms in a salute, perfectly synchronized.
The next few days passed in a haze that was less pain and more sorrow than the previous ones. His misery over his own grievous injury and his bottomless sadness for losing Steve merged into something so overpowering that he didn't know if he'd ever get over it.
"I hadn't really seriously considered this, but—he was missing for some time, and we don't really know what happened during that period. If someone did something to him, if he's no longer himself but under someone else's control—" she trailed off, like the thought was too appalling to finish. Steve could feel her arm trembling. "Something like that happened to his father. They turned him into someone else. Someone evil."
"Yes, I am," Steve said once more. "I'll prove it to you. I know things no construct would know."
"No, I get it now," Steve cut him short. "Clearly, it's more complicated than I thought."
In response, Iron Man squeezed Steve's nipples harder, enough to make him squirm and throw his head back, gasping with pleasure. With the sudden movement, his head ended up next to Iron Man's, their cheeks touching. Instantly, Iron Man let go with one hand, and brought it up to cover Steve's eyes. They had been closed, anyway.
"It's not a permanent solution," Tony said, opening his arms, then clasping his hands behind his back, still giving a decidedly anxious impression. "Just something I wanted to try out, since I had the chance. Obie had asked for a set of new clones, and it just happened that they hadn't yet matured to the age he usually went for. And it kind of felt like the thing to do. Because of, you know, this whole unfinished thing between us." He released his hands again to wave one of them in the air between them.
He hadn't come here looking for a fight, and he didn't want to hurt anyone, but it was starting to look unavoidable. His opponent was between him and the door, and he had to get out. He dropped the bar stool, backed away to avoid another lash of a clawed hand, and pulled out the projectile gun.
They stayed like that for a long while, Steve resting against Iron Man. He could feel Iron Man's chest rise and fall behind his back, and Iron Man's hand was gently caressing his side. He didn't want to move, didn't want this moment to end, but he knew it would, inevitably, like all dreams and fairytales did.
They stayed like this, in silence, for a moment that stretched on. Resting against Tony's side, wrapped in the blanket, Steve felt more warm and cozy than he would've thought possible in these gloomy passages. The quiet surrounding them didn't feel half as oppressive when he could hear the whisper of Tony's breathing next to his face and feel the soft thrum of the repulsor pump under his palm.
Hulk caught him in mid-air and deposited him on the ground, and Thor wrenched off his faceplate to reveal Tony's pale and lifeless face.
Shocked, Bucky sat back, hands falling on his lap. "What?" he blurted out.
He could handle this. Tony's life depended on it.
Everything would be so much easier if he could recruit James to help him. What he'd seen of the young man made him hopeful about that. James clearly wasn't a bully like Rumlow or many of the other Northerners; he didn't take any joy in ordering Tony around. The impression Tony had gotten was that James was new here and was trying very hard to fit in and do the right thing. Unfortunately, with the completely skewed description of Dinotopia that the Northerners had given him, there was no way James could make an informed decision about right and wrong. And worse yet, since he'd been told over and over not to listen to Tony, he wasn't receptive to Tony's point of view.
"Captain is fine, or Cap, if you prefer that," Steve said, still smiling, and leaned a little closer to her, one hand on the counter. "I'm looking for someone, actually. A man who goes by Ed, or maybe Edward, and might be wearing coveralls. Dark hair, blue eyes, with a beard and a moustache."
"All right, I'll take it from here," Tony said.
Steve leaned his hands on the edge of the chaise longue in anticipation, his legs prickling with gooseflesh where Tony was touching him. One of Tony's hands moved to touch his cock, as cautious as he'd been when touching himself earlier, entirely different from the confidence Steve remembered from the past. He was desperate for more, but he knew he'd set himself up to be teased, what with that promise he'd given, so he just gave a needy groan instead of a more direct request.
"Is it? From where I'm standing, it's yet another example of you being a condescending jerk, assuming you know what's best for everyone without bothering to ask what they think. Well, let me tell you what I think: I've had enough of it, and I've had enough of you," Tony snaps at him.
Tony was hammering out a dent from a shoulder plate, courtesy of his most recent mission, when Rhodey called. Since Rhodey was on the very short list of people whose calls he actually tended to take, he picked it up right away.
Tony straddled Steve's thighs again. He used one hand to push Steve down by the chest while the other went for the lube. With all his attention on Tony, Steve had been starting to soften, but a few brisk, rough strokes of Tony's lubed fist quickly brought him back to his impressive full hardness again.
"You spoke to Maya?" Tony asked, like he couldn't believe his ears. "She's okay?"
That did make sense. It might also explain why Stane had banned Steve from accessing the lower levels: Stane had guessed that if Tony was alive, he'd be hiding close to the street levels, and had been worried that he'd try to contact Steve. But Steve still didn't know what they were getting at. "How does all this relate to figuring out the details of his backups?"
"I lost it in the crash," Bucky explained. He felt more self-conscious about it than he'd ever been before.
Steve should seek out the fisherman, ask for his phone and roam the hills until he finds a place where he can get a connection, but he doesn't feel ready. Telling someone else what has happened would somehow make it more concrete. He settles on a mattress next to Tony, his back against a sturdy wooden support beam.
Steve covered his mouth with his hand. It was as if he could still feel the ghost of Tony’s lips on his, the scratch of Tony’s beard against his own chin, which was clean-shaven now that he’d been reinstated. The worst thing was, he couldn’t remember much after that. They’d definitely kissed. Then, there were flashes of memories, of hands touching olive skin speckled with dark hair, but it faded into nothing.
"You really care for him so much you'd bargain your freedom to buy him a little more time?" Stane spoke up, standing right behind Steve now. "He'd be lucky to last longer than a few days, weeks at best, even if I were to take your deal."
"Not to mention that the crew we've got for implementing this plan is currently gathered in this room. Hardly optimal," Rhodey said regretfully.
Tony shifted to face Steve properly, still keeping his curled-up position, holding on to his knees with his hands. He shook his head. "You think I'll fall for that? I know you're not real. Hydra has you. Just like Obie has me. Trapped for all eternity."
The NYPD had graciously offered Steve a temporary office within their headquarters at 240 Centre Street that he could use for the duration of this investigation. Bucky's current job was to sit there by a radio receiver, listening in on emergency traffic to keep a close ear on reports of any unusual fires anywhere in the city. This was how they'd caught the warehouse fire on the previous day.
"That's kind of the plan," Tony said, caressing Steve's thigh. "You know, I'm not usually into this kind of thing, but I might enjoy it anyway."
"Which would suggest someone close to you," Steve suggested.
In place of the regret and sadness Steve had felt before Iron Man had showed up, there was now bright joy and hopefulness.
"I wasn't planning on it. They caught me," Steve explained. "I promised to help them if I could. They were hoping I could convince Tony to join their cause, but they didn't know Tony isn't really Tony. If they understood the actual situation, I'm sure they'd help us. Everyone could benefit from an alliance."
In fact, the food was delicious, even if the service was rude. As he ate, he still kept a close eye on the room, watching every newcomer to see if any of them might head to that locked door, but none did. Try as he might, he didn't come up with a strategy for how to gain any useful information about Simon from here. Walking up to the table of any of the parties that were just minding their own business and having dinner would've brought too much attention to him. Going by how the waiter was treating him, he didn't expect to get any answers from him, either.
Five minutes later, Steve waved good-bye to Bucky at the door, and headed out the way he'd come, back on his bike, and straight to the site of the fire.
The weapon touched his temple, and everything flared up in electric agony again, his body convulsing on the concrete, but this time, it only lasted for seconds. Then, there was nothing.
"Yes. And now she's a citizen of Dinotopia, like all the rest of us, and I think she's happy there," Steve said. "I'm sure you will be, too."
At first, Steve wondered if he'd misunderstood the code, because that didn't make any sense. He found himself staring at his extended pinky finger, considering for the first time what a bizarre way of communicating this was, when it struck him what Tony was trying to tell him.
"Would it bother you if I were?" Tony had come to a stop next to Steve, and was now peering at the stasis box over his shoulder. "Aw, you're cute. Is that why you come here? To admire yourself from an outside perspective?"
It's been months since Tony last set eyes on Steve, back in Siberia, when everything went to hell. Steve has changed during the time he's spent as a fugitive, his all-American perfection giving way to a dark-dyed costume and a scraggly beard that shouldn't look good, and yet, he still manages to pull it off. Of course he does. That doesn't make Tony any less annoyed at seeing him. More than annoyed, though, he's confused.
Finally, to Bucky's profound relief, Stark began to stir, coughing, his eyelids fluttering—and then, he rasped out the very last word Bucky would've expected to hear.
Steve was still nowhere in sight when Tony returned to the campsite, and he didn't mind having that additional time to try and clear his head. He had the fire going again and water boiling for their brew when Steve exited the tent, then disappeared into the woods right away for his wash-up and other morning routines.
Tony stopped in his tracks. "Yeah, surprisingly, turns out knowing that I'm responsible for a murderbot that threatens to take over the world isn't a cure for insomnia." Steve couldn't make out his face in the dim light, but he could picture the expression easily enough, going by the sardonic tone.
"Oh, a challenge! I accept!" Tony exclaimed. He took the head of Steve's cock in his mouth to suck on it hard, his cheeks hollowing out.
"Not that it wasn't good before, but this is amazing." Tony shifted his hands to the back of Steve's head and pulled him into a violent kiss that made Steve's lips tingle.
Jarvis raised his bushy eyebrows, but Steve couldn't say whether he was surprised at the question because it was so unexpected, or because it did mean something to him. "Of course it does. They were one of the most advanced Mesoamerican cultures. What does that have to do with anything?"
"Well, what do you think?" Tony asked, loosening his hold, his hands resting on Steve's arms, his eyes going from Steve's face to his body. "Cost almost as much as a proper clone, but well worth it, I think. All the latest enhancements. You'd be hard-pressed to find anyone with an organic fake stronger or faster than yours."
"I reconsidered," Iron Man said. "Now, I'm going to take off my helmet. I need you to promise you won't try to look."
It often occurs to him how much more time and energy he seems to be spending on regret over this android, compared to his regret over all the human lives that his weapons cut short, and that turns it all into a spiral that leaves him feeling nauseous with disgust over himself. Everything's wrong about this. Why does he care so much about that machine? What does it matter that his hands were the ones to take it apart, when he has the blood of thousands of people on them as well?
There was a flash of surprise in Jarvis's eyes, like he hadn't anticipated Steve to pick up on that name. "It is. She's an old friend of Tony's, since they were kids." He paused, his eyes on Steve, and his look shifted to a scowl. When he went on, it was in a different tone, one that was bordering on defensive. "For the record, if you're imagining these fires might link Tony to some kind of a passion crime, you're barking up the wrong tree. He may be a ladies' man on paper, but reality's a little more complicated."
It was a terrifying thought, not having any control over what you were doing, and having to piece it together afterwards. "I know something about learning to accept big changes, about becoming someone different and having to rethink your entire life, but what I've faced has been much easier than what you're struggling with," Steve said. "It must be scary."
Tony has no quick, witty reply to that. Instead, he just breathes a soft "huh," his brow furrowed.
He picked up the phone again to call Fury, but he wasn't going to say he'd accept the job. He was going to ask about taking that soulmate matching test, so he could know for sure.
He should've seen this coming. He'd been taught about this kind of thing in his training. Too much exposure to realistic VR would leave anyone questioning the world around them. Even with the superficial memory modifications that kept him functional, Tony would remember enough of what he'd been through over the decades to give him a bad case of such doubts.
Tony shook his head. "Doesn't ring a bell, sorry."
His armor quickly grows from a flurry of ideas into an exciting prototype, and he loves everything about it. He can
Steve held on to Tony's hips as he guided Steve in with practiced skill. Pressure and warmth encompassed the length of him, and Steve felt his breath catch at the thrill of it. Even though he'd done this countless times before, he hadn't done it in this particular body, so it still felt like a first time, unfamiliar, exciting; this could well be the first time anyone had used this frame for sex, so it might be the first time in every sense.
“JARVIS isn’t infallible or all-knowing,” Steve said. It had been reassuring to hear the AI declare that Tony’s injuries weren’t severe, because JARVIS wouldn’t hesitate to say so if he suspected that, but Steve still wanted to see for himself. Just to put his mind to rest.
It's probably a bad sign that his feet aren't hurting as much as yesterday. Something to do with diminished circulation to the extremities. Even though he knows it's not good, he's still glad for the relief that it offers. He tries to hurry ahead at the fastest pace he can manage, not quite a jog but at least a brisk walk, attempting to build up some body heat. Unfortunately, what he gains is quickly lost again. The rain soaks his clothing, and together with the wind chill, it leeches all warmth out of him.
He knew they couldn't.
He'd hoped that this conversation would dispel the doubts Stark had raised in him, but they remained as strong as ever. He thought of Stark's words about how the actions of Bucky's new friends were not those of good people, and of how callously the Mayor had brushed aside Bucky's concerns for Stark. Again, he thought of Steve, and tried to imagine what Steve would've done in her place. He knew Steve would've been suspicious of Stark, just as the Mayor was, but he would probably also have wanted to make sure he wasn't putting Stark's life at risk.
Natasha gave him a tight-lipped smile. "All right. Just be careful. I'll keep you updated while you're under." She stepped up to him to help him attach the electrodes to his scalp.
He knew why she was being so cautious and reluctant about this: since the tracker was on his node, any attempts to tamper with it wouldn't be very good for him. In the worst case, he could end up trapped in this frame. Theoretically, in the vanishingly rare case of node damage in an otherwise intact frame, it was possible to re-map the brain onto a new node, but that was just about the most expensive medical procedure in existence. Not something he'd have access to as a fugitive.
His last coherent thought before falling into restless nightmares was that it might've been better if Rumlow had just wiped him.
Steve didn't go to him right away, but walked to the bar first. He ordered two beers and carried them over to Tony's table.
"That's craftsmanship," Tony said, his voice awed and husky. "Full mechanical functionality but no fluids, right?"
Tony made an amused hum. "Flatterer. It really feels like much longer than that. The plan for the trip was to climb the mountains in search of a lost city of the Incas, which was said to contain priceless treasures. We were our way towards the starting point of our ascent, driving in a Jeep along a winding road through the foothills with a few locals we had hired to guide us, when suddenly, bang! The front tires blew up, just like that, first one, then the other. It was a struggle to keep the car on the road.
“And leave mini-me in the pet shop where any irresponsible hoodlum could buy him? No way! These are unique individuals. They will  keep you company while I’m away on my trip, and I expect you to take good care of them,” Tony explained. He seemed dead serious, his upper body raised off the ground so he could gesture with his cute little hands.
Steve sighed. So much for talking to Tony as soon as possible. Maybe he should've ignored his manners and showed up at sunrise, after all. "I guess I'll just have to wait until tomorrow, then, and hope he's less busy. How about you? I have a few more questions about the fire. Are you in a hurry?"
Steve grinned at him, ever so slightly smug. "I suspected you might, at least until you're all settled in."
"But you got away," Steve said.
Holding his breath, half expecting there to be an army of guards waiting for him behind it, Bucky pushed the door open.
"You'll probably be asked for an in-depth report afterwards, since it's the first time we're taking one of these into the field," she said.
"No, it's fine, I can handle it." Bucky tried his best not to sound too rushed with his reply. He knew that if she assigned someone else as Stark's keeper, Bucky would have lost his best opportunity to learn more about the rest of Dinotopia—and if Stark wasn't lying, he might die. Bucky didn't trust anyone else to spare much thought to his well-being.
He's never been one for fishing—just like he's never cared for the outdoors in general—but none of it seems too complicated. In the end, all this survival business comes down to practical thinking.
A few people raised their hands, but unfortunately, no one could offer any more details; they'd all been too far away. The place where the man had supposedly hit the ground was right in the middle of where the firemen were currently working, so now wasn't a good time to investigate that, but since the crowd had provided him with what information they had, perhaps it was the time to go and talk to the authorities.
Tony wiped off the saliva with his free hand. "Very cute, Steve. Maybe I should take out your tongue for that, or your lips." He slid the blade upwards over Steve's chin until one sharp edge rested over Steve's lips like a shushing forefinger. "It'd make talking difficult for you, but if you're not going to say anything anyway, it wouldn't really matter. Maybe you'd feel more talkative in the next scenario then, huh?" A slight added pressure and a quick shift of the blade, and it cut through Steve's lower lip, stinging at the sensitive skin. The taste of blood filled his mouth.
“I’m sorry, but the quarantine protocols are for your safety as well as everyone else’s,” Bruce told Tony and Steve from the other side of the glass, hands held up defensively. “Whatever that substance was, we need to keep you both isolated and under observation until we know if it has any infectious properties.”
Steve opened the metal cover protecting the sunstone. Underneath, the stone was a dull dark green, almost black. Steve had never seen it like that. It was terrifying, just like the awful stillness of Tony's chest.
“Can you understand what they’re saying?” Steve changed the subject.
The next morning, when Steve woke up to a chime followed by Ultron's cheerful voice telling him that Tony would like to meet him in an hour, he felt slightly embarrassed by his earlier defeatist thinking. He wasn't going to give up. That wasn't who he was. Some of his people were still out there. He'd be damned if he didn't do everything in his power to find them again. If he needed to play private detective for Tony in order to get there, he would. He'd deal with this case as fast as he could, and then get started on what was truly important.
He buried his face in his hands. He wanted to scream out his despair; he felt on the verge of tears, at the end of his rope. He had no idea what to do next.
There were still no drones in sight, neither on the streets nor in the air. Were they somehow banned from the lowest floors? Was that why Tony had been so fixated on keeping him above the 50th? Whatever the explanation, he wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. This meant that he still had a chance of staying free.
"I'd like some answers, first," Steve said.
Steve stood up, his eyes searching the surroundings and fixating on Bucky.
"And it worked," Steve said.
Tony still sounded unconvinced. "If you didn't, then why are you apologizing?"
"The one and the same," Fury confirmed. "Howard's son Tony took over from him. I'm sure you'll be crossing paths with him sooner or later."
Steve was on the island. Steve was alive.
"The last time you tried to get up didn't go too well," Bucky pointed out. The wave of fear he'd felt when Stark had collapsed was still fresh in his mind. He was pretty sure Stark had actually stopped breathing for a moment, and Bucky had thought it was all over. He would do everything he could to avoid a repeat occurrence. "I'll give you a lift."
"She?" For a moment, there was a flash of hope: maybe it would be Peggy. Maybe his friends at SHIELD had come out on top, after all. But Peggy would never have done something like this to him. Maybe it would be the interrogator that he vaguely remembered instead.
"He is? Huh," Tony said, raising his eyebrows. "So much for keeping the whole thing covert, I guess."
Tony gave him a wide grin, no doubt enjoying Steve's flabbergasted expression. "You going to come in, or just stand there looking like a fish out of water?"
Steve left the stall wearing a pleather bomber jacket a couple of sizes too big. In one of its pockets sat the chip that the mannequin woman swore contained the money she'd promised him: a round, plain plastic circle that looked like something out of a casino. He glanced at the street around him and at the traffic above. He'd probably spent at least ten minutes on the trade, and there was still no sign of drones. Was there a chance there was no tracker on his frame after all? That seemed too good to be true.
The other drones reacted a second later. When they did, the room instantly turned into a war zone. Still on the floor, Steve didn't have a good view of it, but Tony's drones launched into a counter-attack, and the rest of Hammer's drones joined the fray. The air filled with the smell of ozone and the glow of blaster and repulsor fire.
Steve squinted at her, and replied with a small nod.
Everything went black.
"Got that in one," Tony said. "I'm also quite good at breaking them, if necessary."
"Are you insane?" Tony said.
Letting go of Tony's hand, Steve stood up to face Stane again. "Tony Stark is a better man than you could ever be. You're the only pathetic loser in this room, Obadiah Stane," he said, pronouncing the full name loud and clear. "Everything you have, you got using his name, his face, and his skills and knowledge which you exploited over the years when you held him captive."
Had Natasha gotten him out? How had she even known Steve was in trouble?
"So, will Stark be free to go around the town now?" Bucky quickly changed the topic.
Of course, Steve wasn't alone in being earthbound. Only a minority of the city's inhabitants were actively working pilots, and most places were accessible by foot, if one could figure out the correct route. Luckily, Steve had skilled local guides in Sam, his family and friends. Together with them, he spent several days exploring the city, admiring the countless rock carvings and graceful bridges and cathedral-like galleries, and once he felt like he'd seen enough for one day, there were concerts to listen to and flight displays to see, and many amicable family dinners in the evenings.
"I know it's unfair of me to say this, but I'm going to miss you," Tony noted, lingering by the bathroom door wearing nothing more than a towel around his waist.
"Cows have horns too," Bucky noted.
"He's originally a combat model, but for now, we'll just see how this goes," Tony adds, on the off chance that Rhodey might know more about military androids and have some information concerning Steve's enigmatic background.
He'd never know how it felt to have a soulmate, and how all those descriptions he'd read held up to reality, not past the reluctant glimpses of shared feelings he'd experienced. He'd never know how it would've felt to hold Tony close and feel their bodies and minds fall into step with one another.
Randall wrapped a blanket over Steve's shoulders. He didn't mind, though it didn't help either.
It would definitely be the smartest, most prudent thing to do. If they hurried away now, they'd be able to disappear into the night. But in doing so, they'd probably lose any chance of using this same entrance later, because the Northerners would increase their defenses.
"Knowing you, he probably would've escaped and taken down a bunch of bad guys while doing so," Tony guesses, then leans back on the couch and sighs. "Look, if you're trying to make me feel better—"
Steve scans the surroundings once more. As he thought, aside from the outhouse behind the hut, there are no other buildings nearby. It's only when he walks up to the lakeshore that he spots a lone tent around a quarter of a mile away. It's set up next to a thicket of bushes, its camo green color blending into the landscape.
He can't find the energy to stand anymore, so he tries to crawl ahead on his hands and knees. It's frustratingly slow, and he's not sure what the point is, anymore.
After relieving himself, Tony made his way to the nearby stream to wash his face and hands. The icy water woke him up further and rinsed away any lingering foolish hope and yearning. Steve had no feelings for him, and never would. Not if the mere idea of closeness with another man, the thought of that three-piece set of his pressed against Tony, had left Steve so disgusted. That Tony would even entertain daydreams of getting his hands on it was distasteful, perverted. He shouldn't think of Steve like that.
Steve pulled off Tony’s remaining gauntlet as gently as he could to avoid hurting Tony’s injured wrist. Even though Tony was clearly doing his best not to show the pain he was in, Steve could still notice how his expression grew tighter, the frown lines on his brow deeper.
If he said yes, though, he might get to the bottom of this case much sooner than with any other approach. He might even spot that mysterious artifact, which he supposed Tony would be carrying on his person, if it was so dangerous.
"No actual day job, then?" Tony asked, frowning.
After the days he'd spent listening to Ultron's scornful voice, the perfectly neutral tone of the cab AI was soothing. "Good day. Where would you like to go?"
Pepper kept walking, her hands held up. "Rhodey, it's just us," she said.
"Well, you should read this one," Rhodey said, sounding even more serious than usual. "You might want to sit down when you do."
"Fine!" Steve barks, his hands raised in fists. Tony does his best not to shrink back, even if the look is undeniably intimidating. At the back of his mind, he sees Steve crouched over him, shield raised. "You want to get rid of me? You want to deal with everything yourself?" Steve goes on. "Fine. Have it your way. Enjoy the outdoors, Stark."
, he repeats to himself once more, and puts his hands on the android's chest to feel around for switches that must be there. He's not been up close and personal with any of the more recent models CyberLife has put out, but he doesn't expect the basics to have changed too much.
"No, you don't get it, Tony. I'm dangerous. I shouldn't be here. I thought I would be different, but I was wrong. I'm not. I'm just like the others." There's something in Steve's voice that Tony can only describe as a note of panic.
Steve is an asshole and Tony is better off without him. He can find his way back to civilization on his own.
"Sure. Thanks," Steve said, staring after her, still baffled, as she hurried out of the room.
"I was wondering how he figures into all of this. Do you think he's in league with Hydra?" Steve asked. The very idea sounded utterly wrong to his ears. Even if Tony had had his character flaws, he never would’ve joined ranks with those villains—but Steve couldn't claim to know him that well anymore. Maybe he would, now.
"I think he's going to be okay," said the older and shorter of the two black men Bucky had spotted among Steve's friends. He'd crouched next to Tony and Steve on the ground and taken a good look at the mysterious gem embedded in Tony's chest. "Jarvis knows more than I do, so I suggest we continue to the camp."
Things he's designed have already killed far too many people; he really doesn't want to be responsible for more.
Tony chuckles and shakes his head. "Have I told you that you're amazing yet? I feel like I haven't. Steve, you're incredible."
Since Steve was the best trained at first aid, the task of seeing to Rhodey's injuries had fallen to him, which left Pepper and Happy struggling to get him out of the armor. Normally, it would release automatically, Rhodey had told them, but the mechanism had been fused by the hits he'd taken, leaving them with no choice but a slow manual process.
Steve blew lightly against Tony's belly, and then trailed his lips upwards, over his ribs, while also running his nails lightly over Tony's back. He licked at a nipple as he passed, making Tony squirm and let out a whine—and then, disappointingly, nudge him away by the shoulder.
"As long as it's good down here, I don't care. But if you're lying to me, I'll come back and find you." Steve gave her his most menacing glare.
Wide awake now, Tony gets up. He's wearing a tank top that reveals the thirium reactor, so he grabs a bathrobe to cover it before heading upstairs to meet the CyberLife missionary.
"Tony—what's going on between us?" Steve blurted out. He hadn't meant to say it, not really, but in the intimate setting of the dark bedroom, it didn't even feel out of place. "I know I can be stubborn and I've been called self-righteous, may even have deserved that," he went on, "but honestly, I can't figure out what it is I've done to you that you can barely stay in the same room with me for two minutes."
"Having warm feelings, are we?" Kamski comments.
They followed him to a dining room that was empty of all other customers, with a single large, solid wood table set close to the middle of the space. Everything about the decor around them looked immaculate, closer to the minimalistic style of Stark Tower than the tacky luxury of the clinic where Steve had woken up. As in most high-rises, they were entirely surrounded by transparent windows from ceiling to floor, showing a cloudy sky. The chandeliers hanging from the ceiling somehow gave the effect that they were reflecting and amplifying the natural ambient light, so that the room seemed bathed in soft sunlight.
He could afford a much better location, these days. The salary of a top Agent, with the hazard and swap bonuses, was more than he'd ever dreamed of, growing up near the street levels. That was exactly why he didn't want to move. It was another thing to keep himself grounded, so that he wouldn't forget where he came from and what everyday life was like for most people—and yet, here he was, showing off for Tony Stark, who'd probably never stepped foot on a level lower than the one Steve lived on.
"Steve," Tony breathed, barely louder than a whisper.
"Well, huh. You must be as wholesome as you look, then," Tony said, with a wink. "So, this Simon you're searching for, is he a friend of yours?"
"Right. Of course," Tony says. He hasn't stopped to consider it, but obviously, even if he's making an effort to get along with Steve, that doesn't do away with the fact that the authorities are still after the ex-Avengers.
"Tony—I had no idea," Steve said, almost like it was too much for him to handle. He reached for Tony's hand again, taking it between both of his.
If Tony's data hadn't been available, then Steve's matching results wouldn't tell anything about the two of them. He'd just assumed that Tony must've handed out a sample. Tony's company was running the whole thing, after all. He'd never actually asked Tony about that, though, or even told Tony that he'd taken the test. It wasn't the sort of thing you casually discussed with your teammates that weren't really your friends.
Steve settled down on the rug next to Tony, lying on his side. Tony reached out a hand to caress Steve's face, gently at first. Then, as if changing his mind, he placed it behind Steve's neck, wrapped a leg around Steve's, and pulled him close into a tight, intense embrace. Their mouths met, and their tongues, as did their cocks, trapped enticingly between their bodies, making Steve grind his hips against Tony in search of friction. The warmth that permeated every part of Tony's body merged with that radiating from the hearth, cocooning Steve, almost as if he'd been transformed as well. Steve let his hands roam over Tony's body, down the ridges of his spine, over the solid muscles of his back and buttocks.
"Yes, exactly."
Steve had closed his eyes, but he wasn't about to fall asleep. Even if Tony's voice was very soothing to listen to, he was too curious to hear the rest of the story.
It wasn't exactly irrefutable evidence for anything. They'd found a stretch of shared DNA in two people. That was hardly unusual. All humans shared most of their DNA. Heck, humans and chimps shared over ninety-five percent of their DNA, whatever the exact figure was nowadays. Multiple copies of an exactly matching thousand-nucleotide stretch of DNA, shared between two unrelated people who claimed to be soulmates, completely absent from everyone else's genome, though—that was undeniably unusual.
"Yeah, I know how this goes," Steve said.
Most of the group had turned around, hurrying away from the threat at varying speeds. Some of the humans who'd been riding the large sauropods had fallen to the ground as their steeds panicked and reared up, and were being helped back to their feet. It was obvious that everyone was deeply shaken by the attack; people born on Dinotopia had never faced open hostility like this. Tony, of course, had seen plenty of it.
He backed away on the couch, sitting up and crossing his arms so that she had to let go. "Save me the sales pitch, Pep." He was being unfairly rude. He couldn't help it. "I've been in the business long enough. I know all the clichés. It's not going to be like that between me and Steve. I'm not even sure he feels it. If he does, or if he ever finds out, he sure as hell isn't going to be okay with it."
"How so?" Steve asked, not quite able to hide his apprehension.
He placed the first shoe aside and moved on to the other one. "I don't mind that. I just want you to feel good, okay? That's going to be the only goal here."
"You can always expect to see me where people need help," Steve said, returning the smile. "Come on. It's not safe here."
He's still got a pile of sticks left for firewood. He uses one to stir the embers, adds a few more on top, and blows on them. It takes a few tries before the fire picks up again, and much longer before it burns bright enough to drive away the chill. Luckily, the rising sun helps, so he manages to stave off impending hypothermia for now.
"Fine," Tony said, a harsh, unhappy word. "I will. This'd better be for real."
In the long dark hours of the night, that deafening silence was too much. He couldn't sleep.
"You can have it, you sure seem hungry enough," Steve said. He could grab lunch later. Right now, this was more important. "Can you get me an address?"
The plastic face held enough of an expression to say that the vendor wasn't buying Steve's story, but she shrugged, holding on to the piece of clothing. "I do like the coat. So, I can put the coins on an unlinked chip, but that won't be any good anywhere above the first five floors or so."
Steve's expression seemed to be enough for Tony to catch the drift. He took each of Steve's hands in his. "Steve. You do realize there's nothing wrong about this, don't you? About us?"
Apparently, the intuition of someone who knew Tony well was that he was the victim, and the fires were attacks against him. It sounded plausible, and Steve wanted to believe it, but wishful thinking wasn't evidence.
Steve had to bite his lip not to blurt out "Was it Tony Stark?" right away. His questions still came in an anxious rush: "Was he okay? Where did he end up? Did you find out who he was?"
Even though Steve knows that this isn't his fault— that in parting ways with Tony, he'd been doing exactly what Tony wanted—he can't help feeling guilty. Since when has he blindly followed anyone's orders if he didn't agree with them? If he'd really wanted them to stick together, he would've insisted on that, regardless of Tony's opinion. Instead, he'd let his pride get the better of him. He'd been angry and disappointed that Tony had pushed him away, and clearly hadn't missed him at all over the past months.
"What?" Tony blurted out, frowning. "No! Why would I? What does that have to do with anything?"
He grasped Tony's hair more tightly and tried to warn him. He got as far as "Tony, Tony, I'm—" before he couldn't hold back anymore. His toes curled against the floor and his back arched so he was barely touching the seat anymore as his climax rushed through his frame. It felt natural, in this frame, almost like in his birth body, with nothing unusual or artificial coloring the warm pleasure taking over his every cell. He liked that.
"You can't possibly remember that—you were practically in a coma!" Steve exclaims, taken aback. Not that he said anything that he didn't mean, but he was more candid, and far more sentimental, than he'd ever be in a regular conversation.
Steve frowned at her. "Yesterday, you said he's changed."
He'd been a coward. He should've done something about the situation a long time ago.
They couldn't know beforehand what position Stane's limo would be parked in on the platform, or how the limo, the drones, Stane and Natasha would line up when they stepped out. If Clint couldn't get a clear shot, they'd have to wait several hours for the second window when Stane would be done with his meeting and heading back home. If that failed as well, then they'd have to postpone the whole operation. Steve really hoped it wouldn't come to that. He knew Tony did, too.
That was good; Steve had no desire to spend time exchanging platitudes or drinking coffee.
Tony doesn't want to wait, but he also doesn't want to harm Steve further, so he's stuck without any good options. He sits on the chair next to Steve, clutching his fingers. To Sam, the quiet intensity on Tony's face is even more uncharacteristic than the frenzy he worked up while searching for Steve. It's like he's withdrawn from the world just like Steve has, into another kind of hibernation.
Does Tony remember something about the trip back, if he asked about Steve? That's difficult to believe, considering that he was entirely out of it all through the flight, not to mention surrounded by rescue personnel who were keeping Steve at a distance. What he finds even more surprising is that Tony hasn't outright told them not to let him in the room. That's a good start.
A figure covered in soot and debris struggled up from the rubble in a cloud of dust, coughing more intensely now. To Steve's amazement, although the man's clothes were hanging from him in scorched tatters, the skin that Steve saw underneath seemed just grimy instead of blackened or blistered. If he had burns, they were far less severe than Steve might've expected. His face was as smeared with dirt as the rest of him, obscuring the lines of his dark moustache and beard, making the clear blue of his eyes stand out.
Steve had seen the wine being poured from a single bottle, so he supposed this was fine. Even if Hammer had been behind the assassinations, Steve doubted he'd go for something as crude as poison. Steve wasn't going to spend the meal suspecting each drink and dish unless he found an obvious reason to worry.
It was still the middle of the night. There were barely any other cars in sight, and most of the buildings around them were also dark, no lights behind the windows. Put together, this implied they were either at a quiet part of town, close to ground level, or possibly both. If they were anywhere below the 100th, they'd be breaking the curfew. The car had to have stealth features. That would've helped with losing the drone pursuit as well.
"Hi. I'd like a beer, please," Steve addressed him, keeping his tone and expression carefully neutral.
Together, they make their slow way to the bedroom upstairs, Steve supporting Tony when he's hit by a dizzy spell and stumbles on his feet.
Tony couldn't help feeling a touch of respect towards the Northerners for having made their way through the difficult and dangerous region. He knew they lacked the rest of the Dinotopians' experience of dealing with dinosaurs, which meant they wouldn't have been able to negotiate with the predators, but would've needed to fight them off. It couldn't have been an easy trip. Particularly since he could tell as he walked amidst them, closely watched by the rifle-wielding man behind him, that they weren't used to moving in the jungle. More than once, he saw someone trip and stumble on roots and undergrowth.
"I'd very much like to know that as well," the Kingpin said, his narrowed eyes and cool voice full of danger.
“Maybe an hour, give or take,” Bruce said.
The sun's rays were catching the stone, and it was changing in front of Steve's eyes, lifeless darkness giving way to a vivid, blue-green shimmer. Still, Steve knew that if Tony had been without air too long, he would be beyond help.
Tony grabbed the bars of his cell and "Hey! Wait!" after them, also in English, but while James turned to cast a hesitant glance at him, Rumlow put a hand on his shoulder and ushered him out of the room.
"Of course," Tony replies, sounding choked. "I'm so sorry we were too late."
Steve doesn't want to push it, and as anxious as the loaded silence makes him, he waits for Tony to actually say something. He clasps his hands behind his back, watching Tony's face carefully for any hint of what's going through his head, but he still can't figure out that particular, pensive expression.
Even at street level, Stark Tower stood out among the buildings. Everyone who was passing by seemed to be giving it a wide berth. While the first few floors of most buildings were commonly neglected by their owners except for the occasional, obligatory structural repairs, this wasn't the case with the Tower. The street level lobby, which was purely utilitarian, with entrances to elevators and a simple information kiosk for visitors, was still clearly well maintained, spotlessly clean—and undoubtedly under Ultron's surveillance. The other people that Steve saw tended to avoid eye contact, walking in hurried steps.
No wonder Steve's been so vocal about every sign of injustice around him. "They did a very good job," Tony remarks. "By the looks of it, they gave you a moral compass that's so solid, no amount of programming can push you off course."
As Tony pulled away, he also let go of Steve and stepped backwards. Apparently, Steve wasn't the only one who was hesitant about what was all right and how fast they should be moving—they both seemed more timid, not less so, now that their secrets had been revealed. Perhaps it wasn't surprising. Last time, Steve had thought it would be just the one encounter, and that there could never be anything beyond that. Today, things were different.
Tony raised his eyebrows. "Huh. Whoops. Why didn't you wake us up earlier?"
If Steve's memory served, that would put the suggested meeting place in Red Hook, close to the location of that earlier fire. It was more than a little dubious, especially when she put it like that, a fixed time and a fixed place, not a suggestion.
"He has to. They're faster and more maneuverable. We won't stand a chance," Rhodey cut her short, his voice firm.
"Did you build this?" Steve asked him, sounding awed, not of the view but the aircraft around them.
This was a bit worse than he'd thought it'd be, but he wasn't entirely surprised. Of course Steve wouldn't be easy to get rid of. He was the most stubborn person Tony knew. Tony would just have to be even more stubborn.
"Yes. I'm here. I'm real," Steve said, moving closer to him, reaching out towards him.
"Wrong answer," Tony said, his fingers digging deeper, his other hand joining the first around Steve's neck.
Steve was the one to break the kiss, when the heat started to feel like too much. Tony loosened his hold of the tie, and started tying a knot in it.
"Many of the things I said back then were entirely true. I've never met anyone like you. I don't think I ever will," Steve said solemnly. "I'm sorry that we didn't meet under different circumstances. Whatever comes next, I'm not going to forget that night."
Steve blew out a breath. "My life. Doesn't look I've got much of one left."
Tony pursed his lips and shook his head. "I don't even remember how I got here, wherever here is. Honestly, it's pretty disturbing."
"I did," Steve said. He'd been almost certain about it, until he'd gotten those results that he'd falsely thought proved him wrong. "I bet he did, too."
It's still not okay.
"And yet you come here every time you've got a local assignment, I've noticed. No other Agent does that," Tony said, walking towards Steve and paying no mind to the rows of other stasis boxes lined up around them. "Is it some kind of ritual for you? Like what actors do before a performance?"
At seven o'clock sharp, as per their orders, they left base in one of the regular troop transport fliers. It was almost an hour's drive to the facility that was their target, which felt like a very long time to Steve.
They were still standing in front of the cabin. It didn't feel like the best place for what was hopefully developing into a serious, candid conversation. "Maybe we should sit down," Steve suggested.
He was having breakfast on the third morning after Tony's text when the phone started ringing. It wasn't Tony, but an unknown number. That shouldn't have been possible.
"Yes. He said it's related to that fire he managed to get caught up in yesterday," Jarvis said.
Steve knew Peggy's views on soulmates weren't too different from his own, even though she was much better informed on the topic than him. She'd explained to him that the theories Howard liked to cite were dismissed by most other scholars as 'poppycock', as she'd put it. Most of the research was done by people who already thought soulmates were real, she'd pointed out, so it wasn't exactly impartial. As for her own opinion, she'd said she might start believing in them if she actually met hers. Clearly, she didn't think she already had, so whether she liked Steve or not, she didn't think they were soulmates either.
Right foot, left foot, keep moving. Don't stop.
Tony did laugh at that, a dry chuckle that wasn't really amused, like Steve's smile hadn't been a smile. "That makes two of us."
With Steve's support, the man climbed out of the space he'd been in—a nook between fallen beams leaning against one another, just large enough to fit him. As soon as he was on level ground, he straightened up, taking in the sad state of his clothing. There was barely enough fabric left to keep him decent; the remains of his trousers were hanging from his belt like a loincloth, and what must've been a jacket and a shirt now resembled a vest, revealing glimpses of wiry muscles underneath.
The body he'd been born in was gone. All of his friends would have moved on to new frames by now, if any of them were even alive anymore.
"Be careful," the Mayor said. "I know you're like me and want to have faith in humanity and see good in everyone, but you mustn't trust him blindly."
Tony stepped in to place himself between Paola and the gun, arms spread wide. "I already said I'd come with you, but only if you keep your promise and leave the others alone," he warned the Northerners
"Back into the water! Hurry!" he called out.
They still hadn't really talked about the whole shitstorm known as the Accords. Tony had mostly been avoiding Steve. That had been easy, since the compound was big, and Tony had enough work to keep him busy, so that he wasn’t even there most of the time. Now, though, his luck had run out.
In the end, he doesn't tell JARVIS how he came by the parts that he used for the thirium reactor.
When the Mayor made an appearance in the training fields beyond the town, a place she very rarely visited, Bucky instantly guessed it would be either good news, or the worst possible. It had to be something big for her to go through the trouble of coming after him herself instead of just sending someone to fetch him.
"I'd love to catch up with you, but that'll have to wait. We need to get moving," Rhodey said. He let go of Steve's shoulder and turned to face the controls. Right away, the hum of the car engines grew louder, and they started to descend.
“Uh. Grant?”
Grant smirks with something hidden Tony couldn’t identify. “I don’t think I’d have too much of an issue with that.”
“I know, Ma, but no one did. I’ll go get washed up. If anyone asks—I was in the private stables, yes?”
“Does it heal faster when you’re a dragon?”
he knows what I am. Doesn’t know
“Okay,” Tony says, but his reply falls upon deaf ears. Tony sinks back into the bed, staring up at the ceiling Steve had once jokingly covered in glow-in-the-dark stars. Tony had never bothered to take them down since he had found it so frustratingly endearing. How such a large man could be so adorable, Tony wasn’t sure.
Tony wasn’t quite overwhelmed walking into the ballroom, as it most certainly wasn’t his first time, but he still felt out of place. Though it wasn’t his first time, it had still been awhile.
Tony giggles. “’Course I do. You were the cutest darn thing I’ve ever seen. Why’d you have to grow up to become such an ugly brute?”
Sam nudges him. “Why do you say it like it’s a bad thing?”
“Tony he...” Natasha takes a shaky breath. “Steve’s dead.”
“I know,” she grins. “Just thought I’d get a rise out of you. I’m serious about the friend thing, though. I think you need to spend some time with someone who doesn’t know what you do for a living.”
“”Grant” is a dragon that you named. I don’t know if you forgot, but dragons can’t talk. Grant doesn’t count,” Pepper sighs. “Tomorrow. Noon. Be ready.”
“Then he has to still be alive, right? Steve couldn’t—he wouldn’t just—“ Tony was grasping at straws. To the second stage he went.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony mumbles out in agreement.
You were—oh.” Pepper seems to be in the same state of stupor as Tony over Grant being Steven, and Steven being a dragon shifter. But if he were a dragon shifter, that would have to mean that—
Tony snorts. “No shit. I thought the royal family were all supposed to be human as of several hundred years ago.”
Tony wished he had her strength and ability to reach acceptance. It was already hard enough Steve Rogers, Captain America, Tony’s
Natasha wishes him a happy birthday whilst they spar, joking around about him being too old to fight now—even though a year makes barely any difference for a supersoldier. He laughs her off, playing along, because the last thing he wanted was to lose their match and earn waves of endless teasing about his age. Not that he was any older, of course. And also, it was Natasha, so he’d rather not be castrated or anything.
Tony screeches, smacking Steve’s chest. “But the records—“
But when Tony rolls over he only finds his son, curled up on the other side of the bed. He must have snuck in at some point. The horribleness of reality began to set in once more.
Steven shrugs helplessly. Tony barks out a laugh.
Tony sighs a breath of relief. “What did I do to deserve you?”
in his disbelief. Tony hadn’t even managed his way past the first stage of grieving.
“I hate you,” Tony rolls his eyes, but fondly judging by the smile gracing his lips. “I did actually come down here for something, though.”
a king. There’s no way you have the brains for it.”
“Yeah, I know, I’ve just never...” Grant trails off as his gaze rakes over the interior.
“Yes, darling?”
Steve cackles.
Steve receives a quiet happy birthday thrown his way from Bruce when he goes to retrieve Tony from the lab—Tony hadn’t eaten anything yet that day, and Steve needed to make sure he was nourished. He thanks Bruce, albeit confusedly, and leaves the lab with Tony. Bruce never usually agreed to be in on Clint’s pranks. Steve supposed it was because it was such an easy and harmless prank to be a part of.
Their son had declared from now on, no more dragon shifters shall rule. This was a lie, of course. That son went on to marry another dragon shifter in private.
“It’s not that funny. And he was really nice, alright? He told me these stories about all these creatures he took care off—his most recent additions were these hatchlings he named DUM-E, Butterfingers, and U, and I want to meet them, I really do, but I couldn’t stay because apparently he’s also friends with the royal advisor,” Steven rambles, unable to stop himself.
“Fair enough,” Tony flops back into the soft grass, Grant perched on a tree stump overlooking him.
Tony freezes, blushing. “I, um. Well, we’re engaged. Been engaged a few months now.”
“I mean, if you think you’re ready,” Steve replies earnestly.
Sam wipes nonexistent tears from his eyes as his laughing calms, and Steven frowns. The only reason he was consulting with Sam was because, not only did he know Steven was a dragon shifter, but he was also one of his closest friends and trustees—Sam wouldn’t tell anyone about the family secret nor his encounter that day.
he corrected.
Sam singsongs. “Did you say he was friends with Pepper, though?”
“There goes our peace and quiet, huh?” Steve teases.
There were years of battles and death, and hope was dwindling, until a relative far in Steven’s past decided they would go into hiding for some time. A new king came in place once the current king and queen at the time’s child had grown to an adult. The kingdom had not known the child was the son of these previous leaders.
“You were saying?”
Grant shakes his head. “I would have to walk on it, which would make it worse. Flying would get too tiring after a while.”
“Grant was... Grant is Steven. He’s been—oh
Steve grins. “No problem, my sweet.”
“We literally left the house together!”
“Now, maybe. But do you remember those photos my Ma showed you when I brought you over for the first time?”
Steven rolls his eyes. “Oh, you shut up.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“I just—“ Tony sighs, “you looked annoyed every time someone tried to wish you a happy birthday. Is something wrong?”
The elevator doors finally slid open to reveal his department’s floor. He rushed out and across the bullpen to his office where Tony is already waiting. He watches Tony stand from his chair and stride over to the doorframe.
“Alright, sweetheart. Goodnight,” Steve whispers, giving Tony’s shoulder a gentle squeeze before moving to drape his arm over Tony’s hip. His boyfriend grunts in response, not long before quiet snores fill the silence, and Steve finds himself lulling to sleep too.
“Tony—“
“You’re real,” Tony nearly sobs. “You’re real, and such a goddamn
The words echo in Steven’s head.
“If it makes you feel any better,” Natasha adds quietly, “we’re doing another search of the area. Just to... to find something. Anything.”
“Huh. Well, funnily enough, that’s exactly what my friend is making me do.”
describe it.
Tony itched to write down his observations, but alas, he had left his notebook at the house. Whether or not he’d have thought to take it, Pepper would have snatched it from his grasp and tell him about not needing to cart around a journal when visiting with people.
“Of what house?” Tony asks. He himself had been a noble once, but alas. Tony Stark just had to be a disappointment.
“I’m—“ The man hesitates as he takes Tony’s hand. “Grant.”
Only when Steve and Tony are cuddling in bed later that night—the Avengers never went out for fireworks for various reasons—does he finally understand what the whole birthday fiasco was about. Steve was honestly just glad it hadn’t escalated to a party.
Tony barks out a laugh as he drops himself into the chair opposite Steve. “Way to flatter me.”
Tony nods in acknowledgement, but says nothing else. He doesn’t let their shared silence settle for too long before he’s sliding out of his seat and slinking back to his room to lose himself in Steve’s scent. He wears an old, beat-up sweater of his to bed, and sleeps on his husband’s side, hugging the pillow close before finally letting out loud, pained sobs.
but—“
“Ah,” his father acknowledges with a well-intentioned nod. “Well, you see, son, it is nothing a little patience and a good ear cannot accomplish. I have no doubt you will get here one day, too.”
if you don’t—“
“Well a lot more is at stake for me, so you
Steven!”
“Sure. But that leaves you with what? Two human friends and a bunch of pets?”
Tony tenses a moment, demeanour changing completely. He worries his bottom lip. “Does she...?”
Tony hears footsteps approach from behind. “I think you need to find friends that won’t eat your clothes, Tony.”
bad news was coming. He
The words hit Tony like a freight train, and his first instinct is to grab at Peter for comfort. His son goes happily pliant in his arms, just as shocked. Tony’s face is drained of colour, and Natasha looks so
right?”
“You think so?”
Steve shakes his head, chuckling. Despite the new relationship, they were already absolutely gone for each other. Tony and Steve worked beautifully with one another, both in and out of work. Like two puzzle pieces slotted together perfectly, just meant to be together. At least, that’s how it felt now, after they had gotten their initial differences and metaphorical head-butting aside. From enemies to lovers, it seemed an unlikely outcome, but Steve could not be more thankful for it.
“The royal family still consists of dragon shifters,” Tony concludes in a whisper. Pepper is just as shocked as he is, despite having worked so close with the family for so long.
Steven looks to Sam, annoyed. “Why do I even bother with you?”
“What? What’s so funny?” Tony’s face was contorted, obviously offended Steve would laugh at him for his well-intentioned concern.
Steve reaches across his desk to put a comforting hand over Tony’s. He knew how much Tony would rather keep this under wraps, at least for now. “No, she doesn’t. And she won’t. Not until we’re ready. Until
Steve gasps, mock-offended by Tony’s teasing. “Rude! I guess I’d better call off the engagement if you’re gonna start calling me ugly!”
He sets a steaming cup of tea in front of Grant, the plate of food in the centre of the table, and sits with his own cup and saucer. Grant thanks him, lifting the cup to his lips with the elegance and manners of someone who had most definitely been trained to drink tea that way. Tony watches—stares, more like it—and Grant smiles shyly at him when he catches Tony’s eye.
“I know, but—“ Tony shakes his head. “Why keep it from me?”
“My horse? Can’t we just walk?”
real, sweetheart. I’m right here.”
Grant giggles this time, and it is nothing short of adorable. “Well, thank you. And for the record, I think you’re pretty too, Tony.”
Tony inhales sharply. “Do you wanna... maybe...?”
Tony blinks, and Grant chuckles. “What?”
Then Steve says, “You know, they don’t think I know but... I’m pretty sure they had a bet going.”
. Peter is quietly sobbing into his shirt, a patch of wetness growing larger. Tony gestures for Natasha to join the hug, which she does without hesitance.
“Nuh uh,” Tony clicks his tongue, grinning. “Don’t even start.”
“So,” Natasha huffs into her mug.
Tony shrugs noncommittally. “Good question. Maybe if you, I dunno, send a few more of those lovely comments my way...”
Prince Steven’s expression was cold and calculated as he gazed upon the people of the kingdom.
would Tony decline.
“Maybe. You can be pretty dumb sometimes,” Sam nods sagely.
“You, my friend, are an absolute ass. I should have you beheaded.”
Sam gasps, moving a hand over his heart. “You wouldn’t dare behead your best knight! A tyrant prince, you are.”
“I don’t even have a nice suit.”
Tell me, Pepper. Why am I such a bad parent?”
Tony couldn’t care less that Pepper was concerned for his social life, but the fact she insisted he needed new friends was irritating. It wasn’t like he
Steve winces, and Tony isn’t sure if it’s from his reaction or from physical pain only being worsened by Tony’s vicelike grip. Steve presses a kiss to Tony’s hair.
“’M not jealous,” Tony pouts.
face.
“Honestly?” Grant huffs. “A little bit of both.”
“Mm hm,” Tony confirms. “She keeps asking, “How’s Steve?” and “Do you have any plans with Steve today?” and keeps telling me, “You know Steve’s allowed to come along, right Tony?” and “You can’t keep making excuses to go visit Steve, Tony.””
At least, it hadn’t bothered Steve all that much until the other Avengers decided to join in on the joke as well.
“—alright, sweetheart. Have a nice day—I’ll see you at lunch.”
They remain quiet for several minutes following, swaying gently as Tony continues to hold onto Steve with all his might.
Tony is hopeful, excited even. It had just been a bad dream. A really, really bad dream.
Tony brings Grant to the kitchen and sits him at the table. Tony busies himself around the kitchen, making tea and gathering an assortment of other snacks—other snacks being cheese and bread. Grant sits quietly, a polite guest. He attempts to offer help, but Tony refuses to let him.
“Time away?”
“Tony,” Steve giggles, exasperated, “my birthday isn’t until September.”
Grant giggles, and it’s adorable, quite frankly. “I don’t mind. Ask away.”
Grant shrugs. “Wind carried me. Just needed some time away.”
Tony was on the verge of losing his patience with this man. He just wanted to talk with Steven, once known to him as Grant. “Anthony Stark of the Stark House. Son of Howard Stark. Ring any bells?”
Pepper shrugs. “Fine by me. I know the drill.”
“You can put the hand down. I won’t eat you, I swear.”
Or at least, he had thought.
“Dead serious.”
“I did too.”
Grant peers at Tony strangely. “What kind of—my arm, obviously.”
He had no valid reason or explanation. He had simply been selfish.
or something? Because that. Is.
“Happy birthday, Cap. How old are you, now?” Clint teases, moving further into the kitchen to create some sort of monstrosity he might call breakfast. Last time it had been
Tony cracks an eye open to see a rather handsome blond smiling at him, head tilted endearingly. Wow, he had a nice face, but he was also—
Tony snorts. “I’m rarely anywhere else. Might have to get off my property soon, though. I wouldn’t want to have to take this to the king.”
Pepper pauses and raises an eyebrow. “How long, then?”
an override access code for when Tony was stowed away was Steve. And since Steve was... Tony wouldn’t have anyone to interfere with his work binge. It was likely he’d work himself to a point of exhaustion, and JARVIS would have to let up locking everyone out for his own good. Something Steve had introduced to JARVIS as a means of looking after Tony.
“I was getting restless, mother. Besides, no one saw me,” he lies. Though, even despite the fact Tony had seen him, he didn’t seem to have recognized the prince.
“It’s no problem,” Grant assures. “Come on.”
Tony was currently having a 3am coffee in the kitchen in silence and almost complete darkness, save for the outside lights flooding in from the windows. Everyone was asleep, according to JARVIS. Tony still found himself having difficulty going to sleep in an empty bed.
“Mm hm,” Tony smiles. “Lover. And hopefully, one day, your future husband as well.”
He feels a tug at his shirt, and sees that one of the hatchlings has latched its jaw onto the material. He swats at the small dragon, shaking his head exasperatedly.
“What? Like something you see?”
He meets her in the kitchen, where she’s nursing a tea. Tony slumps into the bar stool next to her, letting out a deep sigh. Now, he didn’t really feel sad. He felt...
“Playing along? What do you mean playing along?” Tony snaps. “I’m not playing along to anything. I was just trying to see why you were being so grumpy on your birthday!”
“Would you really?” Tony perks up. He hadn’t expected the man to
Steve furrows his brows, trying to decipher whether or not Clint was playing a prank on him, earning him a laugh from the archer.
ready.”
His bloodline came from generations upon generations of purebred dragon shifters. It was a royal family secret, however. Centuries prior to his father’s ruling, a war had broken out between the king and other kingdoms who believed the ability to shapeshift into a dragon was a great, but unfair advantage. They believed the only reason the Rogers family had power was because of their kind. This painted a rather large target on their backs.
“Oh my God, their
That was how Steven ended up in the knights’ quarters, hoping his friend Sam wasn’t quite asleep yet.
“No! Well, yes and no,” Steven worries his bottom lip—he seems rather anxious to be discussing this so out in the open. “You’re not royalty, and on top of that, you can’t produce an heir.”
There’s a moment of hesitance between Tony taking his first steps towards this figment of his imagination, and engulfing the figment in a hug. When Tony feels the solid warmth, he hugs tighter, afraid of Steve disappearing if he were to let go.
Tony jumps, and suddenly being on this end of the dragon seemed ten times scarier. He offers out a hand as a sign of peace, stepping closer to (hopefully) pet the dragon. The creature eyes his hand, almost
The two continue their walk in the gardens late into the night, laughing and gibing with one another.  Steven doesn’t mind too much when his father catches him sneaking back into his chambers—all he had really cared about was getting Tony off his mind, at least for now.
“See you,” Tony smiles, before tilting Steve’s chin down to plant another kiss on his lips. “Love you.”
“...How’s my favourite head of graphic design?” Tony asks as he slips into Steve’s office. The door clicks softly shut behind him.
Pepper hears this and turns to glare at him, lips downturned into a frown. “What is it now, Tony?”
“I would hope,” Steven quips. The king laughs, and pats his son’s shoulder before walking off, presumably to go do more of his kingly duties for the day.
Grant props himself up, grinning. “Oh, hey there. Didn’t realize you’d be home!”
He pounds on the door, praying Tony would answer. He had known Pepper—who was just as upset with him as Tony was, now that she knew the truth too—would not be at the house, and Rhodes, who he found out was also Tony’s friend, was travelling to another kingdom.
“Let’s get you some clothes, first. I won’t be able to concentrate otherwise,” Tony says tiredly. Steven isn’t quite sure if he’s joking.
Tension Tony hadn’t quite realized existed was building, both Tony and Grant waiting for it to snap. Tony taps an anxious finger on the table as silence settles.
“How does—“ Sam is nearly doubled over in laughter. “You know what, I want to meet this guy. Anyone who doesn’t know who the prince is and still sticks around? A miracle!”
Tony laughs as the hatchling dragons hop and prance around him, finding their feet and expending energy. They hadn’t yet learned to fly, but Tony had to watch his extremities as they still had bite and a baby flame.
Tony cackles. He’s nearly doubled over in laughter. Tony wipes a nonexistent tear from his eye.
“Holy shit,” he musters. Then louder, “Holy
He hadn’t
Steve scrunches his nose, face pinched in thought, trying to remember if there was anything he had said or done recently that might have elicited the question. He finally settles with, “No, why?”
needs you.”
Tony should really start referring to Steve in the past tense.
Pepper huffs exasperatedly. “Okay,
Steven couldn’t stop thinking about Tony as he went about his nightly routine. There was something about his genuine questions, and the way he spoke so passionately and kindly about the creatures he took care of—it was fascinating, but most of all—it was
Tony becomes too encased by his own thoughts while running through possible ways of getting information down in his head to notice the dragon was looking at him with a curious, reptilian gaze. It puffs some smoke to catch his attention.
Tony tilts his head back to find Pepper hovering over him. “I have you and Rhodey, don’t I?”
look at your hair! Your clothes! You are absolutely
“Nothing, nothing. I just—“ Tony sighs. “You’re... you’re really, um. Pretty? Or, or
his boyfriend, whom of all people he trusted not to be so annoying.
“Of course,” Pepper says gently.  She adds, “I wasn’t kidding about that paperwork, though. You can only put it off for so long.”
“You can’t keep eating my shirts, you know. It’s not good for you,” Tony tuts the hatchling. The dragon blinks up at him before finding interest in a butterfly floating about just a few feet away. Tony snorts. Hatchlings and their short attention spans. It never failed to both amuse and intrigue Tony.
“’Want Pops,” he whimpers, and Tony’s heart breaks. He had hoped Peter would never have to go through something like this. Something so painful. Something that would kill Peter’s constantly upbeat and positive mood. His endless supply of care and love to those near to him. Something that would
There’s extra warmth and a dip in the bed when Tony wakes up. For a second, a
And after realizing this, Steven found himself flying with speed he rarely used towards Tony’s home. Being king gave him less of a chance to get away from the kingdom, so he would take this opportunity as is.
Only after a few minutes of caveman-thoughts does Tony finally register, “Wait. Wait! You’re a—are you a
She nods, the ghost of a smile on her lips. “Of course.”
But then a smooth, deep voice interrupts his thinking.
Tony blushes and tries to hide his growing smile by stuffing his face with bread. Grant shakes his head, clearly amused.
“So what’s the matter?” Sam asks him once they’re far from the castle and engulfed in darkness, the only light being the moon shining down from a clear sky.
“’Don’t wanna get up,” he grumbles.
Steven is afraid Tony isn’t going to answer after he waits for what felt like an eternity, but then the door swings open to reveal Tony, who looked plain awful. There were dark bags under his eyes, and it appeared as if his hair hadn’t been brushed for days.
Tony just shakes his head. “No. Don’t be. You’re here now, that’s all that matters.”
Grant smiles up at him. “Yes, they have. Maybe they can sense I’m kind of like them.”
He creeps closer, using the trees to his advantage. What he sees leaves him beyond amazed.
“They’re not pets, Pepper,” Tony grumbles.
“Sleeping with the...” Pepper is puzzled, brows drawn as she tries to think of a logical reason for this answer. “What are you talking about, Tony?”
Steve has to bite his lip to keep from smiling. “I just might.”
His eyes are closed tight when he comes within touching distance of the dragon, afraid he’d have to witness his own hand being chomped clean off. Normally, when interacting with bigger dragons, Tony had no issue since he had essentially parented those dragons since they were still in eggs. This wild encounter, however, had him undoubtedly nervous.
“Have any better reason than that?” The knight questions.
Steven returns a quick smile before stalking off to his chambers. He requests a bath be drawn for him, simply to busy the servants. Sometimes they could be rather nosy, and Steven would rather not word of his mini-adventure get out.
Steven sighs. “Met someone today.”
Rhodey tells him the same thing about getting out and making friends, to which Tony rolls his eyes. He didn’t see why needed more friends—he was functioning just fine. Tony doesn’t mention Grant to Rhodey.
is now king. The ball would begin shortly, and Tony had a newly-crowned
Steven does get clothing—stuff he had left at the house on previous visits—and sits at the dining table with Tony.
“Nothing much. The usual.” The corners of his lips quirk upwards, but he bites back his ‘portrait smile,’ as his mother would call it. “Just wondering how you pull it off so well.”
“Got a curfew? Or better yet, a bedtime?” Grant teases.
“That’s all you got from that?” Tony scoffs. “And besides, you’re anything but little.”
Finally, his father’s message comes to a close. The people are dismissed. Steven clenches his jaw as he watches them file out, off to continue their work and trade.
“Because unlike me and Rhodey, many people think pretty lowly of these creatures.”
Tony snorts. “Clearly. Two months is two months too long, buddy. You’re lucky if I even let you back into bed with me for two months.”
Even in the afterlife, Steve was mother-henning him.
“Aw,” Steve pouts. “You make excuses just to come see little ol’ me?”
Tony walks out his front door to see Grant laying in the grass getting “attacked” by the hatchlings. He’s laughing, obviously unbothered by their nips and fire breathing as they climb over him. Tony watches on fondly—the sight was quite adorable.
“And why does my occupation matter?”
Tony scoffs. “Yeah, right. Those three are the dumbest little bastards I’ve had the opportunity to ever take care of. You sure you didn’t sneak them some food or anything? There’s no way they’d become so attached without food.”
the best.”
“Is there something you wanted to talk about?”
“No,” Peter mumbles. “’M’not hungry.”
“What happened?” Tony eventually asks.
Pepper sighs. “That wasn’t my point. I know how much you love these guys, but you have to go out sometimes, y’know?”
Tony pauses to let the information sink in. He searches Steve’s face for any sign of deception but discovers absolutely nothing of the sort. “So you’re telling me—“
Grant lifts a skeptical brow. “You sure about that?”
“Of course,” Grant smiles gently. “I have to get home soon, too, but I’m sure the ride isn’t too out of the way.”
Steven leans away from his mother’s poking and prodding as she inspects his outfit. “I was in the forest, Ma. Sorry I didn’t tell you.”
Becoming king couldn’t have felt worse after his talk with Tony.
Tony finally lets go, now convinced Steve was not going anywhere anytime soon. He pulls Steve in for a long, consoling, and a bit of an indulgent kiss.
“I’m sure,” Tony scrunches his nose. “You wanna go inside?”
The tea and food is immediately abandoned as the two men push away from the table and gravitate towards each other. Lips crash together and desperate hands run through hair and under clothing. Tony directs them towards his bedroom in messy, misguided steps, the two laughing when they accidentally bump into the wall next to the door. Clothes are discarded and strung along their path, and their breaths are hot and heavy and intermingled.
Clint runs off, screaming for the others throughout the compound. Steve and Tony both laugh before resting their foreheads against one another’s.
“You should become the court jester with those jokes,” Sam teases. Steven punches Sam.
Tony hums. “I’ll think about it. It’s a big secret to have kept from me, your
Tony spots Steven, smiling along to some meaningless flirts from a few pretty, young ladies. Tony approaches with determination, only to be stopped by a knight standing nearby. Tony rolls his eyes.
“Nothing. I was... nothing,” Tony huffs. He begins trudging towards the house, but not before asking, “How are the hatchlings doing?”
That’s when everything clicks, and Steve finds himself curled up with laughter.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Natasha finally looks to Tony, and he sees evidence she had also been crying going by her red-rimmed eyes. “He’s... Steve’s gone.”
“Hey trespasser!” Tony calls.
Tony gulps, eyes wide as he looks to her. “I’m sleeping with the prince,” he rasps.
Tony does, in fact, ask away. The two spend a better part of the day chatting, not only to have Tony learn about dragon shifters, but for them to learn about each other.
“Well, yeah, I know, but Grant h—where’d he go?” The moment Tony turns to gesture to Grant, he sees the dragon is gone.
a bad parent. Not even close. You’re the best father anyone could ask for. I’m sure Peter would say the same.”
Tony’s night is sleepless, and he feels cold. Cold, and tired, and sad.
“Right,” Pepper nods. However, she seems satisfied enough with his answer. “I’ll be back tomorrow to fetch you. Have your horse ready for noon.”
So later, when Peter finally cries himself to sleep as Tony comforts him, Tony slips out of the room for a moment to get more information from Natasha.
“We’re not even together, Tony—“
A large—much larger than he had ever seen—dragon, dark blue scales glinting in the light as it lay, sunning itself. What such a fantastical, magnificent creature was doing out here, Tony had no idea, but it sure as hell beat going out to town.
His father, King Joseph, was making an announcement of sorts. About what, Steven couldn’t tell. While he did have the kingdom’s best interests at heart, his father had a tendency to be repetitive. The kingdom didn’t seem to mind, though. As long as they were safe, happy, and treated equally—which Steven’s parents ensured.
There’s a tear trailing down Natasha’s cheek, but she schools her expression well. She’s currently holding Peter’s hand, rubbing a careful thumb over in comfort. She smiles sadly at the two of them. “I—“
“Not at all. I just happen to have some... connections... within the kingdom,” Grant answers rather vaguely. Tony decides not to question it.
Tony sniffs. “Good, because I plan on laying here and doing nothing all day. Mind turning on the TV? Preferably the
Steven finally relaxes his shoulders, and takes a deep breath. As much as he shouldn’t, he felt a need to head out and stretch his wings.
Steve couldn't blame them. Life had always been hard down here, and by the looks of it, things hadn't gotten any better in the time that had passed. More like the opposite. Unfortunately, he didn't think they'd listen to him if he tried telling them that he understood.
"Take your time," Steve said, and placed a soothing hand on her forearm.
"Do you actually know him, though? He's working for the scaly scum now," the Mayor said, using the common slang for the dinosaur oppressors. "He's building weapons and other tools that help them keep our kind under control, which means that he's either a traitor to his own people, or enslaved and unable to fight back. If he's as smart as everyone says, I'd think the first option more likely. Surely he could've freed himself by now if he'd truly wanted to."
"Hell if I know what it is, I haven't seen it. Something small, some kind of amulet, maybe. I've just got first-hand proof of what it can do." The man raised his bandaged hand again. "I'd be happier if I never heard mention of the damn thing again."
"Not all of NYPD, right?" Steve checked.
He doubted he could even stand up, let alone knock out a younger, healthier man, but he'd still go for it if he got the chance. It was the only thing even distantly resembling a plan that he could think of when everything else had failed.
"And fast," Rhodey added.
He straightened up, crossing his arms, looking each of his teammates in the eye: Rhodey and Pepper, who had been Tony's steadfast friends for a much longer time than Steve, and Sam, who hadn't known any of them until he'd been sent to Tony's house as a messenger a few months ago, but who had since them proven himself as stalwart as anyone Steve had served with.
Steve has gotten himself a room at a hotel located conveniently right next to the hospital. It took some effort to organize, starting with borrowing a phone so that he could get in touch with his team, then having them sort out some cash for him, and finding a change of clothes that wouldn't stand out so much. Normally, Steve wouldn't even consider wasting anyone's time or their meager funds on something like this—he's used to frugal living, after all—but after the days spent outdoors with no gear, he felt badly in need of a hot shower, a proper meal and an actual bed.
Steve had never seen anyone this seriously ill before. Most people hadn't. In any other situation, they would've just swapped his body for a new one right away.
Steve checked the site from the map beforehand, and drove there with plenty of extra time so he could park his bike on a side street, out of sight. He then walked to the end of the street using what cover he could find, careful not to be seen by anyone. Thankfully, it was a quiet area at this time of the evening, mostly full of big warehouses. The falling twilight gave him some additional cover.
"Really. 'Please, take me and let him go?' That's all you've got? Are you going to beg on your knees, too?" Stane shook his head. "The great Captain, tactical genius, scourge of criminals across the Solar System—and that's the best plan you can come up with? Ultron, are you sure he doesn't have any aces up his sleeves?"
Any concerns Steve might have had for Tony were clearly misplaced. He'll do just fine.
********************
He wasn't just going to give up. He'd have to try once more. Maybe today would be the day when James changed his mind.
Bucky raised his eyebrows at her in surprise. Coming from someone who'd spoken up against unnecessary cruelty less than an hour ago, that was decidedly ruthless.
"Tony," Natasha says, her cool, calm, and collected voice a sharp contrast to his rambling. "I want to find Steve as badly as you do, but you do realize if you get caught hacking Russian satellites, you could cause an international crisis?"
Stane let go of Tony, aiming an incredulous look at Steve. "Or what? Have you forgotten where you are? You're not going to leave this room alive, Steve. Neither is he. He escaped me once, but I'm not going to make the same mistake again. He's going to stay under until that ancient frame of his draws its last breath."
"That's what I'm trying to find out," Steve said. It was frustrating that after several days, he had barely made any headway.
Steve was wearing a dark hoodie, and his chin was covered in long stubble, like he hadn't shaved in a while. The look on his face was serious, a scowl, almost, but when his eyes met Tony's, his expression softened, a hint of relief blooming amidst the concern Tony sensed from him.
Steve sighed and rubbed at his eyes. "Yeah, no need to remind us of that," he muttered under his breath.
One heartbeat, one blink, and Steve's eyes go wide and he draws his fingers back as if burned, standing up, his LED flaring red. He still doesn't look angry, just extremely confused. "How's that possible? Out of all androids CyberLife has made, how can you have an SR100's regulator?"
He placed one elbow against the seat to push himself up. That was a mistake; right away, the headache went from a vague background nuisance to a brilliant, fiery agony inside his skull. He brought his free hand up to rub at the back of his neck, which felt bruised from the inside out.
There was nothing in any of the pockets that even distantly resembled an ancient artifact.
In the doorway stood a ghost from the past.
hot and bothered.
The odd thing was, this coincidence seemed to be just as upsetting to Stark. He straightened up against the wall, his eyes wide, any trace of drowsiness gone from his face. "You—oh, God. I should've—You're Bucky, aren't you?"
"They've already killed you three times. And it'd be four if I hadn't saved you at the 201," Steve reminded him. "I can solve this problem for you. No more murders."
When it was finally getting close to the appointed hour, he dressed up in his costume. It made him feel like he was an impostor himself, trying to hide his misdeeds under the flawless guise of Captain America. Cap wouldn't do what he'd done. Not in a million years. And yet, if Steve Rogers hadn't, he wouldn't have known about this meeting, and Tony would've walked into a very likely trap without backup.
the red thread of fate
"Not really. I talked to a few officers on site, but really, they were more confused than me," Clint said, with a dry chuckle that sounded almost like static on the channel. "All they knew was that SI drones destroyed some random junk shop, and that SHIELD's saying they were probably within their rights to do so. If Stane's awake, he hasn't contacted the authorities yet."
"It's a sublingual film," Rhodey said. "If the first one's not enough, take another. Your frame's pretty big and I bet it has a high metabolism."
Those five minutes seemed to take at least ten times as long. Steve drank half his water, walked over to the vending machines to see if there was anything he might like to eat, and decided there wasn't. Just as he got back to the table, Natasha spoke up again.
He heard Tony shift on his feet. "You really mean that?"
Tony found himself holding his breath when Steve got back, unsure of where they would go from here. Had the amicable relationship they'd had so far been irrevocably shattered by embarrassment and misunderstandings? Would their days from now on be full of forced normalcy, their nights spent with an even larger rift between them, with the fear of accidentally ending up too close again?
"Hey, Steve! Tony's awake," Jarvis called out, letting go of Tony's hand. "Try to take it easy, will you?"
This time, finally, Tony didn't recoil, but practically collapsed against Steve. Steve wrapped his arms around him, pulling him close, holding him tight. "It's okay. It's over, Tony. Everything will be okay now."
The table was set for six; Hammer motioned at Tony's group to take one side. A man and a woman, a blonde and a brunette, joined the group to flank Hammer, taking the seats by his sides. Their frames were so picture-perfect that they looked like plastic fakes, though Steve was pretty sure someone as rich as Hammer would only put his staff in organics.
"Do you even know enough genetics to understand what they did?" Rhodey asked suspiciously.
"Couldn't agree with you more," Natasha said.
Sitting down, he clears his throat. His lips are numb, but he takes a deep breath and shouts again, louder this time. Steve's name echoes between the hills. It's like he's cursing at the skies, or praying. Could be either. A bit of both.
"Then you'll be pleased to hear that I'm here to take you to him," Miss Potts said.
"That's none of your business, android," Obie snaps. "Actually, I'm starving. Go to the kitchen and see if there's any of that pizza left."
For a moment, no one seemed willing to move at all.
Steve shrugged off the anti-grav pack and tossed it aside. It wouldn't have much of a charge left anymore, so he had no use for it, but the spare parts could still be valuable to someone.
He'd come so close to actually sleeping in the same bed with Tony. A part of him, the part that had readily latched on to the idea that they could be soulmates, would've liked that very much.
Tony glared at him over the rim of his own glass. "Is that supposed to be reassuring?"
"Maybe it doesn't have to be like that. Maybe you could learn to control it," Steve said.
"Thank you," Steve says. "That's all I ask."
Her smile grew wider at his eagerness. "I do, indeed! He finally gave in and promised to work for us."
The problem was that even heroic self-sacrifice wouldn't help him prevent the worst case scenario. If he held on until he died, there'd be a good chance his captors would recover the sunstone from his body and eventually figure out what it did.
Steve started to get that unsettling feeling again as he felt the body of this person move beneath him.  The way his movements pulsed sent Steve’s world off kilter enough for the soldier to disarm him.  He used his metal arm to take Steve’s shield and toss it away.  Using that movement he threw Steve off of himself and backed off enough to remove the broken dark vision wear off of his mask.  Steve was shocked to his core as the strangers piercing blue eyes settled on him.  Before Steve could process what was happening a helicopter flew over head.
Steve couldn’t help to think what a great life this was. He had just eaten a delicious meal prepared by his beautiful wife and now he was listening to his lovely daughter chat about some of the exciting things she was learning in school.
"I'm sorry. I didn't know what was happening most of the time and in the end, I just couldn't stay." He admitted.
"That's right, I just made it look like they were. I knew it would separate you and Anthony and inevitably pit you two against one another. Anthony lashing out at you in grief, heartbreak and anger drove down the final nail in the coffin so to speak. It was the exact last piece I needed to claim you. Everything played out beautifully after that."
Tony began to wave the wand around Barnes’s shoulder, holding it at different angles to see the wider picture on the inside. All of the information was piecing itself together on a holo-screen.
“Good, good.”  He opened the red leather bound book to the proper page.
“Here!”  He opened the compartment he was looking for.
“The suit sustained heavy damage, I can’t move.” He replied with a groan.
He was situated perfectly where he could keep an eye on the driveway and keep an ear out for Ellie who was chasing butterflies and ladybugs on the other side of the yard. He would stop every ten or so strokes and listen out for her delighted laughter. He smiled warmly to himself when he would catch her singing. He continued for a few minutes more like this, scraping the metal then pausing to listen.
“Please then at least sit down. You have been on your feet all day.” He guessed.
Right, a heart, a glow, an arc reactor. Why was it important again?
Steve wound his arms around Tony’s shaking frame.  It truly shook him to the core.  Not just Tony’s reaction but everyone else’s.  There was definitely something he was missing.  Something was off.  It felt like he was missing a very significant piece of the puzzle.  If he had the energy or was even in the right state of mind he would have been adamant about finding the answer, but as he was now?  All he could think to do was to give comfort to his friend, the man he loved.  He hoped that if it was the end he could spend the rest of it just like this with Tony safe in his arms.
"I want to see her." Ellie cried into his neck.
“It worked!” He breathed a sigh of relief.
That was if it wasn’t for the source of his ire in the first place.
Steve turn back to him.
Peggy and the babe disappeared. And he was back in the crumbling scene once more.
“I get that! I really do, but this is insane!  We have the best security and facial recognition software anywhere in the world yet he surpassed it, how?” She faced Tony.
The sky was falling.
Somewhere in the back of his mind he registered that more fighting had seemed to close in around him. No doubt the Rhododendron was probably sending the nearest fake doom bots and fuzz buzz to his location to stop his progress. He could feel the static electricity pulse every time one of those electric fuzz balls of death had been disabled. He could hear the grating sound of metal tearing each time one of the bots was destroyed. Still he continued on, fixated on soldering piece after piece together.
, victims none of those five mutants were even using their abilities.”  Steve was in awe. Mutants were frightening but at the same time really cool like the Professor.
“I can’t let you go Steve.” Bucky interjected. “Once you’re spotted they’ll be on us immediately.”
Steve was mildly shocked at her response. He did not know how to answer her. He did not know how much he was supposed to be telling her about anything.
“You had us all fooled.” He stated bitterly.
"Uh, y-yeah, yes it is." Steve replied hoping it actually was. "I'm actually looking for a whetstone for the mower blades."
Will Steve remember in time? In time for what?
“Please.” He repeated again. “Don’t let him die.” He uttered brokenly, his voice barely above a whisper.
Bucky nodded despondently. He quickly pulled Steve close to him and held him tight. The twins watched with sad expressions.
"Daddy! Is Mommy okay?" Ellie cried then grabbed his hand.
Tony bit back his sarcastic response but could not stop his face from twisting into a fierce scowl.
Chapter Forty-Seven: Still Breathing on My Own
“Welcome back to reality Cap, I was wondering if we were going to lose you.”  He smiled as he rearranged various objects on the work table.
“Jarvis!?”
Tony looked up at him slowly, his hands falling away from his face. “And what position would that be?” He bit bitterly.
Tony froze solid. “What?”
Tony looked Barnes up and down as he nibbled at one such cracker.
“Copy that! We are on our way.”
“Well that-“ Steve tried.
Suddenly the creature sprang from its confines.
Tony was shocked to find an all new color to Steve’s eyes presented to him right then.  It was that warm stormy grey with a more charcoal definition, something that reminded him of the deepest depths of the ocean.  This color was his new favorite he found.
Tony shifted uncomfortably.
"Perfect." Steve replied.
He marveled at how much that jerk could inspire some of the most extreme emotions in him without even trying.  One minute Tony could make him incredibly happy, the next terribly annoyed.  He can go from utterly confused to deeply enraged in 2.5 seconds because of Tony.  And now, somehow, that bastard has accomplished to make Steve feel all of them at once and so much more.
His response was to nuzzle her cheek before planting his face into her hair.
“Here.”  He said as he handed the drink to Steve.  “It’ll calm the nerves.”  He stated with a smirk.
All of a sudden millions of zappers started to gush out of the streets behind them.
"Oh, right, Peggy is having the baby." He said.
“I am being serious, Pepper. This is not child’s play. This is by far the most complex piece of code I have ever encountered in my entire life. Look.”
“Duck!” He shouted and flung his shield in such a way that he took out most of the closest ones. But they were still gaining.
“As in you haven’t kissed each other before?”
After finding a nurse, Steve had found out that Peggy was a bit more stable and the contractions were finally starting to get closer and closer together. If her condition continued to improve Steve would be able to see her, but only for a moment.
He looked at her again and tried to smile reassuringly.
He shivered and forced the frightening thoughts away as he stirred in a small spoonful of sugar into the coffee. He mindlessly watched the brown liquid swirl about as he stirred mesmerized by the clink of the metal spoon against the sides of the ceramic mug. It should have been no surprise then that as he was utterly absorbed in his task that he did not hear the arrival of his newest visitor. Not until they spoke up right behind him.
“Yep that sounds about right.” The billionaire indicated off handedly still focused on his device.
Tony continued to scowl at the soldier as he made himself comfortable. He sighed and ran his hands through his hair again, as if the act would somehow smooth his thoughts into place.
“That’s Sue!”  Johnny cried as she ran to the source.
Steve blushed like a tomato.
Tony logged it into his search algorithm the more dots the better the connection. He had Jarvis searching through all of the patient archives for anything connecting them to the siblings. While Jarvis was digging Fury had Maria, Tony, Steve, Clint, Natasha and the Professor reconvene in the Super Duper meeting room. Hank, Bruce and Coulson stayed with the victims.
That is until they heard him scream. They felt there blood run cold in unison. Steve said that he would contact them if he needed assistance. But what if he was unable to. They were about to storm the facility when a pretty banged up Captain America barreled through the exit with a different looking  Doom Bot following close behind him. As soon as the Captain maneuvered a sharp left out of the way they opened fire.
Tony nodded along and Steve noticed the movement. He looked to the others and saw that they had easily accepted Xavier’s answer and was in no way confused.
He continued,”All of this, (gesturing to the printed information in his hands) should not be physically possible. From what I can tell this thing is definitely not a virus. I’m assuming it does not have a technical origin either.” He stated. A slight questioning tone directed at Tony.
"You're not helping, Jarvis!"
"For what it's worth, I know how you must have felt, to lose her." He spoke up suddenly, but softly.
“No! Bucky! Please!” His voice cracked at the abuse as he sobbed and pleaded. Bucky slowly looked up and made eye contact with Steve desperately trying to convey a message. It was a reassuring look meant to calm him. Even in this situation Bucky tried to make the whole terrible mountain of a thing look like a molehill. All with one almost cocky look.
“You do realize I can see you in the cameras, dumbass?” Barnes remarked irritatedly.
Steve felt the ground quake as Anük roared in anger. "I can't! I no longer have influence there! Remember what I said? That was the deal, if you passed my test I would withdrawal and all would be as it once was, as if I were never there."
“Show me.” He activated the phone’s holographic projector and displayed it in front of them to see it more clearly. He also supposed he needed Barnes to see it too.
There were pressure sensors in the fingertips of his armor. When pressed in the proper sequence, it activated self-destruct. It was a long and complicated code as it would be bad if the code was accidentally pressed during battle but Tony was incredibly swift at typing. He’d have it blown up before Rhododendron figured out how homing worked. The pressure buttons where completely manual, like turning a key or shifting a mechanism into gear. To put it simply it was a part of the core mechanisms of the suit. Each correct variable in the sequence was like a lock sliding into place. It was something the Rhododendron absolutely could not stop.
Steve did not respond, he was still too wrapped up in all of this new information.
“I saw it in his mind, he would have gotten us killed.” Wanda added.
Steve shrugged, “Like the restraints work anyway.”
Ellie looked up from her drawing, her tongue still was sticking out from concentration, and looked up at Steve questioningly.
He wasn’t going to anyway. He knew how Bucky needed this, he’d be damned if he took that away from him. So he nodded and let his friend get work. Wanda had backed off a bit giving them space and went to sit with her brother who was still blissfully asleep.
Steve took in her words reflectively. She was absolutely right. He did do that. His heart sank in regret. He had thought that he was making progress in letting go of the past. Yet, when the opportunity arose to 'go back', he took it without hesitation. He rejected her world because he knew it wasn't real, yet, he couldn't break free from his own past that no longer existed. He had wondered that if he hadn't held on so tightly to the past could he and Tony have made it?
Oh God, she was so right. Steve is going to be forced to be a pawn in Calamity’s scheme and he was here being a selfish neurotic nut.
The device is partially powered by and directly connected to the Tesseract that is located on Asgard. Tony figured out how to sync Earthen technology with the grand ancient technology of the gods.
Beep. Beep.
After everyone was thoroughly engrossed in their work, Thor led Steve to the closest and safest location to summon the Bifrost. As much as Steve hates to admit it, flying with Tony is way better than flying with Thor. Even when Tony likes to fling him around like a rag doll, Thor was pretty damn brutal. They’ve landed pretty safely in a clearing far from civilization.
“The Concustodio Catholic Church on Arbor Street!”
Then, when she transformed into the sixth form it became crystal clear to him what all these metamorphosis represented. What stood before him was a more humanlike creature that looked very similar to his own race but not quite. What was clear, however, was that this form was the exact visage of the etching Thor showed them all those weeks ago. All of these forms she was showing him was what she looked like when she integrated with the races of the people that she ultimately took.
“Why in God’s name would you think that!?”
“I don’t deserve this!” He shouted again. “He was my friend! And I killed him! He was my friend, please!” He pleaded again. “He was my friend and he was your father!”
“Just shut up!” Tony replied sharply.
The child obeyed and got close to Steve. The Captain strapped one of the devices around the child’s hand.
“Jarvis said you wanted to talk, said you would behave?” Tony drawled.
He felt like his life had been brutally ripped apart and crudely stitched back together wrong. Everything felt wrong. There was one thing he was absolutely sure of, however. He could not stay here. He wouldn’t. He felt like he didn’t belong any more. He was a stranger amongst them. He found it ironic that not moments ago he was going to apologize to his friends and make an effort to trust them with the last days of his life. They could not even begin to understand what he was going through.
“They’re pale blue.” Bucky had said finally with air despair and conclusiveness.
Just when Tony was in the middle of another deep and long-suffering sigh, one of the remaining legs of the rickety stool he sat upon suddenly gave out and threw the genius onto the floor. He groaned pathetically and began to laugh miserably at his deplorable and ridiculous predicament. It truly felt like hitting rock bottom as he lay unmoving upon the hard cold floor that was still littered with jagged shards of glass.
Every person’s nerves were a delicate thread pulled tight ready to snap.
“Wow!” He replied astonished. “Okay, Babydoll, you want to help add the flour to the milk and eggs in this bowl?”
“No. No. No. Don’t tell me you came back just to leave again! Please!” He pleaded. He grabbed Steve’s face with one hand and looked him in the eye. He could feel his heart break all over again. “Please, I just got you back, can’t lose you again.” He whispered in misery.
“This is amazing, Babydoll! Wow, Rocky is rather muscular.” Steve noted the pony had been portrayed very masculine. It had very prominent bulging muscles. He did not know what to make of that.
"What!? We have to do something!"
“So what do you think?” Tony asked.
“Firstly, I wanted to check in and see how everyone was doing personally.  And I wanted to talk to you face to face again.”  She smiled.
of none other than Bucky Barnes.
Bucky cleaned the wounds the best he could with the little supplies they had but it was good enough. Steve watched him entranced. He gaped at his brother’s concentrated process. He had allowed himself to fall into a strange world of nostalgia. Bucky took care of him just like this most of his life. He always had that air of reverence, care and conviction. Steve marveled at how his eyes were just the same as they always had been, filled with tenderness and determination. To have come full circle and end up back in this position with his brother caring for his broken body was truly a bittersweet miracle.
He expected that kind of bull shit from Shield and various other people.  But not from his own team.  He thought they were way past that kind of crap.  But he can see it clearly now.  It hurts, it hurts like you wouldn’t believe.  Especially from Natasha and Tony.
“I know what he meant to you, Tony. Even if you felt you couldn’t tell me, I knew. I’m sorry everything happened the way it did but you gotta pull yourself together. A lot of people are counting on you.” She sighed again before leaving him alone.
"Of course you'd create a universe where I didn't exist." He declared in heart pounding anguish then instantaneously disappeared.
“You’re damn right I do.” Tony smirked setting the wand back on the table.
“I’m not done.”
Steve broke out into an impossibly wide smile. That freaking jerk. Steve shook his head and plopped down next to him on the pew. He promptly wrapped his arms around Bucky and was delighted to feel him return the hug.
How did you like that? Please comment and tell me. I'd also love to hear any and all theories you may have.
Meanwhile…
Elaine only shook her head, "I promise I'll show up to your funeral." She said wistfully.
Motivated with some newfound energy and positivity from this new development he launched tiny micro probes and attached them to all five devices. He'll be able to use those probes to commandeer the spatial disorders so he didn't have to hack into each one individually.
"Allow me to continue.
The genius heard the bunny squeal as Barnes chased after him. After a surge of thrilling delight coursed through him at the mental image that popped up of what would happen should the soldier actually catch that stupid bunny, Tony got to work collecting the salvageable parts.
“Hawkeye, find a nest, scope them out. Relay movement patterns and thin them out.”
Dammit! Freaking jerk!
The children cheered until one wailed in horror. Steve turned quickly to see Becka limp in Tommy’s arms.
“Well, until the next time Love, my beautiful Keystone!” With that she promptly disappeared.
He struggled to keep his thoughts straight.
He was shocked when a pair of warm arms enveloped him, startling him out of his misery. He was about to shove the intruder of his personal space away but when he looked up and saw that Barnes hadn't moved from his spot on his desk, then got a glimpse of fiery red hair, he relented.
‘No, not just team…’ He thought with fondness and appreciation.
Maria flew in in a frenzy practically screaming that she had found something. This particular piece if information might be the most crucial piece of info they had at present.
Barnes gave a sharp nodded in acknowledgment before running off to show the world the Captain America was not giving up on them.
"Tony!" He gasped out loud. Yes, his name was Tony.
“I’m sorry, what was that? I couldn’t hear you.” Bucky needled.
"This isn't real." He whispered in disbelief.
‘What??’
Everyone was stunned to silence, mulling over what the Captain was telling them. He was absolutely right, about it all! They had almost lost control.
Even though they were so close to the thing that was causing all of this chaos, letting it go no matter how painful of a decision was the best option, especially with so little information.  Was it worth the possibility of everyone aboard the ship sub coming to the comas or worse, dying to entrap it? No, it wasn’t.
Surely the most foolish move they could make at that very moment would be to strike. Steve approached Calamity carefully and faced her.
“Why didn’t he confront me!? Why let it get so far?” Tony almost wailed pausing the footage.
That chill in his spine morphed into full on electricity. His lungs constricted and his heart beat wildly. He threw a hand over his erratically beating heart as Calamity’s words echoed around in his mind again and again like a never-ending hurricane.
‘It’s fine.’ He thought. ‘The amnesia is temporary.’ He reminded himself. ‘What’s important is what to do with my time now.’ He sighed.
“Okay.” He hugged each one hoping that would at least reassure them.
In moments, a little maid bot made its way to him carrying a bottle and a glass.
Steve berated himself thoroughly for letting himself get so distracted to the extent that he nearly forgot to pick Ellie up from the school bus stop. He berated himself further for forgetting the rest of his errands after encountering his dream mystery man.
“Despite everything I did to keep you two alive it didn’t matter…”
“No!”
“What do you remember.” She asked softly.
Shaking his head rapidly trying to rid himself of those dangerous thoughts, he flipped his drawing over and started to seek out Tony only to find the asinine genius staring intently at him.  The moment they made eye contact Tony gave him the most obnoxious smile he could muster.
It was incredible.
Before Steve could ask the man what their connection was, Ellie called out.
“Welcome back by the way.”
FYI Sebastian Stan is a thousand times more beautiful in person.
There was something familiar about the woman that Steve couldn’t quite put his finger on. But she seemed kind and humble. Suddenly she stopped playing and looked over to her right.
“Jarvis, request entry into the Raft.” Tony commanded as he hovered over the surface of the water.
*~0~*
“I nearly did earlier, after everything happened.  Back then it would have been the wrong time and I was so angry it wouldn’t have been right and even now I…”  He trailed off.
All questions comments and theories welcome.
Tony sighed and ran his hands through his hair as he tried to calm his nerves. He desperately tried as hard as he could not to think of Steve but it was so hard. Memories of Steve permeated his thoughts everywhere he went. It was a near impossible task but if he allowed his thoughts to linger too long on the Captain his heart sputtered in agony and his mind shut down. And right now, his mind was the only real weapon they had.
It took an obscene amount of concentration, pain and effort to finally heave himself through the window.  He lied on the floor in a heap for a moment trying to will the haze away.  He also took that time to steel his nerves knowing that in order to continue he would need the use of his legs.  The pain was going to be so intense, he knew that there was a possibility that he wasn’t going to make it.
We've got some SteveWump! coming up, along with some Exploding doom bots. Yay!
Steve blinked at this.
Tony wanted to go but it was the consensus that he should stay put, on standby, and hold down the fort so to speak and continue working on the code. The only recompense, if you can call it that, was that there had been no new reporting’s of Calamity’s coma since Steve was taken nearly two weeks ago. The number of known cases plateaued at 1,039.
They turn to the left toward the elevator.
"You and you..."
Everything was a matter of time. There was no time left. Either he waited and let Rhododendron figure out his suit and kill everyone in front of him then go on and do unspeakable things or destroy the suit now subsequently killing himself. Rhododendron said it was a shame if he couldn’t type.
All lingering thoughts of trying to remember that important thing he had forgotten had been completely eradicated from his mind.
“All members are in the compound.  All accounted for, Sir.”  Jarvis replied.
"Of course, Babydoll." He assured with a winning smile. "Let me finish this first." He said picking up the mower and pocketing the whetstone.
Captain America tried other avenues of combatting this robot that Tony taught him but it appears that Victor Von Doom was a couple steps the head of the technologically ignorant Captain. He figured that his best chance now was to lure it out and fight out in the open with Black Widow and Hawk Eye as back up. They have weapons that could put a dent in this thing in ways he could not. The Captain pulled out a flash bomb, he needed the bot to keep its focus on himself rather than going back to finish its mission. He threw it, lighting the room up with sheer radiance.
Never!
He knew he’d given up too much of himself right then, but Steve seemed to always have that affect on him.  He’s gotta stop hanging out with the Patriotic man or one of these days he’s going to know a little too much about the crazy genius…  Wait he already does.  Damn it.
He had just barely begun to live again…
That gave Tony pause. No one knew about that. Only their team did. How did this guy figure it out?! Then the horrible realization dawned on him. Perhaps his weapon’s capabilities weren’t so mysterious after all? Not if his system was compromised. That would be the only way he could know about Steve and have the capability to use such devastating technology. If SHIELD had truly been compromised like Fury thought then in all likelihood his own systems could have very well been compromised as well.
Tony shakingly, and quite reluctantly held out his hand and the small crystal landed in the middle of his palm. If any were to later ask he most certainly did not squeak when the crystal began to move and change shape. It seemed to unfold and come apart in a way that was not unlike old transformers figures. It didn't stop until the end result resembled… A fairy?
“No!” Tony shouted.
He squinted at her before rolling his eyes.
“And I believe we should destroy it, Maria just did bring up a valid point.”
“On whether or not Fury is hammered.” Steve clarified as his eyes twinkled.
He shook his head of the horrifying thought, trying to focus.
“Pot calls the kettle black.” Steve replied leering at Bucky.
“To think that the full wrath of Asgard was unleashed upon the Miigs, who were wholly undeserving of such a fate… What a pity.” She sighed.
“I believe Mr. Stark is onto something.  At this point in time we cannot afford to quickly rule anything out.  To me it makes sense that a penetrator of minds such as this alien foe would choose minds that have had havoc, chaos and true evil thrust upon them.  Such minds would be much more susceptible to such an assault.  In the meantime, I think it would be a wise idea to find out what exactly is going on in their heads.  If I may, Director,” Xavier motioned to Fury silently asking for permission to continue.
“Now, now do not give me that suspicious look, love. I have decided to give you the most precious of paragons.”
Rumlow charged him again. He was quick and cutthroat. Suddenly, the Strike soldier landed a solid punch to Bucky’s ribs. Our soldier coughed up blood immediately. His damaged lung tearing anew from the impact. He tried to remain evasive. This guy knew his stuff. He hardly felt any openings in his guard. Bucky couldn’t find a clear shot.
She giggled. Ellie snuggled into his arms more as he gently sat down not wanting to hurt her or spill the coffee.
"Oh God, please no, Steve!" His face plate and helm sprang away revealing his tear stained face.
“Do you wish us to figure it out?” Natasha ventured.
What did he do?! He has no idea where it all went wrong! Panic began to bubble beneath the surface of his consciousness. He was desperately trying to squash down the notion that everything that had happened so far was definitely his fault somehow.
“They’re attacking the zappers!” Barton confirmed.
“Do you want a specific one or shall I turn to a page at random?”
"About a minute." Tony replied.
“He’s my brother.” Steve said looking into Johnny’s eyes and grabbing his shoulder.
It wasn't even because the government had him by the balls due to his numerous recent transgressions. You know, the prison break and the infiltrating secure restricted facilities, thing. Those actions were necessary.
A/N: So Here it is. Enjoy!
“Hmmf, thank you Steve, you dick.” Replied Tony.
“All right.”
Steve had to get serious fast.
Why did he leave?
“And who’s fault is that?” Barnes almost whispered, his tone complete ice.
“Before, his mind was more malleable, like red-hot iron lit aflame from the resurgence of his memories that Hydra, had for so long, viciously suppressed. Back then it was easier to create something like a fence or wall to control the torrent of memories. Much like the gaps in a fence or windows in walls he could selectively view and recall specific memories at will without them consuming him.
Steve nodded and began to contemplate everything Calamity had told him especially the fact that she was telling him anything at all.  Why do that?
He made sure to give Clint a hard look, warning him not to start any trouble.  However Clint was highly unlikely to do so at this point still gingerly touching at his swollen eye every so often.  A constant reminder to keep his head on straight.
He approached the church timidly. He was happy to see that it was the very same one and still standing proudly. He inhaled deeply then exhaled sharply as he reached for the crystal doorknob. He turned it and his heart nearly leapt through his throat when it clicked open. He slowly entered not wanting to disturb any inhabitants seeking solace so late at night.
"What do you mean?" Steve asked, shivering at the ominous sensation he felt.
“Hey Cap, what cha drawing?”  The obnoxious genius asked arching his back as if he was trying to stretch out his very bones.  He then peeked down at the sketch pad in the Captains hands. “Really that scene again?”  He asked almost seemingly offended.
“I doubt that…”
Gotta keep it together.
A/N: And with that another one bites the dust. Chapter 48 will be the last chapter. So, stay tuned, it's all almost over. Don't forget to leave me a review. All questions, comments and theories welcome.
“Tell us,” Xavier started, “If you are going to be so forthcoming why are you doing what you’re doing?”
“Heimdall open the Bifrost!” He shouted to the sky.
Bucky had always been big and strong to Steve, he had been his teacher, protector and provider. He had been his voice of reason and his reality check. Bucky had also been his greatest supporter and would be right behind him if he wanted to reach for the stars. He was nurturing, when Steve was sick Bucky would remain diligently, ever faithfully by his side. Bucky was his confidant, his best friend, his brother.
“My dear Anthony, no matter how much you wish it, your foul looks cannot kill me.”  She sighed exasperatedly.
“Launching.”
The soldier spoke in such an unyielding way that he gave Tony goosebumps, so much so that the genius felt a spark of hope blossom within.
“Tony, you’re hiding.” She stated simply.
“That, and so much more.” He nodded.
Thank all of the gods above and below for giving Steve the serenity and patience to deal with this child right now.
Angie smirked, "Yes Captain!" She mocked saluted.
Twas nearly two hours later, Tony finished the altercations to his programs and was seeking out a decent cup of liquid gold.
They had ended up in the shipping bay.  Hank went straight to the X-jet to get ready to head back to New York.
He made it??
'This is going to be fun.'
~End Flashback~
Bruce entered the room and watched as Xavier left. He nodded to the others to continue as he made his way to stand next to The Captain.
“Father, what is the meaning of this!?” Thor shouted.
After everything that has happened so far not just to Steve but in the world in general, it’s mind blowing.  Steve remembered a time when black people were treated subhuman.  Now they hold powerful positions like Fury, like even the presidency.
Then all of the sudden The Captain noticed a shift in the room. The trio fussing over the patients went from discussing very complicated things to arguing.
He thought about all Calamity case in its entirety. Hell, he doesn’t even understand it.
Tony shuddered. It was likely the latter. From what Tony had gathered the Rhododendron was hell bent on revenge. Graham believed Steve killed Harker and because the good Captain was far out of his reach he was aiming for the next best thing, Tony Stark, Captain America's assumed lover.
Even the burning of his wrist where Calamity’s mark had been prominent had begun to recede. That too he could feel no more. He almost eagerly awaited his return to oblivion. He was most the way there any way.
“Tony, man, what the hell happened?” Sam asked.
Upon arrival Tony wanted to vomit. Dead citizens lined the streets. There were more than fifty innocent people dead and hundreds more injured from the look of it.
He really didn’t.
“I’m compromised, Barton! I’m not in control! Stay back!”
He flinched back at her tone all the while cradling his rapidly swelling face. She huffed sharply then turned on her heel and stomped out of the lab.
“It kind of is.” Bucky countered.
"Oh! Well, why didn't you just say so!" She exclaimed happily and tugged at his hand. "Let's go find him!"
“Yeah, she said as long as she got to keep the keystone everyone else would be fine.”  Steve clarified.
‘Like it’s actually going to hurt him.’ Tony thought sarcastically.
Tony’s heart plunged.
“If she does have it I doubt she’s used it yet.” Stated Tony.
A/N: Hello everyone and welcome back to this insane adventure I have cooked up for you all. I apologize profoundly for this horribly late update but I’ve been really busy as of late. But I’m here now so without any further ado, on with the show!
“I knew you were planning something.” She turned to him. “If you go through with it, you’ll lose him.” She uttered just above a whisper.
Here’s the kicker, if they became ill here on the helicarrier, then they were dealing with the frightening possibility that the foe causing it all was here on the helicarrier also. The red alert ensues.
'Oh, yeah.'
The moment he got to the door however he hesitated.  He did not even know what he was going to say. He did not know if Tony would even speak to him.  He groaned as he began to pace nervously in front of the door.  He tried to get his thoughts and order but they were a jumbled mess.
Charles’ expression morphed from mild concern to wholly stricken.
On the inside, however, he was screaming. Silently begging that godforsaken rabbit to take the offer so he would just let him go and leave this place.
Pietro appeared next to Clint and helped him grip the bow.
Dr. Hank McCoy, who arrived with the Professor, proceeded to assist Tony and Bruce in perceiving and assessing the visuals.
Tony flinched as if it was he himself she was touching. He desperately tried to shake off the dread and doubt her simple response conjured. The only weapon he had left was his confidence in his own abilities, he absolutely could not afford to lose that now.
Then he felt a world of shock and confusion when he realized her menstrations were actually healing him. Trust and believe he was vastly more vexed than Clint was at the moment. He just had to keep himself in check for the sake of his team. He would stay the cool and collected rock so that his team doesn’t have to.
What??
“Not completely,” she sighed. “Like I said before you cannot hope to begin to comprehend the things I have set in motion. However you must understand this: if I wanted you out of the way you would be dead. If I wanted you to utterly fail, I would not have shown myself to you nor would I have left such blatant clues behind these past millennia.” She stated ruefully.
Before the Captain could respond bullets began to rain down upon them. Captain America and Thor tried blocking them as best they could.
She smiled at him and rolled her eyes good-naturedly. "Of course, it is, dear." She said squeezing his left bicep lightly. "I also left a list of things I need you to pick up in town while I'm gone. It's on the table next to the door."
“It was amazing, Mommy!” Ellie explained as she began to re-account there drawing adventures.
“They would come after us.” Wanda countered.
The genius’s annoyance did nothing to diminish his concern, however. As advanced as the mechanics and technology used in Hydra’s cybernetic arm was; their execution was crude at best. It really went to show that they cared nothing for the subject. Barnes was merely a convenient body. It hurt and sickened Tony to no end. Tony was never ever going to admit it, he’d die first, but Barnes had become something of a friend despite every single fucking thing that has happened to this point.
"Tony, it's good to see you." Steve said holding out his hand.
The Captain began to explain in full detail how he intended to infiltrate the warehouse. He also explained how to access the jet and he briefly went over how to operate it. A lot of it rode on Bucky’s potential piloting skills. Steve was confident he could get them out of there safely. They just needed to time at all precisely. They also needed a hell of a lot of luck. Desperately hoping that no one else was coming for them. Considering that possibility he also went over what exactly they should do regarding whoever they may encounter. He told them what they should do if Shield should show up and he went over what they should do depending on which Avenger should show. The most basic plan for each was run like the wind.
"Unfortunately, for you Steven, you have already given me permission."
“Sir?”
Some of the other occupants of the room had started to calm down now that they’re was an honest to god plan in the works. Along with Mr. Stark and the various agents of SHIELD, they’re still trying to track the face of the mysterious woman they had captured on the helicarrier.  Now they have something connecting all the victims together and a plan to, if not fix the problem, at least get a glimpse inside the minds of the victims to get as close as they can to figuring out why all this is happening.  OK, so the cranky level of the room is starting to wane.
“ASSYMBLE!”
“Well partially of course for your involvement in my work.  In addition to that things are going to get worse from here on out.”
“It really is the end of the world.” Tony gulped and unlatched the steel case. He shook his head to purge his ominous thoughts then cleared his throat. “Okay.” He began. The others pulled up stools and a workbench making themselves comfortable. “This is the first step, the preliminary skeletal design. Its primary purpose is to get a good look at how the bone anchors and cybernetics will hold up. Technically, it’s fully functional and can work perfectly well for everyday use, but definitely won’t hold up well during battle.”
“Cap! I am glad to see you finally awake. It just wouldn’t due to see such a fine military man such as yourself sleep the day away. Right Jarvis?” He stated looking gleeful.
"I don't know who or what you are, but you are not real." He said as he started to doubt himself…
“You will need to continue moving that arm. I want you to do as many everyday activities as possible with your left hand.”
“Here” She pointed to the screen.
“‘Remember what I told you Captain Rogers, do not linger on the ‘what ifs.’  Let go of the past and embrace your present.’”  Steve nodded as he let the Professors hand go.
“Just hold on, Tony.” Steve squeezed his hand even tighter, almost breaking it.
“She took him!” Tony shouted deafeningly.
He was nearly done.
“Not for this procedure.” She answered. “I’m not going to let you two get distracted anymore.” She said with conviction. “I don’t care what you two do to each other any other time but during medical procedures you two are going to stay focused. One little mistake could be costly.” She looked from one to the other as she thoroughly scolded them.
“No, not in the least.” Was Tony’s forlorn reply.
~-0-~
Tony flirts with him but he’s been known to flirt with a lot of people.  He knows that the genius cares about him, enough to put him through this mess of a house arrest and keeping him in the dark.  God he is so lost and confused.
“No it’s fine, I just hope the key to all this is hidden somewhere in well… all this.” Steve replied gesturing to all of the books in his arms.
They all knew, each and every one of them, that coming out of this current plight unscathed was surely impossible. However they then and there swore to each other that they were all in it together, to the end.
Soon enough, though, he had found himself in the room that overlooked the sky.  The one he and Tony had fallen asleep in not so long ago.  He stared up that the sky and simply marveled at how it was turning brilliant hues of orange and yellows and that the more the sun began to set more purple was becoming visible.  He began to think deeply about everything.  He thought of how he ended up to this point.  He thought of his childhood and everything that led him to the army.  He thought of Dr. Erskine and how he chose Steve for the experiment.  He thought of his time in the army making movies.  He thought of Peggy. He thought of his team the Howling Commandos and of Bucky.  He thought of the Red Skull and the Tesseract and how he ended up in the ice.  He thought of waking up in a time that was worlds apart from the one that he left behind.
Lina the mayor came to visit him again later, looking no less serious than before.
"Damn," Clint swore. "I was really hoping he'd made it out after I heard the police found no survivors and no bodies at the site."
"Okay. If you feel you're up to it." Steve gave Tony's hand a pat, then let go and sat up straight, clearly steeling himself for what was to come, full of trepidation.
"And she's happily matched with Happy." As soon as the words were out, Tony realized they'd probably sounded bitter, even though he hadn't meant it that way. Really, it was best for everyone.
Tony shrugged. "I told you, I can't be sure about that. I didn't, when I was still able to think. What goes through my head when it's happening, that's anyone's guess."
"Trust me, I wouldn't be asking you if I didn't," Tony says, turning his own cup around in his hands. "I've tried everything I can think of. There's no model designation on the regulator, just a serial number that doesn't give me any hits on your database. The thirium that came from this android has no identifying info at all. I know the specs and they don't fit anything in your catalogue. It's like the model doesn't exist. If I didn't have concrete proof, I'd be starting to suspect I imagined the whole thing."
Steve bit his lip. He needed to be more careful; regardless of what Tony remembered or didn't remember, he hadn't heard the details of the rescue yet. "No, no, I meant the older things. He didn't catch me, even though he thought he had. How much do you know about what we did to get you out?"
"Being a mechanic must be more exciting than I thought," Steve said.
Out of all the people Tony had traveled with, Steve Rogers was the most mysterious, and the most intriguing. Just a few days with him in the field had made it clear why General Fury had paired him up with Tony. His seemingly fragile frame held so much fire and fight in it that it put most larger men to shame, and he was smart enough to easily follow Tony's often convoluted trains of thought all the way to the terminal.
Clearly, Tony wasn't that deeply asleep; he blinks, looks up at her, and then seems to spot Steve, his eyes going wide. "Sorry, I don't think I'm awake yet," he says. "I'm seeing things that make no sense."
Its torso is just as lifelike as its face, all perfectly sculpted muscle that'd put most humans to shame. It doesn't seem to be breathing—the obscenely well-formed pecs are still as death. Tony isn't sure if a military model would breathe even while intact, but if he had to guess, he'd say yes. Most of the detail on this android is pointless; there's absolutely no reason for it to look so pretty, and yet, there it is.
"Now why would you say that?" Tony asked.
A few young and adventurous human locals had also offered their assistance, but after a long conversation, Steve and the others had turned them down, opting for a team where everyone knew each other. So there were only the six of them: Steve, Sam, Rhodey, Jarvis, Pepper, and Natasha, who was invaluable as a guide. She knew the Northerners' trade routes, and had planned their itinerary to avoid them.
"Well. It's," Tony tried again. "I know this, this arrangement we've got isn't anything remotely romantic, and I know you know I don't tend to do the dating thing anyway, but I like you a lot, Steve. I thought I should tell you that. And that I wouldn't mind trying the dating thing with you, sometime. Like a proper relationship. Maybe get together while you're in your own body, for a change. That kind of thing."
The camouflage was a precaution, one of several they were taking. When they'd contacted Fury, he had told them that so far, there was no all-points bulletin for Steve or Pepper due to the events surrounding Steve's escape. Stane hadn't gone to the authorities about it, which supported Tony's guess that he wanted to keep it quiet to hide his blunder from Hydra. Instead, Stane had been granted the liberty to operate his drones freely around the city, which he'd asked for based on a vague concern for personal and company security. That meant Ultron would be out there looking for them, even if SHIELD and the NYPD weren't.
"I had no idea," Steve said, at a loss for words.
"When did this happen?" Steve demanded.
"I'm afraid the coffee's been sitting in the pot for some time. I ordered it before Tony showed up," Jan said. "I'll call and ask them to bring a fresh batch, if you'd like?" The contrast between her politeness and the sour treatment Steve had gotten from Jarvis earlier couldn't have been more obvious.
Randall backed away, definitely unnerved. "Really, Mr. Rogers, there's no need for that. I'm only thinking of what's best for you. Don't say I didn't warn you." He paused, as if for dramatic effect. "Your mind has been in penitentiary storage for the past eighty-five years. I'm afraid your original body was not preserved."
Tony did lie down, landing heavily on his back on his wide, luxurious bed as soon as he'd reached it.
"You're late," Rhodey told him, not looking at him but going straight for the paper. He grimaced when he saw the title. "Oh. Soulmates. I thought this was going to be something relevant to my interests."
"You can—" Tony began, but then, for no apparent reason, drew back his hand and sat up straight. "Didn't I tell you not to disturb me?" he said to the empty room around them, his eyes unfocused. Clearly, he was addressing someone outside the scenario that Steve couldn't hear. Whatever it was about, it wasn't making him happy.
Tony led Steve to a narrow flight of stairs in one corner of the bar. They climbed up three floors; there didn't seem to be an elevator, and there was definitely no bellhop around to help with luggage, either. Of course, in all fairness, the place called itself an inn, and not a hotel. It was exactly the kind of dive where Steve would've expected to meet those thugs he'd interrogated earlier. It didn't seem like the safest possible pick for Tony, but since those mobsters knew who Tony really was, maybe he thought they'd rather go look for him in some luxurious suite than in a sleazy joint like this.
"I'd call that good," Steve said. At least that ruled out one type of trouble Tony could've been in. He'd feared there might've been another warehouse fire.
Steve crossed his arms. "A hundred, or I go elsewhere. That's already a bargain."
"Not going to bruise, you know," Steve told him, his voice coming through strained, the way he was holding his head.
"Let me do the work," Steve suggested. He took hold of one of Tony's worn sneakers and opened the straps.
Pepper got up from the couch as well, her eyes still on him. "So, that's your solution? You're just going to ignore this and drown it in liquor?"
Bucky's mouth fell open. He couldn't have heard that right. "Dinosaurs," he repeated dumbly. "Like those giant lizards?"
He makes his workshop off-limits to Steve. Telling Steve about the armor without revealing where it originated and what was powering it would be tricky. Besides, there is always the slight chance that Kamski sent Steve here to spy on him. Better not risk it.
Tony prodded his arm. "You're no fun as an audience," he complained, though his tone was light. "It's all true, and it felt pretty darn awful. That bolt shut down the repulsor pump, and it's only because I had Rhodey there to help me get it running again that I'm still talking to you."
Steve felt like he might fall down, himself; after everything, this was almost more than he could take. He didn't know what to feel anymore. Could this really, actually be Tony? He'd thought the other one had been him, until he'd been convinced otherwise, when Tony had—when he'd been standing next to Steve in the bedroom, holding a knife, or pliers, or a hammer, sitting on the mattress, his hand on Steve's thigh, his fingers closing around Steve's throat—his eyes meeting Steve's just as they did now, sad and disappointed.
Tony did his damnedest to hold back what he felt and to answer every single word Steve said with a quick wisecrack, simultaneously searching for any sign of a reaction on Steve's extremely handsome face. He couldn't catch one, nothing beyond exasperation and confusion, and try as he might, he couldn't tell if some of the jumble of feelings buzzing through his mind might be coming from Steve.
Steve didn't carry weapons, of course. He could defend himself just fine without. Tony's hands came to rest at Steve's hips, and he gave Steve a demure look through his long lashes. "So, tough guy. Tell me more about your plans for me."
There was a loud knock at the door, followed by a stern command in Natasha's voice. "NYPD! Open the door!"
"Tony, I think this sounds really promising," Pepper said.
"That never gets old," Happy commented, his face grim. From Steve's point of view, the image was too distorted to make much sense of, but he could tell it showed a human figure and a lot of blood.
He remembers every biocomponent, knows its beefed-up servos and its reinforced chassis, knows how it had a dusting of blond hair on its arms and legs but not on its torso. He knows that even though it had nipples, it had no genitals under its clothes.
"Yes, and another man ended up in the hospital," Steve said.
Steve Rogers sits a few feet away from him, focused on digging through the contents of an army green rucksack.
There was a lone guard standing between them and the Vault. Seren offered to take care of him, but Bucky insisted on doing it. He seemed wary of the dinosaur. No doubt he only saw claws and teeth when he looked at Seren. He wasn't used to her kind, and couldn't tell how poorly she looked; so thin that one could discern the outlines of delicate bones under her scales and her miserably scrawny coat of feathers.
Steve blew out a frustrated breath. "Anything at all you can tell me about her?"
Steve followed suit. After all, he was in a hurry, too. Sorting out the details of his plan and the few practical preliminary steps had taken several hours, even though they'd worked as fast as possible. Far too long. Every minute as a captive would bring Tony that much closer to permanent death.
Tony let go and just grabbed hold of Steve's pecs instead, massaging them. "Nothing to apologize for. No particular reason why it would be. From my perspective, it's all top-notch, still."
"This is wrong," Steve growls, his voice deep and thick with the same emotions that show on his face. "Someone has to stop them. Someone has to do something."
Finally, Steve moves away from Tony and grabs an armful of logs to encourage the dwindling embers in the stove to a roaring fire. That should keep the hut nice and warm. Still, he knows that all the steps he's taken to bring up Tony's temperature probably won't be enough; if Steve had to guess, he'd say it's well below 90 degrees. Rewarming him will undoubtedly require more advanced measures.
"But that's the person you thought you'd be working with," Tony pointed out. "The adventurer from the magazine. Not some tired old man with a past full of regrets."
"If you're expecting a 'thank you,' you're out of luck." Tony glances at the surroundings past Steve. It's a serene highland view: nothing but grass-covered hills, low bushes, and a rock here and there. Not a single sign of civilization to be seen. "Some rescue, by the looks of it. Do you even know where we are?"
Just like when he'd walked into the Cod, Steve spotted Tony at the first glance.
"I know we usually don't, but what would you say if I stuck around tonight? I feel like I shouldn't leave you alone after that," Tony offered, sounding uncharacteristically timid. He'd definitely been frightened.
"Like I said, I'm not safe to be around," Tony repeated. "I can't be out there among people, not when I can't trust myself to keep it under control. I've already hurt too many. Killed some, too." His voice broke towards the end, the remorse in it tangible.
feel?"
"Captain. How brave of you to show your face here again," Ultron greeted him, the sound emanating from both drones at the exact same time.
His hopes for finding more information renewed, Steve jogs towards the tent and calls out, "Hello! Anyone there?"
"I think you should. It felt amazing." Steve brought his hand to Tony's cheek, and bent closer to give him a quick kiss on the lips. "One of the best I've ever had."
"Oh, but I think you do," Fedora said, and raised his hand, pointing a revolver at Tony's face. "If you value your life, you're gonna take us to it, and hand it over."
Steve stopped in his tracks.
Stark muttered something irritable that didn't sound like English, but put his arms over Bucky's shoulders anyway, allowing Bucky to pick him up on piggy-back. It was only some fifteen feet to the other side of the room, and Bucky had no trouble carrying Stark across, especially since he was lighter than one would expect from a man his height. He must've lost weight over the month he'd spent in captivity, Bucky thought, with another pang of guilt.
Ten years later, the media goes wild with reports of an android liberation movement in Detroit. Unlike the human-driven android rights charities that Tony's been donating copious amounts of money to over the years, this is an actual rebellion of androids demanding equal rights for themselves.
"Of course I do," he said.
There was also the matter of his preferences. Jarvis had implied, Steve had thought, that Tony was gay, and here he was, proving just that. How could any impersonator possibly know about it, let alone be willing to live up to it?
He gets up, holding on to his prize. He made his choice. He's going to have to live with it.
He's mad at Steve anyway. For meddling in his affairs, giving the impression that he actually cares.
"Now we can talk," she said. "Take a seat."
He grits his teeth and pulls on his socks and shoes. A wave of dizziness washes over him as he stands up. Hunger and exhaustion. He's so tired, he imagines he could lie down on the moss by the stream and nap.
Tony's whole body twitched, so hard that he nearly kicked Steve in the face when his knee jerked upwards, and he groaned aloud again. "Ahh, Steve, please!"
Finally getting a proper look at the thugs he'd caught, he recognized one of them as the same rat-faced man who'd walked away with Tony last night. That was good. It had crossed Steve's mind that they might've tried to run away simply because they were common criminals and had been spooked by the sight of Captain America. Although the second man, who was bigger and had several pronounced scars crossing his face, wasn't familiar to Steve, there was a good chance he might know something as well, if he was in league with the first man.
The first impression Tony had gotten of the Vault when he'd been taken to see the collection of ancient machinery it contained hadn't quite given him the full picture of what he had to work with. The days he spent cataloguing the parts soon made it clear that his project was going to be more challenging than he'd hoped.
That explained a lot of things, but it also made some more confusing.
Tony said.
Steve pulled back his hand and straightened up in his chair. The idea of Hydra brainwashing was disturbing, but it wouldn't concretely help him with the investigation. "I'm going to keep that option in mind, but the thing is, if something like that is at play, then I doubt anyone can anticipate what Tony will do next," he thought aloud. "Now, if we were to assume, instead, that he's in control of his own actions and not responsible for the fires, what would you think he's up to?"
Steve squares his shoulders. "I always do my best to fulfill whatever task I'm given. Currently that is to take care of your safety and well-being, which is exactly what I'll do, to the best of my ability," he announces in his official CyberLife voice. "If it's not what you want, maybe you should give me different orders."
He sent Tony a few more texts, asking him to explain himself, but Tony didn't reply.
He was considering what to ask next, when there was a noise from the direction of the door. That must be Tony returning. Steve straightened up in his chair, the earlier excitement bubbling up, entirely unasked for. Again, it turned out to be premature.
"Look, James, I know you have your orders, but is there any chance you could let me take a brief walk outside? This constant gloom is really starting to get to me," Stark asked, an intense look in his eyes that was at odds with his hesitant tone.
That image brought up so many other memories, calling to mind all those men and women he'd served with in the War who had died while he had lived. Both the ones he had known well, like Bucky, falling from that plane, and the ones he'd never even talked to, but who had still had their lives and their stories, and loved ones they'd left behind when they'd given their lives to serve their country.
"It's a hit. I repeat, target is down," Clint announced. "Nat, can you confirm?"
Tony scratched at the back of his neck, looking uncomfortable. "It's just—it was nothing, really."
