Dean tried to swallow, but it was difficult when his heart was beating in his throat.
Cas smiled at him, just the way Dean imagined it earlier.
“Bobby Singer,” Bobby introduced himself, but left it there.
“Alright, let’s get moving,” Dean said, marching off to find something to do to keep himself busy. As he dug into counting cans, gathering the rest of their books and supplies, and packing cars, the anxiety worrying away at the back of his mind started to subside.
Dean grabbed Cas’ wrist and met his eyes. He smiled a small, shy smile around the knuckle he was holding gently between his teeth as an affirmation—a way to keep that intangible light shining on him. Cas pulled his hand away so he could press his nose against the skin he’d traced with his fingers, and as he breathed Dean in like he could live off the scent alone, his wings flared out dangerously behind him.
“Uh, great,” Dean muttered, and as the front door swung open he stuffed his hands in his pockets.
“I’m no longer a major concern. And neither, for that matter, are you. I’ve proven my… inability to take orders. And their interest in you extended only so long as Michael and Lucifer’s did.” As Cas spoke, he reminded Dean again of the angel they first met—a cold, emotionless soldier.
Dean would have laughed if he weren’t close to crying like a little bitch. He glanced over to where Cas was half collapsed on the bed beside him, getting picked up by Bobby and shuffled into the room at the back of the trailer.
The Who were playing through the speaker and Dean was tapping his thigh to
“I’m sorry. Again. For last night. Kinda got a little crazy there.” Nerves were making his gut churn. He took a moment to lean against the closed door before pushing off of it to approach Cas slowly.
Turiel pushed air out of his nose, annoyed and trying to regain the attention of the group. “Listen. You need to find the key,” he said, folding his hands on the table in front of him.
He reached up to grab Cas’ wrist gently, unlike before, unlike in the trailer, and turned to look at him.
I hope you enjoy the chapter! Again, I shuffled a couple of things around to make the flow of the fic work better, so this is a long one. In chapter 4, things start to get weird—so I hope you stick with me.
Sam exited the shop and noticed the same group that Dean had, and quickly walked towards the car.
He focused on the sound of the grass crunching underfoot. He was calmed, somehow, by the fact that no matter which path they took, no matter how many times, the sick crunch of decaying plants followed them almost everywhere—when it wasn’t the rough roll of gravel. Fall had always been Dean’s favourite season, and maybe, if one good thing could come out of the end of the world, is that it kind of always felt like fall.
, Dean thought,
The sun set earlier these days, or at least, it got dark faster. The dim grey light made it hard to see, even the stationary trailer homes and tiny bungalows that peppered the side of the road were getting more difficult to make out in the gloom. They hadn’t slept the night before, opting instead to make one last long drive closer to the coast to see if they could find anything to bring back to Bobby’s. It had been a bust, and they were still at least a day away from Sioux Falls.
“You do,” Sam said, turning away from him in frustration but whipping back around so quickly it almost made Dean dizzy. “But if anything happens that falls outside of your extremely specific expectations of him, you fly off the handle. What happened in there,” he continued, pointing up at the old house, “wasn’t his fault. But you treated him like a pariah.”
A few hours later, Dean woke to Sam coughing a dry morning cough and slamming the car door. And soon after that, way too soon for Sam to have gotten any good amount of distance away, he heard the distinct sound of piss hitting dead leaves.
“It’s the end of the world, son. Maybe now’s the time to live for yourself a little.” When Bobby said it, his face cracked open, like he’d been holding in the words for so long they’d scabbed over.
“Look, Dean, I’m fine. Maybe you should go check on Cas.”
“You good to move out?” Dean asked from the couch. The one good thing about this stinking trailer was that people were essentially never out of earshot. If you could consider that a good thing.
The pain in his head had barely faded since they left Bobby’s, so he was having a hard time figuring out what was the spell and what was the hangover.
Dean’s face fell into his hands and he started to laugh—the kind that gets pushed out of your chest when you can’t fucking believe the situation you’re in.
Turiel stayed quiet and shot Afriel a dirty look.
Then, as the four figures stood outside of the house one of them had called home his entire adult life, where two of them had found the only solace from their childhoods, and where the last one had almost died protecting the people he loved, Bobby threw a lit Zippo into a shallow puddle of Gasoline.
Dean half expected to find the other side of the room empty. But there he was, Cas, standing solemnly amongst the blood and destruction laid to waste around them. He was so clean and so untouched it made Dean’s stomach hurt. He wanted to reach out and leave a mark.
“It’s ok,” Dean assured, quieting him with a touch. He rolled his neck and took a breath as he turned to his brother and uncle, who were looking back at him with perfectly open faces. “Me n’ Cas. He, uh. We…”
Dean wasn’t going to say anything, so Sam jumped in for him. “John,” he said, “John Winchester.”
The light in the yard had turned off—when, Dean couldn’t say— and the lamp was casting a dim glow throughout the room. It was warm inside, and the yellow light and the browns and reds of the leather books and worn furniture helped soothe Dean’s mind. It helped him forget about the gaping wounds that had been torn open that night.
“Gross, dude.”
“Jackpot.”
“Well this,” Dean said, aggressively hitting the hood of the car twice, “Is a goddamn Honda. Not the Impala.” He turned his back on them and half-sat on the hood, resting his elbows on his knees and relaxing his hold on the rye.
“You and me, okay?” Dean moved his hand from Cas’ shoulder to the nape of his neck, pressing his fingertips into the soft hair there.
Cas’ face hardened, his mouth set in a tight, determined line.
He kissed along Cas’ shoulder, biting into the firm muscle and digging his fingers into the small of his back. His hands were sliding across slick skin like he was at a goddamn massage parlour.
“I’m sorry, what now?”
“Thanks,” Dean said, cringing at the noise but heading inside anyway.
“Hey. It’s because of you we’re not lying somewhere with a few dozen bullet holes in us. The three of us couldn’t have taken down those hunters on our own. That was all you, man.” Dean ran his hands down Cas’ arms and grabbed his wrists, feeling the faint pulse point there beneath his fingertips.
Cas got back on his feet after about seventy-two hours, and unless Dean had seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn’t have believed the guy could stay down for that long—it was like he was trying to catch up on all of the sleep he’d missed when he was an angel. But he was rested, and the bruises on his jaw and around his eye had faded to a pale green.
“Hello, Charlie” he replied, giving her a small smile. And it was so Cas, so perfectly, indisputably Dean’s idiot angel, he couldn’t help but laugh as he turned to grab his face with one hand.
A small, warm smile pulled at the corners of Cas’ mouth. “Thank you, Dean. Sleeping is something I’m… still growing accustomed to. But it was easier the night we spent together.”
“Yeah, he got you back on your feet, or as close to your feet as you’re gonna get until you feel a hundred percent.” Dean took the cloth from Sam when he was done cleaning himself up. His hair was still sticking out at all angles, so Dean reached over the end of the bed to pull the comb from Sam’s bag.
He had his brother back, who was fine if not a little rattled, but Cas was—who knows what Cas was. Bobby had all but barred him from the room and Dean knew he was too chickenshit to force his way in. He kept hearing the words he’d said to him again and again,
Henry’s stiff posture didn’t change, but his eyes narrowed at Dean’s question.
Sam hurried back into the room and leaned Dean back up to take his shirt off, wincing at the bruises that were already spreading across his torso.
He finally turned, and something stuck in the hunter’s throat at the way wet snow sat heavy in Cas’ hair and slid down his face, leaving behind cool, damp trails that practically demanded to be chased with Dean’s tongue.
Bobby shook his head. “You boys keep fighting, I’ll turn this car around.”
Again, thank you Tardimaid, for your patience and for deleting all of my commas.
“Dude, job’s finished. You’re officially off the clock.”
“This isn’t about
“Your grandfather. He had secrets he kept from your father,” Turiel said, ignoring the gun pressed against his forehead and looking between Sam and Dean. “But maybe we’d be more comfortable speaking somewhere that isn’t so… gusty.” And in a second, they were all seated in a semi-circular booth at a diner.
Cas sat up, resting on his hands. “I don’t have anything else to wear,” he said simply.
Unfortunately for the door, that was the final blow. It had never been right on its hinges, and while they both watched, the cheap compressed wood fell out of the frame and went crashing to the ground outside.
“My connection to the Host is—”
**********
He pulled on fresh socks and a flannel shirt, ignoring his mud-caked boots where he’d tossed them into the corner of his room. Taking one more breath, bracing himself for the day, he opened the door and made his way back to the library.
“He did, did he?” Dean asked, groaning as he stood.
In another L-shaped hallway, they found furnished bedrooms. They each shot-gunned their favourite—although it didn’t really matter, they all looked the same—like they were kids on a tear after moving into a new house.
Cas lifted his eyebrows, just a fraction, but walked to the driver’s door to unlock the car.
Dean woke up the next day, early and on fire. He was in a strange room, that much he could tell, with soft sheets and filled with the smell of pine. He was wrapped around something warm and firm—but that something was bent at the wrong angle. He tried to drag it down to a more prone position but it didn’t move an inch.
Bobby sat back down in his chair carefully. It was starting to buckle from use, and the frame could go at any second. “No fiesta. Get some rest tonight. Tomorrow we’ll figure out what we got and what we need.”
Cas was distracting, a weakness, and this world had a habit of cutting out weaknesses.
Wiping his hand on his jacket, he looked around at their camp. It was already half packed up and most of what they’d brought with them or found, that they’d use again on the road, was gone.
“Do we have a plan?” Cas asked, leaning in so Dean could feel shallow puffs of breath against the shell of his ear. “Is that good, Dean?”
“Yes. I would bleed for this planet until my vessel was dry.” He unsheathed his angel blade. “As I would bleed anyone who tries to interfere. I am finished. We are finished.”
“You can call me Cas,” he continued hesitantly. Dean looked at him like he was crazy, but the angel just shrugged. Dean decided he’d have to knock some of his more irritating human habits right out of his head.
“Hey Cas,” he whispered, “I don’t know where you are, but I just—”
He cleaned guns. He cleaned them again. He wiped at the grime on the countertops. He patrolled the park, almost hoping someone, or something, would cross him.
“You were successful,” Cas said, noticing the burden of the weight of the containers.
Even the sun shone brighter through the windows.
Before Sam could turn to join Bobby at the map, a voice called out behind them.
Cas entered the flickering circle of light a minute later. “Jesus,” Sam sat up and tried to focus on the angel. “What kinda heart-to-heart were you having. You look miserable.”
. My name is Castiel.”
Cas frowned and ran his fingers over the deep etchings that covered the stone’s surface. “No. But I don’t know if we have any other choice. Eventually, Afriel and Turiel will find us, even with the additional warding we’ve added to the bunker. They’ll do what they must to retrieve the tablet. Without it, they’ll have to face the wrath of an archangel.”
“Hey,” he said, pulling back and holding the sides of his brother’s head, “Let’s get you cleaned up huh? I’ll be right back,” he said, jumping up to get his brother something to wipe the blood off of his face. He grabbed one of the clean rags soaking in the same bucket he’d passed to Bobby and rushed back inside. He found Sam pushing off the sheets and trying to sit up, his back to the door as Dean entered.
The black embrace tightened around him, and Dean sighed into it.
“You’ve been working here four freakin’ days,” he snapped.
Abaddon was locked in place and her painted mouth hung slack. Taking advantage of the moment of distraction, Sam stood up on long, shaking legs and pulled his gun out of his belt and fired. She reeled as the bullet hit her forehead, just left of centre, and when she stepped back, the hunters looked on in shock as her head fell to the floor.
As she disappeared, Sam and Bobby pushed outside, blinking into the harsh light the same way Dean had.
“Hey, look at what we got left. It’s just me and you, and Sam, and Bobby. We’re still here, and no one expects you to be anything more than you are, and no matter what that looks like, today or tomorrow or whenever, it won’t change how we feel about you.”
“I’m not a stranger. I told you, I’m Charlie. And you’re Sam, and you’re Dean. Who’s tall, dark, and handsome over there? And who’s the guy in the trench coat?”
“We need to check on Sam,” Dean said, his voice still thick from the smoke that so quickly engulfed the small room. In the back of the store, they could see flames licking the outside of the break room’s door.
“Yes. You should sleep for a few hours,” Cas said, gripping his other arm and lifting him out of the chair.
“Look,” Turiel said. “We were sent down, despite the war raging in Heaven, to retrieve it. It’s an object, a tablet, that’s meant to help us in our battle against Lucifer.”
“Sam and Bobby have already started. We’ll need to work quickly.”  Cas stood, picking up the second mug on his way up.
“Maybe not here, but who knows what could be waiting for us on the other side. I’ve already been ganked once in the last 24 hours, and I’d like to avoid it for another day or two,” Dean said, eyeing the pavement they were parked on. And he was right, they didn’t know what was beyond the barricade. But it was either figure this bridge out or backtrack south, which meant they wouldn’t be making it as far on the fuel they had left. And although they had angelic assistance, Dean didn’t want to drain Cas’ battery because of some sandbags and barbed wire.
Dean winked and laughed at the look on Sam’s face as he turned on the coffee pot. With that done, he stirred the pot of oatmeal that was already bubbling on the stove. Dean sighed as he looked at it. He didn’t know how much more of this paste he could eat.
**********
And they were gone.
“We saw a group of people,” Sam half-explained to Cas. “They… weren’t in good shape.”
With all of his angelic… stuff. It shook him, that this person he thought he knew better than anyone, other than Sam, wasn’t really a person at all.
“Mornin’, kid,” Bobby said, looking at him like he was trying to get a read on him. “Feeling better than yesterday?”
Cas just looked at him, head cocked and eyes crinkling at the corners. “I can think of more appropriate words to describe the last twenty-four hours.”
Cas brushed his nose behind the curve of Dean’s jaw, pressing his lips there for only a second until removing his weight entirely.
“No?” Turiel looked at him. “Is our little traitor going to rebel again? It seems you’ve already got… him.” He looked at Dean with unmasked contempt. “So, what is it this time, hm?”
He cleared his throat as goosebumps raised on his skin everywhere they touched. Cas was sitting stock-still, but the uneasiness from earlier was creeping back onto his face. He moved to stand, tugging out from under Dean until he was stopped with a hand on his chest.
Bobby and Cas headed off to start the search, but before diving in, Dean made another run out to the cars. He grabbed an armful of their supplies, ignoring a couple of the boxes of crap they didn’t need
“I think we came through here with Dad, once,” Sam said, trying to get more comfortable in his seat. There wasn’t enough room for him in this shitty sedan, Dean knew. Served him right for locking Baby away.
“I thought you said your mojo was charged,” Dean said, trying not to lose his patience. “I need your help here, man.”
After every other hunt, Cas would up and go. Midway through most conversations, he’d just take off. If Dean ever considered saying the words out loud—the ones he only let himself half-form in the dark—when would he even have the chance?
Dean wanted to shoot something back at him, he really did,  but he couldn’t find the energy to do it.
Cas, Sam, and Bobby went down the stairs that took them into the open space of the room below. Dean stayed on the upper platform, looking around for something, but unsure of what. And then he found it—a fuse box.
Bobby was looking at the ground around the front of the car. Every step they made in the ash-coated grass left a print, and the relentless, quiet wind blew in more from the coast that coated the paths they’d already taken and made the new ones obvious, like walking through fresh snow.
“What? No, this isn’t—” but Cas cut him off.
“So what?” Dean said, keeping his hand where it was, thumb curling around his chin, leaning in closer. “You gonna say no?” he asked dangerously, Dean asked, biting his lip as he stared at Cas’ mouth.
“So it’s just hunter bait, basically.”
**********
“So, when do we go?” Sam asked.
**********
Afriel stood back and lifted her ratty shirt. Her stomach wasn’t as gnarled with scarring as her face and arms, and as she looked at the pale flesh there, the markings appeared. Then she returned to Turiel, who started when she lifted his shirt to manifest the same markings on his vessel.
He glanced over at Cas, trying to measure his reaction. He wasn’t looking for approval, but he did hope the guy would be impressed. It had taken them weeks to set all of this up and Dean had practically thrown out his back with the effort. Bobby’s property wasn’t huge, but they did what they could to make sure they had all of their bases covered.
“I dunno. Ask the pork rind police over here,” Dean accused, jutting a thumb at Sam.
“Without getting too specific, Sammy? It was a great night.” He flashed him a grin and went back to measuring out stale grounds they’d stocked up on during their last run, humming the chorus to
“I’ll go,” Cas said. He’d been nervously shifting in their peripherals—obviously uneasy about how they were treating the tablet but trying to trust Sam to do the right thing.
**********
“I’m gonna go for a shower,” Sam announced, standing up and breaking the weird tension that had built between them. A ‘shower’ is what they called taking a bucket of boiled water and a cloth between two trailers—far enough away that they had some privacy but not far enough away that if they got jumped no one would hear them. It was cold as hell and all kinds of uncomfortable, so it didn’t happen nearly as often as it should.
“So what does the paper say?” Sam asked Dean, as he was pulling the envelope out of his coat. Guess part of the spell made sure whatever was in his fancy suit pocket got transferred into his dirty work coat. He wished he’d shoved a few bottles of beer in his pockets.
“No time. Nothing clean. Get in.”
They burned through some of their supplies, mostly the food. They tried to preserve the bottled water by boiling water from the murky well out back. Cas would sometimes disappear to collect things when they were running a little low, but it felt like he was gone longer and longer each time. Dean put his foot down when he appeared in the kitchen one day with snacks from a 7-11 in Thailand and deep circles under his eyes.
he couldn’t remember it happening.
Were there sparks? Dean could swear he could see sparks.
The demon holding Cas tightened his grip on his collar and pushed the blade deeper into his flesh. Cas closed eyes against the pressure.
**********
“Well,” Dean had said, standing over her, “that ain’t for you to judge. And the fact you went all Minority Report on innocent people means we’ve got to come to some sort of agreement here.”
Dean and Sam shared a look. They must have been more tired than they thought if they missed her standing so close to them.
, Dean thought before shoving it aside. Cas had made things pretty clear. He just had to try and not fuck up so monumentally for a few days. Maybe get his head together enough to hold his damn hand in public.
“Mornin’, Sunshine,” Dean said, gently stroking his hair to rouse him. Cas opened one eye slowly, unused to the slow grind of coming out of sleep.
Dean woke up to an empty room. The bed that had been Sam’s was left with nothing more than an imprint where Cas had decided to sit for a minute or second or a few hours while Dean slept. The rumpled bedspread was the only clue that he’d even been there until he got to the coffee maker.
“No thanks.” Sam sounded drained and was already dragging himself into the back seat. Cas got out to make room.
But Dean remembered what Cas had said to him at Charlie’s. More than remembered. Dean had been replaying, dissecting, and agonizing over it since that day. And as they all dug into their dinners, Dean cleared his throat.
“No,” Dean said, moving to sit beside him, “Hey, you’re not. Cas, look at me.”
Dean’s breath hitched and he turned around to face Cas, grabbing his head to kiss him deep and slow. He felt Cas’ hand slide over the curve of his ass and press their hips together, and as Dean groaned and rutted against him, he could already feel Cas getting hard. The angel broke their kiss and dropped his back with a quiet, needy sound that made the hairs on Dean’s arms stand on end.
“Not a problem,” Dean said, grasping the cheap plastic of the steering wheel—smooth beneath his fingers where the owner, whoever they’d been, had worn down the pebbled texture.
Outside, it was already dark.
“Dean, we can’t leave the car out here unguarded. It isn’t safe, and we can’t afford to lose it.”
?” Dean spat back, raising his hands to push his brother away. He didn’t make contact, but Sam stood his ground as Dean backed away.
Dean couldn’t believe it, none of them could.
The next morning was Dean’s second shittiest in two days, and he was face down on a pillowcase that probably hadn’t been washed in a decade. He rolled over and wiped the dried spit from the side of his mouth, grimacing at the sweaty feeling of his boots still laced tightly on his feet. The blanket he was lying on—not under—was one of those ancient bedspreads with the little yarn bits that stuck out on the corners of every stitched square. They were itching his skin where his shirt had ridden up in his fitful sleep.
He sent a quick prayer of thanks to Cas for saving his brother’s life. “We have any of the boiled water left?”
He reached forward, deciding to act instead of thinking it through, but as he touched the fabric the trench coat disappeared.
“There was so much talking.” Cas laid back on the bed, his feet still on the floor. It was the closest the angel had ever come to sounding sulky.
“We have to
Cas ignored him. So he tried, “Hey, buddy.” As soon as he said it he winced a little.
“Do you think Michael will actually fix this place up when he gets the tablet?” Afriel asked, ducking under a collapsed stone pillar. “I’d really like to see it all put back together.”
Sam just rolled his eyes. “We need everything we’ve found. And we can’t expect Cas to keep making runs for us.”
Cas’ mouth twisted. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
Sam laughed. “We don’t have any beer, and we don’t have any pong,” he said. Sam was a little drunker than Dean expected, which was absolutely according to plan. Although he was still being a little too reasonable.
She grinned a toothy smile, and Dean tried hard not to find her overbite charming. “What do ya say? We wouldn’t extend this offer to just anyone. Consider yourselves special.”
“Bobby—” Dean started.
Sam gave him that same look Charlie had. The one that made Dean feel like a lost puppy.
“Everyone but you,” Sam offered.
“On pause, for the moment,” said, spinning Dean to push him against the wall.
Dean stood to make his way over to him through the still-thick smoke, and when it started to clear, he stopped short at what he saw.
They’d managed to avoid any trouble outside of St. Louis, although Dean still grumbled that Sam had navigated them so close to the city. As they crossed the state line into Iowa, Dean felt an easing in his chest that had been plaguing him since the bridge in Chester.
“Yeah, yeah I know,” Dean said, already chewing. He was living firmly in denial of ever running out of gas, of having to leave one or both of their cars behind. The thought made him sick—four grown men and all of their supplies wouldn’t fit in the Impala. “Let’s check ‘em out,” he said, pointing to the abandoned vehicles parked just behind them.
“I understand. But I meant what I said earlier.”
Dean grabbed his mug and took a swig of his coffee. He didn’t know why, but Cas took it as permission to move again and slowly ghosted the tips of all four fingers over his thigh.
“We aren’t like those dicks you left behind in Heaven. We’re not going to make you face
Dean dropped to his knees, clutching his side as hot blood wet his fingers. He could sense movement above him but could only focus on the unsteady beam of his flashlight as it rolled in slow circles on the carpeted floor, shining on corners of the room, feet, and bloody piles of fur.
Cas closed the journal in his lap and ran his fingers over the star embossed on the cover. He didn’t mention the Knights of Hell thing again, so Dean assumed he’d found the answers he needed.
“A bullet can’t take you out, Cas. Can't hurt you,” Dean whispered against the shell of his ear. He was trying to calm down, to stop his body from shaking so badly.
“A Devil’s trap?” Dean said, squinting at the engraving on the glinting shell.
“So what does this have to do with Henry Winchester?” Bobby asked, his eyes flicking between the angels in the booth and the burger in front of him.
“I’m sorry, Dean. Are you alright?”
at him—was unraveling.
, he thought, looking at the wall of debris,
A sharp, sudden hiss of steam pulled him back to the surface, out of the whirlpool that was doing its best to drown him. He cleared his throat and walked towards the open stretch of counter where he’d seen other people pick up their orders.
Before he put everything away, he turned the ham radio that was set up on a table near the library to the frequency he’d given Charlie.
“Coffee ain’t thicker than blood, Cas.” Dean snatched his drink off the counter and retreated back to his seat to brood.
Cas lined up his cock and slowly pushed inside, his head dropping forward and groaning against Dean’s skin as he pressed into the tight heat.
“Don’t tell him,” Dean whispered quickly to Charlie, suddenly panicking.
Cas was sitting at the edge of the far bed, inspecting the remote control.
“’Mornin’,” Dean said, his voice thick, walking past all of them into the kitchen to see what he could grab to eat. The idea of another Twinkie made him want to hurl, so he grabbed a couple of Hot Rods and an energy drink. Heading back into the living room he asked, he hoped casually, “What’s on the docket for today?” as he collapsed beside his brother onto Bobby’s lumpy, faded couch that was, as far as he and Sam could figure, older than Cas.
Cas lowered his head to gently brush his nose against Dean’s.
“I’m fine,” Dean lied. “And Bobby’s fine. And Cas is fine. And you’re fine. We’re all fine, Sam. Now come on, let’s go find the best of a bad bunch.”
“Kinda, yeah,” his brother answered, grimacing as the whiskey burned his throat. He took a harsh, deep breath that made his lungs rattle.
“And?” Dean prompted, raising his brows.
“Then we destroy it,” Dean said with a shrug.
Dean felt his heart beat a little faster as Cas started undressing, not at all self-conscious despite Dean’s presence in the room. As he undid his buttons, Dean realized he’d never seen Cas out of that suit—even through all of… whatever they were doing. He watched quietly out of the corner of his eye as Cas peeled off the white shirt and pulled the t-shirt underneath over his head.
“How far?” Dean grabbed one of the warm energy drinks from the back seat of the Impala, shaking off his hand as it foamed over his finger when he cracked it open.
“Castiel used the binding spell. They found the hexagram. They’ll be here soon.”
When he looked up and saw Cas staring at him with searching eyes, he continued. “We fought, Sammy and me. We’ve always fought. It’s all we know how to do. And it didn’t matter if it was Hell, or Heaven, or monsters from right here on Earth. Now it’s just a different kind of fight.”
Cas had heavy shadows under his eyes as he got to the Impala and leaned against the passenger door, crossing his arms against the cold. “I truly hope you’re right, Sam.”
Sam pulled the wrapped tablet from the inside of his jacket and let it hang at his side, and although Abaddon didn’t have human eyes, Dean could see her attention drawn to it. There were four demons behind her, inhabiting bodies that were in various stages of decay and poised to attack. The fifth demon was still sticking Cas with the blade. Even from a distance, Dean could see the sheen of sweat and bruises that covered his face.
God, he was all-the-way fucked.
“You don’t touch me, you don’t come near me, except behind closed doors. And even then you push me away if you hear footsteps outside.”
“Sure thing, Sammy. Call if you need me.” Dean stood and walked out of the room, pulling the door closed behind him and doing his best not to completely lose his mind once he was alone in the dark hallway. His brother was alive. His best friend might be half-dead. He looked at the door open at the end of the hall as Bobby walked out and pulled it closed behind him. His frame blocking the way, a warning to Dean not to go inside—obvious even if Dean couldn’t see his face.
“Bobby opened a crate of music boxes before I could check them,” Cas said, casting an annoyed glance towards the old hunter, “and we were attacked by tiny dancers.”
“Hey, Charlie,” he said. His voice sounded rough, and he hated the fact it was like an admission of how shitty he still felt. He looked at the coffee gratefully as he took a small sip.
“You got a better plan?”
Bobby was exiting the bedroom, the warmer one that used to be his until he forced Sam to take it, and closing the door softly behind him. He sat down at the end of the semi-circled table across from the couch with a small sigh.
“Bummer. I know the feeling, though. I lost my folks too. My dad in a car crash and my mom in… this,” she said. Her voice finally lost its lustre of cheerfulness and she seemed to turn in a little on herself with the admission.
He leaned back and rested the crown of his head against the headboard. “But if you wanna get all deep about humanity you should probably find Sam.”
“That chair is cursed. Anyone who sits on it dies,” Cas growled, dragging Dean away from it.
Dean pressed his hands into his eyes and let out a frustrated growl.
Dean lifted his bottle in cheers and then downed almost the entire drink in one go. The crowd might not have been exactly what he was hoping for, but there were so many things being checked off of his miss list in this place it was hard not to indulge a little. Even if it was probably just some freaky angel mojo.
The rest of the night they spent getting drunk, arguing about which of their belongings could be considered essential, and slowly gathering up the things that were.
Inside, Sam coughed into the sleeve of his blue plaid shirt, trying to catch his breath before falling back asleep on the couch.
The trailer they chose had three solid walls, close to four. Most of the master bedroom in the back had been burned away, but with the tools they’d brought with them from Bobby’s, they managed to grab enough scrap metal and pink insulation from around the park to patch up the worst of the damage. It was still cold as hell back there, and the bathroom was unusable, but they had somewhere to bunker down for a few nights.
And once they were all dead, she could return to Lucifer’s side and tear Heaven’s army to shreds.
“Uh, all good, Cas.” A wrapper, the remains of his sad lunch, crunched beneath his foot.
Sam looked uneasy. Dean wondered if he was about to argue, but instead, he kept his mouth shut and leaned against the car with bitter acceptance. “Jerk.”
It took them a few hours, and Dean was pretty sure they’d hit every car in the whole damn town. He’d checked in with Cas a couple of times, but there wasn’t anything on his end worth reporting. When they decided to head back, they were lugging filled gas cans with them.
Turiel turned his attention to Cas, lifting his chin in contempt. “The traitor Castiel,” he acknowledged with bitterness, “And his
Dean took a moment before finally pulling away, grinning at Cas before turning to look at his brother.
**********
**********
“I doubt it will be anything we can’t take care of,” Cas continued. Dean’s eyes were doing their best to burn holes into the paper in front of him. “Heaven wouldn’t be willing to divert much of their power to earth for someone as inconsequential as me.” He stopped once more to think, to try and put the pieces together.
Bobby paused. “Not yet.”
“Because that’s what I do, Cas. I’ve been trying to tell you through all of…
, Dean added to his list.
Cas was blessedly quiet in the back seat.
Charlie walked back over to them after kicking down the stand of her moped. “You guys open to a trade?” She asked, holding two bottles of bourbon.
“You’ve got weapons in there. A safe room. If we’re lucky, maybe some food that ain’t rat meat.”
As Dean straightened out, Sam kept his eyes on Cas for a moment longer, giving him a quick once-over before turning forward and sharing a look with his brother.
For the first time, possibly in existence, Turiel’s mouth curved into something that could be called a smile. “I suppose.” Then, looking over to the hunters, the smile faded. “And don’t call this a favour. I’m only doing it because I don’t trust that you’re capable enough to do it yourselves.”
He was almost expecting something to block their way into the weird
Cas ducked back under the top of the tent, shuffling between chairs to get back to his seat.
Dean gripped the steering wheel of the Impala to stop his hands from shaking. It was a twenty-hour drive to Sioux Falls, right up the middle of the country. He was damp with sweat and prayed to Cas the entire way, but Cas never showed.
Cas walked over to him, slowly, worse off than Dean was even with his sprain. He was probably drunker than he should be for this, and he leaned his elbow on the table to rest his head in his hand, sucking in air when he put weight on the carpet burn that covered his palm.
Cas was suddenly standing on the far side of the car, startling Dean and zapping away any semblance of confidence he’d managed to scrape together. “I was with him, and Dean is correct,” Cas affirmed solemnly.
He wasn’t sure if Cas was sleeping. It was quiet on the other side of the room. He couldn’t even hear breathing. Dean laid awake and stared into the darkness. His friend was going through something Dean could never understand, and Cas had said it himself, he was finding it hard to control himself. He didn’t know what he wanted; he was just reaching out to the closest person to him.
“Bobby, I don’t wanna kill ya,” Dean took a shallow breath and pushed the sweat back from his forehead into his hair, “but I’m leaving this room.”
The entire diner was, obviously, empty. It stank of months old food, meat, that had been left to rot in the kitchen and on the tables. It made Dean’s eyes water but didn’t seem to affect Cas or the two strangers sitting across from him. Along the wall beside the door was a stand with tourist maps and coupons that were covered in dust.
“Great.” Bobby sighed and slumped lower in his chair.
It was early, or late, and it was almost time to wake up Sam to take over. It turned out Cas had a pretty reliable internal clock. Dean was blinking hard, trying to get the burn out of his eyes, when he felt a hand on his shoulder that slid down to grasp his upper arm. Behind his eyes, he saw blood, fire, and a burning, white light.
“Well,” Dean said, saddling up beside his brother in the column-lined doorway, “I think we found the Bat Cave.”
He was burning. The flames rushed through him, through the parts of himself he tried to ignore when he was standing beside Castiel or looking at Castiel or smelling Castiel—and then there he was in front of him. He was standing too close and all Dean could see was a full mouth and he finally, God finally, leaned in to taste.
“What’s this one?” he asked, letting Cas heal the cut when he was finished. Dean felt his headache and the pulse behind his eyes fade at the same time.
Dean pushed himself forward to stand on his own, grabbing the hand that was still holding his hip pushing it away. He winced at how quickly Cas let go, and again at how he stumbled over the doorstop.
“What time is it?” Dean asked Cas, hoping to distract him.
“Mornin’, Cas.” He stretched out, trying to bring his body back to life. He didn’t miss how Cas’ eyes darted down to look at the exposed plane of stomach where his t-shirt was riding up. He smiled, although he was still only half awake, and raised an eyebrow. “See somethin’ you like?”
“No shit, no gas,” he muttered to himself, thinking of Baby parked back at Bobby’s, covered with a drop cloth and put on timeout at Sam’s insistence. We can’t afford to drive her, Dean. We need to preserve what gas we have left. The memory still pissed him off. Knowing it was the right move pissed him off even more.
And since then, it had been six weeks of that same poison rotting inside of him, of cancerous cells growing and dividing and refusing to die as they ate away at his lungs.
Dean almost laughed, like he would usually do when Cas got so lost about something so obvious.
“Dean?!” Sam yelled, shortening the distance between them with long, rushed strides. Dean knew they both looked a hell of a lot worse than they had when they went in. Blood crusted Dean’s shirt, and Cas was covered in it, too. Soot stuck to their skin, streaking down Dean’s face where tears had displaced the grime.
“I assume this means he’s dead.” No one said anything, no one had any answers beyond the spell Henry had cast on the bar, an apparition of a man they’d never met. Larry took their silence for confirmation. “He was a good man. Always a little too serious, even for our order, but good. And who are the other two with you?”
Dean laughed. “Yeah, I couldn’t even pass intro to Spanish.”
**********
“Shut the hell up and sit down for a second so we can tell you how to kill a Knight of Hell,” Bobby ordered, gesturing to the book on the table in front of him.
Dean rolled over and fumbled to turn on the lantern so he could see. “You were listening to me?” He was trying to sound angry, but it came out differently, from the wrong part of his throat.
“Cas, you got the flashlight?”
“Nothing great,” Bobby said, twisting his foot on the floor like he was crushing something under his boot. He looked at Cas who was snapping something small in half. All around them were tiny, pink pieces of plastic and a crate of music boxes that was overturned—their out-of-sync, tinkling melodies slowing to a stop.
His eyes slipped closed. He couldn’t look at Cas right now, couldn’t take the way he searched his face as Dean bit off quiet moans and ground against Cas’ hand.
As they approached the leaf- and ash-matted car, Dean drew Bobby towards the front to look at the symbol that was rubbed into the grit that was settled on the windshield. He carefully flicked some of the leaves away and he gestured to it almost proudly. “This,” is all he said.
Another huge shout out to Tardimaid, my stunning and glorious Beta, who was elemental in bringing this piece of the story come to life (and every other piece, if we're being honest).
,” Sam insisted, but the other three men shared knowing looks.
“Hey, that’s not true, come on.” He tried to take Cas’ hand again, but Cas pulled away. The rejection pierced through parts of Dean he didn’t even know existed until they hurt.
Sam rolled one of them towards his brother so he could look at it more closely.
Dean almost ran them off the road. For the last few years, he’d assumed an angel was going to be the thing to kill him, but he’d never have guessed it would be death by dirty-talk.
Dean’s eyes rolled back when Cas’ tongue dragged over the fabric that covered his sensitive head. “Can I use my mouth?” Cas asked, his voice muffled from where his lips were still pressed against him.
“You. Fix him,” Dean said with anger staining every pointed word. “
“Hey. What’s wrong?” Dean asked again, blinking as Cas turned the flashlight upwards so they could see each other.
“Just give us a minute, Cas.”
“We don’t have the fuel,” Sam said quietly, and Dean immediately turned on him.
“Yes, Dean?” He jumped out of his fucking skin at the sudden voice coming from the end of the bed.
“God, Cas,” Dean whimpered as Cas pulled himself out of his white boxers and started stroking his own dick as he moaned and buried his nosed into the soft, dark blonde hair at the base of Dean’s dick.
As he pulled out the computer, his attention kept turning to Cas, like he was creating some sort of damn gravitational pull. Blue eyes, blue even from here, and a full mouth drawn into a straight line as he concentrated on taking orders. Dean felt something tug at his chest as he looked at him, but pushed it down and away before he approached the counter.
Dean turned onto Route 40.
“Where’s Cas?” Sam asked.
“Not bad, huh?” He directed at Sam and Bobby.
“Hey, careful,” Sam said as he pushed his hands away. “These are old and we have no idea what they can do.”
For all the shit Dean had been through, he’d never be able to understand what Cas was feeling. He didn’t ask, didn’t push beyond the small pieces of information Cas occasionally offered when they talked—that his senses weren’t as strong, or angel radio was tuning out, or he was complaining that he was hungry or tired but still unsure of what to do about it.
“Shut up, Dean,” Cas glowered.
“Are we finally going to talk about it?” Sam asked quietly, sitting down from where he’d been hovering over his mortar and pestle so he could be at his brother’s level.
The worst of the radioactive fallout was becoming a little less dangerous, but the plume of ash that swept through the atmosphere and fell inland was already killing off cattle and crops, making farmland throughout the Midwest unviable at best and toxic at worst. There wasn’t enough shelter for the livestock and none for the acres of farmland. Everything became contaminated, and the regions that weren’t put an embargo on anything coming into their communities. They needed to become self-reliant, but few places had the means to do so.
“Name’s Charlie,” she said, both hands back in the air. “I happen to live here, and I happened to overhear your sad, sleepy conversation.”
“This book,” Sam continued where Dean had interrupted him, “looks like the ledger where the Men of Letters logged all of the artifacts they kept here.”
“Is it serious? How do we break it?”
“Cas—"
As he laid back with his knees bent, Cas moved to rest beside him.
He smiled at her, a small, genuine smile, and Dean wanted to slap the damn cup right out of her hands.
“I ain’t leaving,” Bobby said incredulously. “This is our home. You were raised here. It’s where Karen and I—”
They got back later than Dean hoped they would, but it had been well worth the extra time. As they approached the cars, he smiled when he saw Cas still standing in almost the very same place they’d left him.
He could feel Cas’ eyes still on him. What exactly did he want? To hear all of the pathetic, needy bullshit that wouldn’t do anything but drive a wedge between him and one of the three goddamn people left on earth that he loved?
“What the hell, Cas? Driver picks the—”
“You’re hurt,” Sam said quietly, begging Dean to slow down without saying it.
They couldn’t sit on the tablet forever. Cas had a point—Afriel and Turiel, or someone else, maybe someone worse, would find them eventually. Dean still privately thought that they’d all be better off if they smashed the damn thing to pieces, but he didn’t mention it again because he didn’t want to stress out Cas.
Dean grimaced but took another shallow sip. Instant was just one of those things that got worse the more you got used to it.
“I coulda done without the outfit change, but I ain’t complaining,” Bobby said, lifting the bottle of beer to his lips.
Rufus laughed. “Even if you manage to chase us off, you think we’re the only ones who know you’re here? And with what you’ve got in that house of yours, you’re sitting ducks. Always will be.”
Michael and Lucifer got their wish, although maybe not in the way God planned. There was no long, drawn-out war between the armies of Heaven and mankind. There were no physical altercations between archangels tucked into their vessels. It was almost as easy as pushing a button, and when that button was pushed, everything turned to ash.
Dean reached for his cock, desperate for some relief from the hot pool that was simmering in his abdomen. But Cas knocked it away, and instead wrapped his own hand around Dean and ran his thumb over the slit, dragging through the precome collected there.
Stepping into his personal space, Dean wrapped his arms around Cas and pulled him close. He could feel Cas’ chin dig into his shoulder, and the warmth of skin against skin as Cas pressed his face into his neck. With a slap to the angel’s back, Dean finally dropped his arms and took a half step back.
“’m fine. Stop askin’.” The walk from his room had winded him. He couldn’t bring himself to sit so he settled for leaning against the table.
The entire front of it was dark wood and black-brown brick and it seemed to loom over the rest of the once-red-and-beige block. Now, the other buildings were as non-descript and empty as this one, but the club still had a weight to it that the others didn’t.
Dean had snuck in some time for a shower, and he’d wiped the dirt and stink off of himself with a contented sigh even as he shivered against the cold.
“Do we still have that rope in the car?” Dean asked, already moving to the trunk. “We could tie it to that chunk of tree and use this heap of junk to drag it away. We’d get the whole thing down if we’re careful.”
Things were too loud. The sonorous hum of the generator. The screech of the insects in the woods beyond the yard. Everything was screaming and Dean couldn’t focus, he couldn’t think.
There was no way the four hunters living their little lives on Earth would ever know any of this. But Afriel and Turiel knew, at least for as long as they kept their connection to the Host. Turiel was frightened in the beginning, when his angel radio started to fade, but Afriel reminded him that they’d made a choice—the only one they’d ever made for themselves. And he smiled and kissed her scarred mouth and went back to helping their found family rebuild their home.
“Abaddon,” Larry said, as if he was uncovering a long-distant memory. “A hired gun. She killed us all in one night.”
Dean shifted in his chair. “Did you find anything in the book?”
With Cas pressed against the wall, held in place with Dean’s mouth and hips and Cas’ arms around his shoulders, it was burning him up more than a cup of fucking coffee ever could. He knew this was it, this was where Cas needed to stay.
Dean moved to where the gore was puddled on the floor, pulling Cas up from where he was hunched over on the way. Touching the puddle, the blood was cold, but still wet enough to be considered fresh. Fresh meant there was something to deal with—and it was close.
“Yeah, well, fighting’s all we got left,” Dean said quietly, eyes dropping away from the wall. “And we made sure that’s all that’s left for anybody.”
Cas stopped what he was doing and looked up at Dean from where he was hunched down, the hem of his coat dragging in the dirt as he rinsed their dishes in a bucket of water.
The corner of Cas’ mouth lifted in a small smile. “Dean, I can help improve it. There are some Enochian wards I could use.”
He adjusted the bag on his shoulder, heavy with some old laptop Sam had got him from a second-hand store so he could at least pretend to get something done as he sat around at a cafe for hours.
This new Cas, this unpredictable, half-human disaster, was just the kind of crazy Dean found it hard to keep his wall of bravado up against. Every time he put a brick back in place, Cas was pushing another down.
“How are you, Dean?”
I hope you all like this chapter. It's one of my all-time favourites in the fic and certainly one of the more personal things I've written. We so often see Dean Winchester drinking, and we so rarely get to see what the actual internal (and external) impact of alcohol abuse is—for Dean and for many other people. Although Dean's tried to put the case first, tried to put Cas first, he fell off the wagon a little bit here and he needs to face the consequences.
They both stayed quiet as they calmed down and cleaned up, and when Dean’s heart rate had taken a step back from verging on full cardiac arrest, he curled into Cas as his wings wrapped around them.
, Cas. Yes, please,” he pleaded, wrapping his legs around Cas to pull him closer.
Dean could see the faint flicker of fires down the road, like beacons lighting their way back into town. Charlie caught him looking.
“You’ve got a point,” Dean said, smiling into messy hair. “Dunno if I can stomach the crap Sam makes anymore.”
Dean thought back to the electric blue light and pulse of charged energy that radiated from Cas whenever they were together, and his stomach dropped.
“You and me,” he agreed with a small nod.
“I want the tablet. I know you have it, and I will personally tear the angel to pieces if you don’t give it to me.”
Once Cas was firmly on his feet again, they pushed forward, and all things considered, everything they’d gone through, it felt like an adventure. The kind of adventure kids who weren’t raised as hunters would have—holding onto their friends and freaking out as they made their way drunk through the dark.
Sam pushed back again, and Dean pushed back harder, until Bobby stepped in and told them they were both being stupid. There was no easy way to go about the search. Either it took too long, or they put themselves in danger. They decided, in the end, to split the difference. Cas would lead the search of the artifact rooms, using his angel mojo to steer them away from anything deadly, and Sam would read itemized lists of cursed objects until his eyes started to bleed.
. He stayed on the other side of the bed and slowly approached, face drawn as he looked at Sam.
He curled into Cas, taking advantage of the arm draped across his back. He let himself sink into Cas’ neck, pressing his lips against whatever skin he found there, and let the rest of the world slip away. He heard voices and felt himself get dragged onto his feet, and then a strong arm grabbed him behind his knees to scoop him off the ground. He dug his face into the summery smell of Cas and passed out.
“We all say things we regret,” he said quietly, leaning down so his face was level Dean’s, but it also gave him a moment to rest some of his weight on the back of the bench at Dean’s shoulder. He dragged his thumb along Dean’s cheekbone and drew himself up, looking down at Dean in a way that made him feel defenseless. He stared back, held in place by the fierce look in Cas’ eyes more than the hand on the side of his face.
Dean bristled. “No, Cas, that was—” Dean wasn’t sure what it was, but he knew what they’d found at the bridge wasn’t right, it wasn’t what they were trying to do here. “This is about keeping us safe. Protecting our family. Come on,” Dean said, signalling Cas to follow him with a quick jerk of his head.
Sam filled up the tank with what they had and put the empty gas can back in the trunk. “Let’s just get as far as we can. We’ll worry about what happens next when it happens,” he said, landing hard in his seat and pushing his hands through his hair.
He walked into the living room and was greeted by three sets of raised eyebrows.
“Our turn is coming up,” Cas said, checking the map.
Cas came to find Dean in his room as he was carrying in a second bedside table he’d taken from one of the unused dorms.
“But the sky is getting dark,” Afriel responded. “Don’t you know anything about humans? This is when they ‘sleep’. We should wait a while before talking to them.”
Dean hated it, sending Cas in undercover without backup while he and Sam ran around the city chasing leads.
The other two hunters stayed quiet, until Bobby said, “Inside. Resting.” He didn’t look at Dean when he said it, even though Dean looked at him.
“I’ll join you, yes.”
Dean’s face warmed at the admission.
It punched the air right out of Dean’s lungs. He wanted to take a step back, needed to. It was a mistake, could be a disaster, but his legs were locked in place. So he just stood there and let his best friend run his hands over Dean’s jacket.
They pulled to a stop. Charlie was waiting for them on the corner, so Cas unrolled his window so they could talk to her.
“I fucked up last night,” he admitted out loud. When he realized what he’d said, and how close it was to the truth, he closed his mouth so quickly his teeth clacked. The air was cold in the trailer with the door wide open, and Dean took his hands out of his pockets to rub them together, looking for a bit of warmth and something to distract him from the conversation.
Cas was right. Dean lifted his hand to massage his left shoulder—an old habit although the handprint had long faded.
“Yeah, of course,” Dean answered, as Sam nodded in thanks and ducked inside to grab the soap and one of their threadbare, mouldy towels they left hanging over the unusable tub. Sam had wanted to clean it out when they’d arrived, to get rid of the crusted dirt that lined the white plastic, but Dean had shut him down, calling it a waste of soap and effort.
“You ain’t going anywhere,” Bobby said, looming above him. “You’re no good to us like this. We’ll get Cas, but you’re staying put.”
He did, finally, but his body language made it clear he was doing it under protest.
“This is my Father’s language—the Word of God,” he said, sounding like he couldn’t believe his own words. “I’ve heard of the existence of these tablets, but it was assumed they’d been lost.”
“Do you think Dominique and Celeste will be ok?” Afriel asked, playing with the small nub at the crest of her hat. “They were so nice to us.”
Eventually, Cas did follow, but he didn’t stick two paces behind like a normal person would. Instead, he closed in and circled around until Dean was forced to step back to get some space. He felt cold metal at his back and Cas’ hand on his shoulder. He was standing close enough to pull the air out of Dean’s lungs.
“Back to the motel?” he asked.
“Dean, one of the reasons I invited you here last night is because Lawrence might look all bright and shiny on the outside, but look a little more closely and you’ll see it’s kinda lousy with vampires.”
“I gotta tell you man,” he said to Sam, who was apparently trying to figure out a way to read every book in the library at once, “the water pressure here? Practically counts as a massage. Happy ending included.”
“A strip— no. I always forget how much this world changes in so few years. A bar. It was a bar. For… gentlemen,” Turiel brushed off.
Dean tried to start over. “I didn’t mean,” he breathed out air through his nose in frustration. “You know what I’m trying to say here?”
Dean approached him carefully, slowly even in the confined space of the room. He wondered if the look of apprehension on Cas’ face was because of Dean’s proximity or the timid stretch of his arm.
When Cas stopped, Dean made a small noise of protest, but was quieted when Cas leaned over him and pushed two of his fingers past Dean’s lips.
“There’s something else,” Dean said, scratching the back of his neck. He led Cas back to the bedroom and hesitated before he opened the dresser drawer, like he was nervous about what he was going to find inside of it. “I got you some stuff to wear. I put it all in here for now, but I didn’t mean to— if you wanna put it in your room, I mean, I get it—”
, Dean thought.
Charlie breathed a sigh of relief and dropped her arms to shake them out. “You’re my knight in shining armour,” she said sarcastically. “We’ve got a place a few miles down the road. Happy to trade fuel for food, or vice versa. And for a couple extra bucks you can even stay the night. Or a couple extra… whatever you have. As long as we can use it.”
“We’re here,” Turiel said, trying to regain some of his composure, “to obtain an artifact.” Dean could tell he was trying to match Cas’ authoritative tone, but he lacked the depth of the angel who had already defied Heaven. Dean couldn’t help but feel a little pride.
“Oh, come on Sam. Too easy.” Beside him, Bobby snorted, and Dean turned to him in surprise. “Well, whadya know. The old man lives!”
“That’s us,” she said, gesturing down the road with her head. “So, Sam, Dean, Cas, and Bobby. Come with me if you want to live.” She said it with lightness, but Dean saw something serious flash behind her eyes. With that, she picked up her gun and strapped it back in her holster.
“Yeah, sure,” Bobby answered, standing slowly up off the bench.
Wasn’t like there was much else to do.
When he finally opened his eyes, he saw something drawn into the dust on his windshield. It was a six-pointed star. Dean reached up to touch it, although it had been drawn on the outside of the glass. “The hell…” he muttered, instincts kicking in to check his peripherals. Nothing in the backseat, and outside of the car, no footprints beyond his own. “Cas?” He called, looking over his shoulder. He’d barely taken his eyes off of him the whole time he’d been here, making sure that he wasn’t wasting grace or pushing himself too hard, so he knew he was within earshot.
“Hello, Dean.”
He looked at Sam, Bobby, and Cas, who all responded with a combination of nods, shrugs, and looks of disbelief. It had been a long time since they’d dealt with any actual monsters—they’d assumed most of them had gone underground. Not that they’d been looking. Their own survival had taken precedence over vamps or djinn or anything else.
“When I said I’m yours.” He wanted to hide, to find some delicious stretch of skin to press into, but he kept his eyes locked on Cas. “I meant it.”
He collapsed on top of Dean, struggling to catch his breath as he shivered and came down. Dean swallowed the fresh scent of his skin and winced as Cas eventually pulled out, rolling over and landing hard on his pillow.
Charlie looked at him with a cocked eyebrow.
Dean’s eyes were locked on Cas, watching as he pulled him deeper and deeper into the back of his throat with every plunge. His hand left Dean’s hip, and Dean gritted his teeth and almost came when he saw Cas reaching down undo his pants with Dean’s cock still in his mouth.
“What are you doing? We’re leaving,” Dean said, drained of everything except the drive to go. He half slid on his jacket and took a few steps towards the stairs of the bunker.
“I’ll do everything I can Dean. I can’t deny my role in this—”
Abaddon’s smile hadn’t uncurled the entire time she stood looking at Dean. Red lipstick was smeared across her lips, bleeding into the corners and making her mouth look wider than it was. “You really think the Men of Letters could kill me? With what exactly? Their books and egos?” She laughed, and it sounded like air pushing through ripped flesh.
“Hey, you’re good. It’s no big deal.” Dean swallowed. “It’s kinda nice.” He flinched, but he wanted Cas to feel welcome, to feel normal for once, instead of like the angel with a crack in his chassis.
Unfortunately, that person was Dean.
“Get it your damn selves,” Bobby muttered, still brushing dust off of his jacket as Sam bent over to pick it up.
Thank you, all of you, for taking this journey for me. It's been six months since I decided to write my first Supernatural fic, and I've loved every minute of writing it (okay, maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration) and appreciated every reader, every comment, and every single kudos (very much not an exaggeration).
“No.”
“Aw, so sweet,” Turiel said, his words forced and saccharine. “You keep swooping to his rescue and we might get the wrong idea.”
Dean was getting seriously sick of this shit. Even with the fuel they syphoned from the cars on the way into town, they didn’t have enough to get them through the six-hour drive to Lawrence.
Sam was wrong, but he was still on his feet. And if he needed to get away for a while, well, Dean knew that feeling better than most.
(See the end of the chapter for
seemed pissed.”
Dean kept his arm loosely draped around Cas’ waist as they walked in the room, only letting his hand drop when they took their seats at the table. If Bobby and Sam noticed, they didn’t say a word about it.
It was wet and messy and imperfect, and all around him Dean could feel the soft strokes of those feathers—a stark contrast to the solid weight of Cas’ hands as they moved from his hips to press into his back. And as the exploratory touches brushed over him, they left behind more of that delicate, heady scent. Dean’s body felt damp with it.
They only needed to stop once or twice on the way, so they made it to Lawrence while it was still light out. It was a pretty big city, larger than Normal had been by far and a much more sprawling and populous place than they would usually get close to, let alone stop in. It was sandwiched between Kansas City and Topeka, though it was smaller than both, and Dean remembered walking down Mass Avenue as a kid with his folks, Sammy still in a stroller, eating at the restaurants and exploring the shops that lined the main strip. Watching the fireworks show on the Fourth of July. Running through the park behind their house. Just random flashes from his childhood that somehow stuck.
Dean was still struggling to catch his breath when a hand fisted into his hair and pulled his head back. Cas was leaning over him, his knees bent and tucked against Dean’s sides, and blue eyes were locked on Dean’s as he stroked himself above him.
“You okay?” he asked.
“The tablet has been destroyed,” Cas muttered against his skin.
Dean groaned, but stilled Cas’ hand and tried to collect himself. “It’s okay, it’s fine.” Cas paused, like he’d done something wrong. “This was… it was amazing,” Dean reassured him. “We just gotta slow things down a little, okay?”
“I think I—they—need some space. I’m going to visit Rowena.”
Dean let it simmer, let them feel the low boil of dread he’d been sitting on since they’d found Cas in the parking lot of that damn Walmart in Evansville.
When he was finally ready to sit up, he scraped his hands over his face and all he could think about was that egg sandwich he had at that tiny diner in Willow Springs two years ago. He swung feet over the side of the bed and gathered himself, as much as he could, before standing.
**********
Dean let out a desperate noise and looked at Cas, who stared back at him with huge, blown-out eyes. He pulled Dean’s head back slowly to admire the flush staining his neck before dropping to taste it. Dean was panting as Cas kept a tight hold in his hair and ground his hips forward again. He tried to drop his head back further but Cas held him in place, and before he realized what he was doing, Dean was reaching under Cas’ jacket to untuck his shirt to feel warm skin.
He ignored his brother as he awkwardly pulled on his t-shirt. “We’re going,” is all he said as he squatted down to grab his boots and stumbled out of the room.
Sam nodded, although he was holding his stomach and looked a little queasy. “The longer we wait, the more time people have to die.”
“Yes, Dean?”
When they were ready to go, Dean shook off Sam when he tried to help him with his jacket, but halfway up the stairs, Dean stopped and held his hand out to Bobby, who passed him his flask of whiskey.
He took a ragged breath as parted lips pushed more firmly against his skin, soft and searing, and Dean tilted his head back as Cas dragged his mouth up until his nose was pressed into the sensitive skin behind Dean’s ear. The wet tip of Cas’ tongue licked a slow stripe beneath his jaw and he pushed his hips against him. He made a small, frustrated sound and as Dean was angling his head back to give Cas more to touch and taste, the angel grabbed the back of his thighs and lifted him onto the car, moving into the space between his legs.
Sam and his map were getting them to Chester, Illinois, the same cold nothing rolling past their windows the entire way, where they were going to cross the Mississippi and pass into Missouri.
Dean paused. He rested the cold bottle on his knee and felt the condensation soak through the worn denim covering his knee.
That evening, they shared their first meal together without the pressure of saving the world hanging over their heads. The first meal where they could finally sit down and accept things for the way they were and the way they’d remain. It was the first meal Cas and Dean cooked together, shooing Sam out of the kitchen and standing over the stove, stirring lentils and steaming rice and letting their shoulders bump. Cas’ mouth tasted like curry powder and the whiskey he was drinking which was such a strange combination of flavours Dean had to keep going in for more.
He wondered if they had a running toilet.
Dean clenched his jaw so tightly he was pretty sure he cracked a tooth.
“A gentlemen’s club? Like a strip club?” Bobby asked, and Dean and Sam both looked at him sideways.
“Well, these two still seem pretty secure,” Sam said, almost suspiciously, standing back to consider his next move.
Cas stitched his brows together. “I’m not sure who has come down from Heaven, or what this has to do with your father, but I’m certain that John spent time in Normal.”
Dean felt a little more of that wall inside his head crumbling, and he swore under his breath as he stood up to get ready for the day.
“Should you be consuming alcohol if you’re operating a car, Dean? I rarely witness you demonstrate this type of behavior when you drive the Impala.”
He took a small sip and still managed to burn his tongue. But once the sting started to subside and he could actually start to taste it...
“Sam said we can’t waste those. Only take two,” he said, and walked out of the room.
“Okay. That works.” He rubbed the back of his neck and hesitated before sitting down. Cas’ shirt was torn the same way the coat had been, and between the strips of fabric, Dean could see the tight, red flesh that was bonded with the tough muscle and bone of the wings.
“What are you?” he asked. “You’re not… rugarus. Vamps don’t eat meat.” His mind flashed. “Valravns?” He was reaching. He knew what they were.
“Whoa, what about the ‘hands off’ policy?” he asked, already slipping his hands behind Cas’ neck.
Dean could have sworn at one point Cas was talking to someone about goats, but it was hard to hear from where he was sitting.
“Nothing like that,” Sam said. “There’s just a hell of a lot of artifacts stored in the bunker.” He flipped through the pages of the thick logbook. “They kept meticulous records, but it’s all organized by date.”
Suddenly he felt fingers on the back of his neck, which, if he wasn’t so tired, might have startled him. But instead of his usual Jesus, Cas he stilled. Maybe he was still sensitive from Cas’ admission earlier, but he didn’t want to fight. He didn’t want to push him away. He just wanted Cas to feel a little bit more comfortable, a little bit more at home.
Sam’s forehead was furrowed so deeply it looked like it might get stuck that way. “Are those
Well, Dean was looking at two pretty big friggin’ issues.
He cracked one dry eyeball open. Wrinkled, beige fabric.
He’d never really been one for sunglasses, but the harsh glow of the white sky was starting to wear on his eyes. He held his arm up for some protection as his vision adjusted to the light. He definitely preferred the calm dim of the house.
With one more quick glance up, Cas pulled down the elastic waistband of Dean’s boxers, not giving him a second to catch his breath before pressing teasing kisses against the soft skin on the underside of his cock, making his way up until he was running his tongue along the frenulum and over the flushed, pink tip.
“That’s the point, Dean. I don’t want to go without you. Let’s go for a drive. Maybe we can turn it into a small supply run—”
Cas reached up to dig his fingers into the feathers over his shoulder. When he pulled his hand away, it was covered with oil, and he dragged his hand down Dean’s neck and over his chest—wetting his shirt enough that it stuck to his skin.
“Ugh. Water,” Dean groaned, more of a statement than a request, as his hand flailed out to find the bottle of water he knew he’d left on the nightstand the evening before. He had it open and pouring into his mouth before he was properly awake.
Dean stood up and walked away, heading in the opposite direction his brother had gone, to get some air.
Dean looked at his gas gauge. Not good. They were close to fumes. But he had enough in the tank to keep going until they found a couple of deserted cars—if they hadn’t been drained already. They didn’t luck out along the highway often, but it never hurt to stop and check.
“Yeah, probably. Weren’t a lot of places he didn’t take us through.”
The break gave them all a chance to refuel with some of the gas they had left, take a leak, and stretch their legs. Cas stood watch, checking the road and forest for wanderers.
“Okay,” Dean said, relaxing his arms and raising his head to address his brother. “All good.” He took a breath, finally one that wasn’t heavy with plaster or dust or the heady smell of Cas’ hair.
“Sure, man,” Dean said, “Go nuts.”
Dean remembered what happened last night on the trunk of the Impala like he was looking at the scene through dirty glass. He tried to push it away, down where the flames of hell singed the edges of his memory. But it didn’t work. The flames didn’t catch, and he could still feel the press of Cas’ lips and teeth against his neck and the press of his fingertips in the bend of his hips. Some sick part of him, a big part, hoped he’d have bruises that matched the scarred handprint on his shoulder.
Dean kicked off his boots and put a small lantern on the table between their beds before throwing himself on the mattress, his hands crossed behind his head.
When it was finally done, he put it on the glossy, wooden countertop and slid it over to Dean.
Dean waited. He could handle this, he could. But he needed to know he wasn’t about to die from some sort of weird angel food poisoning. The oil was all over his face and he could still taste it from where he’d licked it off of Cas’ thumb.
“Honestly, it was always ‘Oh my beautiful Dean Winchester he’s so righteous and sexy.’ I don’t even know Castiel that well and I heard all about it.” She gave Cas a sidelong glance and turned to address Dean. “It was a little embarrassing,” she mocked a whisper and pointed at Cas with her thumb.
“Do you think they’d come after him? From what it sounds like, they’re pretty busy upstairs.”
The small window near the ceiling was boarded up. Dean remembered when he’d appreciated the boarded-up windows, happy in the oppressive dark of the house. But now he knew better, and he wanted to rip every board off every window and let as much light in as he could. That, he decided, would be a good change.
As the three humans at the table regained their sense of place, Castiel stood where he was trapped in the middle of the booth, and pushed the table hard enough that it crashed into the kitschy 1950s mirror that was hanging on the wall above the booth cross from them.
It had only been a few minutes, not long enough to worry, but Dean got up anyway, muttering something about checking on Cas and stuffing the Colt in the waistband of his jeans. He sped up the stairs and as he opened the door of the bunker the chill and harsh light of the world outside almost pushed him back inside.
“I don’t know,” Turiel griped. They’d just gotten back to their apartment in Normal and he was sitting in his chair near the dirty window, more out of habit than need. “But they’ll finish the job, they almost always do. They’d just better do it soon.”
Oh, and if you feel like leaving me a comment, I'd love to hear what you have to say!
“Time to get Sam?” Dean asked. Normally, he’d never let himself get this careless on watch, but he trusted Cas to pick up the slack.
“You wanna make it right Cas? This?” He stumbled backwards, almost losing his balance as he threw his arms out. “All this nothing? You gonna bring back all the people, or find food to feed ‘em so they don’t have to barbecue Fido?”
He stopped and looked out into the thin line of trees at the border of the park. There were a few houses a couple of hundred yards away, and from here they looked almost habitable. But they’d gone scouting their first few days in the area and although they found a few things to eat, and a few things Dean and Bobby could drink, the shape of them was almost worse than the park. Looking down at his dirty jacket, Dean made a mental note that maybe they should go back over and see if they could find anything clean to wear.
“Dean?”
He wondered when the stains would start to stick.
“Did you track down any leads on the hexagram thing while I was—” He didn’t finish, so Dean finished for him.
“Ain’t being alive enough of a reason?” Dean looked to where Cas was sitting beside him, one of those rare smiles on his face as he stared into the flames. He was close enough that he could nudge him with an elbow. “How ya feeling, buddy?”
“Dean, relax,” Sam’s deep voice said, from somewhere.
“And that’s the result?” Sam asked. He sounded worried, and Dean shot him a dirty look when those puppy dog eyes landed on him instead of on Cas. He wasn’t the one Sam should be concerned about.
Dean quickly moved to one side of the door’s frame, but Cas stood directly in the center and reached towards the hole where the entry lock had been.
He took a deep breath and, finally, opened his eyes.
Dean had been nervous having Cas with them on the road, not that he’d tell the guy that. And not that he’d ever turn him away, especially after he’d just gotten him back. But he and Sam were off angel radar, and so was Bobby’s place. He wasn’t sure Cas ever could be, and taking him outside of the wards that kept them out of sight—even just to walk around the salvage yard—could spell trouble for all of them.
“All good. Cas’ batteries are a little low, but… he’ll be fine.”
Dean moved aside so Sam could get a better look at the symbol they’d found on the car. He glanced quickly over at Cas who was looking at his brother with obvious concern.
Rufus looked pointedly at the boarded-up house behind them. “You’re gonna make me say it?”
“Sixty-five, seventy years ago,” Sam said, looking up at the building towering above them as he took the box out of his pocket. He slid it open and approached the door, Dean following closely behind.
Dean thought back to their drive into the city. Nothing stood out to him as inherently dangerous about it. But something wasn’t sitting right in his gut, following this stranger to some secondary location they weren’t familiar with.
Dean didn’t believe him, and he knew it was written all over his face at the way his brother shook his head.
“I know. We’re going.” Sam paused. “But I don’t want you getting yourself killed over—”
“We’ve been waiting for more of our order to find this place,” he said. “Which branch are you from? You sound American but they’re all dead. Surely not… Canadian?”
“Good. Now, Sam, what were you saying?”
“Come to bust my balls some more?” Dean asked him. His dinner was roiling in his stomach.
Henry lifted his hands off the arms of his chair in a pretentious shrug. “She was stealing souls, turning innocent people into demons to, we assumed, build her army. Then she came here, looking for the very same thing you’re after.” He stood up and grabbed a leather-bound journal off of a shelf against the wall. “It’s all documented here,” he said, handing the journal to Cas.
yes,” Dean said while he was digging through one of the cupboards. The other three men looked over to see what he’d found. He pulled out a coffee maker and held it in the air like he was presenting Simba to the animal kingdom.
They tried to keep things tidy outside, to hide as many signs of life as possible, and Cas was clearing away the remains of their breakfast they’d had a couple of hours before. Bobby was sitting in the plastic Adirondack with a book on his lap, his eyes closed.
“Dean, I— can I—” the angel sounded pained, panting against his skin. When he looked up, only a small ring of blue was visible around blown-out irises.
His puny human brain couldn’t comprehend it.
“He must, Castiel. There is no other option.”
“Dean, I’ve been doing some additional research, and I think the spell I used might have been stronger than I thought.” The seriousness of what Cas was saying seemed to anchor his words to the floor.
Dean watched Cas shift on the hard, wooden chair. “So I’ve heard.”
“Well, whatever you like, I’m sure it’s crap,” Dean muttered, reaching over and ruffling Sam’s stupid, long hair.
“There’s nothing about you that’s lost,” he continued. “Things change, and that’s all this is.” Dean slid his hands down to grip Cas’ shoulders.
Cas cocked his head to one side. “This vessel is organic. It would be impossible for me to have ‘wires crossed’ as I do not possess any. You prayed to me. My people skills may be rusty, but my bond with you—"
“Look, my hands are all tingly. Can I put them down?”
Dean put some space between them and scratched the back of his neck. “Uh, yeah. So, did you find any leads on how to reverse the spell? Not that—” he quickly corrected. “Not that you should be embarrassed or whatever. But maybe you’d be more comfortable if your vessel was a little more vessel-y.”
He knew Sam was downstairs on the ham radio, trying to get into contact with any hunters, or people, really, that were still out there. He wasn’t giving out their location, but since the internet wasn’t a thing anymore, Dean figured he was comforted by still being able to connect with people.
“Don’t drink and fly, Cas,” Dean said as he reached for the bottle. He tossed it behind him when he realized it was empty. “I’ll get some more booze from the car, and when I come back, we’ll figure out how to play whiskey pong. Without the pong.” He looked in the direction of the car and it was pitch black.
Dean watched Cas leave the kitchen and wander into the living room. He was looking at the phones that still hung along the wall, labelled with the names of the various agencies and intelligence offices. Dean followed him into the room.
Dean was sitting in the room upstairs, resting his head against the wall with pillows supporting his lower back. He wasn’t old, but damn if a day of moving hundreds of pounds of dead weight didn’t hurt.
“What?” Dean said into the pitch black of the room.
“You prayed to me,” Cas said, looking, Dean assumed, pristine in his trench coat and white button-up shirt. A bottle of water hit the mattress beside his head. He winced when the impossibly loud bottle of Advil landed shortly afterwards.
Cas pulled back and then pushed himself carefully back inside, slow and breathless. Dean held his hips and choked at the slow drag of pressure. But as he relaxed around him, Cas started moving faster, pushing Dean’s legs up and grabbing the back of his knees to hold him in place, keeping him open and vulnerable as they found their rhythm and Cas thrust into him harder and faster.
“Hey, Bobby, where do you want this stuff?” Dean called from the kitchen. He stood shaking a bag of chips, framed by the entryway into the kitchen. The smile didn’t leave Cas’ face as he looked at Dean and followed Bobby to help.
Henry waited until they were all seated before he followed suit. He adjusted his slacks and crossed his legs, looking at them with a curious intensity that reminded Dean of the way some of the angels they’ve come across would look at them. Detached, like they were things to be studied.
“Sort of selfish.”
He didn’t know how normal couples acted—he’d never had the chance to learn that set of social skills. But the fact that he could fuck up something as simple as holding someone’s hand made him second guess if he was cut out for it.
Cas answered by grabbing the sides of Dean’s face and pushing their mouths together, showing him he could want, that Cas wanted. Dean made a small sound of disbelief before bringing his hands up to pull Cas forward by his shirt, dragging the angel on top of him as he laid back on the bed like he belonged there.
Dean shot a nervous look at his brother and brushed off Cas’ comment with a laugh.
Wind blew through the park, carrying the sickly-sweet smell of decay under his nose making him wince.
“Cas—”
“Cas?” It was the only word that made sense at the time to say, and suddenly a shot rang out and wood beside Dean’s head exploded. The pain that had been building behind Dean’s eyes blinded him, and suddenly he felt himself being pushed back into the open door of the house as Cas moved in front of him.
Cas’ face changed, something flickering across it that Dean couldn’t read, but he didn’t pull back or release his hold on Dean’s hips.
Dean wrapped one leg around Cas’ back, shaking at the low vibrations in his throat as the angel moaned around his dick.
Sam had grabbed the rye from Dean a few hours ago, after his third swig. Dean looked like he was about to fight his brother on it, but relented, instead opting to adjust his position in his seat and stay quiet. That had been about 500 miles ago.
Hopefully they’d be cool enough that she wouldn’t have to kill them, she thought as she tied her hair back. That was always a total day-ruiner.
The question threw Dean. It wasn’t something he was used to being asked, and when he was, he never liked what the honest answer was. “I’m good,” he muttered, digging his short, knife-cut nails into the palms of his hands.
“So it’s true,” Afriel said, cocking her head to one side. “You’re falling.”
“I think 'jerk' is somewhat of an understatement,” Cas said. “Dean, look at me.”
“Yeah,” Dean started, not finishing his thought.
“Listen to me,” he said, intent on getting his point across without getting distracted. “I need you to know there’s a light at the end of this ugly-ass tunnel, okay? We’re almost there.”
Turiel didn’t answer the question. “Let’s just go,” he said.
Dean’s mouth pulled tight around his teeth. “Nope,” he said, popping the ‘p’ and ending the conversation.
Grabbing the flashlight from where it lay, he shone the beam down the aisle. Someone had dragged something towards the back of the store. Something that was bleeding pretty fucking heavily. He thought of the pharmacy. If they could stay quiet, they might be able to make it there and see if there was anything left worth taking—antibiotics would be nice, painkillers, too—and stay out of trouble.
**********
He stretched out his ankle, rotating his foot to try to get rid of the stiffness that he could still feel even though it had been a couple of days since he’d twisted it. And making an ass out of himself in front of Cas on the way down.
In the rush of the morning, he hadn’t had a chance to talk to Sam or Bobby. Probably for the best, he thought. That wasn’t a conversation he could handle in his physically fragile state. He tried to measure his breathing to calm the anxiety tearing through his chest, but it didn’t help. He knew if he didn’t say anything, Bobby wouldn’t. But Sam would hunt him down the second he could to force a heart-to-heart on him.
“What’s up?”
“I know,” Dean answered quietly. “It’s just a… cold, he’ll get over it.”
He looked back at his brother still sulking by the Honda and refused to return without something to show for it. Without at least getting in the damn place.
“What we did, or what choices we thought we made, we still couldn’t win. And now everything Sammy and I have been through, every fight we’ve come out the other side of, it doesn’t matter, because we lost. It was all for nothing.”
“You bet,” Dean said smiling, and went to grab his brother a cup of instant from the steaming pot beside the fire. Before Dean could head back in, Sam was pushing out of the trailer with his hip to join him and Bobby outside.
“Absolutely fucking terrible,” Bobby blurted out. “Your brother is half dead, we’re living in a charred metal box, and everything stinks like rot.” He let out another choked laugh, “It’s the goddamn end of the world and a week ago, I burned down one of the things I loved most in the world so I could keep you idjits safe. And now,” he paused, trying to get himself together, “You still want to walk into an angel trap and get your damn selves killed.” His voice was high-pitched and tense with the disbelief of what he was saying. “I’m a nervous fucking wreck,” he finished, wiping at his eyes.
“Hmm,” the angel made a low sound that rumbled from the back of his throat. His brows were knitted together as he surveyed the property.
“Hey, gorgeous,” he said, kissing from the curve of Cas’ neck to his shoulder.
“Damn, how long did I sleep?”
His mind was spinning so wildly he could barely remember what he’d said. What had Sam given him? He could barely feel the pain in his ribs anymore, but his eyes kept slipping closed.
“We should settle in for now. I can help you with your renovations tomorrow.”
He rubbed his hands over his face and turned his attention back to Cas. Dean watched him talk people out of whipped cream and into, instead, different roasts from Ethiopia or Columbia, and recommend simpler, more flavourful drinks that he thought would suit their palate. Some people needed more convincing than others, and he wondered if these hipster idiots would listen if they knew what Cas really was—if they’d even care.
, he thought, as he pushed back the blankets to look at his brother’s face.
Dean could feel Cas practically buzzing beside him, and all of his instincts told him to get Cas out of there, to take him away from these assholes who were doing their best to remind him of everything he was losing. But he couldn’t, not yet.
“Abaddon,” he gasped, every breath like a hot knife in his side. “Abaddon has Cas—she wants the tablet.”
As they walked away, Dean refused to look at Cas. Instead, he studied the journal in front of him like it held the answers to everything—like he once believed it did.
They all nodded in agreement, Dean a little more enthusiastically than he liked. He felt good about the plan until Bobby continued, “I’ll take stock. Sam, I’ll need your help. Dean and Cas, you boys put your thick skulls together to figure out what we might be facing in Illinois and report back. We’ll leave the next morning.”
A plot heavy chapter, but here it is! The big reveal. I'll be posting chapter 12 shortly, because like I said they're definitely chapters that work better as a pair (especially because this one is a shorty).
“Alright, well, we have another half tank of gas, so we should be good for the next few hours,” Dean said, attempting to stretch. His jeans stuck to the cheap fabric seats the way they never would on the smooth leather of the Impala and made him feel claustrophobic, like he was trapped. He needed to get back to Baby and take her for a ride, even if his brother fought him on it. “You ok, Cas?” Dean asked, louder than necessary in the confines of the car, searching for eye contact in the rear-view mirror
Sam had called him an asshole. And as the burn of his heightened feelings started to fade he was kind of starting to feel like one.
Dean clenched his jaw and broke eye-contact with the angel, choosing instead to torture himself by focusing his anger on the burger in front of him.
, Cas?” Sam’s voice cracked when he tried to yell.
It read.
“It might actually be a good idea to get out for a while.” Cas’ gravelly voice, at this point as part of the house to Dean as the warm, worn carpet, seemed to come out of nowhere. But without opening his eyes, knew Cas was standing near the old tube tv against the far wall, next to one of Dean’s favourite cracks in the paint.
“No, Dean. I have several shifts scheduled this week. I intend to fulfill my promise to Toby.”
It was a woman. She was settled next to a rusted, teal moped, with her hands spread in the air. Her red hair was pulled back and she was wearing a filthy Star Wars t-shirt under a dirt-matted green coat.
“And you’re not… weirded out by that?”
He had about three seconds of morning peace before everything came crashing back to him. Today, he had to figure shit out with Cas. The angel stuff, or at least the angel fighting stuff. Fighting, he was good at. He hadn’t put up much of one the night before, but after living with his dad for so many years, he knew how to stand down and walk away almost as well.
“But you’re not?”
“You good, Dean?” He looked worried. He sounded worried.
Bobby checked whatever it was under his boot, apparently satisfied it was dead.
Cas bent down, angling Dean’s face up to meet his. Slowly, he leaned in, stopping at the last second to let Dean make the decision. His eyes flickered down to Cas’ mouth, so close to his, and he closed the distance, barely, the gentlest brush of parted lips against parted lips.
Sam squinted at the raw skin that marked Cas’ chest with disbelief. “Do we need to disinfect it?” Dean barely heard him, everything was white light and a loud buzz.
Cas finished changing, and Dean tried to keep his eyes off of him as he slid out of his boxers and pulled grey sweats up around his hips. They both climbed into bed and Dean wrapped his arms around the angel and buried his nose into messy hair.
“Please, Dean.” Cas’ mouth dropped open, lost in the man beneath him. He sounded shattered and his hands were everywhere—running over Dean’s chest under his shirt, leaving a trail of heat and electricity everywhere he touched.
“So that was you,” Dean said.
“No. It would be possible for me to remove most of the debris without extending too much power,” Cas replied, walking towards the blockade. “Please take cover, both of you,” he called back.
The others were already on their way over to them.
“Dude, seriously?” He was too tired to fight back and too sick of Castiel’s bitchy tone to argue.
Dean clenched his jaw and turned his entire upper body to look at the angel standing at his shoulder. “Yeah, Cas. I know. It’s not like we had the friggin’ National Guard here to help us.”
Something twisted in his gut, trying to push against the happiness he felt seeing his brother healthy. He ignored it and pulled Sam into a hug he might not have been ready for, but at that moment, Dean really couldn’t give a shit.
blasted through the speakers, but even that couldn’t cut through his memories of their lives before and how much Heaven and Hell had taken from them.
Dean helped the pliant angel pull off his shirt and pants before stripping off his own jeans and climbing back into bed. Cas didn’t say anything more, so Dean turned off the lamp next to them and listened to Cas’ breathing slow as he fell asleep against him.
“Hey Sam, you got any of those energy bars left?” Dean asked.
He knew he was being selfish, wanting more from Cas. But in the end it didn’t matter, because he wasn’t sure there was anything left in him that was capable of hope. It had all been burned out, sick and withered with the Mark. And then again and again every time the angel left him behind, another little piece was cut away from the part of him that still screamed
“Well, at least we know we have the right place. Probably.”
“Maybe it’s
Cas’ eyes went wild as he pushed forward again, almost too deep. Dean’s eyes started to water but he was lost in it, letting himself go as Cas fucked into his mouth. He pushed a desperate hand down the front of his jeans, gripping himself hard to try and relieve some of the pressure.
Henry smiled tightly. “No, not a time loop. When Abaddon was finally killed, I cast a spell, one that could only be activated when another member of our order, or a Legacy,” he added, gesturing to Sam and Dean, “entered the building.”
“Your loss. Cas?” Dean got out of the car, shaking the bottle in his friend’s direction like a 40 proof olive branch.
“So, are you gonna scamper off, or do you have a couple extra eyeballs you don’t mind losing?” Dean asked, his voice dangerous and his shoulders tight. The need to turn around and retreat inside the house was burning behind his forehead, but the pressing cold and dozen barrels he was looking down were doing wonders to hold him still. The bright light above them clicked off, casting the two groups in the dull, fading glow of twilight that still somehow managed to make his eyes ache.
Cas didn’t reply, he just stood and squared his shoulders, staring the other angels down with blue fire.
Through watering eyes, he looked down at Cas who was struggling to get up. Dean saw blood spreading across his chest, seeping through the beige coat. He pulled Cas in closer, wrapping an arm around his waist and putting pressure on the wound with his free hand.
“Should we knock?” he asked once they’d all gathered around the door.
“Sooner would be better than later,” Bobby grumbled. He stood, stretching out his back before grabbing a few more sticks for the fire.
Dean’s mouth fell open, and he didn’t know what the hell possessed him to do it, but he darted his tongue out to lap at the thumb Cas was dragging across his lower lip.
“It wouldn’t even be that difficult, really. There’s hardly any angel left in him.”
He threw Sam’s last bag in his room, and carried the rest into his own room, opening it up and digging out some of the things he’d kept close over the years, even after the apocalypse.
“You know that’s not gonna do much, right?” Dean asked, as he ripped the ugly, floral cover off his bed to shake off the dust. When he saw the clean white sheets under it he almost cried.
Dean was quiet as they navigated the once-idyllic streets to get to the address that Henry had given them. He kept them away from the centre of town, trying to keep as low of a profile as possible. And although Baby was an eye-catcher, she was a lot more subdued without her glossy shine.
When he looked back up at Cas, he was watching Dean’s slick fingers slide against each other like he was hypnotized by it. The brilliance was back, but it was different—hotter than before. Cas grabbed his hand, covering his own in the oil before reaching forward to gently cup the side of Dean’s face. The scent was overwhelming as it spread over his skin, and Cas was staring at him with so much intensity Dean was sure his entire body was some shade of red.
“Let’s call it a day,” Bobby said. “Well, you boys do whatever you want, but I’m calling it a day.”
Oof. Some big changes are barreling towards our boys. I'm sure they'll be able to handle it, though.
Sam continued to pour through the books in the library—Dean wouldn’t have been surprised if he’d gotten through most of them at this point—like the guy couldn’t sleep until he’d absorbed every piece of knowledge in the room. Dean told him to keep an ear out for anyone trying to come through on the radio that was close by, anxious about missing Charlie if she reached out.
“Cas?”
Dean grimaced at his dinner—another can of tomato-y goop and some tuna. He put it on the nightstand, too tired to eat and still feeling bloated from the heavy burger and beers. Guess he wasn’t used to that anymore either.
“However, I think because of the limited information available, our options are also limited,” Cas said, and pressed down again—his fingers dipping between Dean’s spread legs and then dragging back up over the hardening outline that curved towards his hip.
“Continue,” Cas said plainly once they were headed in the right direction.
Dean let out a strangled cry as Cas angled his hips to hit his prostate again and again as he fucked into him like a force of nature. He lifted one hand to brace himself against the headboard, throwing his head back as droplets of Cas’ sweat landed on his chest.
A sudden rap of knuckles against their door made Dean jump, dragging him back, staggering, into reality. He moved away from Cas to break their contact, like he was pulling his hand off of a hot stove.
“I don’t think we’ve done that much hunter crap in months. Dealing with angels. Walking into weird, magicked-up buildings. We used to do it every day.”
Dean looked at it appraisingly. “You saying we already have matching tattoos?” He smiled and moved back into Cas’ space, running his hand over the lines of text.
“Good morning, Dean. What would you like?”
The sky was the deeper grey of the mid-afternoon, and as he stiffly climbed out of the car, he saw they were parked in front of a run-down industrial building in the middle of nowhere. They were surrounded on all sides by short, sloping hills covered in dead leaves and gnarled trees. It might have been calming at one point, all this nature, but now it just looked like a threatening reminder of what was at stake.
The bottles squeaked loudly as Cas moved the package off of his lap.
They’d tracked down the monster to her next victim’s home—fighting through plastic barriers and still-damp plastered drywall in the renovated house to gank the monster. Turns out she was a woodland spirit, one who didn’t take too well to her forest being ripped to pieces to get cut down into 2x4s for yuppy renos. The coffee shop had been a red herring. It turned out it was just a popular place.
As she turned and let the heat from the flame wash over her, she knew Lucifer would be pleased. It had taken more influence than she first assumed to get Rufus and his group to turn on the Winchesters. But they’d done it, and now the brothers were out of their warded fortress. When those simpering angels finally pointed them in the direction of the demon tablet, she’d be close behind.
**********
“Aw come on. Sam?”
“Why did you bring the real tablet?” he asked Dean. “I was expecting a decoy.”
He pushed the box into the centre of the table and Sam reached for it, sliding it open to reveal a pewter-coloured key.
“Yeah well, rustle around a little further away next time before you give me a freakin’ heart attack.”
Dean joined the others in the lower level, where they were all staring slack-jawed into the next room. It was a library, lined with brick and white stone and filled with more books than Dean had ever seen in one place.
“Jesus
“Uh,” Dean closed one eye in concentration. He searched for an answer through the fog in his brain. “Beer pong?”
“Cas, I—”
Shame roiled in his stomach, but he couldn’t remember any of it happening. Well, probably
Turiel looked up at him, obviously annoyed. “Living up to your reputation, Castiel.”
“A door?”
“But if you feel like laying down for the night,” he said too quickly, “you could… do that here.” He felt awkward, and the sweat cooling on his body uncomfortable—but he didn’t want things to be weird with Cas. He was trying, damn it.
“No. Guess not,” Dean answered.
Cas was quiet, like he was gathering courage or working up to something. Dean decided it was probably better to let the guy figure it out and keep his own mouth shut. He rolled his beer in his hands, only stopping to pick at the corner of the damp, silver label. It flaked under his fingers and he chanced another glance at Cas. He was flexing his hands into fists, but Dean couldn’t make out the look on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
The car clicked off as Sam reached over the seats to turn off the engine, the sudden quiet pulled their attention away from each other.
As Bobby’s laughter faded, he pushed back his hat so Dean could see more of his face. “That house was my life. It’s where I lived with my wife. Where she… died. It’s where you and your brother would watch monster movies with me when your dad was out of town and eat so much damn popcorn you’d puke,” His face, that had been so full of manic joy just a moment ago, fell, and his mouth pulled in tight.
They’d brought in their food and water from the cars, but he was too tired to even stand and this was right in front of him. He pulled off the top, starving, and started emptying the contents into his mouth. “Can I get some of that Gatorade?” He asked his brother, red sauce staining his upper lip.
“We need to discuss last night.”
“Nothin’. How about we fix that stupid thing,” he said, pointing with his chin to the hole in the wall. “It’s freezing in here and we need to keep Sam warm.”
**********
The rest of the group said their goodbyes, and when they were finally ready to go, Charlie flashed them all the Vulcan salute. “Peace out, bitches,” she said, watching as they turned to head over to the cars.
Finally some sexy stuff in this chapter! Of course, Dean doesn't handle it well—when does he ever handle anything complicated *well*? He's been drinking a whole hell of a lot in this fic, I know, but it's his coping mechanism and there is a metric shit-ton of coping he has to do. He'll work through it though, trust me.
“Mornin’, Cas,” Dean said. They hadn’t spoken since their conversation the night before but Dean had spent the entire night playing it over in his mind.
The angel practically vibrated against him, grabbing Dean’s hair and pulling his head back so he could run his mouth up the tendons of Dean’s exposed throat. His eyes slipped closed as soft kisses turned into sharp drags of teeth and Cas bit small marks along the curve of his neck and across his collar bone.
He pulled off of Dean with a wet pop and rubbed his mouth up and down the hard length, sending a hot shudder down Dean’s spine as he flicked his tongue over his slit and continued to stroke his own straining dick at Dean’s feet.
“They’d gank us?”
“So, how long will this take exactly?” Dean asked, picking up the mug he’d abandoned on the table earlier. His mouth puckered at the cold, bitter taste of the coffee.
“She seems
He grabbed a burger, alone, and spent the rest of the day at a bar.
Cas’ scrunched his face up at Dean’s choice of words.
He did up his jacket against the cold, wishing it actually felt like summer. He’d never been too outdoorsy, but he wouldn’t mind seeing the sun again. Scratch that. He’d live under this grey haze of a sky forever if he could have a hot shower. He was sick of freezing his balls off washing in streams and ponds and out of buckets of water on the road.
Fuck it. Cas probably wouldn’t even answer.
“A place called Lebanon,” Sam said.
Eventually, too soon, Cas’ hips stilled and he pulled Dean off with a wet pop. Dean was panting shaky breaths as he opened his eyes and bent forward slowly to press his parted lips against Cas’ velvety tip before turning his face up to look at him. Cas was breathing fast and shallow and stared down at him with a look so shattered it brought a deeper flush to Dean’s face.
“Enough for another full tank. Then we’re out.”
Dean wondered if the feeling of home he’d felt so deeply at Bobby’s had just somehow transferred to the angel in front of him. A fluke. Residuals of the spell. That had to be it, the reason for the warm, excited buzz that was spreading through him at Cas’ hesitant touch.
“Stop,” Cas interrupted him, putting his hand on the side of Dean’s face. The sudden contact startled him until he felt the cool buzz of Cas’ grace. He looked at the palms of his hands. The wounds weren’t healed, but they’d stopped seeping, and the pain was gone.
He followed her out from under the tent and looked around for his family. They were saying their goodbyes to a few of the other Lawrence residents, so Dean took a moment to look at Charlie, taking her in before stepping in close to wrap his arms around her. He smiled into her hair as her arms circled his waist.
There was no stopping it.
“Stay back,” Cas yelled into the room. The flashlight had come to a stop against a wall, casting a sickly glow on the crumpled man who had attacked Dean. The rest of the group, in a panic, rushed towards them.
Sam rushed over to his brother, who was collapsed on one knee in the dead leaves. “Dean? What happened?”
. He brought his other knee up to his chest and worked a little too hard to untie the top of that boot, pulling the laces aggressively which just ended up tightening them over his arch.
Well, he could cut that shit right out. There was one thing Dean Winchester didn’t joke about, and it was his morning coffee. His whole day hinged on that damn coffee. It was almost as important as his late-afternoon whiskey.
Poor Dean. Poor Cas. But we've got a turning point here and maybe—just maybe—Dean's getting ready to get his stupid head together.
He wrote down the frequency where they could get in touch with the group in Falls City and ended the transmission.
“Look, Cas, I—"
Dean’s dry eyes stung as he searched for something to say, but Sam spoke before he could. “If we stay, we face the real possibility of this happening again. And, Bobby, there’s something else.”
Cas had been gone for days, and the entire time Dean had been trying to forget why he’d left in the first place.
**********
“Good morning,” Cas said as he entered the room. Dean hid a smile at the fact he was still wearing his trench coat even in the warmth of the library.
He rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands and gave himself about five seconds to try and relax before reaching to the table to grab the bottle and lift it to his mouth.
“So what is this, are we stuck in some sort of freaky time loop?” Dean added.
Dean corrected.
“Christ—Cas, you drive me crazy,” Dean admitted before he could stop himself. A private smile played at the corners of Cas’ bruised mouth and Dean couldn’t help but lean in and gently kiss it like he couldn’t believe he was allowed. There was a tiny ache in his chest, right in the middle.
She took a second to switch her brain over to the new topic. “Well, I grew up here, and a lot of these other people did too. Not Benny, of course,” she said, gesturing to the guy talking to Bobby and Sam, the one who’s name Dean couldn’t remember from before. “He’s from the south. But this is home, so we decided to help each other out,” Charlie said simply.
“Dean—”
“Not a damn thing. Just one cranky old bastard and a bitchy angel.” He sat down, finally, in a chair that wouldn’t kill him and crossed his arms.
**********
The walk back to the motel was short, but too cold. They walked down the empty sidewalks of the town, avoiding the worst of the potholes and cracks while hurrying to the scrap of warmth they all knew they’d find back in their rooms. Dean was just glad the angels didn’t bring them to Peru or something.
Cas worked him slowly, his tongue swirling around the flesh he was stretching open as he gently bent his fingers to brush against Dean’s prostate. Dean cried out shamelessly, saying things to Cas he never thought he’d have the chance to—about his lips and eyes and how fucking badly he’s always wanted him—as his blood boiled beneath his skin.
He mashed the delete button a few times before slamming the computer closed.
He was standing restlessly outside of Dean’s room waiting for an invitation to enter.
“It was the right thing to do. If even one of those assholes made it back to whatever camp they had, they might have brought back more trouble. People—hunters—know me. Know where I live. I couldn’t put you boys in that kinda danger. You’re more important to me than a pile of brick and mortar.”
“Great. While you were out, Sam and I did some recon. There’s a factory in town that has a black smokestack. Probably been cold since before the blasts, but it’s lookin’ pretty active these days. We figure that’s where they’re keeping him.”
Dean tossed him the keys from his pocket. “Go nuts.”
“We need to go,” Cas said, standing beside the bed. “If you can’t drive, I will, or you can ride with Bobby.”
“Hey, Cas?”
They drove in silence for a while. Dean was drinking an energy drink he’d pilfered from the last gas station they’d hit, using it to wash down the dry protein bar Sam had tossed at him. He felt anxious, a feeling totally removed from the syrupy, green liquid he’d just ingested in what he was pretty sure was record time.
“It’s not as easy as that.”
But don't sweat it—this isn't one of those stories where OCs pull focus. We're still very much all about our boys in this fic.
“You’re good?”
It was a solitary farmhouse on an open tract of land. But although the natural scenery around it had long since dried up and died, the house itself looked dynamic, alive—like it was surrounded by some sort of vibrating forcefield. There wasn’t one shingle out of place, not a single broken window, no sign of fire damage. Nothing.
“Put the keys down, Sammy. You’re not taking her anywhere without me.” He was lying down on the couch with a flimsy, decorative pillow folded in half to support his head. When he laid here, he could feel her moving around him—every floorboard, every faucet, every inch of wiring. It was heaven.
Cas didn’t speak for a moment, like he was letting the tension pass or giving Dean time to change his mind—to shove him away again.
Sam rolled his eyes but laughed into his cup as he took a sip. “I don’t even remember the last time I saw a cucumber.”
“Don’t call me
He turned around, his head falling forward as he put his hands on his hips. His eyes were burning, and as he rubbed them, the dirt on his fingers came away darker, wet.
“I understand,” Cas said. He moved up the bed to settle in beside Dean who inched over to give him more room.
“This is where we ran into a few problems,” Dean said, putting his hands on his hips. The east side of the property, where the driveway met the dirt road, needed to be kept clear. They didn’t have enough fencing to build a gate, and they couldn’t set up tripwires or block the entrance they needed to use. “We’re wide open,” Dean explained. “So we gotta keep our eyes peeled.”
“Cas!” Dean yelled through the din as he took cover below the wood and plaster exploding above him. Light poured into the room as the boarding against the windows was blown away, and Dean could see Cas’ shadow blocking the ever-brightening light coming in from the open door. He held his gun to his chest and chanced a glance towards him from his position in front of the couch. He could see Cas’ hands raised, blue-white light pouring from them.
He shuffled through Bobby’s things on his desk, organizing some papers and straightening stacks of books. He ran his fingertips along the faded paint and wallpaper that covered the walls as he walked over to the door that led to the basement.
But he didn’t.
(See the end of the chapter for
Before he could even start undoing the buttons still maddeningly fastened on his shirt, Cas mojo’d the tattered cotton into whatever dimension he sent those things. Dean didn’t care where it went or that he hadn’t had the chance to undress Cas himself—
“What else do ya wanna hear? This is all new to me, Cas. And along with all the other crap piled on top of us right now, I’m still trying to—”
Cas smiled and tilted Dean’s head back to kiss him. His face was so full of soft adoration it made Dean’s face burn.
, “We’re together,” he said quickly. “Wanted you guys to know.”
Dean stopped and put his arm out to stop Cas from going any further. “See that? Tripwire. We’ve got them set up all along the edge of the property. If anyone comes through here, we’ll know. Sam connected them to an alarm inside.” It was rudimentary, sure, but they’d tested it and Dean knew he could trust his brother’s brainy ideas. Or most of them anyway.
Sam took a deep breath and ran his hands through his flop of hair. “And what if we don’t? He keeps… waxing poetic about crown moulding?”
“Aaron, no!” the man at the window yelled. Cas gestured with his arm and Aaron flew across the room, hitting a wall. The knife dropped and so did he. He was too weak, too sick, and he collapsed in a bony heap with the power of the impact.
So he laid on the horn, too long and too loud, and as they pulled onto the street, Dean couldn’t help but laugh.
“I can’t,” Cas groaned, “I want—"
Dean tried to kiss him, but Cas leaned back, guiding Dean’s head to his neck. Dean got the hint pretty damn quick and lapped at his skin, biting at his collarbones.
Silence.
“Alright,” Sam paused as if unsure how his brother would take what he was going to say next. “Maybe you should take Cas with you tonight. Show him the ropes.”
“Jesus
“God,” he sighed. “Sorry.”
“Look,” Dean cut in, “We need that key. I don’t know if you realize what’s been going on the last few months, but we need to get into that bunker to end it.” He was sick of playing hide and seek. He wanted to get the key and get going.
“How are you feeling?”
And thanks again to my readers. Your comments and kudos and continued support have been a lifeline throughout this entire wild ride.
He wished he shared some of them with Sam, but his brother had been too young.
“Dean, you’ve died for your brother. You’ve been to hell. You’ve spent your entire life saving people. How are you not qualified to reflect on humanity? You’re one of my Father’s finest creations.”
PHEW. Here it is, the smuttiest chapter yet. And I think our boys have more than earned it, don't you? It also seems like Dean learned a pretty valuable lesson after his night at Charlie's. Yay Dean! And yay Cas!
“Watch over the woods pal, not me.” And he slept.
Dean looked around him, breathless, and he was suddenly alone in the trailer.
Cas went quiet. He hadn’t said a word the entire way to Chester. Dean guessed the angel needed some time to take in what the new world looked like. How it smelled. Sam and Dean had some time to get used to things and saw the devastation as it spread. But Cas had been thrown right into it, like some sick sort of before and after. Dean hated having to ask him for a favour.
“Cool. Cas, you still good to get us the rest of the way home when we hit empty?”
than mine, I assure you.” The demon took one lurching step forward, daring Dean to draw his weapon.
“Cas,” Dean hissed, flushing at the scrape of Cas’ teeth across a spot that was apparently connected directly to his dick. “Hey, hey, wait.”
The next morning, a big, sweaty angel was still lying next to him dead asleep. Dean looked at him for a second, amazed he could still look so good even when he was drooling onto a pillow.
Dean was staring Charlie down.
Charlie laughed and stood up to face him. “If I said yes, how would I break it to my kingdom? My harem would be heartbroken.” She took a step closer to Dean. “Look. You don’t need me. Lawrence does. And that angel? He’s crazy for you.” She lifted her finger to Dean’s forehead. “So. Stop. Fucking. It. Up.” She punctuated every word with a poke.
“Yes. Take it to these coordinates,” Larry said, pulling out a pad of paper from his pocket and scribbling something down. “Then shut it in. Close the door forever. Walk away.”
“Where’s the holy oil?” Sam asked, “I think there’s one more thing I can try, but I need the holy oil to finish the spell.”
Cas finally arched up into him. The light in the room flickered as his body shuddered and he spilled hot and messy across the button-up he was still wearing.
Sam was, physically, back to his old self the next morning when Dean brought him some instant cereal for breakfast.
Sam looked as confused as Dean was.
Abaddon kept the vile smile painted on her face as she held her hand out and tightened it into a fist, sending pain burning through Dean’s insides. He clenched his stomach as he struggled to find the railing, hauling himself onto his feet to look at her.
**********
Cas stiffened. “No,” he said, but Dean could see a faint blush colour his cheeks.
I'm feeling so many ***emotions*** posting this, and I hope you all like it as much as I do.
When Sam was sick, Dean had cleaned that fucking tub until it sparkled.
“They’re not exactly subtle,” he said instead. “You can’t go out in public like that—you look like a Halloween store reject.”
It was his turn. “Mornin’ Cas.”
He was bent over, his hands on his knees, as he glared at the shelf in front of him.
The door of the station had been smashed, and the brothers had to bow their heads while stepping through it to avoid the chunks of safety glass that were still stuck to the frame. Outside, it was cold. They both pulled down their masks when they stepped into the fresh air.
Dean swallowed. His throat was so dry it burned. “You’re gonna be ok. We’re gonna get you taken care of.” He stroked his hand awkwardly through dark, wild hair, before moving his clothes out of the way to look at the damage near the angel’s collarbone. Shifting Cas in his arms as gently as he could, he breathed a sigh of relief when he saw the wound wasn’t open. It was ugly, but it wasn’t open. Dean carefully ran his thumb over the already-healing scab and onto the bruised flesh that surrounded it. Cas’ breath hitched but he didn’t flinch. Dean felt rough stubble catch against his own.
