They called Jodi. Donna. Bobby. Garth. Every hunter they could reach, including some others. It was an all hands on deck situation. And, they needed an army. An army of hunters, psychics, witches, and beyond. Hell, gotta fight supernatural with supernatural. Rowena buckled down with Bobby and Patience in the war room within the hour. They stood together, pouring through the Book of the Damned. She said something might be in there about harnessing psychic energy and weaponizing it. They're going to need all the help they can get.
Dean did call him. It was almost four in the morning. Jack answered quickly. From the sound of it, the nephil had gotten into the kitchen cupboards. The unmistakable snap-crackle-pop stuttered over the line as Dean apologized. Castiel just sat by and listened.
"Good." Dean grunted, hands checking off each piece of machinery under the hood. "Listen close. When you got a leak like this, you gotta stop it from hitting the engine. Car's on, engine gets hot, burns this greasy shit up, causing the engine to overheat. And if you check the level of... yeah. I can see it from here. We're running low. Damnit."
Castiel reached into his pocket and fished out his cellphone. He handed it over to Dean. "Call your son."
"Try to add candles at least." Sam said. Gesturing above them, "There's aged whisky in the bar cabinet. Johnnie Walker Blue. It has a special place in his heart. Pour him some of that."
Sam rolled his eyes, "I don't know. You made me kill the only person with a soul who could read it."
He let out a big breath, pushing out from his seat at the kitchen table. He left the soaking bowl of potatoes, the grater, and the rest of his tools where they were. Dean walked over to the angel and took him by the shoulder, steering him towards the sink, "First, hands. Wash them. Please -- don't touch the faucet, it's gonna get dirty. Just let me."
"You absolutely did not hear this from me." Sam said sternly. Jack gave him a hopeful look back, and Sam's hard exterior cracked. "But, yes."
in the middle of the night instead of some woman I hardly know, Cas. He can't keep us apart. I'll raise hell." Dean promised. He held tighter onto Castiel's hand. "I'm choosing you. Wings and all. Even if he catches you in my bed every night."
"Please be careful." Sam pleaded. "There are a bunch of dead scorpions and charred metacarpal bones in there and I need it for a spell later."
He was quiet. Didn't say a word as the wind rolled through the wheat field, ruffling the grass and the leaves in the trees. His skin was warm, damp with nervousness. Green eyes met blue. Dean leaned in and kissed him warmly on the cheek, hands buried in those soft dark curls as both of them breathed in the moment. Dean kissed his cheek once more. When he pulled back, he was a bit red in the face. Nervous and beautiful in the moonlight, Dean scratched anxiously behind his neck and said, "Sorry. I shouldn't have... you're right. I uh... I'll do it."
"Unless you want to choke, yeah." Dean laughed, patting Sam's back and watching as Castiel guided their son to the breakfast table.
Now that there's a couple living with them, Sam's gotta start thinking of ways to get him and the kid out of the bunker. They're going to be going on a lot of trips soon. Museums, movies, playgrounds, ice cream, camping, rock climbing. Sure, it haunts Sam that he'd be doing this so that his brother had time to both bang his boyfriend and be a dad, but to honest it sounded like fun. Sam was looking forward to spending more quality time with his son. Maybe he won't be teaching Jack magic just yet, but he's definitely teaching him how to movie hop. It's a time honored American tradition.
Sam wrinkled his nose as he unzipped a duffle bag on top of the bar. He pulled out a small pot and a spell book, shaking his head. Dean, on the other hand glanced over at Castiel and adjusted himself in his jeans. The angel quickly busied himself with a bag full of lamb's blood and brushes, blushing hard and refusing to give Sam eye contact.
, Dean thought to himself. He took a step back and allowed Castiel to continue to confront his father.
"Yeah." Castiel kissed at Dean's neck again, getting a bit more comfortable touching him now that he knows he's not going to mess it up with Dean. The human tugged at his hair and Castiel growled, a deep rumbling thing in his throat.
"I don't know how long it's been since the Empty was awake, but it made the deal all wrong. Cosmic deals have rules, laws. Your deal has no expiration date, there are open ended terms, you didn't sign anything or give it a sacrificial offering of blood, grace, or sexual intimacy to tie you to your agreement. You just took its word?"
Sam smirked before leaving the room, "Yeah. Anything with bacon, you can guarantee he's involved in somehow. Still cooking if you can believe it. He's baking macaroni and cheese from scratch, pretty sure he's cracked."
Cas wandered through the bunker from room to room like a ghost. His eyes were vacant and dusty, but he refused to sit or talk to anyone. This was nothing like the last time Jack died. Castiel was there, watching it all unfold, helpless as his child was taken from him. All he could hear was Jack crying while he burned from the inside out.
"I didn't deviate from your precious recipe." Castiel patted Jack's wrist as the boy took another bite, "It's an inside comment between the two of us. You're getting worked up. Eat your breakfast."
Jack felt awful. He didn't mean to kill her, and his fathers knew that. But the damage was still done. Mary was dead. The Winchesters lost her, but Jack did too. His grandmother meant the world to him. Mary watched over him in the Apocalypse Universe for months. She had kept him close without judgement or fear. She brought him to safety. She guided him. She taught him that he didn't have to hide who he was to be accepted -- to be a hero.
Dean found more or less the same on the shelves in his room. He'd cooked dinner in a pair of jeans that were absolutely criminal on him. When Dean pulled them from the shelf, he checked the tag in disbelief. He pulled out his phone and looked them up, "These jeans are six hundred American dollars, baby, what the hell?" He wore them anyway, not able to find a pair of denim on the shelf that didn't cost more than a goddamn Macintosh.
Dean turned his head to the counter. A kind looking man stood right there as the cashier. He looked to be a few years older than Dean. Kinda cute too. Dean cleared his throat nervously and pointed to his Pizza Hut cap. "Uh, yeah. I'm new. I'm a transfer."
Dean chuckled, feeling Cas's arms wind tighter around his waist as he rubbed their noses together, "If twenty hunters and my brother weren't summoning Death in my living room, I'd let you do it again right now."
The monster howled with pain, staggering closer to Castiel. The angel let off two more shots to get the thing to go down. The Leviathan shrieked and moaned as gravity pulled it to the ground, spelling out it's fate as a future blossom. Castiel stared ahead to the closing portal, looking over his shoulder at Dean as he lowered the shot gun, "Are you going to come with me or what?"
Castiel shook his head and chuckled, "No. The contrary. Full blooded angels exist to be prayed to. It's quite nice. Like someone is whispering into your ear, but you can't see them. You can only hear them, feel their presence."
Dean wiggled a bit under Castiel's big chest to pull out his own key to the bunker as a symbolic gesture, "How about 'don't leave me anymore'? How about 'I want you to move back in' and 'I miss you' and 'I need you'? Huh, how about that?"
"Good to hear it! I've been gettin' into a little commandin' myself, and it's a right good time." Rowena winked at Billie.
Clouds gathered in the sky as Sam chanted. The dark stones fell to the grassy earth around the maps, pounding up and down into the dirty gravel. They tore the maps apart, invisible hands using the stones to shred the paper on the ground. Australia and South America were ripped into strips. Little bits of paper swirled in the wind, dancing to the tune of Sam's commanding voice. Next, went Asia, Europe, Africa. All ripped and floating inside the circle made by Sam and his family.
him in place. He tends to flit around, endlessly watching and writing. We must stop him from moving, and cut him off from his stories. Only then, will we have power."
Castiel admitted fondly in Dean's arms. "Me too. I'm not sure if you're aware, but I'm not from this planet."
If Dean wasn't so tired, he'd drag Cas out for a walk after their family went to sleep. But his current plans were to get to rest as soon as he could. Sam, on the other hand was more drawn to the quietness outside. He wanted space to spread his stones and maps and play with magic. He wanted to cast with The Book again on his own before bed. Just to be sure Metatron isn't on the move.
Dean lowered his gun, growling out, "Do you have to give us a heart attack every time you pop in? Couldn't you call first?"
Sam shuddered and switched to the camera app instead. Better not interrupt them. He doesn't want to think about what his brother and best friend are getting up to upstairs. Dean was feeling a mix of emotions this morning. He just had a huge romantic moment with the love of his life. Right after, he was stuck in a car with his family and overwhelmed with a case. That wasn't fair for Dean and Cas. They deserved time alone together. Even if they're not having sex.
Castiel spoke up, "The Impala needs an engine check before we do our next long drive. I felt it last night. Something is... amiss."
Dean paused, shifting the Rock and Roll cookbook in his hands for a second before admitting. "Okay. That does sound cool. But you can't eat it... so..."
Death and The Darkness sat together in the classic bar Chuck had created to write and hide. The jukebox in the corner sang out a static crisp cover of Billie Holiday as the two larger than life beings shared a bartop and waited.
Mourning who he was, Jack felt all of that self-hatred and monstrosity he felt when he was in his infancy. All he feared was true. He was a monster. Soulless. Emotionless. Mistrusted by his caretakers. He could hide anywhere in the world, but what he really wants is his parents. He's barely three years old. It all came rushing back. Like the flickering lights in the precinct where he was adopted, like the nougat in the machine, like the glowing golden eyes that shine like supernovas as his grace flares and builds. When he exhaled, his power erupted from his core. It rocked him like an active volcano. It was bigger and stronger than anything he'd ever felt.
The hotel room door closed behind the pretty brunette in yoga pants. She pulled the silver cart of bags down the hall, little Gucci sneakers carrying her silently over to the boys. "You're right, Castiel." She leaned down to pull an angel blade out of a Dolce & Gabbana bag. "Something is very, very wrong. You're not supposed to be here."
Dean pointed at him, "Oh no. You read it perfect. I got a blanket in my car and a speaker to blast some rock ballads. I'm ready for a
Meta shrugged in their ropes, "Kid, I was sitting right by the balcony when Chuck told Amara that he killed you outta fear. She knew he did. She felt it happen. The Darkness is in harmony with tragedy and disasters. When a powerful creature bites it, she gets an Amber Alert. They got into an argument about how irrationally he dealt with you. And he's just been getting worse. Attitude, tantrums, demands. He's gotten to be a bit annoying. Amara banished him from Reno a few weeks ago. He can't come anywhere near this place until he gets his act together."
Cas shrugged. Their kid is right, but Jack's charges against Dean were all dismissed by Castiel's court because the man is cute.
between them and this thick cloud of tension started to melt away. Cas's hands buried into Dean's hair. He thumbed his freckled cheekbone to push their faces closer. Castiel kissed the hunter gently, fluidly, and it felt like breathing. Dean fell into him. He ran his hands over that old tan coat, fingers gripping into it as he deepened the kiss.
A long white feather glowed in the lamplight as Sam held it up. The edges looked as though they'd been dipped in gold, shimmering at the tip. Very similar to an angel feather, but much longer and brighter. He hasn't seen a golden dipped angel feather since... Morning Star. Oh, no.
A part of Cas wishes he weren't a coward -- that he was brave enough to make his own moves. He could have tilted his face a bit last night, just a little to the left, when Dean kissed his cheek. And their night would have ended differently than all the other nights would.
Dean walked over to the counter, taking the messy batter bowl and spoon with him as he strode through the kitchen. The hunter snagged an egg from the carton Castiel had left out, cracking it with one hand, adding it to the bowl, and tossing the shell in the trash.
They pulled up to a red brick motel that looked like a small row of houses attached to each other. Each one looked as if it had a studio set up. Small shingled roofing, wide windows, older construction. The small house all the way at the end had a bright red door and a sign: PROPERTY MANAGER. Jack, Sam, and Cas got their bags together in the trunk. While the boys busied themselves with that, Dean got the room keys.
Dean nodded, "Exactly. A hotel with clients like that has huge firewalls, it's designed to be inpenatrable. We can't access their records outside. We need to get into the admin office. Preferably in uniform with Charlie in their ear. It might take a while."
He stopped walking for a moment and cursed quietly to himself. He told himself he'd stop abandoning the man when his feelings got too strong. But this was a serious situation, Dean would understand. Jack was in pain. Their son needed him. Castiel shook his head and started walking again.
Castiel answered, "Percisely. I am older than dirt itself. It used to be my job to watch the Earth grow and move. Record it's time passing."
was awesome. He kissed Dean as if he wanted his last moments to be spent ravishing the love of his life. Castiel made him feel like Ingrid Bergman on the balcony with his hair in the wind, falling into Cary Grant's lush lips despite the imminent danger. Then the angel confessed his love. Who knew Castiel could be such a romantic... Dean cleared his throat. He took another sip of coffee. It was incredibly hot.
Castiel picked up the remote, turning on the fireplace. Right below the mounted TV a long strip of fire roared to life, safe and supported by the wall. He closed his eyes as Dean leaned in to kiss his jaw and neck, setting down the remote. His lips were soft. Dean scattered warm, gentle kisses along the sensitive skin. The angel hummed, feeling his throat move under Dean's lips. Dean kissed him again and again.
"Good. Jack?" Castiel called, waiting for Jack to arrive. When his son approached him, Castiel patted his head softly, "Get rest tonight. Stay safe. Trust your instincts. You'll be okay, alright? Dean and I will be right next door."
He sighed, looking up at the sky, "I can't tell him 'its okay' or 'I forgive you' because I'll never forget what he did to my mom. And I know he didn't mean it, and it wasn't really him. But it was still him, you know?"
"I love you too, baby." Dean patted his back, kissing the top of his head softly. He rubbed calming motions while Cas finished on top of him. His fingers soothed and pushed and massaged Cas's back. Rocking out the last few shocks, with his angel Dean started felt himself getting close. He could feel the warm mess in Cas's sweatpants. Dean whispered, "Almost there."
"Hey. You don't owe me shit and that's final. Not up for debate. Alright?" Dean cuffed the kid's chin, and smiled to himself as he did so. That strong bone structure under that baby face made him look so much like Cas sometimes. It was everything to Dean to look at his son and see his angel staring back at him. "Now, go sit down! Eat. Just try everything out, okay? We even made strawberry pancakes. Ever had those?"
Dean leaned into Castiel, bumping his shoulder, "Hey. I'm sorry. Is that what you want? Look, I am. I coulda handled the whole sleepover thing better. Let-let me at least take the bag off your hands. Come on, baby." Castiel glared. He walked faster and hiked Dean's duffle high on his back, ignoring the man. Dean let out a whining groan, throwing his hands up before chasing after him.
"I realized that... if Jack told me what I wanted to tell my mom, I would give him the biggest hug I could and make sure he knew that everything was okay. That's when I knew I had to talk to her. Because I knew she'd want me to be happy. She'd want me to feel comfortable enough to be myself around her. And I wanted so badly to be myself around her. I'd been working up to it, actually. Telling mom." Dean started to laugh bitterly, "If you can believe it, I booked us lunch reservations. Once every two weeks, for almost a year. Kept losing my nerve. That's on me. I know she's not my dad, but they were both was raised in the 70's, so I knew that I wanted to tell her when she was sitting down -- in public and in broad daylight and definitely away from Sam. Just in case she made a scene like Dad would." Dean sighed, eyes heavy with weariness. "And now she's gone again. For good. It's like she was brought back to get to know her kids, but she left before I could tell her who I am."
Rowena grinned over at Sam as he packed away the books and ingredients back into their satchels, storing them by the door for quick escape. "Your boy is about to save us all."
Amara paused. She raised her nose for a moment, she sniffed the air for a familiar scent. "Is... is that brimstone? From the sixth ring?"
"No. It's not like I took a bar exam, but who ever said angels can't seek council? We both have enough experience fighting for our lives here. So, let's fight. Technically the Empty is on our side against Chuck. Maybe it'll listen if we want to have a chat."
"Right?" Sam jogged over to Jack, giving the kid a high five. The little bowling ball machine made a little clunking noise and Sam's ball came right back up beside the boy. Jack jumped. He pointed to Sam's ball and then pointed to where the pins were knocked down. But when he looked, ten pins were set right back up as if they'd never fallen.
Dean steered down the interstate with the windows down a bit. One hand was on the wheel, the other spread out on the seat of the bench beside him just in case an angel wanted to grab it. Castiel's eyes closed as he appreciated Plant's riffs, nodding gently beside his hunter. Dean looked back to the road contently. They had eight hours of driving left. He watched the lines go past, tapping his finger against the seat to the drums and breathing in the beat.
Castiel sat beside Meta who had barely been apprehended moments ago, tied up on a comfy pink statement couch. Meta had gotten much scrappier since the last time they'd seen each other. They had to be chased down twice, tied, and handcuffed. Meta scratched Dean on the cheek at some point with a razor sharp acrylic nail. Really hurt. Castiel let Dean get the door while he tapped the blade against Meta's shoulder. "Any chance you'll give up the location now?"
Dean licked his lower lip before biting it, picturing Castiel as a girl as best he could. In his mind, of course, he made a few embellishments -- most of them vaguely pornographic. "That's hot."
"Ughhhhhhh, of course you're being level headed and sexy right now." Dean rolled his eyes, and let out a long groan toward the door, "What, Sam! I'm in the middle of something here!"
Sam waved Castiel and Jack over to the couch with them, bringing everyone's focus to the angels in the room. Sam sat on the far edge of the long tanned leather couch with Dean, closest to the kitchen bar top. Amara sat on the other end of the couch by the window. Castiel sat in the center, tugging Jack down beside him by their joined hands. The second their asses hit the leather, Sam spoke up. "Billie. Amara. If I could... you and Dean just had a conversation about Cas and his relationship with the Empty. Would you like to tell him what you told us?"
Speaking to Dean when he's like this is much like being approached by a large bear or an unpredictable dinosaur. If Cas just stands still and gives him nothing, Dean will eventually stop teasing him.
Foreigner played through the speakers of the Impala. Dean was singing along loudly. Sam sang too. They were incredibly off key. Castiel sat in the backseat with Jack, watching the boy as he read through a spell book Rowena gave him last year.
Sam smiled knowingly over at his brother. "Dean scrapbooked all your old projects months ago. I'm sure he's got the original book still."
"No, you don't." Castiel said knowingly. He looked back, asking, "Have you thought of what you want to say to Jack yet?"
"Understood." Castiel nodded, closing his mouth with his lips turning up just a bit in the corners. Then he leaned in flirtatiously. "So, no there's more Team Free Will 2.0? We're a pack now?"
Castiel pushed Dean's shoulders as they kissed, switching spots with the man by shoving Dean back against the door. Castiel found he preferred this side -- being more in control. Kissing Dean the way he deserves to be kissed takes time, effort, and some goddamn elbow grease. Dean needs to be touched with hands strong enough to lift a soul from the pit. He needs to kiss lips so dextrous that they speak every language known to man. Dean moaned against the door, leaning back and getting absolutely ravished. Yeah. Screw those girls. He needs Castiel.
That got Castiel's attention. He raised his eyebrows, turning to Dean with interest. "Dean," Castiel warned.
Billie stated, "Turns out, you and Amara don't both have to exist to upkeep the universe. Just the sources of light and dark. So, we made Jack's body strong enough to store your light alongside his grace and he's doing quite well with it. So will the world."
The front door of the hotel room opened, footsteps tapping slowly down the hall. Everyone in the room's heart sank. They all knew who it was. Meta started to smile, "You're in big trouble now. My queen is back. I'd untie me if I were you."
"They had to tie you down before you agreed to help them save people?" Amara started to laugh, "Oh, Meta."
"Oh, no. No way. He's not gonna be done whining for a while." Amara shook her head vehemently, "Dean, I no longer feel anything for you, but..." she pointed between him and Castiel, "This is new. I can tell."
"Quit flirting with the weirdo doughnut guy. We just got a slumber party order from a sorority house."
He laughed loudly as the angel cleaned him up. Turns out Cas is quite meticulous with a handkerchief. Cas was leaning in with deep concentration on his face as he wiped away the tears. Dean slowed his laughter to explain to Jack on the phone, "Sorry, kid, it's just your dad. We needed to take a little drive, but don't worry, we'll be home before you know it. What were you sayin?"
He remembered feeling nervous when the bathroom door opened and Dean reacted to seeing the angel out of his suit. Dean beamed, "Whoa. Awesome." Then he stepped into Cas's space, touching his waist and taking another long look, whistling. The hunter patted Castiel's bicep. He bit his pretty pink lip for a moment, quiet as he gripped Cas's arm and adored his form in the tight outfit. Cas asked if anything was wrong. Dean rubbed his hand into the hard muscle under the cashmere and locked eyes with him as he confessed, "You look hot in that." Castiel's chin lifted up higher after that comment, confidence flowing through him. Usually, he's indifferent to statements like this but for the first time, Dean
Billie dragged her scythe over to a booth at the end of the bar. She raised her scythe and aimed high, swinging it down to crack a fissure in the wood on the back of the booth. A puff of red smoke poured out, creeping along her boots. She smirked, dropping a jade hex bag wrapped firmly with a leather cord into the fissure. The smoke misted up from the ground, crimson and curling. From the smoke came a bubbling sound. Black goo trailed up the booth, forming a glob of spinning goo. It morphed into a sphere. It turned and turned in a circle like a spinning top. A voice whispered eerily out of the ball of black goo, "Now?"
There weren't more than 500 people here. It was small, but the culture was strong. Native owned, Wamsutter (or previously Washakie) was home to the Shoshone and Ute tribes. The locals ran businesses by the road -- a few motels too. And the view was simple. Large plots of wide land, gently cared for and respected just miles from the mountains.
Meanwhile, Dean had been drinking Jim Beam, eating the extra bacon he made for himself from Jack's BLT, and watching a movie on his laptop. Dean looked up from where he had his feet kicked up on the bed, "Kid kept you busy the whole night, huh?"
Dean switched sides with the phone, listening to his son as he decided to place a grateful hand on Cas's knee. Castiel covered Dean's hand with his own. Dean looked up, suddenly. Their fingers slid together as they stared into each other's eyes. Gosh, that pull between them was almost magnetic. It felt so full and pure and real. He could feel the hunter's heartbeat through his palm. It was quick. Unsteady. Dean glanced down to Castiel's mouth, and that one look practically lit the angel on fire.
"Yeah. He is." Sam looked proudly over at Jack. The little nephil stood on his tip toes as he painted a sigil next in between Cas and Dean. "And we're all gonna help him."
Dean said easily. "One of these days you're gonna pull that wand out of your ass and be honest with yourself."
The angel opened the door and pushed his way out, wiping a bit of spit from his chin. Way at the end of the hall was an open door. A lady with a pair of blue yoga pants and designer shades stood adjusting a pile of shopping bags on a large silver cart beside an open hotel room door. Dean followed Cas out of the maintenance closet, closing the door behind himself with a chuckle. He patted Castiel on the back of his neck, rubbing his shoulder.
Amara took Jack's small face in her hands and admired the strong nephil, "You're going to be alright, little one. Just breathe, stay strong, follow after me. I will keep you safe."
Dean blushed and scratched behind his neck, nodding back wordlessly. Castiel smiled back, a soft warm thing. Dean stuffed the feather into his pocket.
Chuck couldn't contemplate that Jack's adopted parents could possibly love him enough to make a deal with The Empty to give him another chance at life. Little did he know, that second power up came with big strings attached. His tragically saddened father Castiel can never find happiness. And if Jack used his powers -- lived as his true self -- that suddenly meant losing himself. To be Jack in the face of a crisis means an outburst of power. Those outbursts helped save his family, but unfortunately, his good deeds took more and more from him as time went on. Soon, Michael had to be dealt with. And that. Took. Everything.
. That feeling hit him, bubbling deep and hot in his belly. He knew exactly what he wanted to do. No guesswork needed. Castiel pulled, the fabric of Dean's boxers peeling back and revealing his lover's body. Cas shuffled back, pulling them off of Dean's legs and pitching them at the window, racing back. He dove in quickly, licking Dean's cock into his mouth with no warning. Dean grabbed Cas by the hair, shaking out a surprised moan.
Dean nodded at him in understanding, a huge smile on his face as he watches Jack enjoy his food. His chest puffed with pride, "Yeah. I know. You're welcome."
Dean and Castiel leaned into each other, connecting like magnets. They held each other close, rocking gently and kissing on the carpet. They'll flee in a minute.
"Oh, okay... I'll just hop in the back." Sam chuckled and walked around the trunk. "So Cas can sit up front."
While on the phone with Jack, it had started to rain. A few drops weren't an issue, but it picked up. Strong winds and big, fast droplets fell hard, causing them to take immediate shelter in the car. Dean ran into the backseat, pulling the angel in with him with the wet phone to his ear. Laughing with Jack about their situation, the angel closed the door behind them. The car was dry and safe. Rain pattered loudly against the windows and roof. Dean crawled into the seat shivering, wet and a bit cold. Cas huddled in close to his human. Castiel promised to keep him warm so that they didn't have to start the car to put the heat on.
Castiel dried the plate. "He wanted to make scones to go with the ice cream in the freezer. That would be a nice date."
Cas's blue eyes flicked up. He looked right into Dean, eyes pleading and upset. Cas said nothing. Then he looked back to his plate. Dean heard him anyway.
His whole body was glowing. A bright blue ring of sparks crackled around Castiel's dark hair, floating above his head as he tried to comfort his son through the powerful act of replacing a diety. Jack looked up, glowing golden eyes full of tears. "... Dad?"
"I'm not. If you want to touch me, do it. Just be cool about it." Dean stated sharply. "But, if you tell
"Me and Cas? We go way back." The brunette cackled as the boys pulled their blades out of their jackets. She gave them a knowing glance, "Mmm. Boy, do we ever."
Shoot. Must have slipped out again. Dean cursed under his breath. He really needs to get a better hold on that. He pushed Sam's shoulder hard, "Brat! Shut up! You know what?" Dean called out to the ceiling, "Hello?? Demons?? Come get your boy! Return to sender!"
Jack looked over at Sam, head tilted like Castiel's was earlier today. He asked. "Is the floor magic?" Jack looked down at his bowling shoes, and tapped the floor with his toes. Then he gasped. "That's how it picked up the pins. Is that why we have to wear special shoes? So the magic stays in the floor and we don't walk the magic outside?"
Amara answered calmly, "Chuck could have given him a new soul after reversing the effects of the truth spell, and everything would have been fine. He tends to overreact whenever anything challenges his power. It's petulant, childish, masculine -- no offense."
"What about you? You're not his son. You don't need food, and it's not like he has to take care of you. Aren't you like a million years old or something?"
"Such a creep. Keep your eyes off my little fucking brother. Sit down!" Dean pushed Chuck hard by the shoulders. "Jack! Come on."
Rowena grabbed Sam's wrist in her small hands and started running for the doors. Sam followed Rowena, calling back loudly to his son, "We're going to be on the other side of the doors, Jack!"
"Why? You've been through six cars already and you've only been driving for a couple of years. Half of them, you just abandoned when the check engine light came on." Dean poked Cas challengingly in the chest. "You once called me, stranded on the side of the road and you were just out of gas." Dean shook his head, gesturing to the open hood. "Cas. You don't care about any of this."
These Eyes by The Guess Who continued to jam out a pleasant 60's baseline as Cas started move his shoulder awkwardly. Dean began to chuckle again, "Slowly, slowly. To the beat. Please."
"You're right, Sam. I am a dad." Dean said distractedly as he peered over at the signs above the freeway, "Hmm. Dang it. We're several miles from the next exit. It'll be a real pain to stop just to pop the trunk. But, man it would be worth it. Fuckin sick tunes back there, and we're missing out..." Dean glanced into the mirror at Cas. "What are you thinking, baby? I know you got a soft spot for the classics."
Sam nudged, "I know right. Should have seen them back in the day. I wasn't there when they worked their first case together, but by their second one I caught Dean calling him Huggy Bear over the phone. This shit will never end."
Then he looked up and saw his face. The teasing smile slipped from Dean's lips. "Oh..." Castiel's eyes were unashamed, clouded with lust and intrigue as he blinked back slowly. It was devastatingly handsome on him. With each bat of his eyelashes, Dean could feel himself getting more and more excited. Dean breathed, heart beating a racket in his chest, "Cas, you're sexier than you have any right to be. And unless you want to explain to Jack what his dads are doing back here, we've been in the kitchen too long."
Dean breathed out heavily, "Oh, thank fuck. I just had the craziest feeling. Like Jack was in danger. Like something was coming for us... like something's in the room."
A thunderclap smacked throughout the room as they all shared a round of martinis in Amara's living room. It was raining like a nor'easter in the flat plains of Nevada. Large raindrops smacked down by the trillions, drenching everything in it's path. The clouds were dark and full, patching out the sun. Every now and then there would be a flash of lightning hit, brighter than an atomic bomb. The crack of thunder followed. Then more rain, cascading from the sky in an endless sheet.
Meta was at the bar top table, eating one of Dean's omelettes in a navy Chanel jumpsuit. Their hair sat piled on their head in a severe top knot, diamonds dangling from their ears. "Dean, this omelette is exquisite. You made these on your own?"
The Winchester family stood together as Cas approached Dean's side. Cas rested his hand on Dean's lower back, tilting his forehead in to tap against his shoulder. He kissed the rough space underneath Dean's jaw. The four breathed together as a family unit. No more endless monsters, no more apocalypses, no more losing the ones they love in quick succession. No more needless pain.
Dean took Cas by the lapel and pulled him into the hallway, "To see the stars. Is your prayer box full? Come on."
"Yes, I do. All final decisions go through me. I fired my editor. You know what. Speaking of spineless bibliophiles..." Chuck turned to Dean, eyes probing, "Why are you going to Nevada?"
Cas let out a rare smile, lips raising just a bit at the corner, "Again. So, it's this easy. Talking. Just saying it."
Dean said, "He told us not to come here. Probably knew he couldn't follow. Might not have wanted us running into you either."
The record played on in the background as Dean stared into his angel's eyes. They stood in each other's arms, looking only at each other. Dean knocked back his glass of whiskey. He set Cas's on the bedside table and turned back to the angel, grabbing him by his elbow. Dean tugged Cas in. He wrapped his arms around his shoulders, fingers playing in Cas's dark curls as the angel took his waist. Dean said softly, "May I have this dance?"
The room was silent. Only lit by the TV screen still showing Jack's face with a big red X over it. All they could hear was their family's shallow breathing in the room. They all looked around at each other. Everyone was safe. Everyone was okay. Jack saved them.
"You were fine. Relax. That was the goal. Sure, you had to get your hands a little messy, but it gave you a lazer focus on Heaven. Exactly what I needed." Chuck waved his hands around, "The final piece was Gadreel. I placed him in the Bunker. Right inside your best friend Sammy. Then, to keep you on the street and out of Dean Winchester's bed, I made Gadreel
"Good. Real good. I like to hear that." The human grabbed him back enthusiastically, pressing up against him. They moved together against the sound of the rain. Dean scratched at Cas's back as the angel got a bit rougher at the human's request. What he really wanted to do was bite where he was kissing, grip where he was caressing, thrust where he was brushing. But he remembered what Dean said about foreplay. His mind has to be into it. His body has to be ready for it.
There was a lemon cake, two mixed berry pies, and a day old batch of chocolate chip cookies sitting on the counter as Jack scrubbed the dishes.
Trees shook in their wake, wind blowing through the rip in time and space. They could smell the pine of the hellbark mixing with the discount Fabuloso that keeps the Bunker's floor from getting sticky from post-hunt boot prints. The two rushed as Dean's phone buzzed out the final sixty seconds in his pocket. They were getting closer.
Chuck shook his head, "Oh, can it, Winchester. I don't care about homosexuality. I know you've been using The Book."
"Oh?" Castiel said as the human stretched again, his body pressed against every inch of him. Dean yawned, the seat of his boxers rubbing against the front of Cas's sweatpants. He felt very different without jeans on. Much softer, warmer. Cas could feel the plush give of Dean's perky ass through his pants. The angel pulled Dean in closer, shifting his hands against his chest as they tried to get comfortable in bed together. Castiel's breath was quickening as they touched. Dean's hand reached back and he tangled his fingers in Cas's hair.
Dean knew he was right. It was getting colder by the second, wind howling against the dirty headstones and ashen grass. Lord knows what's on the horizon.
Sam gave his son a fond look, "That's right. But, speaking of winning... since I'm getting some new information here, I'm bumping up our bet."
Sam stood up, raising his eyebrows as he patted his brother on the shoulder hard, "Yeah, you're not as quiet as you think you are. Let's just be glad PAC man came with surround sound. Jack's zeroed in."
"Hey, Cas, did you hear me--" Dean turned his head from under the hood and glared at Castiel. "Um, hello?"
The heat of it all over took him. Castiel grabbed at Dean's ass, pulling him up and slapping him on the ass like the Pizza Man did to the Babysitter.
Death stood quietly by the glass table in leather pants, steel boots, and a long black cloak. The cloak was mammoth and obsidian, trailing behind her feet, black enough to eclipse the sun. No one in this world could pull off a cloak like that, but she did. Her hood up and obstructing her face and curls as she said calmly. "Sup."
Jack jogged into the kitchen, giving Cas a hug. "We played bowling and Sam taught me how to make a strike!"
Sam looked as if he felt uncomfortable, shifting his feet and looking away. Dean pointed to Chuck, "You can go to Hell."
Amara smiled at Dean and Cas. Then shrugged, sighing out as she confessed. "Your way is better. So, I prefer to make friends instead of chaos. Connection instead of destruction. You helped me once, Rowena, even though you were terrified of me. You reached out and healed my wounds with tenderness and care and bravery. No one had ever helped like that before I met you. And that memory with you will always fill me with more joy than destroying any of Chuck's old creations ever did. I will return the favor, because kindness is cyclical."
Dean shrugged, "You're doing an awful lot of spell casting lately. And now we find out you've been using the Book behind our backs? For years? I'm just saying. Hogwarts is calling. You gonna answer?"
"We're all getting matching Hawaiian shirts, that's non-negotiable." Dean said, energy bright and bubbly as as continued to plan their trip out loud. "Then, we'll get some cervezas, some lawn chairs, and we'll take over the beach. I bet Jack will love running around out there. Oh, man. It'll be a blast. We'll rent a house on the water so we can stretch out. Maybe bring a few fishing rods over. I can teach you a thing or two about that. If you pay attention this time, we might even be able to catch dinner."
"Baby, our son was taken from us... and I lost my mom... it felt like everything in my path was designed to make me feel like dirt. And I  did something I'm ashamed of. I pushed you away and I didn't make a move to hold you when you told me how much pain you were in. How could you when it was pain I caused? That's not who I want to be. I wanna be better, Cas. And I will. I promise you. I will be good to you every single day of my life."
As the angel reached for the sack of flour with powdery, sticky hands, Dean added sharply, "When I said 'throw', I meant pour it into the bowl gently with a little measuring cup! We've established that you can't eyeball it. And for the love of all that's holy, please wash your hands again. You're making a mess all over the counter."
Castiel knows Dean can be a bit touchy and their communication is shoddy at best. There was just so much Dean couldn't tell him. Sometimes he thought the angel could feel him holding back. Stern and stoic as he may be, he brought this raw energy out of Dean. Those powerful urges that Dean forced himself to ignore came rushing back up when he undressed the poor angel. Rarely does Dean have the opportunity to see Cas out of that bulky coat. And as soon as Dean got his hands on him, his brother walked in on them and his walls slammed back up. He pushed Cas. Twice.
Castiel reached into the car, pulling the hunter's duffle out of the trunk and tossing it weightlessly over his shoulder. The bag landed heavy, a direct hit on his back and he took it like a fucking G. Dean took big steps toward his family, trying to grab a bag to give Cas instead of his before the trunk closed. He was too late. Baby's trunk door slammed under Sam's hand as the rest of them turned to face Dean.
Dean grumbled quietly into the fabric of Cas's coat. "Well, it was a chick flick moment. And I don't do those, my love."
Dean winced, "We don't need the details, just tell us where the room is and we'll be outta your hair."
Hand in his hair and eyes shifting back to the stars above, Dean breathed out hard, eyes wet, "That I'm sorry. I'm sorry we brought him back with that Rent-A-Seraph shit spell that burned him out. I'm sorry I dragged him along with us on cases. He was way too young to have that much pressure on him. I'm sorry I let him sacrifice himself to save us. I'm sorry I fucked him over, and put him in impossible situations, a-and then rejected him while he burned away because I was too self-absorbed to see it happening. I... I tricked him, I lied, I tried to kill him." Dean muttered out, "I'm sorry he needs me."
-- a Leviathan lurched into the way, snarling and snapping with it's gross face full of shark teeth. It hurtled right toward Cas, who grunted out an apology before tossing Dean off of him. Cas grabbed Dean's gun as he dropped him, and held it swiftly to the Leviathan's heart, popping off a shot of Borax into his center.
Castiel kept grating the potatoes refusing to look up from them, "You should focus on your pancakes. I'll let you know when I'm done. Wouldn't want any drool in the hash browns."
He took her father. He ruined her life. All this happiness he's feeling exists because he stole from an innocent girl. Castiel closed his eyes, taking that emotion and self-loathing and holding on to it just as tightly as he held onto Dean Winchester's vulnerable sleeping body. He needs to remember Claire's pain. She didn't deserve to hurt or grieve or cry. But Castiel did. Every night. Because of what he did to her.
"No, you didn't." Cas promised, "I'm okay with the other two. But, I'm too strong to be playing with your neck like that. I don't want to accidentally kill you."
Turns out it took all of five minutes to close the seemingly irreparable rift between Dean and his son. Jack promised his fidelity to his family, apologizing sincerely for his wrongdoing, and swearing to stay close and honest. The boy truly missed his grandmother. That's all that Dean really wanted to hear.
Dean held onto that plan as he walked out of the office with two room keys. He's rooming with Sam. He's rooming with Sam. He's rooming with Sam and that's final.
Castiel wiped the crumb off of Jack with his thumb, "Yes. In every meal. I don't need to eat. I can't taste anything. Food is expensive, it takes time and care to create. But every time Dean cooks, he makes something for all of us. Me included. And when he prepares four plates, instead of one or two, that's his way of caring for us. Telling us we are welcome in his home -- welcome to sit and break bread beside him and his brother. Not as guests, but as family. You're his son, Jack. Nothing has changed that."
Sam folded his arms. "Dean. Let's be realistic here. I'm volunteering to take the kid out of the hotel for a little bit. I don't mind, you know that."
Sam and Jack stood. Castiel took Jack's hand for a moment and patted his hand, "That wasn't easy for you, son. You handled him with confidence. I'm proud."
Dean grumbled with relief as his son jogged over to him and Sam. Jack pushed himself in between the two brothers. Sam and Dean covered him with their big arms, holding him close for a moment. Sam patted his son's shoulder. "It's over, Jack. It's finally over. We're so proud of you."
Now, armed with the location of Chuck's secret room and Jack's powerful feather, Billie plans to alter and enhance the magic inside so that Amara can enter freely, but Chuck won't have it as easy. They'll bait Chuck into reaching out, and when he does, they'll weaken him. While that's happening, they'll hopefully seal him inside and transport him to a place where he can't hurt anyone again. The Empty itself will be put back to sleep just as it wishes. Chuck will be left trapped, weakened, locked inside of the room. Then, the room will be dropped into a dark, desolate world where no creature is awake to help him. Then. At last. Freedom.
Castiel said sternly. "We are meeting with two primordial beings that are sticking their necks out to help us win a war. You will arrive as a nephil, not a dinosaur."
Castiel shook his head, inviting the younger Winchester into the room. Sam walked in quietly, dropping off the sandwiches and hot drink on the bedside table. Jack didn't make a sound. Castiel respected his wishes and let Sam place the food down without a fuss.
The Winchesters circled around the box. Jack floated over, standing at Castiel's shoulder as they stared down at it. It was the size of a shoebox. And it might just save the entire world. Dean looked up at Sam, "You sure?"
Cas reached out a hand to stop them from hitting the wall. He ended up on top of Dean, the Leviathan blossom lay squished between them as he kissed him back. There was this overwhelming feeling of
Dean looked up at Sam. Metatron was alive. His brother kept his eyes to the sky, still chanting, still commanding the moon for a location.
The stars stretched out, glistening and bright. Castiel showed Dean how the universe cast itself across his skin. Dean listened, wide eyes. He watched as Castiel's finger traveled up and around his arm. The stars twinkled and shone in the distance as the quiet of the night wrapped them up like a blanket.
"Yes." Jack said boldly, holding his own nephil feather out towards the doors with determination. "I do."
"And you're a dumbass." Chuck accused, pointing a finger. "Everyone here except for that baby abomination has backstabbed you six ways from Sunday. And Lucifer is Jack's father, so his betrayal is right around the corner. "
"No." Dean pushed a half dressed Castiel away from him, the stone still angel barely moving an inch for his efforts. Due to that, Dean basically pushed himself off of the angel towards the floor. Before he could even begin to fall, Castiel grabbed him around the waist to keep the flustered human upright and safe against his body. Dean's hands flew to Cas's chest to stabilize himself. Whoa, those are pecs under that shirt. Thick, sturdy, hot. Now, they we're holding each other -- the best thing at the worst time. Dean blushed harder, slapping Cas's hands away from his hips. He launched himself a few large steps back, "Nothing. W-we're cooking."
Dean blushed. He brought their linked hands up to his chin and brushed his lips against Castiel's knuckle. Then he looked up, worried about what he would see in those blue eyes. The angel stared deeply at him. Dean found himself speechless as Cas untangled their fingers and cupped his hand against Dean's rough jaw.
Castiel answered slowly, "...I don't mind helping you with the bowling lesson. I don't know as much about it as you, but even if I'm just watching or supporting, I can still be involved."
His heart pounded in his chest, palms growing sweaty as he swallowed around the lump in his throat. Dean looked at Cas again, desperately. The angel was still staring out of the window, cool, calm, collected. The sun continued to rise, lighting up Castiel's strongly angled profile. The sun always sits so nice on him, skin glowing with a warm healthy tan. Sun beams seemed to fit around his dark curls like a little halo. He's a Heavenly warrior. Jimmy Page yelled and rocked out...
Castiel admired the human, bent over the hood of the Impala in his washer worm Levi's. His butt looked rather cute in those jeans. Firm and round, toned but still soft to the touch. As long as Dean was standing like that, Castiel would never willfully leave this garage again. "Of course."
Sam rolled his eyes, turning to carry his bags toward the motel rooms. "Let's move. Which rooms are ours?"
Now, with the Empty hanging over his shoulder like a grim cloud, Castiel almost fears the possibility of Dean in his life. He'd been fighting for the concept of love, families, and free will for so long. Everything is personal now. Castiel found a family where he is loved and truly belongs. He is currently fighting the most extreme case for free will in existence. But what of love?
Dean started to laugh. He couldn't help it. It bubbled up from his chest and spilled out as he watched the angel do a tentative dance move. His arms flapped out for a second and he did a snake like wiggle with his shoulders. Dean was about to cry. His hand was pressed firmly against his mouth as he tried to keep the laughter in.
"Billie! That wasn't an offering! We were gonna eat that! Come back here!" Dean yelled at the empty kitchen door, "Theif!"
against ten years of promises of their eternal partnership -- to hide with his baby. Then, actual Chuck himself personally escorted Jack back to the Empty where he wanted him.
Cas continued. "But, some things we must do because society demands it. I'm an angel, but to the outside world, I walk the Earth as a man. Sam and Dean hunt, but they portray themselves a certain way to keep peace and community. You will always be our little boy, you know that. And we don't expect you to be a different person. But we do need you to wear grown up clothes around others because your duality may confuse them."
Amara followed, pink tulle dress dancing around her feet as she held her arms out with a proud smile. She took in her new world with poise. Amara said simply. "This hostile takeover is complete. Chuck is never coming back. Ever."
"Whoa, you think he might shit it out?" Dean chuckled, taking a sip and setting down his tumbler on the bedside table, "That would suck."
Castiel glanced away from the wall to keep an eye on his son as the boy made the biggest decision in his life. He felt Dean's hand on his, pulling the angel closer to him. Cas knew Dean was watching him by too.
Castiel remarked haughtily, lifting his chin, "I was under a lot of pressure at the time. As I recall, there was quite a bit of backseat driving."
The angel scoffed at that thought, almost wanting to spit it out. For years, he's loved that human more than the grace in his vessel's veins. Now that they finally have a domestic partnership and are raising a child together -- now that Castiel is within grasp of getting everything he ever wanted -- he's stuck with a primordial NDA. He just wants one day where things might not crash down around him. One day to be happy. He knew exactly where he would go, what he would do, who he would kiss, and how he'd love him.
The diety tugged Jack over to the double doors at the front of the bar. Amara placed her hand against the wooden doors and her black smoke poured out into the wood, "Place the key into the lock, Jack. Unlock these doors. That will untether this room from the universe, making this whole place capable of interdimensional travel. Doing that means The Empty can take it in its entirety. In return, it will also unlock a space inside of you to house great power. Do you accept that responsibility?"
"Cas..." Dean shrugged, "Sometimes when you really like someone and you're comfortable around him, maybe known him for a little while, you want to call him something different. 'Buddy' and 'pal' is nice and all, but it just doesn't feel right. It feels like lying. Even though it's the truth. Does that make sense?"
Dean felt his eyes wandering over to Cas sitting alive and breathing in front of him for a moment before looking away sharply, "Alright, alright! Jesus, Sam."
"I will be a goddess of mercy, love, justice, free will... among other things." Amara turned for a moment and looked back at the Winchesters. "And, if you could... try not to collect those four souls. I might need them for something. After all, they're the reason I took power."
Castiel replied simply, "I can steal it for you if you like. We don't have a credit card at the desk."
Dean let out one of those moans Sam warned him about, body going tight under Cas's hands and then immediately relaxing. Dean gasped, "Holy shit, Cas, you spanked me!"
They stepped away from the rainy window. Jack raced over to the stairs as Dean waved his brother and his angel along. They followed the boy up the strong dark steps, winding up into the second floor in the ceiling. Their boots tapped against the metal as they ascended one after the other.
Kissing Dean and losing him would break Cas's heart. But, if Dean truly loves him, that could break him too. Quite literally.
"You think?" Dean said gruffly from the corner of the room. The blast knocked Dean off of his feet. He had fallen back, tugging the angel down with him by their joined hands. Cas bumped into him when the ground moved, reaching out to catch him as they both fell and the older Winchester wound up on top of him. They lay tangled together on the floor, half leaning against the wall they'd been painting.
Dean's watch beeped. He has five minutes to clock in. He raised his watch to his face, turning the alarm off. That moment of focus switching pushed Dean back into the present. He explained simply, "My little brother is going to school a couple miles out, so we got ourselves a place nearby for a bit 'till he graduates. Guess I'm gonna see what California has to offer."
Castiel reached over to brush his fingers across Dean's hand. Dean's cheek began to glow, the wound healing. Castiel took his hand for that moment, letting it go when Amara rounded the corner.
"I should be asking you that question." Metatron bent over behind it and opened a fridge, "But here I was being cordial. Nevermind that, I guess. Tell me, boys, why were you at our door in costume? Did Chuck send us a strip-o-gram?"
"Yes." Castiel kissed him again, knowing Dean likes it rougher, he grabbed him harder. "You're in big trouble. Come here."
Castiel told the boy, "Yes. But everything is okay. He's resting now. We had a bit of whiskey before he fell asleep, so he'll need this water in the morning. Why don't you go on up to bed, son? It's getting late."
Breakfast this morning told Jack what that had happened while he was detached from them. Dean and Cas were closer now, stealing their time alone just as they did when Jack was an infant. Sam was supportive and loving as always, a strong man who guides his family with compassion and a little magic. Things were healing.
Finally the north and south poles were ripped apart. The only map left was of North America. Then, the red stone finally fell. It landed hard on the edge of the page. The stone rolled into the corner and curled up, dragging the map across the gravel and into their circle with the ripped pages. Sam kept chanting and the stone dragged the map to their feet. The stone released the map, jumping five feet into the air before landing hard on Nevada.
Castiel brushed his thumb under Dean's eye and leaned in to kiss his hunter's nervous plush lips for the first time without warning or fanfare. Dean's heart soared in his chest at the touch. His hands flew up and Dean grabbed Cas by the face and kissed him back enthusiastically. The angel held his human tightly. They rocked in each other's arms and kissed warmly with unhurried, gentle presses. Breaths held. Hearts pounding. Years of longing crashed, tension snapping like a twig between them. They'd been dreaming about this. Praying they wouldn't drive the other off as they melted together; an angel and a hunter kissing like teenagers on the floor of a motel room in Wyoming. Dean couldn't breathe and he didn't want to. He couldn't stand the thought of letting this moment go. He kissed his angel softly, fingers in those soft curls.
The girls pushed at Dean, giggling about how cute he was. At least twenty years their senior, Dean ate their attention up like Thanksgiving dinner. The girls gathered around him with flirtatious eyes, long lashes and fresh faced skin glowing. Meanwhile, 6843-year-old Castiel stood in the corner of the elevator with his arms folded, grace boiling under his skin. One of them put a hand on Dean's chest as she introduced him to her friend, a trust fund blonde in a pink skirt. As their hands touched him, Castiel felt that ripping feeling he's felt inside ever since... gosh, ever since
Cas snorted as he took a sip of coffee, holding a rabid Dean Winchester back from charging at his brother. He kept Dean stationary with a strong angelic arm across his chest as the human hissed angrily.
Dean's fingers closed around the phone, Castiel's hand under his, gripping for support. The hunter stared back into the angel. They did this for a long moment. Soaking in each other in the moonlight. Dean set the phone down and tugged Castiel in by his wrist. The angel followed.
"Yes, they're almost done setting up their spell about a mile up the road. I double checked their room's warding too. It's secure."
Sam stepped over the pile in his boots and kept moving forward. All wrapped in flannel and denim, Sam clapped his hands and sat down first. The chair groaned and squeaked in complaint of the compact weight of a man nearing 6'5'', as Sam exclaimed, "I'm so hungry!"
"Yeah, okay. Don't hex me." Dean poked him one more time, turning back to his food and taking a hefty bite. He chewed, enjoying it for a moment before going in for another. He's glad he made this breakfast today. Nothing goes better with harrowing news than a nice hearty buttery greasy American meal. He took a bite of some eggs too. Hot damn. They were delicious. Light axle grease, some almond milk, cilantro, salt, fresh ground pepper, a dash of cheddar cheese. He really wishes Billie didn't snag those extra pancakes. Those were a true masterpiece -- the perfect sugary companion to the other savory dishes.
The moment Castiel made the decision to tell Dean everything, Chuck arrived. He saw. He disapproved. He lectured. He punished. Jack defended them all. A primordial battle broke out in their motel room. It was short but effective, and he vanished.
"Thank goodness." Sam said, standing once more to, "I'll let him rest. Want me to take the tea back to the kitchen?"
She looked over at Jack, "Speaking of. Jack. Honey. I'm so sorry he killed you. Nephil or not it's cruel to harm a child. It took time for me to learn that lesson, but once I did it stuck. Unlike Chuck, I was a child once too."
"Baby, I love this side of you." Dean pushed himself away from Castiel, a bright blush coloring his neck and ears. He put the ice cream away. Shutting the freezer, he reached out a hand to his angel. "Let's check on our boys."
Sam pushed his hand behind his ear. "Nice to meet you, Hattie. James." He walked around her desk and gave that cardigan one last look. He needs to text Eileen. He really misses her. That long hair, those pretty eyes, those warrior hands, and loving spirit. She's everything Sam adores. The moment it's safe, he will go to her.
Jack asked, a large crumb on his nose, "He cooks for you and me all the time. There's love in the food?"
Billie lifted her scythe once more, banging it into the wall. "Eat gravedust, you metaphysical monster! Empty, now!"
Dean finally closed his mouth, but his eyes were ripping him apart. "Depends on what your focusing on."
"Well, before we part ways, I just wanted to tell you something, Sam." Castiel said softly, holding the glass of water in the kitchen. "I love your brother. More than anything. Thank you. For giving us your blessing. I'll do right by him and our family, Sam. I promise you."
Sam pitched in and the brothers sang out, as Dean reached into the backseat and pumped his fist in the air to the beat. "
Dean shook his head. "No, don't thank me, Cas. I did it for us. For our family. You were right that night on the hood of the car. I am the head of the household. Y'all look to me. If I can take the lead and protect my pack, I will do it the first chance I get. End of story."
After a tumultuous dream filled with fire and screams, Dean felt a yanking at his shoulder, pulling him out. "Dean! Dean, you were having a nightmare."
Dean pulled out a small tub of dairy. He turned to Castiel and held it up to his face, gesturing, "Salted. Caramel. Ice cream."
"Look, I don't think we even have to go out into the rain to get our bags from the car." Dean walked over to the open bathroom in the corner of the room by the bed. The light turned on as he walked in. Clean blue tile, toothbrushes, paste, soap, towels, cloths. Everything. Dean ducked out. "Man, this is awesome. I wanna see what I ended up with."
"Stop reading her, Bianca Del Rio. I'm not gonna fall in love with her if that's what you're worried about."
Dean was lighting the angel up inside, soul sparking alongside his grace like an electric current. Castiel grabbed Dean up hard, fingers digging into his hips. Dean's nails scraped along the back of his neck. They panted against each other, melting together in the midst of their passion.
Dean started to grimace, growling harshly into the wheel, "I. Am. An. Incredible. Driver. I taught ALL OF YOU how to drive. I had a wheel in my hand before I knew a single solitary one of ya! Sam included! When I say, I don't want to hear any fuss about the way I handle my Baby, I mean it. So, help me I will turn this car around."
Castiel, on the other hand, was hoping Dean wouldn't force him to choose the perfect donut for a beautiful stranger he's hopelessly attracted to. Now he's feeling a little overwhelmed.
They looked at each other for another long moment, easy smiles floating along their lips as their eyes danced with surprise at what they'd done. Dean took Cas by the back of the head, lacing his fingers into his dark hair, "Cas, when I said I had something to say back there--"
Dean jumped in. He stood bravely, shoulders square and certain. "Yeah, you heard him right. Getting our son back may have been 'too complicated even for you', but Billie made it work just fine."
"A reputable source told us that Chuck once took you to a hidden place -- a room -- that he created just for the two of you. Is that correct?" Castiel pressed, blade still drawn.
Billie shrugged, "Not exactly, but sure. If that makes it easier for you to see it that way. More is underway."
Dean didn't hold back with breakfast this morning, and Cas actually ended up being an incredible chopper and stirrer. Plus, Dean didn't need to use his phone timer with an angel around. Dean had told Cas to take things out or add things in. Five minutes, ten minutes, fifteen minutes more. Castiel was always right on schedule. They'd whipped together scrambled eggs, hash browns, grilled sausages, blueberry yogurt with granola, and mounds of fluffy pancakes piled high with powdered sugar and strawberries.
"See? This is what I'm talking about." Chuck pointed at the angel. "Jeez, Cas what happened to you? You used to command armies. Now you play groupie to the Righteous Man like it's still your job. Stupid angel. He'll never love you. He
The nephil reminded his father flatly, "Dad, you said if they got together before I turned five, you'd buy me a PlayStation."
He looked at his hand. Castiel's pinky brushed against his, attempting to squeeze underneath the human's fingers. The angel was still looking out of the window, stone faced and unflappable as always. Yet, here he is trying to hold his human's hand. Dean looked back to the road with a smile on his face. Yeah. For sure. He's glad Cas wanted to play this game.
"I felt a little tickle. Thought I'd come check on my book. Do a little copy and line editing. After all, it's a work in progress." Chuck sighed wistfully, "It's a good thing I stopped by when I did. I mean, I simply planned to spy for a bit, but what I just walked in on... I
The blood red stone jumped up and down, tapping on the same point on the map. Nevada. Nevada. Nevada.
Chuck started to cough. He bent over and hacked out painful gasps, growling out in agony as Dean tightened his grip on his handcuffs. He glared up at the Queen of Hell, smiling with bloody teeth as he laughed. "Ahh, Rowena, yeah. That's my naughty girl."
