“I think my friend broke his arm. We were riding dirt bikes and he tried to land the impossible and his bike flew out and under him.” The nurse hands the distraught man a clipboard and tells him to fill out the forms. The nurse looks back over to Castiel. “Are you busy right now? All of the other doctors are on the floor with patients.”
Crowley smiled before taking the paper. He quickly put it in his pocket and then started walking toward the door.
Rowena walks out of the kitchen carrying an old silver tea tray filled with teeny cups. She sets it down on a small wooden table before serving a cup to Dean and Missouri. “What can we do for you deary? You do know magic comes at a price and your family has not paid off their debt in its entirety.”
play something a little funkier but still rock sounding. Castiel is internally screwed. Spending a whole day with Dean Smith is going to be tough. He can’t touch him, look at him, or do anything he remotely wants to do to him. By the time Castiel focuses back on the music the cd starts replaying itself. Castiel looks at the wooden clock on his living room wall and realizes it’s almost 11:30. Castiel shuts the stereo off and heads to bed, wondering what day tomorrow will hold.
“Yes, it’s rather nice.” Castiel whispers to himself as he stares at the painting of Saints before easing down onto one of the benches. Cassie sits across from him. “I think that Garth likes you. Let’s face facts though, he likes everyone. I think I like you too, Castiel.”
I apologize for leaving this fic hanging in the wind. I'm working on two Big Bangs at the moment so my hands are overflowing. Be on the lookout for when I post my DCJBB and my Dystopia BB. Once I'm done writing them I will pick this one back up and update weekly. I promise  I will not quit on this story it will not get abandoned. Please be patient with me. As always a little disclaimer I do not have a beta so all mistakes are of my own doing. I'm still looking for one though if anyone is interested. Email is in my bio. Visit me on Tumblr if you'd like i'm always on there and i'd love your company. http://ajacentlee.tumblr.com/
Castiel takes Chuck’s hand and shakes it gingerly. He’s heard of Shurley before, maybe in a movie or something. He’s not really up to date in pop culture so it comes and goes. “Yeah, Castiel Novak. You can call me Cas for short. Nice to meet you.”
“I just wanted to see how you're doing?” Castiel is standing in the doorway with his arms around himself. It makes Dean angry to see him like this. He tries to double back on the feelings that he4 has, so he doesn’t make Castiel worry more.
“You slipped between the cracks. Did your parents have a home birth or a birth that wasn’t in a hospital?”
Castiel holds the guitar lightly, watching out for the strings. “What? If this means you’re quitting your career, then i’m not taking this.”
Castiel picks up the urn and begins to walk out the store. Bobby just grins as he puts the money in the register. “Come back and see me anytime.”
Dean takes the papers from Gordon’s hands and looks at them intently. “This is just a bunch of letters and numbers. Genomes, gametes, heterosexual, bisexual, what are you trying to get at?”
Crowley extended his arm out toward the busy street. Dean moved slowly out to the street waiting for Crowley to guide him. Crowley walked beside Dean and then stopped at the sidewalk. Dean looked in both directions waiting for something to happen.
Castiel’s mother shakes her head. “Castiel we’ve lived at the same place forever. Matter of fact you came up here last Christmas. Are you feeling alright honey?”
“What's your story? Half of the alphas here are contract alphas and don't leave this house until they're on assignment, they die, or they leave to go home. Why are they giving you an out?”
Castiel scrunches his eyebrows together and glances into Dean’s green eyes. He notices now how beautiful Dean is…for a genie. He has dirty blonde hair that’s to the middle of his back that’s in a bun on the top of his head. His face is blemish free except for a small unique pattern of freckles that brush across his nose. His lips are curved at the top creating a perfect bow in the middle and their plush with a swipe of spit from Dean recently licking them. He has broad shoulders that frame his body perfectly. He’s very symmetrically proportionate. It must be the genie genes. “That must suck. How long have you done this…granting wishes thing?”
“Someone’s doing recon on you. There’s a paper trail on you, but not a long one. Someone’s dug into it. When I tried to dig it up half of the information was missing. There are archives, indexes, certificates, but most of them were gone by the time I got there. Someone is watching you, other than me, other than Carver, other than Crowley. I would cross all my T’s and dot all my I’s. You might want to start researching Alpha Red, and digging up some of your history if you want to stay ahead of this person. I can help you out but my help only goes so far. The Treehouse is very constricting. As far as this concert, I wouldn’t worry about it too much. I can handle pretty much anything, and if I’m right about you, so can you. I’ve been doing other research on the side though. Here.” Gordon tosses another set of papers onto the coffee table. “This is on Omega Gold. If you want to protect Castiel then read it. The next time I see you, will be when we ship out. Please, do the homework.”
Castiel gets into bed. “I didn’t know I was a distraction. Thank you for boosting my ego a little bit.” Castiel gestures for Meg to climb into bed with him. Meg turns off the light and climbs into her side of the bed. Castiel moves to adjust the covers over them both. He scoots closer to her, spooning her up against his chest. He breathes in her scent and nibbles along her neck. “You smell good.”
Castiel follows Naomi into the house and it’s even more impressive on the outside. He takes his shoes off in the foyer even though it’s mostly tile throughout. As soon as he shut the door his body collided with something. He looked down to realize two children were clinging off of him like a jungle gym. They peered up at him and they looked so much like Hannah. Castiel wanted to cry, he was officially an uncle. The girl looked about seven and the boy looked about four. The girl backed away slowly. “Uncle Cas, you said next time you saw me I could have a dollar. You promised!”
“You do realize, you don’t have to close your eyes every time you make a wish. That’s just on the movies. I think I can put your words into a wish though. I’ll need a week’s rest after. So, I’ll miss the Thanksgiving festivities.”
Dean nods again looking around at the other men. He feels he should keep to himself here. That's the best way not to get himself killed.
Meg brushes past him and opens the front door to greet the movers. She talks to them briefly as he looks on, doing his best not to intervene in the conversation. He sits on the bottom of the staircase watching Meg and the movers work their way through the house. They start downstairs quickly assembling the living room. Meg directs them where to put each item and the movers grunt in fatigue as they obey. Meg has always been stern with her thoughts, so he feels the movers’ pain.
Dean strolls back into the living room dressed and ready for whatever may come. He sits down on the sofa as Castiel arranges some papers on his coffee table. Castiel clears his throat and reaches out for Dean’s shoulder.
Castiel walks to the kitchen as he talks with his back turned to Dean. “Technically Crowley has already done his job. He only gets involved if need be, such as if you’re screwing up royally. My father doesn’t give you commands at all. He gives Crowley commands. Face it Dean, you are now under the control of an omega. I hope that little tidbit doesn’t change our working relationship.”
Dean and Sam stayed in the shooting range for the majority of the day. They only stopped because Dean felt like his ears were going to fall off from the ringing that was becoming increasingly annoying. They walked out of the training facility and into the kitchen. There was a big pot of chicken and dumplings being served. Dean and Sam ate at the island in silence. They were the last one's to eat and everyone else had already adjourned to the living area for the nightly movie. Once they were both done eating they walked back up the staircase to Dean's room.
“You’re peculiar, Dean Winchester. Alright, take a break. We’ll rendezvous shortly.” Charlie Bradbury orders as she begins to cover up the paints with makeshift lids. “Do not get your outfit dirty. I know how you men can be with that sort of thing. You're all filthy, and I mean that in the kindest way I can possibly say it.”
“Whatever I say?” The darkness sweeps towards Dean, circling him like prey. Rowena has substituted standing for sitting as she lazes in one of the chairs like a throne. The darkness passes her up as if she's not even there. Dean swallows before nodding. “Anything you say!”
“Alright Winchester. I accept your payment, but next time I want something grand.” Rowena bats her eyelashes at Dean, making Dean grimace under the flirtatious glance. Rowena was a pretty woman, but she was definitely not to Dean’s taste.
Castiel gives up, placing the guitar beside the bed. “Spend the day with me. I can show you why you shouldn’t quit”
Naomi stops her hovering and turns around in her seat. The rest of the drive to his parents’ home is uneventful. They finally pull up to the house and Castiel has to double gasp. “Wow, it’s big.”
Dean turns his back to Castiel and looks out the window again. Dean doesn’t say anything for an unnaturally long amount of time. It’s kind of unsettling. “No, not space stuff. I’m talking about life. Do you think that there’s more to life than just working day in and day out, getting nothing back? I perform, I write lyrics, I make hit after hit, and what do I get for it? What do I have to show for it, money, awards, fans, groupies, adoration, who cares about that stuff? After a while it gets repetitive anyway. It’s the same old stuff, the same old luxuries, the same old sex, the same old stalkers. It gets…lonely.”
Dean looks back up not moving a muscle. Castiel chews his bottom lip gently. “I want to wish for their freedom. Whatever happens after that I’ll accept, but I’m selfishly wishing for my chance at happiness. Dean…?”
“I didn’t expect to come back so soon, but Raphael and Hannah wanted to call it a trip. They went back to New York, so I flew back home. I had fun though. Everything was perfect.”
The singer jumps down from the stage and makes his way towards them. The first thing Dean can't help but notice is the unmistakable blue eyes he has. They shine almost like diamonds from a polished wedding ring. He has a strong chiseled jaw that clenches every time he swallows. He has a faint amount of stubble around his pink lips and surrounding his jaw. The last thing he notices is his scent because he remembers to breathe finally. His scent is a mixture of coconut, honey, and fresh cut roses. He's beautiful. Dean is at a lost for words which is why he accidentally flinches when Crowley calls his name.
Dean hesitated but nodded his head yes. Crowley smirked and then smacked Dean on his right shoulder.
Castiel jumps up from the couch and throws his hands in the air. “I think I want to make my first wish. I know what I want but I’m scared to make it.”
“Oh hush! Dean, what do you need?” Missouri stares into Dean’s eyes like she’s looking into his soul, making Dean flinch and look away.
. “It’s Castiel and you can’t quit. It’s not fair to just give up on your fans. Who’s going to make good music if you do?”
“Naomi said you’re the person to go to when asking the history of this house. She said you love to tell the story. I’m rather interested if you don’t mind.” Castiel leans his body more towards Raphael.
Castiel stills in the snow to look over at Dean. “I’m thinking about it, but after you just told me all of that I’m not really sure now.”
“Not yet. Junior doctors get twelve hour shifts. Lucky, aren’t we?” she smiles up at him, making Castiel squirm. “Want to keep me company?”
Castiel stares at Dean and doesn’t move a muscle. He’s hungry, but he doesn’t think he can eat. His stomach is in knots right now. Dean continues to smack on waffles only stopping to poof syrup in his hands to smother the waffles with. “Why me though? Why are you in my house?”
“Yes, I suppose you're right. She just makes my skin crawl. Dean? You be careful what you ask, you hear me?” Missouri doesn’t wait for a response; she just steps outside, closing the cottage door behind her. Now that Missouri’s gone Dean can feel the evil seeping through the cottage. That’s why you need both of them; one cannot exist without the other.
Castiel settles into his life as a surgeon easily. He also settles with the fact that Dean has also fit into his life easily. Castiel always comes home to Dean’s hi-jinks which at first he hated. Then he realized it wasn’t a complete day without them.  Like the time that Dean had rode a horse around Castiel’s backyard, the time Dean made a kiddie pool full of Jell-O in his living room, or the time Dean invited a few other genies for tea and croquet. That last one was actually pretty fun because Castiel got to meet a few other genies and they were hilarious. They pulled pranks on a couple of his neighbors. His neighbor Harry was pretty pissed off when his newspaper kept flying out of his hand every time he tried to walk to his door. Castiel realized that Dean was someone he had been missing in his life. He went through the actions day in and day out, but with Dean he actually felt alive. It was the week before Thanksgiving when Castiel made his second wish. He held out on making it because he knew he would be without Dean for a full week. That wasn’t fair to Dean though or so Castiel thought. Dean was lounging on the sofa flipping through the movies on Netflix when Castiel walked into the living room demanding his attention.
Dean just nods and looks out the window preparing himself for his evaluation. Crowley drinks his bourbon and stays silent. He only speaks up to tell Benny to take them all to the B-course. Benny drives away from the house and Dean thinks about everything as he looks back one last time. They make it to the course and Dean follows Crowley out. The course looks like something out of a summer camp except it's filled with paper targets that are moving, different obstacles, and a tied up dummy with a few alphas surrounding it that sits off to the side.
Castiel smiled at the girl. He didn’t know their names he would have to go with endearments. “Yeah sweetie, here.”
“I don’t know, it sounded like you were asking me a question. Was that a wish or..?” Dean squints his eyes at Castiel.
“By the way there is some talk going around that you might actually have to leave a little bit earlier then we planned. So, we might have you out of here by the end of week. Get as much shooting practice and hand to hand combat training as you can.”
The crowd erupts into applause and cheer as Castiel makes his way onstage. The band all give him silent nods and Castiel takes them as thank you’s for talking Dean out of ending it all. Castiel waves at the crowd and smiles shyly. Dean kisses Castiel on the lips, and it catches Castiel off guard. The crowd screams louder. The feeling Castiel has right now is surreal. Dean’s lips leave Castiel’s with a pop. “Fuck, i’ve been wanting to do that. This song is for you Cas!”
Castiel smiles back before grabbing the clipboard the nurse hands him. He looks it over even though he knows everything on it. “Dean, right? Don’t you worry, I’m going to help you Dean because you’ve helped me.”
Dean stands at the corner of the room near his bed. He folds his arms in front of him as he waits for the head in command to make it to his room. He doesn't know who the head in command is yet because he's been too focused with his training. Sam has told him that these inspections are a walk in the park as long as you keep your room clean. They are only checking rooms for drug and alcohol substances which are hard to obtain anyway. Dean looks up as his door is swung open and his eyes land on an alpha who looks like he could be a talk show host. He has dark hair that's combed to the side. He smiles a slick smile before he looks at Dean. Dean looks down as the alpha strolls through his room. The alpha checks things off on his list. He walks over to Dean and snarls.
Sam laughs a hearty laugh before he pulls and then slides the safety and hands the gun back to Dean.
“They left out a lot of the details actually. Crowley happened to find me in an alley and then he offered me a job. He said I was a babysitter. Now, here I am.”
Castiel blushes as he snatches Dean’s hand again and leads him into the building. It smells of lint, dust, and old moth balls. It’s almost exactly how you would expect a place like this to smell. Castiel walks up to the counter where an older woman is folding and hanging clothes. “Excuse me, where do we go to donate money?”
“No, it's just an old saying my grandpa taught me. He was a smart man. He was bat shit crazy towards the end, but he was smart. I'll give him that.”
Castiel ignores the whispers and makes his way to the floor that his first surgery is on. Doctors and nurses pass by him in the hallways and nod their heads at him. He nods back even though he has no idea who they are. One doctor stops him and starts talking to him. “Cas, we missed you at the bar last night. Why didn’t you show up?”
Dean places his guitar beside the small coffee table. “Do you ever wonder if there’s more out there?”
“It would be my pleasure, Missouri.” Dean walks in making sure to dust off his feet on the shabby thing his hosts call a rug. He lets Missouri lead him through the small cottage, paying attention to his surroundings. If he makes one slip of the hands or feet he could possibly turn into a frog or worse. “I actually wanted to call on you both for a favor.”
Sam takes the gun from Dean's hands. “Wow, she's a beauty. Your on someone's good list. This thing set someone back a pretty penny. This beauty is all the way from France. You can tell, look here. You see that symbol carved there. This is an original production before they manufactured it.”
“Oh quit your whining. That’s what you get for messing with things you shouldn’t.” Rowena adds the blood to the spell, causing a plume of red smoke to rise from the bowl. Dean looks on in curiosity as Rowena whispers in a dead language. The cottage seems to get darker even though there’s no difference made to the lighting. “She’s approaching, dearie.”
Dean sighs and rubs his hands on his pants. “I go back…to my urn. The urn disappears and it shows up somewhere else. Just like how you found me the next person will do the same.”
“Wow, your smoking Dean. Your going to be dead eye in a matter of days. As long as you keep learning from me, you got this.”
Castiel smiles at the table piled high with every food imaginable. This holiday might be his favorite holiday yet.
“You will be handling precious cargo so you will be using firearms. I suggest you learn to use one if you do not know how. There will places and people that will train you as best as we can. Any questions you have report them to me first. I will pass along the information to the upper chain. Do not try to take matters into your own hands. It can get you killed. Now eat up and remember everything I told you. You’re on the clock and your job starts now. This is a trial run though; if you excel at your position your salary will be abundant, and there are plenty of places you can go from here.”
Dean scratches his chin again. “The only thing I can think of is my age was preserved. I was 25 when I made my third wish…so.”
Dean goes back to his oatmeal and looks on as Sam helps himself to a bowl. They chat away about shooting until they're scraping the last bits out of their bowls. Dean walks to put his bowl in the sink and then turns to walk towards the training facility.
“You're not fine. You're tired, and you're being completely reckless. Wouldn’t I be more at risk with you falling asleep and crashing, or me taking over for you and us getting there safely.” Castiel taps Dean on the shoulder a couple times to enunciate his words.
Benny rolls the window back up and starts driving away from the warehouse. Dean and Crowley ride in perfect silence all the way there. He looks out the window trying to remember the landmarks. They pull up to a gated tall fence and Dean looks on as two guards come out to pull the gate open. Sensing Dean's confusion Crowley chimes in.
“Dean Winchester, how nice of you to drop by. Rowena was just making tea. Would you care to join us?”
Crowley looks at Dean intensely, and the way that Crowley said that last sentence means that Dean should never speak about it. Dean nods and then looks onward trying to catch a glimpse at the guards. Benny drives on down the winding road towards the house. Dean flicks his eyes towards the tan and reddish-brown brick house. The house is big. It looks like a mansion with multiple rooms considering the sixteen windows he can see. The manicured lawn is immaculate with red rose bushes being watered by a sprinkler system. Benny pulls up in front of the house and stops. Crowley steps out and Dean follows. They walk up to the front porch and Crowley opens it. The inside is just as beautiful. It has a rose gold chandelier hanging from the roof of the foyer. The living room is to the right and the kitchen is to the left. Every room has a specific theme and color but the initial color scheme is deep reds and browns. There's a staircase leading to the top floor. It's wine colored carpet is inviting. There are men all over the house. A few in the living room watching television, and a few in the kitchen sitting at the island. A few are walking down and up the staircase. Crowley stands in the hallway and then turns towards Dean.
Dean and Crowley both thanked the waitress and began to eat. Crowley toyed around with the lasagna delicately. Dean could tell he was a man that enjoyed the finer things. His whole demeanor screamed upper class.
The old woman grabs her purse and starts shutting down the store. She disappears to the back of the store as Dean and Castiel exit it. They climb into the car again and make idle chat until they hit the grocery store. Castiel pulls into an empty parking spot and turns the car off. “Dean, how much cash do you have on you?”
“Remember what I taught you. Pull your safety, check your stance, get into position, look into your sight, fix your aim, and then pull the trigger.”
Dean backs away to let Sam get up. Dean gets back into stance and then closes his eyes and lets in a slow inhale. He exhales it before he opens his eyes. Sam comes at Dean with everything he has. He punches Dean in the jaw making Dean stumble back. Dean comes full force giving Sam a low blow to the right near his ribs. Sam is taken aback when Dean swings with a flurry of punches to his lower body and then one to the left of his jaw. Sam stumbles and then Dean maneuvers until he's on top of Sam with his hand on Sam's neck.
“Charlie is it? Yeah, we need to do a fitting and get some new threads on this young man behind me. We need one that fit’s perfect on his frame now, and four that are two sizes bigger in the upper region. Can you do that for us and we’ll be on our way?”
“Your right. I should go.” Castiel smiles shyly at Dean and walks out of the room, shutting the door behind him. Dean doesn’t even have the energy to talk to Sam. It’s a conversation he would rather avoid. If Sam cares an ounce about what he just saw, Dean is going to be back on the streets when Chuck finds out.
The darkness towers over Dean. All 5'7 of her looks intimidating even though Dean is taller. Manifesting herself into her human form, Dean thinks she's somewhat attractive but the color of her lips and the black of her dress makes Dean see caution symbols. “I’ll tell you what, you do my bidding, i’ll help your brother.”
Crowley chuckles a little. “Dean, Castiel will be fine until tomorrow. His father taught him well. He can survive on his own. He's been doing it for twenty seven years. You were only hired for an extra set of eyes when he starts touring.”
Dean clutches the note and then puts it in the drawer of the night stand. He climbs into bed and tries to decipher what the note means until he drifts off to sleep.
Castiel asks a coworker of his to cover his shift tomorrow so he can drag Dean around. Once he gets the okay from management he immediately clocks out and makes his way back to his apartment. Castiel needs to think of at least two things fast that would virtually light a fire under Dean’s ass. If he went over two things then that would be even better to plead his case. He sinks to the floor of his living room, and sits in front of his stereo. He rummages through a basket of cd’s until he finds the disc he’s looking for. Castiel carefully places
The older woman tilts her head to the side and drops the hanger in her hands. “This is just a family store. If you want to donate money the best place to do that would be online. I have papers that have the link. I also have a list that have other notable charities you can donate to. Hold on a second.”
Dean huffs a breath before he flops back on the couch. Once he realizes his mistake of being comfortable and open with the omega he sits back up. His posture immediately radiates strength and a take charge attitude. Castiel fumbles around in the kitchen before he comes back out with a sandwich and a glass of orange juice.
The beta man gestured to a waitress to come over. The omega waitress grabbed a few menus from the hostess and then walked in quiet strides in front of them. She steered them to a table in the back and then handed them the menus as they sat down. She looked down as a sign of submission. Dean could tell it was part of the job, but he hated it. She spoke up quietly almost like a whisper.
“I only had to drive 50 miles. So, that should give you an answer.” Sam chuckles a little at Dean’s roughed up appearance. “I think that you slept too hard.”
“Whatever you want to do, I guess. That was the whole day I had planned. Hopefully, you took something from it and you continue with your music. I’m also hoping I can expect tickets to your next concert.” Castiel blinks back the tears starting to form at the corner of his eyes. He wants to spend more time with Dean. Dean wipes the fog off his window. “We’ll see what happens.”
Castiel sips the rest of his juice and walks his cup back to the kitchen. Dean walks to his room and flicks on the light. He opens his dresser drawer and picks an appropriate outfit. If he’s going to be working today he needs something light with pockets. Dean tugs on a shirt and then stills when he feels he has company. Turning around he meets a pair of blue eyes that are staring at him intently.
Dean stands to his feet even though he knows he shouldn’t give this entity an ounce of respect. The candles that keep the tiny cottage lit go out one by one casting the cottage into darkness. Dean doesn’t know what to expect when a voice is heard and nobody’s seen. Rowena seems to know where it’s coming from since she turns to one of the vacant corners of the room immediately.
The nurse waits patiently for the man to come back with the clipboard. The man doesn’t take long and the nurse calls the man holding his arm to the station. Castiel reassures his friends that he’ll be well taken care of before he shoos them back to the waiting room. The man holding his arm turns towards Castiel and Castiel gasps. He has shorter hair and he’s covered in dirt, but Castiel would recognize Dean from anywhere. The man smiles and winces at Castiel. “I’m ready, Doc.”
Clemming’s Hotel & Resorts helps and serves all types of guests, and Castiel just happens to work for them. Celebrities, chefs, teachers, doctors, veterinarians, you name it; they all come to witness and dive into the luxuries that one of the biggest hotel chains has to offer. Since Clemming’s serves high profile clientele Castiel’s met some big heavy hitters, and even has some pictures and autographs to prove it. Working with such big ego’s, Castiel is ran through a wringer
The large abode that the Winchester family calls home is the talk of the state. You cannot step foot in Virginia without visiting The Green House. It’s been in the family for generations, and it would soon be passed down to Dean if all the cards fell in the correct suit. It's quite a pity, because he could take it or leave it honestly. Dean doesn’t see the appeal for it. He actually hates it. It’s always dreadful to go outside with the swamps and heat, and he’s not really allowed to chat with the servants. Dean does so anyway secretly. Dean’s pretty sure they dread the day’s serving the Winchester family. The least he can do is be cordial. He’s next in line to inherit, and he finds himself wondering what would happen to them all then. Especially if he decides to give it all up. He would rather pursue his happiness via traveling the world and seeing everything it has to offer. He wants his father, John, and his mother, Mary, to give the estate to Sam, his brother. That chance was starting to look slim day by day though.
Dean gulps and holds out his hand for Castiel to shake. Castiel takes his hand and shakes it gingerly. He cocks his head to the side as a sign of confusion and then speaks up.
Castiel pulls up to the house and isn’t surprised at all to see Dean building a snowman in the backyard. Snow was to be expected around the first few weeks of December. He walks through the house to find everything spotless. He puts his luggage in the foyer promising himself he’ll put it all away once he feels like it. He walks out to the backyard to help Dean with his snowman. Dean sees Castiel and waves to him with the Carrot nose in his hand. “I didn’t expect you back so soon.”
Benny rolled up the protective window and continued driving. Dean found himself adjusting into his seat. He kept sliding every time Benny hit a corner to sharp. Dean froze when he looked up to catch Crowley’s eyes. Crowley looked at Dean with amusement. He opened his mouth to say something then stopped as he gave a little chuckle. He cleared his throat before he spoke up.
Dean cowers slightly, but makes himself known. “I….I asked Rowena to summon you. I would like to request a favor of you.”
Castiel shakes his head and picks up the papers straightening them and putting them back on the table. “I’m going to leave these here. I already know my stops so I don’t need them.”
Dean’s eyes droop as his lips quiver. “I don’t know my parents. I was in the system until I was eighteen. I don’t even know how I ended up in the system either. I’m an orphan.”
“It has everything to do with you. You’re not getting what I’m saying. I’ve been watching you ever since you stepped foot in The Treehouse. You picked up how to use a gun and tactical combat within a week. That’s the fastest anyone that has been admitted to Treehouse has learned
Crowley stands up draining the rest of the bourbon and setting the glass in the guards hands. He heads towards the door and Dean follows. They pass by the guard who Chuck told to leave. Dean stares him down as the guard lowers each omega cage and escorts the omegas to a back room. They then exit the warehouse where Benny is waiting in the limo. Crowley opens the door and Dean climbs in first. Benny maneuvers around in the front seat trying to pull off that he wasn't sleeping. He rolls down the protective window.
“Of course, I just wanted to tell you both that the captain is about to pull away from the harbor.” Sam pats his thighs quickly before turning and walking away.
“Well, we better make sure we're on it. Let's tackle the bags. Castiel…” Dean looks over the seat to see if Castiel is sleeping. When Dean sees Castiel resting against the door he smiles. “How long did he drive?”
Charlie walked back over to the desk and started calculating up each item. She took her time to fold each piece of clothing. She bagged each item and handed it to Crowley. Crowley took the bag and handed it to Dean.
“Yeah, from what I can tell. It looks like it holds quite a few passengers plus cargo. I’m thinking that Crowley arranged for us to be ‘cargo’.” Sam puts makes his fingers into imaginary quotation marks to define the word cargo.
Dean gasps in shock at the harsh grasp on his chin, he nods his head nonetheless. The darkness let’s go with a shove to Dean’s head. “It is done. I will not retrieve you. You will come to me.”
Castiel nods as he yawns loudly. “Yeah, I woke up like five minutes ago, but I’m going to go back to bed though.”
Meg waves him off as she stands in the doorway. Since this is Castiel’s first day his anxiety is through the roof. This whole day is starting off weird, and he hopes it normalizes. Castiel climbs into their Nissan and rolls down the windows. Some fresh air might do a world of good. He has to be clear headed or else people's lives could hang in the balance. He waves back to his wife and pulls out of the driveway. Half of his neighbors’ cars are gone from their driveways too. Castiel vows that he’s going to pick up some gardening tools on his way home. Everything about this neighborhood just bleeds together. He doesn’t have a need to be different, but he would love to be told apart from everyone else.
Crowley walks out of the room and Dean heads to his bathroom. He takes a shower and brushes his teeth preparing himself to go downstairs for breakfast. He trudges out of his door and walks down the hall to the staircase. He makes his way to the kitchen where a group of alphas are eating bowls of oatmeal. Dean helps himself to some and stands at a distance while he eats.
Naomi looks concerned but answers his question anyway. “Last year, when you and Raphael gave us the keys. You don’t remember?”
Meg punches him lightly in the arm. “Nope, get up. You have to be at the hospital. You have lives to save, you modern day superhero.” Meg picks up her pillow and bops Castiel in the head with it. “Now, get up!”
The lights are all off in the living room by the time Castiel opens his eyes. He must have dozed off on the couch. He hears Meg moving about upstairs probably getting ready for bed. He gets up and walks over to the window to peek out through the blinds. Pitch black besides a couple street posts and sprinklers going off in a few yards. He locks the front door, then he walks to the kitchen and locks the backdoor. Castiel slowly makes his way up the staircase. Meg is coming out of the bathroom with a toothbrush in her foam filled mouth. “Yohr funraly yup.”
Dean nodded and continued chewing on the piece of food in his mouth. Crowley continued on without a long pause.
“Thanks, I think I can get the hang of that with a little practice. I appreciate you teaching me how to shoot. Hopefully you can teach me how not to get myself killed in here. One of the alphas downstairs was just giving me the business.”
Castiel takes off his white coat before following her and Garth down the corridor as they head right towards the archives where he was earlier. As if she’s reading his mind, she says “This part is quite creepy, but the canteen is beautiful.”
Charlie put the tape measure on a nearby hook and then shot Dean a serious look. “I’ll get all of your suits and then take them up to the front of the store for you so we can check out. You’re free to walk back to the desk when you’re ready.”
“That bathroom was disgusting. I had to make one of the employees clean it before I used it. That’s why it took so long to…..honey?... Honey?... Cas!”
Once he feels the tension gathering in the air Dean leaves the room with trepidation. He doesn’t want to lose Sam, as much as his mother doesn’t want to lose her youngest son.
. What’s on your mind? You’ve been quiet for half the trip.” Meg squints her eyes at him as she speaks, climbing into their Nissan Murano passenger seat.
Dean does as he's told and then fires. He makes four holes on the outer rings, and then two holes in the middle right on top of each other.
He woke up at the crack of dawn and unfolded his blanket to look at the classifieds. Some of the jobs weren’t far from here. He could hitch a ride to the rest or walk if he couldn’t get anyone to pull over. He never got anyone to pull over, no one ever stopped for an alpha. They were too dangerous people said, too hot headed, too aggressive especially around omegas. People passed him by, but he kept walking. He heard no after no after no, but he still kept trying. He exhausted his search at sunset. He made his round trip to all the local shelters who accepted alphas. Everywhere was booked. He made his way to his favorite park. He watched the geese and the pond for a while. He people watched and wondered what others lives were like. The cold set in soon after that. He waited until there were a few scattered people around to rummage through the trash bins. He found a few scraps and dusted them off. He ate as much as he could. It wasn’t a lot. He walked to his favorite tree where it was secluded and set off to the side. He didn’t want a flashlight shined in his eyes by a police officer as he was sleeping. It had happened a few times before. It never ended well. He had been booked one of those times. It was a meal and a bed for a couple of days. The police were wary now to bring him and others like him into the station. They usually passed him up now and told him to move along. Sometimes it got physical. He hated those times. They hated housing the homeless they said. The station was for criminals they said. Dean laid down and put his hands behind his head. He slept briefly always waking up to geese pecking at his tattered clothes. He was used to it. He shooed them away and slept again. He repeated the notion several times throughout the night. He woke up at the crack of dawn and hit more places. He was cursed with no luck once again. He exhausted his search at sunset as usual. He chose an alley today. He went from store to store gathering old newspapers for his blanket and proceeded to make his bed. He set down enough newspapers that he felt were necess-
“Charlie, you must think I’m a fool. I know how to wear and care for my things.” Dean scratches his nose tenderly as he hobbles off the tiny stool. It was beginning to hurt his backside, and he’s actually glad to be rid of it for an hour or two. He passes by Charlie bidding the talented artist adieu as he saunters into the hallway. His parents should be around here somewhere. He’s hoping they’re not gallivanting with guests since there are always guests around here.
Dean nodded his head and then looked at the older man across from him. He hoped he looked determined to do anything. He wanted this chance. The man held his gaze on Dean searching for a mistake in Dean's DNA. Once the man felt satisfied at what he was looking at he nodded at Dean.
Castiel laughs and Dean blushes trying to hide his embarrassment. Castiel pushes past Dean and walks in his apartment, and sprawls out on the sofa while looking at the fireplace.
He wakes to the screams of birds in the distance and automatically jumps up. He looks out the window nearest him and sees the sea and huge boat. The boat looks to be a cargo ship with men loading it with a plethora of boxes. “Where are we?”
Dean stands there dumbfounded wondering how Gordon was hired, how he got a hold of Dean’s case file, and how he barged in his house like he was welcomed. Dean shuts the door and follows Gordon to the couch. “How did you swing my case file?”
Sam walks Dean out of the laundry room and to the training facility. They shoot targets for a few hours. Dean's shooting has magnificently improved. His paper target doesn't have a single bullet hole on the outer ring. He knows though that a paper isn't the real thing and that still scares him. His sparring has also improved. He has learned the necessary fighting skills that all the alphas here have. He even has beaten Sam a few times since their first encounter. He leaves Sam in the facility as he goes to finish up his laundry. He hides out in the laundry room until his clothes are done. He goes back to his room and packs everything he has. He shoves everything in the large duffel bag Crowley brought him. He finishes up everything by five. He cleans the rest of the room to make it presentable. Crowley knocks on his door and ushers him out by five fifteen. Dean waves bye to Sam who's sticking his head out of his door. Crowley and Dean head down the staircase to leave. They pass a few alphas that are wearing protective head gear and are carrying a few vials of neutralizing spray. Dean see's them go into his old room. Benny is waiting out front in the limo. Crowley opens the door and Dean climbs in first. Dean has put on a significant amount of weight and muscle since he's been here. He's dressed in khaki shorts and a fitted tee shirt. His hair is styled and he looks fairly presentable. His holster and gun lay perfectly on his hip. Crowley looks impressed as he surveys Dean.
Mary looks up and shakes her head as she continues to bite on her fingernails, as she normally does when she’s in a frantic state. Dean sighs heavily before sitting at the edge of the bed. Mary yanks her fingers from her mouth to answer Dean’s question. “The Doctor’s saying it’s getting worse. He won’t make it past the winter. If he’s lucky, he’ll see October.”
Castiel sits down on the recliner opposite Hannah and Raphael. “Oh, they’re great. The surgeries are easy and the pay is good.”
. Dean grabs the microphone to address the audience. The audience has been screaming at the top of their lungs’ ever since the band walked out. Dean puts his finger to his lips and hushes the crowd. “I’m glad you all could make it. The band and I are happy to be here. I almost didn’t make it tonight because I was going to give up all this. I was at my lowest and I wanted to quit. I am kicking myself because I should have known better. One person helped me realize this is where I belong, by showing me that you all need me. Can you help me bring this special person on the stage please. Castiel, Cas, can you come up here please? I would like to sing you a song, baby. Is that alright with everyone that I sing a song?”
“Your very lucky to have this opportunity if I do say so myself. I smelled you in that disgusting alley and I knew you were perfect for the job. You just seem like the type. I was pretty sure you would do the job well so you wouldn’t have to sleep on another floor. Excuse me if I’m being blunt, but it’s not exactly in my personality to coddle anyone. Have you ever worked security detail before?”
Even the town sign is cheesy. Castiel glances at the buildings that look like movie sets. Everything is pristine and so old fashioned. The features of the town are colorful and the families that walk down the sidewalk don’t even look real. Where is the emotion? Where are the broken families? Castiel turns to Meg to gauge her reaction to the scenery that is about to be a part of their lives, only to be met by gasps and small smiles. “This is great! I knew this was the perfect place for us. Something just told me this would be it. Do you love it as much as I do?”
“Great, this is my first world tour as you know, and it’s going to be a little dangerous. I can handle myself but with the Vietnam War going on my father felt that you would be needed.”
Dean nodded his head and gulped loudly. Crowley opened the big double doors and they were met by two guards standing on the sidelines. The guards looked Dean up and down suspiciously but remained quiet. Crowley took a seat in one of the lounge chairs in front of a big brown oak desk. Dean took the other seat beside him. Dean looked around at his surroundings, and felt like he just stepped into the oval office of the white house minus the American flags. There was an older man behind the desk who had a small stature but looked like he meant business. He wore a nice blue seat that matched his eyes. He had dark hair that was lightly peppered with gray. He tipped off the suit with a fedora that was cocked to the side of his head. He looked at Dean with disgust before he turned toward Crowley.
Castiel turns around and winks at him before he puts his hand on Dean’s cheek. “I’m going home young man. I know you’re trying to do your job, but trust me I can take care of myself here. I’ll only need you on tour. You should get a hold of Crowley to see who’s helping you with Vietnam. It’s good to have a solid working relationship.” Castiel blushes and Dean realizes he’s hit a nerve.
“I don't shake. Honestly, I should tell you right now...don't ever touch me, unless I want you too.”
“They call it the tree-house because it's a house set in the trees. All around this house is forest. No one comes out here and no one besides the people who inhabit this house know about it. The only non-inhabitants that know about this house now are you, me, Benny, and Chuck. Others have heard about it, but do not know the location. It should stay that way.”
“Well, hopefully he won't try anything. I'm going to go to my room and take a shower and get some shut eye.”
His mother smiles at him before saying “They’re all at the house waiting for us. She didn’t want to drag everyone out here.”
Meg crosses her arms across her chest. “I took the trash out. I was in the front yard. What are you talking about? I didn’t hear anything.”
“That has nothing to do with me. That was my father's doing. This is personal. I pay my debts in advance.” Dean takes out a leather pouch tied with jute, and slides it across the table to Rowena. He smiles before casually sipping out of the teeny cup making sure to blow on the liquid before each sip. If it wasn’t for Missouri drinking the tea, he wouldn’t even touch it since it was prepared by Rowena’s hands.
Dean leans his chair back a little, balancing it on two legs. “Castille, It’s a gift, you take them.”
Castiel breathes a sigh of relief once he finishes sewing the patient back up. He did it. No accidents, no incidents, and no one knows he’s a fake. He goes back over to the wash basin as the nurses take over. Castiel takes off the protective gear and washes his hands and arms thoroughly. Castiel can do this. He has one more surgery this morning and then he can go home, he guesses. He doesn’t know how any of this surgery shit works yet. All he knows is he’s going home. He makes his way out of the room and reads over his clipboard one more time. The next surgery might be a little difficult since it requires a skin graft but he can do this.
Dean nods his head in understanding. Castiel watches him walk away toward the bathroom. A few seconds later he hears the shower turn on and singing.
“Don’t mention it. Really, don’t mention it.” Dean lays his head down on the suitcase and falls into a deep slumber.
The stranger rolls their eyes and chuckles a little. “On the contrary, I did cook it, but your mind only saw it as a poof. Let’s not get into semantics though. I’m Dean, and I’ll be your genie for the duration of your three wishes. Oh, and remind me to get the contract after breakfast so you can sign it. It’s kinda important.”
“You do get a dollar, munchkin.” Castiel takes out another dollar from his pocket and hands it to the little boy.
He turns to the voice. A white dressed nun looks at him from behind glasses. “I am doctor Castiel Novak, I was looking for HDU. I think I got lost.”
Castiel is standing there holding his thumb, index, and middle finger like a gun. “Bang, your dead. Didn't you learn in your training to look through the peephole or ask who it is before you answer a door? Nice place....and nice umm....threads.”
Castiel just shakes his head no and then walks back through the lobby to the glass doors. He reaches his car and rests his head on the steering wheel. Next option is the hospital. This is so crazy. He doesn’t even know what he’s going to do once he gets there. He doesn’t know a thing about the medical profession. They’ll laugh him out of the hospital for sure. Castiel brings up the local hospital on his GPS so he won’t get lost. He starts his car up and drives down the road.
Castiel throws his legs over the side of the bed and stands, popping every bone and joint he possibly can in the process. He walks over to the bathroom to relieve himself and brush his teeth. Looking himself over in the mirror he begins to shave the stubble starting to grow on his chin and cheeks. He finishes it up with aftershave and walks back to the bedroom where he opens the walk-in closet and changes into a pair of trousers and a button up. He begins to fix his cufflinks when a loud bang from downstairs stops him. “Honey, are you okay? What was that noise?” he calls out.
Castiel noses around Dean’s room seeing if he can find anything that might be useful for today. He notices a cloth bag in the corner of the room that interests him. He reads the label on the front of the bag, the label is useless. He opens it and searches through the bag. He pulls out envelope after envelope of fan mail. Some of the fan mail are even dated back from last year. Why hasn’t Dean read these yet? Castiel hears the water shut off and assumes Dean is dressing. He still continues to search the burlap sack, even when Dean walks out and catches him in the act. “Dean why haven’t you read these?”
Castiel notices the interaction and then proceeds to ask the next question boggling in his brain. “What are you guys going to do for your anniversary?”
The darkness pushes Dean back onto the floor before grabbing him by the chin. “Do not ever speak to me in such a manner. You will hold your tongue from now on until I address you.”
Castiel slaps Dean on the shoulder apologetically. “You need to get back to your roots. You need to connect with your fans again. I know you're a private person, but that ends today.”
Dean nodded and held on to his gun while they both walked to the shooting booths. They picked booths side by side. Sam handed Dean his protective gear and then put on his own. Sam took out his gun and then pulled the safety.
He continues to drive down the abandoned dirt road, taking a glance at the scenery every so often. He’s never seen so many pastures and forests before in his life.
Castiel hesitates and then slinks back to the living room. Dean takes a minute to compose himself. The compliment from his ma…the omega is endearing. He can’t sink into whatever trap this omega is trying to put him in. Dean has a job to do and he’s going to do it right.
Dean fixes his eyes back on the road not saying anything. Why would he try to fight something that’s true? Dean startles when Castiel pipes up from the backseat. “I can drive Dean. I know you're tired too.”
Dean holds out his hand for Sam to take. “Dean Winchester. It's nice to meet you too. So, he gave me this and I have no idea what to do with it.”
Crowley walks away to look over the targets leaving Chuck with Dean. Chuck stands still waiting for the all good from Crowley. The alphas Dean put down are all getting up and vacating the course. Crowley yells across to them that Dean managed to do blunt damage on all the targets. Chuck nods and looks back over to Dean.
Castiel takes the clipboard and nods at the nurse. When he starts walking away he can hear the nurse whispering to someone. “That was different. I knew he was weird, but I didn’t know he was that weird.”
“It’s simple dummy. You bought the urn, you bought the baggage. You get the wishes.” Dean smacks loudly and wipes his hands on his gold harem pants. “It’s all in the contract, but we’ll get to that.”
“So, you understand though right?” Castiel is looking at Dean trying to gauge an answer. When an answer doesn’t come he snaps his fingers in front of Dean’s face. Dean blinks and answers a slow ‘Yeah, I understand’.
Castiel’s eyes scan around the room until they stop at the dining room table. The urn is back on it and this time it’s spectacular. All the diamonds and rubies are back in their original places. The urn is gold now and not bronze and dingy. The symbol on the top is polished and clearly readable now. Castiel still doesn’t know what it is, but it’s cool looking anyway. He walks over to the urn and lifts the top. He gasps when he looks inside and sees a little Dean lounging on a bunch of pillows. “What the hell, I didn’t know you actually lived in there. I just thought the urn called you when someone rubbed it. You’re tiny Dean. It’s kind of cute.”
Castiel laughs as Meg pokes at his ribs and skips inside the house. He follows her into the empty house and stands in the entrance of the living room. His eyes dart around the room, but remain on the brick fireplace. It’s an odd color, but it matches the outside and inside. “I’ve never seen a black fireplace before. It’s rather nice.”
Castiel smiles at the older woman as he grabs Dean’s hand. “Well you better get down there then. We’re leaving now.”
“Nothing, just how this is going to be a new exciting experience, that’s all.” Castiel bites his lip carefully hoping that his wife doesn’t see past the fake smile and sarcasm. He is excited, but not completely.
Castiel stammers as he picks up his fork. “You didn’t even cook this, you just poofed this shit into existence.”
Dean sets the chair he’s sitting in back on four legs. “I guess, since i’m bored it won’t hurt to go along with this.”
Dean waves a hand at Castiel and pounces on the hotel bed. “I carry it with me because eventually i’m going to get around to it. I just haven’t yet.”
Dean licks his lips again as Castiel tries not to focus on them. “I wasn’t always a genie. I actually got trapped into doing it. I got three wishes once upon a time ago. My third wish was a very bad play on words. I ended up telling the genie that it must be cool to have his job. I blabbered on about him not having any responsibilities and living in a golden palace a.k.a the urn. Then I opened my big mouth to say “I wish I had your job”. Now, here I am. What’s today?”
Castiel nods his head in understanding. “I’ll make sure to put your vase up so now one will knock you over.”
One afternoon, Castiel goes from room to room at the hotel cleaning and replacing sheets. Most of the guests that stay here are usually out, or exploring the shops and leisure’s downstairs. Castiel unloads and watches some television between changing rooms. It’s one of his guilty pleasures to watch soap operas on the hotel televisions. Since he’s hardly ever home it makes no sense to even have a television, so Castiel indulges regularly. He takes his time cleaning and changing the sheets so he doesn’t get complaints, but he can’t help himself when he starts powering through it faster when he’s on Dean’s floor. In a matter of moments he’ll be in Dean Smith’s room. He’s tempted to just smell the sheets, even though it’s the most disturbing thing in the world. Castiel finishes up the other rooms on Dean’s floor quickly. He prepares himself to knock on Dean’s door, but stops when he hears sobbing.
. He didn’t think he would ever have to deal with this considering he only works housekeeping, but it happens all the time. The hotel is his home away from home. Since he’s always here it automatically makes him a guest favorite. All the regulars that stay here know him by name, except one.
Castiel stares at the man and the table deciding whether to faint or try to get his phone back again. “I know what you’re thinking. Your phones outside on the front lawn, but you’ll never make it to the door. So, why don’t you….” The stranger claps his hands again and the chair opposite him slides out. Castiel screams again and he can’t help it if this time it sounds a bit girlish. The stranger laughs as he nods his head and closes his eyes. Castiel feels himself being pulled and as he looks around he realizes he’s now in the chair. “How you did…how did…oh my god.”
“Ok, I’m going to measure you now. Don’t do anything drastic like suck in your stomach or move too much. It will mess up the measurements.”
Castiel puts a hand to his heart. "I heard a noise. I came down here to investigate. The...the back door and the doors to the pool house were open. Where were you?”
“No!” Mary glares at Dean, hoping to portray everything wrong with his question through her facial expression.
Castiel closes his mouth that’s rudely hanging open before he fixes it to speak. “It’s October 12, 2017.”
Crowley walks up the staircase and down the hallway. He stops in front of the fifth room and opens the door.
Castiel yawns again as he tries to follow the conversation. “Yeah hun, that’s neat, but I’m going to hit the hay.”
“That was fantastic. You made time, and even better you beat the time by a long shot. You finished in ten minutes and fifty seconds. That's an all time best son. Let me just look over the targets. If you managed to do the right amount of damage we both feel that your ready.”
Dean sits down on the frozen ground. “My wishes work a little bit different for everyone. It depends on the persons true intentions. When you wished to become a surgeon, didn’t you notice your house and car didn’t change?”
“My dad must really like you. The other alphas he employs aren’t so lucky to get nice places like this. Hell, they’re lucky if they even make it out of The Treehouse.”
“Is there something you want to say to me newbie. I've been watching you and frankly I don't like you.”
Castiel smiles at the man before looking at his nametag. “Ezekiel, long time no talk. I was dead tired last night, I pulled a double so…”
Dean nods his head as he tosses envelopes back in the burlap sack. “It should have been someone like you in my spot. You just seem to know what to do. I’m just lost walking around like
Castiel wakes up and adjusts his eyes to the darkness. He has sweat pooling at his hairline and the dip of his neck. He looks over to his left and sees Meg sleeping peacefully. He swallows a few times, trying to push down the lump in his throat. His gaze darts to the hallway where he thought he saw a quick black shadow dart away. He must be imagining things. He breathes through the panic that's creeping through him like an unsettling wave. His body feels abnormally cold. Castiel scrunches his eyebrows, dropping his head back on his pillow and then he closes his eyes. Hopefully he can find sleep again. Hopefully he can feel some semblance of peace. There’s a tinge of regret in his mind.
“Alright, I need a wee bit of your blood. Trust me it’s not going to be enough to fuss about.” Rowena takes a blade and cuts into Dean’s palm creating a gash that expels blood onto the dusty floor.
have these freaky genetic traits? How? If you’re right they wiped them out in the thirties. How would I still have them?”
Castiel jumps up and falls over the side of the bed. “Who the fuck are you, and what are you doing in my bed?”
Dean walks back to his room which is right down the hall from Sam's. He opens the door and walks to his bathroom. He takes the longest shower he has ever taken. Hoping to wash away the remnants of his old life. He plans on making this new life stick and he'll die trying. He shuts off the water and changes into the clothes Sam gave him. He brushes his teeth with the toothbrush that was packaged on the sink. He puts it away and wades over to his bed. He still can't believe he finally has a bed. He lays down on it recounting all of the days events. He falls into a deep sleep soon after. He dreams that night, for the first time in a long time he dreams.
December flies by in a blur. Castiel performs his duties at work and eventually starts meeting up with co-workers outside of work. If this is his life now he might as well make the most of it. Dean makes good company every evening Castiel goes home. Castiel starts wondering if the last wish he makes would change everything significantly. January also flies by and so does Natalie’s eighth birthday. Hannah and Raphael leave for their honeymoon as well. February creeps by slowly and near the fourteenth Castiel finds himself in the house with Dean reading books and looking into a blazing fireplace. It feels…normal. Castiel begins to get antsy with impatience. He needs to hunker down and make the wish whether it turns out bad or good. That’s why he’s sitting at the dining room table waiting on Dean to wake up. When he sees Dean walking up rubbing his eyes he motions at the chair for Dean to sit down. Dean pulls the chair out and claps his hands. Two plates appear before Castiel and himself. They’re filled with sausage and eggs. Castiel picks up his fork and starts eating. “I think I’m ready to make my third wish now.”
When he shows up at Clemming’s venue, it’s packed to the brim full of people. Castiel pushes through the crowd of people until he reaches the stage. He enters backstage and looks for Dean and the band. He hears hooping and hollering and heads towards it. Dean is high fiving a group of people before he spots Castiel. Castiel waves at him and Dean walks over. “What are you doing back here? Your suppose to be in the audience until I call you up?”
Dean nodded his head at Charlie and then ran to catch up to Crowley. They both slid back into the limo and Dean clutched the bag in his hands as he sat down. He placed the bag on the floor once the limo started moving again. Crowley tapped on the tinted window furiously. The window rolled down and Benny spoke up.
Dean sighs and then gives Castiel a slight push towards the door. “We can’t have that happen again.”
Dean rolls his eyes before he jogs over to the door and walks in. The place is very cozy. Cozy meaning cramped with tons of people walking around everywhere juggling beers and cups of alcohol. “I hope you don’t expect me to perform here? These people are clearly not my fans. They look more like Kenny Chesney instead of Dean Smith.” Dean gives Castiel an incriminating side eye.
There's a double window and a walk-in closet. There’s also enough room to put their king size bed in here without problems. He might be able to buy an entertainment center with a big screen television too. Castiel walks across the hallway into the bathroom  checking out the  black tiling along the walls. The puke yellow paint that aligns with it is sort of ugly. Castiel contemplates what color to change it until he hears a knock downstairs. He hurries out of the bathroom and down the stairs where he runs into Meg. “That must be the movers!” they say in unison.
“You were late again Benny. I told you to circle the block and come back. I should dock your pay. You’re lucky I’m a nice guy. Don’t let it happen again. Also, we need to make a quick pit stop to the nearest men’s clothing store.”
“If money was the reason behind that wish, then your house and car would have reflected that. Since helping people and living an exciting life was your motive your wish reflected that. Hence, your parents’ house and the multiple surgeries you perform that most normal surgeons don’t. You wanted the experience so that’s what you got. As far as the wish for Hannah you wanted the best for her, but it was a little selfish because you wanted it for you. That’s why she has kids and a husband. I see lonely all over you Castiel and so did the wish. As long as you’re happy with it though that’s all that matters.” Dean drops down in the snow to make a snow angel. Castiel finishes putting on the last button and then joins Dean in the snow. “Do you know what you want for your last wish?”
“Yeah? It's been a while since I've been on any assignments. I'm not complaining though. I like it here. I mean there's always your occasional shithead but you get use to that.”
Dean wipes the sweat from his forehead before trying to get up from the floor. “Like I said, it’s whatever you say.”
It’s hard to sit still when someone is painting your likeness on a canvas. Dean’s never been the fidgety type, but as soon as someone gathers paints and demands a pose, he’s done for. He’s never scratched his nose so much in his life. His parents paid a small fortune for these paintings, and he’s ruining them. “I do apologize, but I have an itch.”
Castiel parks the Murano in front of the tall, intricately designed iron gate and gets out. He walks over to the keypad to punch in the security code the realtor provided them over the phone. He tries and fails several times punching in the code before the gate slowly opens. He walks back over to the car and gets in, shutting the door behind him.
Castiel kicks off his shoes, leaving them in front of the door on the linoleum by Meg’s. He eyes a sticker on the window he didn’t notice before. “Hey Meg, I guess we have an alarm system. Our house is protected by Links.” He makes his way into the spacious open kitchen. “Wow, it’s huge! It even has an island. I don’t think we’ve ever had a kitchen island before.”
Dean winks at Castiel before he presses play on the remote “I’m just gonna umm…watch this movie first.”
Castiel laughs at the familiar bickering. Even though his parent’s house has changed, they haven’t. Castiel slumps down in his seat. “I’m fine you guys. I’m just tired from the long trip.”
She leads him back through the oak double doors, passing the elevator he came up with. He glances at the sign in front of it and he stops. The arrow under HDU is now pointing to the right. I am seeing things again, like this morning! I must be really stressed out!!
Castiel takes Dean's hand and starts to lead him out of the bar. Everyone gives a huzzay to Dean as he waves bye to everyone.
Dean snorts and with his tiny voice he winks and says “Yeah, if you try to pick me up I’ll bite you. Now, I need to rest. After I grant a wish it takes a lot out of me. I’m going to probably need about a week.”
Dean purses his lips up, smacking them to savor the taste of the drink. “ Damn it, is that soda? Anyway, I think I feel pretty good so far. I almost feel good enough to write a song.”
Dean blushes slightly and then pulls the safety on his gun and holds it at his side. The targets retract back into the ceiling and Sam puts his gun inside his holster.
Raphael rubs the small of Hannah’s back. “I can’t believe it’s already been eight years. I’m still as happy as the day I met her.”
. Good Luck!” Castiel leaves Dean in the middle of the floor surrounded by tables of patrons. He walks towards the bar and thinks about ordering a drink. Castiel usually doesn’t drink, but this could turn into a disaster. He decides against it as he watches Dean try to haggle with the DJ. Once Dean turns around looking somewhat petrified from nerves,
Dean smiles and just pats Castiel’s shoulder again. “You’ll make it when you’re ready. No rush, I’m actually having fun here. So, take your time.”
Dean snorts after a few minutes and Castiel guesses he was speaking all his thoughts aloud. “This isn’t funny. You should be trying to help me instead of laughing at me.”
It was an abandoned run down warehouse. What treasure would want to live here? He kept telling himself that this was an opportunity as he climbed out of the limo after Crowley. Crowley started picking up speed as he headed towards the two metal doors. Dean was right on his toes being careful not to scuff Crowley’s polished shoes. He looked back out towards the limo, but Benny was already gone. He took a deep breathe as they approached the doors and Crowley opened them. Dean was breathless at the sight before him. This wasn't just an abandoned warehouse this was a whole operation. Right smack dab in the middle of the sitting area are two cages hanging on the right and the left of the room. They have women in them. Dean figures they're omegas by the way the alphas sitting on the couches underneath them are squirming. The alphas are throwing money at the cages that the omegas will never get. The cages are sealed and suspended. There's a waitress going from couch to couch handing out drinks and getting her ass slapped. Dean assumes she's a beta because he doesn't smell a scent coming from her. The alphas are acting like animals. It makes Dean unsure if he was even supposed to be in here. He just started and he already feels like he jumped head first into criminal activity. He paced slowly behind Crowley as he looks from room to room. There were no doors on any of the room's besides one that was a huge double door at the top of the iron stairs. Every room was decorated in a velvet blue and cream color. He felt like he was in a giant palace except it was filled with smoke and the smell of liquor. Dean really focused in on one of the room's, and it looked like there were a few people cutting an ample supply of coke. They were packaging It into neat little boxes. Dean hurried past the room trying not to appear too nosy. Crowley proceeded to walk up the big iron stair case and paused waiting for Dean to catch up.
Castiel laughs before he goes to the kitchen to make lunch. He calls his mother and father after Dean makes the wish. Dean returns to the urn and Castiel puts the urn at the top of his closet. He packs a suitcase with all his essentials. This Thanksgiving his parents want him and his sister to stay a week at their house. Castiel had agreed because he wanted to see what the wish had transformed his sister into.
“That's just Gordon. He's harmless. He mostly just stares at everyone a lot. He barely talks to anyone. I've only had a few conversations with him. He sticks to himself mostly.”
The older woman stops folding clothes again to look on in exasperation. “If you want to see immediate change, my suggestion is the local grocery store. Stand by the registers and pay for people’s groceries. Just let me know if you're going to do it so I can go on down there to get me some.”
“It’s not for me, dark one. This one here called upon you.” Rowena pushes Dean into the darkness’ view.
“This is Sam Wesson. He is going to show you the ropes while I get out of your hair. I will be back tomorrow around 10:30 sharp to drop off the clothes.”
“I'm nervous though. You have probably done this like a hundred times. I haven't done any of this, at all. I try not to fight if I can avoid it. I feel like I'm going to be horrible at my assignment.”
“I assume Crowley here has told you the arrangement and the rules. There's nothing hard about this job just stay on your toes. If you fuck up and your not already dead, I'll kill you myself. Do I make myself clear?”
“I thought so. Well it’s not too hard it’s more or less babysitting grownups. Do you think you can handle that?”
The little boy takes the dollar and tries to put it in his pockets. The girl Nat helps him after a while. The boy blinks up at Castiel again. “I don’t like that name. I don’t want to be little.”
“Here are the clothes. It's a bit of everything really. Briefs, socks, shoes, pants, shorts, and shirts. Am I missing anything? I said every article of clothing there is, right? Okay, here.”
Dean shrugs his shoulders and then lets his fist fly to land a punch on Sam's jaw. Before it can connect Sam catches Dean's hands and then sweeps his feet off from under him. Sam backs away from Dean to let him get back up.
. Castiel brushes off his thoughts and knocks on the door. “Housekeeping! Is it alright if I come in? I just need to clean and change the sheets!” Castiel hears some fumbling and running behind the door then a quiet response of “Come on, I haven’t got all day!”
Castiel opens the door and pushes inside. His eyes fix on Dean who’s sitting on the bed, playing the guitar and strumming lazily. Dean’s making it very clear to Castiel that he wasn’t expecting company. Castiel takes out some of the cleaning products and walks to the bathroom. “While I’m in here, do you have any complaints or issues that I should relay to my superiors?”
Dean nods as he finishes up putting the clothes away. He leaves a set of clothes out so he can take a shower.
Dean adjusts himself on the couch trying to stop the fidgeting he’s doing with his hands. He tucks his hands underneath him as he waits for the mysterious alpha that’s been hired for the Vietnam stop. He waits for an hour before a knock startles him. He walks to the door and looks through the peephole. A beady brown eye stares back at him. He opens the door to have Gordon barge in. “I read your file and we need to talk.”
“Invasion of privacy, much? Yeah, I have both. Who doesn’t carry a credit card?” Dean blows on his hands again to warm them up.
“I wish my sister would get her life together. She’s been wasting her life and needs help. I want her to have a job, a house, a family. I wish my sister was more stable.” Castiel closes his eyes and scrunches his forehead.
“I’ll clean that up.” Dean smiles nervously and snaps his fingers making the cheerios vanish into thin air. Castiel chooses to forget that happened, and makes his way to the couch. He plops down beside Dean. “Today was awesome. I performed two surgeries…successfully I might add.”
Dean looked at the carving and then back up at Sam. “You sure know a shit ton about guns. I feel like I've been put in good hands.”
The silence following the comment is deafening. Dean breaks the silence with a cough. “So, really why are you here? I didn’t receive any briefing from Crowley or your father.”
name. When Castiel knocks, Dean will answer the door in a robe, look at Castiel with scrunched eyebrows, and shut it until Castiel leaves. It’s truly the highlight of Castiel’s day even though Dean probably considers him a weirdo. This is the loop that is forever Castiel’s life, until one day it wasn’t.
The house they bought is in a quiet suburb called Green Terrace. It’s a gated community hence the gate covered in lush greenery that blocks the inside view.
Dean smiles before he rests back on the pillows again. Castiel closes the lid then picks up the urn and walks it to the bedroom. “I guess we’ll see if you’re a real genie come Monday.”
Castiel waves his hand in Dean’s face to get his wavering attention. “You can’t do that. I won’t let you. Take your guitar back. It was an honor just knowing you gifted it to me in the first place. I want you to keep making music.”
Castiel waited two months, texting and phone calls only with no update on the music front. It was the biggest relief for Castiel when Dean sent a letter saying he was officially on tour. Castiel will not admit that he ugly cried when he read it. He held the concert tickets that came with the letter in the air like Simba from the Lion King. Dean didn’t quit.
Crowley jogs away and starts to talk to a taller man that has taken off his protective headgear. He motions towards Dean and they both walk back over.
Dean hands Castiel a pile of buttons. Castiel starts fixing them to the front of the snowman. “Hannah seemed really happy with Raphael. Her kids are so smart and beautiful. Natalie and Tristan are awesome kids, and I’m happy to be their uncle. My parents are doing great they barely argue anymore. Did you also know Raphael and I bought my parents their house? I had no idea you put that into the wish.”
Hannah smiles at Castiel before bringing him into a hug. The children scurry away from them and run into the living room. “It has been a while hasn’t it. I was telling Raphael that you would show up sooner or later. He’s been waiting to talk business with you.”
Castiel reaches the hospital and gets out of the car. A couple people he doesn’t even know nod their heads in his direction. Dean didn’t tell him that changing his career would also change his relationships with the people he knew. He starts to wonder now who he knows. Castiel makes his way through the hospital lobby and then to the nurses station. One of the nurses greets him with a “Hello, how are you this morning, Mr. Novak?”
Dean looked out the window at the passing billboards. He sat there as the limo came to a stop. Crowley climbed out the door and Dean followed close behind. They both walked into Monroe’s. Dean had been in here a few times looking for a job opportunity only to be kicked on his ass. He followed behind Crowley who had walked up to the front desk. A bubbly redheaded beta jolted up in shock wrapping her hands around her heart.
The older woman nods her head yes as she goes back to folding the clothes. Castiel looks over the packet that Dean gingerly hands to him. “This is a nice start, but I want you to
“Natalie, Tristan, stop bothering your uncle and go play outside!” Hannah rounds the corner with a frown on her face.
Castiel tilts his head up at the rustic building that he found on google. It said all day karaoke on the advertisement. It was better than nothing. Castiel looks over at Dean who’s shaking his head in disgust. “Nope, no, nada, hell no, what is this?”
“No you don’t. Pay attention Winchester, I will haunt you if you get me killed.” Castiel taps on the papers on the coffee table. “First country like I was saying before is Vietnam. My people say it’s good to hold something there for a war relief effort. This stop is going to be the most dangerous. There is a war ongoing and my little concert is not safe from it. I have a feeling that my father has something planned that he’s not telling me about. Don’t be surprised if you have help coming in.”
The drive back to the hotel is somber and quiet. Castiel pulls up to the hotel, waving the valet away. Dean waves to Castiel as he gets out of the car. “I’ll see you around.” Castiel returns the gesture before Dean walks back into the hotel.
Ezekiel looks at Castiel and laughs. “No you didn’t you nerd. You went home at like five yesterday. You said you didn’t feel good or something. You said you’d be at the bar though, but you never showed.”
Castiel loses himself in thought as he thinks about his first day tomorrow on his new job. Going from owning your own practice to working under superiors in a hospital is a little overwhelming. A part of him is telling himself that it’s a necessary change, but he can’t help worrying about having less control over what he can and cannot do. Sure, the hours are better and the responsibility won’t rest solely on his shoulders, but it still feels constricting having to answer to someone again. Castiel brushes the thoughts aside and focuses on Meg. He must have been out of it for longer than he thought because the living room is done and the kitchen is almost finished. The movers will be coming upstairs shortly and he needs to get out of the way before they do. He rises and stretches before making his way to the couch. He should really help Meg with where to place their furniture, but she would probably chew
Crowley set his bourbon on the table and put a finger up to Dean. Dean took the hint and quieted looking in the direction Crowley was looking in. The omega was walking to the table with the plates. She set the orders down and then bowed her head again.
Sam rolls his eyes for the first time at Dean. “You know you're really stubborn. I’ve noticed that about you.” Sam turns over towards the window and cozies up to the door.
Crowley shuts the door behind him and Dean takes his time to look into his bedroom and both of the bathrooms. The apartment is small only having one bedroom, but it's spacious and Dean loves it more than anything. He doesn't hesitate to drop his bag on the large king sized bed and use his cream tiled shower for the first time. He changes into one of his suits and styles his hair. He locks his apartment and makes his way back down to the limo.
“So no, I'm not aggressive but I have enough military training under my belt to make me feared. I guess that counts as another way into this type of work.”
Castiel nods as he skims through the file. This job is very different from what he’s used to, but he’ll manage. After all, he’d been doing his residency at a hospital, even if it was years ago.
Here's where the historically accurate stuff kicks in. I hope I didn't butcher it to the max. I tried though. Happy reading!
Dean just smiles and then looks out the window as Benny drives away from the apartment. They make their way back to the Chicago loop and pull up to a theater. They walk into the theater and buy a ticket. They make their way through the aisles until they find their seats. Dean looks confused now as the theater starts to fill up with hundreds of bodies. Crowley smiles at a few people as the lights start to dim in the theater. Dean looks towards the stage and focuses. They're sitting closer to the stage so things appear a lot crisper versus if they were sitting in the last row. Music starts to drift into the audience. It's a haunting melody and it makes Dean crawl to the edge of his seat. A man walks out to the middle of the stage and closes his eyes. The man places both his hands on his chest then he looks up and begins to sing softly. He has a powerful voice that drifts from a soft whisper to a powerful crescendo as he belts out the Russian lyrics. He scans the audience as he sings smiling as his eyes flicker from person to person. His voice creates imaginary waves that melt into Dean's eardrums. Dean envelops himself into the sound. Near the end of the song the man throws himself into the performance gesturing towards the audience. Inviting the audience to join the man in his heartbreak. The man ends the song with a bout of falsetto notes that linger and don't seem to dissipate until you wave them away with your hands. Dean is on his feet with the rest of the audience and is clapping as loud as he can. Crowley stands slowly and claps also with a look of amusement on his face. Dean pretends not to notice. The singer bows a few times and then exits the stage gracefully. The audience begins to thin out and Crowley and Dean follow the crowd. Crowley catches up to a few people and spends time talking to them outside. Dean acts interested in whats going on, but the only thing he can focus on is the singer. Crowley excuses them from a boring topic of conversation and gestures for Dean to follow them back into the theater. They head past the ticket booth and through the double doors that lead to the seating area. Dean immediately notices the figure sitting on the ledge of the stage. It's the singer. Crowley walks up to the singer with Dean on his heels.
Castiel doesn’t get an answer so he quickly zips his trousers and laces up his loafers before heading downstairs. It’s eerily quiet and it makes his nerves stand on edge. He makes his way to the kitchen where the back door is open. “Honey, are you outside? I’m coming out!”
Dean looks away thinking of some way to change the conversation from the serious direction it turned in. Sam beats him to it.
“You have to be quick Dean. It takes two point five seconds for a man with training to slice your jugular vein. Remember that.”
Dean takes the time to process all the information. “Yes sir, I got it. Do you know who the help will be in Vietnam?”
Castiel washes the sweat off his forehead then studies his hand. When did he start sweating? “You say I have three wishes? What are the guidelines of these three wishes?”
Dean puts his lips on Castiel’s. Dean kisses Castiel hungrily but stops when Sam walks up to the door. Castiel grunts in aggravation, but straightens up when he meets Sam’s eyes. “We were just talking.”
“I’m here because I wanted to go over my tour dates and locations with you. If you’re going to be protecting me you’re going to need to know this stuff, am I right?”
“Being an accountant is so boring. I’ve always wanted to be a doctor to be honest. Can you make me a surgeon that gets paid pretty well?” Castiel closes his eyes and then opens one of them and looks throughout the room. “Nothing’s happening.”
“What’s your name anyway?” Dean stands to his feet to survey Castiel like he’s a sculpture in a pristine museum. Castiel tries to straighten his posture and raise his chin a bit. “My name is Castiel. Castiel Novak.”
Castiel looks back up at the house again. “Yeah, I remember I just like to hear the story so I can see your smile.”
Dean paces over to the loveseat and sits down. He stares at Castiel for a minute and then remembers to not engage.
“They were...they were...red. The only time I've seen that was when...never mind. Do you want to shoot now?”
Dean nods his head in understanding before he slaps Castiel on the shoulder. “Look, here are the rules. You can wish for whatever you want. Your wishes won’t be
Mary had called upon Ruby to help take care of Sam, hoping that the bride-to-be would be everything that Sam chalked her up to be. Instead Ruby took another suitor faster than Sam could see a doctor. It devastated everyone, but it wrecked Sam completely.
Dean follows the order and scoots closer to Castiel. Castiel doesn’t move his hand though. Dean starts to sweat with the closeness. He hopes his scent isn’t too overwhelming for the omega. Dean’s nervous and a little turned on and he doesn’t want the first day with the omega to be a train wreck. It could all come to an end because he can’t keep it in his pants. It’s been a long time. Who wants to sleep with a homeless person that’s lucky if he can find a place to bathe each night? Virtually no one, so it’s been years. Dean focuses back in on the conversation when he realizes Castiel has been talking this whole entire time and his hand is back on the coffee table.
If he would have known he was going to be thrown in a soap opera, he would have prepared dialogue. All he can do now is just stand there and look at Dean like an idiot.
“You’re just going to walk up to a complete stranger and offer them a job? You don’t even know if I’m qualified for anything?”
Dean goes in for another punch but halts it mid air. Sam catches his fist, and Dean sweeps his leg to trip Sam onto the mat.
Gordon flops down on Dean’s couch and gestures for Dean to join him. Once Dean sits Gordon continues the conversation. “Don’t worry about how I swung anything, I have my ways. You, you’re in danger, big danger. According to what I read you’re very unlucky. Have you ever heard of Alpha Red?”
Castiel smiles as he focuses on the words his mother just said. They’re meaning multiple, Hannah has multiple people with her. Castiel might be an uncle. Castiel and his parents all jump into his father’s Buick and roll away from the airport. The drive to his parents’ house is longer than he remembered. “Did you guys move? You’re going the wrong way.”
Dean looks taken aback but just nods. He walks behind Chuck back to the limos and climbs in the backseat waiting for Crowley. Crowley talks a bit with Chuck, and then Chuck hands him a key. Chuck walks away and gets back into his limo and then his limo drives off. Crowley climbs in the back with Dean and then fixes himself a glass of bourbon.
Dean looked confused. He backed away slowly as he put his hands to his side. He sensed the man wasn’t a threat, but he kept his distance.
ever since they hit the scene back in 2011. Castiel has all their cd’s and even signed posters he’s won from contests. Dean is the lead singer, Dean’s brother Sam plays electric, Ash Smith plays drums, and Jo Smith plays bass and acoustic. She even does background vocals depending on the song. They became popular really fast because they were all pretty, the songs were amazing, and they all had the same last name.
“Absolutely not. I’m driving and I'm fine.” Dean rubs his eyes with the hand that’s not on the steering wheel.
“Then I have no choice but to assume your mother had a birth that was outside of a hospital. It further proves my point.”
“Hello Dean, I’m assuming you already went over the tour stops with Castiel. I need to let you know me and Chuck have already recruited an alpha for the Vietnam stop. We’ve taken him from treehouse and we have him at a local hotel. He’ll be stopping by your place tomorrow so you two can strategize about who’s going to be doing what. Your interrupting my message at the moment so don’t feel bad when I do this.” Crowley hangs up the phone without letting Dean get a word in. He looks at the phone speechless before he sets it back on the hook. Dean sits back on the couch and decides to spend the day and night looking over the stops and times of Castiel’s tour.
Castiel smiles down on the boy while he situates his things back into his own pocket. “What do you want me to call you then?”
Hannah sits up joining the conversation as she puts her phone away. “We were thinking Hawaii. I’ve never been and Raphael has only been there on business. We’ll have to make the trip a week after our anniversary though since I have training that week in January. Naomi and Chuck are going to watch the kids for us. Since they’re a little older now, they’re not so much of a handful.”
Another alley, another shelter, another park it was the only constant. He pulled the newspapers up to his chin and laid there. His stomach growled, but he was exhausted. He just needed sleep. It was a routine now. Get up at the crack of dawn, knock on every window, and go in everywhere a now hiring sign was posted. There was always no luck as usual. Every manager or store owner that saw him didn’t think twice before kicking him out. There were no breaks and there were no miracles. This was his life. He had been on the streets for as long as he could remember. Growing up without his family was the toughest part. Everyone he once knew was gone. There were only a few, those special ones that made it out of poverty. Dean was not one of those people. He pulled the newspapers tighter to his chest and scooted closer to the brick wall. He used to have a cardboard box, but the stray cats always pissed on it. What was the use of sleeping in one when it ended up smelling like piss? With there being no showers until there was an opening at a shelter he couldn’t afford to take that risk. He closed his eyes and envisioned a steak, a home cooked meal, his family. All he needed was someone to care. It was even worse in this society. Alphas were supposed to be the top dogs. What kind of alpha was he sitting here wrapped in old newspaper sleeping in an alley? He closed his eyes and finally drifted off to sleep.
“I know I’m a doctor, but that’s still kind of gross. Well, hopefully you feel better. You must be really recuperating from a bad one because you hardly ever call me by my whole name. You usually just call me Zeke. Have a good one though!” Ezekiel walks in the opposite direction and Castiel stares at him for a little bit before he turns to continue walking. He makes it to his floor and the right room number. He walks in and sees nurses are all around the operating table. He goes around the corner where nurses are washing up. He looks at their attire and realizes he’s severely overdressed. He doesn’t even have on scrubs. He tells a nurse he’s going to go get something really fast and zips out of the room. He finds a gift store downstairs after wandering and looks over the many racks until he finds a rack of scrubs. He purchases a pair of light blue scrubs in his size. He finds a bathroom and changes as fast as possible. He doesn’t have a locker here he doesn’t think so he just throws his suit in the trash. He buries it at the bottom of the bin. He can’t do anything about his shoes so he’ll just try to cover them up as fast as possible. He washes his hands and returns to the surgery room. He’s already wasted so much time, and he’s lucky they haven’t put the patient under yet. It’s surprising he even knows that. He goes over to the washing area and scrubs down. He puts on the surgical gown, mask and glasses, over-shoes, and surgical cap. He pops on a pair of gloves and heads over to the operating table. He watches as a nurse looks at him waiting. He doesn’t realize what to do here. He stares at her back until some part of his brain tells him to nod at her. He nods at her with earnest and she looks down at the patient and administers the necessary drugs. The patient goes under successfully and the nurse next to him waits on his que. He remembers what the clipboard said. This was a supposed gall bladder removal. He clears his throat and says “scalpel”. The nurse reaches for the scalpel from the many instruments and hands it to Castiel. Castiel starts cutting open the patient and he’s even more surprised he knows where to cut.
