”Well, good”, he says. ”I mean, it must still be pretty intense, right? The smell? It’s a relief that it doesn’t affect you, just, you know… you’re sure it doesn’t smell… bad or something? Disturbing?”
In the end Steve had decided that it didn’t matter. Fact was that his irritation had been already subsiding and not one to continue trading barbs just for the sake if it, Steve had decided to try and be friendly.
It was bordering on being a case of too little too late, however. The heel of Steve’s foot was sloppily yet insistently pressing against Tony’s lower back, trying to pull him closer and closer so that it was becoming difficult for Tony to move his hips. Steve was bigger and much more stronger than him, and were he to go truly out of control, there wouldn’t be much Tony could do. Thankfully, Steve was usually rather docile even in his worst heat deliriousness, just a big, clumsy ball of love, and Tony had never had any real problems dealing with Steve’s heat despite their difference in size not working for his favor.
”I just… I feel like I didn’t make the decision based on that, on only the things that I should’ve. I let my insecurity make the final call instead, and I doubt I’ll ever be able to tell you whether I would’ve said yes or no if not for that. You know I was – am – afraid of them being left alone to this world. The thought of not being there to protect them still crushes me if I think about it”, he admits, the calmness of his voice breaking a little at the end. ”But I did
”Fuck!” he screams, voice hoarse from crying. His back hurts, his head hurts, his heart hurts, and he’s fed up with this feeling of loss and unsatisfiable lust and need.
“You feel so good around me.” Steve was nuzzling his ear, his voice tender and warm, and Tony realised he still wasn’t moving. “So tight.” A shiver run through Tony’s spine. “So hot.”
The door comes down, and on the other side there’s Steve, crouched, holding the door that has fallen towards him. Tony freezes, stares at Steve who lowers the door to the floor carefully.
Steve’s choice, but Steve can read from between the lines that he thinks so. He wouldn’t admit it to Thor, but the more days pass, the more Steve feels that Thor might be right.
Tony leans against his dresser, nursing a glass of whiskey in his hand. It’s only 2 pm, but he’s far beyond caring about things like decent times for drinking.
”Well, the first night I spent driving around. Ate the worst sushi of my life. Bought an overpriced record from a fella that had a tattoo on his forehead.”
When he was done, he reached for Steve’s shirt from the pile of clothes on the floor. He used it to gently wipe Steve’s own mess from his stomach, then finally his own hands.
”I feel obliged to remind you again of how admirable of an achievement you’re throwing away, boss”, FRIDAY tries. ”It has been one-hundred-and-”
He realises he can’t keep hurting them both like this anymore. Bitterly, he understands why Steve has brought up breaking the bond.
”I could do that”, Steve had said before his brain could catch up to his big, stupid mouth. He had leaned over Tony’s shoulder to look closer at a photo of a man in lingerie on his tablet.
”Anyway, it shouldn’t have happened, but the doctor said that sometimes an omega’s body might react to the extreme grief and stress by going into heat like they were trying… trying to, I don’t know,
He coated a finger with the lube, allowing it to get warm for a moment before pressing it against Tony’s entrance.
Steve can’t think about the twins – it hurts too much. They deserve so much better than him. He looks at Tony, his eyes turning cold.
And Steve came, the word ”daddy” leaving his lips like religion, his cock pulsing in Tony’s hand,  spilling onto his fingers.
”Steve”, Tony says gravely then, his armoured hands grabbing Steve by the shoulders. ”Thanos is there, outside. Bastard’s persistent, I’ll give him that.”
“Yeah”, Steve echoes, his eyes returning to some widower being interviewed on the TV. “You’re right. TV off”, he says, and the TV shuts, leaving them in the darkness with nothing but each other and Emmett’s silent breathing in the crib. Steve moves lower, turning to face Tony, and Tony hides his face in the dip of his neck.
”Yeah”, Steve confirms quietly. ”There was no pre-heat, I just woke up one morning almost fully in heat. A doctor was called here, and he told me that a heat shouldn’t normally happen so soon after…” he solves his throat. ”After a bonded omega has lost their alpha. Of course, I didn’t know whether you were dead or alive.”
Sex or no sex, he just functions. He functions until he feels numb in his limbs and still, when he goes to bed, he can’t sleep. His mind is a hell that doesn’t allow him a second of rest, constantly rattling and creaking under his composed exterior, detaching him from the present all the time. It demands action from him, bullies him until his head hurts from concentrating, but he has no answers. He needs peace, needs rest, needs something to make his mind as numb as the rest of him feels.
Steve lies back down, but he doesn’t turn his back to Tony this time. Tony searches for his eyes in the dark, gripping Steve’s hand, and like taking it for permission Steve shifts closer. Relieved, Tony wraps his arms around Steve and lets him huddle tightly against him. He pulls the covers over them, wrapping his leg around Steve too so that they are completely entangled. Even the most horrible things are always slightly less so when they can hide from the world together.
Tony whimpered, breathing heavily, his body feeling like it would come apart, and another spurt of pre-cum leaked out of him. His cock kept twitching - it was almost like having one big, impossibly long orgasm, but he hadn’t actually come yet. The pleasure just kept pooling there at its limits, never hitting the point after which it would crash down – Tony threw a hand over his face, vulnerable and in ecstasy that was nearing agony.
It is the beginning of a string of findings that, no more than 29 hours later, ends up in Tony staring at his model in disbelief.
It’s okay. He can do this. He can. He will not let Tony down; he will control his lust like he’s expected.
“Please”, Steve groaned, his voice needy. He knew what he needed to say, he wanted to say it, but his face still heated aggressively as he slurred the words out.
Steve can’t be bothered to delve deeper into the thought of sex, though, the losses of today too heavy in his mind. He peels his suit off, switching to casual clothes, and tries not to think about Kieran when he turns his attention to Emmett.
”Take off your clothes”, Tony told him, his voice so indisputable that a shudder ran down Steve’s spine.
been making sure that whenever we meet late and you might expect me to stay, it has been on a day before I do have that flight to Tokyo or something. And honestly, more often than not I could’ve stayed despite whatever I had on my calendar, it’s just a question of planning. I’m sorry for doing that, you didn’t deserve it. My only excuse now is that I’m so crazy about you that I got blinded by my ridiculous insecurity.”
Me: For you that would be the fact that you kept trying even though I was being a complete asshole. I’m sorry that asshole is my defense setting.
Agent Laura: Because their original wedding date happens to coincide with when the attack happened here. I think the grooms consider that a bad omen.
Tony: Of course, a nap would be more pleasant than this meeting. You’re the only thing keeping me sane. I want to stab at least three people with a butter knife.
“I will take that as a no. Between my time at Stark Industries years ago and the type of things that you were saying this morning on the fly over here, I think I know why you are so invested and pushing Stark and Pepper back together?”
“Tony, Rio wants all the kids in the backyard for s’mores in 10 minutes,” At the sound of Pepper’s voice both kids lying on top of Tony woke up quickly and were running out the door to the backyard. Yes, their faces were blurred. Steve was trying to figure out what would be considered the backyard at the compound but he wasn’t sure. Although, he does vaguely remember a fire pit somewhere close to the lake.
The Mechanic: I resent that, but considering the Princess is probably reading my text messages, I also respect that.
Friday: I did keep a copy when transferring the notes to the other timeline. However, Ana 2018 said that the Simmons of that timeline would begin deciphering and send back her  notes.
“Which will be when you head back to the states and Sam and Natasha come pick me up,” Steve responded.
“And she is the heir apparent of Stark Industries, so I think we're good," Flash answered flippantly, pointing to Afia. "Does that kinda make you his boss or him, my boss?”
“You two are not going to have a pissing contest in the middle of a five star hotel in a foreign country. Go to your rooms and calm down before I knock both of you out.” Agent Piper threatened.
Counselor Laura: In this timeline, Steve and May’s adoptive daughter. She is an Inhuman that can see the future or at least possible potential futures. In my timeline, she is Bucky’s soon to be stepdaughter. He’s planning to get married in the fall. If we survive that long.
Agent Johnson: We’re going to definitely need an extraction as soon as I figure out where the hell we are. The trash looks really strange here.
"This doesn't look like the Barton farmhouse circa 2018, right before half of all life disappeared." The man said, looking around, slightly confused. “Also, where is Clint?”
So obviously we’ve kissed and made up. Many many times. And it wasn’t right away. It took a while and probably several hundred text messages to get to where we are now. Good thing I have unlimited text messaging. Steve is worth the work.
“To rescue my wife and others from a timeline where Thanos lost, but Earth was cracked apart, Leo Fitz cryogenically froze himself to wake up 70+ years in the future. After saving everybody and defeating the Kree, they came back through the portal. Then that Fitz ended up in your timeline after the monoliths exploded. However, the version of Leopold Fitz that froze himself still exists in this timeline.” Steve explained.
“That feels like most days. Let’s move on to the next question because I don’t want to drive crying.” He was already halfway there.
“You can’t change the past. You can only move forward and rebuild.” Shuri tells him as she grabs his hand in support.
Anthony: I also didn’t realize that the entire dining room being remodeled meant something other than Anna falling off a ladder happened. I saw pictures of the bullet holes in the walls and blood covered carpets. Nothing was salvageable which explains the full makeover. However, my kid brain didn’t put everything together. Why would you completely gut a room if someone just fell off the ladder changing a lightbulb?
Can I really blame you for something you did when you didn’t have all your mental faculties? I shouldn’t. But I’ve never been good at being rational. I’m trying to accept that I may need more therapy and medication before I get there, but I’m trying. Not for you. I’m trying for me and maybe for Steve. I have too much stuff in my life to be angry. I don’t have time for it.
"Unfortunately, I probably have a more recent near-death experience than my other self. That would be almost starving to death on the flight back before Carol saved my ass.”
MayMQ: I don’t sleep. Besides, we just got upstairs after an evening of political networking where Stark tried to get on the good side of various governments, the non-homophobic ones anyway. How are they taking the news about Stark? Has the package gone public yet?
Cuddle Bunny: You’re bringing a six-year-old to a presidential meeting? Did you just curse in front of a six-year-old?
Purple Princess: You just accidentally told the boy in the chair you are gay? Not that you and MJ are trying to get Benji to date both of you simultaneously?
New A/N: May we all be fortunate enough to have level 3 friends to help us get through the tough moments in life.
May: I think some issues may have popped up. The battle of Wakanda was traumatic for everyone, even those that didn’t survive it.
Anthony: Why did I decide to come to this wedding? I forgot how long this was going to be. And they decided to do a reception today and not tomorrow, for reasons known only to the bridal party. Today is going to be a long day.
HSBF: No you’re not. Aren’t you pretty much taking care of the Purple Arrow children while their parents work things out?
Just get better soon. We have a date in Johannesburg on September 24. I’m expecting you to be there. I’m not going to say you owe me a dance because I have a history of not making dances, but you owe me dinner.
Anthony: Of course the tabloids don’t know about that, so that did not affect the stock and I’m sure the board of directors are so sad about that. Although I’m sure they’re happy that me signing myself out AMA also made the stocks go up five points because apparently I must be okay if I’m being reckless. I’m rolling my eyes.
Anthony: And yes, I finally accept that Captain America and Steve Rogers are two totally different people. Captain America was a god among men and Steve Rogers is a sexy asshole who tries to do the right thing even if he goes badly.
"You don't have to save the world alone. Actually, you trying to do it all on your own has created a lot of problems in the past." Sam said pointedly.
Anthony: Because nobody wants to talk about their kidnappings. I still have water issues. Afghanistan is the only one I actually count as being successful, but there’s been at least 10 attempts that I know about. This would be 11.
Tony: Okay, you have a point. I guess this is something we’ll have to discuss when I get to LA tomorrow.
I actually proofread this chapter earlier this week at work to upload today only to realize this morning that I did not attach the document to the email when I sent it to myself. So to make sure I upload it today. As promised, I did the final proofreading again.
“Sunday breakfast with the kids and May.” Tony smiles at the answer. “It doesn’t always happen because May has missions, and sometimes Kamala stays over at school. It’s just good for us to be a family together. I never thought I would have that.”
Director Stark: Great, that means I'm going to have to deal with Hunter. I feel the headache forming.
Welcome to part three of the 36 questions that lead to love. I did promise Tony and Steve would get through them a lot faster than there good timeline counterparts.
Okay he and Tony were sitting at their table alone while Agents Davis and Piper tested the food. Nobody wanted a repeat of what happened a few months ago. He doubted anybody would want to kill Tony at this wedding, but you could never be too careful.
“Yes, unfortunately. It’s a continuous EMP used by the Watchdogs as part of a false flag operation to take out Inhumans that we moved to various places throughout the world and blame it on the Inhumans in the first place. They were using an Inhuman who hated himself to break into the system. But Dr. Suarez is working with him, so I don’t know how this could be happening again.”
Red Malibu: Mrs. Purple Arrow is going to have to stay behind to mitigate. I think this means indefinite detention for Spidey and school dance chaperoning this Saturday for Mrs. Purple Arrow, but I’m not sure.
Me: Totally an understatement. It’s probably going to be in disaster, but I hope to be lying in bed beside you at that point.
Love: Hey nice delay tactic, but what’s true? Are we going to be paying for grief counselors for the kids?
Anthony: But not as a boyfriend apparently. The current theories are Pepper left my ass because I am a high maintenance man-child, a violent alcoholic, or man who would stick his dick in anything. Anything female anyway. They keep forgetting I’m bi.
Agent 13: I understand what you mean. Look, this isn't exactly a social call. I'm investigating what happened at the gala last night and I want to ask you some questions about what happened. You were talking to Anthony when it happened.
Red phone: Yes, it was. I hate to admit this, but losing Jarvis was worse than losing Howard and mom. As brutal as it was to watch via VTC, the accident/assassination was quick. One day, I was arriving at the house too late after celebrating surviving finals and the next day, I was identifying their bodies.
“I’m trying to be. Sometimes that is all you can do. I'm glad I am going to at least see Morgan for a little while because I hate being away from her.”
“I figured you could use something to eat,” Jemma told him, holding up her expertly wrapped sandwich. “Prosciutto and mozzarella with just a hint of pesto aïoli.”
Me: Yes, multiple times because you haven’t returned her phone calls. Probably because you’ve been preoccupied with the boyfriend.
Avenger Karen: The old consultant was Mr. Stark-Rogers himself. Your cousin also took on that name for a while. Mr. Stark-Rogers chose that nickname for you. The boy in the chair assigned Mr. Thompson the codename, venomous asshole, during his Shield apprenticeship before his mother removed him from the program. Spidey changed it to Venom because he knew you would want a cool superhero codename. Also due to the various media deals with the Avengers, the use of the codename Flash is prohibited by Warner Media.
Anthony: I don’t like doctors or being handed things. It’s my thing. Really, just be glad I haven’t ran out on Dr. Suarez yet. We have a session later today to discuss my latest near death experience. I really hope I don’t have nightmares about death by sunflower seed now.
Red phone: You’re going to make me seriously regret the fact there is no alcohol in the penthouse if we keep talking about the fact that every relationship I touch turns to shit.
Me: Except if I can’t talk to you for a few minutes at least every few days, I may go a little crazy and approach the super villain threshold. Snookums is aware of that and has the negotiations justification ready to go if necessary.
Red phone: Think of it as another part of the September Foundation. If I had a Mr. Steve in elementary school, I probably wouldn’t have been tossed in the lockers so much, which probably would have solved a lot of my current issues.
Red phone: Ana got me the materials to put my first circuit board together and Jarvis was the one who got Peggy to teach me how to fight back when classmates twice my size used to dump me in the trash for fun. This was just another way for me to make sure they both had a legacy.
Anthony: I can’t tell you mostly because I only know that it doesn’t involve fish oil. It’s fine. Senator hateful is probably pissed off that she can’t pin anything on me because Queens is under 18 and therefore not under jurisdiction of the Accords. I don’t want to talk about it. Ever. I really would like to spend less time in DC.
“Yes. What she was exposed to is essentially scaring her to death. I know how to reset her brain without stopping her heart.” That’s when the door to the room opened and Leo rushed out. He could vaguely hear Simmons and Coulson arguing in the background. It didn’t matter. May was his first priority. A part of him wishes Radcliffe was still around, since he was the one who saved May the first time.
FRIDAY: No, although my contact has found the file in question and will give it to Sir the next time he is at the SHIELD offices.
”Are you serious? How’s that fair? I haven’t got a damn clue what’s going on, and you expect me to wait a week, like to catch the next episode? Which, by the way, I would never do either at this day and age.”
”You’ve shaved”, Tony points out. Steve hums against his hand affirmatively. It’s silent for a few minutes, during which Steve just focuses on breathing Tony’s scent in again, on feeling their bond. Sensing the warmth in Tony’s hand.
”… It’s just an uncomfortable thought to me sometimes, since for me there’s never been anyone else but you. Not like this. And there won’t be.”
”You think I don’t?” Tony reproves. He tries to remind himself that he really isn’t in the position to lose his nerve with Steve now.
Steve takes the glass offered to him, his hand shaking as he presses it to his lips and drinks greedily.
Steve is usually already up and back from his morning run at this hour, and it’s the sound of him showering afterwards that often stirs Tony awake, too. Perfect timing for trying to lure his omega back into bed with him when he steps out of their bathroom with nothing more than a towel to keep him warm. Sometimes Tony even succeeds, but typically he only gets a conversation about who is making breakfast, with a quick kiss at best.
After he was tired from painkillers and could hardly speak comprehensibly. Always, always finding the love and strength to say these things.
Steve huffs frustratedly. The doctor’s words hurt and shock him, and it’s hard to think straight. He’s right about suppressants though. Whatever the medicine, Steve’s body burns it out of his system too rapidly for it to work.
Steve did. He really did, and he whined in confirmation, his legs trembling from the stretch of Tony leaning against them. Pleased, Tony finally lifted his hand. Drawing a hungry breath, Steve reached for the hand before Tony could pull it too far away and sucked three of the fingers into his mouth.
“You meant that, didn’t you?” Tony asks finally, turning his face so that he can see Steve. Steve is instantly reminded of Tony asking him out drunkenly that one Saturday.
All four of them hustle into the hallway, and as the twins begin to pull on their outdoor clothes, Tony’s hand finds the small of Steve’s back. He leans to brush his nose against Steve’s cheek, and is about to press a kiss onto it as Emmett mutters:
”I’ll ride you”, he promised as sensually as he knew how to, coaxing Tony back onto his back with his palm pressed against his chest.
”What the fuck, Steve?” Tony asks. He’s not yelling or raging, more like seething expressionlessly. ”Seriously, what the fuck?”
”It’s not going to be easy, Steve. I’m still angry. You…” he pauses, pushing the anger aside when it threatens to rise its ugly head. It won’t help him. ”… You really hurt me.”
Tony looks tired, and Steve doesn’t want to bother him by shoving himself to the single bed with him, so he pulls a chair next to it instead, taking Tony’s hand between his own. He kisses it, closing his eyes. Tony tries to squeeze back with his hand, and Steve can feel that there’s hardly any strength in his grip.
As they part to get air, Tony pushes himself roughly upwards enough to be able to let his forehead fall on Steve’s. Steve, whose body bends pliantly along Tony’s movement, moans loudly, staring at Tony with wide, submissive eyes.
Tony’s speechless. This is probably the cruelest thing Steve has ever said to him. He knows he has fucked up, but this… it goes too far.
So, Peter, too. They’d suspected that he’d gone with Tony since no one had seen him after the battle in New York. It breaks Steve’s heart, but not quite as much as what he’s going to have to tell Tony.
”Steve”, he called softly, although it took all of his effort to not just go entirely feral himself. Had Steve been easier for him to manhandle, he would’ve already simply flipped them over and begun to nail him into the mattress. ”Sweetheart.”
”Yeah, I – I’ve seriously got to leave this room right now, it’s… I think it’s fucking me up”, Tony says, looking distraught as he turns to leave. ”I’ll wait for you in the hallway.”
The reason he can’t focus on anything challenging is that his mind is occupied by the impossible, trying to come up with a way to fix his life. Their lives. But no matter how much he tortures himself with the thought, there’s nothing he can do. The stones are gone. He gets stuck for hours on the thought of somehow rebuilding them, fully aware that it isn’t possible. And because there’s no way of fixing things, he ends up thinking about what he should’ve done, about where he went wrong, over and over again. He knows there’s no point in doing that, but he can’t let go. He should’ve been able to do more. He just should’ve.
It went just as well as Tony had imagined. With a growl, Steve’s teeth sank into the thin skin on top of Tony’s left collarbone, making him wince. Luckily, it was more out of surprise than anything else, since the bite wasn’t too hard; more of a beg than a display of aggression.
This gets Tony’s attention. He turns in his chair, and Steve recognises the tenseness in his posture; Tony doesn’t like this.
”Idiot, darling, hush –” Tony mutters against his cheek. ”Why do you think I waited this long? Just to make you suffer? Do you really think I haven’t missed you like a madman, it’s been tearing me apart, Steve –”
”Always fuck me so good”, Steve continued a little breathlessly, kissing the underside of Tony’s jaw. ”Such a good alpha.”
Tony tries to touch his head, but is thrown off track when Steve reaches for the lever under the seat. The seat goes down with a surprised noise from Tony that Steve ignores, putting his focus back on the task at hand. His tongue tantalises Tony’s frenulum, then his lips close to kiss the head wetly before he sinks the whole thing back into his mouth.
Tony smiled, rolling the tip of his finger slowly inside, making Steve want to clench, to suck the finger deeper. He leaned against Tony’s shoulder, submitting to whatever Tony would give him.
Steve does realise that Tony’s talking about inviting Peter during the summer, but he doesn’t really see anything to write home about in it. It’s not like he has even made the money that allows him to have a home like this to invite people into. Legally, yes, it is technically half his, just like everything else because Tony has insisted so. In practise, he finds the thought of taking half of Tony’s wealth in the case of bond-break laughable. Then again, he finds the thought of bond-break unthinkable all together.
Tony wraps his arm around Steve’s shoulder and squeezes tightly, leaning his own head on top of his.
Tony groans frustratedly, getting up from the bed. He starts pacing around the medical bay, extremely fed up with the place. It’s a bitch to haul the IV with him, but he can’t rot in that bed for a second longer.
He relishes Tony’s expression one more time before he sinks his teeth to his neck and sits himself fully onto his cock simultaneously.
Hey, don't-cha wanna dance with me baby, Whitney ponders, and Tony downs the rest of the scotch to his throat. But it’s not the only bottle of liquor he has in the workshop, not by a long shot. Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.
It’s pure torture trying not to respond to his movements. Steve tries to take a calming breath, but Tony’s scent is all around him, never-mind the tongue in his ear, and it’s no use. Steve squirms, breathing heavily, and the ball in his mouth is on the way, drool escaping from the corners of his mouth.
there would be any problems in Tony’s healing process, Steve wanted to know as soon as possible. Luckily, so far it seemed to be going well, at least if Tony’s frustration with it wasn’t taken into account.
”Shh”, Thor shushes him again, rubbing his back comfortingly. ”Everything is temporary, my friend, including this feeling.”
”Not really, no. Just spider-stuff, I guess”, he responds, then adds hastily: ”And studying, of course.”
“How is she?” Tony asks him. He knows Steve’s been with Nat, because Steve would never allow his friend to be alone at a time like this.
Steve’s chant dissolves into a moan as Tony leans closer, burying his cock deeper, and there’s a chant in Tony’s head too: mine, mine, mine.
With Tony gone, Steve wishes he’d at least have Bucky. Bucky had kept watch during his heats in the time before the serum and not once tried to take advantage. Him, Steve could’ve trusted. But Bucky’s gone too, Steve concludes with a painful sting in his chest.
Tony watched him, open mouthed, and begun to move the fingers in Steve’s mouth slowly, his eyes dark. His thrusts grew quicker and harder, an obscure slapping noise filling the workshop, and Steve just held on, panting around Tony’s fingers.
Some things are challenging, of course. The amount of calories he has to consume during the last months is beyond absurd, and Tony insists on hiring a special chef to make sure Steve is provided with as much food as he and the twins need. That becomes a small problem, too, when Tony grows increasingly protective and territorial towards the end of the pregnancy, and even the presence of the omega chef begins to irk him. Steve doesn’t mind her; in fact, he really enjoys her company and listens to her advice eagerly. She has four kids herself, so there’s a lot to learn from her.
”Alpha”, he croaked, the first actual word he’d managed this morning. Tony framed his face with a hand, rubbing his cheekbone with a thumb, and Steve leaned into the touch with a content sigh.
He caresses Steve’s neck and spine lightly, and it’s a little odd mixture of unhurried lust and an attempt at soothing him, but it works. Steve presses his lips against Tony’s throat, inhaling so tellingly that it’s clear he’s smelling him, and shudders. Tony aches at the sensation – god, it’s been so long. He buries his hands into Steve’s hair as he feels him begin to kiss his way up.
Disbelief forms onto Steve’s features as he watches Tony get up, walk to the closet, and produce a whip from inside of it.
”Good, that’s it, good boy, Steve”, Tony praised him, removing his fingers from Steve’s mouth and leaning back to give his attention better to Steve’s reddened cock again. Steve mewled, and he was close, so close.
”Yeah”, Steve confirmed. He didn’t particularly like calling wound care ”icky time”, but he knew that Tony could’ve come up with something way worse. ”Actually, it was half an hour ago but I decided to let you sleep in a little.”
Tony had sat beside him, taking the coffee Steve had brought for him. It had been a bright day in mid-July, way too hot for coffee. Sweat drops had formed on Tony’s forehead as he’d sipped his steaming drink.
”Why are you so angry at me? What have I done?” he asks after a moment. His voice is calm, but distant.
And on the other hand, he hates the idea that Steve doesn’t understand, that he doesn’t realise that Tony misses him like hell, all the time, of course he fucking does. Some days, the good days, being around Steve and constantly smelling him is pure torture. It’s not about that and it really offends him to think that Steve would take his unwillingness as a comment on his own attractiveness.
Tony finds him in their bedroom, and before he has managed to gather up the strength to speak, Steve has sat on the bed, buried his face into his hands and started crying.
Tony blinks, staring at him. He doesn’t really want to fight, but he doesn’t want pity either. So he does what he knows best and turns it into a joke.
Life doesn’t return back to normal, but it finds a routine. It finds a way for the day of the week and the time of the hour to start mattering again. Steve starts waking up for his morning jogs again, SI continues to be a running business, Emmett’s teeth grow and get on all of their nerves. Life goes on, whether they want it or not. Some days are horrible, some are less so; some fly past so quickly Tony hardly notices them.
It’s a tad disorienting, hearing Steve cry while the scent of his arousal is all around them, but Tony guesses there’s no other way for it to be. He just wants to take Steve to bed and show him that everything’s going to be okay.
Strange had appeared, and not even remembering his broken leg and arm, Steve had carried Tony through a portal right to the emergency entrance of Metro-General Hospital, New York. Bruce had come with them too, and there, in front of the hospital doors and distraught people, together they’d got Tony out of the suit that had absorbed massive amounts of radiation and then hurried him into life support.
it. More than anything. As it happens, now he’s getting what he wanted doubly right away and he couldn’t be happier about that. Twins will at least have each other if something were to happen.
Steve gives a little laugh, and the weepiness is almost gone from his face. His hand begins to move up and down on Tony’s cock, and Tony buries his face into Steve’s neck, trying not to just slump on top of him. It feels so good to have Steve touching him that for a while he can’t even think about reciprocating, only makes low noises at the way Steve remembers how to touch him just right.
Steve had nearly died of the grief when he’d thought he’d lost Tony back in June, when Tony had been lost in space. He didn’t know how he would’ve survived it if it had been for real this time, if Tony wouldn’t have lived after his injuries.
A particularly long and demanding thrust cuts his voice. Tony shows a quick smirk at this. Steve doesn’t smile.
But Steve needs Tony. Steve needs Tony to touch him, to fill him, to knot him. He needs his scent, the calm and safe of it, needs Tony to show him how to be.
”… The lipstick contains pheromones that will make your alpha go crazy like it’s your first heat together again. Make yourself the omega you know you are with Omega Bliss’ new…”
Steve doesn’t have to be told twice. He shuffles so that he can see himself when he rests the side of his face down, then does just that, slumping against the pillow. It feels like heaven, just his muscles being allowed the rest. Sure, he has extremely high endurance, but that doesn’t mean that he enjoys prolonged strain. The pillow is soft and cool against his skin and he closes his eyes for a second, letting out a relieved sigh.
Steve stroked Tony’s hair for a while, lulling him to sleep in less than a minute. He kept at it for a moment, adoring the odd grey ones he found and just enjoying the utter sense of peace he felt watching Tony’s restful face.
Steve huffs, pressing ”send” only leaving a bitter taste into his mouth. Then he hears Kieran coo, and looks at him, rising his eyebrows playfully.
It goes on like that until Steve’s forehead is damp with sweat, his cock swollen against Tony’s thigh. He’s counted to thirty, and that’s enough to make his ass scream with red, even if it will only stay for a while. His breath has grown short, and he’s starting to remember the part that is punishment in this. But he has stayed still, and relatively silent.
Even without a perfect memory, Steve knows he’d remember it clearly. By that time, he’d grown nearly obsessed about the idea of having a child. He’d been so afraid that they’d failed to conceive.
Steve sighs. ”It’s okay. Just listen.” The words come out of him impatiently; he doesn’t feel like he deserves Tony’s sympathy.
”Safe? From what?”, Steve continues to interrogate, sitting up so quickly that he sees stars for a moment, which doesn’t really happen to him, but he doesn’t have time to think about it. ”Why wouldn’t he be safe right here with me?”
Tony gives him one final, ensuring look and after Steve answers it with a sincere expression, he begins to kiss a trail up Steve’s arm to his shoulder, his hand slowly finding its way back lower. Steve caresses Tony’s spine lightly with the tips of his fingers, his lips meeting Tony’s with a tiny hum.
”You work too hard”, Steve mumbled against his neck like he hadn’t even heard Tony. He reached for one of the hands on his ass and pulled it up for inspection. Just like Steve had guessed, there was dried black grease on Tony’s hand, smudging his index finger and thumb, originating from some machine Tony had been working on earlier today. Steve sucked the dirty index finger into his mouth.
Tony groans. He can’t hear the sounds of the twins himself, but now he knows that there can be an overly dramatic inquiry about a lost sock or that one toy that is needed right now at the door any second. He can only hope that the TV remote is not lost.
”I could make you, you know.” He’s obviously not going to force Tony into sex, he just wants to get a response out of him. He wants him to fuck him, hit him, at least shout at him. Anything.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. You're so wonderful. You always keep me happy and writing. I adore seeing your comments. You make me sit down and focus. I absolutely adore you all.
Tony: Well if I wasn’t coming here mostly to hook up with you, she would’ve came with me. She comes a couple of times a year for meetings. She’s better at these meetings than I am, which is totally why she is CEO regardless of where things stand between us in our personal relationship.
“Friday, sweetie, how many times did Tony touch Steve yesterday during the meeting?” Laura asked the AI.
“As I stated earlier, Friday is working on a mission with Leopold J. Fitz. That takes precedence. It was decided that it was best to load one of your backup AIs to perform all necessary functions until she is able to take over.”
“Okay, Friday -- Afia will read the book and then we will get Fitz and the others back. Sorry, Afia I’m getting used to the new name,” Leo told the group.
“Actually, it’s probably going to be the other way around.  Do we want to know what they’re doing?” Tony asked.
“Some things still need to be. You and Tony need to fix things to at least the point he will come to help us because I need to go back home to prevent this from happening. It won’t undo things here, but at least you’ll prevent one universe from going through the pain you’re going through now.” Laura tells Steve.
“I heard your conversation with Dr. Fitz while I was getting my suit fitted this morning.” Steve responded.
Tony: Okay I’m just rambling and I realized that the tabloids would have a field day if they actually saw this message. Proof Tony Stark really does have a heart. Apparently, you’re it.
Number one May: Just promise me you’ll use condoms and lots of lube. And he will have to come over for dinner.
However, Leo is also aware that there are some things he couldn’t change like Robbie’s uncle, New Orleans, or hurricane Maria and the explosion of Inhumans on the island of Puerto Rico that occurred afterward. And he knew Thanos was still coming soon. But they had a plan.
Purple Princess: A really long-range communication device that can also pick up signals in pocket dimensions and other timelines. Dad already started on something a few months ago, but we had to work out some bugs on the receiving end. We got the other timeline part down. The other part is tricky.
Counselor Laura: You’re a version of him. Just like I’m a version of your Laura. It’s just maybe at some point, I took a different path.
HSBF: Is that you covered with flour and I assume that is Afia with you? All the other kids have their faces blurred.
Me: Friday is taking our actual answers and going to come up with something fit to print. That’s kind of what she’s been doing with the fake messages.
Counselor Laura: It's never the assholes. Afia, or rather Friday as an LMD teenager, helped Flash work through his issues.
HSBF: OK, my perfect day would be waking up next to you and not having to worry about Ross or the Accords.
Me: I still don’t have any idea although Piper and the other agents are apparently not concerned because Coulson will be the real person in charge. I was hoping to talk to Rhodey Bear again but he is still in LA dealing with the situation that has twitter up in arms.
“We are stubborn as mules. We're just now working through our issues. I think part of that is because we now know that there is a version of us that actually did fix things and are getting married.” Because the other Steve and Tony gave him hope that maybe things could be fixed.
“Scientists make a lot of mistakes sometimes. Friday sweetheart, what's the next question on the list?” Tony asked the AI.
Me: But we’re going to stop it. So your extra preparations are just paranoia on your part, but they’re still going to do it.
“I thought that about my mom once upon a time and Hydra happened,” He regrets his last words to her so much.
Tony Potts: So, have you talked to you're not a husband yet? The sooner we get any information he has, the sooner we can begin Operation: Infinite Keep Away.
Hunter: For the guy not in the room, Leo just threatened to withhold sex and threw a pillow at me. He is cranky when he only gets three hours of sleep. He was too stressed out to sleep past 1:30 AM.
Me: I needed a moment and a distraction to deal with my handler coming back from the dead, which is why I’m not going to comment on your avoidance.
Counselor Laura from 2023: I know that you’re aware of Simmons 2023's drinking problem. I want to do an intervention before I leave if there's time. Will there be time, or are you texting me to tell me to pack my bags?
Morgan's dad: Yes, there is a couch here, and Laura brought me a granola bar yesterday. I think this is Simmons's lab. Which is evident from the minibar that I'm asking you to help me get rid of. I think this is phase 1 of the intervention that Laura from the "good" timeline is planning to do. Apparently, we all need lots of intervention.
The new consultant: It's too early for pizza. Bagels? Or maybe waffles? Beignets? Although I was promised pancakes.
Tony: Then there’s Dr. Simmons and her boyfriend. You actually trust him to have access to one of your suits.
Number one May: Don’t forget to use protection. I don’t need grandbabies yet, and nobody wants chlamydia. Trust me.
Karen: Agent Leo is. The princess says that Agent May can come if she wants to. I just asked her. Princess Shuri is currently in the Los Angeles area helping with the incident.
Blue phone: I haven't done that once during these text messages and you curse worse than Dum Dum when he's pissed.
Me: My bad memory is watching my James die or when I thought he died. It’s tied with watching your face when you saw the video. I’m so sorry about what happened that day. Maybe everything that happened that day should be the bad memory?
Me: What happened last night or rather this morning was off the books. In addition to telling me to be extra careful, they wanted to know if I’ve been in contact with Skye-quake-22 again. Apparently Scary and Agent see her as their work child which may be why she ran away from home after her boyfriend died for all of our sins.
Even if that means you’re dating a Stark. I’ve been told that he is less of a prick than his father, mostly by the Princess. I’m not going to ask you what you see in him because I don’t want to get punched. Although, he does send a very nice apology gift basket. I like the plums. They’re hard to get around here. The chocolate was also good.
Me: Point. How are you even talking to me right now? I did dump the phone that belongs to whatever number you're actually calling, before I even left my last undisclosed location. Stark scares me.
Tony: You're doing well now, but that's probably because I think you’re trying to avoid me. Or are you afraid of asking for help because you know that you need me. I feel like other Laura would like to get back to her kids.
Red phone: It actually got better once I was at boarding school because there almost everybody was like me.
Tony: Good news, the principal really likes my apple strudel and offering to help with the holiday pageant bake sale has endured me with Principal Morita. Or maybe it was Afia showing off pictures of her future stepdad. I’m like 88% sure he knows that Stefan is really you.
Me: If Twitter doesn’t tell you first. I went out for a doughnut today and there were six articles about me eating my emotions. Of course this was after pictures of Happy getting rid of the old engagement ring started making the rounds.
Me: So, his wife is way too smart and I’m pretty sure she knows, which is why there were way too many jokes about workplace romance and everybody assuming that I would end up with you. Germany was called a lover spat twice.
“True, but I do have a room here. Actually, this is my room.” This explains the ridiculously soft sheets on the bed. Also the fact the color scheme was the same as Tony’s room at the compound. Steve never had the heart to give it to someone else. It’s not like they didn’t have the space even with Melinda’s people there. “Robin is in the guestroom. However, I promise that the sheets are clean, and all my sex toys are in the bathroom at the cabin.” Steve instantly thought about Tony lying naked on the most likely $2000 sheets with Steve using one of those toys on him. That was not a thought he needed to have right now. Especially considering what he found in his toiletry bag a few minutes ago.
Yo-Yo hasn’t had time to help me get revenge on the ex-boyfriend but she promises to come and help as soon as her current mission is over. Although, she says it may be a while.
“She says she wants details but no pictures because she doesn’t want you to accidentally post them on Instagram again.” Tony couldn’t help but snicker at that. Although if May was packing him toys and condoms, he definitely had May’s permission for a nice snuggle. Even if a part of his brain wanted to test out that toy on Steve, they were nowhere near that yet.
Me: It was a nice blanket. Nikki loved it. BTW, I’m not talking to my former handler outside of my wife getting kidnapped again. At least not anytime soon.
Me: And it’s technically owned in the name of a dummy corporation with no ties to SI because again I’m pretty sure it was really for SHIELD.
Tony: I don't want to keep raising Morgan in this broken world where mommy and daddy pretend to be engaged. Maybe I don't want her to see me almost on the verge of tears whenever I hear the name Peter. We couldn't even have the Peter rabbit books in the house.
Laura is making me do this exercise again. I don’t know what good it’s going to do. Although maybe I’m a little less angry at you, mostly because I know you’re not with Steve. The fact that you’re not living happily ever after with the guy, but are in fact taking responsibility for what you did helps. I’m not going to say it brings me closure, but it makes things easier to deal with.
Agent L. Barton: I am not surprised at all. We need to pass the schematics to the other team during the window.
Anthony love: Mr. President, yesterday, my boyfriend and the other Avengers team that you’re not supposed to know about saved us from aliens. These aliens were trying to invade earth to extract all our resources before the other alien coming to kill us all gets here. He doesn’t want to kill us all just half of us by turning them to dust—literally, dust.
"Please tell me you pointed out that it's really creepy to kiss your ex-girlfriend's great-niece right after the funeral. Not as bad as the married Chief of Staff for Senator Ward, but still awful." Mostly because the man's wife tried to kill Tony.
The new consultant: We call him Spidey Junior, and you’re going to have to ask Tony to explain that nickname.
I guess I really wish he would’ve actively shown that he loved me. You can get somebody all the things in the world but that doesn’t mean anything. It’s just money or toys or cars and that doesn’t make up for the lack of hugs and kisses. I had Mom and Jarvis. But it didn’t make up for the lack of Howard.
This is not my first relationship with a man. So I guess I should tell you that Artie was not just a friend. I know I should’ve told you back then, but I was scared. Petrified for you to find out the truth and hate me for it. Or worse. I didn’t want you to leave me. I also didn’t want to get arrested because, well, you remember what it was like back then, but I sacrificed what I needed to keep you around and I have to stop doing that. At least that’s what my therapist tells me.
CoulsonPJ: He’s fine. According to Simmons, he has a few injuries though, but only a few which is surprising considering a building collapsed on him earlier tonight.
“That’s a given. The last time he saw me I was trying to kill him for one of his past sins that he committed under Hydra mind fuck. Thanks to my lovely falling down moment we probably will not see each other until the end of the world is actually in progress and maybe not even then,” Tony sighed.
“It’s best that you never ever see it. It was worse than the radio drama. They made Red Skull Italian and raised by Nazis and that’s just the beginning. Also, he or rather who he worked for were responsible for Kennedy and MLK’s assassination.” Tony explained trying to remember what he knew about it from the one time he watched it years ago.
“I’m not sure if it’s bad news but it’s not something we want cronies of Ross to intercept. He is gone but there is a dozen other people out there just like him.” Tony tells him.
Me: As much as I want to keep texting you, I need to at least attempt a full night’s sleep before my DOD meeting tomorrow. Apparently, they think that my willingness to play nice with the UN means that I'll make them toys again.
Me: Do you think that she would be willing to help with my James? You know I still feel awful about getting him paralyzed. The SI medical research division, mostly the members that are actually from Wakanda have been coming up with some good stuff along with Dr. Monkey Lover but I have this feeling that she might do better.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are lovely. Also, a reminder I posted a special chapter Wednesday this week. If you did not read that chapter, go back.
Cuddle Bunny: So you work on your end and I work on mine and hopefully we can meet somewhere in the middle.
Anthony: He grew up across the street from a park that just happened to have a statue of you. That’s a lot for a little kid to live up to.
“It’s all a mess. So Daddy Spider is either undercover with the Watchdogs or actually a member of the Watchdogs and well, if your six-year-old has superpowers it might be best for him not to be anywhere near Spidey Jr. either way.
Me: No, you would be hitting on me from your nursing home bed. You would live to hit a centennial, no matter what.
I also want to add that you consider your friends family to that list, even though I am supposed to stop at five items. I find that kind of adorable.
“Actually, the drugs just got harder for a while, which led to my first few trips to rehab. Let's fast-forward to Afghanistan, where I realized how much I funked up by just drinking and designing stuff. My actions got people killed. It almost got me killed. So thanks to the advice of one wise man, I decided not to waste my life. So, I worked on trying to fix my mistakes and a few of Howard's. Then I met you, flew a nuke into a wormhole, and made several more mistakes. I screwed up things so badly that we were in pieces, so we couldn’t stop the purple one. I then got Pepper pregnant and said so many stupid things that she rightfully kicked me out. I’m still shocked Pepper is speaking to me again. Morgan is the best thing ever in my life, and I love her so much. I like being a parent. It's my favorite thing.”
The world was quickly out of any control for Tony again as Steve begun to devour his way back up to his cock, nipping at his thighs softly and stopping to mouth his balls on the way. His cock was buried back between Steve’s lips, and then there was a finger rubbing against his hole, the touch so light Tony was sure he’d lose his mind. A tortured noise escaped his throat – he needed more, much more, but Steve was just bobbing his head up and down on him, almost leisurely, the finger teasing and massaging around his entrance.
Steve sighs, driving his thoughts away. There’s enough that rubbed him the wrong way in what Tony said to make a problem of the part that was probably meant to be a compliment – an odd one at that, but nevertheless.
”Flattery will get you nowhere. Third of all, if we somehow don’t manage to get ourselves killed in a dramatic attempt to save the world, you’ll literally be changing my diapers some day, because you
”It’s okay”, Tony says, apparently sensing his distress. Steve lifts his face to get a confirmation for the soft tone from his face, but snorts when he sees Tony’s chin smeared with white. Tony grins wearily as Steve licks it off. Careful not to pull the knot, Steve shifts his weight off of Tony and beside him, allowing Tony to wrap his arm back around him.
Steve doesn’t really have anything that needs to be said right now, so he just takes Tony’s hand, stroking his thumb over his palm.
Tony stops to add more oil, then sighs blissfully at how easily his cock moves against Steve’s chest. He’s radiating pure control over Steve, not hiding a bit of how much he’s enjoying this.
Steve lets out a bitter laugh. So, his body thinks Tony will appear if he’ll just smell fuckable enough.
”So was the doctor, but stress affects hormones and – come on, honey, don’t make me explain the science to
Tony leaves and Steve keeps concentrating on his breathing, fighting to steady it. He wipes his face with his hand, his shoulders still shaking. He’s come back to his senses enough that he can hear everything happening in the kitchen, the fridge being opened and the microwave starting. Tony is chatting softly to Kieran to calm him, and it calms Steve too, through his bond with Kieran but also just listening to Tony’s voice.
“I…” Steve starts, not looking into Tony’s eyes. Tony’s brow furrows compassionately, and he wants to stop Steve right there, to let him not have to say what he’s going to. But he holds himself back, his hand stroking Steve’s arm instead as he waits for him to continue. “I’m afraid, I guess.”
It’s a sure-fire way to make Steve stop, and he rests his head back down, letting Tony pull out of his mouth and take a breath too.
Tony’s voice stops Steve mid thought, and he realises Tony has removed his tongue from him. His hand is caressing Steve’s bottom soothingly.
?” Steve says, mostly to himself. Perhaps it’s this body that’s making him so sick of himself, making it impossible for him to function like a good omega should.
about sex, and as Steve’s experience in the subject is still based on stories heard in the foxhole and Google, Tony makes it clear that there’s no need for them to rush into it. Eventually, the time comes for that, too, and afterwards Steve knows that he isn’t going to regret it for a second. Few things in life are perfect, but that first time with Tony is damn close to that.
”That’s it”, Tony says, his hands slowly moving lower, pressing those sweet spots that send signals all the way down to Steve’s toes. ”Just relax, baby. When I’m finished you’ll be nothing but a rag doll. Then” – his thumb brushes under the line of the skirt like on accident – ”and only then, I will slip my cock under that skirt and fuck you like the sweet slut you are.”
Then there are days when Tony wonders if he’s destined to go mad one day; if some unfortunate, unforeseeable day he’ll just lose it. He can’t imagine what it would actually entail in his case, but chances are it would be unpleasant for everyone involved.
”I’m going to be honest with you, Steve. It doesn’t look good. The nano-machines have managed to stop the bleeding, but the internal damage is bad.” Bruce looks at him sympathetically.
When Steve grabs his half-hard cock into his hand and starts to stroke it, Tony lets out a small, whiny noise. He reaches down to push his underwear properly out of the way, then shifts a little closer to Steve, kissing his throat.
When he’s gone, Steve ransacks through the box, finding the toy he’d used before placed back inside it. He can’t muster up any shame for the realisation that his friends must have collected the toys after him earlier.
Too shocked to even cry, Steve sits on the sofa, unmoving, until FRIDAY informs him that Emmett has woken up. That rattles him back to reality, and he’s so grateful for the twins right now; without them, Steve wouldn’t have seen himself moving from the sofa until Tony comes back, be it days or weeks.
Steve gives him a warm smile. ”I’m happy to hear that. Does this mean I’ll finally get to sleep next to you?”
An innocent little burp finally informs Steve that it’s time to let Kieran go back to sleep. He still holds him for a while more before laying him back to the crib gently, and after, he stays leaned down, petting Kieran’s tiny arms until Tony’s voice gets his attention.
Thor’s aim had been to merely curse Steve with ’bad fertility’ for some time, but it’s clear that what he’s ended up doing is worse than that.
His alpha really was gorgeous. Steve loved his dark hair and eyes more than he could ever put into words, and he loved the wrinkles in the corners of Tony’s eyes when he smiled, loved the soft body hair on his stomach, loved the feeling of his cock inside of him. All of him.
”Take care of you, hmh?” he said, slipping his finger back into Steve’s mouth, molding his lower lip out of shape. Steve nodded, sucking at the finger, not letting go of Tony’s eyes for a second.
Steve doesn’t know where Tony is. Strange hasn’t returned either, and Steve has no idea what has happened after they left Earth, no idea if Tony’s still alive or not. The bond hasn’t helped Steve even though he has tried until his head’s begun to ache. If Tony’s still out there somewhere, he’s too far for the emphatic connection to work. It’s a fifty-fifty chance, really, and there’s nothing that Steve can do besides hoping that someone will find Tony alive and bring him home.
“No, it’s not”, Tony objects. He sighs, trying to figure out how to express his feelings to Steve. He wants to tell him how afraid he is for them, how angry he is at himself, but it’s just not coming out.
”No, I’m not”, he said, offering his hand to Tony, who took it and lifted himself up. Steve studied his balance briefly, but it seemed that Tony wasn’t too medicated not to walk on his own. They made their way to the bathroom.
”What if the alpha can’t control themselves? I might not exactly put up a fight”, Steve says, then adds quietly: ”Or vice versa.”
Steve’s instantly back awake. He doesn’t know if’s he’s more afraid that it isn’t Tony or that it is.
Her voice doesn’t sound very reassuring. Steve looks at her wildly, trying to comprehend what’s happening. Then he realises that the spot beside him is empty.
Later, when Peter’s left, Steve’s washing dishes when Tony appears behind him and wraps his arms around him.
Condemning himself to the lowest level of hell, Tony starts climbing the stairs up from the workshop. He’s not nearly sober yet, and he supports his weight to the railing, every step carefully considered.
Months go by. When they’d finally begun to get enough from making up for the lost time, Steve’s heat had started and made them bound to the bed for days again. To say that those days had been intense would be an understatement. Something that had started as a lust ridden utterance from Tony before the heat, had turned into a serious conversation and finally manifested into reality during Steve’s heat. That something had definitely added a whole new level to the experience, as if all that they’d been through wouldn’t have been enough to make them hungry and desperate for each other to the point of Tony not eating for two days and Steve not washing for four.
The sudden pulling away combined with Emmett’s interruption makes a tiny, territorial growl escape Steve. His hand flies to his mouth, the look on his eyes ashamed as Tony turns his attention back to him.
Steve looks at himself, and sure enough, he can see the strain on his features. His muscles are tense, all over his body, and he can’t relax them quick enough before the whip lands on his skin again.
Steve’s hand reaches to frame Tony’s face, to fondle Tony’s ear and the back of his head. ”I thought I’d lost you. I
After the initial string of noises and incoherent cussing, Tony actually clicked his tongue out of frustration. Steve was being way too gentle, sinking into him slowly and carefully. But the click of tongue was effective; Steve rewarded it with burying the rest of his cock to the hilt in one robust movement. Tony’s body objected to it, trying to jerk away reflexively, but Steve steadied his hip with a strong hand and kept him in place. Yeah, before making bitching sounds Tony might’ve considered the fact that Steve’s cock was just as enhanced as everything else about him or put more simply; huge.
”Don’t let them touch me, Nat. Not even if I beg for it, not unless it really becomes a matter of life and death. Promise me.”
They stay like that for a long time. Eventually Steve’s shoulders stop shaking, his breath starting to even, until Tony finally feels like it’s okay to speak.
”I realise that. You don’t necessarily have to have sex with the person – if you can manage that – but you’ll need an alpha’s presence. Their scent will ease your state.”
”I have read your contract and signed it. But it wasn’t really needed – your state does not affect me and I’m more than capable of overpowering you physically if I have to”, Thor tells him simply, and his voice does not falter for a single syllable, no colour rises to his cheeks.
Although finishing a little behind, Tony’s the one to recover first. He mouths Steve’s shoulder as the omega keeps quivering and letting out satisfied noises from being knotted. Steve knows just as well as Tony that he might be catching already.
”Alpha”, Steve croaks instantly. His voice is hardly audible, but his body becomes alive quickly as it senses the pheromones in the air.
Steve gets to feed the babies before they’re taken away for washing. Tony is welcomed to assist the midwife in the task, and Steve watches him from the bed, a tired smile on his face. Tony’s found his voice again, and he’s showering the little ones with words of endearment, his hands impossibly gentle as he cleans them.
Tony didn’t as much as stir when Steve then settled back onto the bed and pulled him gently but firmly into his embrace. He made sure that Tony was comfortably covered under the blanket from his toes to his shoulders before pressing his nose into Tony’s nape.
Steve’s body keeps jerking for a long time until, finally, the feeling of Tony petting his hair starts to take priority. Reality begins to emerge from under his post-coital haze, and he turns his face to eye the painful-looking claims on Tony’s skin. He’s not sure what he feels, doesn’t know what he
But letting that magnificent, ruthless, beautiful thing between them go? Giving up on the love of his life?
With the last remains of his cognition, Steve forces himself to meet his own eyes in the mirror. With a few more hard thrusts Tony’s bringing him over the edge, and as Steve wails so loudly that he’s practically screaming, beginning to spill all over the floor, Tony slows down to draw his orgasm out with long enough thrusts to make him insane. But Steve feels no shame at how his face twists from the white, perfect heat that takes over his body and mind completely, no shame about the wetness that pushes into his eyes just because it feels so
No more mistakes, he decides, screwing the bottle cap back on and putting the bottle away. He tells FRIDAY to close the shop and leaves before he can start second guessing himself.
”Promise me that every time you have those nightmares, every time you feel that fear, you’ll tell me. Promise me, and I’ll promise that whatever you do or say, wherever we end up, be it centuries or lightyears apart, I will
”It’s obviously hurting you, Tony. It’s hurting me. And if…” Steve takes a shaky breath, looking away. ”If you can’t forgive me, I think it would be for the best. I don’t want to, but –”
Disappointment hits Steve as he begins to wait for his punishment. Maybe he could do this if he wasn’t a super sensitive freak. Although, then he’d be the little, ugly runt he used to –
Steve stares at the babies, only really waking up now, and he freezes. He knows the next step is picking Kieran up, but he can’t do it. Something’s keeping him from moving, and he’s just stuck staring, panic rising inside of him. His throat feels tight, and it’s hard to breathe. The crying is becoming deafening in his ears as he tries to gasp for more air, the world starting to blur around him. He can feel Kieran’s distress through the bond; his baby needs him and he doesn’t do anything, suddenly doesn’t know how, doesn’t know what to do, he’s gonna drop him if he picks him up –
. Tony wouldn’t, right? He is a saint, after all. Still, Steve has no intention to risk it, so he closes his eyes and thinks of nothing, of anything, until Tony’s voice calls him back to reality.
”Tony”, he says, his tone needy for more. It’s always hard to resist Steve’s begging, but right now Tony finds it especially difficult. He decides to see if he can use it.
Tony turns around to face Steve, who tries to look back casually, sucking his lower lip and raising his brows like they’ve encountered merely a slightly uncomfortable obstacle. But Tony can feel his nervousness, the fear of being rejected flowing through the seams of the bond.
”You’re doing so good, baby”, Tony told him, his eyes fluttering open as his hand traveled lower to palm Steve’s ass.
Steve finds it incredibly soothing, even more so when Tony’s hands find his tied wrists and rub them gently. The cuffs are so high-tech that it’s near impossible to get bad blood circulation wearing them, and Tony knows that too. It’s more of a way to check in, and it doesn’t fail to make Steve smile.
He shifts his body so that he’s able to bring his lips to Steve’s, to whom a kiss after the pain and teasing feels like life itself being breathed into him. Steve shivers, letting out a broken sound and parting his lips hopefully. Tony accepts the invitation and slips his tongue into Steve’s mouth.
”And today, when you told me about the heat, I thought about it, and I’m not. I promise, Steve. I’m not angry anymore.”
Tony settled onto his side, and for a start Steve just spooned him. He kissed Tony’s nape and brought his hand down to caress his stomach.
Tony was right. When Steve lifts his face he can see that his eyes are red, the tears hardly dried on his cheeks.
Hearing the pain in Steve’s voice, Bucky wants to be able to reassure him that his alpha won’t leave him, but what does he know. Stark could be drafting the papers with his lawyers as they speak.
He has no idea where Tony’s gone. He could always ask FRIDAY, and she would tell him unless Tony has specifically forbidden it. The mansion and the premises are so huge that Tony could very well still be around somewhere, but Steve doubts that, considering that the bond feels almost completely silent. He doesn’t ask FRIDAY, either, because it doesn’t really matter in the end. It’s not like he’s planning to go after him. Tony had made his wish not to see him clear.
”It’s okay. I understand”, Steve finally says. He sounds broken and Tony hates it. He’s so angry at the universe for putting Steve through this in addition to everything else. Them both, really.
Steve looks from the stranger to Bruce – it’s definitely Bruce – warily. Kieran reaches for Steve’s face, most probably as a sign that he doesn’t like this, and Steve shifts his head to not get a finger into his eye. Strange’s eyes catch the small movement, turning from Tony to Steve.
Steve’s hips had stopped moving, and when he began thrusting again, Tony whined into his mouth. Steve took his hand and pushed it gently against the mattress, entwining their fingers together.
”Good job”, he joked warmly into his ear, his voice now clear and void of the urgency. ”You did good, alpha.” He sighed, sounding satisfied, his fingertip traveling along Tony’s spine unhurriedly.
Steve’s eyes flick up to Tony’s face at the realization, his cheeks flaming. He’s going to get titty-fucked. While wearing a skirt. And stockings. And –
Tony’s other hand lets go of Steve’s, and there’s a click as he frees himself from his seatbelt. Steve’s breath shivers as Tony kisses the line of his jaw softly, then his neck. His hand tangles into Tony’s hair, messes it up as Tony begins to make him dizzy with the sweet, teasing kisses he plants.
Eventually, he dozes off just to wake up two hours later as Tony comes in. Steve stares at the wall, the anger having not faded a single bit despite the sleep. It’s almost worse now, when he’s been wrenched back into a living nightmare from the peace of sleep.
Steve’s shoulders tremble, and Tony doesn’t have to hear him let out a sob to know that he’s crying, but he does.
For what feels like a long time, Steve just stares at him, and Tony can’t seem to stop himself from shivering. When Steve finally closes the space between them and wraps his arms around Tony, Tony has quickly pressed himself as close as possible just to get a grasp of reality by holding onto Steve.
Steve does. Just being near Emmett must be incredibly soothing for Tony. To feel the bond clearly, to know that at least the other one of their children is still here, still breathing calmly in his sleep just a few feet away from him.
It’s Steve - of course it’s Steve, it’s always fucking Steve. Something’s wrong with him, and the bond is picking at Tony’s nerves like it’s on fire, screaming at him, demanding his body to respond. Tony sips at his drink, his hand shaking.
Who cared if Tony died of a heart attack if it happened like this? Besides, Tony had only himself to blame – Steve hadn’t learned all of this from his non-existent sex education class back in the 1930’s.
As Steve tries to crawl onto the bed, he’s pulled down so that he ends up face against the mattress, and more importantly, over the knee on Tony’s lap. He inhales sharply, this time quite sure he’s guessing right what’s coming, and tries to relax despite the anticipation bubbling under his skin. How was this called a “punishment”, exactly?
”No”, he admits, his brain ticking. Maybe there’s something in the medical bay that’ll give him a clue what’s been going on with Steve, like notes or test results. He shifts to get up from his chair, then turns back to Pepper. ”When was this?”
Steve was asleep. Tony huffed at the realization, but a soft smile crept onto his face. Heat took a huge amount of energy, and Steve excelled at saving his up for when it was needed – like a couple of hours later from now to wake Tony up to knot him again.
“I see that. I guess I have a place to start, but I still don’t know how to tell him about me being bisexual. I feel bad now for keeping it a secret.”
Director Stark: Because you like him like you like MJ and not entirely sure how to process that. Please don’t lie to yourself. It’s annoying.
Anthony: So are you in the country that has WHLN? More importantly are you somewhere where you can turn on the TV?
"And then the bad guy showed me a video file of Steve's brainwashed and crazy best friend murdering my mom and dad."
Me: Said warhead was stolen with the use of my father’s tech from the ATCU facility in March, which makes me feel all nauseous inside. That’s another thing that never made the news.
“Fitz?” Tony asked, probably too afraid to ask why his friend was not available. Although, Steve would like to believe that this AI would tell Tony if his friend was missing.
Tony: I am going last. One of the board members is currently talking about the glory days of Howard’s genius a.k.a. all the weapons design and mass murder. I don’t even think dad was proud of that. He always drank himself into a coma on August 6.
Ana Jr.: That was a protocol initially created to help Steve Rogers acclimate to the 21st-century. I'm glad a new use was found for the protocol. Nothing happened to my big sister Friday. You met her last night. She now goes by the name Afia Stark-Rogers.
”That’s right, baby. Let it go. I’m here”, Tony fuels him, his words coming out more possessive than he meant for them to. For Steve it seems to work, though, because he palms Tony’s ass, trying to pull him even closer.
”It’s still Friday. You’ve been out for ten hours or so”, Thor says. Steve had assumed that he’s asleep, but evidently, he’s not.
Tony shuffled into bed and Steve followed, discreetly helping Tony a little to get under the covers.
”All right”, the therapist says before Steve can even begin to get over the shock from Tony’s words. He can’t believe Tony’s actually gone there, after what he just told him this Friday about his feelings on the subject. Only sheer power of will keeps Steve from storming off the session.
As Tony’s hand lands lightly onto his skin again, Steve lets out a little, eager hum. He’s desperate for Tony to fuck him, to be rough with him, but again, it is not his place to want. It seems he might be in luck, though, because next, he hears Tony open a bottle of lube and soon Tony’s finger is entering him again, gentle now.
”Me? I’m fabulous. Look at me”, he says sarcastically, his tongue turning heavily in his mouth. Before Steve can say anything Tony doesn’t want to hear, he continues, pointing his finger vaguely up at the source of the music: ”Hey, wanna be my ’somebody’?”
Steve didn’t miss a beat. He let Tony’s finger fall out of his mouth, kissing the side of his palm instead.
He’s not okay. Between his own doubts and the worried looks Steve keeps giving him on the rare occasions Tony emerges from the workshop, Tony does consider the possibility that he has gone John Nash. After all, he’d been wondering if it would happen, him going insane.
”I have. Last September. You were the size of a small house at that point so I forgive you for not taking note.”
Steve does his everything, but he is useless, powerless against this threat. And he’s afraid, so afraid.
”Surviving?” Steve repeats after him. To his woozy mind the doctor sounds annoyingly cryptic. What is the man trying to say? Steve certainly isn’t happy about this, but he’s never had any health problems during heat after the serum.
”How much I hate your singing voice. ‘You don’t know how much I hate your singing voice.’ That’s what I was gonna say.”
As soon as the thought came to him he felt an electric feedback strike him through his bond with Steve, like Steve had felt him thinking. An even more obvious sign of Steve sensing his thoughts was the way he let his weight balance on the leg he had over Tony and climbed astride him, nuzzling his face against Tony’s chest.
Besides Reed, the only scientist Tony can think of turning to is Hank Pym. Despite the fact that Starks and Pym notoriously haven’t been on the best of terms, Pym has always been one of the few living scientists that Tony respects. Too bad that Hank Pym isn’t living anymore, and neither is Hope van Dyne or Scott Lang.
There’s a knock on the door, and Steve turns to face it in hopes of the incomer perhaps having Emmett with them. He averts his eyes when he sees Nat step inside alone, aware of how reddened and swollen his eyes must be from the crying.
Tony crouches next to him, his hand coming up to pet Steve’s hair affectionately, and Steve lets his eyes fall shut, wanting nothing but to just lean into Tony’s lap. Tony lets him take a moment, his fingers continuing to comb through Steve’s hair soothingly until the tears start drying on his face.
He’s almost all the way in when Steve gives a little whine, making Tony freeze. Steve stares at the ceiling and Tony knows that the whine wasn’t from pleasure. He feels a drop in his stomach.
It ends up being a big mistake, and even though Steve is able to tell that quite early on, for some reason he lets it happen. He begins to feel disconnected from the twins, eventually not wanting to even get up to feed them. A stranger is coming to his territory and taking care of his babies, and even though Tony is endlessly kind and caring towards him, Steve feels tossed to the side. He starts to convince himself that after giving birth, his children haven’t really been his anymore and will never be. What’s the point of getting up if they don’t need him? Often, he catches himself hoping that he was still pregnant, the lives growing inside of him undeniably his, and Tony’s, who is crazy about him and those two little lives that get their heartbeat from Steve.
For a while there was nothing else in Tony’s mind except the hot, desperate pressure of Steve’s walls.
Technically, Steve was still sick after a nightmarish heat had took hold of him when Tony had been stranded in space after the first snap. The heat had threatened to kill him, and after drastic measures had had to be taken to save him, Steve’s reproductive system was still a mess. At first, penetrative sex had also been incredibly painful for him, but that at least had been gradually easing now.
Steve doesn’t bother to confirm, of course he knows. Demonstrating that, he fixes his posture and looks down to the floor, expectant. Tony stands before him and reaches to tilt his chin up with a finger, but Steve keeps his eyes off of him.
She succeeds to calm him down enough that he somehow gets through ‘til it’s Friday again. Tony’s been away for a whole week when Steve gets out of the car in front of the therapist’s building, waving his hand at Happy, and goes in. He treks the stairs to the fourth floor and opens the door to find Tony sitting in the waiting room.
Steve wants the pictures to stay on display. That is the only thing Tony thinks of when he crouches down to pick up the picture and pushes it back under the magnet neatly.
Steve doesn’t answer, just grins slightly, looking so endearing that Tony could eat him. But he has other things in mind, so he hops out of the tub, Steve following him to the shower. As soon as he’s got the water running and they are both standing under the stream, Tony pulls Steve into a passionate kiss.
Eventually, Happy arrives and she leaves with him, bidding Steve a nice day. The car has already driven off when Steve remembers that he is, in fact, annoyed as hell. He takes his phone and tries calling Tony but gets only the voicemail. So, he sits down next to the twins who are lying on a play mat and writes Tony a message. It’s rather outspoken at first, but in the end Steve wipes most of it away so that it just reads: ”You could’ve asked whether I needed Joanna here or not. Please don’t put me in a situation like that again. I can manage Kit and Emmy.”
Tony leans down, reaching around his hips for his belt, and Steve assists him, both of their hands working hastily on it. As soon as they get it open, Tony pulls the trousers down along with the boxers underneath and works all of it completely off as fast as possible. Steve breathes thinly, not daring to look behind him. He just lies still, bare and ready for the taking.
“My situation is different. I was more active in my bad choice, but it doesn’t matter now.” Natasha tells him with a sad smile. “Anyway, we need to talk about what happened in Germany and Siberia.”
The new consultant: I wouldn't consider boyfriend sharing with somebody who wasn't at least a Level 3. Even Ned is just level 2.
Chief mechanic: That reminds me that Aunt May is going to Malta with Ms. Marvel’s family because things will get dangerous very soon. I would like them out of the blast zone. It won't change things if the snap happens, but Yo-Yo prime died during the battle in the other timeline. I would like to avoid more of those sorts of casualties.
Counselor Laura: Also, Friday received a bunch of files from my timeline's Shield. As the director, you probably need to look at them anyway.
Tony: I’m hoping it’s the latter. Because I would really like for us to live in the same country and I don’t want to spent 4 years in charge of an agency and not get you back in the country. Although, maybe I can convince President Ellis to pardon you as he is walking out the door. You guys really saved the U.S. a lot by freeing that American.
Me: I’m team competent person who is not xenophobic. Considering my name is the best on the short list for the new Shield director, it’s not looking good.
I had lunch with Ms. Watson earlier and went over my contract with the Avengers Initiative. I can’t believe you’re paying me almost triple my current salary. And that’s not including the housing and a tutor for [Redacted]. You don’t have to do that, but I appreciated.
Monkey lover 2: I know. I’m starting to think that I didn’t need to do this to prevent that. The only good thing that has come out of this is punching Radcliffe.
BITC: Holy shit! What happened Friday? Benji just said he accidentally took his mask off in front of Flash.
“I think we were lying to ourselves before thinking that if we just undid the snap, everything would be fixed, but…”
Anthony: I think the fact that you want to somehow make me feel better is helping in some way. Sometimes, just knowing you’re not alone helps.
Purple Princess: Because he was worried about me. I’m glad you did this on the secure line. Friday, we had two different alien invasions. One you’ve probably seen parts of on Twitter involving the Asgardians contingent.
Nomad: I'm not sure if Anthony still likes me like that because of what happened. I don’t even really like myself right now.
Anthony: Maybe Clint is sort of a friend in a ‘thank you for joining forces with your nemesis to rescue my wife from the clutches of the bastard’ sort of way.
Red phone: Sometimes I think you are. You don’t look out for yourself. You’re not bulletproof. You can die. I’m already a fucked up mess. If you leave me, I will probably go full super villain self-destruct. I don’t think the world can take that.
Oh God. I’ll talk to him the next time he contacts me. It’s his turn. Sometimes he really does act like a kid. I blame starting college at 14.
“You’re such a caring boyfriend already.” MJ joked as she left. Flash will not acknowledge that he actually likes it when she refers to him as Peter’s boyfriend. Not that it will ever happen, but it’s a happy thought.
Counselor Laura: It’s okay. I’ve been married to a spy for a long time. I’ve done this before. The reason why I’m contacting you is because the emergency criteria has been met.
Rogers: No, it was just a hunch, especially when you refer to yourself as Tony’s sobriety companion.
It is now time for more art by the fabulous Misaky0. It’s been forever since we’ve had an art chapter, but this one has been in the making for a while. Remember way back during “in person conversation 6: Fight the Break of Dawn” Steve hid a letter in Tony’s luggage. It took the idiot a while to find it, but he finally did. For those of you reading this on fanfiction.net I suggest checking out the version of the story on archive of our own for the artwork.
“Okay. You know that I retired after Morgan was born. I did that because I didn’t want to be Howard. He always put Stark Industries first, or at least that’s what I thought at the time. We probably have to go through those files from the other timeline when we're not in the middle of operation keep away. But if I could change anything, it would actually be Howard being around.”
"Because, of course, the howling commando widows and children will be there." Tony is not surprised, nor is he going to complain.
“Do you think that maybe by divorcing you, May is letting go of agent once and for all? You won’t be her buffer anymore?” Tony asked.
The new consultant: Because your dad was a homophobic asshole and unfortunately, you internalized his toxic behavior.
Continuity notes regarding other MCU shows: Cloak and Dagger takes place before the timeline divided and therefore all of that takes place in this universe. Right now it looks like nothing is going to contradict this story.
Nomad: That only works if he knows we have been in contact. You said that you cover your tracks well and Sharon said she couldn’t even get Friday to give her access to the real transcripts for the investigation, even when Laura tried to authorize.
Tony: Although that’s mostly because the biggest superhero fuck up was caused by me with not one ounce of superpowers. So I guess I should be proud that my stupidity is keeping people with powers from having their civil rights stripped away, in the U.S. at least.
Me: Because the board would like for it to come out on a holiday weekend to do as little damage possible to the stocks. Also, Jane is a miracle worker. However, that gives us time to cash in on the seeds of discontent.
“Yes. I acted so recklessly. I gave my company away to my best friend. Then I got really drunk and wrecked my house. I should’ve gone into rehab after that but didn’t.” Tony regrets that. Maybe if he was sober and working through his Howard issues when he first met Steve, things would have gone a lot better. It couldn’t have gone worse.
Anthony: I’m not even surprised you found out at the funeral. You’re right, Peggy did not have any other biological siblings, but Michael had a kid before dying, Gabriel. The poor baby wasn’t even born until after Michael died. The mother didn’t want to be a single mom so he was adopted by Peggy’s parents and raised as her brother even though she was long gone to America by then.
“You’re right, it is different. Tony is the director of the new Shield replacement agency, the advanced threat containment unit, or rather the acting director because he can’t get confirmed. Technically, it’s the ATCU but there’s still a Shield division A.k.a. the Superhuman, Inhuman, Enhanced Persons Liaison division and I’m part of that. Although I mostly work with children and teenagers with superpowers.” Laura explains.
Me: Anthony Carbonell, better known to world as Tony Stark is the only child of Maria and Howard Stark and the child of their heart of Edwin and Anna Jarvis. Tony really had four parents which was good because two of them were not as best as they could’ve been.
Tony: I’m pretty sure they’re going to try to lock me out again especially if the cover story about my Wakanda love child gets out. I’m meeting with Jane to develop the press release. We’re going to try to keep it from going public until after Thanksgiving but it’s going to have to come out eventually.
HSBF: Because if your encryption is not as good as you say, it is your best friend and my ex-girlfriend’s grandniece is going to have to read them.
Me: Phil and Clint are past the point where they can actually talk about these things, where Elizabeth is not.
Nomad: No. A romantic relationship would never work between us. We’re better off as friends. I would be the one being suffocated by her thighs.
“Okay, obviously that is real reason why you brought Sam with you. Are you trying to play Avenger matchmaker?”
Counselor Laura from 2023: You need to do that fast. Tony and Steve 2023 think that we can prevent Thanos from completing the gauntlet in your timeline by sending the stones to their timeline.
My work with Dr. Suarez, in contrast, is going a lot better. It’s okay for you to ask about that. However, it may take a few weeks for Suarez to get my medication levels right. Unfortunately, it looks like I’m going to have to be in the field now due to the current situation. Suarez isn’t happy about that. She actually suggested more than once that I leave Shield and take you up on your offer to come to SI. She thinks being in the field full time is too stressful for me. She may be right, but I can’t think about that right now.
Me: You know you don’t have to text me the moment you touch down. I can wait a few hours. I know you have a busy life.
Anthony: Although not secluded enough for you to be able to visit. I'm disappointed that Shield’s budget has gone down so dramatically that they can't even afford a good safe house in the Caribbean.
Tony’s also right. Steve hasn’t trusted him. He hasn’t talked about his lingering fears, of the nightmares he sees where Tony leaves him, of the slight panic he still gets every time Tony takes a little bit longer to answer the phone. Somewhere deep inside, he’s been living in a constant fear that he could lose everything in a heartbeat, and he hasn’t said anything.
”I was afraid”, Tony admits, and he looks so fragile, having lost so much weight. Just like with Emmett, Steve isn’t sure how he’ll ever let Tony out of his sight again. ”I couldn’t sense anything through the bond.”
So he held it, grunting against Tony’s temple from the effort as he continued to thrust into him until the alpha started to come down.
For a while it had looked like they weren’t ever going to get the chance again, and Tony had been fine with that. But Steve, as happy as he’d been to have their family back, hadn’t been fine. He’d done his best to accept it, but Tony had been able to tell that he was suffering. Although his pains had vanished completely after a few months, making them able to enjoy each other without the fear of them, for four years they’d believed that Steve’s fertility had been lost for good.
Whitney sings about chasing her blues away, and Tony enthusiastically joins her in the chorus first, but is then distracted by an unfinished project of his lying on a worktop, abandoned until not announced.
Steve’s gaze had traveled somewhere Tony hadn’t been able to follow it, and his voice had been colourless when he’d spoken. ”He was supposed to be here this week, wasn’t he?”
Weeks go by. They go back to normal in a couple of days after the lipstick ad incident, and slowly, their normal begins to get better and better. There are hardly any silent dinners anymore, and sometimes they even cook together, or watch a movie after eating.
Steve stroked Tony’s prostate with his fingers for a few times more before pulling them out, and saw how Tony bit his lip to suppress a whimper.
Steve clicks the garters in place and stands up, taking a look at himself in the mirror. The sight is jarring, and Steve has to run his hand across his face and sigh before trying again.
”My handsome, genius man”, he continued quietly. His hand kept roaming over Tony’s body possessively as he breathed into his ear.
Steve is silent for a moment, clearly swallowing his tears down. He’s lying on the floor, his hair touching Tony’s knees.
He lets go of Tony’s wrists to coax his shirt properly off. He wrings it, turning it into a makeshift tie and tightens it around Tony’s wrists so firmly that Tony gasps a little. His eyes are wide, his mouth hanging open as he tries to bring his lips back to Steve’s who pulls away, sitting up as much as possible without hitting his head to the roof. The car’s definitely quite a cramped space for a spontaneous fuck, but something about it makes Steve wild. It’s an intoxicating break from their day to day life, a little rebellion against it. Instead of being on their way home like they should, they’re about to fuck at a parking lot and Steve feels no sting in his conscience. Tony certainly doesn’t seem to mind.
Tony pulled him down to a kiss, and Steve shivered, feeling deliciously exposed against Tony’s fully clothed body. Tony’s hand curled around his neck, his thumb rubbing small circles on Steve’s collarbone. Steve leaned into the touch, wanting to feel Tony’s hands, roughened from work, everywhere.
Tony flips him roughly back onto his stomach and locks his wrists behind his back. Steve’s breath hitches as Tony kicks his legs apart.
Steve walks in to the room, greeting the therapist on his way, and takes his usual place on the sofa. He deems his alpha capable of introducing himself.
”More”, Tony muttered against the pillow, making Steve drop out of his thoughts and realize that he’d been at it for a while.
Steve nods, swallowing around the ball in his mouth, and Tony leans back, taking in the sight. ”I should take pictures of you.”
Tony wipes the most aggressively different shades of blue spot on his neck with his fingers, bringing it up to his face for inspection. His eyebrows rise as he eyes the hint of dried blood on them.
There probably isn’t a thing in the world that Tony wants more than for Steve to get that baby. Personally, Tony would prefer just the one this time, but he does want it, too. They’ve got two magnificent children already, but considering everything that had happened, Tony feels that the both of them – especially Steve, though – deserve to have another go. One without depression, without loss, without fear.
Tony wishes he could promise Steve that he won’t, that Steve could promise him the same, but none of them have luxuries like that right now. No one knows what will happen when they use the gauntlet.
Steve wants to throw something at the doctor, but the man’s already out the door while Steve’s still looking for what that something could be.
Some of you were concerned about Friday's behavior in the last conversation. The consequences will be dealt with in this conversation. This conversation takes place very soon after Friday sends everything to Steve, but I won’t say how soon because that may give things away.
Also, I suggest listening to the song Invisible. It is definitely a Tony and Steve song. I have to figure out how to do a playlist for the story. But at least on this site, I can give you a URL. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9_gWiwAWrA
Pepper pot: You know you could have sent me a text message first to let me know that you were taking our nanny away for Avenger business
Me: Well unfortunately I wasn’t exactly in a head space where talking it out would have actually worked. It was a literal case of beating sense into me.
Me: Okay. It’s possible. I will talked to Dr. Suarez. Maybe we can bring up the possibility of going public in a few months in a session with Benjamin. I will also try to get him to talk about his uncle.
BITC: That would only be possible if you’re gay or asexual. Since you dated three cheerleaders during sophomore year, I find either possibility hard to believe.
I hate to break it to you, but I was born with a target on my back. I was born a wealthy child of above average intellect whose father was in the spy game before Patches was a zygote. That just screams kidnap or kill me. They’re always going to be people who want to kill me. There’s probably a really long list. This time didn’t even involve my superhero extracurriculars. No, they wanted me dead for the money. Afghanistan wasn’t my first kidnapping and it probably won’t be my last. I’m not just going to sit around and possibly wait for it to happen.
The new consultant: The Princess would like to know if you and the others want us to come to you, or do you guys want to come down to the Wakanda Embassy section to talk? We would have more space in the suites. I saw pictures of your room and its very dystopian chic, especially with the one bed perfect for cuddling.
Skye quake: Let your boyfriend know I’m sorry about what happened the last time we met up. I was in a bad place and I’m sorry I took it out on him.
Me: If this is something you want to do, then I think it’s probably the best option. But it’s up to you. I think you should talk to Pepper at Thanksgiving, since this will affect her.
Jemma: Friday has those orders, but Ana does not. She is the AI in the other timeline. Friday is now an LMD.
Avenger Karen: No one under 18 can be referred to by their actual name on official Avengers/ATCU communications channels. However, you are no longer a minor. I will tell you he is Spidey’s friend.
TMNS: I can have more than one friend. Besides, you should not be jealous of my relationship with Flash. It’s a very different type of relationship.
Anthony: I’ll make time for you. Also, apparently, the good Senator is anti-alien because her mom died during New York. So that’s another fuck up that we are all paying for.
Steve sits up on the bed, staring after him worriedly, and then the unmistakable sound of vomiting reaches him from the bathroom. As realization slowly dawns on him, he huffs, uncertain of what his reaction should be. But when Tony doesn’t emerge from the bathroom after a few minutes, Steve gathers his courage and goes to knock on the door gently.
Steve lets his eyes fall closed. With a quiet, hardly audible voice, he begins to half sing, half mumble the song.
It takes quite a bit of concentration, but Tony makes it to the living room without tripping and breaking his neck. He heads straight to the kitchen and takes some painkillers, sinking them down with at least a quarter of a gallon of cold water. Steve must be so mad at him, he thinks, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
”No, don’t stop, baby, don’t stop”, Tony urges him on, his hips now meeting the backs of Steve’s thighs each time he sinks his ass back down on his cock.
”Fuck”, he cursed, feeling how the pleasure started instantly tightening in his lower stomach at the increased stimulation. Steve was making a continuous, whimpering noise, and Tony’s eyes again traveled over his omega’s body greedily.
It’s silent for a long time. Tony caresses Steve’s arm, his breath warm on Steve’s skin, and slowly, Steve begins to feel calmer. The anxious pressure in his throat eases, the tears dry on his face. He realises how good Tony smells, his scent practically sedating. As he opens his mind to the bond, there’s nothing but protective, uncomplicated love coming through. Tony’s weight feels safe on top of him, like being wrapped in a warm blanket. Steve reaches for Tony’s arm and pulls it under his head, taking his hand into his own. He presses his lips to Tony’s wrist and feels him kiss his shoulder in response.
”Yeah, and guess what? Captain America also ate my neck so bad that I’ll be wearing a scarf ’til summer.”
And then Tony’s mouth is on him, his tongue drawing a line that follows Steve’s perineum up, and Steve shudders, his mind going blank, a filthy moan leaving him. But Tony stops just before his hole and steers his mouth to his ass cheeks instead, nipping them one after the other. Soon his tongue continues to tease downwards again, brushing the edges of where Steve wants it, teases and teases but doesn’t go quite there. When Tony mouths his cheeks again, a hungry snarl rumbling out of his throat, Steve whimpers, his breath short, and he just wants
