"But I like the brown one too-" his face is distraught, "-but-" he looks down at his shoes and Castiel crouches down in front of him.
done much- his bucket list would probably run ten pages long of all the things he'd love to do before he died. "Love it-" he says, now helping with the final few grocery bags.
Castiel rolls his eyes and Bobby gets himself a second cup of coffee- going to bed any time soon to catch up on some
His face lights up instantly and reaches inside for the burger he had mentioned wanting the previous week. "Thanks-" he grins before unwrapping the small burger and taking a large bite. The guard leaves them alone after instructing them to be back in their bunks for count in half an hour. The teen devours the beef burger and even licks his fingers when he's done because it's probably the last one he'll get in a long time.
Dean has his bottom lip caught between his teeth, breathing harshly through his nose- he's watching his cock plunge in and out of Castiel's hole. They're both surprised he's lasted this long his first time being a top.
"What-" the man smiles down at him. "Cat got your tongue?" his tone of voice is calm, deep and soothing.
bubbles in his stomach, he wishes he had the energy to eat a full meal- who knows how long it's been.
He hadn’t seen Dea- Mr. Winchester in a few weeks and hasn’t heard from him in far longer. Sigh… He felt like cuddling and making out with someone. Dean...
The teen must have looked like a confused puppy because the woman smiles warmly before escorting him down several halls without saying a word. He's following this random nurse blindly down the extremely bright halls for what feels like eternity when he suddenly remembers why he's even there in the first place.
-" then there's a moment of silence. "Since I started eating more, I get-" the conversation is hard for him to continue but does so anyway. "I get backed up, alright?"
"I dont know." He says honestly, his fingers brushing through Dean's short hair because he knows he loves it. "Go to sleep, I'll watch over you."
Castiel is a mature adult so no offense is taken, simply keeps drinking his beverage. "I suppose it will be strange-" there's a minute or two of silence between them, most likely because they're both thinking about the topic at hand.
Eventually Castiel bursts through those double doors to the waiting room, "Finally-" he groans impatiently, lifting his arms up expectantly.
John asks, "You okay?" and his tone is one of concern because it never takes him this long to recover from sex.
"Dean-" he comes closer, "-I'm sorry about what-" Dean's not listening. "Would you feel better if you punched me? I know how much you like doing that-"
"He's my step dad and no, I live with my uncle right now. So you wanna come over?" He nods, taking the invitation. "Awesome." Dean looks over at the door to see that Castiel is already there waiting for him. "Gotta go, see ya." he throws the rest of his cookies away and exits the classroom.
On the way home he stops by Starbucks for his usual iced coffee and he was going to need it because he had to get Dean ready and take him out to get candy even though he was beyond exhausted. "Dean!" he shouts casually as he steps through the front door, "I'm home!"
The park was empty of course so it was just them and the twinkling stars above which they both could see through the window. The music on the radio was soft and it was almost romantic except for the fact that this little outing wasn't a date whatsoever. Dean should have been scared because it was getting so late now, almost ten in the evening and if he was scared, he wasn't showing it.
Castiel doesn't want to send him to his room so he invites him to get in, "Come on-" he gets under the covers and allows the boy to get under them too. "We'll take a nap while we wait for your dad-" Dean nods, instantly yawning into his hand. Castiel closes his eyes, ready to sleep when he feels the boy using his chest as a pillow. It feels weird, really weird but he liked it- he envied John of this, he had a child to love him and he was missing out because he enjoyed time at the bar more than time at home.
Dean whimpers softly and it's so pretty, it eggs him on and the tip of his tongue slips out. Unfortunately it seems to spook him because he gasps, almost as if choking under water.
Dean nodded silently. Half an hour later they stood outside Castiels door, "This is it." Dean asked, not expecting an answer. Castiel nodded then smiled after a minute "Maybe we got off on the wrong foot." They searched eachothers eyes. Green and blue.
Dean sits down at the table, watching the older man crack a few eggs into a sizzling pan. "Noticed what?"
Everything except for the pie is ready when Dean wakes up, he walks into the kitchen and sits down. He's quite proud of him- he hasn't had to beg the teen to eat in a while he's doing it on his own. "How was work?" he asks sleepily.
Bobby nods, "Guess nothin' wrong with a little kissin'-" when the teen begins to smile, "I want supervised visits, if ya wanna see each other-" he's chewing his food, "Then ya gotta do it where I can see. And no makin' out, don't wanna see that-"
The teen didn't need to go right then, just wanted some space to pull himself together after such an emotional day. His eyes threaten to well up with tears once again as he stares at his reflection in the mirror above the sink that wasn't really a mirror, it was a reflective scrap of metal on the wall the size of a picture frame. His eyes were red, green in the center and his face was pale, aside from his cheeks which were flushed from all the crying he'd done.
"Don't worry- I will, when you get better." he whispers against his skin. "I better get our stuff ready so we can head back-" Dean groans again, "Love you, baby." He hatefully watches the older man pack up their things- he wishes they didn't have to go back so soon. While checking out Castiel turns to him, "I promise we'll do more things together, maybe next time we'll go camping- something fun."
The next morning, Dean opens his eyes to find the man still asleep next to him and reaches over to check his phone. There was nothing from his uncle, maybe because now he's technically legal and there's no use in telling him what to do or when to get his ass home. The teen rolls over and begins kissing on the mans neck to get him to wake up, though his cock seems to perk up first.
"I'll figure something out-" he lets him go and goes to the fridge to pull out things to make sandwiches with, "I'll get a job at another hospital if I have to-or we could move-" he shrugs as he's listing possible outcomes, possible solutions to their problem.
Tonight is no different than previous nights and they are laid up in bed with their dog wedged between them. It's beyond amazing to be laid up like this together but Castiel still wishes they had already gotten married and were moving on to bigger things but his boyfriend is young so extra patience is needed.
A few days later, after Castiel was still avoiding him like he had chicken box Dean decided to make peace. He knocked on his door, a cup of tea balancing on his palm. No answer. He opened the door a little to peek inside, there he was. In bed, laying on his side with his laptop open beside him. "What." Was all he said without bothering to see who just came in his room.
"Cas-" his voice trembles. The panties are at his knees now and it looks like the guy is going to suck his dick. "Cas, I-" and his dick is now inside a very warm, wet mouth. "
Together they get the Camaro hooked up to the tow truck and Dean drives them the short distance to the diner, though because of the cargo in back- he ends up parking farther than he normally would.
Castiel looks around the room, not finding anything- he's got to think of something fast if he wants to keep the teen in the house a bit longer. "Mind sweeping the leaves off the porch?"
"Sure." The doctor stands, checking his vitals once more. "Since you don't have insurance, I'm not going to keep you here over night-"
The man laughs wholeheartedly now, "Baby-" peels the younger body away from him in order to look into those bright green eyes. "You don't need to say it, I know-" sighs, "I've always known-"
The sound Dean made was something he had only ever heard in porn before. Castiel loved it. He needed to hear more of that,
Dean's own eyes begin to water, "I'm hurting-" and shakes his head. "I told you, if we did somethin' I'd only be using you-"
Castiel gives his ass a squeeze and Dean blushes. After a moment he says, "I'm sorry, for everything."
This isn't some back street perv that will go away when it's over and give him a few bills. Castiel is always going to stay after, well, for the next two years.
"Dean-" he says carefully, going down on one knee in order to be at eye level with the prettiest greens.
"Bobby?" Dean's looking up at him with concern in his eyes because his uncle didn't look angry anymore- he looked sick. The man was pale as a ghost and his lips were dry looking. "Bobby-" he stands up before his uncle goes down on one knee, "Bobby!" he crouches down again, "What's wrong?"
Castiel wasn't convinced on it until Dean says the name is perfect because he's got blue eyes just like he does.
Dean sits on the edge of the bed, not knowing how to feel- he feels horrible but a part of him is excited to be with Jack. "Everything's fucked up-" he sighs out loud to the empty bedroom.
When a comfortable pace is established, Castiel begins to enjoy it and groans into the pillow with pleasure.
He wasn't entirely sure he liked it, intense feelings of any kind is something he doesn't enjoy and because of it, he's feeling a lot more
After lazily making out for a few minutes they happen to fall asleep and when they wake up in the morning, they continue their lazy kissing session until they have to get up for the day. Luckily Castiel had the day off but it wasn't something to celebrate since he wouldn't really be able to spend it all with his love because Dean had to sneak into Bobby's and pretend he'd been there the whole night.
Sam nods, right then a big looking guard comes out from two double doors. "Dean Winchester-" he's holding up a clipboard.
Dean sat next to Castiel after his shower, not waking him and decided to keep watch for a while. His eyes go from watching his step dad sleep peacefully next to him- to the weather girl on the screen. He wouldn't admit it but the weather girl was hot, he leans back and enjoys watching her prance around the screen- pointing at the map of the county they were in. His gaze shifts down, he's got a boner popping up in his boxers. The floorboards rattle again and instantly the boner is gone.
Dean looks down in humiliation, "Are you gonna be with him?" and the question sounds stupid coming from his mouth.
Dean's palms press against his eyes as if that would somehow stop the tears, it doesn't. It's not clear how long he spent knelt down, crying over the cat. The spell is broken as soon as he catches a glimpse of Castiel's car driving down the road. Bobby was coming home today, he was coming right
gave it to him, he's sure of it but he doesn't care. He can lie and say some chick gave it to him. He pulls away- "You wanna?" he looks him up and down with one hand sneaking it's way down his scrub pants.
"Take a shower with me-" Castiel says, slapping his sweaty thigh before he gets up. "You stink-" Dean winces at that, they've been having tons of sex- more than when they had first started this
Dean goes to the kitchen to grab a large glass of iced water which he places on his nightstand in case Castiel happens to get thirsty in the middle of the night. The teen climbs under the covers on his side of the bed after placing a throw blanket on top of the older man instead of waking him up and just admires him a while longer. He's never really done this before, taken the time to just
Castiel looks over his shoulder after pulling on a fresh shirt, "I'm going to the store-" now he's pulling on a pair of jeans.
"Do you want to go?" Castiel sits on the edge of the bed, Dean shakes his head. "I'll call Chuck, remember him? He can stop by and start an IV for you."
Castiel could see that Dean had started crying and just wanted to be left alone for a while so he lets him be. He keeps a close eye on the boy while he sits and drinks his coffee in peace. It was peaceful aside from the fact that his phone kept buzzing non stop in his pants. He'd checked his phone earlier and must have had over fifty missed calls from John and rightfully so, he did sort of kidnap his son.
Dean doesn't care about food anymore, the progress he had made the last week was just thrown away. He's got to hear his voice- "Damn it, Cas. Pick up the fucking phone-" he hisses, dialing the number over and over again for half an hour straight. Castiel must have over two hundred calls from him by then. He's trying again when a text from Castiel pops up.
Castiel finishes tying the tie and smacks his ass gently over the same slacks he wore when they poured his fathers ashes. "Come on, we don't want to be late. Bobby called Pastor Jim, you'll be allowed into class today if we get there early enough. I have to sign a few things before-" Dean nods, following the adults to the car- they took Castiel's.
He would bring this up, tell his boyfriend that it bothers him but seeing him be such a good friend is something to be admired and he does admire it. He's just freaking
Dean looks hurt, not because they aren't going to have sex but because of Castiel's tone. "It's okay." he whispers, leaning in close to kiss him but Castiel turns away so he can't reach.
Castiel groans in agony, letting the teen lead and soon his fingers are working on his jeans, pushing them down to his knees along with his briefs. "Dean-"
and tries not to get jealous until that boy kisses his cheek. He huffs a soft laugh, shaking his head. "Asshole-" and he's got to look away from them before he loses it again. Solitary wasn't worth it.
They spend their last day in Mexico just browsing the streets while hand in hand and manage to pop in and out of a few shops. Castiel bought Dean a freaking sombrero in one store and a corn on the cob at a street corner after some more shopping.
"Automotive Technology-" he responds, now rubbing the back of his head anxiously and Bobby goes back inside, telling them to do the same before the rain comes.
The door slams shut as soon as they sit down to eat, John was surprised to see him there. "The hell you doin' here-" he goes over to the fridge and grabs a beer before sitting down at the table. He grabs a slice of pizza from the open box.
after a while like it feels good. "Think we're done here, boy-" he says tightly. "Rinse off and go to your room, I'll be there soon-"
"Just friggin' peachy-" Dean says sarcastically. While they drive home he mentions, "I want McDonald's."
"I'll pass, I like to eat dinner before midnight." he shrugs, "S'okay." swallowing another spoonful. "I'm almost done."
"Dean, you had a CT scan done at the hospital." Dean nods, "If something was wrong they would have told me."
"Whats up?" he's suddenly very aware that he's only wearing boxers. Benny notices too but keeps his eyes fixed on his.
"We were waiting for you-" Castiel gulps, he's propped up on his elbows. "We missed you-" it's a lie.
As the movie plays Castiel pays more attention to the boy next to him rather than what's on the screen because nothing could be more entertaining for him. It's as if Dean having a
"Not now-" Castiel spanks Dean's bubble butt loudly in the shower, causing him to whimper. "I'm in a rush. Finish up in here while I get ready to go." he gives one last kiss to the back of the boys wet shoulder.
Castiel inhaled deeply, turning his attention to face the man driving. Lightning flashed and he was covered in pretty white light for a second.
A car honks outside, "Gotta go-" Dean wipes his mouth and gets up, taking his laptop with him. "I'll be back before five."
There's a knock on his door, "Yea-" the teen calls out a little louder than he meant to while Castiel scrambles to stand in case he needs to make a run for it. Bobby had only approached the bedroom door to let him know that he'd be heading into his own room for the night. "Kay, goodnight-" his tone is awkward.
"Pastor Jim." Bobby smiles, shaking hands with the man. "Well, what are ya waiting for? Get the man some coffee." Dean nods and goes back to the kitchen.
"Ugghhh-" Castiel groans and he begins thrusting upwards on the teens ass coming down on him- Dean didn't even have to do any of the work. He must have yanked on the cuffs a little too hard because they broke off his wrists and instantly wraps his arms around the teen- rolling them over so now Dean's on his back.
Dean laughs, "You got amnesia or somethin'-" and makes his way to living room, sitting down on the couch. "Cause you can't fuck without actin' like a chick after-"
There was tons of food in there but most of it had a quick expiration date and that's not the kind of food he likes to eat. His favorite would be stuff you can shove in the microwave and have it ready in a few minutes. Eventually they order pizza because Castiel really doesn't want to get pissed off and yell at the boy, possibly ruining the whole plan.
After class on Thursday, the students are let out early so Dean and Ash find themselves carpooling in Ash's beat up car to the diner for something to eat. Dean ordered a ham and cheese sandwich with a large soda. It was Ash's first time at this particular diner, so he ordered the same thing as the younger teen. They chat about school, among other topics while waiting for their food.
Dean giggles beautifully and looks away, out the window. Castiel smiles before starting the car to head back home, they'd been out long enough and Dean needed to be in bed soon.
Dean smiles because he hadn't known her name was Jody, somehow it actually went with her last name, which he knew to be Mills. So he tells Jody about his eating disorder, how he believes it all started back when he was thirteen years old when his step fathers friend had called him
"I know you love em'-" Bobby says. "But I think the way you touch him, is weird. Even if he was your real son- s'not normal for you to be so-" he pauses. "Hands on-"
Bobby looks at him with confusion, "Whose Brady?" Dean glares at him and the memory comes to him, "Oh, that kid. Dunno, want me to call Benny and ask?" Dean nods, before he gives a different waitress his order. When she leaves he says, "Find out if he knows anything about Gordon too-" Bobby nods.
Castiel nods quickly just to oblige, "You fuck me, I don't fuck you-" and is let go instantly and he quickly crawls to his side of the bed like a wounded puppy.
His voice is soft, shy almost as he says "I'm doin' Fine-" and looks up at her briefly before looking down at his hands again.
She nods, mouth full of cupcake. "It'll be fun, we haven't been out since-" the nurse thinks about it. "-you moved in with that John guy."
John has thought about just killing the damn woman and getting rid of her body somewhere downtown for the locals to find. Yet, he doesn't ever do it because he's too much of a coward for something like that.
Castiel blinks rapidly and swallows dryly, it's so fucking hard to focus in this environment. "I have a
"Dean!" he hears Castiel shout before he's reopening his eyes and he's suddenly tucked into Castiels bed. "Dean, you were out a while-"
"I'll wash this for you." Castiel rolls up the dirty shirt and holds onto it while Dean gets up and walks to the door, "I love you-" he says somberly, "I miss you-"
The teens eyes close for just a moment and his hips start thrusting upwards. Quickly his eyes focus on the photo of the older man again, who was fully nude in bed with his glasses on and a book in his hand. Nothing to cover his extreme nakedness, nothing but a thin bed sheet over some of his bare lap.
Castiel seems to be God sent because he nodded in agreement without too much of a fuss, regardless how he felt about shaving his entire body.
Green eyes seemed to flicker with something, " Nineteen? Hmm. " rubbing at his week old stubble on his jaw.
The teen gets another surprise in the morning, Castiel actually sits down and has his breakfast with him.
Dean smiles devilishly, "Yea? Did you have to jack off a lot -" his voice is more of a cooing, as if he were talking to a little baby.
"But we can't." Castiel rubs his face, his thumb rubbing the boys cheeck. Staring down at big green eyes that are looking up at him. "We can't do anything about it."
The teen sniffles, "Yea-" and sits up even more, turning a bit to face the older man. "I got my dad and little brother back home, but things are rough. Money wise-" the older man nods. "It's the reason why I'm here."
, he doesn't. Certainly not while Dean was present because he looked so damn happy for once. So happy that he was actually holding onto his fathers hand for the first time since he'd known the two Winchesters.
"Because dad fucking left me!" Dean ugly cries, hiding his face in the pillow. His screaming muffled.
Dean swallows, "Yea-" the stretch of his limbs took a short moment to get used to. "I'm okay-" he's given a quick kiss before the mans lips are going lower and lower, until they reach right underneath his balls. "Uh-" he sounds like he wants to giggle. "That tickles-" and then there's a long wet tongue pressing, lapping at his skin and it's suddenly not that funny. "
Castiel took off early from work and drove to the store to get some much needed supplies for the big night. Though as the hours go on, his nerves are intensifying and no he is not going to fucking propose because he's already been there and done that. The reason for his anxiety was something else, a romantic getaway that was planned on a sudden whim.
Dean smiles, "Uh- yeaa." he was also a sucker for bonfires- fire in general was super cool in his book.
Bobby hasn't shown up to collect his nephew, not even a phone call. The feeling goes ignored for another while, until suddenly he's being startled awake much later in the night.
Dean ends up parking at a gas station, shooting a quick text to his step father just to see if he can help him somehow. They're on a family plan, so Castiel always has his location at hand if needed. Castiel quickly responds, letting him know that he'll be coming as soon as he can which Dean hopes is pretty fucking soon. This gas station seems sketchy, plenty of weird people coming and going.
Once inside they settled at the kitchen table," Hey I'm gonna go out back real quick to get my shirt. " he notioned for the boy to stay put.
Castiel stood outside waiting for Sam with his sister, “What could have happened?” Anna asked. Her arm wrapped around him.
Dean looks at him, "Just tell me you had sex with her-" and he wants an admission. A confession that he did. Castiel hesitates for a while before nodding in agreement. "Hm-" he bites his lip in heartbreak, his eyes water almost instantly.
"Yea-" Dean reaches up, begging for a kiss with his lips. "Tomorrow-" Dean swallows. "-before we leave, I want to try something."
The teenager is fast asleep, laying on his back- with the covers thrown off his body. It was hot and humid in the room- the air conditioner in the window was barely working, Castiel made a mental note to buy him a new one so he doesn't sweat through the sheets throughout the night.
Of course he obeys and doesn't eat the slop on his plate. Once they've dumped their trays, they're walking behind the rest of the inmates after dinner and that's when Castiel pulls Dean into one of the guards offices. "Wait here-" and he leaves. Dean's nervous because he knows he shouldn't be in here, luckily enough Castiel comes back with a guard and he's thinking that maybe they're going to take turns raping him until the guard hands him a bag from McDonalds.
"Yea." Dean finishes his food too, well barely- Bobby rushed him because they got Cas' cake in the truck.
Dean is still confused but his cheeks are blushing because the man heard his little whimpers over that dumb model he's got the hots for on the down low, "Why you doin' that for?" sits on the bed before curiously digging into the box of his own belongings.
"You wanna spend the night?" he asks while digging inside the fridge for something to eat, quickly settling on hot dogs.
Dean let his fingers knead the back of his neck, going up to his hair and tugging a bit, " I meant it when I said I wanted only you. Believe me? "
They're sitting on lawn chairs outside Bobby's and every once in a while Dean got up to flip the burgers. He was getting pretty good at grilling, it was much better than his cooking. Dean gives Bobby the first burger, Castiel gets the second and he gets the last beef patty. The buns were toasted and this time he added a little mayo, some lettuce and a large slice of tomato to each burger.
Castiel had explained the situation they found themselves in- some of it wasn't their fault but on the other end- even if school hadn't closed it's doors for the rest of the year, he might have not made it to class every single day. Dean's had a tough year, getting into fights- when it wasn't his behavior it was his health. Lucky for him, Dean's principle was understanding- more so now once she knew what he was going through privately at home.
"I said quit it-"he shrugs, trying to get the older man off him. "I wanna see the movie." Castiel ignores him, he moves to suck another little love bite behind Dean's ear, Dean moans again. "That hurts-"
"Oh-" Dean still chugs the soda and wipes his mouth off with the back of his hand when he's done. "Can you call dad to come home-"
Dean nods, hand on his little bulging tummy. "Yea." he says quietly. Castiel notices it peeking out from under his shirt and it makes him laugh, every day he spends with the boy it makes him warm up to the idea of kids though he knows being with a man, he won't have the chance.
" I just wanna fuck Cas so get back here right now or else. " Dean stated. His fingers wrapped around himself.
"-a person whose life revolves around themselves, they don't care who they hurt-" he pauses, "-he was selfish." and then he feels guilty for the words he just said. "Forget I said that-" he shakes his head. "I shouldn't talk about him like that, especially now-"
"Don't freak out-" Dean tries to tell him what he saw but before he can the blue eyed man lunges up and runs outside. He follows stupidly
A few moments later, he's telling Dean to be quiet again after he starts humming one of his dad's old songs.
The warm water hitting his body feels good and he's taking his sweet time lathering his sore body. John enters the bathroom, "Got room for me in here?" the burgundy shower curtain draws back to reveal the older man.
Dean whimpers underneath him, his hands exploring up and down Castiel's strong back.  Castiel makes love to him, what started out passionately an hour earlier had turned into tender and gentle love making which had made Dean cry helplessly when it was over.
"Shit-" Dean shakes his head, huffing a laugh. "Losin' my damn mind." he walks over to the pile of leaves and picks up the rake, resuming his task. It's quite peaceful at the moment, nothing but the occasional howl of the wind can be heard. Dean.. this time his neck snaps up that instant, knowing he didn't imagine what he heard before. This time it came from down the road he assumes, given how far away the voice sounded.
expression. "It's okay, medicine is medicine-" he takes the soup he's given, along with a spoon. "It's good baby." the comment is made after he's has had a few sips.
Castiel catches it mid air and Dean sits back down. They're eyes focus on the star filled sky above, "So pretty, ain't it-"
Dean takes the piece of paper and nods, not saying anything. The man leaves with an awkward smile and as soon as that door closes, he makes sure to lock it behind him. Like a baby, he dials Castiel to let him know some guys came over and why he hadn't said anything about it but there was no answer. He looks out the window and watches the men standing by their industrial van that was parked up front, occasionally they look back at the house and they're laughing about something.
Bobby nods, it was the right thing to do as the teens uncle but it doesn't mean he doesn't feel a little guilty about it. They do need to stay apart, there's no logic in an older man being with someone as young as his nephew. If they choose to start things back up in a few months, after his birthday, that's on them. At least then it would be done legally, unlike now.
Castiel rolls Dean over on his stomach yet again, "Do you remember when I devoured this bubble butt, hmm?" he gives one plump cheek a squeeze "Do you?"
Dean's hands are placed on the older mans thighs, his head is yanked back and his tongue is sticking out as much as he can get it too. It doesn't take long before his face is seeing ropes of white hitting him, everywhere. His lips, his cheeks, his eyes are forced to shut because of what lands on his eyelashes. Dean keeps his mouth open, whimpering like a puppy.
Castiel on the other hand couldn't really go so comfortably until his teen love left the bathrooms and finally gave him some privacy. When they meet up at the terminal, Castiel is apologetic for taking so long and Dean is not having it.
"Come on, come on-" he mumbles under his breath. "Ugh-" he moans again, softly. "Come on, come on-" and he's spilling a large load of come into the soapy water. "Agh-fuck-" and the water works come too. "Damn it, get it together-" he slaps himself twice in the face. "Stop crying-"
Somehow in the middle of the night he stirs to find Castiel under the covers with him now, with one arm behind his head and the other at his side. He must have woken at some point to get more comfortable. Dean sighs and snuggles in close, loving how the mans arm wraps around him as if on instinct. This whole night just has him feeling so
He's outside, hanging up the laundry on the clothes line when the back screen door slams shut. Castiel looks over his shoulder to see the short boy standing there, squinting at him in the morning's sunshine.
"Ughh-" the teen pulls away quickly for air, a string of thick saliva connecting his mouth to the mans cock breaks.
Robin almost giggles before kissing him on the lips once more, and his anger melts away. "What do you think of my boobs?" the subject is changed and Dean's brain short circuits, glancing down at her chest and losing the ability to speak. "I'm just asking, cause were friends-" her own eyes look down at her chest. "Should I be saving my tips for a boob job?"
Overcome with guilt he takes a look down at his his spent cock and he starts biting one of his nails nervously when he notices the tiniest bit of red.
He chuckled and sat down on the edge of his bed, "I was kinda hoping-" the boy had straddled his lap in an instant at those words and was going for his lips, but missed. kissing his stubbled cheek instead. "Come here." He lay back in the bed, pulling the boy to him as he got comfortable.
"I didn't know you were here, didn't see your car parked out front-" her tone is one of distraction but curiosity as she looks through a patients chart.
so his hand wanders to her back to explore. "This okay?" his voice is barely above a whisper, "Should I stop-" and swallows the nervous lump in his throat.
Castiel moans, "I know-" and takes over the task of removing the mechanics belt. "I want to-" his blue eyes peek up through his lashes. "Can I?" the older man nods, knowing that he would be absolutely insane to turn down a blowjob.
He inhales sharply because there was no doubt in his mind that it must be a terrifying thing to go through, given what John's done to him. What Bobby says next, makes him feel absolutely terrible.
The duo make due with the time crunch in front of them, it was too late for a proper meal so they fire up the grill and what better time than on a cold night like this. It was Dean's turn to make the burgers and he'd been doing just that for the last few minutes. He's standing in front of the large grill, flipping the meat patties every minute or so to get both sides to cook equally.
Bobby breaks the silence, "Sorry John hurt ya so bad-" and he's sad for him. "-knew he was quite the trouble maker but I had no idea it went that far."
Castiel was getting shy again but refused to let it hold him back this time. He wanted this for a long while now and was done denying his urges and feelings any longer. He was thrown playfully on the bed by Dean.
Maybe Castiel would look Dean up one day when he was older, and stay for good this time. He knew where to find him, besides his heart would
"No it won't!" Dean yells, then worries his bottom lip when the older man's facade doesn't falter. "Will it?" his eyes search him for honesty.
"I like seeing you smile." Castiel says, mixing cream and sugar into the coffee Robin had brought him.
The man smiles, "Your Idea-" and he's now barefoot and digging his feet underneath the sand. "It's actually warm, come on. Feel-" his hands are working through the sand, simply exploring his surroundings like a child would do.
The next thing he sees is red flashing lights and he's freezing, probably outside getting wheeled into an ambulance. They take him to the hospital in town and he's not the happiest or most compliant patient.
"-and I just got to thinking, how could you be homeless if you're the son of a surgeon? I mean, that is what you told me." Castiel's eyes widen for a moment. "Yea. Why did you lie to me? What was the lie anyway, your dad being a surgeon or you growing up poor and homeless?" He doesn't answer. "Did you make up that story so I wouldn't ask about your folks?"
"Think you can do that?" One of the cops asks, his name is Benny something- he can't even pronounce what's on the name tag.
Dean beams in relief he's got someone to talk to now since Castiel was always working. "Hey. What were you doing at home?" Jack sit's down Indian-style on the ground a few feet away from him.
The doctor nods, "Runny nose? Coughing?" Dean shakes his head. He gets up and takes his temperature and he did have a fever. Afterwards he does the same thing Castiel did to his neck, he feels around his painful jawline. "My guess is strep throat-" he pulls out his pen light from his coat pocket, "Open for me-" he looks inside Dean's mouth, "Hm, Dean- you have a bacterial infection in your throat. " he puts the light back in his pocket and pulls out a pad to write a prescription.
When Dean makes it home, his uncle yanks him inside the house by the front of his shirt. "Bobby!" he yelps, "What's the matter with you!" and he's shoved into his room, the door shuts behind him. "Bobby, the fuck!"
Bobby called him as soon as Dean was arrested and Castiel rushed home. He had already finished up at the house and had given the couple a contact list of people to call in case of emergencies like an electrician, plumber and a local handy man. The trip back to Bobby's was usually four hours long but he made it back in half the time, luckily without a ticket for speeding. He doesn't go to the house, he goes straight to the police station to figure out what's going on.
His drive to the hospital is spent in deep thought, thinking of how he should have helped Dean more with school but it was too late now because he already chose the kind of future he wants to have.
Dean looks up at him innocently, searching the mans blue eyes and they're telling the complete truth. "Yea, I know-" his hands are on broad shoulders before sliding down to his strong chest, groping with curiosity.
Dean smiles, shoving him against the wall a little too hard for it to be playful. "Yea and what are you gonna do about it-" and his friend shoves him against the opposite wall roughly before grabbing him and throwing him to the floor in a rough housing manner while laughing like psychopaths in the nearly deserted place.
Dean finally looks up at him and his heart feels like it wants to break. "What's wrong?" All the boy does is hug him tightly and cries uncontrollably, "Please talk to me."
Castiel peeks down the hallway to make sure that they are alone and again, gives the teen his gift to open now. "Saw this online, made me think of you-"
Castiel swallows the food in his mouth and wishes he hadn't so he didn't have to respond to the question. "I-I love him too, he's a great kid." he deflects.
Castiel swallows dryly, "That's great Dean, just what I like to hear." his tone is sarcastic- he does not want to know what the boy would do for a hundred dollar bill. "After church tomorrow, we'll make the drive."
The teen snorts, "Shut your fucking face-" and they both chuckle. "Think we can get somethin' to eat at the hotel?" he looks over his shoulder at the lovely resort in the distance, it's the one they stayed at the last time they came here.
"Dean's been-things are getting strange." Castiel rubs up and down his muscular arms to make the bumps go away. "Ever since Gordon-" he can't finish. "This isn't like any trauma I've ever heard of. Even in medical school, I-I was at a psychiatric hospital for a few weeks and I never saw a case like this-"
The cafeteria was now silent, all eyes on Castiel now that the teen had stormed out. "We have a problem?" he says loudly, challenging anyone who might have an issue with him and of course, no one ever does. Because if the stories about him are true, they know Castiel isn't one to be messed with in any way.
get along and almost wishes he hadn't ruined it by playing footsies under the table. The mans knee quickly bumps the underside of the table and is unable to concentrate on his conversation with his uncle. Eventually he grows bored of not being the center of attention so he excuses himself without too much trouble.
Dean softly says "S'okay-" while walking alongside the older man with his hands behind his back- it was a habit from elementary school he couldn't seem to shake no matter how hard he tried.
Castiel catches the movement, he laughs and turns to face her as well. "Dean used to do that-" she's confused until he gestures to her legs being hidden under the shirt.
Castiel takes a few sips of his coffee before his eyes finally open enough to show off those blue oceans that he'd been hiding. "Shit, I have to go-" but the teen holds onto his wrist like a child. "I need to go to work-"
Dean rubs the back of his neck, "Listen, buddy. What you saw- probably looked a little weird but, he doesn't rape me." his friend yanks on his arm to prevent him from going back inside so quick, "I said he doesn't!" he screams, it takes too much out of him and he feels dizzy and out of breath. "Just go-" he rubs his chest as he walks back inside, before collapsing as soon as he walks through the front door.
"Nah-" Dean pats him on the shoulder. "I need time-" he nods, they both understand what it means. "-give me space, yea?"
She's a horny teenage girl after all so she gives in, allows him to get a few kisses in after school.
it was always about her, wondered if his dad was broken after her death, maybe that was the reason he was a horrible person.
Dean nods, knowing all too well how angry the man can get. He'd been on the receiving end of a whole lot of spankings growing up and the occasional beat down now that he was older. Lately it was mostly hair pulling or some shoving around when he came home drunk and he actually preferred this since it left no bruises and there was no down time.
Eventually another man comes close enough to chat with his stepfather, the man is leaning against the counter a little too closely with a smile on his face.
"I only stopped cause she started bleeding." Dean actually laughs, "Poor thing, she thought it was her period. I bet Ellen's never gave her the talk. I popped her cherry just like-"
Dean watches the man he loves walk away from his daughter and he can't help but feel sorry for them both. He hadn't gotten to know Claire at all through out his several weeks of Sunday school, but he could tell she was a good girl. Claire was nerdy, but had a flare to her personality. Kinda like
The nurse covers her mouth because she's full on laughing, "Oh my God, he's so cute-" more laughter. "Don't worry, he'll grow out of that shyness-"
Castiel exhales heavily, "Yes-" and basically undresses the older man with his eyes. Although they had little in common, the mechanics good looks and hot body made that little fact seem irrelevant. "Come fuck me, daddy-" the word slips out. "Sorry I-"
"Yea-" Dean walks sadly back into the home they shared and Castiel went to work. Another long day at the hospital. Later that day Dean awakens from his nap, he's walking down to the mailbox when he sees Jack across the street sitting on his front steps- he waves but he's ignored. Suddenly worry overwhelms him as he thinks maybe he's mad at him for leaving before he woke up so he makes his way over. "Hey-" he says, noticing that his young friend is crying. "What's wrong?"
“Love it when I talk to you this way?” Castiel nodded. His grip tightening around Dean’s waist. “Mmmmm...You have no idea what I want to do with you.”
"Cas I don't fit in anywhere-" he says in a way that sounds like he may just cry soon. "I don't know how to talk to anyone- how the hell am I gonna go to college." he shakes his head miserably." Castiel stays silent, listening. "I have no friends Cas-" he adds softly.
He's not in there five minutes before the door opens, Dean wipes his tears and stays silent in the stall he was in.
at the table- mug in hand as he reads the paper. "Cas, he asleep?" he says urgently, like he knows something isn't normal about today.
Dean was taken by surprise at those words. "I'm sorry, for a while I guess I forgot I'm just a middle aged guy."
Dean bites his lip, he sighs. He's actually pretty horny- that video he took a while ago and just now had the courage to send it to the guy. His dick is hard too.
“I’ll talk to him, I can tell him you’re interested in seeking therapy together. As a couple. He might talk to me.”
After their shower, John is begging him to stay. "I have work in the morning." Castiel says, toweling his dark hair.
When Castiel moaned softly, he smacked his ass hard with an open palm. “Make you NEED me. Make you squirm- “ Dean was the one moaning this time. Enticing himself with his own words. “Oh babyyy.”
Castiel groans his name, "Dean." his eyes look down at the hand that's rubbing his thigh. "Don't tease me like this or I won't go easy on you tonight-I mean it, no mercy." Dean rolls his eyes and says
Castiel looks over his shoulder at his stunned wife and the crying child in her arms. "Yes, I'm James Novak-" in no time at all the cop begins reading him his rights and cuff his hands behind his back.
Once they get home, Castiel carries Dean's back pack for him and guides him to his bedroom. "Stay put-" he goes to the kitchen to grab some medicine. When he comes back he's got that little plastic cup in his hand with that orange liquid that all children seem to despise with passion.
"What do you want Cas." Dean rubbed his eyes in frustration. "I'm not in the mood. Please be quiet."
"That's not going to work anymore." he stands his ground, his safety was a risk and so was Deans. "You could have really hurt me, you
From this day on Dean and Castiel would start keeping secrets from John Winchester. It started easily enough, but before they both know it they're sharing more than just ice cream behind closed doors. It quickly escalated to an innocent hug here and there, a certain look shared between them or a sweet smile. John never suspected anything and why would he suspect something when Castiel did nothing but treat his son well.
"Gonna head into town, car needs spark plugs-" he grabs Bobby's keys off the wall hook, no one stops him from going so he leaves right then. He was anxious for
man for movie night. If only his father could see what a little girl he'd turned out to be in here, surely that would have earned him a kick or two.
"I love em'-" The three of them eat until they can't anymore, especially Dean and it makes them happy. Eventually Dean leans back on his chair and unbuttons his jeans, his tummy peeks out from under his shirt. Castiel missed that- Dean's still thin, but he's looking really healthy. His skin's got a nice glow now, no longer pasty looking. The under eye circles aren't so dark these days and his nails aren't blue.
"We can't. You shouldn't even be here." He informed. Castiel backed off, nodding and then ran out of the bedroom. The man sighed, hands on his face.
"I love you-" he admits, "Never think I don't. I just need to be careful-" they sway slightly in the doorway, as if dancing to romantic music that wasn't there.
another groan escapes him. He's looking down at his stepfathers ridiculously long tongue and puffy lips devour his flesh tenderly, the view is so hot, so enticing that an orgasm is building up within him.
"Eventually those nightmares became true, me and Karen- we'd wake up in the middle of the night and hear a baby cryin'-" he looks at Dean and Castiel in the eye, "There was no baby, the nursery was empty. For the longest time we didn't know where the cryin' was coming from until one night-" he sips his beer, "It was the middle of winter, coldest one we ever had and I was out back choppin' wood for the fire place and there it was, the screamin'- it was comin' from the woods."
Castiel is starting to feel like he's being cheated on, it's ridiculous and he knows it. His boyfriend wouldn't do that, he's sure of it- unless he would?
He hesitates for a couple seconds, "I don't, sir." They both know that's a lie but it doesn't matter.
"I trust you." Castiel kisses him on the lips once they get inside his car, "I know you're not going to hurt me again."
"Eve." Jack sits up and straightens up his hair and shirt so Kelly doesn't ask any questions, but of course he didn't realize that Dean left him a little present on the side of his neck- near his ear. Both teenagers didn't notice it but Kelly would see it that night.
Eventually he comes in, to find him on his bunk, sitting up and doing nothing of course. Dean doesn't look up though, simply pretending to bite his nails like he hadn't noticed the muscular dude walk in.
All Dean can think about is what Castiel did with Meg and it eggs him on. "Derek-" he whispers softly, giving his bottom lip a quick lick before diving back in.
He hesitates before answering, "I do-" and takes another drag of his cigarette, blowing smoke into his friends face by accident. "We're getting married someday-" and the words also sound strange coming out of his mouth.
"Now!" Castiel roars and he flinches, he decides it's enough and he goes to his room. He sighs and not at all surprised when Metallica starts blasting from Dean's room. "Dean!" he marches over to the the room and bangs on his door with a closed fist. He tests the door but it's locked. "Open the door."
"Yes Dean I know how to do injections-" his tone is sarcastic and he shakes his head in disbelief that he still doesn't know what exactly his job entails, "I even give epidurals, needles and I are very well acquainted."
"Shut up." Dean picks at his breakfast before heading for the shower. It's not until he steps out of the shower that he notices the bruises already forming on his hips, "Jesus Cas-" he checks his arms, one there- he checks the back of his neck- another one there. For some reason he's reminded of the battle wounds he came home with after that day on the train tracks and he feels like crying. He grips the counter and- his eyes well up with tears- feeling as if the progress he had made this summer has gone down the drain. Like he's back to square one.
As he makes the order by phone, Dean gets up and goes to his bedroom to hide his bucket of candy under his bed. When he doesn't come back Castiel goes to look for him, finding him in the bathroom with the door wide open, he'd been trying to wash off the eyeliner and lipstick from his face.
"Like what you see?" Castiel smiles when he sees the blush on the boys face and he looks away then, at his surroundings. "How're you doing-" the subject is quickly changes from his muscles to his well being.
"And you know I'm not right-" he holds up his thick hand, showing him the silver wedding band on his left ring finger. "-I'm married, been married for-" he counts the years on his fingers, "-almost twelve years now."
He's siting close to the group of teenagers but not really engaging, he just wants out. One of the nice looking boys pulls up his chair, "Hey-" he smiles. Dean smiles back, maybe he could be his friend. "Do you wanna join the church choir? It's pretty fun-" Dean shakes his head, he's biting the nail on his middle finger- he's so fucking shy around people he doesn't know or want to know for that matter. The boy keeps trying, "Come on. We need one more boy-"
He is proud of Dean for being able to stand up for himself when things seem unfair, It's something Castiel could never do when he was with John. Dean is strong willed and would never allow himself to be mistreated physically, not after what his father has done to him.
"Of course not baby, you were going to quit when school started anyway." he kisses the teens hair. "I want you to relax and focus only on school."
When Dean opens his eyes in the morning, the blurry silhouette of his fathers friend is hovering above him.
"Gross-" Dean squirts a generous amount of ketchup on his hot dog before taking a big bite. "-I don't like my boner."
Dean whimpers, "Stop that-" and pulls away before grabbing a clean shirt from one of the drawers. "I still hate you-" he walks to the bathroom with the older man trailing behind him, still completely nude.
Castiel smiles, trying not to laugh. "I certainly know that you love me-" his words are warm. "I love you so much-" now his tone is breathy, before kissing him yet again. This time the kiss a little more heated and with purpose, even though it won't go further than what they're allowing themselves to have at this very moment. "I've always loved you-"
"Fuck-" he pushes away from the teen and takes a few deep breathes. It can't happen, nothing can. "We shouldn't-"
They reach the cabin and Dean sits down on a lawn chair while Castiel goes inside to grab the beef patties for their burgers tonight. When he comes out with the pack of burgers and buns, Dean stands up- "Let the master make these-" and takes the items from his hands.
At the kitchen table, he makes his best effort to eat the eggs and waffles in front of him but he can't- he's losing his breath. Bobby doesn't mention it although he did notice, he'd have to call Castiel and mention it to him later. "Dean?" he asks the teen whose struggling to stand up from the table- he's got the strangest look on his face. His breathing is harsh like he'd just ran a marathon and he falls over onto the floor- "Dean!" Bobby goes to pull him up thinking he had passed out but he didn't, he just fell because he was so dizzy, "Boy, what's wrong?"
Dean smiles, "Sure-" and gets up because thins sounds like a date even if It's only movie night in the rec room. "Go on without me, I need to-" his eyes look at the toilet. The older man nods knowingly before leaving to give him some privacy.
"Oh-" Castiel almost snarls, hovering over the teen. "You think so?" they both take slow steps towards the bed, their gaze on each others eyes goes unbroken. Dean falls onto the bed and he crawls over him, holding himself up by his arms.
The man would kneel down to look him in the eye but doing so would be too painful in his condition so all he can do is bring him close and keep walking back to the house. Dean was sad and it was beyond obvious, it's so clear that he wanted his mother more than anything. Times like these is when Castiel feels extremely guilty for possibly being the reason why his father and mother split up.
Dean moans loudly and ends up choking a little bit on his own saliva, yet powers through which has Castiel ready to explode right then. That was so fucking hot and he wasn't going to pretend that he wasn't turned on by what was happening.
"Go ahead without me-" Bobby says from the front seat of Castiel's car, "Darn knee is actin' up-" his hand rubs up and down his kneecap. "Jus' leave the air on will ya-" Castiel nods and they get out of the car, leaving him behind.
If he had never realized he was gay, Castiel most likely would have married Meg Masters by now. Definitely, no doubt about it- most of his time is spent with her already, being married to the woman wouldn't be much of a drastic change.
Castiel bites his tongue, nodding in agreement. It angered him greatly when he was spoken to like a child by this man, yet he had no intentions on leaving. Why would he leave? The sex was surprisingly fantastic even if there was no connection whatsoever, and there's
Castiel nods, giving him a small smile. "You know, work." Dean nods, watching him prepare the injection of his vitamin- it looked like red cool-aid in the syringe. Dean lifts his sleeve so the needle can go in his upper arm, "Good?" he nods now that it's over and done with. Bobby is watching the interaction so he doesn't say anything that might incriminate him further. "Dean, on the first of the month I'm going back home to collect the rent from our tenant, would you like to come? We could make a day of it-you could see Sam and Jack-"
Walking into the cabin is something else, it's not enormous- but it's cozy and nice. There's two bedrooms and a large living room, as well as a small kitchen. Dean flips on the light switch and sighs when the light comes on- he'd been afraid there wouldn't be any power way the heck out here. But there was.
Dean punches him in the arm, "Shut your fucking face, no I haven't!" he hisses. "You just-have me all confused. Kinda make me wanna be a girl for you-"
The day had not been an easy one, having to get it all ready for a man who might not even come home. He knew this, he knows John must be at the bar down the street drinking himself to the brink of sickness, he just didn't have the heart to tell his son that. He'd been so excited the whole day and had helped out so much. The reason for his anger was completely understood.
Dean makes an annoyed face, "Like what-" clearly not understanding what he's asking or was just avoiding the topic. Knowing him, likely the latter.
Castiel is not entirely ready to face John yet, so he goes to pay his son a visit to say good night. The door was wide open so he stands by the doorway, "Need anything?" green eyes instantly peek open to look his way. "Before I turn in-"
Castiel walks by and tries to advert his eyes when he enters his own room and shuts the door behind him. It's so unsettling, having Dean just across the hall and it's so strange because he doesn't understand it himself. The things he's feeling, it's crazy to think that he may be falling in love with the boy. It's wrong, it's a sin, it's completely and totally
Castiel wraps an arm around him, to keep him from running off again. "I believe you think you saw him."
When he's sure Bobby won't be up and about anymore he goes to Dean's room and doesn't bother to knock, he simply opens the door slightly to peek inside. He's awake. "Hey-" he steps inside, shutting the door carefully so it doesn't creak.
Dean nibbles on his bottom lip anxiously and ignores the flattering comments, solely focusing on who the hell that man was. "Anything you wanna say?" and the tone of his statement sounds way harsher than he'd meant for it to come out. "I mean-" he leans over the table a little, "I saw you talking to some guy-"
Dean frowns before following Pastor Jim to the confessionals, he really doesn't like this. It's dark in there and stuffy- smells weird too. "So-" he claps his hands anxiously.
Dean felt himself being watched, “Change your mind about another orgasm?” he started running the bar of soap all over his chest and stomach, his hair wet and sticking to his forehead. “Hmm?”
It's no surprise when he sees the dried up red goo on the floor and quickly mops it up until his floor is as good as new. The strong aroma of coffee wasn't in the air, no bad smell either so that was somewhat of a win. He's in the middle of making breakfast when his vision becomes a little blurry and quickly blinks it away. Breakfast is had in silence, nothing happened which was good, a second win.
Dean smiles because he feels loved, "You do, yea-" and his eyes water out of affection for this man. He takes the thermometer playfully from the mans grasp and puts it under his tongue, surprisingly without much of a fight. When it beeps, he looks down at the numbers. "Think you were feeling your own fever on me-" and shows him the small device with the numbers reading
Right then, Castiel comes in with a large tray filled with goodies any woman would love to snack on. Finger sandwiches, grapes and those expensive chocolates that would seem more appropriate for Valentines Day. The women of the book club crowd him by the coffee table, taking what they please from the tray but knowing all too well that they want him instead. Unfortunately he's not on tonight's menu.
Castiel stares at the hand, and takes it- soon as he does John pulls him down and kisses him- tongue and all. He quickly pushes himself away- "What was that!"
"Shh-" he kisses his forehead, "Your levels are going to go up so there's no need to worry about anything- you're going to be fine, you just have to make sure you eat." he nods. "Are you hungry?" Castiel brings the bedside table closer so he can feed him. "Are you in the mood for soup?"
"Listen-" Bobby sits up, leaning closer. "Dean isn't a little boy anymore- I don't think it's normal for you to behave the way you do round' him."
After a full day of working and not checking his phone, Bobby says it's enough for today and orders him inside. Dean stomps into the house and pulls out his phone, expecting a missed call from Castiel or a text.
"MYYY LEGSSS HURT." Dean whined, he was sitting Indian style on the bed, rubbing his legs and ankles.
too and kiss him all the damn time and fuck him until he comes everywhere. In some twisted way it's as if he doesn't want to ever grow up, there's a part of him that wants to be a child forever and never outgrow needing a father. Although Castiel has been a good father figure for him, it's doubtful he would understand any of this.
Bobby pats his nephews denim covered knee lightly, "Yea I know-" clears his throat. "Jus' didn't think it would be so soon-"
"It was a tropical storm first right?" Castiel carries the conversation. Dean doesn't want to hear about it, but he watches them discuss it anyway.
Dean gets up to put the pie in the microwave- "Uh- sometimes." Once heated he sits back down at the table, "Why?"
Dean instantly goes red and shakes his head, it was no secret that he didn't like having come in his ass much less pushing it out in front of the man who put it in there. Castiel doesn't seem to want to take no for an answer so he slowly pushes the hot come out and he can feel the warmth trickling out. Dean can't help but scrunch up his nose at the funny sensation.
"So good-" Castiel groans, the bottom of Dean's shirt is balled into his fist- using that as leverage as he pounds into him. "Mmm-"
Bobby stops, "I won't-" and relaxes. "But I need to know what ya been doin' at his house, I wanna hear it-"
Castiel smiles, looking at his boy that isn't quite a boy anymore. His thumb rubs over the barely there stubble along his jawline. "Dean, you were so worried about me not seeing you-" he kisses the boy again. "-but I
Castiel sighs heavily before putting the tickets away in his work bag for safe keeping in the meantime, "I'll try to cancel our flights-" then pulls his love close to him. "How about I get us some bus tickets instead, would you go away with me to Mexico then?"
"Alright you two, lets go." he covers both boys with the umbrella and leads them to his car. The ride home is unusually silent, Dean's in the front seat and Sam is in the back.
Dean had also started his Automotive Technology program, which he actually was enjoying. The classes were short and very hands on, so it wasn't like regular school and that had been his favorite part. As usual, he didn't make any other friends aside from one,
Castiel looks at the hickey, then the bruise- "You slept with him, for money?" he says slowly, unable to process. "Why-I have plenty of money for the both of us-all you have to do is ask."
Castiel nods before he goes to pick one out. Bobby had a large collection of books on the shelves in the living room, he's surprised he never really looked through them before.
Castiel quickly dials Bobby's landline, no answer. It was odd, the guy always answered. He tries Dean, next. Also no answer, but he rarely picked up anyway. He's got the most horrible feeling, like maybe he went to sleep and never woke up- he dials Meg next, no answer. Even tried calling the hospital, it kept ringing and ringing so he hung up.
Castiel's hands are in his jackets pockets and he knows where this is going. The boy wants a dog and he wants nothing more than to get it for him, but
"How was that?" Dean's whisper laced with lust for this guy. He couldn't deny he was beautiful. Almost as angelic as his name.
Dean nods, letting himself be crushed against his chest. It feels like love. Dean whimpers, his orgasm is building - his fingers are gripping at the hair on the back of Castiel's head. When he comes he whimpers, "Ugh, daddy-" against his strong chest. That alone makes Castiel come in his jeans after the teen comes in his shorts.
Dean walks slowly around the car, running his hand over the matte finish of the paint. "Cassie." he smiles proudly
Later that week they're having dinner with Bobby when Dean's staring down at a bowl of beans. "Beans? " he squints at his step father.
Castiel grabs two sodas from the fridge and heads to the front, asking the cashier for a corn dog while Dean just stands by the door with his arms crossed at his chest- giving him his best bitch face.
The man with blue eyes checks him out briefly before climbing up to the top bunk. It's silent for a long while before they're being called to the cafeteria for lunch. The man quickly gets out of bed and joins the rest of the inmates with Dean quickly following behind him. Eventually along the way he loses blue eyes but at least he knows where he's going to be eating lunch and gets in line.
The life of a mechanic, which isn't bad by any means but he can't help but wonder just how smart the teen really must be. Sure, he failed almost every class but that was only because he either didn't go to school every day or kept getting into fights.
"Oh yea-" Dean teases, grabbing another can of soda and shaking it before cracking it open in his general direction. Soon they're both soaked and feeling uncomfortable in their clothes.
Dean smiles then, "That's all I want. I don't want to have sex." his face scrunches up then. "Least I don't think I wanna."
Castiel repeats the question and he shakes his head, "No, of course not-" his eyes look away for fear he may see his dilated pupils. Kind of hard to miss when his eyes are the palest shade of green there is. "I'm sorry I hit you, k?" When his step dad nods in acceptance of his apology he goes outside to clean up all the broken glass.
Castiel takes another lager sip of beer, mostly to fill the awkwardness. The tension is thick in the air and it's suffocating. "I don't know what you mean." he ends up saying stupidly. "Dean and I are just close-I'm all he's had for years."
Castiel pulls out of the driveway and Dean waves to his friend Jack who was sitting outside on the porch with his mother and baby sister. "Thanks for doing this, Cas." Dean says after an hour on the road, the sun is beginning to set over the horizon. Two more hours to go.
"I want my mom-" he says before he starts crying, covering his face with his hands. "I want my mom-" he repeats through his sobs.
In the morning when the teen wakes up, the older man is in front of the small sink shaving his face once again. It doesn't take long at all before their eyes meet in the mirror, "Wanna suck my dick before breakfast?" and the teen laughs beautifully so Castiel approaches him, rubbing his bulge over the khakis.
I've created somewhat of a Prequel to this story. It's called- Broken Little Soldier, and it will be a multi chapter story sort of like this one. It will go through Dean's younger years. if you'd like to read that as well it will be linked here. I was rereading the beginning of this story and in my haste I realized there's not much backstory on John and Castiel, when they first met or how Dean and Castiel got close. Since I'm stuck at home and studying online now, I've got plenty of time and the idea just came to me.
Castiel gets up from the table, pulling out his chair. "Have a seat." Dean sits down, his eyes scan the dinner. There's salad, pasta and dessert.
"What really-" they clear their cards to begin again, "-well that blows." After winning twice in a row the adults call it quits, "You just wanna stop cause I'm killin' the game-" they roll their eyes and Bobby slips him a Twenty dollar bill just to get him to shut up about there being no prize. "That was fun-" he pockets the cash and Castiel gets up, heading for the door. "Where are you going?"
"No, I'm sorry. Old house, you know-" he lays behind her, an arm wrapped around her small frame to keep her warm underneath the covers. All he can think of is what would Dean's reaction be if he saw them like this. It's not bad enough he had sex with her but now he's cuddling with the unofficial homewrecker. Dean would burst into flames from the anger alone and that thought only serves him as fuel to his already rising guilt.
Dean shakes his head because of course he will not let the mans skills go to his head. "Cas-" he repeats, almost whining because he already feels like coming.
Dean sits down with his burger. "No-" it was true, they didn't have sex. "We made out-" their eyes meet. "Sorry-"
Dean shrugs, "He didn't seem like a perv, but-" saying that makes him sigh bitterly. "I was so mad- I told him things I shouldn't have."
"Anythin' for a drive, I guess-" he stands and goes to put on his jacket by the front door, boots too.
Now if only Castiel would have just come out into the lobby to help calm him down, things might have been different. The teen stuck around, waiting and hoping the man would peek his head out to see if he was ready to get started but that didn't happen.
He was beginning to think how unfair it was that he had to play God with people's lives at work, and still come home to do all the housework. The dishes weren't half way done when the front door slams shut, alerting him that the mechanic was home and sends off a quick prayer to the Lord above to give him the strength to deal with the man tonight.
Castiel leans forward and begins kissing his neck, taking his time to lick and nip lightly to get him more aroused. His hand eventually wraps around his cock to stroke him a few times, it doesn't take long before Dean begins whimpering and sighing in that way that lets him know he's ready. "I love you sweetheart, happy birthday-" the words are mumbled against his forehead as he pushes in.
Dean runs his hand behind himself, over his hole. When he looks at it he sees a little bit of pink, "Cas, what the fuck-" he chokes out and in a panic starts to splash water at himself, hoping it stops.
Castiel pulls on his boots and simply instructs the teen to do the same so they can grab a quick bite to eat before heading home. Castiel takes the lead, ordering for them both once their seated at the hotels cafe in the lobby. It was nice, but not so nice to where they might feel out of place for being dressed in winter casual. A quick glance around at everyone else wearing jackets made them both feel better than when they first walked in.
Castiel quickly pokes his head out the doorway to look at his love, "When?" it was shocking to hear such a bold statement at a random moment like this. "You've been dodging the subject since your birthday, why bring it up now?"
He waits for the teenager to catch his breath which is strange since they were just walking. "You okay?" he asks and it dawns on him, "-damn it, I forgot to give you-"
Eventually Castiel puts his book away and leans back in bed so he can watch whatever his boyfriend is currently watching but getting ignored hurts too badly, so he turns on his side to go to sleep. He doesn't understand why he's so hurt by his rejection, it's not like he loves the guy or anything. Deep down he knows it's the fact that with John Winchester, he somehow feels like he's never good enough even when he gives everything.
Dean blushes, "See ya around." he quickly lets himself out of the patrol car and walks up the porch steps. After letting himself inside the house he finds himself leaning against the door, his heart pounding.
Once he's picked at his eggs long enough, that's when he steals another piece of gum from the doctors bag and eventually comes back to take the whole pack. Castiel was cool like that and would never yell at him for taking something without asking, his father was a different story. John Winchester was too strict, way too mean and just no fun at all.
Dean nods compassionately, so does Castiel. "Damn, I didn't know. Jus' kinda thought you didn't want kids-"
When Castiel walks into their home after work he hears the TV in the living room "Dean, I'm home-" and pauses when he sees Sam sitting on the sofa with Dean. "Hello, Sam. Haven't seen you around here in a long time." the boy smiles awkwardly, "Don't mind me-I'll be in my room. Have a goodnight." he says all too soon before leaving the boys alone.
He watches for a reaction but the boy smiles, fucking smiles like angel- slowly, he helps the boy lay back again before going in for a real kiss.
Loud banging at the door frightens him for a second before he goes to answer it and there's pain while making his way through the empty home. "Meg-" he sighs before collapsing into her arms.
"Dean-" he pleads, rolling onto his side now in order to be a little closer. "I cried because I felt so fucking guilty, okay? Is that what you want to hear me say? Because I feel guilty, It's my fucking fault-"
Castiel laughs softly, "Sure." and he slowly gets up from the sofa, from underneath the boy. He's in the kitchen putting enough milk for two to boil on a small pot when Dean walks in to join him, taking a seat at the table.
"You have a lot of friends Bobby." Castiel chuckles, taking a bite of his toast. His eyes are droopy, obvious that he's a little hung over and extremely tired. Bobby too. "I'm making more friends here than I did back home- I'm from Illinois."
Castiel inhaled, nodding and proceeded to follow the man. No questions asked. Maybe Castiel was in a rut and bored with his life too.
Dean yanks on his stepfathers arm to keep him from walking out the front door. "Cas, please-" his eyes are pleading. "Just give it to me-"
Dean palmed at the boys plump cheeks, "God, I love this ass." his thumb dipping between them to feel for his hole. Castiel gasped. "Right there."
"Not if you're quiet." This time John doesn't flip him over onto his stomach when he's naked, he bends the younger man in half and slides into him roughly.
Spending the night alone wasn't a total bore, he got to do some light research on the whole courthouse wedding thing without those prying green eyes around. But, it worries him that Dean hasn't brought up getting married since coming back from their romantic trip to Mexico.
"Cas-" Dean looks down at his half eaten food, his ears are going red. "-shut up about my ass." the teens blush makes him laugh.
"Here you go, fucking nerd-" he tosses the ball back to his stepfather for the third time. "You know this is fucking boring-" but a smile was on his face and is secretly loving every single minute of this moment.
Castiel shrugs, looking at his car. "Well yeah-" he laughs again. "- I can give you a ride home if you need one." John gets in the car and sighs heavily at the feel of the leather seats underneath him. "Nice right-" John nods, "-so where do you live?" he's given directions and in no time Castiel is parked on the driveway of his new friends home. "Decent place." he shrugs, "That your car?"
"Alright enough-" Castiel stops punching, closing his eyes and panting. John does the same, when they make eye contact- he thinks it means something it doesn't and Castiel grabs him by the collar, pulling him in for a kiss. It's short lived, no tongues involved. When John doesn't kiss him back he pulls away, releasing him. "Sorry-I-" his apology dies off in the cold air.
The boy looks up at him with such angst and curiosity that Castiel kisses him softly and moans, loving the feeling of those sweet tasting lips. It was one kiss and he's telling poor Tommy to get the fuck out of here before he does something worse. The boy runs out of the house crying because the yelling is what scared him and not the kiss, the kiss he liked very much.
"That's because I'm his step father." Castiel looks at Dean, arms crossed at his chest again. No way in hell he was buying anything from this store, he didn't believe in any of this mojo stuff but he believed enough not to mess with any of it.
"Costume turned out great-" he says casually as they walk up to the first house. Plenty of kids had already been out and about trick or treating. "Go ahead-" he gestures towards the large house up the driveway, and he waits by that persons mailbox.
Castiel is watching Dean quite often now too, bless his father for still being the town's drunk because it allows him to have one on one time with his sweet son. He suspects the mechanic is still doing drugs every now and then.
"No shit." he keeps flipping through the photos with most being taken while he was out back helping his uncle fix a car- "He was obsessed with me." -while other photos were taking from outside his bedroom window, nude or getting dressed. When he can't bare to look through them anymore he stuffs them into the envelope and shoves it into his pants pocket.
"That's friggin' cute-" Dean laughs, watching Bobby drive off down the dirt road- "-even at his age he's still gettin' some." When the truck is out of view Castiel surprises him by pulling him in close and giving him a kiss. "What was that for?"
Dean's shy now, looking at the bath. "I've never had a bath before. Dad says baths are for little babies."
"Ugh shit-" Dean cries, humping into Castiels strong abdomen as the cock in his ass pushes in and out of him at an unrelenting pace. "-ugh- ugh- ugh-" he begins to cry out softly like he always did when he was getting close.
The man pads deeper into the bedroom and has a seat on the edge of the twin bed. "Did you have a nightmare or something?" there's a smile on his face.
Castiel noticed how in the last few years in John's absence Dean had been sporting some of his Dad's old shirts. He could never get himself to toss John's things away and now he was beginning to regret it. Dean often wore Johns old flannels or one of his old band tees along with jeans, the ones Castiel often buys him - that kid ruins so many clothes doing who knows what. Dean always came home late from school even though he wasn't involved in any after school activities- he would come in covered in dirt or have holes in his clothes. Sometimes he'd show up with scratch marks on his arms or a bruise every now and then. Castiel asked about it but Dean steered the conversation elsewhere.
"You okay?" John whispers. Castiel nods but no, he isn't okay. "Guess I shouldn't have you let you drink-"
"Be grateful ya got a job that pays, son." Bobby starts the truck, "Any money is good money- just be happy ya don't got bills to worry about yet."
Robin hugs him tightly from behind while pressing a bunch of kisses on his cheek, "I know but we couldn't all come over that day-" finally she releases her pink faced friend and sits on his lap just because.
Castiel nods before reaching into the nightstand for lube and generously rubs some of the substance onto his cock. "I love you-" he says softly, pressing against the tight button of a hole.
because neither of them are thinking of divorce. So why not go all out for this- again, even if it was just a quick courthouse wedding.
Castiel licks his lips and turns his head, thinking that the teen is poking fun at him. His upper lip has always been an insecurity, though he's never admitted to any such thing.
coffee.."You can't be here-" he whispers, fully aware that he's talking to no one but possibly the ghost of his former lover and Dean's father. "-you're dead."
"Yea, I bet-" he says aloud when his phone dings again with a message from Jack. He opens it and sees a picture of Jack with who he assumes is his mom with that big baby bump. His heart warms up a bit- as he's typing his reply a series of emojis keep popping up. Everything from a pig-to a cow and hearts come through. Jack must have sent every color heart emoji there was available.
"Ya gotta let em' have his own life too-" he inches closer to his nephew. "I know toxic when I see it boy, you two don't know how to live apart for a second." the teen lets himself be hugged by the larger man. "I think yer stickin' by him because ya feel like no one else understands you- ya think no one else loves you."
Dean snorts, "No but I wouldn't be mad if you wanted to buy me something expensive. You never buy me nothin' unless it's clothes-"
Castiel gets down on his knees and takes his small hands into his, "Sweetheart, you're just a child. You're entitled to get what you want. " He kisses the boys hand gently, still keeping eye contact with those green eyes even if they do tend to shift around a bit. He assumes he doesn't like eye contact very much. "Dean, listen to me. As long as I'm here, you will never have to go without. You'll always have food and toys." By now Dean's shoulders were shaking- tears streaming down his face. "I'll always be here for you. I'll always be your friend."
"Oh-" Dean quickly grabs his things and shoves them on the bottom bunk. "Sorry-" is all he says before climbing up to his bed, hugging his knees to his chest.
Bobby quickly stands, heading for the keys on the wall hook. "You comin?" Dean nods. Instead of driving all the way into town, they go to a local gas station to pick up the medicine. They walk through the door, it pings electronically. "You said cold medicine right?"
Dean stood outside the bathroom door ten minutes later with a glass of water, and a frown on his face. He felt like the biggest jerk on the planet for trying to manipulate Castiel into sucking his dick, only to make him puke his guts out afterwards. He made a mental note of Castiel's gag reflex.
Castiel sits up and looks him in the eye, "Is my little baby boy satisfied now?" clearly it was meant to sound mocking.
Dean reaches over and plants a sweet kiss on his stubble covered cheek, "Think about me today, yea?" and Castiel nods, because he will.
The teen smiles and looks over his shoulder, up at the man he loves so damn much. "Mornin' Cas-" birds are chirping happily in the distance.
It's just so fucking insane how beautiful his own flesh and blood is, sometimes he thinks that maybe he should have given his boy a little
Dean makes the bed and doesn't do a very good job at it, the corners are never even but it's better than sleeping in their mess again. He takes care of the dishes, which is the absolute worst chore of all time. Then comes laundry which he doesn't mind so much, it's quite relaxing to get lost in the folding and putting away of shirts and pants. It's only relaxing to do this with Castiel's clothes, his own always end up on the floor and it's unclear why.
Bobby yells at them as soon as they walk in through the screen door, "Quit messin' around foods gettin' cold!" both Dean and Castiel laugh out loud and they take their seats at the table.
Dean didn't chase him right away. He stood there until it was late in the evening and he had gotten cold.
Castiel follows him into the bathroom and he uses the urinal as well, both of them trying not to look at each others junk. After they zip up, Dean grabs a soda from the fridge and pays for it himself and Castiel didn't stop him from doing so.
Castiel ignores the words being told to him because he's hard in his uniform pants right now, had been for a few minutes now. "You still want me?" his prison accent is a little thick, it's part of what's making the young man uncomfortable because he's so different now. "Because I'd fuck you right now if I could, over this table-"
John Winchester was good at faking the art of seduction, manipulation too. That's how they ended up sitting down for a movie on Castiel's day off and John was he was just glad that the theatre was dark enough so they wouldn't be seen since they were in his neck of the woods.
"Two sodas?" He nods. She wasn't aware he would be having company. "I'll be right back." and she's off to grab his order from the kitchen.
Dean asks, "What are we doing here-" and suddenly he doesn't care about what's going on because the older mans hand is caressing his face, his thumb runs across his bottom lip so tenderly. "Cas-" his tone is shy. "I feel funny inside, stop-"
Dean grabs a pile of freshly cut wood to bring inside but before he can make it to the back door, that terrible smell finally hits him. He'd been so preoccupied by his work that it didn't phase him until now. A rustling in the woods has his gaze going in that direction, eyes fixed on the bare trees.
There's a flash of blue light in the sky that surprises them all. "Was it going to rain tonight?" Castiel asks Bobby, who shrugs, saying he didn't hear anything on the news. "It sure rains a lot out here-"
The teen lets himself fall onto the bed, on his stomach but is man handled onto his elbows and knees once more. "Cas-" his tone is tight, annoyed. "Make up your damn mind-" a moist, thick finger is probing it's way inside his hole. "Ugh-" his head falls forward, resting on the bed.
Both men were worried about him though, he hadn't spoken about what happened by the train tracks. Every time the news ran the story -
The teen has been so loving and affectionate these last few days and it's been so nice. Castiel fears that all of this might disappear when they get back to their real lives.
Once the teen seems to have calmed down, Castiel offers to hold him for a while and he eagerly accepts his affection. He lays back and Dean lays next to him on the bed, nuzzling his face into the older mans neck. He inhales deeply, loving the scent of his barely there cologne and presses a kiss to his skin. Then another, and another.
He tosses the rake randomly over the pile of leaves he just made, they fly up in the air a few inches but he doesn't care. He'll rake them up again when he comes back. "Yea?" he walks in, looking around for his uncle.
Dean moans loudly, "Ughh-" and those moans start coming out of him in tandem each time the cock in his ass punches into him. "Oh, fuck-" he falls onto his stomach after losing his balance and he's flipped onto his back once more for the finale that was coming soon. "Ugh, shit-" he cries weakly.
Dean pouts, "God this house is full of freaks." After a while of silence, he makes the comment, "You know whose really gassy-" Dean chews with his mouth full. "-is Sammy. Give that boy a taco or burrito and you'll be sorry." The adults look at him before they start laughing again. "I'm serious, he stinks up the entire room."
The very next evening Castiel stumbles in through the front door with take out in one hand and his work bag in the other. The beautiful smile of an eleven year old boy is what greets him and a movie already cued up on the television for them to watch. Yeah, this was definitely a better view to come home to.
"I guess-" he tries to hide the blush on his cheeks by looking away and casually says "I better go before Bobby loses his shit-" and gets on his tip toes to kiss the older man goodnight before letting himself out.
Castiel comes looking for them, catching them in the act of whatever it was they were doing. "I made some sandwiches, come eat."
They kept sleeping like that for weeks. Nothing much happened aside from kissing and holding each other in bed. Castiel was very much still aware that he was thirteen. They built a comfortable routine in which Dean was going to school and actually getting good grades for once. His friend Sam was coming over on weekends to play video games and hangout. Even slept over a few times. That made Dean very happy.
Dean grabs his phone in rage and begins to type the nastiest things to his step father. When he doesn't get a response right away his texts to the man grow more foul.
Dean waves it off, "Ah-no big deal, I'm not gonna break over a little man handling." he kisses the older man again, using his tongue this time for a few moments. "We good?"
The drive back felt strange, as usual they stop at the diner for a quick bite- they didn't feel like cooking. When they're seated Robin comes over to take their orders, "Sorry about your dad-" she says, looking at Dean.
Dean wishes he could- but he knows he isn't smart enough to pull that off. He always knew Castiel had been smarter than he led on, the guy went to nursing school and medical school.
Castiel ignores him and bites into his burger and it only takes him four bites to finish it- "Your burgers are better." he comments.
"Good boy." Castiel hovers over him now, pressing a kiss to his jawline before getting up to grab a towel to clean him up with. Dean lays there spent, unable to move just yet when he returns to clean him up. He blushes over his step dad fussing over him, he always did. "You okay?" he asks, realizing that he's just looking up at the ceiling without blinking very often.
Dean shrugs, "So what if I was?" then looks away to where he just was. His uncle shrugs back at him and resumes his task, hunched over the popped hood of a car. "I was talkin' to mom-" the man looks up at him instantly, wiping his hand on a rag because fixing the car can fucking wait.
Dean gulps, "You're old-" and the comment doesn't offend him one bit, to this boy he must seem as old as a dinosaur. "Sorry-" he looks at the inmates playing basketball again. "Does she know that you like guys-"
"Need you to fuck me-" Dean whimpers against his neck before he bites into the flesh gently, it ends up leaving a mark. "-please daddy."
themselves, they join Bobby for dinner. "I love hot dogs, Bobby." Dean mumbles with his mouth full and it makes Castiel snort.
Dean thinks about the topic so long that his stomach actually begins to hurt so he rolls onto his side, clutching his abdomen. As soon as thoughts of how his mother comforted him those few times growing up, that's when sleep manages to overcome him and he fades away into nothingness. Maybe he'll have a dream of being in his loving mothers arms, getting soft kisses to his forehead.
He checked the phone, " It's nothing. Come on Gabe we're gonna be late for class." Then stuffed it back in his pocket.
"Yea." Dean sits at the table, watching the man put ham and cheese on white bread. "Can I have those-" he speaks up, his eyes glued to a bag of potato chips he'd brought as well. Castiel pulls it open and brings it right over to him and he smiles. "We never have chips in the house-" he mumbles, crunching away happily.
Eventually other men start whistling and cat calling things in their direction, but he doesn't care and continues spoon feeding the boy because he knows the kid must be depressed. It's not easy to be locked up, especially at such a young age. Dean smiles once he's done eating in some sort of
Dean gets into the shower and gets himself squeaky clean in no time so it's not entirely shocking when he exits the bathroom to still find Castiel at the table with Bobby. He goes straight for his room and is about to pull on a pair of fresh boxers, but goes for the satin panties instead. They feel so soft going up his thighs, and feel amazing cupping his privates against his body so tightly.
Bobby frowns, "That was last week-" suddenly his hand is pressing against his forehead as if to check for a temperature. "Ya feel a little warm, think I should call an ambulance-"
"Dean? Ready to go?" Castiel asks him, "We can stop by for ice cream-" and he smiles, like he means it. "We'll get a pizza too, have a movie night?"
The only thing that keeps him going back to school is the fact that his stepfather and uncle believe in him so damn much, otherwise he probably would have quit and ended up working at some shady shop eventually.
Dean starts giggling against his neck and is now biting lower, and lower until reaching the strong muscled shoulder. He's got to hold on before biting the firm flesh because it's pretty hard there, not soft like his neck. Dean does this all on his own without any suggestions or ideas, which surprised Castiel and couldn't help but let out a groan.
Dean's eyes look down at the hand cupping his junk under the table. "I'll wait." Castiel lets go and eats what's left of the teens burger.
Dean meets his eyes and smiles at him briefly before he's joining the rest of the adults in the room. As he makes conversation with the other parents, his eyes occasionally glance towards Dean, who was goofing off with that Kevin kid. It was nice to see him having fun and enjoying himself, hopefully they remain friends after doing their communion.
Almost two weeks later Dean pulls up to the house in his truck after a long day at school to find his stepfather sitting on Bobby's porch rocking chair. When the man stands up and his eyes focus on the football in his hands, he's even more confused about what's going on.
Dean hums distractedly, managing to suck down half the pop into his mouth at once and Castiel caught the movement. The man is in awe of the boy before him because he can take half that thing into his mouth. Eventually he catches his weird looks and asks, "What-" and wipes his face with his sticky hand. "Is it all over my face?"
"Yea and I saved your ass." Dean pulls Castiel close to him by the collar of his shirt- planting a soft kiss on his lips. "Night Cas." Castiel gulps, nodding.
"Meg." Castiel rushes to her, "Did anyone go into Dean's room just now?" It takes a few moments but when she looks up, her eyes are filled with tears.
Castiel comes close, standing by the edge of the bed. "Where did you hear about fentanyl?" his voice is heavy with concern.
"You son of a bitch-" he whimpers out loud. He grabs a bag of chips and his fourth root beer of the day and goes to lock himself up in his room. That night, Castiel doesn't call him yet again. Doesn't text him either.
"You're the best gay boyfriend ever-" she kisses him on the cheek. "-make sure you get change for singles, okay?" she winks before getting up to start on her rounds.
Dean looks up at him then, "How old is she?" and not at all surprised that he's got a wife and kid- he's probably only gay while locked up.
Castiel chuckles softly, "That you didn't do-" his fingers are lightly tugging on the hair at the nape of the teens neck. "Is that how you really feel, you want me to be your real dad?"
"Years." Dean sniffles, "I hope he's doin' alright, he lives all by himself in this huge farm house."
Dean makes more sleepy tired noises before rolling over onto his stomach and falling back to sleep like he'd never woken. This time Castiel does exit the room because he has the overwhelming urge to bring him back into his boyfriends bed and just hold him forever.
Aside from everything that has happened the last couple of days and the cherry mess on his kitchen floor, he slept quite well.
Dean eats his fruit loops at the kitchen table when John stumbles out through the front door late for work. John rarely pays any attention to him and he's used to it by now. When he's done he pushes the bowl away and goes padding down the hallway barefoot- noticing their bedroom door was slightly open.
Maybe Dean Winchester will end up loving him too, but that's unlikely. The boy is young, has his whole life ahead of him, there's no way he will waste it moping over some guy who made him his bitch in prison for two years. It's time to break it off, distance himself from the boy- at least for a while, keep him on his toes. Dean's not the only boy he's had under his thumb in here, there's been at least a handful of them.
Castiel nods seriously looking around before saying, "I get commissary tomorrow, I'll get you something." and kisses his forehead roughly. After a quick wink and an ass squeeze, he's off to head back inside since rec time was over.
Dean grabs his jacket from the wall hook by the front door, "Bobby-" and peeks into the kitchen where his uncle was cleaning up. "Goin' to see Cas, you cool with that?" the older man nods, telling him to come back before midnight. "Thanks, won't be long-"
and he's not sure how he feels about it. His father would surely beat his ass but he wasn't there to make fun of him for thinking about it. If he was going to be gay, what better place to explore that than in prison with a scary but hot guy like his cell mate. So off he goes, sprinting in the direction the whistle came from.
Soft and sweet, the only way he can bare to do this because anything more would make him feel worse about it. "Do you like this?" he manages to ask after a few dozen little kisses.
Dean inhales dreamily, "I can humiliate you. Oh my God, I can fucking humiliate you-" the smile on him is priceless. "Cas, I was made to torture you. You know how much I fucking love to make you crazy-"
Castiel gets up from the bed and ff course, Dean notices his morning wood. That kid notices everything. "Dean, stop staring."
Castiel is following right beside them, "I'm still here-" he reassures because the boy started crying hysterically out of fear. "Spiderman too-" he holds up the stuffed doll in hopes of calming him down, it somewhat worked.
His neck is being devoured like they didn't just come two seconds ago, "Cas-" he tries pushing the man away. "-stop. You're not making sense-" when he feels the hard cock brush up at against him he freaks out, he can't possibly get fucked again. He's got nothing left in him. "Hell no-" he shoves Castiel away roughly. "What's gotten into you?"
“Don’t stop. “ He rasped, ripping  the sheet off his body. Honey colored skin exposed to the only light in his bedroom which was a few candles on  the table a few feet away from the bed.
"Mmm, what is it baby-" Castiel pulls Dean's shirt off, kissing down his bare freckled chest- going lower, he unbuttons his jeans- tugging them down.
Castiel shakes his head, "If you didn't want to tempt me, you're failing." he licks his lips, his eyes looking over the sweaty body not five feet from him. "You're not even trying-"
"Sure, Dean. No therapy." He forcefully smiles and watches Dean eat the rest of his meal. He had made progress- but not nearly enough. After the next few nights were spent with Dean walking out of bed - mid sleep- and dragging mud into the house, Castiel set up an appointment with a local therapist.
"Get em' out of here-" he orders another guard who yanks him away from all the prying eyes in the cafeteria, one of those eyes being his cell mates.
Castiel regrets those the most even if he did beg for those kisses and maybe he really did take advantage of the boys innocence. His stomach almost hurts with a twinge of guilt because he really just thought it was all so innocent back then, but was it
"Trust me-" Castiel leans close enough to whisper. "-I know women like you." he winks at her before leaving the diner. Luckily Dean hadn't seen or heard any of that, he was in the kitchen grilling up a storm. The rest of the day she ignores him until he's luckily picked up on time by his uncle.
"Nice wife-" Castiel comments, his arms are crossed at his chest and he's looking around the decent sized home.
Castiel's eyes almost bugged out of their sockets, shooting down to look at what was happening. All he could do was look at the hand massaging his hardening cock over his jeans. A helpless groan escaped his lips. He looked ashamed of it and covered his mouth with his hand.
Castiel bursts out laughing causing the phone to shake in his hand, making everything blurry. "Calm down, I was busy fixing the house." the smile on his face doesn't fade, Dean can be so cute when he's needy- at least he thinks so. "I thought about you in the shower this morning, when I jacked off."
The next morning is unfortunately his day off, it was only dreaded because he assumes Dean will tell his father about making him cry. Will today be the day he gets kicked out the house or worse, go to jail?
"Sure daddy." Dean gets in the shower, turns on the water- leaving the curtain wide open so he can watch.
Castiel lets go and goes to the bathroom, the door locks behind him. Dean sighs heavily and sits down on the bed, they were about to check out so he's expecting him to come out sooner or later. In ten minutes the man emerges from the bathroom and his eyes are red like he had been in there crying.
"The guy threw money at me and left-I laid there for a while. I couldn't get up- the guy hit me too." His knee starts bouncing under the table anxiously, "Everything hurt. Still does-"
Dean pulls on his arm, "Don't leave-" he looks around the room nervously. "Can you sleep in here-" Bobby nods before getting into the other side of the bed, instantly falling asleep, leaving him awake- alone. All he wanted was
"Aren't you sneaky-" Castiel pulls away completely to his side of the car. "Get the all clear and then I'll rent the cabin. Mind If I go in and get us something?" he asks, looking ahead at the coffee shop.
"No reason-" A chill runs down their spines, "You havin' nightmares, boy?" Maybe Dean scratched himself during a nightmare they're both hopefully thinking.
Dean holds up his hands, "Yoga is for girls, let's it keep it that way." Lisa shakes her head and leaves him alone in the break room, clearly thinking Dean Winchester was a loser and although she didn't say it, she clearly thought it- even if he was available, she didn't like him around her kid and rejected his multiple attempts to hang out with her. Just as
Sure his brother was well on his way to a successful career as a lawyer. He was in college, no time at all for Dean now. Sam even met a girl, Jessica was her name. They had been together almost 5 months now. Dean never kept a girl that long...he wondered how his brother did it.
