Sherlock didn't arrive to school the next day, and John was a mess. He couldn't get sleep, and the few minutes in which he seemed to get some rest, the image of his neighbor tortured and tied came back to his mind like a nightmare, except it wasn't. It had happened.
They arrived at Sherlock's house after a whole ride back in silence, it wasn't awkward or anything, it was actually pretty nice. Sherlock put his usual rock n' roll and that filled for the quietness. As soon as John stopped, he felt like he really
"Do you think that just because you are no longer 'John and Sherlock', he is going to fall into depression and feel miserable for the rest of his life? You didn't mean
Then, without saying any other word, John moved the blankets of the hospital bed and tucked himself next to Sherlock, who simply looked at him with surprise. John leaned his forehead against Sherlock's shoulder. "I thought you'd died on me."
Sherlock shrugged. “I want you to use them in this class. Right now. You have got two- erm, no, one almost perfectly drawn eye and another that could hardly be called an eye but it’s an- effort, and I want you to color them.”
"What the hell, Sherlock? Watching porn? Seriously? Control yourself!"- Harry said very, very seriously. John tried not to laugh.
Of course he was pretending. He couldn't be mad at Sherlock, how could he? Especially when he came and did things like these! He practically begged John to go with him! And John wished he was strong enough to say
“-titanium white, which is a pretty neutral shade of white, see?”, he said as he walked towards the box and grabbed the paint labeled as Titanium White. “Pretty sure this is the romanticized name of it, but works for me”, he said, good-heartedly.
Sherlock stared at him, his face showing his surprise. A tear was threatening to make its way out of his eye but he tried as hard as he could to pull it back. He couldn't, however, suppress the knot in his throat.
The sky was getting just a bit clearer, and the first hints of light were appearing. They moved further from the edge and stood there, next to each other silently.
He went on to explain some details, like the last victims, but he didn't mention Lacuna or anything that might trigger John's memory.
Just to clarify: John and Sherlock live in a town nearby London, but not in London. I had planned it since the very beginning but I'd forgotten to write it. x
They both came surprisingly -and embarrassingly- fast. John whispered Sherlock’s name as he guided him through. Sherlock simply kept his lips on John’s neck, as if he was physically unable to draw himself apart.
A quick update because you are all so wonderful and adorable and I can't thank you enough for all the love this little one has received! Enjoy and pls keep commenting, your comments are my yellow stars on the ceiling (you'll understand when you read the chapter)! ;)
Sherlock closed his eyes. He stood still, not daring to say a word. He simply moved forward and kissed John’s neck. He grabbed John’s hand and guided it towards his cock.
He felt the blood pumping through his veins and maybe it was because he was being called 'doctor' or because Sherlock was right next to him, but it was exciting, and terrifying at the same time. Just like what he used to have with Sherlock. But not anymore.
He cleared his throat and shifted awkwardly and Sherlock looked up from his book, frowning. John didn't change his expression, and stood straight. "Hi."
He heard a long, distant, ripping sob, coming from somewhere. He slowly looked up and found John’s eyes fixed on him from the other side of the living room, looking at him worriedly. The sob had been his own, he realized.
And that was the problem: as they kissed, John could only see colors, a thousand different colors he could name but he didn’t want to, it was a myriad of cyans and greens and yellows and magentas and it was beautiful, as if a whole painting was drawing itself within his own brain.
The thing Sherlock hated the most about the avant-gardes (their lack of details and their need to detach from reality) took a whole new meaning with John Watson: reality and colors and textures and shapes and all those elements from impressionism and surrealism were mixed there, with a
Sherlock closed his mouth immediately and realized it was better not protesting against that, because Hikes was right and he couldn't stand being thrown out of another school again. Which would surely happen if the director found out. No. He had to stay here. For John. For no one. For himself. Definitely
John started to get angry. "So I'll just sit here and shut up because you want me to? Do you think I'm your
John was greeted with the sound of a violin melody. He stopped at the entrance of the flat to see Sherlock’s back as he stared through the window while he played the violin. It was beautiful and incredibly intense. The melody, though John couldn’t recognize it, was generally upbeat, but it was tainted with small traces of melancholy.
One of the investigators stopped them at the entrance. "Hey! Wait! What do you think, that you can just get any friend inside to peek whenever you want to?"
While Sherlock stared at Jones through the glass of the interrogation room, Lestrade stood next to him. They remained silent for a moment, until Lestrade decided to speak up, "you were at the hospital."
But now, standing in the middle of an empty flat, a flat as lifeless as he felt, the only 'Chiaro' he had left was the hideous white of the walls, standing as empty canvas, reminding him of the life that was and the life that is.
John had to admit the fair was cool. He like those kinds of things. Well, actually before this one he hadn’t been to a fair before, and as soon as he walked in he thought about the horrible idea he might actually be wasting the best years of his life. Of course he was, but that was definitely going to change.
Still, he couldn’t help to be surprised to find John in his flat once again, without previous notice, no text messages, nothing. He stood up in a rush. “John”, he said.
"Yes, but he didn't understand any reason! It was a waste of time. Anyway, I have to go. See you later." He said leaving his chair.
“John, you need to know that you were always there. Always”, he looked up and finally, finally met John’s eyes. His expression was darkened with pain, his eyes were watering and his breathing was ragged. “I had to save you, make sure you would be okay and then”, he sobbed, “and then you weren’t and you went and got your mind erased. And I failed at that too.”
"SHUT THE FUCK UP AND GET IN THE CAR NOW!", John said, running towards the driver's seat. Sherlock stared at him, surprised by the boy's reply, but a second later, went into the car.
John was looking at the window but as soon as Sherlock spoke he faced him: "What did you say?" -John asked distractedly.
The name sounded familiar. Perhaps whispered in the artists’ circles, in the most exclusive, selective places he'd been in. He'd surely heard his name before.
“I remembered-”, Melissa continued before pressing play, “that Isabella told us that she used to stay at that hotel, and so it held one of her biggest mementos of her life with her husband.”
Sherlock frowned as he stared at his phone. He didn’t look particularly interested in the conversation but he didn’t look annoyed either. “Who?”
They were supposed to represent life and celebrate the human body and the complexity and depth of it and yet this resembled more to a funerary rite than to a living, actual, human body.
Maybe, just maybe his heart rate was accelerating. Which was good, it usually started like that. Then, his body temperature would raise, his mind would go blank and he would be in a completely different reality. Which was what he loved the most.
“A musical composition which fits perfectly and harmonically. That’s what you are”, he said into his ear.
It was as if time had never passed. Dust was everywhere, and the windows were closed which made the place look dismal and gray but it was his home and he wouldn't have it any other way. Their home, a voice in his mind said.
“Yes. Hm. I think that’s the right combination, or as close as it might possibly get to be. But you’re the expert.”
"Yes, the more you hate him, the more destined you are to have to work with him. It's just the way it works, you know? There's nothing you can do about it."
After an almost endless week of exams and paper works, John and Sherlock finally managed to go to the fair on Friday. It was as crowded as two weeks ago, and almost as uneventful. Well, not really.
"Because you like biology. You are interested in becoming a doctor and here we have two corpses who might serve perfectly for your purposes." Sherlock replied naturally.
John clenched and unclenched his hand. He straightened his neck and his shoulders squared. “Before you jumped, before you made me watch kill yourself, had we-”, John stopped himself, dragging a deep breath, trying desperately to calm himself down.
John climbed in wondering if he had lost his mind. He was taking a cab with a complete and total stranger who…surprisingly didn’t feel like a stranger at all.
1. This had to happen. It really had. It has its own reason, so don't look at it as something bad for their story, but as something that's building their story. Things had to be said, they had been keeping too much for themselves.
John turned to look at the desk, at the folder with his name and his picture and his expression transformed again into pure one of pure, absolute rage.
Sherlock was so enraptured in the composition that he hadn’t even realized John was there until he was finished. He put his violin back in his case and turned, and as soon as he saw John he jumped with a little (adorable) gasp.
The ideas were in his head, had been ever since he saw that painting at the Tate Modern, yet he couldn’t put the ideas on paper and he wanted to scream. How to picture the movement inside his own brain? It was spiraling around; his thoughts were painted in yellow and red and orange and he realized he felt the same anguish the painting claimed to be about.
"I told you that I was leaving at 4! It's 3:10! Can't you be a little patient? God you don't have to kick the door and make a scandal!" John tried to lower his voice once he found how embarrassing this situation was.
With an apologetic smile, Greg walked right behind Sherlock, leaving a baffled Sarah at the waiting room.
And the warm hand was gone and as John opened his eyes all he could see was the silhouette of the greaser getting lost in the hall. And he breathed deeply. Sherlock Holmes was full of surprises and damn it they almost kissed again! What was happening? What was this boy? What was that John was feeling? He sighed and sat on the chair Sherlock had sat on minutes ago, covering his face with his hands, trying to understand, but he couldn't.
John was certainly taking his time. But Sherlock would wait. He would wait forever. The very thought of seeing John again was what got him moving right now, looking for a way to make the world a safer place for John, expecting to give him good news once they met again.
and about John’s nonsensical reactions towards Irene. It was about showing weakness and sentiment. It was about wanting more, wishing more. Somehow Irene had managed to bring those things and to place them as some kind of barrier between him and John.
"Don't worry about me. You can go, your girlfriend must be waiting for you." John said and it sounded more hurt than he intended to.
"So, bad week for love, huh?" John said trying to come as funny but it ended up sounding melancholic.
Sherlock sneaked into the room trying hard not to wake him up, grabbed his clothes and took a quick shower. He dressed up in a hurry, forcing himself not to think, not to think, not to think. He couldn't avoid it, but he could pretend he wasn't thinking about the scar, he wasn't thinking about John being a potential target. He wasn't thinking about how he had to keep John in the dark about it. He wasn't thinking about the risks of investigating this, about how John Watson was in danger.
“Anyone acting suspiciously? Anyone asking questions about her? Any employee interested on her? You’ve got to remember.”
He took a chair and sat in front of the white canvas he had set up in front of a tripod, grabbed a charcoal and started drawing.
He opened his mouth to speak. He found nothing but a tiny, uncertain and shaky whisper: "John..." was all he managed to say.
"Did you know? Did you plan this?", John asked, no longer yelling, not sounding angry anymore, just...physically and emotionally drained. And that was even worse.
Melissa was a fan. An old admirer of the blog, a person who had actively helped them and who looked as if she enjoyed doing so.
John smiled as he leaned closer and stared at the heavy brushstrokes of the painting, and he could almost picture Van Gogh painting them as he poured every single thought of his mind and every single emotion of his soul into the light of the stars. They were yellow. Strokes in spiral, strokes with shape, strokes with lines, strokes that looked so full of painting, they were able to bring life to the picture.
"...Yes?" Sherlock said growing tired of the conversation because God, Harry was drunk, but he felt a pinch of interest.
"Did you see the way he was looking at you when I mentioned the condom things? Oh John, he was so jealous!"
It was honestly getting tiresome to come back to that dim, boring and endlessly white place, which held nothing but people with broken hearts, whose faces showed only pain and tears.
He stood up and pulled his trousers and pants down. John caressed the inside of Sherlock's thighs and moved up, slowly. Sherlock shuddered. His hands found his cock and grabbed it softly, but firmly.
He opened his eyes as soon as his orgasm dissipated to find that John had just reached that point, and it was the most spectacular sight he'd ever seen. Locked and sealed, directly into his mind palace, along with the feeling of John pulsing against his skin.
Lestrade turned to look through the window, but Sherlock could tell from his tone that the hideous smirk was still in place, "good. I'm glad."
John felt sick. He hadn't talked to Harry, hadn't even looked at her when he arrived. He couldn't face her now, couldn't bring himself to apologize, to admit he had been an idiot, the biggest idiot in the world.
John stood fixed to that spot, unable to move. His brain couldn’t process it all at the same time, it was still trying to adjust to the warmth of Sherlock’s breath by his ear, to the softest hint of his lips touching his earlobe, to the touch of their hands. It took him so long to respond that he hadn’t even realized that Sherlock had walked away.
The man ignored Sherlock's attitude and kept talking, a very serious look on his face. "Clearly you are not familiar with the rules of this school."
Finally, John broke the spell with a nod, a military nod, a carefully constucted one, reminiscent of John's last goodbye to Sherlock on the grave, after his speech. Sherlock ignored it. He started walking towards Baker Street.
Victor stared blankly ahead and Sherlock rolled his eyes. Finally he frowned. “No, not that I remember. I haven’t received anything, and I haven’t seen anything suspicious.”
John shouldn't be as excited as he was of going to school, he didn't what to admit the thought that was going through his mind:
?! That's what I'm asking you Sherlock!, how come you don't have any friends but you're taking me to Scotland Yard?, what am I, then?"-John felt another rush of anger similar to the one he felt the day before, Sherlock was unbelievable.
"WHAT? You backed out? Oh John! You blew your chance little boy! Ugh! I knew this would happen! I shouldn't have left early! I should have waited until you both were covered beneath the sheets and lock you up and hide the key somewhere you could never find it again! John, why did you do that?"
He used to think that fame and money and girls -and boys- was all he needed to reach happiness, and at first, he thought he felt happy. But after all of that was gone he realized he was never happy, not for a single moment, he hadn’t been happy since the very moment his painting was unveiled at the Tate Gallery.
The first time Sherlock saw John Watson again, the vision was so overwhelming the detective had to stop for a second and take a deep breath, focusing all of his senses into the man standing across the street. Only in that precise instant Sherlock felt back at home, and did he miss that home.
John dragged a deep breath. “It’s- it’s not that. I-”, his gaze turned towards his trembling -not trembling now- hand, “my bloody hand”.
He took it out, checked it a bit, it was different from the one he had when they first met, this one was newer, but John didn't care much about it, and he barely used it, judging from the state of it.
"Before that-" John sighed, his voice quivering. "We... We had a sort of fight, I... I told him he was a
God, he needed a cigarette. He needed it so badly. He wished with all his heart Jim and the gang wouldn't be at the smoking corner, he didn't feel like talking at all.
"I have told you enough about me! I have told you everything you need to know about me! I have even talked to your mother about me and you still think you don't know me? Then I think you never will. Simple as that." Sherlock said standing up from the car hood.
They stopped in front of John's house but John didn't leave the car. "This is all on you, Harry. We can't help you anymore. I doubt you can help yourself."
He didn't know where to go from here: the hospital was one thing, but coming back to the place where everything happened, where everything had broken, where everything had been forgotten, might be too much.
Sherlock stood silent for a moment, simply staring at him. John felt his heart stopping in his chest. “Don’t be absurd, John”, he finally replied.
Sherlock’s hands caressed John’s arms, and then touched his chest, stopping over his heart, feeling the rapid heartbeats, marveling at the anatomy, the composition and the structure of John’s body. John’s perfect body.
“Yes”, Sherlock said, his eyes still closed, waiting to listen to the sound of John’s footsteps leaving the flat. It was the only logical outcome.
John left the classroom thinking of the huge mistake he had made, and this definitely was the wake up call, because in just one week he had already broken the rules twice, and it was all Sherlock's fault! He might enjoy spending time with the greaser, but this was getting out of his hands. Now, more than ever, he had to put a stop to this.
He heard the greaser singing for the rest of the trip, only stopping to give John some indications as where to turn or which road to take. After a time without saying a word, John turned to look at Sherlock, who was staring out of the window and singing. And he smiled at the sight.
?". Sherlock's face looked even more confused, more lost, he seriously had no idea of what she was implying.
. He looked at the wrapped present. A book, fairly obvious, probably about murders or anatomy. His favorite subjects. He opened it up.
He simply walked away and realized that Sherlock had already set up a paper and a tripod so John could start drawing.
Sarah stood up immediately, worried. She reached for his wrist to take his pulse but it was too slow. He had just passed out but she couldn't be able to stabilize him. She would have to take him to a bigger clinic.
Sherlock stood up and grabbed the violin, and started playing without even paying attention to what he was playing. His mind was focused on retaining every single detail of what John had told him and storing it carefully on his mind palace.
“I needed a cover so I could leave and destroy Moriarty’s network. And so I did. I left and I spent those eighteen months chasing down his allies. India, Germany, Budapest, Argentina… Serbia”, his voice trembled. He cleared his throat.
As if he would have such luck. Nurses came and go as if his room was an open bouffet, and every once in a while other doctors would check on his vital signs. He got his mask removed two days later and Mycroft would keep an eye on him most of the time, and when he wasn't there he kept his minions by the door, guarding it. He would escape through the window but he was on a third floor and felt too weak to do it so, plus, John was there.
Alright, a small announcement before you continue with the story: I've been very busy with uni so next week there won't be an update, but don't worry! I'll be back in two weeks! And a small reminder you can find me on
There was something deep, deep inside, something he never dared say aloud. Sherlock felt a terrible fear that one day he would wake up and John might be gone, or rather, that his memory would be gone. The anxiety never went away, it never faded, sometimes it mixed with an unreasonable anger towards John, which then turned into anger with himself for leaving, it was a full circle.
Anthea came in a few seconds later, clearly John Watson was on top of the archives. Mycroft grabbed it and passed it down to Sherlock. In the first page there was a picture of John, and Sherlock had to take a breath to steady himself.
"...I hadn't taken them in a long while. And I broke up with Victor. I wanted it to be definite. Because he kept using me and using me over and over and over. I had enough. I gathered enough strength and I rushed out of there because I knew I would fall again if I stayed in there for any longer. That's all I remember."
Sherlock closed his eyes and recorded John's smell John's body John's hair John's hands John's back. He had done so before, a thousand times, and yet everytime he did so he found something new, something worthy, something magnificent.
He was sitting there when he heard someone running towards him, he looked up and he saw a blurry Sherlock, lifting his chin and examining his face, looking at it carefully. John took Sherlock's hand away and stood up by himself. Though it really hurt.
Perhaps that was what he missed the most about the war. Perhaps that was the kind of danger which London didn't have. His boring, empty life in London.
He observed the pictures of the victims. All of them had died somewhere they were familiar with, either at their working place or at their house. Except for Isabella, and yet she had been at a place she knew, a place she was comfortable with. Or as comfortable as she could get in a hotel room.
"Fine. So, a little break huh?" John said moving towards the desk and taking a slice of apple pie and a glass of milk.
She finished the salad. Looked at Sherlock, who was looking at the window, thinking, as usual. She smiled. "Let's go back to Baker Street."
Thank you so much for all your support towards this fic! I hope you continue along with me down this crazy road and see you in two weeks or so! x
So John entered to his house, forced himself not to look at Sherlock and did his very best to ignore him everyday. Sometimes it was easier, sometimes it was harder and he couldn't resist the impulse of peeking through the window and checking if he was still there, investigating.
Sherlock didn't know what to say, why did he? He didn't have the answer, he had no idea, he certainly hated not knowing. "Why did John, amongst all people, chose to call you?"
John stood up as Sherlock talked and went to his bedroom, closing the door. Sherlock became silent since John moved, he was shocked in surprise. He looked down, unlocked his phone.
"That you'll have to find it by yourself." He pointed at a specific point of the paper. "...This is the address."
Then she enjoyed it. She recruited the patients, learnt everything there was to learn about them, arrived to their homes and tortured them without even touching them, until they asked to be released of their pain. Only then she killed them.
John kept his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, reminding him that he was there, but not making any move to stand in front of him. He knew that this was easier if Sherlock couldn’t see his face. Brilliant John.
John did and he found Sherlock's blue/gray/green eyes fixed on him. As captivating and seductive as always. "I've had enough."
Mycroft and Sherlock were looking at each other quietly. Their eyes fixed on each other defiantly. John could feel the tension, and he wanted to run away, but he couldn't. Finally, he decided he had to fix this. He cleared his throat and both Mycroft and Sherlock turned to look at him questioningly, as if they had forgotten he was there. "I'm starving, so I'd appreciate the dinner, thank you." He said moving towards the dining room, trying to look as normal as he could.
It was never just a single friendship. He should have known it from the very beginning, when John killed a man to save his life after just having met for a day, and when Sherlock was able to cure John’s limp after they had dinner together.
“John, you are a brilliant artist, and you’ve seen the horrors of war by yourself. This is the perfect opportunity to resume your career, to be the John Watson you used to be.”
it spreading all over his body, anchoring him to the ground, as if a ton of debris had fallen over him. Over them.
There was the echo of the raindrops falling over the rotten ceiling. There was no other sound, it was silent. Way too silent.
The greaser got out of the car fixing his leather jacket and sighing in relief at the sight of the boy, who looked terrified, but with no gun wound, while John kept his mouth wide open in surprise. "Hello, John." He said avoiding the eye contact with John, and trying to sound as nonchalant as possible, he made his way towards the house, followed by the boy, who kept his eyes fixed on him, questioningly.
Sherlock sat on the chair and started typing again, they already had two and a half pages. "I don't take breaks when I'm working."
The cafeteria was boring and full of people and... John was sitting at the nerds table with some boys and girls and he was smiling and Sherlock hated him for that and cursed internally for accepting taking lunch with those idiots and forced himself to believe he wasn't doing it just so he could look at John.
John stood there, silent, seeing as Sherlock walked away. Leave him alone once and for all. Good choice Sherlock made. Except it wasn't and John didn't want to do it, but if that was what Sherlock wanted, that was what he would get. He sighed, he was so angry, so shocked, so...
Sherlock didn't know how to feel about it, it had been so long since he didn't go to a party, the last time... The accident had happened.
He decided the best thing for him to do was to pretend everything was normal and alright and smile while he felt bad inside. So he sat with Mike and his friends at the table. He couldn't help but glare quickly towards the popular table, a.k.a the
Sherlock said turning to look at John, who was now looking at him, they stared at each other’s eyes fixedly. “Have you seen it?”
When he arrived home, there was no one there. His mom was probably at the house of one of her friends playing bridge, which was her only moment of fun and joy she could have. His father was working, and Harry, of course, with Clara. He sighed and went to his bedroom, he was right when he told Mike that he didn't want to go home, because it was boring, lonely, cold. And it never felt like
Again, as the previous three days, he had to get ready quickly so he wouldn't miss the bus, because if he missed it, he had to walk, and if there was something worse than having to take the bus to school it was having to walk to school.
He pushed his hips against John’s, so he could feel his hardness. He didn’t stop himself. Didn’t stop to think about it. He
She laughed. "Oh, he broke your heart didn't he? I warned you he would do that, you remember? You weren't drunk yet, I believe."
John stood up and sat right behind Sherlock. Then he reached out and traced the path of the scars in his back, softly, gently. Sherlock dragged a deep breath and leaned into the touch. John replaced his fingers with his lips and kissed the skin that had stitched together after the whips, a touch that could only be compared with that of a feather. There was so much love behind John's touch.
"Yes! Don't you know who he is? Come on! Sherlock Holmes! He used to solve like every crime in the country and Dr. Watson wrote about it."
not quite a fan, no. Simply curious about you”, she turned to look at John and turned back to look at Sherlock, “about
When John finally turned to look at him again, he simply stared. “How are you feeling?”, he asked after a while.
John laughed and shook his head. "Preferable to trick poor little John, funnier than telling the truth, wasn't it?"
real. But it wasn't true. Of course it wasn't. The Sherlock who was a jerk and a bully and had his friends was the real Sherlock, not the nice boy John thought he had met underneath him. That one didn't exist. It was just a disguise. A joke. That was what he was for the greaser: a joke.
him. Sometimes she managed it, sometimes she didn't and cracked up laughing. Mr Watson threw her a killing gaze every time and she looked away, cleared her throat and sat straight.
John blinked and walked away from the mirror, looking down. The scar in his shoulder, as if he would want to draw a reminder of the part of him he despised the most, as if he could just let it all go, as if war had never meant anything, as if it turned out to be nothing but a one-dimensional, lousy sketch. No, that was not what he wanted his scar to mean.
So he convinced himself he was going to talk to Sherlock after the lunch and tell him that even though he had lots of fun with him, they could no longer be friends, or whatever they were, and that would certainly be it.
John went downstairs and passed by a group of doctors and photographers and as he entered to the basement, he had to lay into one of the walls to resist the urge to faint. The scene was terrible. The man's arms were tied and he showed clear signs of torture, then,
John looked at him without saying a word. Finally he spoke again. "What has that to do with what I just told you?"
He stood up and walked towards Sherlock, and waited patiently, waited for the allegro and the crescendo and the grand finale, and waited until he could properly wrap his arms around him, because that was the only thing he could think about.
"Are we alright?", Sherlock couldn't help but ask softly, sounding incredibly small. John smiled back at him and leaned even closer, placing a tiny butterfly kiss on Sherlock's nose. Sherlock's eyes closed.
"We were assigned this damn work for history in pairs." They laughed. Sherlock frowned because again it
His brain was still not working, didn't want to react. It wanted to shut itself out of the rest of the world, it was as if his brain was paying him back for all the things he had done to it.
"From looking at you! From hearing you talk! From seeing the way you tap your fingers when you're nervous or how you clench your fists when you're stressed. From listening the way you hesitate when you're nervous or how you lick your lips when you're anxious! I just knew it when I looked at you! I didn't know it back there, but now it's clearer than ever. And I don't mind anymore..."
The man smiled widely. "I have told you a hundred times, haven’t I?" He said walking around Sherlock. “You will always come back to me.
Sherlock closed his book and stood up. He was taller, so much taller than John, and he felt so small in front of the greaser who looked so confident and secure of himself. "Alright, good."
"Sherlock?" John said, still don't believing what just happened and how a stupid argument ended up in... the end.
The National Gallery of British Art was no longer called like that, it was called the Tate Gallery. Sherlock liked the other name better, brought images of memories he had carefully stored in his mind palace, images he never wanted to forget.
Sherlock took John by his shoulders and leaned him closer to him. The boy felt again his head against the greaser's chest and he focused in hearing his heartbeat. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry."
"Why didn't you tell me?", John asked lowly, breaking the deadly silence. "You had a thousand opportunities, you could have-"
"He might have forgotten about what you did, but I didn't, and you coming back is not a good sign. You bring trouble miss Adler. Everywhere you go, you call for problems, and I want us to stay away from them as much as we can"
Yet Sherlock had promised him he would leave him alone as soon as they had this conversation, this conversation that they didn't even get to finish.
"Come on John, I'm your sister, I know you, I'd never seen you looking at anybody the way you look at him." Harry talked calmly and softly, glancing at John.
“I’m using a larger brush to paint the- what did you call it? Never mind, the white part, for obvious reasons”, he said as he stood in front of the canvas again.
He had always hated modern art. He didn't know why, he simply couldn't get it. He saw no magic behind a can of tomato soup, or behind a urinal. He couldn't understand how that was supposed to be labelled in the same category as what Caravaggio did.
Sherlock closed his eyes. No. This couldn't be happening, but of course it was, of course, this was Mycroft's idea of a proper punishment, a proper lesson to learn, to bring a broken, desperate, unconscious Sherlock and show him to John. He could have been taken anywhere,
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and stood up in a rush, feeling more dizzy and having to lean against the wall to stop himself from falling down. John walked towards him to hold him. “Sherlock!”
She made herself comfortable on the car and turned to look at Sherlock. "I love causing trouble and spending time with you. Why wouldn't I?"
They couldn't get rid of their clothes, that would take too much time. John needed this. Sherlock needed this.
Sherlock swallowed. It felt as if he was trying to eat a rock. His mouth was dry. "Why are you telling me all of that?", he asked quietly.
John smiled into the kiss and pressed his lips harder against Sherlock’s, who could only respond in eager before opening his mouth and deepening their kiss. While John’s brain had collapsed for a moment, the first thought that crept into his mind as soon as it decided to wake up was that nothing, ever, had felt the way
"I can tell from one look at your face everything you did today. Of course I knew that day that you were lying, and no, she's not dead."
He allowed himself to move closer, to press himself as close to John's back as he possibly could, to feel their bodies together, John's back merging with his chest, their breathing synchronised, moving at the same time, as if they were just one. Apart by a lot of layers of clothes, but feeling the closest they've ever been. Sherlock closed his eyes and smiled in relief. He could get used to this. He could wake up to this every single morning, feel the rise and fall of John's chest below his hands for the rest of his life. Hell, this was everything he never thought he wanted.
Sherlock looked perplexed. “You don’t want to?”, he asked, and for that moment he sounded incredibly small.
He must have fallen asleep at some other point. There was not much else to do, to be honest. He wanted to think about what Greg had told him but his mind was foggy and muddled because of the morphine. He could feel the gears inside of his Mind Palace as it slowly rebuilt around the destruction his near death had caused it.
John frowned, looking at them as they left, he was confused, how was he supposed to know where they would be meeting? He didn't know Sherlock Holmes at all. Then how could he figure it out? He really didn't have the slightest idea of what to make out of it. He decided it was better to wait for lunch to find it out.
brought to life by John's mere presence, but also by John's passion for colors. Standing there, not even John's presence was enough to bring light to this place. It had nothing of John's imprint on it. John was too magical, too big, too much for this boring place.
Mycroft looked at him with that same fake smile. "How could you possibly know? As far as I know you were in... Brighton, right?...with your sister. Sherlock stood here. Irene was here too."
He heard the door opening once again and he sighed, feeling in that limbo existent amidst being asleep and being awake, or as awake as he could possible be with that quantity of morphine on his system.
“Yes. An- improvement, from what you just showed me”, Sherlock said picking up the paper and examining it up close. “There are of course some problems with the lighting and the shapes, but, that’s. Good. We can work with this.”
Sherlock closed his eyes as he sighed. He heard the footsteps moving around 221B, he heard the rustle of fabric against fabric, he heard the footsteps walking away.
He stared at them. Big age difference, not much in common except for the fact they’d gotten out of painfully long relationships and
“Yes. Not going with you. But- sounds familiar, that’s all”, he cleared his throat, “continue, please.”
Sherlock woke up an hour later, he turned to face John, who was pretending to sleep. He touched his arm. "John, John!"- he opened his eyes. He looked at the detective who was looking at him with sleepy eyes and a tiny smile. "Good morning."-John smiled, "Good morning, Sherlock". Yes, that was definitely everything he needed, everything he always wanted.
He felt crowded. He needed space. He needed to breathe. He needed Lestrade to get away immediately because he had shown far too much vulnerability as it was, he simply couldn't keep making a fool of himself because of John.
Sherlock simply stared at him but said nothing. He put his hands behind his back. “And I take it you haven’t painted anything ever since.”
"...After that I helped Lestrade with a case concerning a series of suicides assisted by the use of a pill, in which you proved yourself helpful. They weren't suicides and we... solved the crime together and well... it made the headlines. Suddenly we became known as a good partnership. The press made more out of it, but that was all. I hadn't seen you since then and that day..."
"My well being? My well being? If you knew at least a little about me then you wouldn't have called my brother!" -he didn't know why, he felt so defensive, like if he was being exposed.
He sighed and started drinking his coffee. The gig ended at eight and he couldn't recall a single one of the songs they played. John Watson was all there was in his mind.
But he felt that if he could understand John Watson in some way, he’d be able to understand what that anguish represented for him and what he wanted to say when he painted it.
. He understood how hard it was, there were so many things John wanted to keep just to himself, because he was too ashamed people would know, and he thought it might as well had been the same for Sherlock.
As he stared at the photograph, John wished he could be Dorian Gray. He wished he could place all the burdens of his soul onto the picture and so he would remain being the same man he used to be before the war and look as if time and memories and death had never affected him.
"Oh." John managed to say as soon as he understood what Molly meant. He cleared his throat, feeling a bit awkward. "I see." He certainly didn't expect that, well, he had been talking to her these last few days, had even walked with her to some of her classes since Tuesday, but he never realized she would be interested in him romantically. The thought startled him.
The next morning, Sherlock was awaken by the ringing of his phone. Well, not exactly the ringing, the woman's tone. He opened his eyes immediately. "
Sherlock raised his other eyebrow. She was definitely an amateur, if she didn’t know that Sherlock could not possibly care less about his own life, no matter how much he tried. His own existence had only ruined everything and everyone around him, and so if she killed him she would do him a favor. He didn’t reply.
- chair, patting the Union Jack pillow. Sherlock could feel the corner of his lips twitching up a bit. There was still a glimpse of the old John Watson at least.
"Because I saw the way his eyes sparkled whenever he remembered an adventure with you, and all I could think about is through which hell he must be going through to make such a definite choice."
Sherlock nodded and pulled himself up as much as his wound allowed him to, and their lips met once again.
He looked down and saw John’s fingers desperately trying to rip open his shirt. “You okay?”, he whispered.
John sighed and leaned even closer towards the painting. “Look at the brushstrokes. No, seriously, look at them.”
After cleaning John, Sherlock stared into his eyes and seriously said "so definitely no more kissing for a while."
“How come?” Q asked as he started setting up his laptop and other equipment he needed to safely remote access Q-branch (009 was on a sensitive mission in Namibia which also was the latest spotting point of Rebecca Frost so he wanted to check in on her).
"Vanessa nicknamed 'Ness was a good actor and well liked by everyone. Yesterday she was working at the cinema and before that she was at a movie convent. Apparently she was collecting old movie stuff. She also had a boyfriend but nobody has a high opinion of him."
"And don't tell me you can't lose a trail anymore Em?" he couldn't help tease his brother who sat down next to Bond - the sitting placing was such he and John at one long side, Bond and Emanuel on the other long side Bond opposite of John and the brothers opposite of each other. At the short end between John and Bond Mummy was seated. Amalia sat in a child chair screwed onto the table between Mummy and John happily altering between dropping her bee to get John pick it up or banging it on various surfaces. The place between him and Em was empty but set for Father. He was probably out in the garden or in his little work shop, botanist by profession and tinkerer in his free time Father always had some project on.-
"Who is fooling who?" 007 asked innocently (not that Q was fooled but he wanted to rant about it so he decided to answer).
"I said just tea and toast John" the detective spoke up. The doctor didn't even flinch; he just continued working the dough in front of him as he replied:
"Oh I don't know some classic romantic movie" They chatted for a bit more but the landlady didn't have anything more of use to say so John excused himself and went upstairs to check on Sherlock.
"So and so. Everybody likes Ness, she is very friendly." Damn no obvious enemy, time to play it a bit risky. John let out a laugh and let a charming smile play on his lips.
"Yes please tell us," 007 asked putting one hand on Q:s neck working out the knots that had formed there - God damn double-0:s and their magical hands. Still shell-shocked Q let his fingers still and leaned back slightly in the amazing hand.
"I need to see better," John said and James obediently took of his jacket. Through the tight shirt John could see how the muscular work and it seemed to be some pretty messy scar-tissue. John wanted to take a closer look at it so he waved his hand at the skirt and in silent understanding James removed the shirt, they had been through this so many times before. It really was some messy scar-tissue and John was just about to ask how long the bullet had been in this time when a sharp voice cut through the silence, disturbing his examination.
"Well you can't match me in too I know for a fact that I don't own anything purple," he couldn't help teasing Sherlock a bit. It was just too adorable that he had match his clothes with Amalia's, almost as if they were a little family. A warm fussy feeling was filling John and he could feel himself smiling, it had been a good idea to come here.
"Thank you," for a moment an almost fond smile played on Sherlock's lips before the detective pulled his expression together.
"That sounds nice. Let me change into my pajamas and I will meet you here in 15 min. Guess you want to take a shower after today's work" Sherlock nodded, released his hold on John and started to move away. He got maybe a couple of steps before he stopped, tuned and in two long strides was standing right before John again. He bent down and placed a kiss on John's lips.
John hid an amused smile by putting his last forkful of food in his mouth. It was a little game he played, too see how much he could make Sherlock do then he had the information/thing the detective wanted. Today he was kind since he still was softened up after the snogging that had happened in the cab. Still he waited until Sherlock had at least had eaten five forkful before he pulled up his notebook and started speaking.
"The dinner is served if you would follow me," and with those words she turned around and exited through the door she arrived from without looking back to make sure they followed. Smiling John shifted his grip on Amalia and followed. Really the family resemblance was obvious in both brothers and their mother.
"A second Facebook page, this guy is really nasty, and a possible workplace, but it doesn't open until 15.00 on Sunday's so we can relax a bit more."
Sherlock took his time in the bathroom scrubbing the makeup from his face and washing the sweat away. Mostly he tried to calm down and gather his thoughts. He didn't know what had flown into him then he asked John to sleep with him. Not that he didn't want to mind you, but it was such a risk. For some reason a tune from one of those TV shows his mother had watch drifted throw his mindpalace: "I'm hooked on a feeling. I'm high on believing that you're in love with me". When he had heard the song as a child he had thought it was ridiculous and tried to delete it. Apparently it hadn't worked. Well he could sympathise with it now. It was not really any other explanation to this situation. When he couldn't drag it out anymore he pulled on a light blue T-shirt, fresh underpants and a pair of deep blue silk pyjamas pants. When he exited the bathroom he lost his breath. John was sitting half asleep in his chair, head in his hand, wearing a thin worn T-shirt that hugged his still muscular torso and a pair of underpants. Sherlock had never seen John in this state of undressed before. The consulting detective stopped short for a moment taking in and memorising every new detail of his doctor. When he had everything safely stored away in his John-wing he quietly crossed the room to wake his John. Since he already had gone way out of line today he didn't hold back as usually and placed a kiss on top of John's head before he lightly shook his shoulder to wake him up.
"Nononono," Q mumbled beginning tapping furiously on his keyboard not aware how much he alarmed the minions closest by and the two double ohs in the room.
"Good night John" Sherlock whispered near said man’s ear. His low baritone voice made a shiver go throw the smaller man and he replied.
"It seems like the report of a burglar at Miss Miricho's place was correct and I was wondering if you could spare a couple of minutes to answer some questions?"
"So what do you want to know? Vanessa is a good kid, always pays her rent on time, it is a shame that someone would rob a nice one as her"
"I think her mother has one, but she lives in Sussex, no friends that are that close, oh and I have one but I keep it safe" she said and patted her hand over her heart.
"Of course you had your own laboratory," John said with an amused voice. What was so funny about that? It was perfectly logical to have a separate place for experiments so they don't get affected by outside interference.
"Yeah right okay I will just go then," John mumbled and already half asleep he shuffled across the living room, through the corridor past the bathroom and into the bedroom. As soon as he reached the bed he threw himself on it not even bothering to remove his clothes and fell asleep.
"You might want to take a moment to straighten up a bit seeing that we will arrive back at 221 B in five minutes" he said close to John's ear. A wonderful shiver went throw John's body but then he replied it was with a glint in the eye.
"The car alarm will activate in 10 minutes I suggest you are out of the car by then," he said as he opened the boot and removed his messenger bag (holding his laptop and tablet) and his small suitcase. 007 hurried to exit the car as fast as possible and grab his own suitcase, he had learned what "car alarm" meant in Q's world the hard way (Q was a bit pleased about this he deserved it after all the cars he had stolen and crashed). Before anyone could come out and great them Q opened the big doors and walked in.
Murder -> had taken place while the victim was asleep at the victim's flat (more exact the bedroom, the bed) sometimes around 2-3 am, body had been dressed up and appeared at the around 4-5 am, finish makeup applied there, murder weapon: unknown (needed to take a look at the body), murder motive: unknown, suspects: it wouldn't hurt to look in to the boyfriend - the murderer was most likely male.
"Given that I know that bloody bastard I'm guessing you are the mysterious brother. I'm John," he said tilting his head in the direction of James who now was fully dressed again. The man accepted the extended hand.
"See you soon" he mumbled and then disappeared into the bathroom. John remind in the same place for a while trying to gather up his thoughts again. If Sherlock continued to catch him by surprise like this he would look a lot of stupider in the near future. Oh well that wasn't exactly a problem that needed to be solved at 3 am, John reasoned and moved up the stairs to get his night clothes. During his time in the military he had picked up the habit of sleeping in just his underpants and a T-shirt so it just was to pull on his pants if something happened. And that was a habit he stuck with, it could be useful then one lived with the world’s only consulting detective. Well up in his room he stripped out of his clothes and pulled on a pair of new underwear and an old T-shirt from his time in the army. He had got it from a marine guy and once up on time it had been in the standard dark blue but now it had faded to a lighter shade. It sat tightly over his chest and was soft in a way only well used shirts become. When he was dressed he went downstairs again and sat down in his armchair waiting for his turn to use the bathroom.
"Of course not! Take your time and refresh yourself, I will see you at the dinner," mummy said ushering them up the stairs. Sherlock led the way to his experiment took place in the little garden house (a good 100 m away from the main house) so there was nothing for Amalia to hurt herself on. They arrived to the door at the end of the corridor, which Sherlock opened and stepped aside to let John enter first. The room had been cleaned since he had been here last. All the books that used to be in piles on the floor had been returned to their shelf’s, all papers that used to be spread on every flat surface had been sorted in folders marked with things like "south-east corner", "north wall", "desk", "under the bed" etc. The bed had been made with royal blue silk sheet and at the foot of it stood Em's old crib.
"Obviously we need to remove the dress to determine the course of death seeing as it covers most of her body." The consulting detective stated but had thankfully not removed the victims clothes himself, God bless the small victories.
John thought as he laid on the sofa with Amalia on his chest. They had been living in 221B for one week now and he and Sherlock had continued their sleeping arrangement as it was since that gave them the most sleep. Not that it was a lot of sleep. Amalia still wasn't used to the change and woke up all the time screaming. She was either hungry or just wanted to be carried around and rocked. John thought she did it so that he wouldn't forget her and leave her too, but then again what did he know. He spoke Sherlock not baby.
"So how do you know this lunatic?" he said once again tilting his head towards James who stood a bit on the side trying to look innocent and failing spectacularly. Had he always been that easy to read or if he was picking up a thing or two from Sherlock?, John wondered.
"I would very much like to continue, but I want it to be a serious relationship. Heaven I don't even know if this is an experiment from your part." John scratched the back of his head before continuing.
"Oh you are awake now," he said sitting down on the sofa, still holding Amalia, gesturing to John to do the same. John sat down and reached out to shift his daughter over to his arms.
"Thank you Q, didn't know you cared," Bond inserted and then did his best to hide a wince -it was hard to tell if it was Emanuel or John that had kicked him under the table, maybe both. For all Sherlock knew it could just as well been Mummy even if she was more the type to 'accidentally' press down the heel of her stiletto on someone's toes if she felt that they had been behaving inappropriately. He had seen her do it many times during the more political dinners she sometimes arranged.-
“I’m sorry Father my work simply doesn’t leave enough time to give them the care they need,” Q said, the filthy liar. Even if it was true that he spent a lot of time at work, he managed to invent a machine who fed and watered his three cats he could easily fix something who watered the trice damned plant. Father Holmes turned his eyes hopefully at Sherlock.
The trip to the victim’s apartment took a good half an hour. It was located in a quiet nice building giving what the rent was (Sherlock had looked it up to get a hum of the victims economic situation). There wasn't really any possibility to sneak in so Sherlock got them in by showing the landlady a police badge (stolen from Lestrade) and claiming they had been called in on a bugler in Miss Miricho's flat. The lie wasn't so far of it turned out as they entered the flat. The airy living room was a mess, DVDs and video tape mixing with each other on the floor, a lamp was knocked over and had shattered and a bookshelf was pushed aside revealing an empty whole in the wall. Sherlock swept through the room muttering as he went along.
"She seemed very fascinated by watching the landscape pass by outside the window," Sherlock added as they walked through the doors.
"Sherlock, hold the baby." John said handing over Amalia and marched forward and started to poke at the shoulder and making James move his arm around.
“Felt a bit threatened?” Q teased. (This was good news it seemed the doctor truly had nerves of steel and didn’t mind a male partner. There was hope to end this pathetic pinning on his brothers half).
“Fair enough, still is there any chance I can convince you to share that nice bed of yours? I promise to behave,” 007 smiled charmingly. Q:s first thought was to answer with a frim “nope” but he was still curios about 007 connection to Doctor Watson so if he just played along a bit…
"The bathroom his free" he said quietly as John opened his beautiful blue eyes. His flatmate nodded and rose.
"No need to worry, run along and change now. I'm sure he is waiting for you" 'John waiting for him' and there was that warm feeling in his chest again. With a short nod he let go of Jolene's arm and walked in long strides towards his dressing room. He made a quick job of changing and didn't bother to remove his makeup. In less than 10 minutes he exited the backdoor and saw a short figure leaning against one of the ally's walls arms crossed over his chest. The warm feeling was back. John waited for him.
"That will be nice I haven't had the pleasure," John said throwing a glare at Sherlock who shuffled his feet. Even if John hadn't said anything he got the feeling that not telling your roommate that you had another brother was a bit not good.
"Logically I should lead since I'm taller". This was sooo not going the way he expected, but to hell if he was going to back down now. With a smile John linked their arms.
Then he somehow knew there he stood, not really he still didn't know how to handle this development, he settled down again fully intending to make the most of this wired and wonderful situation. It was really comfy laying there surrounded by Sherlock's heat. However his stomach had other plans. Just as he nuzzled back against his flatmate and started to drift of it let out a loud growl demanding food. John was very tempted to ignore it at first but after a second, even louder growl he gave in. With a sigh he tried to slip out of Sherlock's arms without waking the sleeping genius.
"Uh uh and that's why he went directly into your bedroom then I ordered him to take a nap," she said giving him that look "l-know-it-all"-look all mothers seemed to prefect.
"On the contrary, there are quite a lot of good complementary colours to purple. I'm sure Amalia and I can find you something while you take a shower," Sherlock said looking dead serious. John had long ago stopped asking questions concerning how Sherlock knew exactly what he needed and for the clothing, well it was Sherlock's family they were having dinner with. Better let a Holmes pick the outfit so he didn't break any clothing code.
That's it. This work will not be finished. I wrote myself into a major writing block and it killed this fic sorry :/
"Sherlock..." the doctor began to protest. Feeding the baby and changing the diapers was one thing but staying at the parents place for a weekend was in a completely different dimension, it had to be some borders.
"Then you are delusional too Em. John is simply my friend and I'm worrying about him wearing himself down”, Sherlock huffed.
“I didn’t take you for the reading type,” 007 said tailing his finger over the back on the books at shelf P.
John slowly blinked awake from his nap. His body and mind still felt heavy with sleep. He snuggled deeper under the blanket, eyes drifting shut again, trying to figure out what had woken him. He couldn't hear Amalia crying so that wasn't it but there were something else, some other sound. Singing. It was singing he heard. The singer had a very nice voice and even if John didn't recognise the song it was soothing. It had the rhythm of a nursery rhythm but it wasn't in a language he spoke. Slowly John became more and more aware of his surrounding and recognised the voice. Sherlock, Sherlock was singing.
"It is called burlesque. You really need to practice asking more precise question. But your tailing skill are not half bad, I almost didn't notice it." John got a warm feeling in his stomach at Sherlock's compliment. "Not half bad" was high praise in his book. Trying to act casual he just asked:
John, show me that colors are as perfect and complete as the human body itself, show me what the combination of both can do.”
Sherlock remembered it all, quite clearly. Every single memory pierced into his mind, everything they had gone through. So many things, so many moments, so many cases. How could John not remember? The sleuth hoped that through the silence wouldn't filter the endless begging he was doing at the moment, that John could get over that shock, that this apparent PTSD that was threatening to take him away would vanish, that he would go back to being who he was, that everything would go back to being how it used to be.
After a moment of silence, the greaser turned to look at the hand, still holding the elbow, and moved violently his arm, to release from the hold. He then looked at John with a weird expression, as of fake repulsion. "Please, give me a minute."
He couldn’t simply leave that apart because of a stupid mistake. There wasn’t such thing as coincidences. They were meant to.
So many wonderments in the universe, so many colors, so many things to draw, to paint, to defy the imagination, and he just painted bodies.
John nodded, unable to erase that silly little smile off his face. "See you." He said, while his eyes roamed on the greaser's back as he made his way out of the classroom.
"I had an appointment with Mr. Holmes last night..."-She stopped for a moment trying to read John's expression, but he didn't look surprised at all. "...and he didn't show up, I was worried, I came here to check if he was okay."
He couldn’t bring himself to. He had to say it all. He had kept far too much from John and he was exhausted of secrets, he was exhausted of that invisible barrier that had drawn between them. He knew this wouldn’t fade it away, he knew his chances to go back to what they used to be were minimal and that nothing would ever be the same, but John needed to know. John had to know. He dragged a deep breath that came out shaky, “Moriarty had targeted you”, he finally admitted.
All of this had been a mistake. Sherlock knew that from the very beginning, from the moment they met and he convinced himself of it when out of nowhere he asked John if they could share a cab. Stupid.
Sherlock blinked and tore his gaze away. He cleared his throat. “Erm- well, the least I could do was inviting you for lunch as a way of thanking you. So-”
They were quite particular. On plain sight, they looked dark. They looked dark the first time their eyes met, that night on Mike’s gallery. Then they looked blue, a strange shade of blue, a kind of blue Sherlock had never seen before, anywhere.
“There’s no pleasure behind it, but for the pleasure grabbing a brush and creating a silhouette brings.”
Mike did and stood up excitedly. They had ordered a pizza like ten minutes ago. He went to open the door and his face fell completely as soon as he saw the woman standing in front of him: "Irene?" He asked.
John remembered what he had told Sherlock that day about Irene getting into a witness protection program in the US. He knew from that moment that Sherlock was aware she had died, but didn't say a thing. He had to stick up with the lie, and so he did. "She must be back in England"- Some kind of bitterness came from John's voice, he couldn't help it, he didn't have a good feeling about this situation. "Do you think...?"
are you going to force me this time?" It took all of John's effort to understand what Sherlock was saying, because it came almost like a whisper, only meant for his brother to hear it.
Sherlock stood silent for a moment. Then he sat up straight and looked at John seriously. "You don't believe me."
John looked down and saw Sherlock’s hands leaning on the desk, supporting the weight of his body, maintaining a minimal but carefully defined distance between the two of them. He examined those hands.
They arrived to St. Bart's morgue. When Sherlock looked at the body, his face changed from excitement to a huge and unpleasant surprise. He kept staring at the message in disbelief, he immediately knew it was for him:
"Acting won't work with me, Sherlock, remember the first time we met? Pretending to be a priest who got stolen didn't work out at all. Not with me, I know you better than that."
She thought for a moment, standing still and then turned and yelled incredibly loud. "GREEEEEEEEEG!"
Sherlock looked at John and narrowed his eyes, then he turned to look at his mom in surprise. "What? He said that?"
Harry smiled. She was so relieved. So John didn't mess up, and yet he managed to sleep with Sherlock Holmes. She found almost funny the way Sherlock looked completely unaware of John's intentions, then she thought it through and realized of something that erased the smile off her face: if Sherlock was not aware of whatever happened between him and John it was because he didn't see it as nothing else: a friendship. Shit. Sherlock didn't feel the same for John, of course not, he doesn't feel like normal people do, does he? How was she going to tell John? Perhaps he already knows. Perhaps he doesn't care. Perhaps that's one of the reasons why his brother fell so hard for him. John would know. Nobody knows Sherlock like John knows Sherlock and Harry is completely certain of that. Still, that didn't help at all. If Sherlock wasn't in the same page then there was nothing to be done. She needed to find out more, to break the puzzle of Sherlock Holmes and his feelings. She was going to help. She really was.
“No”, he said with a shake of his head. John stared at him with a frown, “not yet, eventually though, you’ll see all of them.”
That wouldn't do. He ripped a piece of his own jeans and used it so it could absorb the blood while he applied pressure to it. He rummaged inside Sherlock's coat for his phone but he found none, his own had been taken away from him.
And then he listened to them. To the sobs coming from John, growing louder and louder in the stillness of the room. John wouldn't move and Sherlock didn't know what to do, because all of it was his fault.
When he was in the bus a girl sat by his side. She was about a year younger, with light brown hair, wearing a polka dot dress and a left-sided pony tail. He looked at her as if she had lost her mind. She smiled shyly and muttered a barely hearable "hi." Sherlock turned his head to face the window, because that was better than having a small talk with a girl. She didn't give up. "... So you are the new one, what brought you here?"
possible to have a life after the war, that it was possible to find color in the middle of the sand and the guns. John still couldn’t understand how he had managed to do that, but he had managed to do it nonetheless.
Sherlock tried to cover the expression of displeasure in his face. Wonderful friends he had there. They were standing by the lockers and classes were about to start. Jim wasn't there and Sherlock still wondered if he really was okay with him "dating" Irene. Greg was silent. He looked at Sherlock quietly. The bell rang.
Sherlock closed his eyes. John thought Sherlock was second guessing this. No. He had to reassure him. He cupped John's face with his hands and kissed him.
. I was numb all time and people used to think I was weird. But Victor didn't. He understood. He knew what I went through."
John casted a little smile but a moment later erased it off because he was being too obvious. "Does he?" He said seriously.
"I'm off to class." Sherlock said moving from the car and away from the girl, followed by Sebastian and Greg who smiled foolishly when they passed in front of her.
And as you have probably heard from the news and the papers and literally everywhere in every corner of the world, Sherlock Holmes is alive, Sherlock Holmes came back and I didn't have the slightest idea of who Sherlock Holmes was, didn't know who I had been for Sherlock Holmes, either.
In a second, Sherlock looked down again and saw John, standing right next to that ambulance station, looking up at him with the phone in his hand and he gasped and moved a little.
The police had taken off the tapes from the house next door, apparently they had gathered all the evidence they could, but they weren't getting anywhere. John had become very interested on the crime, not only because of Sherlock, but because his neighbors and because he had seen them in such state... He closed his eyes when the image of the husband came to his mind. It was still impressive.
I'm sorry for deleting this blog. I'm sorry you all lost both your favorite detective and the doctor who was always there for him, but I hope I can make it up to you as well. This blog will shelter our stories and our memories, our future and our past. It will be an insight of the life of a madman and a man who's forgotten too much, but most of all, it will be the record of our time together.
John blinked, not understanding the meaning behind Sherlock’s words at first. He looked at his clock, it was 7:30. It wasn’t late but- but Sherlock wanted him to leave. “Oh. Yes”, he said standing up. “Yes”, he tried to convey his disappointment, he didn’t think he’d managed to.
He walked towards the street and hailed a cab. While he was sitting on the chair, he heard fast paces approaching, a hand stopped him from closing the door.
Sherlock gasped when he heard the last word. "He what? Is he alright? Where is he? Why are they taking so long? I need to talk to the person in charge in here!" He said, looking around the room.
“I want you to start drawing certain parts of the body: an arm or a leg or a hand if you’re feeling bold. Remember to imagine the light hitting on that part of the body and what side it would illuminate and which it would darken, and use the shadow as a way to create dimension”.
He didn't like the look of disappointment in his mother's face. He told himself he was doing it for her and, gathering courage, finally decided it was best going to school. All he had to do was to avoid Sherlock at all costs. Sure, right, incredibly easy, avoiding the most popular boy in the school.
Sherlock released a breath he didn't know he had been holding. He clumsily wiped his hand against his shirt, and slowly zipped and buttoned John's trousers. John kept his eyes closed, hadn't moved at all. Sherlock's hands went to grab John by the hips again.
“John?”, he asked, hoping with all his might that John hadn’t left. He couldn’t have, wouldn’t have been capable, after the night before, he couldn’t, could he? Perhaps he had regretted it, perhaps…
A tiny, almost imperceptible twitch of John's fingers caught Sherlock's attention: his left hand was shaking. As soon as John saw where Sherlock's eyes had drifted to, he crossed the arms tighter, hiding his hands. And Sherlock understood why he had crossed them in the first place: so Sherlock wouldn't notice the tremor.
Sherlock could have scoffed at the attitude of that nurse if he wouldn't be wearing that damn mask on his face, so he didn't reply.
Hikes hinted a small smile and said. "It was very good. I wanted to congratulate you. I like the choice of topic and the way you've decided to approach to it. Very good job, I have to admit I had my doubts at the beginning, but you justified the choice of topic correctly, and I just wanted to let you now. You certainly work good together."
"Goodbye Irene". He shook her hand softly and didn't look up, he just stood looking at the ground, trying to ignore her, but he couldn't. She turned to face Sherlock.
He rested his elbows on his knees and leaned his head against his hands. Sherlock simply stared at him.
He didn't want to reply. John's eyes said it all, John wanted to believe, but he couldn't bring himself to, and could Sherlock blame him for that? "A year and a half."
Sherlock felt a pressure in his chest that he could only relate with some kind of heartache, but that went beyond his real, beating heart, instead it spread all through his body, reaching into every single corner of him, crushing him, blinding him, releasing him, capturing him. He wondered for a second if he was actually going to die, and then he thought that
But just before Sherlock had the last glimpse of John Watson he would ever have, he dared to speak, and asked the only thing he could possibly ask John. "Just-", he started before John got to close the door behind him and John opened it a fraction, Sherlock's voice was low, shy and broken when it said, "please just don't erase me from your mind again."
She smiled widely. “Not much, Mr. Holmes. Just wanted to test you a bit. John proved to be quite a tool of amusement.”
Hawthorne shook his head. “No. You’ll remember everything that has happened to you. Everything but him.”
Mycroft smiled and stood up to leave. “At last you’ve decided to draw, huh? What made you change your mind? Was the lack of drugs… or the discovery of a new one?”, he raised an eyebrow.
While he was ripped apart in that cell in Serbia, Sherlock would remember every second, every phrase, every shared laugh, every scent, every single thing that reminded him of John, assuming it'd be the last scrape of light he'd get before darkness. Before death.
As he leaned against the wall and laughed, as he listened to the rumble of John Watson's laughter echoing through his ears and reaching his brain and calming the noise that never left, as he panted for air and felt tears prickling the corners of his eyes and as his whole body vibrated with the rumble of their joined laughter, there was quiet and there was noise, there was high and there was low.
"You wouldn't, you would let it go eventually until I become just a blurry picture on your mind. That's the way it is."
He didn’t reply. Although he did stop for a moment to consider what Mycroft had said, afternoon? If half an hour ago it was still midnight! How could it possibly be-
They all turned to look at her and Sherlock sighed, lamenting the moment of peacefulness that had just ended. He was curious anyway, so he looked at her.
John cut him off before he would continue. "Of course we spend a lot of time, but it's not because we want to! We are really focused on doing this project and doing it right, you are his friend, you should know he is a perfectionist. But that's all. That's all there is." John said trying to sound as nonchalant as possible, but he ended up talking really fast and sounding nervous and annoyed, which Greg had clearly seen.
“It looks like home”, Sherlock interrupted him. He looked at John with certainty and with amusement.
"Unwise, brother dear", was all Mycroft said as soon as the door closed, his eyes fixed on the book he'd been reading.
"You know what I mean, John. And I won't let it happen. No. I can't just pretend I never knew you. Because everything changed."
?" -Sherlock stood quiet. "See? That's your problem Sherlock! It's always the problem! You call yourself a sociopath! You say that caring is not an advantage! But look! Look at the mess you've made! You see what happens when you
She leaned even closer. They were still at a reasonable distance, but she was approximating to his personal space and that was making him feel uncomfortable. He smelled her perfume, Channel n. 5, the whole room was filled with it, it was exploding, breaking into his nostrils and sending confusing messages to his brain. She smiled. "Because I can see your pupils. Dilated. Busted, Mr. Holmes."
They stared at each other for a very long time. Sherlock didn't know what to say. He couldn't deduce anything out of those green eyes. Was he in danger? Was she in danger?
Sherlock looked down and cleared his throat. He closed the book and bit his lip. Out of nowhere, he stood up and walked away from the room saying, "I'll ask Mrs Hudson to bring us some tea."
There had been a moment when he felt completely lost, craving John’s company in a way that drugs could never fill. He felt in that moment that he would have to go back and show John that he was still alive, or he was going to drive himself mad. That was a stupid idea, of course, since John wasn’t safe until all the people from Moriarty’s network were killed, and he simply couldn’t risk John’s life to fulfil a caprice.
Sherlock blushed and smiled softly. John realized that he’d like to see Sherlock blushing more often.
2. Expect more angst!!! Because things are about to get dark! I've already planned the rest of the fic and we're already heading for a fall! (metaphorically speaking)
It was everywhere. Everywhere he looked at, as if the memories that had been taken away from John had been spread all over 221B. It was as if the wallpaper was tinged with a shadow of
it was a fleeting one, one she didn’t visit all the time, a place she had grown attached to, not because of the location but because of the feeling that accompanied it.
He used to wonder if there was something wrong with him. He used to wonder at which moment everything seemed to go downhill, not in his career, but in himself.
Sherlock looked at him, looking slightly nervous. He looked beautiful. His hair sticking to his forehead, small drops of sweat falling down his face.
to hold onto. He wished he could just hold the whole universe in his hand, shut it tight and never let it go.
Sherlock’s hands closed into fists. “This is between you and me, Melissa. Leave him alone. Let him go.”
Sherlock shook his head and looked down. "This is stupid. You can talk to me. You know that, right?"
"Come on John, you just met him, perhaps he was having a bad day, that's all." Mike said with a smile, John didn't understand why his friend was defending that boy.
John stood up and walked around the room, “of course I know, Sherlock! But that doesn’t make it less real. I don’t know how to make it go away. It will take over my art”, he said, the last word sounding muffled, as John struggled with an emotion he didn’t want to deal with at the moment.
John lowered down the newspaper, completely shocked. Sarah was staring at him, looking guilty. He couldn't come up with anything, he was completely confused, none of the things he had just read made any sense. "...I didn't know if I should have told you about it." Sarah said, her eyes no longer fixed on him. "...You didn't mention him since..."
The bell rang and damn it. He sighed as he stood up and told himself to be strong enough to ignore Sherlock completely. Obviously Sherlock would do that too. Great. Mike smiled at him. "Chemistry time, huh?"
He reacted and turned to face his friend Mike, who was certainly looking at him with some concern in his face. "What?...no... Nothing, it's just that I hate him." He said as he turned his head to point with it at Holmes, who wasn't eating nor talking and honestly, it seemed like he wasn't paying attention to anything the other boys were talking about.
Sherlock turned to look at him, frowning. "And what? Do you think I'm dying for your friendship or...?"
He had stopped crying at some point, he couldn’t tell when. Time was moving too fast and too slow. It was difficult discerning one from the other.
corner and gathered all the courage he could to look at Sherlock. He was sitting in the chair, but his book was closed, he wasn't reading, he looked like he was waiting. John then turned to look at somewhere else, while all he thought was
He sat on his chair and coughed a bit when thousands of dust particles filled the room, but it was his chair and felt so comfortable and perfect and, finally, he was back. But he stared in front of him and saw the particles of dust falling over the Union Jack pillow, placed over John's chair.
, he thought to himself. He cleared his throat and instinctively licked his lips, shaking the thought away from his mind. “I’m not here for that.”
mention John Watson again. Don't ask me about him, don't inquire anything about him, just for once damn time, let me live my fucking life!"
this was exactly what he wanted. He tried to gather courage and do it, but he froze. He couldn't move, all he could do was hold into Sherlock's touch. He brought his hand up and placed it over Sherlock's, who looked at him expectantly. He thought of what to say. He couldn't think of anything, so when he opened his mouth again, he was surprised of what came out of it. "You. Are. Drunk. You are not thinking, it's okay Sherlock. I mean, it's fine. I know this is all on the alcohol. Really, it's okay."
The intense light coming through the windows woke him up. He squinted, his head was pounding and he felt as if his eyes were burning.
He turned but flinched a bit. John's face blushed, and he cleared his throat before he could speak again. "My- my leg."
She looked up again and smiled. "Oh, that's great! I'm actually the leader of the chemistry club and umm... I was wondering... If you'd like to join the club, we still have the admissions open, in case you want to, but you don't have to..."
"What the actual fuck? What is your problem?" Sebastian said, clearly getting annoyed, he was about to come closer to Sherlock when Moriarty stopped him, putting his hand on his chest.
Finally, just as John felt like shoving Sherlock and running away, Sherlock leaned closer and pressed a soft kiss to the scar.
Sherlock sat on the edge of the rooftop too, right next to John, but facing the other way, which meant that unlike John, he was safe unless somebody pushed him, his feet on the ground of the rooftop.
This morning she was feeling so hungover she couldn't even sit still because she felt her head was going to explode, she didn't say a single word to John and begged her mother to let her miss this day of school, who, after some hesitance, accepted. John felt guilty, after all she left because of him, but feeling offended for being called an alcoholic and reacting by getting drunk was not the best idea his sister could come up with.
Sherlock closed his eyes, feeling goose bumps all over his body at hearing his name coming from John. He didn’t want to look up, he didn’t want to stare into John’s eyes, he didn’t want to see his face ever again.
Sherlock knew that already, so he didn’t feel anything when Victor reminded him of it. “Sure. Then just take the advice from an ex-addict.”
John had enjoyed of a relative success when his career was just starting. He was one of his Academy's finest, managed to sell five of his artworks and even managed to sneak his favorite piece into the collection of the Tate Modern Gallery. He was introduced to the most selective circle of London's elite, became friends with some of those young self-called postmodern iconoclasts that were neither of those, just spoiled teenagers with money, and even took them to bed. It was everything he aspired to be and never thought he would get.
And he was back to loneliness and shadows and that hideous stagnation he had managed to forget about since he looked at John’s painting.
John lifted his head from Sherlock's shoulder and looked at him. He was feeling slightly better now, at least he wasn't crying, and he felt calmed enough to talk about this. "It's better isn't it? Before we became too attached... Before we fell..."
"John? Yeah, hi. We um- we're doing an inspection. A drugs bust. The owner seems to have a wide variety of them, so we'd... like you to take a look and help us determine the origin or functionality of them." His voice sounded a bit off, a bit nervous.
"I- I promise you I will let you go, I'll leave you alone. I just need to talk to you one last time. Please let me know you'll let me talk to you."
“John, what happened?”, Sherlock asked while he crouched and examined John carefully, making sure that he didn’t have any injuries.
John counted seven gunshots. It was far too impressive for him, there was blood and bruises everywhere. He turned and left the basement, trying to hold back his tears. He stopped on the hall, not trusting his legs to go back upstairs.
are the greaser, the bad boy who listens to rock n' roll and never follows the rules and does as he wishes and it's just impossible. That's what it is."
The grip on his wrist loosened immediately and he turned the corner and walked away, not looking back to Sherlock.
John woke up sweating and panting. He was used to having this kind of nightmares, had had them for almost two years, yet none of the other ones had seemed as real as this one.
"You could have saved me so much time, so many hopes, so many illusions, so many thoughts...Just tell me why, Sherlock. That's all I need."
John wasn't a conductor of light, John was the light. Each and every single particle of radiation capable of igniting the cells of Sherlock Holmes' body, of Sherlock Holmes' brain. Capable of igniting his imperfections as well, and turning them into pure, absolute light.
. He had promised him he'd be back home early, and now it was late afternoon, and the files hadn't arrived yet and Sherlock needed something, anything. He felt exhausted, not physically, but emotionally drained. It was in moments like this that he felt the itching, aching need for a seven percent solution, only to make him feel better for an hour or two.
Sherlock seemed to catch John's train of thought because he silently turned his back at him and started typing, trying to leave the topic behind. John felt relieved the greaser wasn't waiting for an answer and sat right next to him.
Sherlock opened his eyes and frowned, wondering if he had imagined John saying it or if he actually had.
By the time Sherlock arrived to the Continental Hotel, it was evening. To say that there would be some cameras was clearly an understatement, there were
John kept walking, which forced Sherlock to walk alongside him. That wasn't a problem, since John was still limping and his walking pace was much slower.
“Oh! Mr Holmes!”, Melissa said, standing up excitedly. She grabbed the tape and put in on the player.
That until his ears started working again and caught the distinct sound of an ambulance siren. He opened his eyes widely and his breathing stopped being regular, he felt terrified. Worse than ever, half-dead.
, a John from three months ago, with a broken, strained, slightly desperate voice said in the background.
John's eyes flickered to Sherlock and he fell silent. Sarah turned to look at Sherlock and let go of John's hand. "I think I should go."
Then the man proceeded to reorganize the desks. Students were forced to sit in a spot they couldn't leave for the rest of the year, and while everybody frowned, for John it was okay, as long as he didn't have to sit too far from the chalkboard. He didn't. He was placed in the third row.
He would find himself realising of it at the smallest of details: whenever he looked at himself in the mirror, he would remember John staring at him through it, as they locked their eyes, getting ready for Moriarty's trial, ready to face it together. He would remember John while looking at the stupid James Bond movie airing on the television. He would remember John even while typing at his keyboard, thinking over and over about that last post on John's blog:
Sherlock shook his head, "it has controlled the pain, but it's too sore. It hurts when I move and even when I breathe."
He felt sleep dragging him in. No colors, no sounds. Nothing. Just a strange kind of peace. A kind of peace he hadn’t felt in a long long time. With a brush, a yellow oil and a white canvas.
Sherlock remembered their first conversation ever and how John’s hand trembled. It wasn’t trembling now.
As they broke, John looked at Sherlock with a fond smile on his face. "You're crazy", was all he could say.
"John Watson, that's his name. The poor virgin nerd. He cares about grades more than about dolls. Actually, I don't think he cares about dolls at all."
"Mom...?" John said trying to recover his breath after the initial shock. "...were those gunshots?" He tried to go down the stairs, but it was as if he had frozen. He couldn't move, he was terrified.
John looked at Sherlock’s fingers holding the drawing and they did look strikingly similar to the ones he had just reproduced with the charcoal, “good”, he said with a silly smile on his face. He desperately wanted to reach and touch those fingers, the
The scar which represented the fall of each and every single one of the things he’d dreamt of his whole life.
He looked at John with a frown. "Are you writing a book?" He said with that ugly look he was so good at giving. And suddenly John felt like the biggest idiot in the world for calling Sherlock Holmes his friend.
"What?... Yes..." He cleared his throat. "Yes". He looked at her and realized she had talked for about half an hour and he didn't have any idea of what she might had said.
A known actress, Isabella Dorman, had been found dead on her hotel bedroom last night. Security footage showed how she had arrived alone to her own room and so they didn’t have many suspects.
He stared at Sherlock, his eyes wide opened. Sherlock was staring back at him, his breathing rushed and an expression of disappointment falling over his face.
She looked surprised and perhaps a little scared. Sherlock resisted the urge to roll his eyes. "Is everything okay?", she asked.
Sherlock looked at Mycroft defiantly. "When are you going to stop reminding me that accident?!" His voice came as a shout. "I told you, I've told you a million times, it
"We are going back to Baker Street, you can tell me there." With those words Sherlock swept out of the room still with a firm hand on John's hip. John was more than happy to be tugged a long and then he threw a look over his shoulder he saw Kim mouthing 'someone is getting laid'. With a giggle he turned his head back and slipped his own arm around Sherlock. Dating Sherlock Holmes was weird but absolutely wonderful.
"Presumably in the beginning of the movie convent since Kim thought Vanessa had borrowed the dress for that at first." Black jealousy flashed throw the detective's eyes but all he said was:
"And she has that boyfriend of hers. He might have a key. Never really liked him, she said she met him at a movie festival, but something about him throws me off" John nodded as he wrote that info down, 'boyfriend fishy, has key, check up'
"The murderer is most likely male, killed her when she was asleep and carried her away to the cinema. No sign of entrance so he had a key - the victim knew him very well. We should check up that boyfriend of hers. Did the landlady say a name?"
At least he knew for sure that Sherlock was awake now, his pale blue eyes observing every move John made. John did the only thing that made sense at the moment, he leaned down and kissed the man bellow him. The kiss was slow and sweet just as all their other kisses and Sherlock was eager to respond, he loosened his grip around John and leaned up. After a couple of minutes of lazy snogging John pulled back, let his legs slide to the sides of Sherlock's leg and pushed himself up. This time the detective didn't try to stop him, he just let his hands slide down until they rested on his hips.
Because 007 and Doctor Watson already had met they had decided (without listening to his protests that he didn't need a bodyguard. Honestly what did they think about him? He was the Quartermaster of MI6 and a Holmes. He could take care of himself!) that 007, James Bond was most suitable. With a sigh he started to pulled himself together (one of the extremely important lessons he had learned growing up with his family) as his family home came in view. It was a lovely white painted wood mansion with three floors, two wings and a lovely garden. Between the trees he caught a glimpse of the laboratory he and Sherlock had shared as children (maybe he would get some time to tinker this weekend that would be lovely).
"What do we have to do so they get that we're not interested?" He grumbled. An idea crossed Sherlock's mind and pulled away with the spirit of the night as he was he didn't stop to think before he acted on it. He stopped, pulled John around so they were facing each other, bent down and pressed their lips together. At first John didn't react, probably shocked Sherlock’s brain provided, but after a few second he started to kiss back. It wasn't a very long kiss and not really anything special but then they pulled back the catcalls had stopped. They resumed walking but Sherlock's body was full of tension. That certainly had been pushing it too far. After walking about 10 minutes in silence, he cleared his throat and spoke up.
John Watson was sitting in a cab munching on a scone on his way to another crime scene. As they had left the flat John had wrapped up the fresh scones in a tea towel and brought them with him, no need to waste perfectly fine scones. Sherlock was sitting beside him scrolling through the information on his phone and stealing small bits of John's scone.
"See for yourself," Sherlock said stepping aside and sinking down on the floor next to Amalia. On the bed lay a pair of dark jeans, a clear-green shirt and one of John's favourite beige cardigans. It was a really nice combo of fancy and John's own style. The doctor smiled and started dressing.
"Since never. He insisted on coming, they both did. It was let one tag along or have both of them on my tail. I imagine Doctor Watson wouldn't react well to that," Q defended himself, explaining a bit more than necessary as usually and Sherlock wasn't going to let that past.
"I wasn't proposing sex John, just a bit of cuddle and then sleep. Together. In mine or your bed, it doesn't really matter but mine is bigger. You did say you would fancy some sleep right?" He might have said that. It felt like ages ago, when it couldn't be more than an hour. Cuddling with Sherlock sounded nice. More than nice actually, it sounded amazing. He didn't really want to let go of the detective now that he got him close. Without thinking of the consequences he found himself agreeing.
Then Sherlock went off the stage the final time, John paid for his beer and exited the club. After a short discussion with himself he rounded the building to the door Sherlock had entered. Not wanting to get hit on he went a bit into the ally and leaned back against the wall, one foot steadily placed on the wall and armed crossed other his chest. Then he waited. He didn't have to wait long, after about 20 minutes the door opened and the detective exited. John's breath caught in his throat. If his flat mate was hot on stage he was stunning now. He hadn't removed the makeup which enlightened all his attractive face and he still walked with the sensuality he had witness tonight. With a smile playing on his lips John kicked away from the wall and approached Sherlock.
"I'm starting on breakfast now. Are you coming?" he said as he swung his leg over Sherlock's hips and slid of bed. On his way out he nicked one of the detective's all dressing gowns (the blue one). Behind him he heard Sherlock's answer.
"Have a scone Sally and be nice" he said following his flat mate into the salon just to find him pissing of Anderson too.
"Well it was a very interesting night in Kabul....," was all 007 managed to get out before Q cut him off.
“Me? Never. John became a friend since he had an interest in actually keeping me alive,” 007 said casually. Q hummed turning back to his computer wishing he had a cup of tea.
"Damn Will, you was something extra tonight. Was your boyfriend here or something?" It was Jolene that spoke. She had been his mentor then he first stared at the club, middle age, pansexual, happily married with her wife of 8 years, had one cat. Sherlock couldn't stop the blush that spread to his face.
"Couple of days ago. At first I fought 'Ness had borrowed it for the movie convent she went to, but then I texted her about it yesterday she said she didn't have it. She had to work at the cinema yesterday but said she would come in first thing today." Oh so the victim had been working at the cinema possibly.
John Watson can cook fight me! Also all receipt mention in this and the last chapters are stuff I make so it actually taste good.
"She will need to be feed in 35 minutes, don't forget to burp her and she will probably wanna play a bit after that..." John was cut off by Mrs. Holmes stern voice.
“Listen I been working on this blue rose project and I think I almost succeeded. Do you want to have some stickling’s to take home and raise? It will brighten up that awful grey London, I simply don’t get how you live there of your own free will, a lot.” Their father rambled on happily completely unaware of the tension in the room.
"Bloody annoying, never understood why people found it charming," John added while trying to save the little plush-bee from being chewed on. Not that it worked very well, Amalia could be very determined when she wanted. Before James had the chance to defend his honour Mrs Holmes swept through the door.
"Obviously we need to remove the dress to determine the course of death seeing as it covers most of her body." Why did he even try to explain this to idiots? Before Anderson could answer John entered the room (his John it was amazing to think of him like the now, finely). Apparently his suggestion of removing the clothes had been a bit no good seeing as John immediately tried to convince him to let Molly do it. Well that was acceptable, Molly did her job alright. Seeing as she was murdered in her sleep the next logical step was to visit her flat - the most likely crime scene. He snuck a look at the police file, good they already had an ID on the victim. Vanessa Miricho, an employee at this cinema. With this information he called for his John to come along and exited the building already typing on his phone finding out the address - lucky the victim had an unusual last name so it wasn't any misleading addresses. He hailed a cab and they were off again.
“Biebers and threats, we will make a proper spy out of you yet,” 007 joked but quickly added when Q glared pointily first at the bed then the cot:
When John Watson got thrown of the rack he cooked. It was a habit that remained from his not so lovely childhood; it had stuck with him threw university, survived the military and now helped him calm down then something happened with Sherlock. There were many nights when he had knocked on Greg's door demanding to use his kitchen since his own was out of question. As much as Greg mocked him about it he didn't complain. He got a tasty home cooked meal, a calm John and no dead Sherlock out of it, so he washed his own hands and helped out. But this time John didn't storm of to Greg. Their kitchen was clean enough so he was making one hell of a breakfast trying to work out what to say to Sherlock. As easily they had slipped in to some kind of lover’s rhythm he knew that relationship where you didn't know where the other person stood was bound to fail. And he didn't want to have to move out because it went down the bad road or he got his heart broken by a certain Mr Holmes. After putting the scones in the oven he sat down and took a bite out of his toast. A pleased groan left his mouth, yes this tasted as good as when he did it in Uni to calm himself before an important exam.
With a groan he tipped his head back and let it hit the wall behind the sofa. He had far too little information to come up with anything useful. The smell of tea and the clinking of cups brought him back to the present. As he opened his eyes he saw John sitting in his armchair eating some kind of pasta dish (pasta, smoked salmon, salad, tomato, cucumber and a honey dressing), a second plate was placed on the coffee table in front of him - right he had asked John to cook, but that was not important now, the case was. The case, John! - suddenly it clicked in Sherlock's brain. He had asked John to talk to the students, he might have the missing bits.
"John, give me Amalia and go to bed that's an order. You are of no use to her if you run yourself to the ground." John resisted for all of five second before giving up Mummy Holmes really did know how to get her will through.
It really should be illegal for people with deep voices to do that John thought, luckily he was lying down so nobody would notice if he got a bit weak in the knees. Still he resisted the temptation and tried a new strategy. Instead of rolling forward as previously he threw his weight backward and twisted his body as he landed on top on Sherlock. He wasn't sure if it was a success or not. On one side he wasn't trapped on his side with Sherlock's long limbs wrapped around him but on the other side now he was lying on top of said man but still captured in his arm. Pros: he could see his face, cons: his brain activity stopped about here.
The dinner had gone well despite the tension surrounding Doctor Watsons wife Q thought as he entered his childhood bedroom with 007 tailing close behind him. His room looked as it always had a soft, cosy green; every inch of the walls covered in dark wood bookshelf and
"No I'm not" he heard his doctor say. At this point he was beyond so he settled to glare down on the shorter man, raising an eyebrow in demand of an answer. John chuckles had passed on to giggles by the time he filled in the missing piece.
Victim -> Vanessa Miricho, 26 years old, female, looked a lot like Rose in the Titanic movie (awfully boring movie about big ship sinking, mummy liked it) studying to become an actress, good student, lived alone, liked colour, equal right activist, kept flat neat by habit, had had a boyfriend (dislike but facts was lacking), hobbies: movies and painting.
"She went home hours ago," Sherlock answered shrugging, they was sitting so close on the sofa that their shoulders brushed. Unknowing John leaned into the contact until the meaning of Sherlock's words hit him and he sat up ramrod straight.
