The ruthlessness with which Mary delivered her words was making Sherlock’s blood boil. He gritted his teeth, trying to cope himself, but it was like leading a conversation with a snake which wrapped its viscid body around Sherlock’s, not leaving him a space to breathe. And Sherlock knew he is soon about to choke, Mary had no reason to not kill him after all. She apparently didn’t care John would get hurt, all she wanted was for him to stay with her whatever would be the cost.
, whether you want to share or not. I’ll wait,“ John assured him, soft smile crossing his lips, a smile that turned upside down in an instant. “Jesus, I guess I should’ve told you
“Well, obviously.“
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
Panning across the bedroom and over a pile of clothes scattered across the floor. Panning over the bed, to reveal-
Of course you do. You mean the world to me, don't you see that?
Silence. Dr. Mason carries on, takes a few notes. Once finished, she looks back at Sherlock, attempts to say something but Sherlock beats her to it.
“Are you not coming?” Sherlock laughs once after he emerges from the water and for good measure, he splashes John, who can't pretend to be annoyed for five seconds but he sure as hell won't let Sherlock get away with it that easily.
I'll keep that in mind. Now, if you'll excuse me...
“Don’t worry, it’s going to be alright,“ John assured him instead, planting a peck over his hair.
Sherlock has left John in the doorway. Holding on John, eyes closed.
“Stay here, I’ll be right back,“ John whispers, quickly getting off the bed and, judging from what Sherlock can hear, he evidently strides right toward the kitchen. Looking for something even remotely edible, Sherlock presumes, having no idea that John has already done some shopping beforehand, just in case, and so he could keep his promise and return back to the bedroom in an instant.
“God, why don’t you just leave it
Much to Sherlock and Mary’s astonishment, John Watson stepped out of the shadows from behind Mary’s back, with a gun in his left hand, gun which has been left pointing at his wife. He paid no attention to Sherlock but it was just to make sure that Mary won’t make any wrong move.
“Jesus,” he gasps in astonishment as he begins to skim through the exclusive menu. “I am
Sherlock, circling around the sitting room,checking his notepad. John is sitting in his armchair, on his laptop.
Definitely.
A beat on John, he throws a glance at Sherlock, then quickly, looks away again.
Sherlock gulped.
“Wasn’t it?“ John raises an eyebrow.
A smile of relief plays on Sherlock’s lips. “Good. Because I was bluffing. You think I’d
-the painting on the wall. A glowing skull. Dazzling blue light.
, but, not…
Have you gone mad?! Who the hell are you?!
“No,“ he sniffed. “I don’t want to hear about what horrific things those monsters done to you. I am afraid I would have to get up to find and kill them one by one if they’re still alive.“
I have an exceptional memory, yes. Each and every word.
let him know,
There's a phone ring, startling him awake. He takes a moment to perceive then begins to look for his phone. Finally, pulls it out of his trousers pocket.
we can let her run free. Especially not since she poses such a threat again.“
why you are so stubborn,“ Sherlock drawled all of a sudden, flashing John a forced but rueful smile as he turned to face him. It was rather a heart-breaking sight, watching Sherlock as he tried so hard to pretend he was completely unaffected. “You’d feel bad for not fulfilling my brother’s last wish. Is that why you’re so eager to stay?“ he conjectured, an assumption even Sherlock himself didn’t actually believe. His eyes glinted with abashment before he turned back toward the window, his head hanging down and lips pursed. The ever so distinctive taste of shame and guilt was intoxicating.
MYCROFT (CONT'D)
“Wait, hold on,“ John interjected, “you thought I would believe Mary and not you?“
Next time, do inform me before you decide to come crashing through the door past visiting hours.
, John, I am just… tired,“ Sherlock shrugged but raised no more objections.
JOHN (CONT'D)
and it brought back some memories and I just had to-“
CUT TO:
CUT TO:
“Thank
Sherlock took his time, not coming out until half an hour later once all the bubbles burst and water cooled down already. John had been restlessly pacing in front of the door ever since the moment Sherlock’s tea was done, clutching the mug in his hands. Once he could hear a creak behind his back he immediately approached the door, thoroughly studying Sherlock’s face that had appeared in the doorway.
“I can’t, John, I am sorry. Please, stay here, promise me you’ll stay.“
“I am sorry,“ John guffawed, but he proceeded to tease Sherlock more. “I just can’t believe we’re seriously leading a conversation about your morning wood.“ He received another soft punch, this time right into his face.
“Nothing you should be concerned about.“
And I did. At least I thought I did. I walked out of my bedroom, couldn't find you... but you kept repeating those words, again and again, and I couldn't understand why, I thought I was awake, but then... I started bleeding. Out of the blue.
“Wait. How did you know I-”
“No, John, you can’t even climb the stairs on your own. And I already told you – it’s not a case, at least not any usual one. I am actually trailing someone… Mary.“
They'll be fine. The same cannot be said about Jade Ferguson.
“Oh no, Sherlock, forget about it, you’re not going there alone,“ he warned him.
Instinctively, they both begin to move forward in the same time, pulling against each other like two magnets until their faces finally meet in the middle of the bed. As it turns out two seconds later, however, this is most certainly
“Am I supposed to eat all by myself? That’s not very
“You're an insufferable git, you know?” He swallowed thickly, barely able to hold back the tears. “And yet...” The rest of that sentence remained stuck in John's throat. He couldn't finish it. Sherlock stepped a little closer, he wanted to hold John in his arms, to soothe him but he knew he wasn't allowed. Never. Let alone now.
JOHN (CONT'D)
to the hotel staff.”
So he wiped away the tears off his eyes, taking a quick glance around the room instead of keep on torturing himself with dark memories. There must’ve been something he could do to prevent himself from going insane, something that would make the time flow faster.
John throws him a warm smile, then returns to cutting a toast.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
you.“
Going back to experimenting would be more than just a little useless and watching the telly was also out of the question. After minutes of mindless switching between the channels Sherlock concluded that the television is just a source of simply too much idiocy and he certainly wasn’t in the mood to be coping with it. He tried to soothe himself down through the music of his violin but his fingers were trembling too much to hold the bow steadily. If Sherlock wasn’t such a lover of the graceful melody the instrument was able to compose, he would undoubtedly throw it against the wall out of the sheer frustration.
(titters)
vision in one of my eyes. Thanks to someone I thought I could trust, but no, it was
Hold on, you don't regret what happened last night, do you?
So, er... D'you want to... sit here with me and watch...
It was almost as if the time has stopped and stood still since they’ve reached the hospital. Sherlock didn’t even move from the moment he couldn’t stay by John’s side anymore, he was staring blindly at the wall in front of himself, sitting alone in a small, freezing cold waiting room. Before they left him by himself, John’s physicians have informed him that the chances of his friend surviving such a fatal shot are less than minimal, but Sherlock strictly refused to accept the possibility of that John would not make it alive out of the operating room.
“I think you’ll know what to do,” the nurse assured her. “It’s clear how much you care about her. Just let her know she can lean on you. Now, are those papers signed?”
“That’s a yes,” Mycroft confirmed.
Within seconds he was upstairs, peering into his son's room. Hamish was huddled against his headboard, crying and calling for John. The knot of panic in Sherlock's chest loosened, concern taking its place. It had just been a nightmare.
A couple of hours later, Sherlock looked up from her microscope as another peal of thunder sounded almost directly overhead, immediately followed by a crash from the upstairs bedroom. Jo.
“I love you too, bee. Let’s have a shower and go to back to bed for a little while, hmm? I think we could both use a cuddle.” Jo rubbed at Sherlock’s back briskly and leaned forward, encouraging her to stand. Ignoring the mess of broken glass in the kitchen and the abandoned glass of water, she lead Sherlock by the hand down the hall.
"Oh, shut up," Sherlock grumbled.
Mrs Hudson sat down next to her and put a warm hand on her back. “It wasn’t your fault, dear. Prenatal vitamins or no, miscarriage just happens sometimes. It’s no one’s fault.”
when she thought she wasn't taking care of herself well enough; that was what her ballet instructor called her and Sherlock always, always listened to Madame Deschamps. (Jo always listened to her, too, for that matter. The woman was intimidating.) It was a more lighthearted way to get Sherlock's attention, to say, "you're worrying me, please take better care of yourself," without actually having to say it.
"Gorgeous as usual, love, but even I can tell your form is off."
“I can do that. I would have done it anyway, when you –” Sherlock cut herself off and chewed at her thumbnail. She looked embarrassed, like she felt guilty just for having brought it up. “Sorry, I – sorry.”
“Sherlock?” Jo asked hesitantly. “Sweetheart, hey, what's this?” She crossed the room quickly and sat on the edge of the couch near Sherlock’s waist. She placed her hand on Sherlock’s back, rubbing gentle circles.
Sherlock closed her eyes and held Jo closer, but said nothing. After a few moments she felt gentle fingers wiping tears she hadn’t even noticed were falling from her cheeks. Without opening her eyes, Sherlock pressed her lips to the top of Jo’s head in silent thanks.
“No buts. What would you tell a patient who was trying to get pregnant, if they came in with those symptoms?”
[15:07] Thursday next alright? -JWH
“We were actually planning on using a sperm donor,” Jo replied, putting on her Doctor Watson voice to mess with Greg, who promptly choked on his beer. Jo caught Sherlock’s eye and winked. “It’s more reliable, and so much more affordable – especially with Mycroft to help smooth over any legal issues.”
.” She curled closer to Sherlock, tempted to go back to sleep.
a few lectures on obstetrics and gynaecology in medical school, correct?”
John looks up at her, surprised. He knew he must look a bit besotted, grinning at his phone, but he hadn't thought it was
“Hmm?”
The long conversation she’d had with Mrs Hudson had actually helped her to feel more like herself and less like she would be crushed by the weight of her guilt and grief; after a comfortingly steamy shower she had been looking forward to tea and crap telly - and, alright, maybe a bit of a smoke. They had spent the evening and into the night sitting on Mrs Hudson’s sofa, drinking endless cups of tea and passing half a joint back and forth. Their previous conversation having been so emotionally-charged, Jo had enjoyed the chance to set everything aside and relax with Mrs Hudson, who had become something of a mother to both her and Sherlock.
“Yes…” Jo answered. She had an idea of where Sherlock was going with this, and she didn't like it. She knew that at her age, even with how much planning they'd done, it was unlikely that she was pregnant on the first try, and she didn't want Sherlock to be devastated when the test came back negative.
Thanks to Amber/williamsherlockscott-watson for beta'ing :)
Jo Watson, sitting the back row of an Introductory Psychology lecture, had almost completely tuned out the professor when it happened:
"Oh yeah," Jo agreed sarcastically, steering Sherlock out of the studio and onto the pavement to hail a cab. "I'm just awful, making sure you eat and rest and take care of yourself."
“No, nothing like that. It’s just… personal. It wasn’t a conversation we wanted to have in a busy restaurant.”
Despite this having been the reason Sherlock had gone downstairs, she suddenly felt guilty for imposing on Mrs Hudson’s kindness. She should be able to take care of her own wife, for chrissake! “You don’t have to,” she demurred. “That is, I would appreciate it, but if it’s too much trouble…”
Jo pulled her close and hugged her, stroking a hand up and down her back soothingly. "Shh, bee, you're alright. I think you're a little stressed about the auditions and the competition. You're an incredible dancer, and you're going to be amazing. You have time, and the talent, and the skills to work it out. Okay?"
The adjudication ended and Sherlock allowed Molly to drag her through the swarm of dancers to the dressing room, her sulky, sour mood from before dissolving rapidly as the reality of what had happened in the last few minutes registered.
Sherlock glared half-heartedly at her but took the thermos and sandwich Jo offered her. "Thank you."
"You're alright now." She pressed a kiss to the top of the boy's head. "Try and go back to sleep. You're safe now, it's alright."
Greg glared. “Lay off him, Sherlock. Anyway, showing up at the Yard with a single red rose and insisting I come to dinner with him convinced me in the end.” He smiled and kissed Mycroft’s cheek when he blushed.
Sherlock was blushing again and wouldn't quite meet Jo's eyes. "Yes, you are. You're lovely and distracting and I've missed you, but I'm exhausted and want to go to bed. Please? Can we just go to bed?"
Jo tugged one of the earbuds out. “It’s -- I found it in my -- I --”
“No, you’re right, of course,” Jo replied. “I just thought it might be nice, is all, to have it be someone we know.”
The question of donors didn’t come up again for nearly two weeks, thanks to the gruesome triple murder Lestrade needed their help with. The night after they closed the case, Jo reopened the conversation as they were getting ready for bed. “Have you thought at all about who we could ask to be the donor?”
"You worry too much. I'm fine."
Dr Singh touched Jo’s knee to get her attention. “I’m going to examine you now hon. Ready?”
[09:16]
“You’re worrying me, Jo. What is it? You know you can tell me anything.”
“I’m alright, thank you. ” Jo’s voice was slightly sharper than she’d intended.
, and most dancers who go pro are already with a company by the time they're twenty, and I'm still with a local school -- I've been with the same studio since I was four, and Mummy and Mycroft and even Dad say that I should focus on school and choose a career and think about my future -- but I
"Poor little guy," Jo sighed. "Did he go back down alright for you?"
“Can I tell you something, Mrs H?” Jo asked eventually, breaking the silence.
“Hello?"
"Yeah, I know, you're worn out. Let's go home."
“We’re…” Sherlock hesitated and looked at Jo, who nodded.
“So, if you’ve already tried once, what was it you wanted to ask us? Surely all this isn’t necessary just to request a repeat donation?” Greg looked more than a little confused, glancing between them and Mycroft.
She straightened in her chair and took a sip of tea.  When she spoke again her voice was clear and steady.  “I owe you an apology, Sherlock.  I convinced myself that you were wrong.  That you were the weirdo they said you were.  Months passed and I began to see it myself.  My mother plucked up the courage to seek a divorce, and shortly after my father took off.  I haven’t heard from him in twenty years.”
The mystery of Archibald Holmes’ death was on his mind most of the morning, and he was looking forward to a quiet lunch at the local Costa, if nothing more than to clear his head.
“Sherlock said that they were playmates.”
Inside were were nine 5ml vials.
John taught me to listen to my heart, to pay more careful attention to the needs of my body.  I am a slow learner, but he is (usually) patient, and when he is not, it is usually because I have little experience with relationships (true) or have behaved selfishly (more often true).  I must emphasise that John has not
Yet Sherlock was no woman.  John had seen plenty of men’s undercarriages in his profession and approached each and every one with clinical detachment.  His one encounter with Murray was nothing more than frantic frottage (although, admittedly, he would have done much more had time and destiny allowed).  He hadn’t even been sure Sherlock would be interested in the idea, and he hadn’t wanted to be presumptuous.
“What about you?  Did you eat?”
“Yes, again, I know.  Proud of yourself, are you?  Jesus, I feel like a teenager.”
“You did go to prison,” clarified Sherlock.
However it didn’t take long into their new relationship before Sherlock had reached for John’s hand during a blowjob and placed it on his backside.  “I love it,” he’d said breathlessly.  “Touch it.  Please.”  John nearly came just from the words alone.
"Someone special, luv?" the grandmotherly woman across the aisle asks. "You've been smiling at your phone non-stop. Lucky lady."
"My sister has always been rather more soft-hearted than she would like the world to believe," Mycroft said cryptically.
Later, Sherlock and Jo were woken by Mrs Hudson clattering around in the kitchen.
Sherlock’s chin lifted slightly and she turned in her seat. “No, I didn’t think so, either,” she replied casually, as if there wasn’t an entire lecture hall between them. The little boost it seemed to give her didn’t last, though, and she sank down in her seat to hide again.
Hamish peered up at him, blinking sleepily. "Papa..?"
The lobby was nearly as packed with people as backstage had been. It took Sherlock a few moments of staring around to find Jo, who was standing near the door holding a bouquet of wildflowers and looking pleased with herself.
"No, you need to eat, and rest for an hour or so. I know you - you probably haven't even taken so much as a ten minute water break today. So,
“Have you, um. Have you –?” she cut herself off, biting her lip.
“No, that doesn’t surprise me, actually. He gets a bit leery – harmlessly leery, but leery – when he’s pissed, and he’s not overly fussy about the gender of the people he’s leering at. But your
“I’ll wash your hair for you,” Jo wheedled. “Please? I just want to be close to you, and take care of you. Just for a little while. We’re both exhausted. Let me do this for you, and then take you to bed and hold you until everything hurts a little less.”
it's supposed to be fun!"
Sherlock smiled briefly at her, but still looked concerned. “Exactly.”
we need a different donor. Have you thought at all about it?”
Mrs Hudson knocked hesitantly on the door to Jo’s old bedroom, jostling the laden tea tray she was carrying.
“Mmm, no, I’m awake. What are we doing?”
. Reassured, Sherlock slides the ring back into its proper place on her finger and curls up on her side, hugging Jo’s pillow. She is asleep again almost instantly.
The hands flew away from where they'd been cupping up and under Jo's breasts gently. “What? Ouch, what?”
“Oh, no!” Mrs Hudson exclaimed. “Oh, the poor love. I’m so sorry, Sherlock, sweetheart. Is there anything I can do?”
glad. You can put the whole terrible thing behind you now.”
The four sat down around the kitchen table – Jo had bribed Sherlock into clearing it off properly so they could eat there instead of on the sofa, for once – and Jo poured wine while the food was passed around. Dinner was painfully awkward from the start. Sherlock and Mycroft spent the first ten minutes trading glares and silent insults back and forth.
The intercom on Mycroft’s desk buzzed at exactly the same time that the door shut behind them.
Sherlock swallowed hard and scrubbed her hands over her eyes. “I… yes,” she stammered, unable to think of anything else to say.
“That's your crime scene face, love,” Jo noted. “What are you thinking about?”
That didn't do anything to stop her nearly hyperventilating, though.
“Mhmm.” Jo nudged at Sherlock until she rolled over to kiss her properly. “Promise,” she murmured against Sherlock’s mouth, then pulled away. “Come on, get dressed. Greg said they’d be here around seven-thirty, and it’s already quarter after.”
I want to
obvious. "Yeah, he is. Special, that is. Don't know what he's doing with me, he could have anyone in London if he wanted. I'm the lucky one."
Sherlock’s nose crinkled as she thought. “None at all,” she admitted after a moment, sounding put out.
“Probably not,” Sherlock agreed. “Donovan can handle the scene on her own from here, anyway.”
Anger boiled in Jo’s stomach and she grit her teeth, biting back a sharp retort. It wasn’t her place to defend Sherlock – she hardly knew her, after all – but if no one said anything she would.
“Yes, fine. It’s just - are you sure? You haven’t been feeling well the last few days… do you think you should take a test? Just in case?”
“No, you’re not. Come on, love.” Jo helped her sit up, rubbing her back to wake her up a bit.
Jo smirked and leaned down to kiss her cheek. “Sorry bee. I'll make it up to you, alright?”
They listened to the recording all the way through four times. It was just under a minute long, so before five minutes passed Sherlock had taken the earbud away from Jo and wrapped her even tighter in her arms. “Please don’t shut me out again,” she said quietly. “I’ve tried giving you space, but I can’t stand seeing you hurting like this anymore. What can I do to help?”
“Whatever you prefer,” Dr Singh said agreeably. She scrubbed her hands in the sink in the corner of the room and snapped on a pair of rubber gloves. “Shall we get started, then?”
“Yeah?” Jo ducked slightly to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock kissed her cheek. “Of course. Always.”
Jo sat on the couch by Sherlock’s hip. “I know you don’t want to do this, but it’s important, yeah? Science hasn’t figured out how to make babies without sperm yet, so we sort of need Greg’s help with this one.”
Mrs Hudson looked concerned. She laid a gentle hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Are you alright, dear? You’re very pale.”
“Of course, dear. If you need anything else before you leave, you just let me know.”
“There’s nothing else I can do? How - I don’t know what to do, or what to say - what am -” Sherlock took a shaky breath. “I just… I can’t stand to see her hurting.”
“Perfect,” Jo tells her, wrapping her arms around her and kissing her head. The puppy squirms up between them to lick at their faces and they both pull back, laughing.
“Terribly sorry,” Sherlock rejoined, not sounding the least bit contrite. “Should I take you home and nurse you back to health?”
The subject of trying again didn’t come up until well after the would-be due date. Sherlock propped herself against the kitchen counter where Jo was making breakfast, looking shy and fiddling with her hair anxiously.
“Mmph. Time s’it?”
. It was the polar opposite of her original choreography, which had left Mme Deschamps scrambling to help her put together a new routine in just over four weeks.
[14:26] When did this happen, then? -JWH
“You both seem a little brighter today. I’m so glad. Has the bleeding stopped yet, Johanna dear?”
“Well, I think you’d be fantastic at it.”
Sherlock stirred, interrupting Jo's thoughts. "You're staring at me."
After a long moment, Jo opened the door to let Mrs Hudson in. “Thank you,” she said sincerely. “I haven’t felt much like cooking or eating these last few days.”
"Sherlock, you had a single piece of toast this morning and it's nearly noon. You were shaking like a leaf just now and could barely hold yourself
*****
“Jo?” “Alright, Watson?”
“No! I mean – yes! Yes, I want to. Please. Coffee would be… nice.”
Jo rolled her eyes, but smiled slightly despite the situation. “Yes, thank you Professor Google.” She sighed and took Sherlock’s hand. “Sherlock, I… it’s possible that I’m going to miscarry, love. I’ve been bleeding a lot for the last few hours.”
“Do what?” Sherlock asked, her voice muffled in Jo’s shoulder and sounding half-asleep.
"Why...?"
“I… no, I’m not. But then neither is Jo, and I think that’s worse.”
SHERLOCK
And then silence. Punctuated by nothing but a dog barking frantically but Sherlock might have as well imagined that. He didn’t hear himself laughing anymore. He saw no happy, innocent boy but a horror in his own juvenile eyes, hot stream of tears bursting out of his eyes. Mycroft’s words, uttered in a raw shock, sharp like a dagger cutting through his own heart.
Sherlock swallows, ignoring her. Suddenly, his eyes widen.
“I’ve never been gentler,“ John chuckled once he was finally done applying patches over Sherlock’s face.
MRS. HUDSON
“Yeah, well, what if she’s right?“
“No, that I am not, are we doing Q&A or what?“
. You haven’t left the flat for over three months, another four you spent in the hospital, so-“ Sherlock’s voice suddenly falters as he realises how insensitive that was of him.
I love each one of them.
The truth was that, obviously, John couldn’t have chosen a worst time to pay a visit, but there he was - him and his stupid tomboyish smile that made Sherlock’s knees go weak. He never had enough courage to admit it though, not even in front of himself.
SHERLOCK
he's still so afraid of.
“I am not sure what kind of a move you expected me to make, John,“ Sherlock frowned, eyes fixed on the floor at first as if he couldn’t bear to look directly in John’s eyes just yet, feeling ashamed and guilty. “I didn’t think you needed to be
Sherlock’s breath hitched. “You don’t know what you’re talking about, John.“
“Your boyfriend?”
Sherlock shook his head. “I am not scared of you.“ But what a lie that was. Mycroft warned him that Mary is sly and no one should dare to toy with her. But Sherlock couldn’t care less, he underestimated her, took the bait and as it seemed it was a mistake that might have very well cost him his life. His mind could only slowly comprehend the fact that he had nothing to defend himself with. At first he even refused to accept that he was simply wrong. Again. It wasn’t until Mary loaded her gun that Sherlock realised he somewhat fatally screwed up.
Sherlock stands haunched above her. He realises - John must have shot first... John. Sherlock's eyes, full of terror, go back to John-
SHERLOCK
. With
“Joh-John? God, no, no, no, you can’t die, please, John,“ he cried, cradling John’s body while kindly placing him down on the cold floor, trying to not make any fierce movement that would cause any more damage to the man.
...Okay.
As much as John would love to continue, though, he can only hardly concentrate on having sex while there's someone standing right outside the door.
But he's...
“I would do
SHERLOCK
“You tell me once you
Sherlock's pupils suddenly grow larger and his jaw drops but not a sound leaves his mouth. He's gazing down at John with such lust that his eyes appear to be ink-black, a starless night sky. John throws him a dirty smile and without hesitation takes his cock in his hand, bringing it closer to his mouth again.
Sherlock felt John’s fingers clasped around his forearm. It was an electrifying touch, one that transmitted jolts of rapture throughout his whole body. It paralyzed him before he was even able to offer a reply. On the second try he barely opened his mouth, the phone clenched in his hand beeped.
“Who-who told you about me and Mary?“ John frowned, crossing his arms.
“What’s the matter? Did I just hit your weak spot?“
.  He closed his eyes, leaned in, breathed through his nose (sharp, sweet, earthy, musky, incredibly sexual underneath the perfume of the oil) and kissed.
echoed through in his head.  All the fantasies about Sherlock’s body came flooding back.  What would Sherlock’s body look like?  John longed to touch it, trail his fingers through whatever hair did reside on Sherlock’s chest, under his arms, across his belly... between his legs.
“It costs £850.”
John shrugs.  “I hope you were serious when you said there was always a place for me here.”
“Oh, goodness.  Um, the Burnses, for one.   And the O’Briens.  But that was just silly; comments in church and the like.”
“I’m what they call
“The special was clearly written on the board next to the maitre d’s station.  You were so intent on your own desire for steak -- which you have mentioned no fewer than three times -- that you ignored the board and the waiter’s explanation of the evening’s specials completely.”
For a moment John was certain Owens was going to ring for the police; he looked frightened.  But then, something changed in his face, fear turning to resentment.  His nostrils flared like an angry bull’s.
“It’s a shame the Holmeses are selling the house.  I wish I had a place like that to call my own.”
, but the offensive golden behemoth that is currently reclining in Sherlock’s chair piques his interest.  Sherlock himself is sitting at the table across from him, polishing the removable mouthpiece.
Of course he did, thought John, who had read the research on the healing benefits of skin-to-skin, how infants stabilised after the trauma of birth simply by being held against a parent’s flesh.  Miracle cases, too, babies being brought back from the brink.  Sherlock, in many ways, John mused sleepily, was just like that.  He was still learning how to love, how to be physical, to be intimate.  John felt immensely proud and fortunate to be his teacher.  Or maybe they were learning together, rather, if he were honest with himself.
Sherlock now sported several red bald patches - one on his calf, his upper thigh, his forearm, his belly, his chest, and his foot.  None of these locations had been profusely hairy.  Sherlock had, from what John could tell, just an average amount on his legs and under his arms, and what he had was fairly fine.  He refused to think about what was under those black pants.
.  A few more minutes of  pressing the heels of his hands into the taut muscles lining Sherlock’s spinal column did he feel them relax, no longer stiff and knotted, but becoming soft and pliant.
“It’s fine.”
“You also have a drug problem,” quipped John.
They wrestled together on the bed, vying for dominance.
John doesn’t know what to say. He swallows and fiddles with his hands and can’t seem to define what he feels, what this means.  One just didn’t go out buying cottages to share with best friends.  This was a home, a future.  He can hear Rosie in his head:
“You know what I mean.”
He’d had plenty of female friends, too, ones who had kept him company during the day and sometimes shared his bed at night, but no one, not even Mary, had completely unlocked his heart.  He struggled with words to name his emotions long before he was deployed.  He loved easily enough, but being loved?  That was another story.
“Your honey is delicious,” said John to Mr. Campbell while taking in Mr. Chapman’s eclectic decor.  There was a fireplace with a few framed photographs resting on the mantlepiece.  John peered at a photo more closely: obviously Mr. Chapman as a much younger man, with a woman.  Then, two pictures of men with children of their own; John assumed they must be Mr. Chapman’s children and grandchildren.  To the side, a candid picture of two men caught John’s eye.  Without a doubt it was Mr. Campbell and Mr. Chapman, much younger, maybe in their late twenties, their arms around each other, laughing, looking off into the distance.  John was suddenly struck by a funny feeling.  John knew the two men were close friends, but were they...together?  His life suddenly seemed to flash forward; would that be him and Sherlock in forty years, playing bridge and quibbling about who last bought the milk and who lost the latest case notes?  It made him feel a little faint.
from romantic.  “Who are you trying to impress, anyway?”
John looked at him questioningly.
Sherlock would say otherwise.
“So what’s it like growing up in a small town?” John pressed on.  “Not much to do, I take it.”
John had always appreciated the line of a strong back; Sherlock’s was longer and stronger than any woman’s.  And he’d always appreciated the curvature of the gluteus maximus; Sherlock’s arse was beautifully made.  But what lay between those rounded cheeks...Good God.  Sherlock
The air above the throng of people had turned into a purple miasma.  A hipster whose beard was now a spectacular shade of yellow was carrying a woman on his shoulders.  Her sports bra (and entire torso) was covered with blue and pink splotches.  One of the race marshalls discharged a fire extinguisher in their direction, spraying both of them green.
“Yes.”
fine.
“She was an excellent frog-catcher,” Sherlock said with a wry smile, putting on his helmet.  He swung one of his long legs over the bike.  “Ready?”
In the morning before work, John ventured up to the east wing.  He’d grown tired of slipping behind the tarp, and with one swift yank, pulled half of it down.  The rest came away with a few more tugs and John wiped his hands on his trousers in satisfaction as he walked over it.
“All for simply being gone for few hours.”
“Thanks, Mrs. Gant.  You’ve been very helpful.”  John helped her up; she was aging, and although she was still managing the bakery well enough, John knew that she wouldn’t be able to carry on indefinitely.  John accepted the baguette she wrapped for him and promised to let her know if they came to any conclusions.
“You know,” he said.  “Maybe I should just push my bike into town.  Who knows what Sherlock is up to.  He gets busy, you know, and forgets about things.  My feet would be killing me by the time I got there, though.  Flat feet.”  He made a face.
John headed back to his own room and climbed into a bed he hadn’t slept in for several days.  Maybe he shouldn’t have brought it up, asked Sherlock to go back and rehash the past.  The police didn’t even consider it a crime, and how on earth would one man’s niggling feeling and the fact of a missing flower ever uncover the truth?
A sly smile crept over his lover’s face.  John swore he heard
Never one to stay daunted for long, John decided to take a different approach to the problem of his stubborn anus.  Perhaps he’d gone about it all wrong, starting with the largest thing possible.  His bum had been so bruised and sore afterward that he wasn’t even remotely in the mood to masturbate for a good week and a half.  He awoke before his alarm one morning from an erotic dream.  The details were fuzzy, but his body had been into it, and he was hard and leaking.  He grabbed the lube from his nightstand drawer and conjured Fantasy Sherlock.
“Bond was on a motorbike, John,“ Sherlock objected, hissing under his breath once John applied a plaster on his forehead.
Then suddenly he felt a touch, a real, warm touch against his cold skin, but instead of feeling relieved he screamed, not realising if out loud or not. Now there was no doubt in his mind that he was locked up in the Serbian basement again, with a minimal chance of surviving. And this time there was no brother to save his life.
“Even
John thought he was about to fall on deaf ears as usual, but much to his surprise, Sherlock seemed to be seriously taking his advices into consideration.
Sherlock tilts his head up to look John in the eyes.
Sherlock refused to speak at Mycroft’s funeral, he wasn’t even sure why he so spontaneously decided to do it in that very moment but he opened his mouth anyway, hoping the right words would eventually escape on their own. Failing at first. Quite miserably so.
“No. Sit. Eat some soup, please, and then I'll rub your feet for you, and then we're going to bed for a couple of hours because you need to rest."
“Of course you can, dear. What is it?”
Setting the soup aside, Jo hung her head. “She’s furious at me, isn’t she? She must be.”
The morning of her thirtieth birthday Sherlock wakes up alone, which is unusual, lately. The sun isn't up yet, which is even more unusual. Squinting at the alarm clock - not even six in the morning, ugh - she gropes for her phone on the bedside table and opens a new text message to Jo.
“Well,” Jo started hesitantly. “Sherlock and I have been thinking, well, talking really, and…” she paused, took a deep breath. “We want to start a family. We want to have a baby.”
Jo frowned at her. “Do you really want some anonymous uni kid to father our child?” she asked, disapproval clear in her voice.
Jo looked up from where she was picking at the soup Mrs Hudson had handed her, her face paling. “How…” she stopped and swallowed hard. “How much did she tell you?”
“Oh.”
Jo did, inhaling shakily. Behind her, Sherlock nodded. “Good. Hold it… two… three… good, let it out, slowly.”
“Of course, sister dear,” Mycroft answered smoothly. “That is the point of a donor contract, is it not?”
"Shh, Hamish, it's alright, I'm here."
Sherlock had spent much of her childhood in France, living with her
Jo nodded and delivered the requested beer, the disappeared back into the kitchen. This left Greg alone with the Holmeses again; they seemed to be having some sort of silent argument solely using facial expressions. Greg sighed and cracked open the can of lager Jo had handed him – he had a feeling it was going to be a very long evening at this rate.
“I got you something, if you want to wake up properly to see it.”
Jo leaned up and kissed her softly. “Thank you, sweetheart. Go get some sleep.”
"Hmm, yes, I am. Because you're gorgeous."
“I’m sorry, Ms Holmes -”
“You do understand that you won’t
“You sure you don't want to stay? I was mostly kidding about taking care of me. You said this case was an eight?”
“I wouldn’t have thought anyone would be interested in his fat arse,” Sherlock snarked.
"Daddy? Wh- where's Papa?"
“So that’s a yes, then?” Jo asked, wanting verbal confirmation before she let herself get excited about it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded silently, blinking back tears and looking more than a little overwhelmed, but smiling. Beaming, in fact.
“If you’re carrying, we can’t ask your brother to be our donor again. I mean, unless we used my egg and your brother’s –”
Jo smirked. "Can I get that in writing?" she asked.
“I… god, this is harder than I thought it would be.” Jo took a deep, shaky breath before continuing. “I had an abortion in uni, Sherlock. I was drunk and slept with some guy, and I got pregnant, and I just… I couldn’t have a baby then, I just couldn’t. So I got an abortion. It was… I thought I’d have another chance, you know? I didn’t think that would be my only chance to have a baby. I thought I had time. And now -- after losing our baby, our baby that you wanted so badly -- I can’t help thinking that that’s
Jo leans over and kisses her gently, wiping a tear off her cheek. “You’re so welcome, love. I wanted to get you a setter, like Redbeard, but English bulldogs are better suited for apartments, and when I saw her I knew you’d love her. She’s the runt of the litter, as well as the quietest and calmest, so I think she’ll do just fine once she’s used to us.”
Thanks to everyone who's proofread/commented/listened to me ramble about this project!!
"Why what, love?" Jo asked gently, then blushed bright red at the endearment she'd accidentally let slip. But Sherlock didn't seem to have noticed, or if she had, she didn’t mind. She raised one hand to her mouth, hesitantly, as if not fully believing that Jo had kissed her.
I've decided to end this fic here, and post what would have been the next chapter as it's own work, since it's almost entirely different in tone. So keep an eye out for that!
“And?” Sherlock prompted, tentatively hopeful.
Mrs Hudson cut her off and rose to her feet. Taking Sherlock by the shoulders, she stopped her frantic pacing and set her back in a chair. “Hush now. Take a deep breath. Start at the beginning.”
Jo stared at Sherlock, too. She was hunched low in her seat with her arms crossed defensively over her chest, looking painfully embarrassed. She realised with a little jolt that there were tears on Sherlock’s face and that her shoulders were shaking. She looked like she wanted to disappear.
"Sorry, I shouldn't have -- I just thought -- I'll, uh, I'll just go hide in my room, then, shall I?"
“Hello,” Sherlock said cautiously. “Why are you looking at me like that?”
“It’s okay if you don’t want to, I just thought –”
“We…” Sherlock swallowed thickly, forcing back tears. “She lost the baby.”
knowing that it was partially her fault.
Sherlock leaned down and smoothed Jo’s hair back, pressing a kiss to her forehead. “It’s on its way. I brought you pyjamas, if you don’t want to put your street clothes back on.”
“Only by you, Jo. Only by you.”
Jo moved her hand from where it had been resting on Sherlock’s stomach, tugging gently on her shoulder. Sherlock rolled over to face her, still pressed close.
Fifteen minutes later, after Sherlock had insisted that Jo pee in a cup and then use
, Greg thought, it was
“Happy birthday, beautiful.”
After an awkwardly long pause, Mycroft gestured towards the tea tray. “I’ll be Mother, shall I?”
“J’suis… mmm, I’m awake...”
Sherlock nodded, biting her lip to stop it trembling. “I want to see her.”
“We won’t be able to use your brother as donor again,” Jo said after a few minutes, taking a sip of her coffee.
“I’m not sure I want to put it behind me, exactly.” Jo replied hesitantly. “I… Sherlock and I talked, about the baby. I don’t want to forget our baby, the baby we would have had. Not really.”
Sherlock didn’t answer, but her breathing had evened out slightly, only occasional hitching sobs shaking her shoulders.
she was going to the Dance Off, which was the highest round of that weekend’s competition.
"Would you please sit still?" Jo’s hand landed on Sherlock’s knee after half an hour of constant shifting. "You're making me nervous."
"Of course you saved more than you lost. You're an excellent doctor, Jo. He thinks you're a hero, you know," Sherlock responded, twining one of Callum's curls around her finger. "We both do."
Greg looked briefly, horribly uncomfortable, which made both Holmes siblings snicker childishly. “And the other shoe drops,” Sherlock said, her smile turning slightly evil. Mycroft quirked an eyebrow at her.
At this Mrs Hudson gasped and covered her mouth, but didn’t interrupt, even though for a long moment Sherlock said nothing else.
“What about you, then? Have you ever thought about kids?”
Sherlock squeezed her hand again without looking up from her phone, which she was tapping at one-handed. “We’re not merely here on a social call, Mycroft, as you are clearly already aware. I’m forwarding you a contract now, which we can discuss. I’m sure you’ll find that it is very thorough.”
Do I look like a housekeeper to you?
The last memory I have from before I found myself in the hospital. My mind was too clogged, I wasn't allowed to think clearly. Probably that's why I'd forgot about it. Which is weird, because the memory itself is crucial.
Ah, Dr. Mason.
Sherlock, you don't have to explain.
SHERLOCK
John looks momentarily confused at the mention of Sherlock's full name, but the grin doesn't disappear from his face.
!” An unpleasant, scornful voice disrupts the atmosphere, forcing Sherlock and John to break apart. John, especially, seems to be aggrieved and perhaps a touch
Slightly embarrassed, John flashes an awkward smile, backing away toward the kitchen.
We hear a ring again, and again, it's John's phone buzzing.
“What if you just shut up?“ John laughed. “I told you, I am never going to leave you. Not even if you really
Carrying the tea pot, she walks over to Mycroft, stops. Stares at him for a split second, then, without any warning - pours tea over him.
Nothing... Just... Take it slowly.
Sherlock looks up at him, flushing.
Then why are we loitering around? Off to the bank.
“And how exactly she is supposed to achieve that?“ Mycroft frowned, slowly losing the track.
“More than okay, Sherlock,“ John assured him. “I am glad I came out,“ he smiled contentedly. “I am not going to pretend… it was one of the toughest decisions I’ve ever made and yes, I expected a tad different reaction, but it was all worth it, Sherlock, I was tired of concealing. Don’t you dare to think that you’ve ruined the moment, not for a second. I’ve been thinking about this for the whole night and I understand that you needed time to process this information. Look at
“Hm. I don't see a problem there,” Sherlock coos, his baritone voice all but melted chocolate and a provocative smile upon his lips. He lowers his hands to John's hips and pulls him closer and at once, John forgets all about Harrington again. It's just him and Sherlock and their lips searching for one another.
, John.
LESTRADE
Dr. Mason: She approaches Sherlock's bed, begins to check the equipment.
well aware,“ Sherlock nodded, bitterness in his tone. He knew better than anyone. The proof being a hideous scar marking his chest, existence of which, however, wasn't anything he wanted to talk about at the moment.
“You’re right, I don’t feel like it.“ John’s voice was a little harsh. He turned his face away from Sherlock and for a couple of seconds he was just glaring up at the ceiling.
I'll be in my room. Goodnight, John.
, you want giving me compliments
CUT TO:
Are you... not going to ask me if I want to talk about it?
“Ridiculous.“
who insisted that it was time to get more creative in bed, Sherlock,“ he points out.
Of course you do. She has your eyes. Just learnt her first word.
MYCROFT
“Please. You’re acting as if I didn’t know when exactly you’re about to reach an orgasm John,“ Sherlock sniggers, his tongue once again so cheekily running over his bottom lip. It’s really all John needs so he would roll over Sherlock and finally pull the scarf off his head, thoroughly wiping his face before peppering his eyelids and forehead with small soft kisses.
Alright. Give me five minutes.
pushing me into anything, John,“ Sherlock insisted. “I have already made it quite clear that I’ve completely changed my mind about this subject. I don’t want to be afraid of it anymore. B-but fine,“ he shrugged his shoulders, “if you think we shouldn’t discuss it just yet, we won’t. I just want you to know that it’s all fine, thanks to
“Stop wasting our time, Sherlock,“ Mary rolled her eyes, backing a few steps away from him, “I’ve not called upon you in order to listen to your pointless babbling.“
, just please... please don’t pursue me, John,“ he requested, disappearing before giving John another chance to stop him.
Oi, look, it's bloody late. You should take a rest.
What?!
- John Watson, on the verge of tears, but smiling. Beyond relieved. His lips wobble slightly as he speaks.
ECCENTRIC MAN
“You may,“ Sherlock nodded with a smile, allowing John to erase the remaining space between them.
“I am sorry, Sherlock, but it still makes no sense to me,“ John shook his head once he was done reading the second time.
John sighs, rubs a hand down his face. His voice is hoarse, sounds terribly guilty, as if reproaching himself.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
(he says this with contempt)
SHERLOCK
He barely starts to brush his teeth though, when Sherlock suddenly calls after him. Surely, whatever it is that he wants, it can wait a minute or two, John thinks, but Sherlock is evidently of another opinion. Receiving no reply only prompts him to shout John's name louder and more urgently, leaving John with no choice but to drop everything.
SHERLOCK
...I have an experiment to work on.
“John, your baby may arrive any minute now, she
feel about you. I was keeping it for myself, safely locked inside, just because I thought you wouldn’t be able to feel the same, John. But then you told me the entire truth, you came out and yeah, I freaked out because … what I thought was never meant to happen was suddenly very close and possible from becoming reality and frankly, I can only hardly believe it. “
“And you think I had it
“That-that was so – so -“
Sherlock squints at John, taking almost too long to realise that he's joking. “You're taking the piss, are you not?”
On Mrs. Hudson, looking after him, scowling.
(to Dr. Mason)
“Well, err... we’re in Spain. Staying at the hotel the whole time would be like going to Paris and not visiting the Eiffel Tower.”
“You insisted on watching it, John.“
Does that mean he can go home?
what matters the most?“ Sherlock takes a moment to compose himself, indulging in the feeling of John’s warm, gentle touch.
Sherlock nodded even though he could hardly focus on anything but John’s wet lips, whimpering into John’s mouth upon having his curls tugged and pulled. Sherlock’s hand immediately darted to stroke a path down John’s chest, savouring the feeling of warm, pliant skin shivering beneath the pads of his fingers. Sherlock couldn’t fight a smirk, knowing he was driving John completely insane with need and lust, prompting him to kiss back even more vivaciously now.
“Oh? Oh what?”
On Dr. Mason, she throws a look full of bewilderment at Sherlock, accidentally dropping her pen to the floor. She crouches to pick it up, stuttering through her reply.
like,“ John growled, leaning closer so no pedestrian could overhear what he was about to say. “Not sure what you’ve heard about him, but I can assure you that none of it is true. He’s neither a prick, nor arrogant, nor my-“ John’s voice halted all of a sudden, as if the words refused to leave his throat despite being absolutely true. It was simple: he
“Good. It has to stay that way.“
“Never what?“ John scowled, crossing his arms. “Didn’t you promise that you will never underestimate her again? Sherlock, look,“ John leaned forward, taking Sherlock’s face into his palms. “Mary is
“Do you really not see how important you are?“ John whispered, rubbing small circles with his thumb across Sherlock’s upper arm. “There’s Mrs Hudson, your parents, Lestrade, Molly,
,” Sherlock attempts to choke back a chuckle but he fails. His voice, however, is as mellow and warm as it could be. “I meant
“Why wouldn’t I? It’s a pretty film,“ Sherlock shrugs, as if it was nothing but common of him to admit to have such interests. “It has dogs and happy endings. I watch such films when I feel… like watching such films,“ he mumbles to himself, scrunching his nose at the food as if it was supposed to be poisoned. After a moment he decides to twirl some pasta on his fork, but he can’t bring himself to eat, not when John’s staring right at him and so thoughtfully. Before any of them manages to break the silence, Angelo interrupts again, practically prancing toward their table.
“Oh my, boys,“ she giggled, seemingly not even surprised by John’s presence nor Sherlock’s face covered in plasters. “You should’ve locked the doors if you were-“
“Well, my room’s upstairs, Sherlock,“ John stated what should be obvious.
What? No reprimands? No reproaching? I just insulted someone.
“I-I didn’t know, John.“
“Now I do,” Sherlock chuckles and locks their lips again in a much more vigorous kiss. He wraps his arm around John's back, rolls over him and pushes him into the mattress, his intention perfectly clear. John's chest rises and falls heavily as Sherlock straddles him and teasingly rocks his hips. He is just as hard as John and just as eager.
John quirks an eyebrow. Is Sherlock teasing him now? Better make sure, John decides. Mirroring Sherlock, he leans across the table, his voice descending into a husky whisper. “Are you
Sherlock could barely hear the soft tiny voice that tried to reach him. Those creepy voices inside of his head were too loud and everything felt too dark and grim for him to be able to focus on it. But then the grip around his torso tightened and Sherlock realised that someone was embracing him in his arms, hugging him, not trying to tie him.
They had plenty of time to get used to each other under all these new circumstances.  John had been prepared to guide Sherlock through this new stage of their relationship, however long they needed to adapt.
to leave Baker Street, I am not a coward.“
“Patience, love, patience, we’ve barely just begun.“
“John, for God’s sake, this is a form of tor-torture,“ Sherlock guffawed, trying to wrestle with John’s hands but John was much stronger, he easily managed to beat him.
NURSE FERGUSON
Sherlock knew about each of her intentions so far, but what forced her to act the way she was acting that day, that has been a mystery to him. A one he’d love to solve as soon as possible. After quite a few, long minutes of wavering he decided to answer, he could lose nothing after all and Mary was being rather persistent, she sent another couple of texts while Sherlock’s been hesitating what to do.
Sherlock - At this, finally, he manages to rasp out a single word:
(softly)
“Sherlock, it’s okay now, you don’t have to go into details.“ John pressed himself against Sherlock’s back, placing a small chaste peck over his nape.
,” John asserts. “We're in a five star hotel. I am pretty sure half the staff speaks English perfectly well, the only problem is that
What?
Sherlock didn’t have a chance to finish what he intended to. He had been disturbed by Mrs Hudson who just breezed into the room with the biggest grin on her face and a tea tray in her hands.
Mycroft frowned, Sherlock could tell from the bitter tone of his voice. “Good luck believing that. Sherlock, Mary is a trained assassin, a truly skilful one. If she wants to meet you in privacy, I have no doubt there will be guns involved and I bet that she will gratefully paint the walls with your blood the second she sees your face. You are sending yourself to a death trap, brother.“
(gently)
in this case.“
On Mrs. Hudson, lamenting.
Noticing Sherlock's glum, crestfallen face, however, his smile quickly fades. Something seems to be bothering Sherlock.
Sherlock slowly lifts his head and lets his eyes glide all over John's body. “Actually... I beg to differ,” he smirks, planting a small kiss on John's cheek, then moves to brush the tip of his nose against John's.
John's smile gradually fades. “You think so?”
speak to them or it was just a trick?“ Sherlock asked once she was gone.
Suddenly, John stops himself, realising there's no point in dwelling on what happened the evening before and risk another awkward conversation. Half of the attempts to have a heart-to-heart ended nearly catastrophically after all.
She turns around, starts to walk away.
“Are you
John has never really gone weak at the knees before, but once Sherlock's thumb reaches to brush the corner of his lips, his whole body turns entirely numb.
“Well, you better
Sherlock's face was but a white sheet. He hated seeing John in such a state. He hated
“Admit it?“ John had to take a moment to consider. Sherlock just dead straight asked him if he was attracted to men. When John got out of the bed, he could only hardly guess that he was going to be confronted with questions about his sexuality just a few minutes later. None of the topics Sherlock could’ve broached were more awkward to discuss than this one. John had been always trying to choke the truth inside of him, out of the sheer fear of what might happen if people learn one day. He had been denying that he was gay for decades, but never saying he was not into men at all, because that simply wasn’t true. And then he met Sherlock, Sherlock who turned his world upside down, with whom John eventually fell in love, and hiding his true face was suddenly even more difficult than before. But John was far too scared of unrevealing himself back then. There wasn’t a reason anyway; at least he thought so. Sherlock appeared to be stone cold, unsociable man not capable of developing romantic feelings for anyone not least another man. That had however changed and John was very well aware of that Sherlock was a completely different person. And so lying to his face once they were so close from finally tumbling those walls between them was unacceptable, John had to tell him the truth, it was only fair and the right thing to do. This was nothing he should’ve kept on postponing.
“Yes, of course I
(gestures at the door)
“To make me feel better?”
SHERLOCK
Did we just-
I could ask the same question... I've been to the hospital. Thought I'd find you there.
wanted to
John inhaled deeply. “Then you should have told me. You should have called. At least once. I would have been fine, I would have waited for you. Right here. At home.” John gritted his teeth, he couldn't keep it together any longer. Hot, bitter tears rolled down his cheeks and there was nothing he could do.
“What did you want to tell me?“ he could have suspected what Sherlock was about to say before they were interrupted but he needed to hear those words from
“Me neither, if I have to be honest,“ Sherlock tittered. “But I told you, that’s not what I needed to think about.“
On Sherlock. Silent. Suddenly, there's a hint of sadness behind his eyes.
SHERLOCK
“You are just making it bloody difficult to last significantly long enough, being so...
As soon as the tea was ready, Sherlock crossed the room, handing off one of the mugs to John who reached for it without a word but a heart-warming smile on his face. Sherlock‘s stomach sunk once again once John’s fingers tenderly brushed his, he decided to not comment on that however. John didn’t even notice how the colour of his cheeks transmitted through all the shades of pink, although he
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,“ Sherlock nodded in agreement although he was anything but pleased with the idea of dragging his brother into that mess again. “You’re not worried about me that much, are you, John?“ he asked once noticing how John’s grip around his shoulders tightened even more.
in this world means for me as much as you do. “
Sherlock bit his lip, his brow furrowed, still in a deep thought. “One hundred percent sure?“ he lifted his gaze after a moment, scrutinising John’s expressions. “You don’t sound surprised. That’s… strange at most.“
“I love you too,“ John breathes out at last, leaving out a small sob of relief. “I love you,
COCKY YOUNG MAN
“Doesn’t matter, it’s been a tough enough day, you should take a rest.
Hm. A solid three.
“I-I didn’t-“
“You deserve all the love in the world, Sherlock.“
“If it makes you feel any better,” Sherlock says, putting on the fakest stone-cold face he is capable of, “I admit that it's partly my fault.”
“That is the most
“Uncle's on a flight to Spain as we speak. And
Thank you. Bring the rings, please.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
“No, you’re not,“ John objected, taking one more step to shorten the gap between them. “Not even right now, you’re not even being honest with
“You don’t need to explain anything if you don’t want to, I just… look, Sherlock, I-I didn’t want to bother you, I wasn’t even sure what you were doing but… I’ve been thinking as well,
“Oh, so
“Well, who’s in a rush
“No, Sherlock,“ John quickly cut him off, chuckling, “I am alright and your pillows are
bouncing around
arousing you?“ he asks innocently, wetting his reddened, plump lower lip so sensually, it should be illegal, John thinks, grateful that Sherlock has already relaxed enough to banter again.
“I am sorry.“
“Yes, I know,“ Sherlock smiles fondly, leaning forward to peck John’s lips but misses on his very first try. It takes time to adjust to these new conditions. For a man who so heavily relies on his sight it’s even frustrating at first, now that he sees nothing but darkness, but Sherlock eventually adapts. All thanks to John of course who doesn’t hesitate to kiss off that subtle pout that has crossed his face.
“I don’t mean to meddle, boys,“ she chortled, “but oh, you can’t even imagine how happy I am for you.“
, right?“
“No. I want to keep it,“ he replies at last, slouching further below and spreading his legs even wider.
There Sherlock saw himself, vividly, like a hallucination. A little boy with an eye-patch and his brother, both laughing heartily as they’d ran through a golden wheat field, poking each other with their wooden swords. Mycroft’s voice resounded in Sherlock’s head, a voice that hadn’t belonged to either of those boys. A voice that had warned him, but Sherlock hadn’t been listening.
?!“ Sherlock was up on his feet so fast he almost lost his balance. His vision all of a sudden turned blurry and the whole room around him was spinning because of the dizziness he felt, but letting anyone to help him, not least to touch him was out of the question.
She stands up, tries to act nonchalant but failing.
And the feeling only grows stronger once they reach the table and Sherlock gently brushes the back of John’s hand with his thumb just before letting go and taking the seat opposite him.
“If I mind that you wanted to make me laugh?“ Sherlock’s eyebrow quirked upwards. “What kind of a question is that, John-“ he snickered derisively, locking their lips in a languid kiss.
John’s eyes widen.
Sherlock seems to be still reeling a bit there, he shrug his shoulders, then turns to look at the sun raising on the horizon.
“Oh God, Sherlock, come here.“ Once John lied back on the mattress Sherlock curled up against him, laying his head upon his chest and placing his arm over John’s torso. John didn’t even realise that Sherlock was in fact naked under the blanket, not even after Sherlock tossed his left leg over John’s legs in order to be as close to him as possible. No such inappropriate thoughts have crossed his mind this time. He circled his arms around Sherlock’s body, keeping him safe and protected and soon they both fell asleep like that, this time not opening their eyes until the sun rose above the horizon.
Bloody hell, if it's Lestrade again-
“I see you've been refurnishing too,” John remarked once after noticing the empty spot in front of the fireplace. His heart broke at the notion that Sherlock had decided to remove his chair but on the other hand, he should have prepared to expect unexpected.
(sotto)
John tittered. “Well, that’s certainly a question I’d never thought you’d ask.“
“Come on, ask John,“ Sherlock prompted him, a sudden spark of excitement twinkling in his eyes. “I don’t mind.“
As he sees Sherlock, he stops in his tracks. Before he manages to say anything, Sherlock moves from where he was standing. Walks toward his bedroom.
“I am fine, why shouldn’t I be? It’s
John, last night. I... I might have said something I had been saving for a more pleasant occasion. I just wanted to assure you... I meant it.
say so… then what does it mean, hm?“
That beast! That bastard!
,” John gasps, gazing at Sherlock in utmost awe. Leaning down, he closes his eyes and presses their foreheads together, breathing in the hot air Sherlock's exhaling.
“Oh, so you
CUT TO:
Wasn't it a bit rude to leave everyone behind?
. I just feel bad for you...
(rolls her eyes)
“It’s nothing… me-me neither, John.“
“I was worried about you,“ John said, raising up a little and mirroring Sherlock’s position. “I am so glad you’re okay, you can’t even imagine,“ he smiled, brushing the lock of messy curls off Sherlock’s forehead.
“Does this mean... good night?” Sherlock sounds almost disappointed. Or maybe his voice is just so hoarse due to exhaustion. He wouldn’t admit that though.
“More than you can imagine.“
I... assumed we were going to laugh it off and pretend it had never happened.
,” John groans, giving Sherlock a look of reproach, but his voice is quivering with amusement. And it's impossible to act offended when you're on the verge of laughter.
Exasperated, Nurse Ferguson reaches to the pocket of her uniform... Suddenly, her eyes widen in surprise.
Sherlock had no idea what to do with his hands at first but then he followed his instincts and let them fall over the small of John’s back, pulling the other man even closer. John snickered against his neck, now sucking with a tad more force and passion until he left the skin bruised and wet with saliva. He managed to ignore the fact that his hardening cock had been pressed against Sherlock’s thigh and nothing but few layers of clothes were separating them.
“So you’re saying I am trapped forever?“ John groaned, putting his hands on his hips. “With the person I don’t love, person who had hurt me, betrayed me, mocked me,
“John. Please, listen to me. This is serious.”
“I am... better... I think.“ he uttered, looking anything but sure of his own answer but John let him continue without interjecting. “I’ve had enough time to think about what happened and – there’s nothing either of us can do to reverse the past, John, nothing we can do but attempt our best to…move on. I am not exactly sure how, I am not sure how to deal with all this. But what I do know is that I promised you the entire truth John, you deserve to know. The reason why I acted the way I did. I owe it to you, John. I want to be nothing but honest with you from now on.“
Sherlock squeezes John’s hands in response, gently, having such a knot in his throat he wouldn’t be able to speak even if he knew what to say.
I am afraid there's more to it...
You weren't talking about sex? Isn't that... What you wanted to talk about this morning?
.” Sherlock's voice has instantly softened. Gone is the glum expression, as well as the stern look in his eyes. “If it's fine by you,” he shrugs, as if in attempt to convince himself that it's not a big deal. ”I-I know we started, well,
Same as before. This time, there is a cocky, young man sitting in the client chair.
“Sherlock?“
Sherlock was afraid that sooner or later the moment would fade and he was going to wake up from this dream but even after John pulled back from the kiss, he was still there, still cupping his cheeks, breathing hot and heavy against his mouth. It was such a sensational feeling, both the kiss and those few moments afterwards, even though it was more of a long lasting peck than a proper kiss. Nevertheless, Sherlock felt like he was about to leap off the coach and float in the sky, like the fluffiest, happiest cloud under the sun. No moment could’ve been more convenient to say the words Sherlock was so afraid of uttering before.
Only if you feel comfortable doing so.
“To be fair, it’s not even a question per se. I am just a little bewildered to be honest. John, when Mary asked you to choose between the two of us…
, so much. I love you with all my heart, I’ve always have. I should have told you ages ago, but you’re right, it’s the
I can.
... or something,“ Sherlock stutters as if too shy to finish the sentence. His whole face now as red as a cherry.
terrible.”
She's your wife.
Almost as if feeling the intensity of Sherlock’s gaze, John turns to face him with a smile, difficult to read properly.
Despite John not even being able to look at Sherlock after he let those words out, he could hear him uttering his name, silently, his voice filled with unveiled shock. He circled around Mary and took a few steps forward to claim his place besides Sherlock. He felt a need to guard him, serve as his shield,
On John, standing with his arms crossed. Unamused.
He exhales, lowers his eyes, abashed.
“Hold on, Sherlock, it’s just for a couple of days,“ John reminded him. “And don’t forget that this arrangement is completely unnecessary anyway.“
“You started,“ Sherlock whined, but his lips were spread into the brightest smile.
then,“ John pecks Sherlock’s cheek, his nose, neck and shoulder, at first chaste kisses turning into wet, open-mouthed ones once he reaches his stomach again.
?“ he quips instead, letting Sherlock to adjust his collar.
Sherlock and John have begun to walk away. Smirking smugly.
SHERLOCK
“Oh, if that’s the issue then... well, you can always borrow one of my shirts,“ Sherlock suggested, innocently, turning on his heels. Before John actually comprehended what Sherlock had said, Sherlock was already back, casually tossing a plain, flimsy shirt in John’s direction. John didn’t even flinch but stared at the piece of cloth in his hand as if it was for the very first time he’d seen such a thing, blinking rapidly in surprise.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, don’t you think we should discuss this?”
“What? Exhausted? Dishevelled? My mouth’s working
“That’s-that's not the answer to what I asked you.“ Sherlock mirrored John's stance, trying desperately to ignore how frantically his heart was pounding.
to apologise on Mr. Harringon's behalf,” says Lidia and adjusts her glasses. Her lips are pursed as though she's embarrassed but she tries her best to appear as collected as possible.
Sherlock offers no other response but a resolute nod, determined to focus on John’s voice, lips and hands, trying to catalogue all the sounds and touches.
At the door she comes to a halt, hesitates, then turns back to Sherlock.
What Sherlock needed was time and he was prepared to steal himself enough to survive this or at least to delay the moment of him taking a bath in his own blood.
Exactly.
Answer it. He might have a case worthy of my attention.
Sherlock finds himself paralysed in bewilderment, he can’t even bring himself to reply. Receiving no answer, John immediately averts his gaze, glint of disappointment flashing over his face, perhaps even embarrassment.
. These people think of themselves as superior. They make disgusting amounts of money they spend on things they don't actually want nor need but they do love to boast about how
You're walking funny.
JOHN (CONT'D)
for me,“ he said. “I – I guess, it shouldn’t have even started, it was a mistake, I dare to say, the biggest mistake of my life. I reckon I’ve realised that way too late, Sherlock. Christ, I may have never been more clueless in my life, but at least I know, I am
won't be necessary.”
“Yeah... we
SHERLOCK
Sherlock appeared to be rather scandalised by what John was propounding. There was no way the detective would let it all go so easily and John was aware of this, yet oddly enough, he seemed to be resolute to set a seal upon the topic.
CUT TO:
As she notices Mycroft, she frowns.
And so much more.
It's alright. You may see him now.
CUT TO:
“I told you, you should give up on her,“ he muttered, his eyes pinned down upon his own shuffling feet.
Sherlock. Please...
, John curses in his head. Sherlock has nonchalantly walked into the room wearing only a towel loosely wrapped around his waist and as if that wasn’t enough, he runs his fingers through his semi-wet curls, reducing John to a proper mess. John is very well aware that he is gawking at Sherlock, but hell, what
He grabs the newspaper from across the table.
Sherlock could hardly stop himself from kissing John again, kissing him breathlessly, cupping his cheeks trying to press their faces even closer even though it was not actually physically possible. Sherlock was still clinging to John so tightly so John’s hands were free and able to touch him everywhere, so he could rake his nails down his spine and butt and across his leg again.
“No, no, it’s okay,“ John smiled at him fondly, this time not wavering for a second to put his hand upon Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock forced his way up the stairs at once, leaving Mrs Hudson behind despite she had grabbed the sleeve of his coat to stop him.
John's eyes go to the complaining nurse, he scowls.
And as he does, we hear a ring - John's phone, lying atop the table, next to the newspapers. He throws a glance at the device, but ignores it.
Instead on the obnoxious buzzing, that’s been pestering the man for a couple of minutes already, he tried to focus on the stain of liquor he’s been analysing, but the noises were rather difficult to ignore, it was actually impossible to concentrate under such circumstances. Sherlock couldn’t even properly adjust the microscope while his phone was so annoyingly vibrating on the table, peeping every few seconds. Phone Sherlock so recklessly placed in the bosom of ampoules, tubes, pipettes and flasks full of undefinable chemical compounds.
A decree to confirm your marriage was annulled, yes.
“You must be freezing cold,“ Sherlock observes. “How about hot chocolate?“
Sherlock allows himself a wry smirk, then glances at his phone, announcing that John has exactly seventeen minutes to pack before the cab arrives. Except John is still staring and staring, failing to put two and two together.
On Sherlock's face.
to happen like this. Thankfully enough, Sherlock shares the same mindset. Flashing a dirty smirk, he draws an inch back and pushes John toward the other room. Within a beat, they're kissing again, Sherlock's hands roaming all over John's bare chest and John fumbling with the buttons of Sherlock's shirt while trying not to trip over his own feet. Just before they reach the bed, John turns them over, strips Sherlock's shirt off and lays him down on the mattress.
God, I love you.
“Yes, for a-a...a walk, or perhaps…
true,“ Sherlock protested, raising his voice out of nowhere as if that statement had personally offended him, catching John completely off guard. “You’re going to be a great father, John, You’re the most loyal, the most caring and considerate person I have the fortune of knowing. I am sure Mary thinks the same. She has changed. Which is why I-I don't think she meant any of
SHERLOCK
“What exactly you’re pointing at?“ John frowned, passing the last piece of broccoli into his mouth. Sherlock had barely said a word since their takeout arrived and so John could hardly even guess what was going through the detective’s mind.
John reaches to hold Sherlock's hands just as they pull back from it.
Our...? Bedroom?
“Good night.... John,” Sherlock exhales, struggling to steady his breathing. Closing his eyes, he presses two fingers against his own lips, as if to relive the feeling of kissing John but it’s
John’s eyes were dark and flaming with despise he felt toward Mary since he learned about all of her secrets she tried to hide from him.
“Well, obviously, she won’t go after John,“ Sherlock said, his voice calmer once his eyes were met with John’s. One look, one glimmer of expressions was enough for Sherlock to realise that John didn’t want from him to discuss the topic of the two of them being a couple in front of other people, not least Mycroft. Not yet anyway. So Sherlock avoided mentioning that part.
,“ he snorts at himself, but to Sherlock it sounds more like a strained sob.
Sherlock approaches from behind, smiles down at him.
“Sherlock, dear, are you alright?“ Mrs Hudson asked.
that I live here.“
And you figured out that how??
JOHN (CONT'D)
“You don’t want to go home yet?“ Sherlock frowns. “I thought you already had enough for a day. “
“Of course I do,“ John nodded. “I am not going to pretend that you need to make up for it, I am too exhausted for that and honestly? Sherlock, I can’t even be mad at you for longer than five minutes. I don’t think it will ever be possible from now on,“ he chuckled quietly.
, Sherlock.“
“Yes,“ he uttered bluntly, steeling himself before lifting up his gaze. There wasn’t a grin hanging upon John’s face however, his lips were parted and for reason beyond Sherlock, the monitors around him were beeping rapidly again. They both ignored that this time.
“You’re being so stolid, Sherlock,“ Mary chuckled. “Almost as if you were already used to dying. Well, naturally, it must be getting quite boring already.“
“Don’t bother, please.“ At least Sherlock replied. That was a good sign. Although it was hardly an answer John had hoped for, he was glad that Sherlock was communicating again.
Now on John - lost for words. Mortified.
“Blush?“ John smiled fondly, prompting Sherlock to do the same.
Um... What happened to-
It was Sherlock’s turn to steal himself a couple of kisses and turn John’s words into an incoherent mess of noises. He ran his tongue over John’s lower lip before pressing forward and licking inside John’s mouth, caressing down and back his nape and spine so tantalisingly so John’s entire body shivered with pleasure.
“But if I gave up… who else would take care of her? Someone has to,“ he pointed out, trifling with his fingers behind his back. “We can’t contact police in this case, John and I told you – there is
Alright, then. Remember Waters gang?
Sherlock doesn't move. Doesn't even throw a glance at John. Completely focused.
told me I could still trust her.“
“You were complaining,” John retorts. Sherlock scowls at him in return but decides to hold his tongue. At least until they reach their hotel room.
“If you’ve ever been with a man?“ Sherlock interjected before John managed to finish his sentence. “Ridiculous. Why would I ask, John? I just… slipped.“ The truth was that Sherlock had rarely ever dwelled over the possibility of John being in a relationship with a man before they met. It was one of those reasons why he had never before believed that John could develop any deeper feelings for him. He had seen him acting like a flirt whenever in the presence of women, but he had never noticed such behaviour if men were involved. One of the greatest observers had overlooked what was right in front of his eyes, just because he was at first so convinced that John being in a relationship with a man, and therefore Sherlock himself, was a matter of pure fantasy. There were certain signs, Sherlock couldn’t deny. But since John had never been particularly open about such things, Sherlock never knew if those hints were of any significance. As it turned out, they were. And the moment it occurred to him, Sherlock immediately changed his mind about brushing off this subject, he needed to learn more. Even though he couldn’t be sure if John was ready to answer such delicate questions.
Oh... That's... I appreciate it, John. If I have to be honest, I didn't expect you to come. After what I said.
Funny. Then why did we have sex on the counter last morning?
“S-so-“
“John?“
“Oh, come on, It is exactly what you like, Sherlock.“
...John...
John stopped halfway through the corridor, his entire body tense from what Sherlock could observe. “No, not yet. I’ll take a shower, make some breakfast, I guess. I might go and grab some clean clothes but then I return back to you. As I’ve promised, I’ll take care of you, Sherlock, nothing has changed about that.“
♫ Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb... ♫
In the doorway he freezes, peers inside. A gentle knock on the door.
her. She didn’t even bother to ask how
Mary reacted in an instant, almost as if she forgot she was about to end Sherlock’s life. “It was a tad more pestilent thing to handle, I admit, but I am quite used to becoming a person I am not at all.“
Several weeks later.
“Excuse me?“ John’s fist clenched at such insolent words, he was seething and yet his voice was perfectly steady. His eyes, however, his eyes were blazing dangerously with sheer resent and anger. If the conditions were any different John wouldn’t hesitated breaking the guy’s nose but the last thing Sherlock needed that day was John being taken to jail because of protecting his dignity.
John doesn't want this moment to end. And not only because kissing Sherlock is pure bliss. He is very well aware that once it's over, he'll have to explain himself and unless he's finally ready to confess he's in love with Sherlock (which he isn't), he doesn't have many options.
“I don’t want her
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
“And so
Christ. You... You were here that night. You were one of them. One of Moriarty's snipers...
I beg your pardon?
SHERLOCK
Later. Sherlock, alone now, still pacing around the room, clutching the phone in his hand.
“I’ll be sure to remember that if we ever visit Paris.”
John: a weak attempt to smile.
MRS. HUDSON
to you because - because I was trying to hide. But what I’ve realised is that… I
DR. MASON
, Sherlock Holmes,“ he purrs, planting a butterfly kiss on the tip of Sherlock’s nose.
Sherlock could barely swallow through lump in this throat. He heard the shrill of the gun firing, John shouting his name, over and over again, like a broken gramophone, streams of blood sloping through his fingers again and then there was
MRS. MERRILOW
“John, I guess we’ve gone too-too far,“ he stammered.
, comes back,” Sherlock crosses his arms and looks over at the bar.
Sherlock huffs, rolls his eyes, flops on his back.
“You-you see, John, you were wondering why Mycroft and I had always considered love and care such a disadvantage, such an...error,“ he added after a moment of aching silence, barely whispering, his face wilting like a plant and paler than ever before and eyes glistening with sparkling tears. “Now here's why. See how many mistakes I've made already? How exceptionally wrong I turned out to be? I’ve completely lost my mind over doing what I thought was good for
MRS. HUDSON
Back on John. He lets his head fall back against the cushion. Closes his eyes, slowly dozing off...
“Wait, I didn’t mean-“Sherlock didn’t even manage to finish his sentence. The water was already running so he followed John instead, waddling down the corridor. Once he stepped into the bathroom he’d been hit by such a dazzling smell of lavender and chamomile that for a brief moment he forgot what even he was doing there in the first place. Sherlock was sure that he just must’ve walked in on John while he was about to have a bubble bath himself, the only thing missing were the candles that were usually scattered all over the room.
No, no, no, John, no. Stay with me, please.
through the window? And what man are you talking about?“
“You can tell me, Sherlock,“ John assured him, but Sherlock just shook his head with a laugh.
, John. Hold me and kiss me, love me and make me forget about her.“
A beat. John gulps.
SHERLOCK
uncomfortable couch or-“ Sherlock’s voice dropped low below almost inaudible volume,“ slither into your bed at worst.“
Right... I'll ask just once more... What is the point of this bloody charade, hm?
it, John. I felt it once you kissed me,“ Sherlock smiled shyly, tracing a finger over his own lips. “It was…  God, I can’t even describe it, John. I’ve never experienced anything similar before, I am out of words to be honest.“
“Then lie down, come on.“ While still holding Sherlock in his arms, John slouched down to the same position they lied in before, except for that he wasn’t leaning against the headboard anymore.
“I am
(sleepily)
On Nurse Ferguson, outraged. She glares at Sherlock, stomps off.
“I have to apologise for disturbing you,” she says with a thick Spanish accent, “my name is Lidia Alvarez and here Mr. Harrington asked me to-”
Right... Is that why Sherlock ended up with a bullet in his chest? Because he was inconvenient to her?... Why? He's never posed a threat to her.
to be reminded. Sherlock's ability to remember every detail under the Sun, relevant or not, is sometimes more of a nuisance than advantage.
Facing her - Sherlock, sitting in his armchair, sipping tea.
“Er... yes,” John gives a stiff nod. Luckily, a waitress soon arrives, putting a couple of menus on the table and thus giving John a good enough reason to change the subject.
“It’s obvious, isn’t it?“ Sherlock started. “First it turns out that Mary is pretty well aware of that we’re after her and then you appear out of nowhere, just
What exact words Ms. Ronder shouts?
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Speaking of which, it's time to stop doing that, John chides himself. As he lifts his gaze, his eyes automatically glide over to the laptop lying on the mahogany desk opposite the bed. John had put it away when they arrived and never touched it since but now that the case has been solved, he might as well update the blog and kill some time before he is ready to share the bed with Sherlock again.
JOHN (CONT'D)
On Sherlock - in the doorway, putting his coat on.
Sherlock had already lost count of how many times John repeated that he loved him, uttering those words between kisses and then a dozen times again once after pulling back and lifting him up, carrying him straight to the bedroom. Their lips... never apart.
John glanced back at Mary, wry smirk hanging upon his face, his gun aiming right at her head. Although his voice has been shaking, he managed to utter the words that he should’ve said much sooner and definitely under better and less turbulent circumstances.
a freak,“ John sighed in response, immediately wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s waist to pull him closer and plant a kiss over the temple of his head. He kept his lips pressed against his skin even once Sherlock continued talking.
(off-screen)
That night John felt lonelier than usual. Maybe because it was the first time since the shooting he slept in such a large bed, maybe because he simply yearned for another person to share the space with him. No other person but Sherlock could fill that void however. John used to dream about the two of them sharing a bed before but never before his imagination ran as wild as that night.
In the blackness, we hear a heartbeat.
CUT TO:
, listen to me, I-“ Sherlock takes another deep breath, knowing he has to choose his words with utmost care so to avoid causing more hurt.
Sherlock, pacing up and down the hospital corridor outside a private ward. John's ward. He's fiddling with his own fingers, looks almost close to a panic attack.
Yes. A trifle I might have forgot to mention. The other you, wore his hair differently.
what I was talking about.”
Sherlock automatically parts his lips, allowing John to put one another piece of food between his teeth, ready to immediately make the right guess, but he’s rendered speechless as soon as he takes the bite. And not even because his mouth is now full of honey. He’s positive he’s never before tasted a sweeter chunk of apple in his life, not admitting it aloud naturally but John can tell anyway, thanks to the teeny pleased noises Sherlock’s currently making.
JOHN (CONT'D)
NURSE BARTON
On Sherlock, barely able to hold back a grin.
You didn't think I'd simply disappear and let you live your life, did you?
Frantically typing another message, Sherlock springs from his chair, begins to nervously pace around the room.
“John, please,“ Sherlock whispered, his eyes full of tears he couldn’t stop from rolling. There was so much he wanted to say, so much he didn’t find the courage to tell John before but now he would willingly speak up even if it meant John would laugh him off. Sherlock would rather have
SHERLOCK
Sherlock never wanted to be able to see more than at this very moment, now being absolutely sure that the true purpose of this little game they’re playing is turning one of the partners into a pleading, moaning puddle. It’s working, he thinks to himself, especially the moment when John sneaks the ice cube underneath his pants, following down his happy trail but then pulls back and doesn’t repeat that again, much to Sherlock’s disappointment.
“You’ve managed to pack just under five minutes. Impressive.”
A beat. With a sigh, John pockets his phone. Looks at the door in front of him.
gently, reducing John's vocabulary to a cacophony of whimpers and groans. At this rate, they're not even going to make it to the bed...
The moment John turned over to settle into a more comfortable position, the bathroom door were opened in front of his eyes and Sherlock stepped into the room, nothing but a towel loosely wrapped around his waist, his skin glistening in the dim light. John forgot how to breathe for a second. He had seen Sherlock like this before, half-naked, bare chested, his hair ruffled but never before it was Sherlock fresh out of the shower, droplets of water still dripping down his marble-like body. John had to admit that he looked even more beautiful than before.
A beat. Sherlock thinks for a long moment. Making a deduction, it appears so. At once, he sighs, his voice slightly drops, but he tries not to get too emotional.
(mumbling)
Fairly easily. Why do you think they're robbing one bank after another?
relationship actually.
be sorry for?“ John scowled.
need me,“ John corrected him, this time looking right into Sherlock’s eyes. “You don’t have to worry about the baby, still two weeks to go. Besides… there’s – there’s something I wanted to tell you, I-“ John’s voice faded out, as if he suddenly realised that it simply wasn’t the right time telling Sherlock about the suspicions that Mary had planted into his head. He wasn’t even sure whether his doubt was actually justified or he’d been overanalysing insignificant points he’d considered clues.
Oh, Sherlock, if you want to hide from me so much, then you shouldn't be so loud all the time.
“But I don’t want to leave him,“ Sherlock sobbed but managed to hide it behind rather a strained growl.
“You are most certainly
“No. I don’t need to move an inch, John.“
Trust me, I love the idea as much as you, but... Don't you think we should discuss this whole thing first before we, um...
“Certainly not.“
Has he called yet?
DR. MASON
, who is not even
so she could have protected me, I’ve never believed that fairy tale. Sherlock, if she loved me so deeply, she wouldn’t have deceived me in such a way, she wouldn't be acting so abhorrently now. She would have never shot you in the first place. I told you, Sherlock. Mary believes she
(to Mrs. Merrilow)
“I don’t know, maybe,“ Sherlock hissed. “Mary told me she is in contact with a few people among your sort, she
Sherlock knew he should look John in the eyes and admit what he’s been feeling since as long as he can remember, but what would be the purpose? Sherlock was still pretty sure that John would laugh him off if he learnt about his feelings. When he thought that he was losing John forever he would do it without hesitating but right now when the time has come and he had a chance to confess, it suddenly didn’t seem like the wisest idea. But telling John that what he said in front of Mary, not even being aware of his presence, was all just a farce, that wasn’t an option either. So here he was, Sherlock had to lay all the cards on the table.
, I told you, John,“ Sherlock protested.
Rubbing his eyes, he answers it.
Sherlock smiles knowingly.
, you idiot,“ John uttered in half-whisper, quickly heading for the bedroom so he could finally unpack.
Sherlock had expected a quip or at least a raised eyebrow but he received none of that. What John offered instead was the sincerest nod of understanding. At least he
I am awake!
, Sherlock, yeah, I am – I am going to fuck you so hard so you’ll see the stars, Sherlock. You’ll come for me, will you Sherlock? And I am going to come for you,
He struggles to finish, still not entirely prepared to accept what happened.
(smile drops)
John,“ Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Read it again, please,
“Sherlock, come on, tell me what happened.“
They exchange a look, smile at each other.
Seems the three of them were arguing but as they notice John, they pipe down, staring at him.
“Weren’t you listening? I was incapable to pull that damn trigger, what other choice I would have if I wanted to save you?“
SHERLOCK
“No, I -“ John couldn’t help but titter, “are you doing that on purpose?“
(forces another smile)
John’s attempts were, however, whether unfortunately or not, thwarted by his own phone that had started buzzing quite obnoxiously, teetering on the edge of the table where John had left it.
(flustered)
Sherlock must have not expected to start blushing because the moment his cheeks redden, he titters and scuttles toward the bedroom. John can't help but gawk after him, thoroughly puzzled.
A beat on Bonnie, lying on the sofa. She tilts her head, makes a little whine.
What? Lestrade? How do you know?
he is doing all this on purpose? After everything that has happened in the restaurant, John simply cannot rule out this possibility anymore. And, only to reinforce his suspicions, Sherlock throws a coy smile in his direction just before walking into the other room.
I doubt that.
Ms. Ronder? Ms. Ronder, you have visitors.
“Are you mad now?“ Sherlock peered at the other man from under his lashes, his voice merely above a whisper.
“It’s nothing.“ John’s voice was a little harsh in his attempt to quickly change the subject. “I was just thinking. Wondering… where am I going to put all my clothes,“ he fibbed, shaking his head after letting out such a dumb lie.
down on his own, he very quickly comes to realise that Sherlock
On one hand, it’s somewhat an honour to be entrusted with this kind of private information, on another, John can feel his fingers trembling as he pours some of the lotion onto his palms. He kneels behind Sherlock and ever so gently begins to massage the sunscreen into his back. It’s a moment so intimate, John wishes to forget they’re in public. And Sherlock... Sherlock makes it anything but easier.
made the effort to
“Where do
decided to call it a day,“ Sherlock said, suddenly a stern look in his eyes as if John had done something bad. “I told you, you didn’t have to do this all night. You’ll enjoy enough of nocturnal life once your baby’s born.“
They’re almost at the Elephant before Sherlock speaks.  “It wasn’t about Glastonbury.”
“No.  But unlike you, I do have great respect for what grows from my scalp.  And I enjoy chemistry.  It was an entire wall of chemistry, John, and it was by far the most interesting thing in that place.  I just happened to notice that a bottle was slightly out of place; I picked it up. The rest is deduction.”
“So we’re really gonna do this, huh?”
[09:24]
Twenty minutes later, with a sleeping Jo Watson curled up against her shoulder, Sherlock decided that maybe thunderstorms weren't so dull after all.
“It was never really for me. Frank insisted that we ought to have children, and since I’d never thought much about it either way, I went along with it. It took ages for me to get pregnant the first time, but I wasn’t overly bothered.” She paused, looking suddenly sad and thoughtful. “I suppose it’s a bit sadder, isn’t it, when you really want it?”
“Sherlock? What is it, love? Have I done something to make you think something was wrong?”
“Oh, sweetheart, I’m so sorry. I should have been taking better care of you. I’ve been selfish, caught up in my own head. I’m sorry I didn’t see.”
“You don’t have to apologise, sweetheart. Of course I’ll take care of you.” Jo laced their fingers together, lifted them to her mouth and kissed the wedding ring on Sherlock’s slim finger. “I promised when I gave you this ring that I’d always take care of you. I intend to keep that promise.”
"Yes, my
“Approximately forty-two hours, then. It would have been longer, but there was a beginner’s class last night and I couldn’t use the studio.”
Jo grinned and kissed the pout off her face. “I told you, I could smell it. They were just starting to burn.” She paused and wrinkled her nose again. “And they smell terrible.”
“Oh, Frank and I tried for years,” Mrs Hudson replied lightly. “I suppose it’s for the best, what with all that happened.”
[09:18]
“Your blood pressure is probably low,” Sherlock said wisely, digging around in the cupboard under the sink for the tests she had stashed there. “Your body isn’t used to the extra demand, yet. Hopefully that will pass.”
“Yes, because I’m ridiculously in love with you. But your brother is even more ridiculous and difficult than you are, not to mention a pompous git.”
“Why didn’t you ever have children, Mrs Hudson?” she asked after a few moments.
Sherlock took a sip of the strong, sugary tea the nurse had placed in front of her to steady herself. “Is - is there anything I can do to make it easier for her?” She didn’t much like having to admit her uncertainty to, and request help from, someone who wasn’t Jo, especially a near-stranger. But this was important - this was
Their eyes met across the room and both girls started forcing their way through the crowd. They met somewhere in the middle, and Sherlock suddenly realized that she was beaming again, that her cheeks were sore from smiling so hard. Her smile got impossibly wider as Jo crosses the last couple of feet between them and threw her arms around Sherlock’s waist, lifting her off her feet and twirling her around a bit.
“I’m sorry, dear, she asked me not to tell you. But she said that if you answered to ask you to come in. She's not in any real danger, I can tell you that much.” The receptionist sounded apologetic and kind, and Sherlock liked them despite herself, despite the reason they were calling.
“Humor me, please?” Sherlock slid her hand down to rest on Jo’s stomach. “Try to breathe into my hand.”
Sherlock nodded, her bottom lip caught between her teeth.
Jo must have fumbled something in the shower. There was a sudden loud clatter, and Sherlock jumped, the noise interrupting her tears. She smiled weakly and wiped at her eyes, listening to Jo curse out the dropped bottle. The interruption was a welcome one, reminding Sherlock that she was not alone in the flat with her grief. There was a heavy, dull ache in her chest that she suspected would lessen if she let herself continue to cry, if she let Jo comfort her, but she refused to allow herself the leeway. The nurse had been right: she needed to be strong for Jo. Her own grief could wait.
Greg nodded. “Something important, you said? Is anything wrong?”
where the conversation was going and would do anything to avoid it.
“I - of course. Do you want me to wash your hair for you? Or - I don’t know, I can just keep you company, if you want?” Sherlock offered. She felt like she was supposed to be doing something, anything, for Jo, to make this easier for her, but she had no idea
Sherlock clapped her hands over her ears. “Ugh! Don’t say it! Bad enough I had to think about him
Jo kissed the side of her head and hugged her tighter. "Well, then, you keep practicing and training, and keep studying Chemistry -- I know you love it, and you're nearly halfway through your degree now -- and then you audition again next year."
Sherlock sulked harder, pouting her bottom lip at Jo, and didn’t answer. Jo kissed her quickly, nipped at that lip, then got up and headed back to the kitchen. “Up!” she called over her shoulder.
“Sherlock and I wanted to ask if
Sherlock was at Jo's side in an instant, one arm tight around her waist to support her weight, her face pinched with worry. “I've got you, come on,” she murmured, half carrying Jo over to sit on the closed lid of the toilet. She sat down on the edge of the tub, keeping one hand on Jo's back, warm and comforting.
“And shorter and lighter than normal. Yes, Sherlock, I know, but -”
“Low enough for concern, unfortunately.” Dr Singh’s voice was sympathetic. “We should do a pelvic exam to check for cervical dilation, but if the cramping is too bad we can just do an ultrasound, keep an eye on things that way. What do you think?”
“I’m fine, love. Just crampy. Want to take you home and go to bed.”
Jo sighed. “I know that, I do. I just… It feels like it’s my fault. It feels like a failure. I feel like
“Okay,” Jo agreed breathlessly. She cupped Sherlock’s face in her hands and kissed her soundly, brushing a stray tear off her cheek. “Okay. Let’s. Heh. Let’s do it, bee.”
Sherlock froze long enough for Jo to see her blushing again, then picked up her pace to avoid her.
“Are… are we okay?”
Still uncertain, Sherlock rolled over and pulled her close, curling up with her head under Jo’s chin. “Are you sure you’re alright with this?”
"Would you shut up?" Jo laughed eventually. "It's not supposed to be
“Jo.” Sherlock’s voice sounded far away. She was still more asleep than awake and grumbled incoherently, burrowing further into her pillows.
to have such an important conversation via text message, but also (well, mainly) because she couldn’t imagine Mycroft and Greg in any sort of intimate relationship and wanted to see it for herself.
“After ten. You’ve been asleep almost eleven hours.”
“Children.”
“Yeah, bee, I really think so. I think you’ll be incredible.” Jo laid one hand on her cheek and kissed her gently, then pulled back and smiled at her.
“Poor dear,” Mrs Hudson said sympathetically, bustling around making tea. “Is she sick?”
After a few long minutes, Sherlock took a deep, shuddering breath, clearly trying to calm herself down, and sagged against Jo. “Thank you,” she whispered.
Sherlock shifted to sit in a chair next to the bed rather than halfway in Jo’s lap, but didn’t let go of her hand. “Alright?” she asked.
“I love you,” Sherlock repeated, her voice breaking. “I love you, and I’m sorry I -- sorry I asked you --” she broke down, sobbing into Jo’s shoulder.
“Hey! Sherlock, wait up a second!”
"I suppose you're right..."
“Um. Yeah, it stopped a couple of days ago,” replied Jo, a bit awkwardly.
Sherlock seemed to consider it for a moment before she answered. “I can’t see why not. Lestrade likes children as a rule and I don’t think he’ll have more, so I think he’d enjoy being the doting uncle if we were to have a baby. He’s demonstrably the type of person who wants to help his friends in any way he can, and he happens to be sleeping with my brother which – while
When Sherlock got back to Jo’s room, she hadn’t moved at all. She was still curled up on her side, facing away from where Sherlock had been sitting. In fact, the only change to the scene was Jo’s bag and coat, which one of her colleagues must have brought from the staff room.
“What would you have wanted to name her?” Sherlock asked, deciding to try some of the dubious internet advice. It couldn’t hurt, could it?
“Yeah?” Sherlock didn’t sound entirely convinced. In fact she looked about ready to drop the idea entirely.
“And when, exactly, was the last time you ate?” Mrs Hudson asked.
Jo smiled halfheartedly, pushing herself upright. “Thank you, sweetheart.”
The taxi ride to the hospital passed in a blur of anxiety. The cabbie must have spoken to her, but she didn’t respond, wasn’t paying any attention. It wasn’t until she was handed a tissue with her change that she realised that she was crying. She touched one hand to her cheek, and it came away wet.
Sherlock nodded. She slid the completed paperwork across the counter to the nurse, then gulped the last of her tea. “Thank you for the tea and advice, but I really should get back to my wife now.”
Mrs Hudson nodded. “Would you like me to bring something up to her, dear? She really should be eating, she’ll need to keep up her strength.”
“They
And so Sherlock tried. She finished the renovations in 221C, making a lab out of the reach of toddlers and away from the now-sanitary kitchen; the fridge was filled with groceries rather than biological specimens. Sherlock tidied up around the flat, rented movies she knew Jo loved, bought a new coffee maker and programmed it to be ready for Jo’s early shifts. Jo never commented on
“I understand,” Sherlock assured her, kissing her cheek. “It
[15:12] Ha, good luck. See you then. -JWH
I hope this chapter is a little more uplifting than the last one! It came out a little sadder and heavier than I'd expected, but I'm pleased with it.
“They're not foul, they’re perfectly fresh,” Sherlock protested. “Mrs Hudson brought them up yesterday.”
"Mmhmmm...."
“It’s just odd is all. Is this the first time you've noticed it?”
“You’ve been doing research!” Jo said, laughing. “I mean, I knew you’d done some, but I hadn’t realised you did that much. Yes, smartarse, that’s probably what it is. Hand me a test, would you? I need to pee.”
“Well, whatever it was will have to wait. The British government can run itself for just one night. This is more important.” Jo insisted teasingly, giving Sherlock a kiss on the cheek.  “Are you lot ready to eat?” she called over to where Mycroft and Greg were standing. Mycroft looked mutinous, and Greg was grinning smugly at him.
Jo laughed and leaned down to kiss her, sliding one hand behind her head to tilt her face up. Sherlock made a soft, pleased sound, clinging to the front of  Jo’s jumper. They kissed for a few long minutes, soft and slow and sweet. Sherlock's arms twined around Jo's shoulders, pulling her closer, and Jo's free hand stroked soothingly up and down Sherlock's side. Eventually, Sherlock broke the kiss and tucked her face into Jo's shoulder.
“Yes. The risk of miscarriage decreases around seven weeks, when the heartbeat becomes audible, and then again at twelve weeks, at the end of the first trimester. I
Sherlock stood up and whirled around, her face red and twisted in anger, her shoulders tight and her hands clenched into fists at her sides. “And what’s it to you if I am?” she demanded.
“Doctor Singh…?”
“You are due, it's been - Oh.” Sherlock suddenly looked disappointed again. “It’s been more than two weeks since…”
“I didn’t either, love. No more, alright? We can handle just about anything, but only if we do it together.”
“Mmph, no,” Sherlock grumbled, snuggling down further into Jo and the sofa.
“No, it’s not -- I didn’t want you to see. I -- it wasn’t me, I wasn’t actively
The answer came quickly enough: the sounds of yelling and breaking dishes rang through the flat.
“Oi!” Greg complained, “enough of that. Not that it’s any of your business, but yes, it did take a while.”
“Maybe. Either way, the kitchen stinks and I'd like to hold you a while. Want to eat in bed?”
Sherlock frowned, but crossed to the sink and pushed open the window above it. “Are you feeling alright? Everything smells fine to me.”
"Shh, Hamish, it's alright. I'm here," he soothed, going to sit on the edge of the bed and pulling Hamish into his lap. The boy sobbed ("Papa...") and wound his arms and legs around his father's torso, clinging to his shirt. "Shh, you're alright..."
“I do hate Tchaikovsky, though,” Sherlock said, apropos of nothing, as they got out of the cab in front of 221 Baker Street. The cold air outside seemed to have woken her up a bit, which was good -- it meant that Jo would be more likely to be able to get her to eat a bit more.
After a little while, Sherlock's sleepy voice broke the silence. “J'n'veux pas danser la
The previous night, after a much-needed shower, Jo had padded downstairs in thick wool socks and a jumper pulled over her pyjamas. She’d felt a bit like she was back at uni, sneaking around the dorm after curfew.
“I think I’m coming down with something,” Jo agreed, steadfastly refusing to
“I must have, but now I’m groggy from
. Thank you, Jo.”
Sherlock had been complaining nearly incessantly for the past thirty minutes, and since Jo had already seen this particular episode several times, she'd been more interested in watching Sherlock's mouth than watching the Doctor save the world.
“Hmm?”
- and Sherlock’s head was spinning, imagining worst case scenarios. What had happened? Was she sick? Injured?
"Sherlock?"
Sherlock met her eyes, grinning, then kissed her again, effectively silencing Jo’s argument.
Jo hadn't wanted to tell her. She knew that Sherlock had had high hopes that the first insemination would take. Sherlock hadn't said anything - probably because
“Thanks, Mrs H,” Jo said gratefully. “I know you’re right, I just… god, I feel like I’ve failed her, you know? I can’t imagine going through this over and over again. How did you bear it?”
"I thought so. So you've danced more than forty-two hours this week, haven't you?"
“I think I know better by now, Holmes,” Donovan said, briskly professional but not unfriendly. She lead them through the house, which was crawling with police officers and CSIs, to a small bathroom. “But I think you’ll want these.”
“Of course I would help you, sweetheart. I’ll always take care of you, yeah?” she picked up Sherlock’s hand and pressed a kiss to her palm, smiling at her. “I’ll take care of both of you.”
“A contract?” Jo asked, surprised out of her nervousness. “I think you’re getting a bit ahead of yourself, there, bee. He hasn’t even said yes yet.”
“I'm not due until tomorrow. I suppose you're right.” Sherlock still sounded more than a little heartbroken, and Jo pulled her close, offering comfort.
"No, you're not." Jo sat next to Sherlock's hip on the sofa and tucked a stray curl behind her ear. "You're overworking yourself, sweetheart."
Sherlock and Donovan caught up to her moments later. Donovan hung back, giving them the illusion of privacy but obviously worried. Sherlock crouched next to Jo, avoiding the small puddle of sick. She put one warm hand on Jo’s back, offering tissues and a bottle of water to rinse her mouth out with.
“Of course I am. Why wouldn’t I be? I wouldn’t suggest it if I wasn’t.” Sherlock was slightly put out that Jo thought she would suggest something so important if she wasn’t entirely sure she wanted it.
Jo grimaced. "Mostly. We lost a couple, but we saved more than we lost, I think. There was an explosion - gas leak, someone said. I saw a couple of overdoses while I was there, too."
“That's impossible. Your sense of smell isn't that well-developed - I would know if it was, by now. So how did you know it would have burnt?”
Sherlock looked like she wanted to protest, but before she got the chance they were upstairs and Mrs. Hudson -- who, it seemed, had let herself into the flat again -- was fluttering out from the kitchen and fussing at them.
“You do? Really?” Sherlock looked hesitant, despite it having been her idea in the first place.
Sherlock, however, beat her to it. “I can’t believe you just said that! You disgusting, homophobic idiot, that doesn’t even make sense. I wouldn’t sleep with you to save my life – even if I
I'm marking this work complete for now, but I may end up writing a little bit more for it. For now, though, it's complete because I want to continue on to other drafts I have going for this series :)
"Thank you." Jo kissed her cheek as she set a bowl of soup in front of her, then sat down and tucked into her own portion.
“I merely wanted to ensure that Gregory was aware of my intentions,” Mycroft put in archly. “There was nothing political about it.”
A few minutes later -- after Sherlock had hobbled to the bathroom on sore feet and achy legs, leaning heavily on Jo -- the girls were surrounded by thick steam, pressed close together in the not-quite-big enough stall, talking quietly while Jo washed Sherlock's hair. Sherlock had her eyes closed and her head tilted forward towards Jo, trusting and pliant.
Sherlock frowned. “I just want to make sure you’re alright.”
“This isn’t. Um.” Jo paused and looked down at her lap. “This isn’t the first time I’ve been pregnant.”
"Well, it is a very personal subject," Greg allowed. "I can't picture Sherlock pregnant, though. Or as a mum, for that matter."
"What if I don't get in?"
“No, I save that for the noxious ones,” Jo quipped back.
“But it’s Thursday,” Sherlock complained. “Why do they have to interrupt our date night?”
“Oh, love. I didn’t know you and Sherlock had been trying for so long! I’m sorry. It doesn’t get any easier, does it?”
Scoffing again, Mycroft shook is head. “I’ve never imagined myself as a parent – and I’ve never allowed myself to become close enough with anyone for it to be more than a remote possibility.”
"There you are, Sherlock! Where'd you run off to, then?" Molly asked when Sherlock caught up to her backstage.
“Quite.”
The immediate aftermath isn't easy on either of them
and the medal hanging around her neck was the silvery-white colour of imitation platinum, so somehow she must have pulled it off.
“Thank you,” Sherlock murmured. She sipped delicately at the water before setting it aside and leaning into Jo. “I’m sorry I -” she paused. “I’m sorry for, well, this. I should have been taking care of you, not the other way around.”
Mrs Hudson to the rescue!
"Mm, Jo. He had a nightmare. He was asking for you, but..."
foul.”
"I want to be
Sherlock crossed her arms petulantly but didn’t answer. “You got lucky the first time,” she pouted, “but how did you
Jo’s fingers curl into Sherlock’s hair and tug gently, coaxing her head up.“Come on, bee, wake up. She wants to meet you.”
"I want a proper kiss, first."
"Almost immediately, once he calmed down. Is everything settled at the hospital?"
No answer. Lightning flashed and a small, distressed sound came from the other side of the bed. Fallen out of bed, then.
. She dressed and packed an overnight bag in a daze, dozens of scenarios flashing through her head, each worse than the last. Working in A&E could have any number of risks - violent patients, dropped equipment,
Sherlock broke the kiss -- a terrible habit of hers, in Jo's opinion -- resting their foreheads together and skimming her hands down Jo's waist to rest on her bare hips. "Go put pyjama's on, and then come to bed, please?"
“Look at this,” Sherlock insisted, holding open the wound with a probe.
"Sherlock? Can you answer me? Tell me what's going on, please."
. The not-knowing was making her anxious.
“Leave it alone, Sherlock. Go back to sleep.”
It was Sherlock’s turn to shiver, then. “That’s appalling. Your subconscious is ridiculous. Of course you loved our baby. How could you not? But all the love in the world can’t save a non-viable pregnancy. I’m sorry I didn’t wake you up.”
Jo grinned at her, then frowned, chewing her lip again. “Sherlock… are you sure?”
Sherlock took her hand and squeezed, attempting to telegraph
“Might have been,” Sherlock agreed. “Migraine, maybe?”
“Mmm. Yes.”
"Ah... yes, technically."
“You want to go home and, ah,
After a moment, Jo broke the silence. “Can I ask what happened to cause the broken dishes?”
[14:25] Apparently you were wearing Mycroft’s tie at a crime scene. Not exactly subtle enough to keep Herself from noticing. -JWH
Both Greg and Jo tried (and failed) not to laugh, glaring at her half-heartedly. “No,” Jo replied sternly. “And no, it doesn’t matter that you have the antidote handy.”
Merci infiniment à Emily for her help with editing <3
"Yes." A pause. "If you don't mind, that is."
Sherlock didn't answer, just blinked owlishly at her, looking more than a little dazed.
,” Sherlock protested, “just tell me what’s going on.”
"Dull."
“Sherlock, please.” Mycroft’s staff called her
“You’re obviously not okay, you’re in a hospital bed!” Sherlock protested through her tears.
"Mmm. Remind me tomorrow and I'll change them before I go to the studio."
“Sherlock, wake up so I can get you home.”
“She’s right, you know,” Jo spoke up, impulsively. “None of that applies to lesbians – or at least, not to me.” A lecture hall full of homophobic freshman was a less-than-ideal place to come out, but she couldn’t help wanting to take some of the attention off of Sherlock.
“Sherlock, then. I’m sorry, but Johanna's been admitted. Doctor Singh is going to check on her soon, but she asked me to call you first.”
to leave her wet towels on the floor? -- but picked them up and hung them over the towel rack.
"They just want everyone backstage, Sherlock, don't be difficult."
I wanted to ask him. I – I wanted out baby to be connected to both of us, biologically. I wanted her to be
“Go to sleep, sweetheart,” Jo told her, cutting off Sherlock’s increasingly sleepy mumbling. “It’s still early, you can do homework all afternoon if you want. Just rest for now.”
“Shut up, Jo.”
Sherlock looked down at the table, fiddling with her wedding ring. When she didn't answer or look up, Jo reached out and stilled her hands, holding them gently between her own. “You can tell me,” she said, “I won't laugh at you.”
“Oh, you suppose, do you?” Jo's smile turned predatory, her hands sliding from where they had been resting on Sherlock’s hips to the curve of her arse.
Mycroft laughed. Greg thought it sounded more bitter than he’d probably meant it to and snuggled closer, pulling Mycroft securely into his chest. “Honestly, Gregory, can you imagine me with children?”
John grimaced. "Mostly. We lost a couple, but we saved more than we lost, I think. There was an explosion - gas leak, someone said. I saw a couple of overdoses while I was there."
“Of course not. Everyone grieves in their own way. You just worry about yourself for now, dear. I’m sure she’ll understand. I made sure she had a good meal today, and I can look in on you both tomorrow as well. She’ll be alright until you get your feet back under you.”
a lesbian!” Sherlock’s eyes were bright with furious tears by the time she finished shouting and sat back down.
Sherlock, of course, looks breathtaking in the photo: still soft around the edges from sleep, and wrapped only in a sheet. Breathtaking - and sad. John immediately feels bad for not having woken him properly before he leaving to catch his train, but he'd slept in himself and had been running short on time.
that? I didn't smell anything.”
[09:18]
"I was not," Sherlock protested, unconsciously grinning back. That grin was Jo's favourite of her smiles: honest and not-quite-shy, it was genuine, unlike the false smiles she used when she was shamming to get her way with witnesses and Detective Inspectors, and it made her look impossibly young.
“Probably exactly what Mrs H said.”
“No, it’s not, it’s not alright! Jo - Jo is - the baby, and I -”
[09:20]
“Any more thought to what, love?” ask Jo, who by this point was more than used to coming into a conversation halfway though.
Sherlock woke on the couch with a start, sitting upright before he was fully awake. For a moment, he wasn't sure what had woken him, until he heard a small, distressed cry from the upstairs bedroom.
The next few minutes were quiet as Jo gently stretched and manipulated Sherlock's feet, the only sound the little noises of pain and pleasure Sherlock made as Jo massaged overworked muscles.
"Will come and kiss you goodnight as soon as he gets home. Sleep now." Sherlock gently carded his hand through Hamish's hair and dropped another kiss on his forehead. Shifting so that they were laying down, he cradled the small boy with his body. Hamish hummed sleepily and snuggled into his father's chest. He was asleep almost instantly.
Mycroft, having already scanned the first few pages of the contract, interrupted. “I will, of course, be happy to assist the two of you in any way possible. I don’t believe you will require legal assistance as you are not planning to adopt, but it, as well as financial assistance and referrals to top medical practitioners, are at your disposal.”
Sherlock looked up at her, blushing. "You really think so?"
Thank you so much.”
“Yes, well. Anyway, have you thought about it?” Sherlock persisted.
Two cups of tea and a stack of buttered toast later, Jo headed upstairs to a suspiciously quiet flat. Poking her head cautiously around the door, she was met with a sight even more unsettling than the silence: Sherlock was curled up on the couch in her pyjamas and dressing gown, shoulders shaking with quiet sobs.
