“yes. You pick the location, anywhere but my place. Ill file with the police before our meeting. SH”
John went to step closer but Sherlock stepped back, " Sherlock he didn't mean to, he didn't know? Why is this upsetting you so much?"
"Thought about it a lot, even younger than that. No one liked me in school, not many people like me now, not much has changed. While in school people would call me freak, weirdo, tell me I was odd and didn't belong with them. I didn't care at first but eventually I did. I never actually did it but I thought about it. At 18 I was sexually assaulted and the week after is when I started."
Victor and Lestrade landed in Paris around noon and decided to get a bite to eat on their way to the hotel. They sat in a booth by the window, holding hands and planning their trip. Soon after Greg excused himself to the bathroom victor caught sight of a familiar blondish silver head of hair. He froze in shock and his blood boiled in anger as he watched John walking around aimlessly. He knew Sherlock wasn’t with him and he could tell by looking at the ex-soldier he didn’t know where Sherlock was, but Victor knew the sly detective had cracked his code and was under the ground beneath them. He quickly got out his phone and texted an old buddy from university that now resided in Paris. He wasn’t as sick and evil as Victor, but he lacked a moral compass and there were very few things he wouldn’t do for either drugs or cash. To make things better, he had also known Sherlock when he and Victor were dating and had a vendetta against the detective ever since he humiliated him in one of their shared classes.
I don’t know how much you know about me or how I know Sherlock or even the circumstances surrounding the situation, but I used to know him very well. I’m glad you found each other.” She smiled at John and he stepped closer to her bed. “may I?” he asked before Emily nodded in approval for him to sit on the end of the bed. “thank you, it means a lot to hear you say that. Sherlock talks about you very fondly. I know about your brother and Sherlock and the… abuse. I’m glad you’re okay, by the way. Sherlock and I haven’t gotten to talk much about the case yet, was it Victor who took you?” John asked as he observed the different machines monitoring Emily’s vitals. Emily nodded, a sad expression taking over her face- John noticed and quickly changed the topic. “it’s a bit strange being in a hospital and not the one tending to patients.” He said attempting to hold conversation until Sherlock returned. Emily looked up quickly, “are you a doctor?”
“Sherlock…that’s very…kind but I couldn’t imagine the toll being raped over and over again would have on someone.”
John biked home a little faster than usual when he left the clinic, eager to check in on Sherlock. He rushed upstairs only to be disappointed that the detective was nowhere to be found. He called out several times before Ms. Hudson called to him from the stairs. John took them two at a time, " is he alright? Why is he in your flat?"
The night after the end of the trial Sherlock slept like the dead. Crashing into comatose at an early 7 PM and didn’t wake until nearly 1pm the next day. John was sat in their small living room with Sherlock’s parents when he heard the heavy weight of Sherlock’s footsteps padding down the stairs from his room. The detective was visibly still groggy, clad in John’s sweatpants that hung far too loosely on his hips and warm burgundy dressing gown tied securely around him. Mrs. Holmes was quick to be out of her seat and wrapping her son in a hug, pressing a kiss to his cheek that left a faint trail of pink lipstick behind. John stood respectfully behind her and smiled when he caught Sherlock’s eyes, almost as if saying, “my turn?”
Sherlock spent the rest of the evening in a trance. John finally had to move him off of his lap to make dinner and continue with the rest of his plans. Sherlock continued to sit silently in the same position he had left him in.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
They exchanged I love you’s and another kiss before returning to the courtroom. There were still a few minutes before the session resumed when John remembered the granola bars in Sherlock’s briefcase. He dug one out and passed it to his partner. Sherlock took it and began unwrapping it when he saw Victor watching him with a sly smile. He handed the bar back over to John and directed his eyes to the floor. He couldn’t eat in front of Victor.
“we wanted to stop by before we head back home.” His mother began, “ and in all the business of the past few days we forgot to invite you and John down for Christmas. You will come wont you?”
Sherlock reluctantly took his hand and sat back down on the sofa. John started kissing sherlocks neck, " no, I don't feel like kissing John. Not right now."
Sherlock washed his own body except his left arm and got out of the tub before quickly wrapping a towel around him.
“ I wish.” Sherlock’s quirky reply caught John off guard and the two began giggling, which was perhaps a bit not good when attending a trail such as this. “ its my trial, ill laugh if I want.” Sherlock had read his thoughts send the pair into another fit of laughter that ended abruptly when the judge smacked her gavel on the podium.
“I do, my therapist who also treated Emily.” He spoke and Emily turned to him, eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
“Sherlock are you- can I come in?” there was no reply just the click of the door being unlocked. John enter quickly, expecting something that resembled what he saw that night, but there was nothing of the sort. Sherlock looked up at him with eyes that pleaded for an explanation, but the man appeared fine, there was no blood, no drugs or even the smell of a cigarette. “sorry, I called out but- I was worried.”
"I know John" he said breathily. Another sequence of cursing and a final "ah shoot it up me" before the sound of the bed moving quieted and John couldn't help but burst into giggles along with his lover. " I think he is much more than alright, John." This set off another round of laughter.
“me either. Harder, please.” Sherlock whimpered and who was John not to comply with the man in his lap. He thrust upwards to meet Sherlock’s bounces and soon the detective had his arms wrapped around John’s neck for support. “ come inside me.” Sherlock whispered in his ear, sending him over the edge. He had come inside of Sherlock before, but hearing that deep baritone voice ask for it did something for him. His hands gripped firmly on Sherlock’s bubble-like cheeks as he emptied himself inside his lover. As the last few drops were pushed into Sherlock, John felt hot ropes hit his own bare torso.
Hello darlings! I hope you all are enjoying this story! I love writing it, please comment and let me know what you think about it! Comments are like crack to me!
“No, John. Give your self some credit; work it out, tell me why I’m brilliant. Where is Emily Trevor. If you were going to kidnap someone, take them to France-specifically Paris- and leave them there to die, where would you take them,” Sherlock was looking intently at John with high expectations.
“Flirt with him?” Lestrade’s voice raised an octave “No, and besides going undercover is not my division.”
Emily’s eyes darted in the direction of where John stood and a smile crept across her face, “Sherlock…are you going to introduce us?” she asked teasingly. “oh right” Sherlock spoke in a mildly surprised tone, “um John this is Emily” he said as he extended his hand asking John to walk closer “ Emily, this is John- my boyfriend.” John couldn’t hide the smile that formed when he heard Sherlock introduce him like that for the first time. Emily held out her hand and shook John’s politely, “ Sherlock talked about you quite a bit during our little journey.” Emily said fondly. “ oh, only good things I hope.” John replied and Emily nodded. “Sherlock, would you mind going down to the cafeteria and grabbing me a sandwich and maybe something to drink? Im still pretty hungry.” Emily asked as she set her empty pudding aside.
“where else?” Sherlock said as his voice fluctuated to a higher tone. “Where do the best criminals hide things? In plain sight. He has put her under the city with thousands of other bodies and bones. It could be years before she is found and no one would ever bat an eye at another set of bones even if they are out of place.”
Emily cleared her throat and looked at the floor, “ I’ve decided to add additional charges to my case against my brother…for his abuse towards me.” John’s brows raised as this was the first time, he had heard of it, but Sherlock was unphased. “ my lawyer, the one Mycroft graciously set me up with, thinks the judge will disregard the abuse charges unless there is evidence…or another victim steps forward.”
Sherlock swallowed and blinked a few times before dropping his gaze to the floor, “I need to file a case against someone.” He finally breathed out.
“and I couldn’t imagine not even being ten years old and suffering the same physical blows I endured. It’s all relative.” He spoke with conviction and mild anger, the topic obviously a sensitive one.
John and Sherlock both felt relieved after confessing their encounters with Victor to one another. Sherlock was content and at ease to be sat in John’s lap and John was more than happy to have him there. They rested for several minutes in peaceful bliss, only the sound was that of the dryer humming down the hall.
While John placed his stuff back into his room Sherlock called and made reservations at Angelo's and hung up before John came back down.
"Alright, good night, sweetheart. I love you.im glad to have you back home." He pushed up to his tip toes and kissed him gently.
John couldn't help but smirk at the irritated look Sherlock had while she continued to flutter around him like a fly.
“John” he said placing a comforting hand on the good doctor’s shoulder “shit… I know you must be worried out of your mind right now, but we need to think of something fast alright.”
Sherlock was elated. He moved quickly around the flat sputtering off nonspecific details about why he was right, and that today was turning into a very good day. John watched fondly as Sherlock was gathering papers and muttering to no one in particular.
As soon as the two left the lab Victor got up from the stool. Sherlock was on high alert, every nerve in his body was more hyperaware than ever before and he was struggling to keep his breathing at a normal rate. Victor lazily dragged his hand across Sherlock’s shoulders, “So, Sherlock.” He said emphasizing the last syllable, “it’s been a long time.” Sherlock visibly shivered and directed his attention away from the microscope and willed himself to look directly at Victor’s face. “how have you been?” Victor asked teasingly “Seems to me you’ve been doing rather well. Definitely haven’t been going hungry…” he seethed, and Sherlock’s skin crawled with chills as his stomach churned, desperate to throw up then and there, Sherlock still didn’t reply. Victor brought his hand near Sherlock’s face and it happened, Sherlock couldn’t help but flinch and jerk away. Victor laughed softly and brought his hand back up and caressed one of Sherlock’s dark curls, “it’s been so long since I felt these between my fingers…I’d love to see if you still scream like you used to when I pulled them.” Victor seethed as he moved his face closer to Sherlock’s who pulled his head away and moved off the lab stool so quickly he almost fell. Victor continued smiling and Sherlock took a step back for every step Victor took towards him until Sherlock had stupidly backed himself into a wall. Sherlock cleared his throat, “get away from me.” He said calmly as he straightened his posture. “all these years and you still act like the same wounded puppy you did back then. I’m so disappointed in you, Sherlock.” Victor said inches from the detective’s face. He was almost as tall as Sherlock but not quite, he tilted upwards on his toes and licked the side of Sherlock’s neck who was trembling in paralyzed fear. Victor scoffed, “I’m finished here now, I look forward to seeing much more of you as this case continues. I have a feeling it will for quite some time.” He smiled over his shoulder as he walked out of the lab. Once he was gone Sherlock let himself sink into the corner, he brought his knees to his chest and deep heaving breaths took over his body.
The form took a little over two hours to complete. Sherlock was drained by the end of it. Despite his outburst and Bradshaw being angry at him, it was obvious the man was still taking pity on him as Sherlock answered his questions and elaborated on the details of what formed this case. Details he knew would be spoken in front of a jury…and John. It was against the advice of sergeant Bradshaw and later Sherlock’s lawyer to meet with Emily to discuss their files. Their cases were a unique situation. They were both separate cases, both different charges against the same person but yet they were too interconnected with one other to warrant different court sessions entirely. Sherlock would obviously be required to vouch for Emily against her brother, but Emily was also had a valuable role in his own trial against Victor. There were now two plaintiffs against one defendant.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
"Thank you John, that was swee-" Amy started but John gave the cup to Sherlock before kissing his forehead.
He spoke these statements aloud to the jury in a much more elegant and composed manner than what flowed through his head. He took a breath and looked subtly back at John. John was what filled that void now- and he was better than Victor or drug ever was.
"Shut up and tell us where Greg is." John cut in, obviously getting frustrated with Sally's insults.
Lestrade sat back in the chair, “so, what did you need to tell me that was so secretive and urgent?”
John sat at the edge of the tub and bent to kiss Sherlock, trying not to let his eyes wonder. They had brought a plastic cup to wet and rinse Sherlock hair with.
John jolted at the sudden and unexpected touch, “Jesus, Sherlock you scared me.” he said before tilting his head giving his flatmate more access to his neck. “ ‘m sorry” Sherlock mumbled between kisses. John turned around and kissed him deeply before noticing that his hard cock was now pressed between their bodies. “I’m sorry, Sherlock, I came in here to deal with this so that when you woke up you wouldn’t fee…” John rambled and Sherlock cut him off with a quick kiss. “it’s fine, I know. But… I’m fine and came in here to help you out with it” Sherlock said teasingly as he dropped to his knees, causing John to let out a near pornographic groan. Sherlock took the tip of John’s cock into his mouth, running his tongue over the slit and licking the glands. John ran his fingers through Sherlocks quickly dampening curls and felt the detective smile around his length. Whether or not Sherlock would admit it he loved when John played with his hair and the fact that he did it even during moments like this was an encouragement in itself to help Sherlock learn to enjoy physical intimacy again. Sherlock continued to take more and more of John into his mouth, expertly using his tongue and suction, causing John to make the most beautiful sounds. Sherlock was slowly running his hands up and down Johns’ thighs when he felt the older man begin to tense up, “Sherlock, I’m gonna cum soon.” Sherlock paid very little attention and continued bobbing his head on Johns’ cock. “Sh-Sherlock, if you don’t want me to cum in your mouth you need to stop… like now,” John warned but Sherlock just kept going. John tried to back away incase Sherlock just hadn’t heard him over the spray of the shower, but Sherlock kept a firm grip on Johns’ hips before placing his hands on John’s ass and pulling him towards him causing John to bottom out in Sherlocks mouth and throat. John couldn’t hold back any longer, “Oh my god, fuck, Sherlock yes, mmm” his body shook as he rode out his orgasm, shooting thick hot ropes of cum down Sherlocks throat. When he finished Sherlock released his hold on him and let him step away. John was panting and had propped himself up against the wall of the shower. He looked down at Sherlock still on his knees in front of him and John smiled lovingly at him, “that was incredible…” John said in what appeared to be disbelief that the event had just occurred. Sherlock smirked and moved forward just a little bit to make sure John was looking at him, he stuck his tongue out and revealed some of Johns cum, making sure John saw it before swallowing it and licking his lips. “Oh my god.” John moaned a new pit of arousal forming within him. He leaned down and helped Sherlock up before quickly pulling him in to a deep, passion filled kiss. “that was obscene” he growled as he bit Sherlocks bottom lip. The taller man couldn’t help but smile by how aroused John was and that all of it was because of him. John shut off the shower water and stepped out of the tub, picking Sherlock up bridal style causing him to let out a small squeak, before carrying him to his bedroom and throwing him on the bed. Sherlock laughed a little, and John crawled on top of him, both men still completely nude and soaking wet. John kissed Sherlock and mumbled something incoherent into his skin as he began to kiss down his lovers long slender body. John took extra time to circle Sherlocks nipples with his tongue and suck on them lightly. John had kissed and licked all the way down to Sherlocks V line before the detective started to tense up. “John…” Sherlock said quietly with the faint sound of warning in his voice. But John didn’t hear him and kept creeping lower and lower towards Sherlocks still flaccid cock. “John, please no.” Sherlock said a little louder as he slowly brought one of his knees up preventing John from being able to be close to him.
John looked at Sherlock briefly before starting to stand from his chair. Sherlock held a hand to John’s chest and said calmly, “he can stay; whatever it is.” John let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding and relaxed into his seat again, this time wrapping one of his arms around his lovers’ hip.
When Victor caught sight of Greg he broke into the widest smile, tears threatened to prick his eyes, so happy that his newfound love had arrived to help him out of this situation. “Greg, I’m so glad you’re here. What’s going on? What took you so long?!” Victor rambled.
John practically snarled in victor direction as the guard caught on to what was happening and moved him away. “John let it go.” Sherlock said with a soft hand placed to John’s wounded shoulder. The shorter man moved to put a firm hand on the back of the detective’s neck and pulled him down into a hard kiss. It was short lived but when John snuck his tongue between Sherlock’s lips the detective couldn’t help but gasp in surprise. The kiss was over as quickly as it had begun, and John was leading his boyfriend out of the courthouse. Sherlock smirked and leaned down, whispering “someone’s possessive today.”
He walked to his bedroom and began taking off his clothes from the day. As he unbuttoned his dark turquoise shirt, he noticed how his once very prominent ribs seemed to show less, that his abs had some definition to them-no longer deprived of protein. He stood and scrutinized the little bit of weight he had put on since his relationship with John began. I guess everyone is right, when you are in a relationship you get fat. Victor certainly seemed to notice. Sherlock sighed and removed his work pants, replacing them with grey sweats, leaving him top half still bare as he continues to stare into the mirror.
As Sherlock sat in the cab on the way home he reflected on the how he remembered Emily Trevor and specifically one memory that has stayed with him all this time. Emily is significantly younger than Sherlock and victor, when Sherlock was 18 she was barely 8 years old. There were many nights Sherlock slept at victor’s house, but one particular evening victor came back from class and he and Sherlock got into an argument over something insignificant but as per usual victor blew up about it. During the scuffle of it all he had managed to get the box cutter blade Sherlock had been cutting with “you want to cut yourself up? Draw attention to yourself and try to make people feel bad for you? Are you that pathetic and desperate for attention that you still do this, aren’t you a little old for this now? It would be a lot easier for people to pity you if you didn’t hide what you do under those shirts. Well, let’s see how many people care when you’ve got cuts on full display, probably the same number of people who care when you hide them. None.” Victor took the blade and slid it across sherlocks cheekbone, and he felt the blood beginning to cascade down his face. He reached to wipe at the blood, but victor pinned his hands down and pressed the blade to his throat. “Do you want to die Sherlock?” he held the blade firm and Sherlock choked out a “no” victor dragged the blade along his throat and laughed, he had the dull side pressed and no physical damage was done. Victor got up and left, leaving Sherlock shaking in both fear and relief on the floor. Evening was setting in and the house was barely lit, Sherlock made his way to the kitchen and opened the freezer to get ice to apply to his face. He took a painkiller and sat on the couch and finally let himself cry. A Few tears had escaped his eyes when a small voice asked him “Sherlock, are you okay?” it was Emily- small, innocent, little Emily. Despite sherlocks normally rude demeanor he was actually very gentle with kids, but he’d never let anyone know that. “yes, I’m alright. Do you need anything?” he asked the little girl who climbed onto the couch next to him and looked deeply at him. “no, I’m good. You seem sad.” Her eyes expressed so much concern that it nearly caused Sherlock to let another tear fall. “I’m not sad, I’m-“he had taken the ice pack off his cut and bruise “ you’re bleeding” Emily said grabbing the cloth from sherlocks hand and pressing it to his wound. “you know, I want to be a doctor when I grow up.” Sherlock shook his head “I didn’t know that, I’m sure you’ll be a very good one, doctor Emily.” The little girl laughed and removed the cloth and smiled seeing that the bleeding had stopped, “there, no more blood. Now we have to watch a movie.” She said excitedly. Sherlock looked down at her, “why is that?” Emily thought for a minute “well, because sometimes people who are hurt on the outside are also hurting on the inside and doctors are supposed to help them feel better with that too.” Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at how profound what she said really was, especially for a young child. She picked her favorite funny movie and sat down next to Sherlock, cuddling in close to his side. They sat there quietly and for the first time in a long time, Sherlock felt at peace.
John sighed, grabbed his coat, and went after him. He followed him with caution trying not to be seen. He followed the detective to a small park with a little pond and watched him sit down under a barren tree. It was the beginning of February and to say the least England was cold, and Sherlock didn't have his jacket. John watched as Sherlock sat there playing with his fingers. When Sherlock began to shiver John moved toward him and took off his jacket before wrapping it around his friend. Sherlock looked at him as John sat down.
For a moment Lestrade dropped his professionalism and his politically correct answers, “ I wasn’t. but what we had is over, for good.”
John heard something from upstairs and moved quickly to see what it was. He moved into Sherlocks room and saw him bent over the toilet with his tooth brush half down his throat.
Sherlock Holmes was a brilliant man in many ways, he sought out adventure and danger-this was no secret. But even he with his normally exuding confidence knew he was no explorer. Having to trust his safety and Emily’s return to members of his homeless network was more than concerning, he dreaded the feeling of not being in control and the uncertainty that followed it.
Sherlocks phone buzzed and there was a text from Lestrade asking him to come to the station to fill out some additional paperwork. Sherlock threw on his coat and scarf and made his way to New Scotland Yard. When he walked through the doors he was greeted by the familiar smell of coffee and printer ink. The first person to catch sight of him was none other than everyone’s *favorite* officer Sally Donovan. She greeted him by rolling her eyes “Oi, why did you run out on Emily Trevor’s case the other day? That’s a new level of rude even for you, freak. The boys sister has gone missing and you won’t even have the courtesy to give him a moment of your time to speculate where she may have gone off to?” she spat the words at him as if it was the most vile thing that had ever happened. “I’m not involved in that case anymore and regrettably I don’t know what happened to his sister. The great thing about being a consulting detective is that I don’t have to take any case I don’t want, and I DO NOT want that case-end of story.” Sherlock replied in a firm tone as he continued walking down the hall to Lestrade’s office.
"I hadn't seen it, we have watched the others. Why do you not like it? I can take it –“ sherlock rambled nervously, worried that john may be judging his choice of film.
Sherlock’s eyes shot to the side, sneaking a quick glance at her, “in what way?” although he knew exactly what she was referencing.
The tall man wanted desperately to say no, eager to become a recluse until he felt like not being one again- but the pleading look in his mother’s eyes softened his edges. Besides Christmas wasn’t for another two days, it would give him some time to ease the tensions that still linger inside him. “yes, mummy.” He sighed “ if John is available.” He added, looking to his blogger turned lover.
Sherlock held the door for John and was quickly thanked and escorted by the waitress to their usual table.
Words couldn't express how thankful he was that John didn't press him to eat breakfast. One thing he hated more than eating was eating out, he felt like everyone was staring and judging him.
Sherlock gritted his teeth and debated on what to tell John. The truth is he hadn't got hard once during their entire session. He decided against telling him in case he was to take it as Sherlock didn't find him sexually appealing.
Sherlock hummed in reply, “Well, if that’s all then I’d like to get back to trying to locate your sister.”
If Sherlock hadn't felt ashamed before he did now. He was angry at him self for not noticing John was coming down and angry for being caught. He reached and sat the tooth brush back on the sink and slumped down against the toilet. John placed what was supposed to be a comforting hand on Sherlock shoulder but the detective shook it off.
The man leaned up to whisper in his ear, " hey i just got a new supply of heroine, a few of my buddies have tested it out and said its bloody amazing. You interested?"
Inside the head of the world’s most brilliant detective was a broken man wrestling with emotions he suppressed at all costs. He played out a hundred different scenarios of how the trial may go, what the reactions of his friends and society may be, how this would ultimately change his life- but unfortunately the answers wouldn’t be known until the scene played out. His stance that there would be no justice for him or Emily from victor going to jail remained true, but he knew Emily had a point in that he could feel safer with victor locked up, maybe he could even take the stick out of his bedroom window. He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, bringing himself back to reality. John was sat on the sofa reading on his computer, he could smell the leftover aroma of pesto John made to go with supper, Ms. Hudson was settling in for the evening below them- Sherlock’s world had been on pause for hours, but everyone else’s continued.
The sentence hadn’t lingered in the air long before John was out of his seat, “No! don’t pull that. He has done plenty for you! He didn’t have to save you, he didn’t have to comfort you, visit you in the hospital, get you a private room and the best lawyer this world has to offer, he doesn’t owe you a damn thing.” John spat out the words in defense for his boyfriend. His throat felt like it swelled shut when he saw the young girl’s eyes fill with tears and she recoiled into Sherlock’s chair that now seemed to swallow her up. John knew what he said was harsh, and he knew how much of a dick he sounded like yelling at an abuse victim, and a recently kidnapped one at that, but none of what he said was false nor did he regret the words spoken.
Greg quickly called a cab and rushed to 221b. He took the seventeen stairs up two at a time and found the two men laying on the couch, Sherlock’s head in John’s lap. Sherlock sat up quickly and John cleared his throat. They all moved to their respective chairs out of habit. When Sherlock walked past Greg, his nose scrunched up in disgust, “god, you smell like him. I said flirt with him, I didn’t say you had to shag him.”
Sherlock arbitrarily thought for a moment, “there hasn’t. it was a fear I created for myself and put onto you. I just wanted you safe too, this was one of the most intimidating things I’ve ever done. Truthfully if that explosion hadn’t happened, I don’t think we would have found our way out… and that terrified me the most. Dying and you being left with no answers yet again. I’m sorry I projected my lack of faith in myself onto you.”
John’s eyebrows raised, “so he’s going to find out about you and Victor during the trial?” he said in an alarmed tone. Sherlock nodded and his breathing slowed, John knew these to be the signs of his lover drifting into sleep. He wouldn’t push the conversation any further, Sherlock needed all the rest he could get. He couldn’t help but envision Greg’s reaction when Sherlock takes the stand on behalf of himself. He felt terrible for what his friend may feel afterwards.
After dinner, while others were settling into bed John joined Mycroft in the sitting room. The eldest Holmes took one look a the former army doctor and saw a dark intention. “ can I help you, Dr.Watson?”
Back upstairs Sherlock let the tears flow freely. His chest heaved with every sob and he was soon consumed by the feeling of his forearms and thighs burning with the itch to cut them. He fought the thoughts for as long as he could until they won and he caved. He sulked to the bathroom and took the blade he had taped to the top of the cabinet that was under their sink. He sat down on the edge on the tub and exhaled as he drug the blade over the side of his thigh, watching in satisfaction as the drops of blood began to pool at the surface. His mouth turned into a little smile at the feeling he had forgotten he missed so much. He repeated the action three more times, leaving a total of four straight lines of lacerated skin. He relished in the euphoric feeling before the shame took over. He hadn’t done this since the night John had to take him to the hospital…John will be so disappointed. Sherlock accepted the feelings for what they were, and he ran a black washcloth under the warm tap of the tub and he cleaned the blood off his outer thigh until the bleeding came to a stop. He pulled on his loosest pair of pajama pants and grabbed John’s laptop from the living room before going back to his bedroom and propping himself against the headboard and booked their hotel for the next few nights.
As usual Victor showed up to NSY a little after noon and sat down in his spot in Lestrade’s office. The day progressed as usual, but Greg was nearly shaking with nervousness as it grew closer to closing time. Just as Victor began to pack his briefcase Lestrade stood from his desk and walked to stand in front of him. Victor smiles a debonair grin at him and Lestrade reached out to gently lay a hand on the side of the other man’s arm. “I know we’ve not known each other long, but I uh-was wondering if you would like to have dinner with me tonight.” Victor seemed confused at first but was soon blushing and nodding his head yes.
"Maybe I'm just having a good morning" John said leaning over to kiss Sherlock but lost his balance and fell half on the floor half on Sherlocks lap.
He stood from John’s chair and made his way to join his lover on the couch. John had his glasses on and Sherlock couldn’t help but smirk at how attractive he found his partner in them. John looked up over the rim and gave a small smile, “welcome back” he teased cautiously, setting his laptop on the coffee table to make room for Sherlock in his lap. Sherlock laid down, letting his head come to rest on John’s thighs. “ I saved you a plate, it’s in the fridge; I can heat it up for you if you’d like.” John offered as he ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock shook his head, much to the other man’s displeasure.
Everyone began to move once more around the large room. Sherlock stood and sought out Victor’s eyes, when they met he held it there and gave a smirk to the strawberry blonde. Eyes not leaving until the handcuffs had been secured around his wrists and he was being led away. He bent and gave a modest kiss to Johns lips as the shorter man pulled him close. “John, I’m hungry.”
“We are about to find out.” Sherlock said in an almost sing song tone that made John lift his eyebrow and smile. He walked over to Sherlock, abandoning his tea.
“no. I was always blind folded.” Sherlock hung his head in shame. More over not being able to identify the other men than from being sold like a cheap whore.
Billy furrowed his eyebrows, but it couldn’t be seen in the low lighting of the tunnels. Despite popular belief the catacombs are not entirely covered in skulls and bones, it’s largely just empty barren tunnels and rooms.
Hi friends! hope you are all doing well! This will be the last update to this story before I mark it as completed! Just wanted you all to know that the first two chapters of my new story "Suddenly All the Songs Were About you" are posted! I really hope you all enjoy it!
John chuckled quietly,  and teased “oh yeah?” and Sherlock nodded, looking up at John with his eyes-blue like an ocean, one John would gladly get lost in.
"Really Sherlock, I need to know. I really hate that I have to leave you day after you come home from the hospital."
“no, no- the part of the catacombs that is able to be accessed by the public is so minuscule in comparison to how many secret passageways and tunnels can be entered by waterways, manholes, holes in the grounds- the possibilities are endless. There are over 200 miles of tunnels and caverns.” Sherlock explained, pacing back and forth.
John murmured, “bullshit” under his breath and draped an arm over Sherlock, it was his turn to kiss his lovers neck. “why hasn’t Lestrade reached out? It has been days since the press released that issue, and its all they’ve been talking about since.”
John threw an arm over Sherlock and pulled him closer. " I should have known. I'm sorry. And you should have said something." He said as he pet Sherlock’s curls and let the detective melt into his touch. Sherlock sighed in contentment and carefully intertwined his leg with John’s.
“Lestrade called me down to NSY today…” Sherlock left off and john scanned his eyes for any emotion he could find “he initially wanted me to fill in paperwork on the case from the other day.”
John nodded and came up with a plan in his mind."Thank you Mycroft, I wish that never happened to him."
Sherlock’s mind flashed back to the night Victor caved his name into his side. Sherlock nearly had to go to the hospital when the blood seemed to just keep coming. After they had broken up he struggled to reach that spot, but when he did he covered it with new slashes, the razor blade tearing through the scar tissue and replacing it with fresh wounds that would hopefully cover the name of the man he was trying so hard to forget. He fought with himself whether to lie or not, taking his clothes off would be the least exposing thing he would do today. “yes.” He unbuttoned his blazer and removed it, passing it back to John who looked moments away from erupting in a fit of rage at the scene unfolding in front of him. Sherlock unbuttoned the black shirt and walked towards the judge, removing his shirt the rest of the way. There were gasps from the jury, some of them probably in reference to all the scars on his back from his time in Serbia, but most of them were in reference to the many deep raised scars that were obviously self-inflicted down Sherlock’s arms.
Oh hey...how y'all doin??? YOU GUYS ARE SO SWEET! I seriously can't thank you enough for being so kind to me and allowing me to have this time off. My mental state, while far from perfect, is in a much better place than it was a month ago. I wanted to surprise you all with this little smutty update that I think (and really hope) you will like! I will be replying soon to each of your individual comments as well <3 please feel free to share how you are doing (how is life or school?) or anything else you feel like sharing, i'd love to hear from you!
The room fell silent once more and Sherlock was already preparing how to exit the building and avoid the reporters. When Lestrade stood from his seat and asked permission to walk forward. “What kind of evidence would be needed?”
"I had no intention of waking him brother mine. I'm sure he needs the rest. He hadn't left once. You scared him sherlock"
" John, I can't promise you a perfect and easy or even a halfway normal relationship but I swear I will try my hardest to make it work. I've never been as happy as when I am with you. I wouldn't trade a moment with you for anything, not even the greatest murder if it meant I couldn't solve it with you."
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
Greg cleared his throat and looked to his friends, “ I spent a significant of time with Victor during the search for his sister, both as a budding friendship and an undercover investigation. I saw the plug Sherlock described in his testimony. I can confirm that Mr. Trevor is, without a doubt, a masochist and takes part in acts most humans wouldn’t care to indulge in.”
“I’m about to be in my last year of medical school.” Emily said proudly and Sherlock couldn’t stop the smile that spread across his face, “congratulations. I always knew you’d make a good doctor.”
John could only smile and pulled his now fiancé into a kiss. “ they are waiting on us, by the way, we should probably go tell them the happy news.”
John began to stir against Sherlock’s side and moved himself closer to the taller man, pulling Sherlock out of his thoughts. John gave Sherlock a small squeeze to let him know he was awake. “morning” Sherlock said, dropping a kiss to John’s hair and cuddling in closer to him. “what time is it?” John asked still not opening his eyes. “a few minutes after 7. I need to speak with Lestrade today about the case.” Sherlock replied and reached for his phone on the bedside table. As he began to sit up John’s arm tightened around him. “Don’t leave just yet, please,” John said as he finally opened his eyes and looked at his boyfriend. “I’m not,” Sherlock spoke softly as he rubbed John’s arm “I was just going to sit up.” John loosened his grip, allowing Sherlock to prop his back against the headboard, giving John the perfect opportunity to use Sherlock’s blanket covered lap as a resting place for his head. Sherlock smiled down at the action and let one of his hands come to rest in John’s hair as he texted Lestrade with the other.
"Hey, it's alright" John sank down to his knees beside Sherlock and brought him into his chest. "I'm not mad."
He spoke eloquently and walked away, knowing he needed to get back to 221b before his body turned him around. He needed to be home and he needed John, but John was at the office and he would not bother him. John deserves to have a break from him once in a while.
Sherlock put his phone back on the nightstand, “Lestrade will be by soon to talk about the case. Once we figure out where Emily is located, we need to act fast.” John nodded in agreement. “John, I need to get up. We both do, really,” Sherlock said, bending down to give the doctor a small peck on the lips. John groaned and rolled off of Sherlock’s lap, “fine, I’ll be down in a bit. I need to call a few of my patients and check up on them.”
Sherlock shook his head, “no, the first day we went to the lab and you went with Molly to the morgue…” he trailed off explaining what had happened and he watched John’s fist clench and unclench as he recounted the story. The detective smiled- bad timing for sure. “what are you smiling about?” John said coldly and his stare pierced Sherlock’s eyes. “I’m not scared that you’re going to hit me.” Sherlock said factually and watched as John’s eyes softened and his fist unclenched. “no, of course I’m not going to hit you.” he placed a hand on Sherlock’s long, slender thigh and held it there as the detective continued to talk.
Sherlock was close to physically squirming due to how uncomfortable this conversation felt. He knew exactly why he had to now take this case and the consequences of not doing may be worse than going along with it. He took a deep breath, “fine, but I want to hear everything from you and the other detectives, I don’t want to waste my time going to the scene or talking with friends and family of the victim. And I do not want my name associated with this case.”
They looked at each other and smiled as John cradled sherlocks head just below his chest. "Thank you, for giving her the hint."
“of him-Victor- he always reminded me if I told anyone about what he did, he would hurt my mum and dad. They traveled for work when I was young, they never knew until a few weeks ago.”
Sherlock put his fingers under John’s chin and tipped his head up, pulling him in to a slow kiss, “It’s all fine.”
Sherlock never did fall asleep; he spent the night with the man he loved pressed to his chest and snoring ever so softly. Normally sherlocks mind was too active during the night hours to just lay on the couch or in bed, but when john was next to him it was different. His mind felt at peace, far from empty, but he didn’t feel the constant need to move around making deductions or work on one of his many experiments. Since John had fallen asleep Sherlock had been reflecting on events of the past few days-the case with Victor Trevor’s sister, running Into his old dealer, his ever intensifying feelings about john….it all felt like so much but somehow he didn’t feel overwhelmed, he felt like John was to thank for that. Little to sherlocks knowledge he had been immersed in his thoughts for several hours and the time was quickly approaching for John to get up for work. Sherlock selfishly wished he didn’t have to go but knew john would be upset if he was late. Sherlock brought his hand up to johns’ shoulder and rubbed it gently “John…you should wake up now if you want to get to work on time.” The smaller man shuffled a bit but remained asleep. Sherlock moved out from behind him causing johns eyes to flutter open. Sherlock straddled him, leaning to his level and trailing kisses down his neck and his chest, still bare from the activities of last night. John wrapped his arms around the detective “but if I get up that means I don’t get to enjoy my sexy boyfriend kissing all over me.” He teased and earned a little smile from Sherlock who nestled his face into Johns’ neck “then just stay here today…” he mumbled. John smiled and let out a small chuckle even though he could hear the faint trace of a plea in Sherlocks voice. He kissed the top of sherlocks head, “I wish I could.” They rested in silence for a moment before John really did need to get up.
As the time grew closer to needing to leave the flat Sherlock’s stomach grew uneasy. John insisted he eat a few bites of something before they left, but knew this time it was nerves and not an eating disorder telling Sherlock not to eat. The doctor made sure to throw in a few snacks in Sherlock’s small briefcase. A crowd had begun to form near their door and Sherlock peered down at them through the sheer curtains. Many people just stood watching, a few held up signs that had various versions of, ‘ we support Sherlock’, and all of them wielded cameras ready to fire as soon as the detective stepped foot out of the flat. He saw their cab pull up and heard John’s phone ring confirming they were coming. They met Mrs. Hudson at the door of her flat and John positioned her between him and Sherlock to protect her from the crowd. It was a chaotic few seconds but they all safely made it into the back seat of the cab. Sherlock replayed what some of the bystanders had shouted, “ we believe you”, “ thank you for standing up for others.” “we are here for you.” The detective shook his head, “I don’t understand, John. Those people…they are all so supportive. I don’t even know them, they don’t know me.”
“can I have five minutes?” the dark-haired man mumbled sleepily, and John laughed quietly and agreed.
They moved upstairs and watched doctor who for a bit. John leaning in the corner of the sofa with Sherlocks head in his lap.
John had the cab drop him off a block away from 221b, giving him time to think and a moment to compose himself. He wouldn't admit it but he cried silently most of the taxi ride.
“No. I don’t scare easily-besides it’s really no different than the metro stations. It’s just deeper underground and not as developed.”
Emily fought with herself on whether to say what she wanted, but given their current situation there wasn’t much room for being delicate. “who do you think became your replacement after you left?” she couldn’t bring herself to look Sherlock in the eye, if he was even still looking at her. “ when you left he had no one to manipulate and abuse, all his friends left him- they refused to let him take his anger out on them. He needed someone who couldn’t or wouldn’t leave, and someone naive enough to not make a fuss out of it. I guess I was the next best thing to you. It started out him grabbing me a little too hard, jokingly hitting me with enough force to leave bruises…and it just grew and grew until I was lying to teachers, school nurses, my friends’ parents. I was lying to everyone, including myself. It was just easier to deny that he was abusive and make excuses for why I deserved it or that he didn’t mean to hit me that hard. He’s my brother and despite everything I love him and never wanted anything bad to happen to him. I’m sure you understand that, in a way.”
Most of their day consisted of them wandering around the city and making various plans with members of Sherlock’s Parisian homeless network, informing them of their plan and how to keep in contact to make sure Victor and Greg stayed out of the way once they arrived. Later they had an in-depth meeting with the most highly recommended and knowledgeable cataphile, Billy Wiggins. Billy found himself homeless at 14 and took refuge in the catacombs, he was familiar with some of the most lucrative parts of the tunnels and knew places to avoid. Obviously, he hadn’t come across or been in contact with Emily, but with Sherlock’s knowledge of the case they were able to start eliminating sections she probably wasn’t in.
John walked sluggishly back to sherlocks hospital room. When he approached the door he could hear Sherlock arguing with a nurse and decided he should make himself present.
“Sherlock Holmes, that shit doesn’t work on me. Eat the damn bar.” She said only half joking. Her phrasing reminded him of John. “so how is he in bed.” She asked suddenly and Sherlock nearly choked on the food.
John’s chest felt tight with concern as he laid down next to Sherlock who still had his eyes closed and was breathing rapidly. John placed a hand on his chest and pressed himself to the tall man’s side, “it’s okay” he said kissing his cheek “you’re safe. I’m here.” Sherlock rolled onto his side and into John’s chest, throwing a leg over the doctor, “I’m so sorry” he sobbed and tears threatened to prick John’s eyes. “no, love. You have nothing to be sorry about. Nothing. Understand me?” John said kindly and pulled back to look at Sherlock who didn’t respond. “you did incredible. Baby, just the fact you wanted to…that’s a huge deal. I’m not upset, I’m not mad. I’m the opposite really, I’m so proud of you sweetheart.” John briefly acknowledged his overuse of pet names, but knew Sherlock loved them and subconsciously hoped they would make him feel better. John continued to whisper words of reassurance to his hurting lover, but Sherlock never responded to them. Their erections and sexual energy had subsided a while ago and they lay there holding one another until Sherlock finally broke the silence.
“no.” Sherlock interrupted. “we can’t arrest them yet. We need them to think we are still as lost about all of this as we were two days ago.”
"Sweetheart, it's okay. We can deal with this, I'll be here for you through all of it. It's going to be okay."
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
The doctor let his hand lazily drift down Sherlock’s body. Past his ribs, dipping with his waist, up his hips, over his perfect arse, and finally brushing down his thigh. Just as he was going to repeat the pattern in the opposite direction, he felt something rough. He let his fingertips graze over a set of sandpaper like scabs. John closed his eyes and tried to repress the lump in his throat. He knew immediately what they were, not even Sherlock would mistake John so stupid as to try to lie and say he got those in the catacombs. As a doctor John knew they had been healing for a few days now, but he still couldn’t help asking himself when and why?
As he was about to respond a call came in over johns pager that his lunch had to end early. A little boy, 6 years old was having difficulty breathing. After a few listens to his lungs and hearing what was wrong John sent him over to the hospital. He had developed  pneumonia and needed treatment.
John watched his boyfriend in fascination, “200 miles of tunnels, Sherlock how are we going to find where he has put her? That seems impossible even for you- there is no set map of that place.”
He typed and sent the message with his location attached. When he came back to the table Victor flashed his award-winning smile at him and the DI’s heart fluttered. They had just finished the drinks they ordered when Lestrade ran his hand up Victor’s thigh, “why don’t you head back to our room and I’ll be there in an hour or so, I want to pick up a few things for later.” Victor frowned and leaned in closer, “why can’t I come with you?” he was practically whining, making it hard for Lestrade to deny him. “because, what I’m going to get is a surprise for you.” He had the other man’s full attention now. Greg leaned to whisper into Victor’s ear, “and you’ll only find out what it is when I get back.” He nipped at Victor’s ear lobe and then placed his hand behind his head, pulling him into a lust fueled kiss. Victor moaned and got up from the booth, “hurry back to me.” And with that, he left.
John leaned in even closer to Sherlock, “ can I finger you?” he whispered and Sherlock’s eyes opened, scanning over John. He nodded his head yes, “its-its been a really long time, John. I don’t even…to myself I mean.” Sherlock stumbled over his words. “it’s okay, I know what I’m doing, I’ll be gentile and will stop as soon as you ask.” John kissed him and Sherlock relaxed a bit more, “now, stop talking about fingering yourself or I’m going to finish too soon.” John said half-jokingly.
“It doesn’t matter, I’m not hungry. Your choice.” Sherlock was still focusing hard on the slide in front of him but Victor’s voice lingered in his mind ‘you haven’t been going hungry...’ it taunted him.
The question caught Sherlock off guard, “ I don’t see how my relationship to her is pertinent to this part of the discussion.” The detective replied assertively.
Thanks so much for reading! Please comment and let me know if you like the story and if you would like me to start writing one shots!
Night was falling over London, John was sat on the sofa watching some trashy reality show that had recently become his guilty pleasure as he kept an eye on the detective who seemed content to sit at his microscope. Before he knew it he had lapful of lanky detective, dark curls laying against his crème sweater. Sherlock’s face pressed into the softer area of his tummy, inhaling the scent that could only be John. The doctor ran his fingers through the curls and laughed when Sherlock preened into his touch like a cat. They stayed like that for what could have been hours or minutes, time wasn’t relevant for the next few days.
They arrived at the scene of the disappearance which was a partially secluded concrete area outside of Emily’s apartment building where she stood to let her dog wander in the grass. Sherlock did his usual sweep over the area and a little beyond in case something had been missed- and it usually had. He swabbed samples of dirt and debris left behind, picked up things like pebbles, and litter that could possibly give them any information, but unfortunately the scene was bare to the naked eye.
Sherlock adjusted his posture, his eyelids half closed from the stimulation he was putting on his prostate, “ I hope not.” He smirked as he took John back into his mouth. He continued riding his fingers until he felt the muscle loosen to a comfortable position. He stood up, ignoring the ache in his knees and began unbuttoning his white button-down. When he started to remove his black blazer John stopped him, “leave it on. You look so hot.” The detective straddled John’s hips, as the doctor helped support him as he moved into a comfortable position. He could feel John’s thick cock pressing along the crack of his arse. John trailed his hand from Sherlock’s collar bone down his chest to his simi-hard member and began stroking it at a steady pace. Sherlock lifted himself, reaching behind him to align John’s cock with his entrance and slowly began to sink down on it. He bent himself so that he was making quiet moans into the nape of John’s neck, occasionally nipping at the skin there. John’s hands held firmly to either side of Sherlock’s waist as he helped keep the movement going.
Victor didn’t respond. They sat there staring at one another for several minutes. “have you found anything out. Where she might be, who might have taken her?” Victor finally asked, breaking the silence.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
"Since when are you so concerned about my eating habits?! You never cared this much before!" Sherlock shot back icily.
"Alright, let's go to the sofa yeah?" John said, dropping a kiss to the mop of dark curls below him.
"Then there wasn't just one attacker. Someone had to shoot the mother and 3 children in that room and escape through the same room because the door was never opened. The impressions on the carpet are feint, probably because your team of idiots have already plowed through here and walked over them. But I would guess you are looking for a large built man, size 10 shoe size, probably around 210 pounds, that's who killed the wife a kids. However, a woman, size 8 feet, probably 146 pounds, shoulder length blonde hair killed the father. No doubt these two were working together, but what was their motive? Simple, John, look at the features of the parents and then of the children. What is wrong with that picture?"
“but you deserved better. You shouldn’t suffer because your brother and I have history. You always took care of me. Thank you for that…doctor Emily.” Sherlock joked towards the end. Emily smiled, “well, not quite.” Sherlock looked towards her “ what?”
When the cab arrived at 221b, John paid as usual while Sherlock unlocked the door. “I’m gonna pop in and check on Mrs. Hudson while I wait for our food. I ordered you some anyway.” John said, making his way to Mrs. Hudson’s door. Sherlock rolled his eyes and went up the stairs to their flat, breathing a sigh of relief to be in the comfort of his home.
" if you want to shower before work you should probably go now. While you're in there you might want to take care of that." He said grinning against johns neck.
“we are here to work John; I hadn’t anticipated us doing anything else.” Sherlock said before he saw John’s facial expression drop ever so slightly “but, I guess we could do whatever you’d like after business is taken care of. Maybe we could even stay a few days extra….”
"Hey, just relax okay? Everything's fine." John whispered before wrapping his arm around Sherlock. He intended for the taller man to rest on his shoulder but Sherlock moved completely and put his head in Johns lap. John smiled and slowly ran his fingers thorough the dark curls. It was only a matter of 10 minutes before Sherlock had surprisingly fallen asleep.
He striped infront of his mirror and tried not to look. He put on loose pants and his favorite blue dressing gown. When he removed the bandage he understood why all the fuss was made. The cuts were deep and some had to be stitched over. Their was some that would still bleed at friction and touch, but not enough to cause any damage. And god did they itch like hell. He knew he couldn't touch them though, and that he should see his doctor if anything was wrong.
John laughed " Sherlock Holmes is jealous" he moved to the left side of the bed and placed a hand on sherlocks head before kissing him deeply.  " you're all mine, and I'm all yours. Believe me I don't even have the slightest of interest in her." As if to prove it John took the slip of paper and ripped it into 8 pieces and throwing it in the trash.
Alone in Lestrade’s office, Victor was hunched over the stack of paperwork, unaware that none of it was actually needed, while John was silently scrolling through the comments on his latest blog post. John was propped up on Lestrade’s desk, almost directly in front of Victor. It was Victor who broke the silence first, “where’s Sherlock?” he inquired and John boredly answered “back at the flat.” Several more minutes of quiet passed before Victor spoke again “so are you and him a couple?” he asked, catching John’s attention. “uh, yeah.” John replied.  Victor smirked, “for how long?” John blinked a few times to make sure that this was a real conversation he was having, “a few months now, why?” he asked. Victor shrugged and placed a hand on the doctor’s knee, slowly running his fingers up John’s inner thigh, “just curious I suppose. I mean I figured, especially with those bites on his neck, especially the one near his collar bone.” John’s eyes widened; he knew Victor had been at the flat but why had he been close enough to Sherlock to see that love bite. All the confusing events from the past few days raced through his mind: Sherlock moving away from his touch or flinching under his hands, the loop hole in Sherlock’s story- when he came back from coffee with Harry, Sherlock was coming out of their bedroom with the cotton bud he found the evidence on, he said it came from Victor’s shoe but why would Victor have been in their bedroom. John’s blood ran cold. He remembered the wooden stick holding the window closed and the bed stripped of its sheets.
Victor reached his free hand up to caress Greg’s face before holding it, “We could go back to my place,” He whispered looking up at Lestrade before connecting his lips with those of the silver haired man. Lestrade kissed back and nodded in approval.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
Sherlocks eyes fluttered open and he immediately noticed that John was no longer in bed with him which made him frown momentarily. He groaned and rolled onto his back listening to the shower water run from down the hall. He laid in bed for a while taking in the peacefulness of the morning. The water had been running much longer than when John usually took showers… Sherlock gave a small smirk when he realized why John was taking his time. He sat up on the edge of the bed and slid on his house shoes before standing and tying his blue dressing gown around him. Even though last evenings conversation was filled with emotion, Sherlock felt in many ways, relieved, like he was no longer at battle with himself about how to continue with this case. He made his way to the bathroom and slipped in without John noticing. He let his robe fall from his shoulders, removed his shoes and stepped into the shower with John. They had never talked about this before, let alone actually done it but Sherlock highly doubted that John would mind. Just as he suspected, John was facing away from the water and stroking the length of his cock. Sherlock took a breath and reassured himself that everything was okay, and he was safe before he placed his hands on Johns’ shoulders and started kissing down his neck.
“thank you!! We should meet up tomorrow with our lawyers, decide the best course of action.” Was the reply he got back.
And with that Victor left 221b and Sherlock watched from the window as he got into a cab. Victor was, in every sense of the word, vile. He took a few calming breaths and tried to forget the way his fingers and mouth traced his skin. Despite him not being in the wrong, he felt dirty.
Mycroft closed his eyes and sighed in defeat, knowing Sherlock was right. Things could be much better for Sherlock if Mycroft had people checking in on him rather than his brother trying to evade his search team to work on this case. Mycroft opened his eyes and look Sherlock up and down. He had put on a bit of weight and no longer looked as if he was on the brink of death. His sleeves had been cuffed and he saw no new evidence of new cuts or recent scars other than what the small bandage was still covering. Mycroft was internally pleased with how his little brother was finally starting to win in the battle he had been fighting for so long. Just as Mycroft was about to admit defeat his eyes landed on the bruises on Sherlock’s neck and collar bone. “What are these? Did Victor do this to you? Sherlock I swear to go-“again Sherlock cut him off “It wasn’t Victor, it was John.” Mycroft’s face grew red and he turned to face John who had been tuning in and out of the conversation. In one quick move Mycroft was leaning over John, his umbrella pressed firmly to his throat, John’s’ eyes went wide with surprise . “How could you!?” Mycroft all but spat in John’s face, Sherlock screamed his name and was pulling at his shoulders trying to get him off of his lover. John’s breathing was being restricted, “What are you talking about I’ve not done anything to him.” John began struggling under Mycroft’s hold. His adrenaline and lifetime of unfortunate military reflexes had finally kicked in and he threw Mycroft to the floor of their flat. John cleared his throat and Sherlock switched his attention to him, placing a hand onto one of his arms to prevent him from hurting Mycroft further.
The judge looked up suddenly from her paper, “you are in my court. You will answer the questions I ask, or you can sit down and this portion of the hearing will be over.”
"Okay mr.holmes why don't we start by you telling me about yourself, since you seem to already know about me."
“Sherlock, will you lay on your front for me, love?” John asked sweetly “I want to try something.” Sherlock bit his bottom lip slightly and rolled over. John took a second to admire Sherlock’s gorgeous pale arsecheeks, massaging them slowly as he kissed down Sherlock’s spine. “lift your hips up for me, baby” John spoke softly as he began leaving small love bites on the pale mounds. Sherlock did as he was asked. “Is this okay?” John asked and Sherlock squeaked out a small ‘yes’ not totally sure what was about to happen. John spread Sherlock’s cheeks and flattened his tongue, licking a thick wet stripe over Sherlock’s little pink hole. Sherlock inhaled sharply letting out a high-pitched breath. John smiled and couldn’t help but giggle a bit at his lovers’ response, “you alright?” he asked. Sherlock’s face was flushed and buried into John’s pillow, the detective nodded, and John continued. Sherlock moaned and squirmed with arousal as John licked his hole. John make small wet strokes, long, light teasing ones, ones where he pointed his tongue and made circles over Sherlock pucker and carried this on for several minutes. “John, please.” Sherlock panted “please I need more.” Sherlock was practically humping the mattress for relief and John had taken himself in hand, unable to watch Sherlock this hot and malleable without giving himself some pleasure. “what do you want, baby?” John asked kissing the dimple at the end of Sherlock’s spine. Sherlock groaned obscenely at the pet name; he’d never let anyone know how much he loved when John called him those silly little names. “I don’t know, I just need more of you.” Sherlock panted. John moved his body to lay equal with Sherlock’s, giving the detective a few moments to compose himself. “Sherlock, I want you to answer me honestly, baby. Do you want to have sex tonight?” John asked, unknowingly holding his breath waiting for the answer. “I want to, but I don’t think I’m- I don’t- “ John saw Sherlock spiraling into his head and kissed him, taking him back out of it. “it’s fine. There is plenty more we can do, love.” John comforted him and Sherlock nodded. John held Sherlock’s cock in his hand and stroked it slowly up and down. Sherlock closed his eyes and held his bottom lip between his teeth , “god you’re gorgeous Sherlock. I can’t believe you’re mine.” John sped up his movement slightly, tugging at his own length at the same time.
Sherlock slipped the slide under the microscope and quickly began scanning it for what he was looking for. Suddenly his fingers stopped moving on the turn dials and he laughed in a low and relieved kind of way. All of Sherlock’s theories he had been having, the ones he didn’t vocalize, not even to John. The reason the evidence was so polarizing. It was all coming full circle.
The two climbed into bed and cuddled closely. Sherlock clung to John a little tighter tonight than most. When John’s soft snores filled the room, Sherlock began watching the time and monitoring John’s breathing for the best time to sneak out.
The doctor reached for the lube he kept in his bedside table, “lay over my lap, baby.” John said softly and Sherlock was quick to comply with the request. John spread those gorgeous cheeks once more and put a bead of lube on the area and his finger, smiling as Sherlock gasped at the cold. “it will warm up.” John reassured him as he traced his fingers around the pale pink hole and in the same pattern, he had done with his tongue moments before. When Sherlock was relaxed John slowed down just a bit, “I’m going to apply some pressure and put one finger in, okay?” John asked and saw Sherlock nod. John did exactly as he said he was going to and soon had a finger resting inside of Sherlock. It didn’t hurt, but it wasn’t pleasurable yet, Sherlock thought. It just felt strange. “I’m going to move a bit.” John spoke softly and began to slowly work his finger in and out of Sherlock as he whispered affirmations and rubbed the detectives back. It wasn’t long before John found that sensitive bundle of nerves he had been searching for and Sherlock jolted. “oh my god. John, John what- do that again.” Sherlock said with a small beg evident in his tone. “ I fully intend to keep doing it, baby.” John said with a smirk, brushing the nerves over and over again, Sherlock was getting close and John could tell, “ I’m going to keep doing it until you come undone on my lap.” Sherlock groaned at John’s words. He was rutting into John’s lap as John kept pushing his finger in and out. “mmm, John. John, I’m going to cum.” He moaned softly. “you’re incredible Sherlock, cum for me. Cum in my lap, baby.” John whispered and that was all it took for Sherlock to shoot his seed across John’s thighs. John slowly removed his digit from Sherlock’s hole, causing the detective to feel a bit empty.
"She moved away last week, Mr.Holmes I assure you that I am just as capable as helping you as she was."
Sherlock’s forehead crinkled, “no, of course not. I didn’t even know who the victim was when I became involved and when I found out I wanted to drop the case. I didn’t even want any of the Trevor’s to know I was ever considered to investigate the crime scene, but I was told by inspector Lestrade I was too involved to be dropped from the case.”
“Why don’t you flirt with him, it’s your idea?” Greg shot back. John opened his mouth to object, but Sherlock beat him to it.
John took his seat next to Sherlock in the luxurious cabin. The last time Sherlock was on this plane was when Jim Moriarty announced his return to London. He smiled briefly at the memory before John took his hand and laced his fingers with his own and let them come to rest in his lap. “So besides find Emily, what else are we going to do while we are in Paris?” John asked, with a sense of expectation in his voice.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand and leaned in close when he felt Sherlock tighten his grip back in response. “ where do you want to go? We don’t have much time before it gets dark.” Sherlock baritone voice was amplified by the hospital hallways. “well actually, I’ve made some plans for us. We have dinner reservations near the Eiffel tower, let’s go there and by the time we finish up it will be time for supper.” John replied. Sherlock quirked an eyebrow, “ when did you make us reservations and not tell me about it?”
“Sherlock, please! I know we talked about how there won’t be any true justice for what he did to you- to us, but the more charges he has the longer he will be locked up and we can live our lives feeling a little bit safer than we have been.” Emily pleaded, but Sherlock remained silent.
When they arrived in the room it looked like world war 2. Bloody hand prints and smears covered the once white walls. Sherlock began looking around.
“Victor stopped apologizing for anything after that- not that an apology would have fixed anything- nothing seemed off limits to him anymore. Especially when we were left alone. We lived together the two years we were at university together. He manipulated my mind as much as he did my body. Weeks of comments about my weight let to him making me a proposition, every half stone I would lose he would reward me. It was always nonconsensual sex, or acting out some depraved and perverted game he had invented. But I did it because I believed him that my body was repulsive and that I was lucky that he wanted me. I believed him wholeheartedly when he said no one but him would ever be able to stand being around me, certainly not want to be romantically. I tried to placate him, too scared to be alone forever.” Sherlock detested the pain he felt within him as he recalled those heart wrenching emotions. “I was starving to please him, only for him to reward me with more pain. Before long the pain turned to numbness and I turned to cutting myself and drugs, but that’s not what we’re here to talk about.”
“sexual assault and domestic abuse.” Sherlock said quickly and heard a sharp intake of air from the man sat across from him, “against victor Trevor.” He continued.
John pulled away slightly and brought a hand up to Sherlock’s cheek. He still didn’t say anything, just watched as those beautiful blue eyes welled with tears that soon spilled over. Sherlock stared into his eyes with a longing, an emptiness, stare that conveyed the same feeling you get when you want to say something so badly but opt not to. John kissed him quick and soft as he turned off the water and grabbed two towels from the warming rack.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
Hi friends! I deeply apologize for not updating when i said i would! i've gotten sick twice lately and it pushed everything back for a bit. I am so nervous to post this chapter, i rewrote it so many times- i hope you like it and if you don't please be nice in the comments. I'm fragile lol.
John lay back down beside Sherlock, stroking his face “why couldn’t you have just told me that? Why did you leave me to worry?”
John’s eyebrows furrowed, “what? Of course I’m coming. I’m not going to let you do that without me. Sherlock I know what he did to you-“
Sherlock huffed a bit, knowing Emily needed to get a few hours of good rest in before they could start looking for a way out-who knows when the last time she had a decent sleep was. He gently placed his hands on her shoulders, that were still draped in his coat, and moved her to where her head was resting on his thighs. It wasn’t long before her eyes began to close, and Sherlock began counting the minutes until he would wake her.
John practically felt his heart fall to his stomach when he spotted a Victor and Lestrade walk into the pub hand in hand. He moved a few booths back and pretended to read one of the menus. He could have been sick watching the two of them act like love drunk teenagers. Greg excused himself to the washroom a few short minutes later and John calculated that it was safe to send him a few texts.
Sherlock picked out a pair of his black dress pants and a dark turquoise button down and matched it with one of his typical black blazers. He felt sick. It wasn’t visible but it felt as if every nerve inside him was trembling in not only fear but…anticipation? Not the kind of anticipation where you are looking forward to the event but more anxious to get it over with. Most of all Sherlock was furious at himself for spending far too much time messing with his hair and making sure his clothes looked nice-all these years, all the feelings of hatred and disgust towards Victor and he was still classically conditioned to want to look good for him and seek his approval. The fact that he was still seeking this approval made him feel ashamed. He ran his fingers through his hair one last time and grabbed his iconic long coat.
He picked up his pace and they both let whispered curses of pleasure into the space between them. John put his hands under Sherlock’s thighs to help support him and he began moving on top of the ex-soldier even faster. Every time John would hit Sherlock’s prostate the detective would bite his bottom lip and let out a low moan that was a delightful sin to John’s ears. Sherlock was now practically bouncing on John’s cock. John knew he wasn’t going to last much longer. The final straw was when he let his hand come to rest low on Sherlock’s abdomen and could faintly feel his own member moving inside of his lover. “fuck, Sherlock I’m gonna come. Come with me, sweetheart.” John huffed as he stroked Sherlock faster and thrust his hips to meet up with Sherlock’s movements.
“she’s a few rooms down to the left, but she’s resting right now. They think she will make a full recovery in a few days. We are going to go back to the hotel when the IV finishes and come see her tomorrow.
Sherlock faced away from John and tears escaped his eyes. He made his way under the hot steam and trickle of the shower water. He inhaled deeply and thanked a higher power that the water could hide his tears.
“I love you too, darling.” A pet name he only brought out on special occasions. He felt Sherlock smile against his chest, “ darling…” he sighed before drifting off to sleep.
“yeah, he dropped off a file for Lestrade while you were out.” Sherlock said casually. John nodded but gave him a look that obviously meant they were going to be talking about this later.
“um, thanks for the apology but it was a misunderstanding. Given Sherlock’s background, I would have reacted the same- in fact I nearly did when I first met Victor at New Scotland Yard. Well, Sherlock is…Sherlock. I don’t think he’s cut himself since we’ve been back home, he’s still meeting with and making bare minimum conversation with the therapist you sent over, and um well as you saw he’s a lot more at ease with letting people- well- me at least, be close to him.” John was rubbing the back of his neck, trying to ignore the fact he was telling Mycroft about their intimacy.
After he had finished up with Lestrade, Sherlock left NSY and walked aimlessly through the streets of London. He thought deeply about his life. What he liked about it and what he didn't like about it. He thought of ways to make him a better person and specifically a better boyfriend. He had come to terms that the relationship he once had was not healthy and not how he should compare his relationship with John to. His mind began to flood with thoughts of John leaving him because he couldn't be intimate and had problems. Without focusing on walking he didn't notice there was a person walking toward him. He ran into them and looked up to see a man he couldn't forget but never remember his name.
“yeah, well it’s not a very far walk from one side of this pub to the other.” John tried to joke. “Brilliant performance, very convincing. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you actually liked the guy.” John said with a knowing scowl.
Hi friends! I have a surprise for you... today I am uploading TWO CHAPTERS! Thank you all so much for reading this story, and especially for all of your feedback, it really motivates me to post more! Stay safe and healthy, lots of love... <3
Normally Sherlock would have stood but today he didn’t think his knees would hold him much longer. The two men just stared at each other for longer than the sergeant was comfortable with. Bradshaw cleared his throat awkwardly, “so, what can I do for you?”
Sherlock looked deep into johns’ eyes before pulling him into a deep and passionate kiss. Sherlock didn’t know why he did that- he’s not usually one to initiate but he was overwhelmed with emotion for john and it felt like the right thing to do. John of course kissed back with as much enthusiasm as Sherlock did. He ran his hands up and down the detectives back and was taken by surprise when Sherlock, in one fluid motion, moved himself on top of john to straddle him as they kissed. John made a bold choice to gently nip at sherlocks bottom lip causing the other man to gasp quietly, giving john a perfect amount of time to lick into his lover’s mouth. Sherlock momentarily froze but soon picked back up, matching johns’ motions. John ran his hands over sherlocks chest that was barely covered by his dressing gown. As one of johns warm hands brushed over his nipples Sherlock unintentionally let out a sultry moan that surprised the both of them, “I’m uh, I’m sorry, I didn’t-“Sherlock stuttered  “It’s fine. It’s all fine.” John smiled and began kissing him once more bringing his body even closer to his own. John was still wearing his button down from work, Sherlock began messing with the buttons as they kissed, and john certainly had no intention of stopping him. In a shocking turn of events Sherlock untied the string that was holding together his dressing gown and tossed it to the side after it slid off his shoulders. John couldn’t help but observe that Sherlock was still wearing the same bandage from this morning and that it really should be changed soon. But It could wait a few more minutes. Sherlock had reached the last button of john’s shirt and quickly undid it, exposing his broad toned chest. Sherlock looked lovingly at his partner and began kissing and nipping at his neck making his way down his body. Johns cock twitched as Sherlock moved further down his abdomen but tried to will it to go away, but Sherlock being the observational genius he is already noticed and gave a smug grin in johns direction. Sherlock had begun making his way back up the doctor’s body and teasingly messing with the buckle on johns belt when they heard Mrs. Hudson call up the stairs. Both men sighed and gave a small smile. Sherlock rolled his eyes and muttered “cockblock” causing the both of them to giggle as they redressed.
After dinner and a short walk through the nearby park, the two men retreated back to their hotel. Sherlock had been texting with Billy to set up a meeting time and location for later in the night. He knew two hours after John fell asleep, he would be unconscious enough for him to sneak out unnoticed. Sherlock never thought there would come a time when he would make this kind of effort to have John not accompany him on a case. In many ways this case wasn’t any more dangerous than some of the others they had been on, but the feeling was different. It very much felt like something Sherlock needed to do on his own almost as if he had to prove something to himself- John being kept safe was just a bonus.
John pressed the front of his body to Sherlock’s back and plowed into the man with a type of force he hadn’t before. He released all the inhibitions he had in the past about doing something beyond Sherlock’s comfort, he had a renewed sense of trust that the dark haired man would let him know if a boundary was overstepped. Beneath him Sherlock was blissed out, floating in a total state of extasy. His sharp mind failing to remember any word besides John’s name. John snaked his arm beneath Sherlock and took his leaking cock in his hand, beginning to jerk him off in sync with his thrusts. “ whenever you want baby… I wont stop this time.” John panted the promise, feeling his hand slowly become slicker with Sherlock’s excitement. He prayed Sherlock would finish before him, because at this pace he wasn’t going to last much more than a minute. John felt Sherlock’s muscled tighten from inside his body and felt warm ejaculate spilling over his fingers, “ mmm gorgeous, baby….” He growled in Sherlock’s ear and with a few final thrusts he shot his cum deep inside his lovers body. He fell slack against Sherlock’s back, no longer afraid of crushing him. They both laid in silence, save for the sound of them trying to catch their breath. John felt himself coming back to reality and started to move off Sherlock.
"Mycroft! Look I need you to send medically trained people or something, you were right it was a danger night I'm so sorry I left him"
John forcefully grabbed Victor’s hand off of his thigh, squeezing it with all the anger he had kept pent up. In one quick motion John had Victor’s arm behind his back and was hovering over the vile man. “Did you touch him!” John seethed and Victor didn’t answer, only smirked. John took his other arm and pressed his forearm under Victor’s chin and forced his head backwards, straining over the back of the chair. John was far from gentle in his actions and it soon became obvious Victor was in pain. “Did you fucking touch him?” John spat in his face. Victor’s eyes showed little emotion, “how could I not?” John pushed Victor’s head back even more until he was begging him to stop, John did stop but he didn’t release the pressure, “Listen to me. This case isn’t about you or your sister to me. I don’t care if you sister fucking rots and you never see her or find closure, if it means Sherlock is kept safe from you. I will not allow you to so much as breathe in the wrong direction towards him. And when I find out what you’ve done to him when I’m not around- and I WILL find out- I will put you in a state so horrific you’ll wish you were burning with the devil himself.” John got off of Victor and took a few deep breaths. Victor returned to sitting how he had previously been, not saying a word to John and looking seemingly unaffected by the events that had just unfolded. John however was consumed in rage and a hint of guilt for leaving his boyfriend at any time during this case. The knowledge that Victor had put his hands back on Sherlock in some kind of way made John want to forget his moral code, the oaths he had taken as both a doctor and soldier and destroy the man sat in front of him; but instead he sat with his hand nearly shaking in anger.
The moment John started pressing kisses to his bare skin Sherlock put down his book and pulled John up to kiss him properly.
I wish nothing but the absolute best for you all. Know that today you are sat between a story you (hopefully) love and the woman you helped save.
Sherlock’s mouth fell open slightly, “ they knew that’s what you brought me in here for?! How did I not- I always-” Sherlock stumbled, bewildered by his lack of deductions, but John just grinned and kissed him once more. They crossed the threshold into the kitchen where Sherlock’s parents and Harry were waiting with anticipation and even Mycroft couldn’t deny the flickers of excitement he was feeling for his little brother. They were met with hugs and cheers of congratulations, kisses on cheeks and firm handshakes- everything was good.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
“ I can sleep after the trial…hopefully.” Sherlock spit out, his tone so much different from when they had gone to sleep. “ besides I wasn’t sleeping anyway. Better to wallow in self pity by myself than next to you. What time is it?”
Bradshaw looked up and smiled in the detective’s direction, “Sherlock, good to see you again! What can I help you with? Please sit down.” He said cheerfully as he gestured to the seats in front of his desk.
Sherlock’s eyes shot up and met with Emily’s. John’s did the same and his arm tightened around Sherlock. There was a shift in the detective’s demeanor. He went from his typical low patience, near no emotion self to the man he had been in the tunnels, the one more open to show feeling, the broken-still healing- man. “ Emily, I understand why you want to, I do. I encourage you to do it, but I’m sorry, I won’t testify about my time with Victor.” Now it was Sherlock’s turn to look down at the floor.
Greg’s eyes lowered with a touch of shame, “ I went to Victor’s house, before he and I went to Paris and I was searching through his bedroom while he packed. I came across several…sexual items and he caught me. He wasn’t ashamed to tell me about them. he volunteered the information that he had the plug custom made when he was dating some guy in university, it never crossed my mind that man would have been Sherlock. I asked what the remote did, and he had me hold the plug as he hit the first level button on the remote, the electric shock was…incredibly painful. If I recall correctly, that was the first of then levels. Your honor, it’s a very specific thing to have in his possession and for Sherlock to explicitly bring up.”
John had showered and changed into his clothes for the night and Sherlock had done the same. John sat on the couch watching a late-night program and Sherlock had just finished researching a few things. He was happy and feeling confident, if not proud of himself for handling the events of today like he had. He stood from his chair and made his way towards John, taking the shorter man by surprise when Sherlock began straddling his lap. Sherlock began kissing the doctor passionately running his hands down John’s chest and ever so slightly grinding is hips into him. John made a low sound in the back of his throat as he kept one arm wrapped around Sherlock’s waist and the other hand running down his back and sides. John couldn’t resist any longer as he moved his hands down the backside of Sherlock’s body until they landed on Sherlock’s ass. Sherlock moaned softly in approval and let John squeeze and hold his ass through his thin pajama bottoms. “take me to bed?” Sherlock whispered low and seductively. John kissed him harder and hoisted them both off of the sofa and Sherlock wrapped his legs around John’s waist. He carried Sherlock upstairs to his room, remembering that Sherlock’s sheets were still not put back in place.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
" oh, as long as we are just talking I suppose that's fine. Erm, I know your wanting to talk about sex but what about it?"
John officially decided to get out of bed around 9 and made his way to the kitchen to put on the kettle after redressing. Sherlock was hunched over his microscope and it was obvious by the new pictures tacked to their wall that he had been hard at work this morning. John fixed them both tea and some toast with jam. He set it beside Sherlock and cracked a smile as the detective immediately picked up a piece to eat. John wrapped a loving arm around him, “making some progress?” he asked, and Sherlock nodded as he backed away from the microscope. “yes,” he replied, “Its actually very interesting, one of the samples I picked up from Emily’s apartment and the sidewalk outside seem to have traces of a odd type of sediment but I haven’t quite placed it yet-there is also guano on those same slides.” Sherlock said in a perplexed tone. “Guano?” John asked, and Sherlock looked up at him, “Oh, bat droppings.” He replied and John just nodded.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
Emily sat on the back end of an ambulance, an orange blanket wrapped around her, as she watched the scene unfold in front of her.  She smiled as she watched the two reunite, the raw and genuine emotion evident.
John looked up at the over excited man in his room "A whole family has been killed and you're excited?"
OH MY GOSH!! I am genuinely in shock and overjoyed that this story has reached over 7000 hits. Thank you to everyone who has taken time to read even just one of these chapters and for supporting my writing. I hope you all enjoy this chapter! The next chapter will definitely be more content based than the last two chapters, but i don't want to rush this story and don't want to skip over important character development points.
The kiss started off gentle but soon became passionate. John ran his tongue over sherlocks bottom lip and Sherlock let him in. Their tongues passed sweetly over one another. Sherlock started to unbutton John's shirt and john did the same to him. They were left in their boxers when John felt Sherlock tense up. He found the best way to help Sherlock when things got like this was a lot of praise and reassuring him everything was fine.
John and Sherlock were interrupted when the young man that found them approached Sherlock. “we are about to take Miss Trevor to the hospital; would you like to accompany her?” he asked, and John’s eyes went wide. “you found her?! Of course, you found her!” he said in excited disbelief as he pulled his boyfriend into another hug. “yes, I’ll go with her.” He replied and the young man handed the pair off to the paramedics. John and Sherlock sat hand in hand in the back of the ambulance. Emily let her eyes close on the drive over, obviously exhausted.
Emily tried to laugh but it only came out as a puff of air, “John, its fine, I forgive you. You were protecting your boyfriend. Sure, it scared me in the moment, but I’m glad to see he has someone like you to stand up for him like that. No hard feelings, I promise.”
“what about Victor? What am I supposed to do with him? He will no doubt be suspicious if we all leave the country. In fact he’s going to be suspicious if just one of leaves.” Lestrade questions.
“oh god.” John whispered, placing two fingers to one of his temples and rubbing them in tight circles.
Sherlock fought not to roll his eyes, “ not photographed. I can point them out to you if you like” he said sarcastically, but nothing about it was amusing when the judge said yes.
They drove back to Victor’s small but lavish house and Greg sat down on the couch, slightly tense and observing the room. He didn’t have many one-night stands, and certainly not many with criminals he thought to himself. Male criminals his subconscious reminded him and he internally cursed Sherlock. Victor sat next to him and the pair continued their conversation between lazy kisses. “Do you want some more wine?” Victor offered. Greg nodded, “Please.”  Victor stood, “It’s in the basement. I’ll be right back,” He said placing his hand high up on Greg’s thigh and giving him one more kiss.
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowed in deep thought, his brain was far too active to try and narrow down a few pieces of evidence. His thoughts were interrupted as John came down the steps from his room, which was really a glorified walk in closet ever since he and Sherlock began sleeping together. “Harry called me a few minutes ago” John spoke as he made his way towards Sherlock. “She and her fiancé have apparently called off their engagement…” John sighed “Again.” He and Sherlock chimed in at the same time and gave each other a small smile. “yeah. So she’s wanting to meet up for coffee and I’m guessing talk about why it ended this time. We’re supposed to meet her near her place, that is if you don’t need me around right now.” John cupped his hand around the back of Sherlock’s head and kissed him. “It’s fine, need to go to my mind palace for a while anyway.” Sherlock stood and walked with John towards the stairwell before kissing him goodbye.
Thanks so much for reading! Please comment and let me know if you like the story and if you would like me to start writing one shots!
I hope you all have a fantastic week and that you enjoy this chapter! please let me know what you think! stay safe and healthy, lots of love...
All heads jerked up and stared at Sherlock’s back. Greg felt a pit open in his stomach he felt nauseous.
"Now he booked me, told me specifically not to let you talk me out of leaving, and to help you. Please sit down mr.Holmes."
Sherlock was the first person out of the courtroom as John elbowed his way through the other members of the jury to chase after him. Mrs. Holmes had nearly composed herself, but it all fell apart again when she saw her son. She reached for his arm but he shook her off and continued walking, turning a corner and disappearing. John soon emerged from the crowd and approached the Holmes’s, attempting to console the distressed parents. “ I mean this in the most respectful way Mr. And Mrs. Holmes…I think you should go to your hotel for the day. Mycroft can update you on the case. No parent should endure this.” He tried to reason as quickly as he could, eager to go find his lover. Mr. Holmes agreed and soon got his wife to comply. “ we are so grateful to you John. Your good for him.” Sherlock mom said quietly and John stepped closer to give her a brief hug and kiss on the cheek.
Their flight was set to leave later that afternoon. John would be lying if he said he wasn’t upset that their spontaneously planned extra couple of days in the city was cut short because of Sherlock’s extra time in the catacombs and the next day being spent in bed for the most part. Sherlock had promised they would return to the city soon and make up for the lost time.
Just as John promised, they were back before dinner. John showered and was met by Sherlock sitting on the edge of their bed. The tall man took long strides, making his way to John who took him to his arms. Sherlock leaned down slightly so that their foreheads pressed together and a smile spread across his face, illuminating his eyes. “ John Watson…you are a bad man…and I love you.”
John smiled "thank you." He leaned into Sherlocks shoulder and stayed there. Sherlock tensed up, partly because John was leaning against fresh cuts but mostly because John was actually leaning on him. After the last 4 bites Sherlock moved his arm and wrapped it around Johns shoulders. They both smiled and leaned in more.
In this moment of privacy and sentiment, Sherlock met John’s gaze and held it, looking into the perfect oceanic storm of blue and greys that was John’s eyes. “John I’ve always been a difficult man, I recognize this…and well you’ve known this.” He huffed a laugh and caught the thin smile that tugged at the corners of John’s mouth. “ but since the start of our relationship, I have been even more…” Sherlock, for once seemed lost for words. John leaned forward and look his lovers left hand, clasping it between his own palms. “ things have been challenging, to say the least-” Sherlock continued. “ I need to thank you for what you’ve done. For the sake of brevity I wont list all that you’ve done for me.” John’s chuckle make the lump in Sherlock’s throat fade. The lump was back and threatening tears but Sherlock wasn’t done, “ put your humility aside and understand that I would not be sitting here if it wasn’t for the ways you love me. Without you, my parents would have one less son, Ms. Hudson one less tenant, and god knows how many unsolved cases Scotland yard would have compiled by now.” He joked, making the heaviness of the mood lighten. “ John… you have saved me…in every way that a person can be saved.”
"You should be more careful, London would collapse without you, so would a certain doctor I know." Angelo smiled fondly and Johns cheeks peaked red. "Alright, I'll leave you alone. Usual?"
On the outside Sherlock Holmes seems un-breakable, but when John discovers his best friends past in learns that the great detective is in fact very broken. John helps his best friend heal and over come fears that have troubled him for years.
John hurriedly dressed, brushed his teeth and combed his hair before putting on his shoes and kissing Sherlock goodbye.
" only if your sure, Sherlock. I mean it, I don't want you to try and push yourself too much for my sake, because I am absolutely fine. I am happier than I have ever been all because of you." John spoke sincerely and leaned to kiss his boyfriend.
“Your honor” he began with tears in his eyes and a sorrowful voice, “ my sister is very sick. She has been for a long time. As a child she would be fine one minute and acting erratically the next. Sometimes she would hit herself hard enough to leave bruises. I used to hold her arms close to her so that she didn’t hurt herself too badly.”
“all of the previously mentioned forms of torment, while repulsive, paled in comparison to a ‘sexual aid’ he had custom made.”
"Doesn't matter, none of my business but I came here because I need Sherlock to come look at a few things we found."
I hope you all are enjoying these chapters, please comment with any feedback or questions you may have- i am always happy yo talk with you guys! Stay healthy and safe! Lots of love <3
"Big or little what, John? You can't just ask me to choose between two things in which I have no idea of the context your talking about. And besides those are both terms that have a wide range of-"
"You act like I can't take care of myself. 'Sherlock eat' 'Sherlock sleep' 'Sherlock clean up the acid in the sink' I get sick of hearing it John"
John went to the chest of drawers near the window and took out the coat he came after when he noticed the wooden stick propped in the frame. He shook his head and disregarded it as part of an experiment of Sherlock’s. He also took notice of the bed being stripped of its sheets, that was harder for him dismiss. Sherlock never did the laundry. He cleared it from his mind the best he could and met Greg outside and they made the trip to New Scotland Yard.
“does everything surprise you?! All these years in the police department and your acting like everything I say to you is unbelievable!” Sherlock raised his voice as he stood from his chair.
In the safety of his room Sherlock stripped down to nothing but his pants and looked in the mirror. To anyone else they would have seen every rib, a concave stomach, hip bones that were very visible, and legs that looked so small you would think they would break at slight pressure. But that's not what Sherlock saw, he saw an imperfect and flawed body. He stood there pulling at the skin on his stomach and thinking it was fat and holding his thighs to see it they still shook. He stepped onto the scale and let out a deep sigh, 8 stone (112 lbs) hurt and disappointment washed over his face and his eyes brimmed with tears.
“yes, you look beautiful- as always.” He stood on his toes and kissed him as they stood on the sidewalk waiting for a cab.
As John lay there unable to fall back asleep, he admired how beautiful his boyfriend was. His skin was like soft porcelain and seemed to glow in the gentle light of the morning sun, his lips were perfectly shaped and couldn’t help but remember how incredible they looked the night that Sherlock had them wrapped around his cock. John felt his cock stir in his boxers and he tried to will himself to think of something different, his sexual frustration was the last thing Sherlock needed to concern himself with at this time…but the thoughts wouldn’t go away. He laid there with his erection growing slowly by the minute until he decided this was one morning he couldn’t ignore it. He decided to cut his losses and slowly moved from the bed to go shower and have a wank. In some ways he felt guilty for caving into his bodily desires, but he reminded himself that he was just a man and that he would rather take care of this now than to make Sherlock uncomfortable with it when he woke up.
Meanwhile at Tesco, John was placing a few items in his basket and thinking about how their night had changed so quickly. A strawberry blonde figure caught his attention. The memories of Sherlock tonight filled his head and he was overwhelmed with anger. He grabbed the last few things he needed and rushed to the checkout. When he pulled his dark jumper up closer to his mouth and put the hood up on his jacket. He set the few bags of groceries behind a corner and watched the Tesco door. Finally, he saw Victor come out and start to round the corner he was waiting beside. “fuck moral code” he thought to himself as he stuck his foot out and tripped the younger man. When Victor fell to the sidewalk John got on top of him and tangled his fist in his hair, pulling his head back before slamming it back down on the sidewalk. He gave him a hard, quick kick in the stomach before grabbing his groceries and running off, unnoticed. The adrenaline was pumping hard through John’s veins.
He leaned his head against the cool tile wall as he sobbed with frustration. Not fear or anger. Pure frustration and he wasn’t even sure if it was directed towards Victor or himself.
Mycroft laughed a little too loud and john stirred. Sherlock sent him a death stare. " oh brother, you aren't 'decent enough to have a relationship' you just got lucky"
"I most certainly will, Derek and Michael didn't wake me up. You two did! And Sherlock Holmes don't you even try to blame it on them or bring it up to them if you would like them to respect you when you and John make similar noises!"
“Right. Sorry I had to leave, but it’s all situated now.” Lestrade said as he hung up his coat. “John, thanks for coming down and helping out. Sorry for any inconvenience.”
The detective placed himself with his back to John’s chest and waited to an arm to be draped over him.
The judge walked out from behind her stand, for the first time visibly uncomfortable, “ may I?” she asked and Sherlock nodded, closed his eyes and prayed he wouldn’t flinch at her touch. She ran the fingertip of her index finger over the scars, unable to deny that the letters ‘C’ ‘O’ and ‘r’ were definitely still visible in correct succession beneath the attempt of a coverup. “and you didn’t do it yourself?”
A series of moans and "oh god's" and "fuck yes" came from the wall. Johns mouth quirked into a smile and he chuckled lowly as did Sherlock, until a scream was heard and he flinched.
They both giggled and helped the other clean up the dishes before retreating to the couch. They originally planned to watch Americas most wanted but Sherlock had something else on his mind, and that something else was John. Within the  first 10 minutes of the show Sherlock started pressing kisses to John neck and cheek before turning him around and laying him on the couch. Sherlock was absolutely leaving no piece of his neck un-kissed. John couldn't help but let out a moan and a couple breathily whimpers. John was perfectly fine with this until Sherlock started trying to remove his jumper.
Sherlock had only just lowered his violin when his mother wrapped him in her arms. He could feel tears beginning to seep through his shirt where her head rested near the center of his chest. She sobbed and held him tighter, with pleas of “I’m sorry I didn’t protect you” and “how could I have not known.” being spoken into the fabric. He let his chin come to rest on the crown of her head and moved his eyes to look towards the ceiling so that tears might not fall. Under any other circumstance he would be annoyed by the affection and spontaneous drop in, but even he with his lack of emotional detection could tell how deeply hurt his mother was. He dropped a kiss to her head and whispered affirmations that nothing about the situation was her fault and she should feel no blame. John and Mr. Holmes watched the scene unfold from the doorway, and when Sherlock’s mother finally released him from her hold, his father stepped closer to him. The tension in the room grew tangible and it was evident that his father was struggling with both what to say and how to act. It was an expected reaction from his mother, but the relationship between a father and son is different.
It was only when he caught sight of a small makeup bag that he remembered the bag John had packed. He realized that without John he couldn’t only be Sherlock Holmes the great detective, he also had to honor John and fill the role of a caretaker. He shrugged off his coat and placed it over Emily, the dark heavy fabric engulfed her small frame. He rustled through the bag until he found one of the electrolyte packets and mixed it in a bottle of water. He held it in front of Emily but didn’t let her take it yet. “Emily, you have to drink this slowly. If you don’t, you will get sick, promise me you won’t guzzle it?” Emily nodded in response and she took small sips of the liquid.
“First day of senior year, man!” Greg enthusiastically clapped his hands down on John’s shoulders. “Come on, aren’t you the least bit excited?”
"Sorry, didn't mean to see you in your pants" John said, turning his glance to the other side of the room.
Lestrade rubbed his tired eyes that were adorned with visible dark circles, “your being arrested and tried for kidnapping your sister and interfering with evidence.”
A penny for your thoughts? I am so nervous, but also very proud and excited for this story to come out! I hope you all like it <3
“no, it’s not. Only speak of you and your brother.” She glared down and raised an eyebrow, “so your brother began abusing you at age ten, why didn’t you tell anyone?”
Lestrade rubbed his hand over his face, “Fine. Fine. You win, as usual. I’ll take him out tonight and come over later to discuss our next move.” And with that the DI left.
The car ride home was…charged. John kept his body touching Sherlock’s at all times, kissing him a few times too many than what would be considered appropriate for being in a cab with two other people, one of them being their friend and landlady and the other an innocent cab driver. They quickly paid the cabbie and scurried upstairs, ignoring Ms. Hudson’s comment about removing her hearing aids as soon as she got inside.
When John didn’t begin to move Sherlock spoke up, “I’m serious” he whispered, taking John’s face in his hands and kissing him deeply. “ I want you, please.” Sherlock said in a sultry tone and he took John’s free hand and led it down his body to his already leaking erection. John wrapped his hand around Sherlock and began to stroke him slowly, “you know I can’t resist you when you say please.” John murmured. He moved Sherlock so that he was beneath him and straddled his hips, “you might be sore from last night. You’ll let me know if-”Sherlock cut him off “yes, yes. John, please.”
The judge flipped through some papers and stared down the court room directly to Sherlock. “ The court finds Victor Trevor guilty of the charges of domestic abuse made by Mr. Holmes, I have sentenced Mr. Trevor to five years imprisonment for the charge.” There was a pause “unless there is new evidence to be presented, on all charges and degrees of sexual assault the court has found Victor Trevor…” the tension rose so high in the courtroom it felt like you were choking on it. as if all the oxygen molecules multiplied in size and were causing suffocation rather than an aid to breathing. John felt Sherlock’s hand tighten around his own. “ not guilty.”
Victor came closer to where Sherlock stood, this time Sherlock didn’t back away. “He’s very handsome Sherlock, I can see why you like him” he brought his hand up to Sherlock’s neck and ran his fingers down it and over the love bite under his jawline. “it looks like he likes you too. Does he make you feel special? Tell you you’re so smart and impressive? The pretty ones always are stupid. You’re pretty too, always have been-I can see why you two fell for one another.” Victor still had his fingers caressing Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock struggled to speak with what felt like a massive lump in his throat, he felt nearly paralyzed in fear. “ Oh, another one” Victor smirked in amusement as he moved Sherlock’s shirt collar to the side and now began tracing the purple mark near his collar bone. He looked up at the dark headed man and gave him a sinister smile before leaning forward and licking over the bruise. “hmm, how far do these things go down?” he taunted as he began trying to undo one of Sherlock’s top buttons. Sherlock quickly grabbed his hand and took a step closer to Victor, “Don’t touch me.” Sherlock seethed and shoved away Victor’s’ hand, once again moving to the opposite side of the room.
It still didn’t make a lot of sense to the tall man but for now he would disregard it and think about it later. When they arrived at the courthouse they were met with a similar scene, except this time there was more press and media outlets than what covered most crime scenes. It all seemed so foreign to the detective. His lawyer warned him this may happen and to not speak to the press, but he didn’t think it would actually come to this.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
John pulled off his jumper, fully aware of Sherlock touching himself as he watched. He tossed the knitted fabric at the detective, making him release the grip on his cock to keep it from hitting his face. Sherlock’s gentle laughter elicited a similar response in John. Unable to hide his fondness for the moment, Sherlock hooked his legs around John’s back and pulled him down on top of him. How different these moments felt compared to the events of his intimate life that had been hashed before the jury in the past few days. To laugh with genuine content, lay physically and mentally naked- completely exposed before another person and not feel a hint of shame or embarrassment. “John..” Sherlock trailed with a tone that really said, “I love you.” The moment of softness was over when John pressed the expanse of his thigh against Sherlock’s straining erection.
John looked at Sherlock hunched over the desk, looking paler than usual and shaking. He grew angry when he saw what he was looking at. He called out his partners name softly but gained no response. He made his way to him and placed a soft hand on his shoulder,  the man beneath it jumped. “ sorry, sorry…” John apologized and stepped even closer, “ you should be resting, in bed with me, not reading this.” His tone was stern but not unsympathetic.
Back in London Lestrade had just finished a rather long day at the yard and had halfway invited himself to Victor’s house. Lestrade stood nervously at the door holding a bottle of scotch and knocked apprehensively. When Victor opened the door Greg nearly dropped the expensive liquid. “my god, what happened to you.” Lestrade said shocked as he took in the sight before him. One of Victor’s eyes was swollen but not bruised, he had cuts and deep scrapes across his face. Victor tried to smile but winced at the pain it brought, he stepped aside to welcome Greg in, “some lunatic attacked me as I came out of Tesco last night, slammed my head into the pavement a few times too.” Victor explained. Greg brought a gentle hand to the other man’s cheek and rubbed his thumb over one of the deeper cuts. “I otta choke the bastard” he whispered, “did they catch who it was?” Victor shook his head no and led Greg to the couch.
The days leading up to the trial passed like fading transitions of an ending movie credit; some moments seemed to drag while others were gone in a flash. They avoided talking about the trial at all costs, but it was inevitably brought up from time to time. When the London papers had made their way to Sherlock’s parents beautiful country home, it was a matter of hours before Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were at the doorstep of 221b.
“only if you want me to be…or if I can suck it off your fingers.” Sherlock said sleepily as he curled into John’s side. The doctor laughed good naturedly and kissed Sherlock’s forehead, that was still slightly damp with sweat.
" only if you're absolutely sure and won't push yourself past your limit. Baby you have done so well tonight." He said squatting to kiss his boyfriend.
John and Mrs. Hudson shared a small smile between them, “ you resonate with people Sherlock. Whether you believe it or not, you’re one of the good guys and people see that.”
"She flirted with you and gave you her number! You're my boyfriend john, seeing how desirable you are to other people isnt exactly appealing to me!"
It had been decided a long time ago that Lestrade decided not to correct Sherlock when he messed up his name. " her name was Emily Trevor"
Calling mycroft hadn't even crossed Johns mind. He was worried that he would be pissed at him for leaving Sherlock alone but that wasn't the concern right now.
It was one of those days that John only had to work half a day but it felt like he had been at the surgery a week. When he left he texted Sherlock and asked where he was and went to the address sent.
“and the doctor didn’t notice the problem and fill out a report? You were a minor your parents would have been notified.”
“sweetheart, here, let’s get a bit more comfortable.” John said kissing the top of the detective’s head. John sat in his chair and pulled Sherlock onto his lap. The tall man let his legs dangle over the chair and pulled himself close to John his head coming to rest on the top of the others man’s shoulder. John held him tightly, kissing him occasionally, and comforted him as he slipped into his mind palace.
"I'm not pitying you, I just care" John said softly as he continued to play with the tall mans hair.
The next day Sherlock was in great spirits, even eager to go to the trial. John was filled with more nerves than maybe any other day, worried Victor wouldn’t be charged appropriately or that Sherlock wouldn’t be believed. Sherlock met with his parents outside the courthouse, his mother doting on him with gentle touches and too many kisses. Mycroft smirked at his little brother squirming under the affection.
"Sherlock, I saw it the day you hurt your head. Believe me it's nothing to be ashamed of. Every one of your skin cells is absolutely beautiful."
Thank you for your patience, comments, kudos, bookmarks, and for just reading my work- It isn’t said lightly when I say It means so much to me. You all have fueled my love for writing that I feared had died out long ago, but now thrives more than ever. I said it in the bottom notes of the final chapter but I want to welcome you to ask ANY and ALL questions you have about this story. There may come a day when I decide to revisit these specific versions of Sherlock and John, but for now they, along with all of you all, will be lovingly tucked away in my heart and living out their days in peace at 221b Baker Street.
Sherlock nodded against John’s chest, " I shouldn't have said what I did either, and I'm sorry if it seems like I take you for granted but honestly John- I know how valuable you are and how lucky I am."
“this isn’t exactly normal though is it? Whoever set that bomb off had to enter down here from somewhere. Oh-do you even know where you are?” Sherlock asked
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
“more.” Came a low request from above him. If Sherlock wanted more, it was more he would get. John got off of him and grabbed the musicians hands, roughly pulling him off the couch.
“ okay, Sherlock why don’t you come with me and we can get everything set up in the audio room. John wait with Victor and show him where it is when he is finished with that last packet.” Lestrade said as he made his way through the small office and motioned for Sherlock to follow him. Sherlock gave one last glance at John who gave him a reassuring nod before he disappeared out of sight. John felt anger begin to rise in his body, knowing he was left in the room alone with the despicable human who still tortures his boyfriend’s subconscious everyday. John closed his eyes and took some more deep breaths. “Are you alright Dr.Watson?” Victor said his eyes looking directly into his as he took a step towards him. John took a step back, “Fine, just a long night ya know.” John said trying to remain very casual. Victor let a small smirk play on his lips, “Oh, I know. Something about violin music at three in the morning can really make for an unpleasant night’s sleep.” John’s blood ran cold. Holy shit, he really just said that to him. “ah yes, I’d imagine so.” John played dumb and Victor let it slide…for now. John led Victor down the hall to the room set up with audio equipment, the Yard mostly used this room for interrogations but when the opportunity presented itself it was used for regular interviews so that the detectives could review the information later and check if stories matched up. It was set up very similar to a small recording studio with a room for the interviewer and subject on the inside with a divided glass wall and a room for audio management and observation on the outside. “Sherlock do you want to ask the questions or should I?” Lestrade asked. “You, I’ll ask any I feel are needed but I think it’s best for me to observe for now.” Sherlock replied and they nodded in agreement. Lestrade asked all the very basic questions that you do for a missing person’s case and truthfully Sherlock had very little to add. The interview was much less intimidating than he had played out in his head and he felt a small rush of relief take over him that he didn’t have to interact very much with Victor. “was anything found or left at the scene where you last saw her?” Sherlock asked as the interview came to a close. “No, not that anyone could find anyway.” Victor replied and Sherlock turned his attention to Greg, “Who was on forensics that day?” Sherlock inquired “Anderson” Lestrade replied, earning an eye-roll from Sherlock, “I want to do my own sweep of the area.” Lestrade nodded and suggested they get to the scene before sundown, as it was about a half hour away by car and time was of the essence. Lestrade stood up and headed out the door, John stood to wait for Sherlock who let Victor leave the room first, leaving the two alone. “ how are you?” John asked as soon as they were out of earshot. Sherlock shrugged and kept walking past John, he didn’t want to be an arsehole but he couldn’t let his guard down right now. He couldn’t keep up with switching back and forth between being emotionally vulnerable with John and then his normal stoic self in the next room over with Victor and Lestrade. The choice was an easy one to make and he could only hope that John understood. Sherlock felt tired. Physically, mentally, emotionally…he was exhausted, and the day was barely half over.
Perhaps it would be seen as inappropriate but John couldn’t stop the smile that tugged at the corners of his mouth. He comfortingly caressed his thumb over Sherlock’s skin of their intertwined hands.
Not long had passed when Mrs. Hudson opened the downstairs door and Greg was soon entering their little flat.
“Oh, do you this week? You didn’t last week, I can never keep track,” Sherlock said sarcastically, and Greg’s mouth flattened into a thin line. “It’s the only way it will work.”
Hello darlings! I hope you all are enjoying this story! I love writing it, please comment and let me know what you think about it! Comments are like crack to me!
John had one arm wrapped around his lover’s waist and the other holding one of his hands. Victor exits the court room, a uniformed man at his side but distracted in conversation with another officer. John feels Sherlock tense under his hold and notices he doesn’t dare look in Victor’s direction- but not John. John stares challengingly at the abuser, a stare to cut glass and cold enough to cause a second ice age. But victor always did love a challenge; he leaned closer to the two men, glaring back at John, “ I can think of a better use for that pretty mouth than spewing all those lies to the jury.” He grinned menacingly. Although his eyes never left John’s, it was obvious the words were directed at Sherlock.
Please comment and let me know what you think and what you would like to see happen In the story! Thank you so much to everyone reading this story!
“ I was a soldier, Sherlock, you shouldn’t find it that surprising.” John said quietly as he moved the blankets off of them.
John wanted to ask the most redundant question of ‘are you okay?’ but he didn’t. Of course Sherlock wasn’t fucking okay and he didn’t have to put on a brave face and act like he was. John took a tentative step towards him and when Sherlock didn’t back away, he brought him into his arms. The detective body heaved with each sob. John was hurting, he would have to be a real sociopath not to, but he didn’t cry- he didn’t even feel like crying anymore. He was teetering between numbness and overwhelming anger, but it was all overshadowed by the need to comfort his boyfriend. “I…I didn’t know. I had no idea about-”
“ they should have come from the Paris police.” Lestrade’s tone had turned urgent, now feeling the pressure that he had the power to shift the verdict.
"Alright, thank you boys, we will need you to come down to the yard and fill out the paperwork." Lestrade said shaking John’s hand.
“for you to keep doing that with your hands.” The detective said breathily as he began to slowly grind himself into John’s thigh.
Sherlock had thought about this for a long time. He reached a hand behind him, taking hold of John’s cock and lined it up with his entrance.  John wrapped his strong hands under Sherlock’s thighs quickly and prevented him from sinking down, “whoa, whoa, whoa- what are you doing, love?” he asked, a look of concern taking over his face. Sherlock leaned down further and between kisses said, “I’m ready. I want to have sex with you, John.” He continued kissing him and frotting against his lover, desperate for friction “I’m ready. Please, I want you.”
Earlier in the bathroom Sherlock forced himself to throw up any remains of what was in his stomach before taking a shower. He heard John leave for work and anticipated his return.
John cleared his throat, “its nearly seven.” Something in him just snapped and he grabbed Sherlock’s bottom jaw between two fingers and bent down to stare into his eyes, “ listen to me. You are not wallowing in self-pity and if you are then snap out it because its not doing you any good. You’re hurt, vulnerable, scared, and even though you have no reason to be-your perhaps a bit ashamed or embarrassed. You’re human Sherlock. I know you hate to lower yourself to such a plebian level but like it or not that’s what you are. You’re not a sociopath and you know it. so it’s time to accept the reality, just for a little bit, that you feel something just like the rest of us. I know I will never be able to imagine what pain you may be feeling right now, and ill give it to you- you’ve done a damn good job of hiding it and passing it off this week. Your diversions don’t work with me anymore, I know you too well.”  He took a breath and released Sherlock’s jaw and crouched to his level, hands place on his knees, “ I love you more than life itself, and ill be damned I stand by and watch you destroy yourself…do you understand what I’m saying?”
When she moved away sherlock looked overwhelmed and closed his eyes. John walked her out, " ah, maybe none of my business but Sherlock told you he loved you."
“okay, I’ll be back within the hour.” He said giving Sherlock a quick kiss and heading out of the flat.
He soon retreated to his room. The bed was still freshly made with his clean sheets, the window held securely in place by the poster stick. He undressed and climbed into bed but not before checking the window and his closet. He felt pathetic that he was still scared with victor locked in jail. He lay restless under the covers; every small noise made his chest feel tight and his mind think the worst. He knew sleep would never come this way.
Sherlock took notice of John’s responses to his actions and was pleased to see there was no signs of disgust or judgement. He finished cleaning John’s come and left his own sprayed across John’s stomach and ribs. John grabbed a dirty shirt from the floor and wiped himself off, “not interested in your own?” he said half-jokingly.
"Yes! I'm trying to apologize it but you aren't letting me!" Sherlock was fighting back the tears that pricked his eyes.
" I laid out some films, pick out whatever one you think would bore you the least" John yelled as he walked to the door to pay the takeaway man.
They got off the floor and Sherlock quickly brushed his teeth and then followed john to the living room. John laid down on the sofa and held his arms out.
After retiring to the flat he took and shower and managed to calm his mind and nerves enough to function. His mind was still racing though and couldn't seem to stop. He reached in the fridge and grabbed a beer. He never drank but was desperate for some kind of release.
Sherlock nodded. he was still naked and freaking out on the inside, but his body didn't have to strength to show it on the outside.
Sherlock progressed to telling John about the events of today and when he came to the part where Victor tried to unbutton his shirt John closed his eyes and swallowed hard, preparing for the worst. He quickly was looking back at Sherlock when the dark-haired man told him of how he grabbed Victor’s wrist and told him not to touch him, demanding he leave. “you did that?” John said in mild disbelief, Sherlock nodded. John pulled Sherlock onto his lap and kissed him. John pulled away first “ so you all didn’t- I mean he didn’t” John stammered and Sherlock looked at him in confusion “The bedsheets.” John said clearing his throat. The realization struck Sherlock, “no, no. of course I didn’t, we didn’t. He didn’t rape me again, John. He did repulsive things that I wish he hadn’t, and I have no doubt that given a better opportunity he would force himself on me again, but no-he didn’t this time. I’m okay. I’m sorry that’s what you’ve been thinking for the last few hours.” Sherlock said draping his arms around John’s neck. John let out a long sigh of relief that he didn’t know he had been holding in. Sherlock explained the rest of what happened, not straying from detail.
Early the next morning John was dressed when Sherlock was just getting out of their bed. “where are you going?” his groggy morning voice questioned.
Moments later Sherlock was moaning John’s name loudly, as ropes of white shot onto his stomach and chest over John’s’ hand. Soon John was coming deep inside of Sherlock, filling him up. John went to pull out when Sherlock stopped him, “ stay, please, a little longer.” John hummed in response and readjusted their position so that he was spooning the taller man, his cock still buried in him. John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, petting his head “I love you.” He said sincerely with a kiss to his lovers’ neck. “I love you too.” Sherlock said hoarsely. “I’m so amazed by you.” John said into his neck.
The detective finally rolled off of his doctor after a gentle kiss. John watched carefully as Sherlock sank lower down the bed until he was lingering over John’s groin. The doctors eyes widened in both surprise and anticipation as Sherlock began licking over his skin to swallow the come that had been inside him moments ago.
John chuckled softly, “that’s not what I meant, but I don’t plan on stopping.” He replied with another firm squeeze to Sherlock’s backside. “what do you need from me so that I’m not hindering our relationship.”
I hope you all like this chapter! The next chapter after this one is going to be very very exciting for John and Sherlock!! Stay safe and healthy, lots of love <3
The look in Sherlock’s eyes shifted from lustful to pure love as he reached up to touch the mark with his delicate fingers. He kissed John hard and let himself be pushed against the tile wall of the shower. They teased one another until they had to wash up and get the morning started.
"Sherlock, he's alright." John looked up sadly, seeing as how the noise must have reminded the detective of his sexual experiences.
Sherlock nodded and continued to shine his light into different caverns. Many of the walls were covered with artwork and graffiti, some of it true pieces of art, others gang signs and silly writings and riddles. They came to a fork in their path and Billy directed them to the right side. Not long down the trail and they were up to their ankles in water. Sherlock had worn his normal dress shoes, not anticipating these conditions.
Johns morning passed the same, kids with upset stomachs, runny noses, and older teens faking to stay out of school. He waited in anticipation for  lunch, not only to get away from everyone but to check up on Sherlock to make sure he was okay. He felt awful about leaving him alone. Soon enough 1:30 hit and only minutes after his phone alerted him he had a text
"I ate this morning I'm not hungry, I'll sit with you though. I believe a new episode of Doctor Who comes on tonight." Sherlock said, hoping to avoid confrontation.
The taxi dropped him off about one fourth mile away from the location he was meeting Billy. The entrance they were taking was an old water drain that now ran under one of the main roads and had a ladder that descended about 65 feet below street level, dropping them straight into the underground labyrinth. The rain had begun to pour halfway through his walk, making visibility limited. He reached the spot a few minutes before 3 AM, the agreed meeting time. He waited in the downpour, unable to locate the entrance on his own. A hand grabbed his shoulder and he jumped. “Aye, it’s just me.” The voice spoke, bringing his flashlight to shine on his face revealing only Billy. “Ready to go?” he asked, and Sherlock nodded.
John was clenching his jaw to keep the lump in his throat from rising any further. Sherlock’s mother quietly shedding tears behind him made things no easier.
The two laid in bed holding one another for a little while longer before deciding to make the most of what was left of the day. Their first stop was to check on Emily. They walked into the hospital confidently, fingers intertwined. When they arrived outside of Emily’s door John hesitated, “should you go in first? I mean, she doesn’t know me-what if she doesn’t want to see people yet.” John said with unnecessary worry in his voice. Sherlock cupped his face and kissed him sweetly, “ it will be fine, she was in good spirits even last night.” Sherlock reassured him and led him into the room.
Greg couldn’t fight his curiosity off any longer, he downed the rest of his scotch and began to look through the drawers. There was an assortment of items, but a dark black velvet box caught his eye.  He opened up the box and saw a large, oddly shaped butt plug with a wire that extended from the base. There was cock ring and a set of nipples clamps that had the same kind of wire attached. “What are these?” he asked into the room. Victor walked out of his attached bathroom brushing his teeth, “what are what?” he mumbled through his toothpaste. “In this black velvet box” Lestrade said and Victor held up a finger, asking him to give him a moment. He spit into the sink and wiped his mouth on the towel before walking to where Greg stood by the cabinet. Victor smiles and took the plug out, “here wrap your hand around it.” Lestrade enclosed the object in his fist, not quite able to wrap his hand all the way around it. It was shaped like tiered squares, the corners rather sharp and defined. Greg could only imagine how unpleasant it was to have inside your body. “this set is one of my favorite things I own. I had it custom made my first year of university when I was dating s-…some bloke. “Victor pressed a button on the remote and Greg yelped and dropped the plug as an electric current shot through his hand. “damn, that hurt. You could have just told me what it did.” Greg reprimanded. Victor smiled, “it’s always better to experience. Plus, now I can spend all evening trying to make it up to you.” He said as he took Greg’s hand, he had just shocked and rested it on his ass that was only covered by his tight red briefs. Greg gave his ass a slight squeeze, “I feel bad for the guy who experienced that.” He laughed and Victor join in “he’s fine. plus, that was only the first level.” Greg’s eyes went wide, “how many levels are there? That, seriously, was painful.” Victor smirked, “ten. Now, let’s go to bed-I don’t want to be tired on our trip.” Greg shook his head and put the toys back before climbing into bed and wrapping his arms around Victor, drifting into a dreamless sleep.
"Ah, just being supportive and encouraging him to eat. Letting him know it's okay and it's the best thing for him."
“that’s fantastic, congratulations.” John hesitated a moment before clearing his throat and quickly looking around the room. “listen, Emily, I know we just met but I want to say this now in case I don’t have to opportunity to at a later time. And I’d prefer if Sherlock didn’t know I said this either.” He laughed and Emily nodded but kept an attentive look on her face. “I want to thank you. I want to thank you for how you cared for Sherlock back then, but most importantly for what you’ve done for him recently. I’m ashamed to say it now, but I didn’t want him to take this case. I didn’t care if you were never found if it meant he didn’t have to relive and replay some of the emotions he’s had to in the past few weeks. He always told me you shouldn’t pay the consequences for your brothers’ actions. Your case has given him some of the most difficult moments but also some of the best. You gave him something to fight for, and in that fight, he has had many victories over things that may have haunted him forever. Thank you for being a person worth fighting for.” John was finishing as tears glazed over Emily’s eyes “ and if you still need a place to do your residency, I would be honored to have you work alongside of me at Barts.”
“I don’t know. I’ve always said the concept of virginity is a social construct, that there really isn’t anything sacred about it unless you create it. But that’s what I think, not what I feel. I feel like something was robbed from me. And now I feel like it’s been taken from John too. I’ve never been one for rose petals on the bed, but a moment like that with someone you love…I’d be lying if I said it doesn’t hold an appeal. I wish my first time I hadn’t been held down so hard I was left with bruises and tearing. And all the times after that.” Tears pricked the back of his eyes, but he didn’t dare let one fall. Emily nodded in understanding. “I don’t know why I’m telling you all this.”
John’s mouth quirked into a smile, “ it’s a bit complicated, but I suppose eating disorders and recovery is. I can get him to eat most days, never anything much but he is making progress. I have noticed though… when he’s overwhelmed with emotion or when he’s upset, his first defense mechanism is to refuse food. He fights me about it much more than usual during those times. I’ve been letting it slide during those moments, but I fear with this case just beginning it will be an uphill battle to keep him fed.”
“yeah we know. Not from the explosion, but this is Emily Trevor she’s been missing for almost two weeks, kidnapped, from London. She needs to be examined.” Sherlock told the young man, who had taken Emily by the arm and was leading them down the tunnel he came from.
Hello darlings! I hope you all are enjoying this story! I love writing it, please comment and let me know what you think about it! Comments are like crack to me!
I'm terribly bored, and would rather be with you, but you can't really come home for that reason, so I yes I'm fine.- SH
John clenched his fists at his side and turned around to face his boyfriend, " I don't really want to kiss an ashtray."
John sat quiet and just stared at Mycroft for a minute. He wanted to find Victor, track him down and kill with his own hands. He felt sorry for Sherlock, wanted to hold him and make everything better. He was surprised to learn Sherlock liked him more than a flat mate and friend and he felt awful knowing he was the reason Sherlock was starving himself.
The feeling of John’s mouth, hot and wet- mixed with suction and scandalous teases of tongue was begging to grow too much for Sherlock to handle. His chest was heaving and his skin was glistening with sweat. “mmmm, John…” it was meant to be a warning, one John chose to ignore. “ please… I don’t want this to be over.” He panted, and groaned in pleasurable agony when John only bobbed his head faster. Right as the white hot heat blazed within his abdomen John pulled off, ruining the orgasm that was impending. Sherlock grabbed the pillow adjacent to his head and pulled it over his face, muffling the sound of his frustrated and incredibly aroused groan. “damn you, John….” When he heard John chuckle above him he wasn’t sure whether to be annoyed or find humor in it. His cock was achingly hard and throbbing, sensitive from John’s ruthless teasing and denied relief. He removed the pillow from his face he smiled at John, who was staring at him from the end of the bed. “ why on earth are you still clothed?” he asked, letting his head fall back and reaching to take himself in hand.
John’s eyes opened and a small smile played on his lips as he saw Sherlock facing him, cradling his face in one of his delicate hands. “hi” he whispered, turning his head to kiss Sherlocks palm. “Is it time to get up?” he asked confused. Sherlock shook his head, “No, it’s only half past two. I just couldn’t sleep; I didn’t mean to wake you.” Sherlock replied, matching John’s’ tone of voice. “That’s alright I don’t mind. Do you need to talk about anything, or could you just not sleep?” John inquired; sincerity evident in his voice. Sherlock tensed slightly, “just couldn’t sleep.” John moved to lay flat on his back and adjusted the blankets a bit before he moved one of his arms away from his body, “come here” John said, a silent invitation for Sherlock to lay his head on the doctor’s chest and cuddle. Sherlock happily placed his head on John’s pectoral and draped an arm over his torso, sighing in total contentment.
John came home to a silent flat. Sherlock wasn't in the kitchen or the living room, that only left the bedrooms and bathroom.
John glanced over at Sherlock, first with confused eyes but the longer he looked at Sherlock the more it became evident that John had caught on, even before Lestrade-but that wasn’t all that shocking. “Victor.” John said in an almost whisper. “you think Victor took her.” John said louder and Sherlock nodded, “very good John.”
Under the city, Emily was fast asleep in Sherlock’s lap. The detective had drifted in and out of consciousness over the last hour but more often found himself thinking of how happy he would be to once again be in John’s arms. How he would never take for granted the small touches, the kisses, the pet names, and the warm embraces that John seemed to never run out of. He had come face to face with the world’s most dangerous criminals, but nothing scared him more than being out of his depth like he was now. Suddenly there was a sizzling noise, it continued for a few seconds. Sherlock began diving into his memory of noises that could sound similar-rattlesnakes, pressurized gasses, fireworks—explosives. The detective shook Emily’s shoulder roughly and called her name, there was no time to be gentle. She startled awake, “what, what is it?” Sherlock was quick to shush her and listened again. He stood up quickly and drug her to the back part of the small cavern they were in. He pressed her against the wall and let his body tower over hers. Emily was confused and visibly worried but didn’t dare say a word. In a split second there was a blinding flash of light, a deafening loud noise, and the smell of heat and flammable compounds filled the air. They both coughed, choking on the stagnant hot air. Above them some of the sediment begin to shake and Sherlock broadened his stance, “Cover your head!” Emily did as he asked, and he did the same. Rocks and large chunks of the ceiling crashed around them, parts of the walls cracked and crumbled.
John cleared his throat, obviously uncomfortable with the topic of their future sex life or lack of one being discussed with their landlady. " ms.Hudson, I am terribly sorry we woke you, won't happen again. Good night." He stood and escorted her to the steps.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
"Oh, my apologies. I didn't know you all were together. God I feel so stupid, sherlock I didn't know that he was taken and especially not by you. I would have never- if I knew that-"
He ran to Sherlocks side and lifted him up, the only time Sherlock being so light came in handy. There was a car waiting and he placed him in.
John made dinner- Sherlock didn't eat. John watched tv- Sherlock didn't join him. The doctor grew frustrated when Sherlock lit yet another cigarette and closed his book a little harder than necessary. " right, I'm going to bed before I get secondhand smoke." John retorted and walked towards the stairs.
Before Lestrade could slip his tongue into Victor’s mouth, the other man pulled back “so what did you want to ask me?” he said taking a sip of his drink. Greg cleared his throat, “I’ve got a few days off coming up and there isn’t much more I can do on your sisters’ case that my staff and Sherlock aren’t already doing. Anyway, I booked a trip to Paris a few months ago, just as a little getaway and was wondering if you would maybe want to tag along?” Lestrade fidgeted with his fingers slightly, nervous that he wasn’t convincing. Victor was taken aback but was soon on top of him, “yes, I’d love to.” Lestrade held Victor’s cheek, “really? You’re sure it’s not too soon, I mean we have only just really started getting to know one another…” Victor kissed him and mumbled, “I’m sure. When do we leave?” he asked. “tomorrow… sorry for the short notice but I just couldn’t get up the courage to ask you until tonight. I actually have my baggage in the car…I was hoping you wouldn’t mind if I stayed the night.” Greg said with a shy smile and victor couldn’t hide the excitement that showed itself on his face. “yes, please stay. You can help me pack.” Victor removed himself off of the DI and extended his hand to him, leading him to his bedroom.
Greg had called Victor on the way there and he was quick to meet him at the station. Lestrade explained that he had to go check up on the same case as earlier and that John could answer any questions he had about the forms. Lestrade made quick work of leaving the station and making his way to Sherlock’s location.
John returned not long after Sherlock had come home and was greeted by what looked like a tipsy detective but was really just a very tired one.
John looked puzzled but he didn’t press the topic any further. John finished up and took Sherlock’s robe, hanging on the back hook of the door. He laid down with the detective, bringing the blankets over them and laying an arm over Sherlock’s small frame.
A few members of the police force helped escort them inside the building as others controlled the crowd. Emily and her parents were the first to be noticed by Sherlock. She caught a glimpse of Sherlock and ran to him throwing her arms around his neck and kissing his cheek before doing to same to John. Mr. and Mrs. Trevor walked cautiously towards the couple and their daughter. Sherlock held his breath and John chewed the inside of his bottom lip out of nervous habit. “Sherlock, it’s been so long. We wish we were seeing one another under happier occasions.” Mr. Trevor spoke clearly in his deep voice. Sherlock could only nod. “ we want to thank you for saving our daughter, we owe you so much. And…we are deeply troubled to find out about…well-” Mrs. Trevor stumbled through her words. “you’re welcome. You were always kind and welcoming to me. I know this time can’t be easy for you.” Sherlock spoke eloquently and with compassion, taking even John by surprise. They parted ways and John and Sherlock watched as friends and family began pouring through the doors. Sherlock’s parents came first, then Mycroft who reluctantly took the days off to support and testify on behalf of his little brother, Lestrade came next, then Molly and Anthea, even Anderson and Donovan.
"It's 4 things sherlock, I know you can handle it. If you want to send Mycroft flowers I'm sure he would appreciate them. Okay I need to go" John dropped a kiss to sherlocks head and made his way down the steps, then left.
Sherlock was already headed downstairs and stepping under the spray when John reached the kitchen to turn the kettle onto the ‘warm’ setting.
The man below him refused to look at him. "Please leave. I can finish by my self thanks, this has been embarrassing enough."
Sergeant Bradshaw got up from his own seat and took a step towards the detective, his voice lowered, “actually, what your telling me is quite shocking and I’m attempting to have some compassion for you but if you want me to handle this like your any other person-fine, that’s just what I’ll do.” He glared, all niceties dismissed as he sat back down and picked up his pen. “who are the other two individuals who can speak to these claims?” he asked
They meticulously descended the ladder, careful not to slip on their wet shoes that pressed against the old thin metal bars. When they reached the bottom Billy marked their location on a highly advanced navigational system. This device would be their way of tracking where they had been and ultimately how to get back to an exit.  They walked in silence for several minutes until Billy spoke out.
