and Sherlock has never felt so grateful. He’s not sure he would have felt confident enough to bridge that gap, but John, as ever, has courage enough for both of them.
John’s thumbs stroke his cheekbones slowly, tongue darting out to wet his lips, “I thought about it, too. I lay in bed, wondering how such a boring man as me could ever be worthy of your unlimited attention. I thought about ways to become more interesting, ways to remain mysterious enough to keep you invested. I fell asleep certain you’d asked me to move out the next day.”
Rosie is completely oblivious to his staring and continues to bang two toys together happily, but John feels like it’s much harder to breathe all of a sudden. He can’t go away for six months. He just got here, he just came home, just found his way back to Sherlock. He doesn’t want to go, doesn’t want to have to wake up alone in bed for six bloody months. Not now that he knows what it feels like to have Sherlock’s body pressed against his every morning. He needs this, needs to have him close all the time.
One day, I might even be able to talk to you about it, too. I want to be able to tell you about the scars lining my back and sides. About how they came to be and what the lasting consequences of them are. How, when a Serbian was beating me senseless one afternoon, I realised that, right then, I might die without ever having seen your face one last time, and I wept to myself.
You absolute tosser. Don’t move. I’m coming over. And I’ll never say “no” to you. You should know that by now, you idiot.
baggage. When you’re not here, I’m not myself. God knows I never thought it possible, but I’m lonely and miserable and - and untethered somehow. It makes no sense for you not to be here with me. I don’t understand the point of it at all.”
The next morning, John had surveyed the damage, hands on his hips, questions on his tongue. He knew better than to ask them, instead sweeping the mess and storing the offending instrument under the kitchen sink, a place he knew Sherlock never had need to go, in their old life terming all the harmless household cleaning supplies kept there
John glares at him, but he’s unable to stop smiling, too. They all get into the house and go directly into the dining room where the table is already set.
They stay that way for fifteen or so minutes, not saying anything, just relaxing and reveling in each other’s company. Sherlock can’t quite wrap his head around the fact that it has only been little over two weeks that they’ve been
As soon as his eyes pop open the next morning, Sherlock reaches for his phone once again. This time, it takes a couple more rings before John picks up.
That hardly seems like it’d go down well, after all the effort John put into everything. He allows twenty minutes to pass in the same way before his phone buzzes.
“Sherlock,” John interrupts, “Do you truly think I’d have gotten a bloody tattoo if I didn’t mean forever?”
he knows that nothing would have come from it, but trying would have been better than giving up. Anything would have been better than that, surely. Giving up meant that even he, the great Sherlock Holmes, couldn’t offer a shred of hope.
Anything that has a surface can’t be disturbed without the consequence of filth bouncing up as though from a trampoline. What the dust hasn’t destroyed, the sun and wind has. Tatters and debris settle over the entire ground floor. This isn’t the place they once knew. That place doesn’t exist anymore.
“I do. Maybe if I didn’t have you or the idea of you niggling at the back of my mind at every godforsaken hour I’d be able to get on with my life a little bit.”
He decides to switch gears: “I’ve got a case on, actually. Lestrade just called. Sounds promising. A seven, maybe an eight.”
Sherlock sighs, “I thought I knew the answer to that. I thought coming here would make it easier to be absolutely certain.”
. We really have to do it. This place needs to be livable at some point. We can’t just have boxes in the middle of the living room.”
Sherlock remains deadly still in the middle of the living room when John walks past him, legs shaking with the effort. He doesn’t linger longer than necessary, grabbing clothes and toiletries, and throwing it all inside his suitcase. He doesn’t cast a single look towards Sherlock on his way out, too afraid of what he might do.
“I never said that. All I said was that I’ve asked you not to go. The decision, ultimately, is up to you, of course. God forbid anybody ever ask the great Sherlock Holmes to do something he doesn’t want to do. Nobody has that right, yeah?”
John leans to kiss him, softly, slowly, “I don’t have to, we can discuss this,” he murmurs. “I could always come back for the weekends.”
The confession is barely a whisper in the already quiet room, lingering between them as if to stay there indefinitely.
John rubs his thumb along the palm of Sherlock’s hand and even that small sensation causes electricity to seem to run along his spine. John must sense the shift too, because his pupils widen (just a fraction, but he’s Sherlock Holmes so he notices and files it away for later inspection) and he licks his lips.
Sherlock smiles at him, a bright smile making it all so easy again. The rest of the flight passes strangely quickly. John finds a movie or two, Sherlock falling asleep next to him in the middle of the first one. He doesn’t wake until John is shaking him for the landing, then he remains half out of it until they have to stand and go. John grabs his hand and takes care of getting their luggage back, leading Sherlock down hallways and exits until they’re out in the cold air.
Sherlock isn’t speaking anymore, simply nodding. John can feel his eyes on him all the way to the drawer and back to bed. The toy is still in its box, and even though John knows this one will please Sherlock a lot, he’s still a bit nervous as he opens it. Sherlock gasps at the sight of the long, curved toy, and John can feel his cock hardening already.
A couple of days ago, Sherlock had experienced the same feeling when he had gone with John to fetch Rosie from her daycare. They had gotten there a little bit early, when the children were still packing up for the day. He’d looked through the window of the little classroom and, when he spotted Rosie’s blonde curls, he felt such an intense reaction that he couldn’t even begin to explain. She was tidying up some toys (actually, in fairness to the exasperated teacher, she looked to be more interested in playing with them just then) and she had a huge smile on her beautiful face, the same smile John sometimes displayed that made Sherlock want to melt. When they had finally opened the door to collect her, she had looked up to see Sherlock in the doorway and had toddled over as quickly as her little legs could carry her with her eyes bright and her arms open and had practically jumped into his arms when he bent down to pick her up. That tiny gesture had played on his mind all of that evening and the next day, too. In such a simple action, Rosie had made him realise that he was welcome, somehow. Not only in John’s life, but in hers, too. And that was something he had been worried about. He couldn’t help but compare himself to the mother-sized hole left by Mary and he knew he would never be able to be that for her. He wanted more than anything to find a place in their lives, but he wasn’t sure what that would be.
He’s about to leave. He’s about to go and leave Sherlock behind for six months. He’s about to put at risk the only good thing that has ever happened in his life,
John forces himself to breathe out slowly, “Nothing. I just… wanted to check if everything was alright?”
John grins, seemingly grateful for the break in the reflectful musings. “Hey, don’t push it,” he winks. “And for the record, even though, on paper, I’ve had this before, I’ve also not exactly had
Silence, uncomfortable and thick, falls back up between them. John closes his eyes for a brief second. So that’s it then, they are no longer a
Sherlock looks up at him, his emotions so raw and out in the open that it takes all of John’s breath away.
John hangs up before he can make a fool of himself, staring at the phone in his hand for a long moment afterward. He does nothing to prevent the bright laughter escaping him, nor about the sudden warmth filling his chest.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, walking to him and stopping barely a few centimetres away. John licks his lower lip nervously, the proximity doing all kinds of things to his mind.
There is little John can do before he’s being dragged inside by Mrs Hudson’s strong grip around his arm. She doesn’t give him a chance to talk, all but pushing him up the stairs while rambling about biscuits and tea.
I want to begin life, even at my age, even with my inexperience. I want to leap and for somebody to catch me. I want to learn what it is to touch and be touched, not out of obligation, but out of
“Nothing,” Sherlock eventually replies indignantly, shutting his laptop and pulling all his papers into a messy pile on the coffee table. He turns his attention to Rosie to shift the vibe. “Hello, little Watson. How are you today?” he asks as she toddles over to the couch and tries to climb up.
He uses the key he never got to give Sherlock back and carefully avoids Mrs Hudson’s flat. His legs becoming heavier with each step, John gathers the rest of his courage to knock and almost - almost - doesn’t flinch when Sherlock opens. They remain there, standing without talking, for a long moment, and it’s only when Sherlock takes a step back that John remembers he’s supposed to go in.
Once John enters 221B, Sherlock is very nearly sweating through his jacket, too, but he ignores it in favour of deducing the man before him: well rested, slightly nervous, freshly shaven, date shoes, jacket slightly crumpled where Rosie had been held -
I worry about you, and leaving London doesn’t mean I’m suddenly not interested in your life or well-being. I’m sorry if I haven’t called; I guess I was busy with Rosie and trying to find my place in Bill’s home.
He breathes in slowly, trying to think of all the right words to make the case sound more interesting. “A board member of the Bank of London contacted us about missing money. He found some emails but can’t seem to be able to get the information he wants from them. He thinks they might be encrypted. He needs our help to find out what those emails are about so that he can bring proof to the other board members.”
Before there is anything Sherlock can do, John is right up against him, mouth hungry and warm against his. It takes another second or so before Sherlock can react and for a long moment there is only heat and passion. Sherlock’s hand travels up and down John’s body as if to learn it again, searching for any changes to commit to memory.
Sighing, John gets to his feet, padding to the small kitchen to get a glass of water. Keeping the lights off, he searches the cupboard for a glass, hitting his foot against a sharp angle and cursing out loud. He’s still jumping in place when sudden brightness forces his eyes closed, cursing again.
Sherlock stares at him for long seconds, barely breathing and his hands pressed against John’s lower back. When he finally moves, sliding closer and breathing out loudly against his lips, John realises he never wants to stop telling this brilliant man just how much he loves him.
John, on the other hand, has a kind of all-access pass to Sherlock’s life. He knows Sherlock’s family, a lot of his past, and more of his wounds than Sherlock is comfortable with anyone knowing, even John. The biggest thing he has, though, is Sherlock’s very heart. Through loving John, Sherlock has learnt to be soft and vulnerable and open. He has learnt that sentiment is
They end up kissing a lot more right there, wrapping paper getting in the way and making them both laugh like the happy idiots we are, John says directly against Sherlock’s lips. As expected, they are forced to shower and get ready really fast, being late for lunch already. Still, they manage to get inside the car thirty-seven minutes later than planned.
Sherlock smiled and shifted to rest his feet against John’s side, tucking his hands underneath his cheek.
“Yes, of course it was,” Sherlock says simply, giving John’s arm a small squeeze as they turn into their final block.
They stare at each other for long seconds, John finding he can’t move anymore. He wants to kiss him again, to peel all of Sherlock’s clothes off of him and discover all of him once more. Sherlock must be able to read his every thought, and he takes a step back, reaching for Rosie and clearing his throat, “I’ll take her down to Mrs Hudson.”
“I did, yes, in some way. It was never the same, though,” John breathes deeply through his nose, clearly struggling to let the words out. It’s never easy to speak in retrospect where the dead are concerned, Sherlock knows. “It couldn’t ever have been the same as the way I felt about you. I was completely gone on you, Sherlock, and, as terrible as this sounds, she was a poor substitute. But I did love her, and I made sure to honour the commitment I’d made to her and to our unborn child. And then. And then… Well, you know.”
Cold canned beans for breakfast on every day ending in Y. To Sherlock, it all tastes like grime, anyway. John finds comfort in the utilitarian diet, having endured similar conditions during his time in service. Comfort has to be found in every situation, he reminds himself. Half a glass of water to wash it all down. On Wednesdays, John only drinks a quarter, saving the remainder for when they arrive back home, like a treat after an arduous exercise.
Sherlock exhales loudly, the promises of many more kisses dancing on his face. Things become easier after that, Sherlock opening up more and more, especially after a third glass of rosé. John watches him get tipsy over the main meal, and then properly drunk over dessert. He can’t help but smile, remembering the last time Sherlock was drunk and how close he had come to letting it all out then.
I’m not saying I can explain what happened Saturday - I’m not sure I fully understand it yet, but I think we both know what the real issue was. We were trying too hard, Sherlock. I was so scared, so very afraid of ruining everything that suddenly I didn’t know how to act around you. For God’s sake, I didn’t even kiss you. You were there, at the bloody train station and you were so damn beautiful, and I didn’t even kiss you. Oh trust me, I wanted to. That’s all I could think of while we drove to Bill’s place, but I had no idea how. Could I just reach for your hand, pull you closer and seal our lips? I knew I was allowed to, you told me in your letters you wanted it just as much, but I couldn’t move.
“Well, I’ve never had anything like this before. Relationships. Love. Sex, even. I’ve never done this. I’m not sure I even know how.”
It’s not until late at night that it usually happens. Sherlock can see the signs, of course, with a mix of excitement and anticipation building up all day. He catches John looking at him for long minutes, watches him getting lost in his own head once or twice, but doesn’t say a word about any of it. He knows by the time Rosie will be asleep and they’ll retreat to the living room that John will be brave enough for the two of them and say whatever needs to be said. And so he waits. Patiently, or at least as patiently as he possibly can. He locks himself in his Mind Palace, the one or so method he has found to pass time a little faster while trapped in 221B.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, breathing heavily, his eyes searching John’s face like he did so many times in the past. John knows what he wants to understand, knows what he wants to do right this very second. His body acts before his brain can catch up, hands rising from the sand to Sherlock’s face, most likely itching against his skin, but there isn’t a trace of complaint in Sherlock’s eyes.
The noise of something breaking downstairs brings him back to reality, his head spinning even more with the realisation of how he truly came to wake up in his old bed. He vaguely recalls the first few drinks, definitely not the last ones. He’s not sure how he managed to get to Baker Street, and a sharp pain in his skull reminds him why he hasn’t gone back to his own flat. He massages the wound softly, memories of Sherlock taking care of him in his drunken state coming back one by one.
“Then what do you propose we do? I can’t stay here if I know that this is what you’re going through.”
“Even so,” John replies, bumping Sherlock’s shoulder with his. “I could have make us something nice.”
A long moment passes without either of them saying anything. They don’t move, staying pressed together and exchanging quiet kisses now and again. John wishes they could remain this way forever. He wishes they never have to talk about this again, never have to even think of being apart.
And yet, walking out of Bart’s, John finds himself heading towards Baker Street. He doesn’t stop until he’s staring at the bright 221, breaths coming short and his heart hammering in his ears. He has no business being here. Sherlock let him come on the case only because he had called. He would have gone alone, gotten stuck in the middle of nowhere alone, solved it alone.
Sherlock turned back onto his back, his hand finding John’s somewhere in between them, the thought of them not touching each other in some part not sitting right with him.
- through the door of 221, they can barely get up the stairs, their hands here, there and everywhere on each other. It feels as though if they stop, something terrible might happen. There’s hunger and ever-present longing that Sherlock knows will finally reach its end tonight. Once they’re on the landing, they turn to each other and kiss, tongues meeting halfway in desperation. Sherlock pulls away just far enough to murmur “Upstairs” and they make their way to John’s old room, meeting for kisses every few steps, the tension and heat almost tangible in the thick air that follows them.
He feels so utterly sated, content and full of peace here in this moment, between John’s sheets. In a flicker, he remembers that they’re not John’s sheets - not anymore - and he feels momentarily lost, like the sadness of the fact that John is going to go home and leave him here alone once again just can not be true. John, of course, notices immediately.
John licks his lips, trying to find the right words, trying to put sense into what he feels like he should do. “I have to, Sherlock. I can’t miss an opportunity like this one. This job could be everything I need, you know. It’ll be here, close to home, and I’ll get to be in charge, to make sure things are done well.”
“I love you, fuck, I love you,” John pants, eyes fixed on Sherlock’s face and committing everything to memory.
They remain still for a moment until Rosie starts to pull on Sherlock’s leg, reaching for him with both arms when they look down. Sherlock quickly leans down to pick her up, kissing her cheek softly and smiling at John. “We should go out for lunch.”
I should start by saying this isn’t the first letter I’ve written you, but I intend to give this one. Or least try. That’s not my strongest suit: trying. Would you believe me if I told you that I came twice to Baker Street, envelope in hand, but never managed to drop it off? I think Mrs Hudson saw me once, probably wondered why I wasn’t ringing the bell or simply going in. But I’m thinking she might have figured it out somehow because she never asked me to come in. Never forced me to go up those stairs and give you the damn letter once and for all.
Hi Sherlock. Look, I didn’t want to do this over the phone, but I’m sorry about last night. It shouldn’t’ve happened. I was drunk. So were you. Let’s chalk it up to piss-poor decisions, yeah? Let’s forget about it. I don’t want anything between us to change. I’m sorry.
The tears are rolling down his cheeks freely now, and he can hear John’s sympathetic sigh on the other end.
“You kissed me,” Sherlock blurts out, leaving no time for John to reply before continuing, “ and that means I can kiss you, too.”
It’s probably stupid and maybe even quite old-fashioned, but John needs to feel useful, needs to be the one providing for Rosie’s toys, for their food, for their daily life.
to tide them over and tether them to each other, still, through the dust and the arguments and the seemingly perpetual silence. Cancerous almost in its prolonged and intense nature. It made their feelings a dirty, shameful thing.
you. I feel… This thing between us, it just grows and grows and I almost feel empty without you. Like there’s something missing and only you know what it is.
John is silent, patient. Where Sherlock was maddened energy, he was always able to lay in wait, a lioness waiting for her moment to strike.
“Mycroft. Good to see you’re smarmy as ever. I like that about you. Always reliable,” Sherlock retorts.
John can’t do anything else but listen, looking at his hands on Sherlock’s torso, raising with each new inhale. He’s not sure how long it takes him to regain some control over his own lungs, the two of them barely a feet apart. Memories of the feeling of Sherlock’s hair between his fingers just a few days before come back to him then, making it impossible to move away.
He’s uncertain as to how to move forward. John had said he doesn’t expect anything in return but, if Sherlock can give it -
The words are spoken directly against his neck, and John doesn’t suppress the shiver running up his spine.
“What else could there be?” John replies, closing the door behind him, heart sinking inside his chest.
“I want you to think about three of those fears or doubts or questions, and tell them to me. I’ll do the same and tell you.”
Where are you? Are you alright? Mary said you’d only had minor respiratory issues, but nothing long-term. I’m going to find out who did this, John.
Truth is, I apparently can’t even take care of anyone anymore. I left before ruining our friendship for good, and now that I read your letters, I realise I’m only making it worse. I wish I could still be the person you can rely on, the person who you value more than drugs. I wish I could make you understand just how brilliant you already are. I wish I could explain how reading that last paragraph of your letter made me want to…
Now, though, that’s all moot. John moved in shortly after it began, at first using the fact that his apartment was in a less populated area with fewer buildings, offering no protection from the winds. Sherlock hadn’t argued - hadn’t said much at all, just indicated that the room upstairs was, as ever, free. Now that the winds so clearly don’t discriminate, they have no excuses to fall back on. Not that they’ve tried to. It is what it is, and this is the comfortable territory that is well-worn beneath their fingertips; the spaces between words, the spaces where words should come.
Perhaps a visit to a friend that owes him a favour would be more suitable. He downs the now-cold tea that Mrs Hudson left for his breakfast hours ago and rushes downstairs, putting his coat on as he storms through the door. When there’s a puzzle to explore, every inch of him comes to life. Not even cocaine can make him feel this way. (Only John can really make him feel this way, he realises abashedly and pushes it down;
It takes them another thirty minutes to get out of bed, having by then decided on cupcakes. Sherlock insists on helping, and so they get started, together.
“Wait, John. Just. I need to say these things, and I need you to wait until I’ve finished saying them, or I might lose my nerve. Okay?”
Their chuckles soon override the sound of the telly, booming in the sitting room as the sun sets outside.
Look, John, I’ve been thinking about it and… You know I never apologise and I abhor repeating myself but… I just wanted to say… Maybe I should’ve told you about my “in the sugar” theory before I tried to drug you. That’s all.
Uh, hi Sherlock. It’s John. Obviously. Right. Anyway, just wondering if we have eggs at the flat or if I need to buy a couple. Making breakfast for Sarah in the morning. If we don’t have eggs, call me. If we do, call me. Just. Call me.
If you want me to stop writing, if you want me to stop being part of your life entirely, if it can help you, you only have to say so. I’ll understand. We both need to work on our own demons. Bill invited me to anonymous meetings, he’s a mentor there and he said I could come if I wanted to. It’s mostly soldiers who’ve been struggling after being sent back home, but Bill said it could help with the anger I feel all the bloody time. I’m hoping it will allow me to find out how to be the man who deserves to be your friend again. I’m going to try, Sherlock. I’m going to try and find a way to put an end to this constant mix of emotions I feel.
John continues to play with his hair softly, thumbs tracing the lines from his temple to his nose, down to his lips and up again. He lets it all show, all the feelings he kept at bay for so long. Sherry lock is allowed to see now, it’s safe. He’s safe here, wrapped around Sherlock in the softness of a bed that’s now theirs.
. How I wish I could lean in when a charming man goes to kiss me without the primitive part of my brain convincing me that, if I kiss him back, I’m betraying you and the fake relationship I’ve built up in my mind.
And it will probably make me angry, and I’ll probably wish I could find all those people who hurt you, but I also have to accept that what’s done is done. All I can do now is ensure that I’ll be there the next time you need me. If you ever need me again.
Fuck. I don’t even know why I’m writing this letter. You’ve ignored all of my texts and calls, why would it be different with this?
“Don’t,” Sherlock says. “We already agreed not to dwell on the past. What’s done is done; none of us can change it. No matter how much we regret it now. I always suspected that you hadn’t really forgiven me, not with how I tricked you into it. Not my brightest moment.”
He knows John won’t mind, he’s amazingly surprising in this way, which Sherlock will probably never truly understand. But that’s alright, he’s stopped trying a long time ago now. He prefers spending his time trying to memorise all of John these days, especially since John took that step forward and kissed him in the middle of the bloody kitchen. With all the time on their hands, he’s been able to catalogue quite a lot already. And if tonight proves to be what he imagines, then he’ll have brand new information to digest and sort out for the next few days.
It has nothing to do with being loyal, or being over-sentimental. It’s reasonable thinking. What I did was wrong, and I will spend the rest of my life blaming myself for it.
“I’ve paid the driver to take our luggage to Baker Street; Mrs Hudson is waiting there,” Sherlock explains when they’re both out. “That way I can do this.”
“I didn’t exactly see Mrs Hudson, she just pushed me up the stairs, really,” John says, unable to stop smiling. “And I didn’t really have the time to talk to Lestrade before he forgot us in Slough.”
He feels Sherlock smile into the kiss, pressing in just a little longer before letting go. “I love you too, John.”
Without disrupting their kiss, he grabs Sherlock under his arse and lifts them both up to standing. Before Sherlock can so much as protest, he turns them around and lowers him onto his chair, lowering himself in the process and not stopping until his knees hit the ground. He unties the string of sherlock’s pyjama pants and pulls them down, along with his pants, in one swift motion.
When John is finally buried deep inside of Sherlock, he lets out a little puff of air and leans down to capture Sherlock’s mouth in his, never breaking apart for more than a few seconds until they finally both climax almost soundlessly, emotion pouring right out of their mouths and bodies into the other’s, Sherlock’s hands in John’s hair and John’s hands on Sherlock’s chest.
“Oh no, dear,” Mrs Hudson exclaims during their fight. “I hope you now communicate with each other at the very least.”
Sherlock's hands are grasped around his shirt, holding tightly against him, "Home," he says, his voice breaking into a sob, and John presses his own lips against his face.
John is a ghost of what once belonged to him, all those years ago, before he had to leave. The hardest part for Sherlock is knowing that they will never be able to capture what they had and lost - or lost before they ever had it, actually. He isn’t sure that it means that they shouldn’t try, though.
John lets out another sigh. “I know. It’s too bloody far from here, from you. I don’t even know what I’ll do there. Julian said I could stay at his place, but still, I’m no-”
You see, it was fake. I always knew, you know. That you didn’t love me back. How could you? You had girlfriends and then Mary and your life. And I’m the reason that’s all gone. I’m so terribly sorry for all of it and I know you are, too.
Sherlock’s eyes are back on him immediately, sharp and studying. John lets him see it all. He doesn’t need a drink tonight, nor any night from now on. He is not going to let alcohol get in the way of this. Never again.
“What’s on your mind, love?” he breathes directly against Sherlock’s lips. He brushes their noses together again, both hands now sliding up and down Sherlock’s back in slow movements. “You can tell me, you know that right? You can tell me anything.”
When John arrives at three minutes to seven, he runs down the stairs two at a time to greet him at the door, leaving all pretenses back at the window of the flat. He yanks open the door like a boisterous child but then suddenly feels a little bit shy and exposed. John’s entire face lights up, though, his hand with the key in it paused midway to where the lock would be.
“Yes,” John smiles, his finger tracing Sherlock’s lower lips. “You were all I could focus on. I didn’t listen to a single word people said, I was too busy listening to you. Sherlock, you had me from the very moment you took my phone and read my whole life story from it.”
Didn’t you penetrate Shlto? Or did he pentetrate you? Do you prefer to penetrate or be penetratded? I must admit I’d probably prefer to be penetrated by you but I suppose I’m not fussy either way. SH
“Fine. Fine! More than fine. Good, actually. Good. Very good,” Sherlock shoots off through his nerves. The last thing he wants is for John to look like that. Especially after he happened to do something so very near perfect.
And yet. The weight of his body perfectly settles back into his old chair, one arm draped over the armrest, a glass of whiskey he barely touched hanging loosely from his fingers. He doesn’t care, not about the drink nor about the heat emanating from the fireplace or even the laughter making its way up to them from the street. John does not have eyes or ears for any of them.
They make love while the dust whirls around like falling stars, immortalising themselves on the white sheets.
“We’ll see about that,” John replies, turning to face him. Unable to resist the urge anymore, he leans in for another kiss. “I should go get ready for our date.”
He’s always had a family and, on paper, even a traditional, nuclear one, too, but recent events have highlighted just how messed up that part of his life has been all along. How much emptiness there was just waiting to be filled. Not only everything with Eurus, but with his parents, too. It’s odd to think about the fact that Mycroft is actually the sanest of all of them somehow - which says a lot about everybody else. He feels incredibly fortunate, though, to have a balm to soothe those wounds - a family of his own, one created almost for him and him alone. A way to restore whatever order was meant to be bestowed upon his life. In the past, it was always
Sherlock looks back up at him, eyes wide open and cheeks red. John feels himself grow harder at the sight. Sherlock continues to stroke him, not taking his eyes off John’s. They are both breathing heavily now, John getting close and closer with each new stroke.
When you get home tomorrow, just remember that sometimes experiments don’t go the exact way we want them to. Everybody’s safe. Just not the kitchen table. But it isn’t my fault, per se. I’ll explain when you get back. I miss you, John.
It was never my intention to stop talking to you or seeing you or even being your friend. I value our friendship, Sherlock. You have to know that, right?
“What’s this, then?” John asks teasingly as Sherlock enters the flat and his stomach drops. All his research is out. Papers with the little design drawn on it all in different ways. His laptop with the tabs on tattoo symbols open. He can feel his cheeks heating up and doesn’t know how to respond.
Sherlock sighs in relief, letting John make the decision for him. The familiar comfort of his chair reassures him a little, and in a second, he decides that he will not let stress take over. No matter which subject John chooses to talk about, he will speak nothing but the truth and accept the consequences.
John plops down in his chair, emphasising the fact that he’d like to have it out. Sherlock realises the futility in trying to escape this conversation in the face of John’s stubbornness and rolls his eyes as he sits opposite him. John raises his eyebrows, willing Sherlock to go on.
Emotionally, he’s getting there. He knows it won’t be an overnight process, and so he isn’t expecting it to be.  Much like he learnt in his one and only rehab stint, he has to take it one day at a time, and learn to release the past in increments that are accessible to him. Repressing it all in one go - as he has found recently - doesn’t help anything. Deleting people and places and incidents always seem to come back to bite him in the arse.
. How he came so close to ruining it all for good, how it might still be the case. And so, panic comes rushing back.
“You’ve been overthinking something,” Sherlock continues. “Every time we have sex, you go inside your head just for a minute but never say anything.”
“Yes, it was,” Sherlock replies, nodding. “I just thought you weren’t the kind of person who’s comfortable with public displays of affection.” Sherlock’s eyes meet his briefly before looking away. “You always were very discreet with Mary.”
John glances at Sherlock, “Sherlock and I talked, rather a lot actually, and it appears that we share the same feelings.”
So, as a little pre-Christmas treat, we've decided to reveal all the dialogue prompts/chapter names for you guys to have in advance if you'd like to theorise about what happens next...
John moved between lovers like the Mayfly Man at first, trying them on and earning his Three Continents moniker back but, ultimately, he couldn’t stomach it anymore. Waking up to them was like waking up to face himself, a prospect he couldn’t bear. Between the drinking and the fucking, he tried to drown himself in anything that didn’t involve being still with his innermost feelings. It worked for a little while but, eventually, it all caught up with him, an avalanche of guilt, pain and grief that he truly believed would never end, until it did.
He hears him sigh again but also get up and soon the bathroom door is closing. John waits until he can hear the water running before going back to collect the rest of their food. He takes care of it all quickly, heading to the bedroom to get some pyjamas and going back into the kitchen to wait for Sherlock. He tries not to think too much of Sherlock’s naked body in the next room, nor about the fact that they made it clear last night that they both wanted
The depth of Sherlock’s feeling is suddenly making it hard to breathe. How could he have been so blind? It was all there, everything he had always hoped Sherlock would tell him. All that could have happened if one of them had simply said something.
He opens the door to Mycroft’s office with care, not wanting to make himself known, even though he inevitably has to.
Without a sound, he goes to the other side of the bed, lying down behind Sherlock and slowly sliding one arm around his waist. He pulls him closer, Sherlock stirring in his sleep without waking, and John finds himself smiling even more. "I've missed you," he continues to whisper. "I've missed you so much."
Sherlock sighs, a dozen ideas running through his head. He has been thinking about what he’d want to do since the lockdown had begun, and yet none seem good enough right now. Working a case, yes of course he was craving it, but also simply taking a walk in the park. But mostly, he wants to take a plane far, far away from this flat. Surely he couldn’t say
John relaxes into his seat, watching the road and breathing it all in. The domesticity of all of it is making his heart beat just a little faster. He glances at Sherlock, focused on the road, and smiles.
Sherlock’s answer gets lost in a moan when John’s lips find his nipple, teasing him for long seconds before moving to the other. Sherlock’s hands are now in his hair, holding tight as if to make sure John won’t move away, which he has no intention of doing anymore. When his own desire becomes too much to bear, John begins to rock their hips together slowly, loving the way Sherlock’s entire body seems to come alive under his.
“I was wondering if we…” John starts, hands clutching by his side. “Maybe we could have…” Sherlock hates that it is still so hard, so fragile. “We could have a conversation.”
“So -” he says, breaking off a piece of bread at the same time as John says, “I’ve -” and each of them gestures for the other to speak first.
“Hey,” John replies softly, reaching out under the table to rub Sherlock’s knee reassuringly. “It’s just me. It’s still just me, Sherlock.”
It’s only the sound of footsteps climbing down the stairs that brings John back to reality and he watches without a word as Sherlock comes inside the room. They stare at each other for a long moment, Sherlock’s eyes shining with something so very sad, something that makes John’s heart sink and his entire body ache. He wants to reach for him, to tell him he can’t go, he can’t leave him, can’t do this, but not a sound comes out. Sherlock breaks contact, bending down to get his towel before heading out to the bathroom. John closes his eyes, waiting for the water to start running before allowing himself to fall apart. Just for a second he lets reality crash over him.
“Mmm… hang on,” John stills him, and unzips himself, shucking off his jeans and pants in as little time as humanly possible. “Now where were we?” he asks, settling back down and kissing a hard, bruising path down Sherlock’s jaw and neck, sucking a stinging love bite right next to his Adam's apple.
Every former practice that has served him well in the New World is no victory, only because it has been necessitated. When choice is taken out of an exercise, one can no longer revel in it.
Sherlock pauses. John knows he’s testing his reaction. In control. He glances at him, silently encouraging him to continue.
And Sherlock thinks about it long and hard. He really does. But, when it comes down to it, when he has a new text message open and he types “We need to speak about this,” he doesn’t hit send and he can’t explain why. He doesn’t want to ask because he’s terrified of the answer.
“I was hungry,” Sherlock replies, apparently not caring in the slightest about standing in the nude there.
On the way there, he wonders if he should have called John to invite him along and then decides better of it, reasoning that he needs some time away. There is a tiny voice inside, though, that says
Sherlock doesn’t pick up on his lie, but offers to put Rosie to bed so that he can get ready to sleep. John thanks him with a kiss, and says they’ll wash the dishes tomorrow. Rosie seems to agree and she happily lets Sherlock pick her up. John wishes her a good night, kissing her for long seconds before letting them both go. He tries to not overthink every single detail as he gets ready for bed, and listens to Sherlock walking above him after lying down under the covers. He tries to loosen the knot in his chest when Sherlock finally comes back downstairs, undressing in the bathroom quickly before joining him.
“‘I can be at the bank in twenty minutes, the other board members are gone. Can you meet me there?’” He looks up at Sherlock. “Alright with you?”
because it feels eternal, somehow. It feels as though the transition was so seamless. He supposes it’s because, on some level, they never were really just friends. Most people knew it. They were just idiots all these years.
Sherlock was lying on his back, staring at the ceiling, next to John, who was on his stomach, his face to Sherlock’s. He turned to look back at him. “I’ve no idea. I’m not the one with the Three Continents reputation, am I?”
When John eventually lowers himself into Sherlock and Sherlock yanks him down for another kiss, Sherlock’s little covered patch fits over John’s tattoo and John lifts himself off slightly with a knowing grin.
“I’d love to,” John replies, this time giving in and raising himself up to place a tender kiss on Sherlock’s lips.
John settles between them, Sherlock’s now obvious erection pressing against his own hardening cock. They kiss lazily for a long moment, hands travelling from chest to back to arse until it is almost too hot to breathe under the duvet. John pulls away, already panting, to stare down at Sherlock.
“There is nothing wrong in feeling like this,” John says, meaning every word. “We’ve been waiting for years. It is perfectly normal to doubt if it’s real sometimes.”
John hesitates. Should he tell him about the complete lack of contact? Or maybe the stiffness of their conversation? Or even better, how Sherlock couldn’t stand touching him on the train?
John reaches for him again, taking Sherlock’s hand in his and pulling him back against him. “Don’t,” he whispers. “I only called him because I was terrified of this.”
Yes. There will be marriage, vows and promises made to the other. There will be planning and dancing and music, all for the right reasons this time. John finds himself wondering whether Sherlock would want something big, or rather private. If he’d want lilac or blue or even the dark shade of purple he seems to enjoy so much. If they’d do it in their home or outside, or even right here, on this very rooftop where it’s too cold to properly talk. It doesn’t really matter, any of it. John intends to spend the rest of his life with this brilliant madman, and marrying him is only another way to make it more official.
And so they remain there, standing a feet apart, John’s hands in Sherlock’s hair. Nothing has felt so right in a very long time.
John is about to take a proper look when a loud noise echoes in the hall. All three of them look at the door, silent.
Stunned to silence again, John can’t move. He tries not to focus too much on the warm hands around his cheeks, nor the closeness of Sherlock’s upper body. He only has to look up to catch Sherlock’s eyes examining his head.
Sherlock doesn't reply, simply nodding, eyes now closed and lips parted. Getting the message quite clearly, John leans in closer, catching Sherlock’s upper lip between his own. The longing moan echoing in the room wakes up something warm in John’s body, and so he finds himself kissing Sherlock just a little harder, curious. The hand on his hip is now curled around the fabric of his shirt, a quiet demand which John answers with yet another kiss.
Even here, in the midst of all these nameless, preoccupied people, in a city that can sometimes feel cold and unkind to individual persons, Sherlock still feels safe with John by his side. He isn’t just another face on the street. He belongs somewhere and to somebody. He has a decided place in the city, in the world, in the universe. There’s meaning to be found in his previously meaningless existence by virtue of their attachment.
John laughs as he watches him get dressed quickly, practically running out of the room and up the stairs. After that, John can only hear him greet Rosie and talk to her for long minutes. He lets himself linger in bed for another moment before getting up and going out to prepare some breakfast. He listens absently to Sherlock and Rosie upstairs while boiling Rosie’s bottle, and starts to make some toast for the two of them.
“I figured, since we’re stuck here, we could guide her through some exercises and help her achieve some of these goals.”
Christ, okay. I meant to tell you this in a letter, but when I said I’ve explored more of my sexuality in the army, it was just… well, it wasn’t
Sherlock wraps an arm around her shoulder, bringing her closer so that she can rest her head on his shoulder.
He stands up from the table soundlessly and walks to the window in the living room. Just in time to see John clipping Rosie into her carseat in the back of the car. When that’s done, he goes around to the driver’s side and opens the door but, before climbing in, he looks up, as though aware that Sherlock is there. He locks eyes with Sherlock and gives his head a slow, sad shake before looking away and climbing into the car.
I haven’t told you about this ache that takes over me whenever you’re close. On crime scenes, in cabs or restaurants, at home or in the middle of the bloody street. I ache to touch you. To link your fingers with mine, to thread my hand into your hair, to kiss the skin of your neck. And to kiss you, Sherlock. How often I wish I could kiss you. Some days, it was all I could think about. Getting up from my chair and sealing our lips. Whispering against your mouth how amazing you are. Playing with your lower lip to shut you up in front of the tv. Waking you up, slowly, softly, in our bed, long kisses turning into much more.
“‘A semicolon is used when an author could've chosen to end their sentence, but chose not to’,” John rattles off, as though he’s had to explain this many times before.
We were two lost souls, once, but we aren’t that any more. Now we’re men, found by each other, and lost
,” Sherlock whimpers, shaking more than ever, and John pulls away, not wanting to overwhelm his now over-sensitive cock. “No, don’t,” Sherlock protests immediately, and pushes back against him.
The ride to Baker Street is awkward and quiet, and Sherlock just wants to be in his flat curled up on his couch thinking his thoughts. For some unknown reason, John doesn’t take their uncomfortable silent ride as a hint or a sign, and he still insists on his ridiculous idea of coming upstairs.
“Retirement,” John says, because naturally that’s what would follow dates and fights and cases. “Where we’d go, when we’d go, what we’d do with all our free time.”
I’m never going to show you this letter. I’ll probably burn it right after I write it, but I have to get this down, out, off of me. This letter is nothing more than my catharsis and my final adieu.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, already looking back at the screen. Mark doesn’t seem to remember he exists at all. John doesn’t linger, going for the door and letting out a deep breath as soon as he’s alone. He needs to stop, now. Shaking it all off, he goes to inspect the different hallways and offices, finding them all empty. He takes an extra minute, checking his phone and admiring some of the paintings on the walls, and only when he feels more relax does he go back inside.
And those stuffs are important, Sherlock. I want to do them all to you until you can’t think properly anymore.
Then, no. No penetration from either side with Sholto. But stuffs, as you said, yes. A lot of stuff.
Sorry I missed your call, love. The signal here is shite. Call me when you get this. I miss you, too. Missed you as soon as my plane took off. Love you. Give Rosie a kiss.
John wakes up, not exactly certain where he is. The mattress is new, and so is the way light enters the room. The all too familiar pounding of his heart in such situations doesn’t alarm him. He breathes, in and out, slowly until it finally falls into place. Sherlock is the person lying behind him, both arms locked around John’s waist. It is his breathing he can feel on his nape and his legs tangled with his own. A smile blooms on his lips as John closes his eyes again, this time breathing in deeply as if to let it all sink in. This is not how they fell asleep - the situation reversed actually. He doesn’t mind. It is strangely calming to be the one waking up with someone else’s arms around you. Sherlock’s are long and firm and holding just tight enough for John to know he’s been clinging to him like this most of the night. That only makes his smile grow wider.
Sherlock nods, wipes the sleep from his eyes and bones and leaps out of bed. He doesn’t have time for luxuries like an extra fifteen minutes under the sheets. Every Wednesday, the shelves are re-stocked with what little there is, and they have to make sure they’re early enough to claim their share for the coming week. It’s a more distinguished game of eat or be eaten that they play, dressed up with built-up stores and manufacturing but, at its core, a lot like predators in nature, hunting and gathering for their share; for their survival.
They fall silent. Sherlock wants to kiss him, take him in his arms and remind him that they have all the time in the world now. That he’ll never leave him this way ever again. And so he promises to himself that he’ll kiss all that anger away when it comes, each and every time, as long as it takes for John to truly forgive him.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, rolling his hips very suggestively at the same time. John’s laugh turns into a moan, fingers tightening around Sherlock’s hair. He spreads his leg wider, desperate for more.
He wonders if Sherlock is conducting an experiment, something he barely indulges in anymore. When John asked him why once, he said, with the too-flippant wave of a hand, that with scarce resources, experiments aren’t the priority. John knows the truth is that he can’t stomach engaging in something pleasurable while people outside perish. He’s just not that man anymore (he probably never was, John has to remind himself. The machine he once saw was part of the comfortably familiar facade).
They stay cocooned in their little tangle of limbs and bodies until John whispers, “I’m not entirely sure what you mean about your lack of experience concerning all things sexual, but I can guarantee you right here, right now, that it makes not a lick of difference to me if you’ve slept with thousands of men - or women, mind you - or if you’ve never even held hands with one. That’s the least of my worries. Truly.”
He climbs under the covers and begins to undress while John sits on the bed and watches him with the most doting smile he has ever seen in his life. The sensation of John’s sheets against his now-bare skin is the perfect sensation for the moment - soft and warm and safe. He feels a brief pang that they aren’t John’s sheets anymore - not really, even though he occasionally stays over whenever circumstances dictate the necessity - but he files it away for later and instead focuses on the
Night after night, John lay down to sleep in his flat on the other side of London, while Sherlock lay in his, and both thought of nothing but the other, and how best to conquer the tension that was tearing at the seams of their friendship. Ever since Mary, John never brought anyone home again in that capacity. Sherlock never questioned it, only when worrying that the carnage of their shared lives would amount to nothing, not even a happily ever after for the marriage that had finally broken him. Her death meant that John wouldn’t get to be happy, the way Sherlock had fought for in all these years. It meant he may as well not have gone, and if he may as well not have gone, he may as well not have been unhappy, himself.
Sherlock remains silent for long seconds, leaving just enough time for John to start panicking again.
“What are you thinking about?” John drawls out, lazy as syrup, cutting through Sherlock’s thoughts like a knife all the same.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, closing the door slowly. “I wasn’t sure what you wanted but I remembered this was a favourite of yours so I figured it would be alright. But we can order something el—”
He’s not sure who moves first, probably him, and soon he’s close enough to feel Sherlock’s breath against his mouth. His head might be spinning just a little. He leans in, heart pounding against his chest, only to pull back immediately. He can’t just kiss Sherlock, he needs to make sure, needs to be certain he also wa —
to someone else. It should be someone who makes you smile and laugh and makes you feel so bloody happy all the time. It should be someone who makes you cry and fear it could end any time and wonder how you’ll survive if it does. It should be someone who’s there to remind you it’s never easy but that’s alright, because you’re in this together and learning day after day how to make it work. It should be someone you can’t stop thinking about, someone you want to grow old with, someone you want to make love to every single second of every single day. The love of your life should be someone you fought for, someone you keep fighting for every day.
John slowly, painstakingly unbuttons Sherlock’s shirt and lets it hang open, kissing down his chest, over his scar, down to his belly-button and all the way back up again, claiming his mouth in a move that feels more conquering than not. Sherlock feels
“A study done in 2013 found that unrequited love was four times more prevalent than equal love,” Sherlock blurts out, regretting it immediately. “I mean… What I mean to say is that, statistically, this was unlikely and you know how I value statistical outliers, but, yes, it
John smiles as he captures Sherlock’s mouth for another kiss, their tattoos marking yet another place where they’re connected, where John is his, he is John’s, he is his and he is John’s: one half of him belongs to John and the other half also to John. All John’s and John, ever his.
John knows better than to ask and fetches his keys from the little side table in the entrance hall. Sherlock follows him down the stairs, his sudden good spirits indicated in the way he hops over the last three steps to make a little crash on the landing. John knows that sound well. A promising lead or an adrenaline-spiked conclusion to a long case could spur it on. How fond he had been of those moments without calling it fondness. How desperately he clings to them like frost to the Spring-bitten leaves.
Without a word, they hold hands all the way up the stairs and turn to each other on the landing, lips meeting lips, tongue meeting tongue, breaths mingling and forming something new. John pulls apart just far enough to remove Sherlock’s scarf, coat and shirt and lets them all fall into a dramatic puddle at their feet. John’s eyes find the covered, fresh tattoo on Sherlock’s chest and he gently places the palm of his left hand over it. He looks up into Sherlock’s eyes and just says, “You,” and they’re already kissing again, this time with more heat.
“I’ve accepted what happened, understood why you had to d- disappear, but there are moments when I can barely breathe remembering the weight of your absence.”
“Easy, love, your appointment is only for noon. No need to rush,” John says, finishing with Sherlock’s scarf and smoothing his hands down the sides of his arms in a now-familiar gesture that means
“I should get going,” John says, feeling sick now. “Sorry again and thank you for letting me stay here.”
Back at the gate, Sherlock is still lost in his journal. It must be his third reread by now, but John doesn’t comment on it. He can’t wait for the detailed summary Sherlock is probably going to give him soon. He busies himself with a book too, saying nothing when Sherlock ends up eating most of his chips. By the time they have to board the plane, John is downright exhausted. He silently thanks Mycroft for their sudden change to first class even though it makes Sherlock sulk for the entire take-off and then some.
. Because we’re going to be alright, we’re going to move past all the obstacles still on our path and find a way back to each other. I refuse any other alternative.
“On the contrary, you git,” John responds, tapping a light smack on the side of his thigh. “I’ve never… That stuff, it doesn’t matter to me. But I’d be lying if I said I didn’t quite fancy the idea that I’d be your first.”
Tonight they’re in John’s car. John behind the wheel for some reason makes Sherlock feel a little bit warm, as though it’s a prelude for things to come. The thought sends a little flutter down low in his belly, but he does nothing to block it. He’s allowed. For once in his life, he’s allowed to think like this. The whole ride to the restaurant, when John isn’t changing gears, he has his hand splayed on Sherlock’s thigh, firm and possessive almost.
“Well, I’m certainly glad I live up to the fantasy version of me,” Sherlock teases lightly, kissing John’s cheek as they round another corner.
John reaches for the full glass in front of him, drinking it all quickly. Sherlock doesn’t seem to be angry, refilling his glass as soon as John sets it down again. John watches silently, picking at his toast without feeling like eating anything. No need to upset Sherlock even more.
John comes to sit next to him, reaching for the journal to read the complete list. “Some of these could be a challenge, definitely would help you kill time. But remember, pa-”
“Well, I suppose if I’m being honest with you, and with myself, probably since the beginning, or very close to it.”
I haven’t told you how beautiful you are. I noticed right away, that very first time I looked at you. You were so mysterious, from the very start, looking at me as if I were the only person in the room. I couldn’t look away either, you know. Even if I had wanted to. And that’s the thing; I didn’t. Without knowing your name yet, I wanted to stay the only focus of your studying gaze. You were - still are - so beautiful that you felt impossible for weeks after I moved in.
“No. It isn’t,” Sherlock responds, voice raspy and almost pained. He closes his eyes and lets his head fall back, trapping John’s hand in place.
“Sometimes I see my own reflexion in the mirror and only then I am reminded of the marks lining my skin,” Sherlock continues, entirely still.
“I think I’m realising, too,” Sherlock replies, tracing the little infinity sign over John’s heart again and again and again.
He wishes for nothing more than to understand all of Sherlock, to know his every fear and learn how to make them smaller and smaller with each kiss and reassuring touch. But he knows Sherlock needs, and will need, time. They both do. Opening up with letters and texts seems so much easier, not having to face the other’s eyes as you confess in quiet whispers the demons still haunting you. John only has to pull away to look at Sherlock’s, marking his back in long, deep scars. They haven’t talked about it yet, not properly, and last night was another step forward. Still, John has so many questions. He wants to know where, when and how Sherlock got each one of them. He wants to know if they still hurt, if he still thinks he’s doing it all over again.
You came back and you brought back so much with you. And yes, I was angry. So angry, Sherlock. I wanted to shake you, to ask you how you dared doing this to me, to ask you if I meant so little to you that you chose to left me behind. I still wonder sometimes.
Ah. Smoking, not burning. Inhaling, not combusting. He huffs out a sigh of relief and joins Sherlock on the bottom step.
It seems I’m not the man I used to be. I can no longer stand idly by and play the violin while you dance your first dance with another woman. I can’t nail myself to the cross like that anymore. This, too, terrifies me. If I’m not living for you, who am I living for? I became so used to going through the motions of each day because I had somebody to rely on me. Or so I thought. In my twisted mind, I came to believe you needed me, and that I’d always be available to you. That has to come to an end.
John doesn’t say anything when Sherlock wraps himself around him, face against his neck and tears wetting his skin.
I better ask Lestrade for a case because waiting combined with boredom is not good for my drug use. SH
a chemical defect and that caring can be an advantage (but only sometimes). If Sherlock had a tattoo, John would definitely know about it. Not only did John not bother to mention that he’d gone and gotten himself a tattoo sometime during their acquaintance, he also refuses to tell him what it means. In fact, he’s actively against Sherlock’s inquisition. Sherlock understands, of course he does, about boundaries - John taught him all about those, too. This, however, isn’t a boundary issue. This, to Sherlock, is more personal. This is a heart issue.
You said people leave, people give up, and that you know why, that someone already did. Could you tell me about him? I want to understand so that I won’t ever trigger any bad memories. You mean so much to me, Sherlock, and just the thought of hurting you without even knowing it makes my entire chest ache. I want to love you with every fiber of my being, to give you all I can and make you feel happy, loved, care for. I want to give this to you, to share this with you.
“Oh, of course it does. Of course it’s got everything to do with it. You don’t trust me and it’s because, four years ago, I jumped off of a rooftop to save your life.”
“Is this charade strictly necessary?” Mycroft leans back in his chair, the picture of angelic patience.
“Three years ago,” Sherlock suddenly whispers, both hands sliding up from John’s hips to his face. “I dreamed about a dog, a beautiful dog running down to the sea and back up to me, over and over again. I have no idea where I was, but my hands were covered in wrinkles and I could feel a slight pain down my back. Somehow, I felt safe, completely safe and… loved. It didn’t make sense. Until you called for the dog. He ran off to meet you, and I watched you walk towards me. You had your cane, a deep green jumper and a basket in your hand. You were smiling at me, the dog barking to get your attention, but you didn’t look away from me. Not once.”
John sighs, a knot forming inside his chest. No matter what came between them, he still finds himself wondering just how exactly they got to this point.
Just wanted to check in. I’ll swing by later. For the record, I’m still angry. Your brother showed me “the list”. Looked like a bloody hospital ordering sheet. You utter lunatic.
Sherlock nods ever so lightly, their noses bumping against each other and John finds himself laughing.
John kisses him and kisses him on the doorstep and the rest of the world is empty save for this one connection where suddenly everything makes sense and nothing hurts anymore.
“There are things… I suppose there are some things that I feel I should say. The things you asked about in your letter, the ones I told you I’d been hiding. I just… knew that if I wrote it down in a letter or an email it would go unsent. Again, incidentally.”
Sherlock repeats the letter over and over in his mind as though it were a mantra. He’s familiar with the use of mantras in meditation, having tried the practice out himself when he tried to go cold turkey in his early thirties once. It enabled him to enhance his Mind Palace technique and hone in on how best to easily and quickly access certain wings but, other than that, he hadn’t found it very useful - being alone with his own mind was a recipe for disaster, truly. And now, instead of the letter bringing comfort or relief as a mantra should, it brings a wash of emotions, some of them foreign to him. Curiosity, intrigue, motivation; all to be expected, under the circumstances. What he can’t explain, however, is the feeling he keeps trying to bury. Has been trying to bury since he first saw the little mark on John’s chest a couple of days ago. The one that makes his stomach roil and his heart feels heavy and constricted. He feels… hurt. That’s the only word he can find that could possibly match. It doesn’t make any sense to him, but there it is, in all its gory glory. Hurt.
“I think I’m your trigger,” Sherlock says, using the voice he so often uses with clients. “I think the first time was because I refused your offer to come back to Baker Street for coffee after the case we just solved. I think you resented me, I think you felt betrayed by my refusal. So naturally, that’s where you went after getting drunk, that’s why you accused me of all those things.”
Tiptoeing on the edge of climax, John slides a hand between them but barely has the time to wrap it around Sherlock before he’s coming and coming. The sight only brings John right where he needs to be, spending himself inside Sherlock while crying out his name. He lands on top of Sherlock, body going pliant.
“Brilliant! I loved it. Can’t wait to read more.” He hands the files over. “I edited in red so that it’s easier for you to see. Of course, I’d be happy to discuss anything you don’t understand.”
“On a serious note,” Sherlock mused, folding his hands behind his head and looking back at the ceiling, “If I had known that sex was this fantastic, I would’ve done it ages ago.”
That evening, after the sky turns ludicrous shades of amber, exploding in vivacity, John is hungry enough that he knows it’s bedtime. Sherlock, luckily, conquered bodily demands ages ago, depriving himself of food and sleep and sexual release regularly when working cases. John used to chide him for these things, but Sherlock isn’t in a rush to say
“I’m allowed to be angry, John. And if you’d just give me some space to do so, we can move on from this. After everything - ”
“Can I help - oh, hi Sherlock. Come to get inked? Or got another disgusting dead body to show me?” Elaine notices him in the doorway.
Sherlock inhales sharply, eyes fluttering closed, and he all but melts against John, head going for his neck, staying buried there. John holds him, and then holds him some more. If Sherlock is going to need a moment to process it all, there is nothing else John can do but help him through it. So he strokes and kisses and holds for long minutes spent in respective silence.
It becomes their new ritual, eating together this way. Breakfast, lunch and dinner are now Sherlock’s favorite parts of the day and he waits eagerly for them. John is now fully committed to the new case, sometimes leaving notes he’s written for Sherlock to see. They solve it within three days, John’s excitement making the whole process even better.
Sherlock half expects another long moment of silence, but John meets his eyes and says, without taking a breath, “I am not sure I have truly forgiven you.”
John goes about his day while Sherlock slumbers on, peaceful on the couch. He doesn’t dare wake him - it has been about three days and one extremely tiresome case (that he solved right in the living room with the help of Zoom) since he last slept. Besides, it’s nice to have some quiet around the flat for a while. Not that John doesn’t love being around Sherlock during this time, God knows he does, but the man is, simply put, insufferable. He declares his boredom at least twice an hour and has taken to doing experiments on the contents of their fridge in a frankly transparent attempt at forcing them to go out and buy more supplies, which gives him a chance to get out of the flat. If, in the past, anybody would have told him that Sherlock Holmes was making blatant attempts to go to the shops and buy groceries, he’d have scoffed at the idea. He supposes they’re all making do during the pandemic, in any way possible.
The said next four days felt like agony. Despite the moments they managed to spend together, Sherlock can’t help but suspect that time is suddenly going slower. John doesn’t ask about the sudden missing clocks or timers around the house one morning and Sherlock silently thanks him. He tries to busy himself in any way he can when John has to go back to his fortress, but by the end of the third day, nothing can actually help. And by the look on John’s face at dinner, Sherlock has no doubt he now hates their bedroom arrangement.
Sherlock follows, undressing with his free hand. John keeps his eyes forward, knowing nothing will happen tonight and trying to find a way to tell Sherlock. He helps Sherlock take his shoes off once he’s sitting on the bed, then his jacket, but stops him before he can remove his shirt.
Now, though, they’re happy. More than. Even though they’re stuck indoors for the most part (except for trips to the shops and when John is called in to do locum work), they find ways to entertain each other. Or, rather, Sherlock finds ways to drive them both ‘round the bend.
Sherlock’s gaze turns to them for barely a few seconds before saying, “Best friends since childhood. One recently divorced. The other doesn’t know how to tell her she made a mistake. It’s going to drive them apart. They’ve barely talked to each other since they got here.”
Fuck. I. Sometimes I open a text message at work to text you something ridiculous that happened, but I’ve never actually called before. After all this time, the reflex is still there. It’s been nearly a year. God, I don’t think I’ll ever fucking get over you, will I? If you were here, you’d know the answer to that, or you’d call me an idiot and make fun of my jumper. Either way, you’d know what to do. You always knew what to do, even though you’re a colossal prick and I’m still
“I don’t ever want you to worry about me leaving, love. I… There is only one thing I am absolutely certain about, and it’s that I want to spend the rest of my life where you are. I doesn’t matter where it turns out to be, here or on that beach or anywhere you want to go. I’m going to be right next to you, holding your hand and asking stupid questions so you’ll call me an idiot again. I love you, Sherlock. I love you to a point where I could stay in this bed with you for days on end.”
“Tell him to come by next time you see him,” Mike says, half laughing. “I missed his deductions, if you can believe it!”
s down into John’s lap, his long, long legs dangling over the side of John’s chair, and his torso and face twisted and curled up to fit quite snugly under John’s chin.
John, I’m sorry. You didn’t need to storm off like that, but I am sorry. Text me back. Calling Molly to see if you’re with her.
I want you just as much, love, and it’s been killing me too. But I meant it, you can’t do this to yourself. We’ll get there, together. We’ll make sure it’s good, for the both of us.
“John, wait,” Sherlock says, but it’s as far as he can go right now and, as the seconds tick by into minutes, John huffs out an unamused laugh and nods once, tearing his eyes off of Sherlock’s.
I’ll always want to be with you. Always. Now turn your bloody phone back on so we can argue this out like semi-functioning adults.
and before he knows it, a bubble of emotion makes itself known, his breath hitching and eyes spilling over.
Afterwards, they had taken her to a little family cafe where she could play on puffy colourful blocks and wordlessly fight with other children over whose turn it was to play with a single wooden puzzle piece. With their coffees in front of them, they had spoken frankly, for the very first time, about Sherlock’s position in John’s little family of two. Sherlock was just telling John where they’d need to set up childproofing on plugs and tricky cupboards when John smiled and simply said, “She loves you too, you know.”
John takes a couple of seconds to gain his composure and to keep up, something he has had to always do since that very first day. “A bit, I think,” he says, perfectly aware of how much he has - enough that he could return back to his flat should he ever wish to. He doesn’t say this.
, isn’t it? That’s the only way I can really describe it. I knew you’d catch on quickly because you’re Sherlock Holmes, but I never imagined you’d be so affectionate and giving in the bedroom, even though most of my sexual fantasies were based around that.”
“Just one then,” John smiles, kissing him softly. “To talk to each other when doubts are too heavy.”
There is a single, overturned lamp on in the reception area, lighting the debris around what used to be a pleasant waiting station. The carpets have no colour anymore, and neither does the furniture, each bit of fabric looking like a continuation of the last. The deep green of the round lobby sofa has lost not only its emerald intensity, its entire hue is off, too. The chandeliers that once sparkled with their own light are now dull, not even flickers to reflect off of the filthy crystal. The piano, left open as though it would ever be played again, is, even amidst all the decomposition, still the saddest thing in the room. Its perpetually vacant stool - as evidenced from the undisturbed dirt settled over the top - and wilting sheet music are the only thing distracting them from the keys that are now unitonal. With a pang, John is reminded of Sherlock’s violin, abandoned upright in its dusty case in a corner of the sitting room at Baker Street. He wonders distractedly whether he will ever get to hear its notes being teased from its strings again.
She says it’s normal, and that I can work through it, and I hope that’s true. I’ll give everything I am to make it come true.
“John,” he barely manages to breathe out, eyes searching John’s face for any sign that this may not be what he thinks it is. For it all to have been a misunderstanding or cruel joke. He knows John would never do that to him purposefully, but once you have eliminated the impossible and all that (the impossible being that John could ever feel for him anything remotely close to what he feels for John).
Sighing loudly, John rubs a hand over his face and unlocks his phone again. He finds Julian’s number quickly and types a first text.
For a brief moment, as they wait for the teller to ring up all their purchases, their eyes meet. It’s not a question, but a statement
Sherlock studies him for a long moment, and so John remains as open and trusting as he possibly can. He needs Sherlock to understand just how serious he is, how long he has waited for a moment like this and how close to being sick with worry he feels right now.
Sherlock seems to come alive under these words, and all but smashes their mouths together. John moans into the touch, letting Sherlock part his lips and meet his tongue in the middle. It's all too fast, all too desperate, and all too bloody brilliant. John kisses him back just as hungrily, pouring all his love, all of his regrets into the kiss and hoping Sherlock can feel all of it. His entire body still shaking, Sherlock holds on tighter to him, and without realising it, John starts to soften the kiss, letting their lips part and meet in quiet, tender kisses that make his heart ache.
John rubs a hand over his face, letting his head fall back against the seat and sighing. He can’t wait to be home, to finally let the stress of the day fade away and hold both Sherlock and Rosie in his arms. He doesn’t know why he even tried, the clinic is much too far from Baker Street, and the job not that interesting, but he had to give it a chance, just in case. It’s not that he’s desperate to work. If he listens to himself, he’ll be staying at home all day, particularly if it involves long mornings in bed with one gorgeous consulting detective. But no, Sherlock and him had talked the whole evening before and decided that John needed a job, needed to have something to keep him away from home a few hours a day. Even if the novelty of their relationship is still making their head spin and their blood rush to a certain body part every bloody second, they couldn’t stay together 24/7. It would be fooling themselves to think they weren’t going to drive each other mad at some point.
He draws in a little gasp of air as he sees himself. The little infinity sign on his chest could bring tears to his eyes right here in the tattoo parlour, if he let it. He glances up in the mirror and sees John’s reflection behind him, focused on Sherlock’s chest, eyes misty and mouth drawn into a tight line that Sherlock has come to know very well. It means he’s trying to hold back the tide of overwhelming emotion, too, usually unsuccessfully. He catches John’s eye before he looks away and there’s heat there; raw emotion and passion.
“We should check out this antique shop down a few streets,” Sherlock is saying, eyes going over the menu. “I heard there is a cinema inside.”
a good kind of tension, but he feels it now, something primal and private low in his stomach. Something that wants to reach out and say
Turns out the cubs might have not been his brightest idea. Even though Sherlock seems to be enjoying it tremendously, John can’t help but feel a low anger build in his abdomen. Watching Sherlock right now shouldn’t make him feel all this love mixed with sadness. He should be able to take Sherlock’s hand and let their laced fingers stroke the sleeping cubs. He should be able to smile and joke and tease Sherlock about bringing one home. But instead, he’s alone on his side, unable to focus on what he’s doing, too caught in his own thoughts.
When John breaks the kiss a few minutes later, Sherlock grunts out his dissatisfaction, to which John smiles lightly and runs his hands through Sherlock’s hair, his eyes trailing a journey from his eyes to his mouth, which he captures again for a brief peck.
“Sherlock,” John says, and he sounds like the soldier, and the friend, and the confidante, and it makes Sherlock feel slightly less erratic. “This is what we’re going to do right now, love. We’re not going to solve this or argue it out. We’re going to go to sleep. Together. On this damn phone. You’re going to listen to me breathing and I’m going to listen to you breathing and eventually sleep will come and we’ll sort this out tomorrow. Alright?”
It would only make it worse, because it’ll meant that we - that I - failed you. That I wasn’t able to love you enough, to show you exactly just how much I crave you, to make you understand that just hearing your broken voice offering this alternative over the phone made me want to leave everything and run back to you.
Sherlock leans in to kiss him, sealing their lips in a lock that takes John by surprise, hungry for more. With both of Sherlock’s hands urging him to, John rolls him onto his back, settling on top of him. Without ever breaking the kiss, John slowly eases them closer together, hands traveling up and down Sherlock’s side until the urgency fades away. He doesn’t pull away just yet, prying Sherlock’s lips open with his tongue and kissing him for long seconds.
“And what would you like me to do about it?” John teases, even as he’s unfolding Sherlock in his arms to kiss him senseless.
He cups Sherlock’s face with his hands and pulls him down, meeting his lips in a soft kiss that seems somehow to implode with affection and tranquility - Sherlock can almost feel himself coming back down to earth; being grounded in this one exchange.
"Look at me, love, look at me." It takes a long moment before Sherlock manages to focus long enough to stare right at him, and John traces his lower lips with his thumb. "I love you, Sherlock."
be had, in fact. You’re not the only one who’s new to this. It’s big and important to me, too. We’re both still learning, I think.”
He tosses his phone back on the nightstand and digs the heels of his hand into his eye sockets. Wouldn’t it be convenient if that thread could be followed to completion? Not that it would be a tidy explanation, but it
Sherlock begins to bear down experimentally, both of them letting out long, luxuriating moans all the way until John is fully seated. He kisses Sherlock once on each of his cheekbones and then on his mouth and begins to rock back and forth, slowly at first but soon building a level, steady pace. Sherlock feels as though every part of him, every part of his life, has just been leading up to this one moment, this one connection. How did he ever survive without this? How had the world been so cruel as to allow him to go all these years never knowing this? He moves in tempo with John and if his eyes glisten too, neither of them says anything, the only audible sounds coming from the rustling sheets, their little huffs in the moonlit room. The adoration laid bare in John’s eyes sends shivers up and down Sherlock’s spine and it only takes a few more pumps for him to spill over completely untouched, completely unashamed. John follows soon after with a cacophony of groans that Sherlock would love to document, but truly can not at the present moment.
Well, there is no need to hide here in any case. He only has to go downstairs, apologise for what it’s worth now, and leave Sherlock in peace. Oh, and also stop drinking every bloody day. Refusing to dwell on that now, he gets to his feet as slowly as he can, not wishing for Sherlock to have to fetch him from the floor. The first few steps are taking all the energy out of him, but he manages to get down the stairs without falling. And then, the kitchen, bracing himself for whatever might happen in there.
“Do you?” John suddenly turned serious, as though this was the most important thing in the world for him to get right. “Do you really know?”
They catch a taxi to a restaurant that Sherlock has been to once and concluded was over-rated and over-priced, but he says nothing as he notices John’s proud little grin and the way he holds his head high. Besides, there’s a distinct possibility that being here with somebody - not somebody,
They find a cab without having to wait too long, Sherlock already busy on his phone. John tries not to think of all he’s going to have to do to properly move out of his place, wondering if Sherlock would mind if Mycroft helped. He could always ask later, when Sherlock is too happy to sulk. Locked inside his own head, he doesn’t realise they’ve stopped until Sherlock is leaning forwards to pay the driver.
“John…” Sherlock’s voice is raw with emotion, forcing John to look back at him only to have his last defense breaking down. “I’m scared.”
He turns to look John in the eyes then and sees nothing but warmth and lust, his eyelids lightly hooded as he continues tracing patterns on Sherlock’s leg. He can’t quite help it - he lets out a small groan, which makes John lick his lips, his pupils dilating.
Hi, I’m stuck in traffic. I need to find a job closer to home. This isn’t working anymore. Let me know if you’d like me to pick something up for dinner on the way home.
John kisses him harder, pouring all of his love into the kiss and pressing them closer together. “Okay, yes. No weekends.”
They arrive at the Airbnb without having exchanged a word. Sherlock doesn’t turn the lights on, taking his shoes off and walking to the bedroom immediately. John watches him, now feeling hopeless and a little lost. He can’t have misunderstood what just happened, right? He said it all - well, the most important thing - and Sherlock had kind of said it back, in his own way. And he kissed him back. Several times, actually. That has to count for something.
“I’ve never…” he starts, a flush spreading unevenly over his skin. He can feel his cheeks become hot and his mouth dry up and twist with awkwardness, but he soldiers through it. For John. “I’ve never slept with any men. No women either,
“Yes, I spoke to him after I got the call,” John explains, already sensing the tension in Sherlock’s posture.
“Sherlock. Nice to see you,” Mycroft is practically dripping with acid and scorn. He drops his pen and gives Sherlock his full attention, even though Sherlock can sense the cogs turning in about fifteen different areas. He’s probably planning a war as they speak, the puffed up bastard.
They chase each other down never-ending hallways and up stairwells, all the while very much aware that they wanted to come out and find the world, but it isn’t here anymore. Not even Sherlock’s brilliant deductions could breathe life back into it. All they really do now is serve to highlight the fact that those moments are past, never to be lived again. Opportunities dwindled down to a stray earring on a stair, slippers outside a door.
He doesn’t ever complete the sentence, but John understands well enough, has had his own fair share of terror-filled nightmares involving Sherlock’s demise to know how difficult it is to just shake it off.
“As I suspected, most of the board members are involved, but now I have everything I need to make them stop.” Mark turns back to look at Sherlock. “All thanks to you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock takes John’s hand and they slowly walk through the hotel, observing the clues of life lived and then left. He makes stray deductions while John
Sherlock kisses him back with such hunger that John almost collapses on top of him. Sherlock cries out, loud, and John knows it is now or never. He pulls away and thrusts into Sherlock right away. The sudden change in Sherlock’s moans is all the validation John needs.
“A couple of weeks? This is ridiculous, I don’t care if you’re sick, even less so if I am,” Sherlock says.
“Yes, and last night, too…” he trails off, and if it were possible for a pocket of speech to contain a wink, his would right then.
“See here,” Sherlock replies, pointing to the third line. “This is actually the beginning of the email.”
“Can you send a list of the names of all your ex-girlfriends to my email? Preferably in alphabetical order, although you may rather organise them in order of sentiment, in which case I wouldn’t be opposed. In fact, it might be rather more helpful if - ”
I had no idea you felt that way about Julian, and I don’t have to tell you there is no reason to be jealous. He can’t compare to you in many (many) ways, and besides, you’re the one I will tell all those things to one day. I do understand how you feel about this, and I wish I could be the one you talk to about your time away, but sometimes talking about it to a stranger helps. In the end, you’ll always be the only one I’d want to talk about my struggles to. You have to know that. I’ve probably badly explained what I meant in my previous letter, and I’m sorry I did. I want us to have other people to hang out with, to spend nights at the pubs with or to have over for dinner. I truly think we need it, and I’m ready to talk more about that with you if you feel the need to.  I long for the moment we can finally talk about all this face to face. I long for nights spent whispering all the things we still haven’t said in these letters.
"I should have never left," John says, foolishly wishing he could somehow turn back time and do it all over again, properly this time.
I’m terrified of everything, it seems. But most of all, I’m terrified of losing you, in any way possible. I thought I was stronger than this, but it’s starting to look like I’m weaker than either one of us imagined.
There's a lot at stake for the both of us, love, but that's a good thing. We’re getting there, together.
Sherlock blushes lightly, reaching down and lifting John up off the floor and on top of him for a messy, urgent kiss. He arches his back, grinding his cock up onto John’s still-clothed one.
I promise to tell you everything, letter after letter. Anything you want to know, every thought I had, every text I’ve never sent, every fantasy I dreamed about. I’ll tell you everything, Sherlock, because the time for hiding has passed. I want to be yours, fully.
“Yes,” he answers, voice gruff with sleep and disuse, eyes not yet even open. He could do with some coffee or nicotine.
“This one is supposed to be excellent,” Sherlock suddenly says, having stopped in front of a small restaurant.
“No. But it is what it is,” John says plainly, flicking the cigarette butt onto the floor of their flat and stomping it out with the heel of his slipper.
“Thank you,” he smiles, looking back at the road. “Now, why don’t you tell me about that first journal?”
"Sherlock?" he tries again, getting inside the bathroom as he loses his jacket and shoes. Doesn't matter where he leaves them, because Sherlock is probably right behind that last door, most likely in their bed, and John can't seem to be able to breathe properly anymore.
I’m not sure I could find the right words (again) to explain how it felt when much later I was pushing into you. To this moment, I still can’t believe how lucky I am, how lucky we are to be able to feel something so strong, to connect in such a way that I couldn’t tell where my body ended and where yours began. That was the first time I made love to anyone so slowly, so lovingly. I could have done it for hours, could have stayed inside you forever and still felt so amazingly good.
John wakes up with a startle, his every sense on alert. The hand on his hip has gone perfectly still, just as the body pressed against his own.
“Me too,” John says, scooting closer to Sherlock to allow the people passing them by more room. “I must say,” he says lowly, near Sherlock’s ear, “the fact that I still manage to make you blush that way after all this time is really endearing. If we weren’t in public right now, I’d really give you something to blush about.”
“Sherlock,” His voice barely a murmur, vibrating with fury. “Listen to me very carefully. Our sleeping together has nothing to do with this. This is an altogether different argument.”
First of all, I’m relieved to read you’ve stopped using. I’ve been too afraid to ask since that first letter, but the fear of your letters stopping suddenly kept me awake for hours every night ever since. As for your therapy, I’m glad you found someone to talk to, and you have to believe me when I say that I hope it’ll help you. I can see it already has.
Sherlock wakes up with a fright. John is leaning over him. It reminds him of Serbia and hot flashes of iron, a cruel, scarred man’s eyes staring down into his as he tried to slumber through the pain.
“Sorry about last night,” John replies, glad he doesn’t have to face Sherlock as he says so. “I shouldn’t have come here.”
Their eyes meet again, searching in the dim light. Sherlock’s hand is shaking as he slowly moves to slide John’s hand up his cheek and into his hair, now cupping his face. John breathes out as quietly as he can, afraid Sherlock might let go. The first caress of Sherlock’s lips against his palm makes his whole body shudder. He feels more than he hears Sherlock’s own sharp exhale, so very warm on his bare skin.
The worst part is sleeping without you. I slept alone for all those years, and yet I’ve somehow grown so accustomed to sleeping next to somebody - not
Being apart like this is revealing all the sides of me that I’ve so long kept artfully hidden, even from you. The sides that maybe only Tanya, aside from myself, know about.
you saying, Sherlock? Because it sounds an awful lot like your frustration with me is stemming from the fact that you feel as though you’ve done so much for me and I’ve done nothing to repay you. And I get it, okay? I do, actually. In fact, all I
“There is a lot to see, too,” Sherlock says. “I haven’t had the chance to visit everything yet but maybe we could. Together.”
John sits on the tan duvet cover and looks up. The moments pass in silence and then fall away, signifying nothing. He pulls Sherlock down for another kiss, crushing their mouths together so hard it could bruise, desperate to hold onto something tangible.
“Git. We’re both emotional messes. This… it’s a lot. It has been a long time coming and it’s a lot to take in. Even with that brilliant, big head of yours.”
“Oh, sounds very inter- Oh, I see,” John smiles, peeking at the title. “Rosie’s first time experiment?”
Sherlock reaches for him once more, squeezing lightly at his other hand while surveying the scene as well, tamping his reactions to the signs of expected but never delivered life firmly.
“With Mrs Hudson,” John smiles. “When she heard we were… doing this, she insisted. I figured it might be nice to give us some time alone.”
“I saw it in the antique shop,” Sherlock explains, looking down at the medical case. “I made sure to take it away before you could see it.”
He looks up at John, whose eyes are transfixed by the needle tattooing his chest. He has a small, almost imperceptible smile on the side of his mouth and he suddenly looks at Sherlock as though he knows he was looking at him and Sherlock knows, without a shadow of a doubt that John is all his, too, as much as he is John’s.
To this day, I’m not even sure what I was trying to accomplish texting her. A thrill? A challenge? Another way to fulfil myself? To forget you?
John hangs up his last pieces of clothing and turns to walk back to him. He crawls on top of him, pushing his hair back and leaning down slowly to kiss him. Sherlock’s arms come to circle his waist, trying to force him fall on top of him but John doesn’t give in, half laughing into the kiss. Sherlock changes his strategy then, his fingers now on John’s robe, trying to remove it quickly.
“Look at me,” John says, waiting until Sherlock does so to continue. “Because, love, it’s going to be alright.”
“Fine, fine. But please explain this to me: why chase after a baby when there’s grown up humans around.”
Sherlock closes his bedroom door before he can form a sentence. John curses under his breath, throwing both arms in the air in defeat. What is he supposed to do now? It’s still the bloody middle of the night and he’s even further from falling asleep than before. Taking a deep breath, he tries to put some sense into what happened. After all, Sherlock’s behaviour shouldn’t be that much of a surprise. For all John knows (or what he’s been told), this is the first time Sherlock might have kissed someone. There had been that kiss with Janine, but if everything else had been just a lie, that part was probably one, too. Of course he’s going to need time.
“For a long time, I didn’t dare to go inside your bedroom. I don’t know why - it’s stupid, really - but it felt like dangerous territory,” John continues, eyes detailing Sherlock’s profile meticulously. “I was already thinking about what could happen in there too much, so I figured it was best not to feed the fantasy.”
You can’t just ignore me, Sherlock. We’re supposed to be in this together, we’re supposed to be talking. You can’t just leave and expect me to accept it. We need to talk. Call me. Please. I love you.
“Fuck,” John curses silently, shaking his head and willing himself to chase the image of Sherlock’s naked body spread on their bed. “Get a hold of yourself, Watson.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Sherlock move and groan lightly. Anybody else might mistake it for normal sleep, but John knows better. In the months that they’ve been - whatever it is they are - and, actually, all the months before that, John has come to know the intricacies of a sleeping Sherlock Holmes. And a sleeping Sherlock Holmes doesn’t move or make sounds. He sleeps like the dead, when he does it at all. John isn’t a consulting detective, but he can certainly deduce what’s going on, even before Sherlock starts thrashing a bit more violently and his groans become louder and more desperate. Before John has crossed the room, Sherlock has woken himself up with a yelled, “
“I didn’t know what was happening.” Still holding his gaze, lips moving against his skin, Sherlock hasn’t stopped shaking yet. “I had deduced countless strangers, read their stories and forgot it all immediately, but you... I wanted to impress you, hoped to somehow make sure you wouldn’t be able to forget me. And it wasn’t logical. I shouldn’t have cared, shouldn’t have bothered to estimate the exact distance to put between us, standing in that lab, so that I would be the only person you could look at. So that all the rest would fade from your attention.”
were the words he used - that was. He made Sherlock almost believe that he was beautiful and worth being seen. Worth being loved.
It’s not that Sherlock is celibate or anything. Well, not entirely. He just prefers to keep his body under certain conditions. Ones that don’t involve giving into its every whim. He has always seen sexual urges as a mind over matter problem, and his mind is certainly strong enough to push it aside. Besides, there’s never really been anybody that he felt he’d want to go down that particular road with. He isn’t squeamish, but the prospect of swapping bodily fluids with most people made him feel quite ill. So much so that he had often toyed with a few labels that precluded him from those kinds of activities. In the end, though, he’d realised labels and proclamations weren’t necessary. It was what it was. Matters of human attraction were never going to be his forte, not even when they concerned his own proclivities. He didn’t really care to dwell on it either.
Every inch of you is beautiful, love, and that includes your scars. All those you let me explore and kiss and try to heal.
“Considering it’s now close to lunch time, less people are gonna be waiting in line, so I’d say now is our best chance,” Sherlock replies, already walking away.
John adds a third finger, stretching Sherlock as thoroughly as he can. He can already feel his own pleasure building and building just at the sight of him, so breathtakingly beautiful.
“Sherlock,” he calls, turning around without meeting his eyes. “I just realised I have… somewhere to be.”
The first time he realised that he was irreversibly in love with John Watson, he was standing atop St Bart’s and it was too late to do a thing about it. He still had some kind of hope, though, call it blind optimism, and it kept him going for the following two years. Every situation he found himself in was successfully navigated only thanks to the belief that he had to make it through and make it
It should probably be easier, he knows, but he’s out of practice, what with a lifetime of suppressing behind him. Ironically, he has Eurus, his repressed-secret-sister, to thank for his newfound embracing of matters of the heart.
“Not right now,” Sherlock agrees before kissing him. “After that I brought Rosie down to Mrs Hudson and then worked on the second part of this pleasant evening.”
John turns around in Sherlock’s arms, their bodies still sweaty and hot from the brilliant shag they just had. Still feeling entirely giddy, John captures Sherlock’s lips in a long, deep kiss. Hands roaming all over Sherlock’s back, he shifts closer - if possible - and kisses him just a little harder. He still can’t quite wrap his head around the fact that he proposed, that he actually asked for Sherlock to marry him. In complete honesty, it isn’t such a shock in the end. Just a few nights ago he had planned out their lives, their growing old together, and marriage had been the only logical next step.
It does take them another thirty minutes to get out of bed but, with Sherlock’s efficient method of packing, they end up at the airport with just enough time to relax before the flight. They find their gate quickly, John unable to stop himself from looking around and poking Sherlock in the side.
They’ve argued about every possible practicality as a way of avoiding bringing up the big stuff. They argued about shampoo once - a new low, even for them. Sherlock hates the way John still whistles at the bathroom sink in the morning on the days he brushes his teeth. John hates the way Sherlock never whistles at all anymore, adding to the deafening silence that they’ve been forcibly wrapped up in.
“Please, don’t ever stop being so romantic, I’m loving it more and more,” he says, holding Sherlock just a little tighter. “I love you.”
“This is good news,” Violet says, her tone still somehow reserved. “What made you change your mind?”
John has never changed his clothes so quickly, waiting until Sherlock has disappeared inside his room. He needs to think and think fast. This walk might be the best idea he’s ever had and, considering all that he has to say, he needs to be able to think properly. He can’t do the original speech - too rehearsed. No, he has to find the right words for Sherlock to understand how he has been feeling the entire time without making it seem as if if he is still hoping for it all to happen.
“I trust you with her, you know I do. You’re good with her, very good, and she loves you. She’s been missing you all day, you know.”
John remains silent for a moment and Sherlock can almost hear his thoughts. Just a minute ago he was talking about staying right here.
“Hmm. You’ve said that already,” John counters. Because he has. He’s said it every fifteen minutes or so since they’ve been on lockdown. And he’s showing no signs of letting up. And the most infuriating point remains that John can’t find it in himself to mind - not
So yes, I want to be ready to love you properly. I want us to be ready. There is still so much we need to talk about, so much we need to forgive ourselves for. Christ, you wrote me a long, beautiful, letter and mine seems so dull in comparison. But I can’t stop thinking about each word you put down on paper, each confession you made and how much you must have been scared writing them.
“I love you, my love. Remember that.” John is soft pillows and warm blankets and radiant sunsets and Sherlock begins to cry again.
“An infinity sign and...” Sherlock’s brain is suddenly working in double speed, as it usually is wont to do when he has to prove that he’s clever, “And a semicolon.”
Mostly, he thinks about the uncertainty that taints everything that has transpired. If he takes a deep breath, he’ll only choke on dust, browned phlegm seeping out of his mouth and nose like maggots out of a corpse. What he can’t stand, though, above all, is that, if John takes a deep breath, the same will happen. What use is he if he couldn’t even prevent that much?
And yes, a thousand times yes, I want to see you. That’s what I was trying to ask over text. I want to make this “official”, to finally feel you pressed against me. I’ve been craving this ever since you dared to tell me how you felt. So whenever you can, whenever you want to, tell me. I’ll be there.
John faces him, kisses him on the mouth, just once. Quieting the melancholy, if for a moment. It’s the most natural thing in the world, really, to make this tiny leap in what has been a history of restraint.
- or sort of - but the feeling is right there, lodged in his chest, ready to burst out. Still, he forces himself to get out of bed as quietly as possible. Even though he already rested enough, Sherlock clearly needs more sleep. Besides, Mycroft had delivered all of his belongings in boxes yesterday evening. That had made Sherlock curse out loud several times and so John had managed to shut him up with some kissing and then much more than just that.
“Don’t worry about it. It’s alright. Let’s just forget it, yeah?” John says softly and he looks down into the small but somehow increasing gap between their chairs, something almost sick twisting his features as though he’s in physical pain. Sherlock hadn’t meant to cause it, but he doesn’t know where he went wrong and, typically, he doesn’t know how to fix it.
He turns to Sherlock, eyes bright and clear, focused. They move towards each other as naturally as breathing used to be and his hand settles on Sherlock’s cheek as they kiss, sweet and simple at first, but soon deepening into something more pressing.
“No,” John cuts him off. “I… If neither of us can sleep, maybe we could… I don’t know, we could talk?”
I take my pen and start to write my response, but my mind is elsewhere entirely. I try to begin with asking about the cases you’re thinking of working. I try to begin with the melody you’ve written recently. I try to begin with telling you how wrong you are to think I ever thought you were a freak and a sociopath. I try and try again, but there is this ridiculous hope growing inside my head and I can’t seem to stop thinking about it.
people are always going on about and committing crimes over. I want dinner and a movie (barring, of course, anything remotely similar to those James Bond films you were always trying to force me into). I want kisses and hand-holding and, yes, even sex. All the things I thought to hold myself above for all these years.
There will be a second part to this story coming very soon (you didn't think we'd just leave these beautiful characters here, did you?). It will follow a more traditional format at first, so you can peek behind the scenes of their relationship. We hope you like it and remember to bookmark that one, too.
True to himself, Sherlock begins to mumble nonsense, words mixed together inside his mouth. John holds on to him tightly as they walk home, loving the warmth of Sherlock’s body against his own.
As he’s climbing the steps to 221B, he can hear a little girl’s giggling which lights up his whole face, too. Rosie. John. Home.
She might have never been the love of my life, Sherlock, but you have to understand that it’s still worth fighting for. You… You said you knew what it felt like to lose the love of your life, and if my assumptions are right, then you haven’t. I’ve said it before, and meant it. You deserve to be loved without limits, and she’s right there, Sherlock. The Woman. She’s reaching for you and you only have to reach back. Your turn to take a jump.
Sherlock rolls his head to the side and cranks one eye open at the butt on the floor, grins slightly.
With one heated, pregnant look, it’s sealed. All that’s left to do is allow their sweating, unclothed bodies to slide against each other, their intimacy heartbreaking in its simplicity. All the things they’ve long imagined slide away, paling in comparison to their present reality. Lonely nights with just the memory and fantasy of the other seem to have been a total underestimation, in fact.
Am I allowed to start all my voice messages like that? Anyway, just thought I’d let you know that Molly rang - I’m off to Bart’s to see what she’s got for me. Sounds interesting. I’ll be back before you, probably. If I’m not, ring me and I’ll come home right away.
He rifles through another drawer in the filing cabinet, but comes up empty. Pulls out his phone and opens his text thread with John.
John tries not to think about the suitcases waiting by the door, nor of Sherlock putting Rosie to bed upstairs and saying goodbye.
I know you called her that in one of your first letters, but you got it all wrong. The love of one’s life should be someone who makes your whole world spin, who makes you want to wake up every morning to their warm body pressed to yours and the comfortable feeling of
John looks back at him, leaning in for a kiss and breathing him in. “Yes. But there’s a training.” Sherlock frowns, the silent question in his eyes quite obvious. “Six months. In Norwich.”
John looks at him sharply. He hadn’t been expecting that. Sherlock hadn’t been expecting it either but, after all this time, it seems always to lead back to him falling off of Bart’s bloody rooftop.
What he really feels, above all else, though, is the prevailing sense of unfairness. He has given John all of himself. As much as he was able to give, anyway. And in return? All he’s left with is questions and obfuscations. He often feels as though he has flayed himself wide open for John Watson to inspect, to have, to take. What he’s never realised before this very moment, however, was that he was the only one doing so. The only one giving. The only one pushing and talking and inviting and seeing and worrying and wondering and, yes, loving. Before this very moment, the realisation that John is selfish had never dawned on him before. He’d always seen their relationship as perfectly reciprocal. He the yin to John’s yang somehow. Even when that delicate balance was disturbed by time away and Mary and conflict, somehow there was always the sense that there were two of them - just the two of them against the rest of the world. He thought it was that way and that it’d always
Suddenly, the waiter comes to clear their plates and John coughs, seemingly remembering himself and where he is.
That is all Sherlock needs, apparently, because he’s pressing them together again, lips finding John’s with a muffled whimper. John’s hands fly back automatically around his body, his waist and lower back this time. Sherlock’s settle around his face, fingers playing with the shorter hair on John’s nape. Somehow, this feels even better than the kisses on the beach.
"Love?" he whispers, opening the door slowly, and the sight before him makes his entire body shiver.
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something before looking down, not giving John time to ask what he wanted to say as he nuzzles back against him and kisses him soundly.
It takes him a long time, but eventually, Sherlock falls asleep, his phone still cradled in the nook of his shoulder.
“I don’t hate them, John,” Sherlock says, kissing along his jaw and up his right cheek. “Those marks represent my journey back to you.”
He doesn’t anything as he swallows around the lump in his throat, holding Sherlock just a little harder.
John lets one of his fingers trace the biggest one, starting up Sherlock’s shoulder blade all the way down to his lower back. He keeps his touch light, barely a caress and lets his lips follow the same path. He closes his eyes, imagining he could make them all disappear, make the pain and the memories go away.
act either. We both know just how false it sounds, and the fact that there’s already two different people who have reached out to help you only proves it even more. I’m fairly certain that a simple text can involve even more people, including one you probably don’t want to see right now.
“Deal,” John chuckles. “Now, not that I want to spoil the mood, but our plane is leaving in five hours.”
“Because I’m ridiculously in love with you,” Sherlock says matter-of-factly, kissing away the silent tears pooling on the sides of John’s eyes. He settles back onto John’s shoulder. “And baggage or no baggage, that can never change. We know each other’s baggage, John. It’s what we know more than anything.”
Sherlock remains silent. John doesn’t blame him. He hadn’t thought saying it out loud would make his whole body ache like this.
I feel it too, Sherlock. And above all, I feel this unconditional warmth and love whenever my mind takes me back to you.
He rolls over onto his back, kicking the heavy duvet off his legs. He feels too stifled to be caged in right now, even by something as usually comforting as fabric. Taking his phone of the side table, he checks the time. It’s after one in the morning, but he suspects John will be awake; knows he’s been battling bouts of insomnia lately (undereye bags being the strongest indicator, among other things). His suspicion is confirmed when John answers the phone after only two rings.
Sherlock sighs, looking at him and thrusting his hips against John’s very slowly. “Does it really matter?”
“I’ve spent the last seven years trying to understand you, trying to put sense into your actions and in all that you weren’t saying. I tried to find explanations for why you stayed, for why you left, and then for why you didn’t come back.” Silence, stretching around them like a cold blanket. “Like I said, I’m tired.”
I want to be that person again. I want you to trust me again, and I know I need to work to earn back that trust. I don’t want you to think that me coming back to London would fix everything. I honestly think that it would only make it worse. If I come back now, Sherlock, there’s still so many things I haven’t told you. There’s still so many things I haven’t worked on, and tried to understand. And have no doubt, I want to come home. I want to be back in London and breathe it in. I want the life we used to have, the relationship we used to have. Christ, Sherlock, there so much more I want, too.
“I’d like to go on a case with you, here, in the city. I’d like to see you work that beautiful mind of yours and run across London half-scared of what you’ll do next.”
Sherlock is still stuck in his chair long after, even as the sun gives way to the cool evening, the words jammed deep in his throat, the words that never made it out, the ones he can’t really pinpoint anyhow.
Not until John came along, that is. With him came a reawakening of sorts. Where almost every sense Sherlock had suddenly came to life and his sexuality as well as his sensuality were brought to the fore - sometimes at the most inconvenient moments.
“Above an eight,” he replies, knowing for certain Sherlock can hear the smile in his voice but not caring in the slightest.
He tries not to think about it at first. He knows his body and mind, knows how it works, and so expects the thoughts to go away naturally. After all, he’s more than used to dreaming about Sherlock, no matter the nature of the dream. But then, he remembers how it ended up
“We’ve also established that I’m an idiot and right now I’m not entirely sure I understand what you’re saying exactly.”
Sherlock, I’ve left Rosie’s favourite teething toy behind, the little Sophie giraffe she loves so much. Think it must’ve fallen between the cushions of my - the chair. If you happen to see it, let me know. I’m tempted to just run out and get her a new one, or two, or three. God, kids are harder than they’re supposed to be, aren’t they?
Sherlock glares at him, mouth forming a hard line. Luckily, John can do this all day. He lifts his chin up, rising to the challenge.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, one hand sliding up John’s left thigh, side and finally neck. Eyes still closed, Sherlock leans in, blindly asking for a kiss that John gives him happily. Some rather long minutes stretch around them, lips moving together and, soon, bodies too.
Christ, Sherlock answer me! Where are you? You can’t just leave like this! Can’t we at least talk? I’m worried. Please, call me back.
For God’s sake, Sherlock! You and I clearly know you don’t need drugs, you never needed them. You’re destroying this brilliant mind of yours, not to mention the damage you’re doing to the life of the people around you. Can’t you think of them before picking up that needle?!
He hopes that this is the fresh start he so desperately needs. He hopes he can really make a clean break this time. He hopes he gets what he wanted by coming here. Above all, he hopes he can stop thinking about the reason he came.
John hurries to follow him, finding that the fire has mysteriously been lit. Mrs Hudson’s doing for certain. She had been absolutely thrilled to see them both the day before, and even more so when John had said he was moving back in. Explaining to her why had resulted in tears and hugs so tight that John’s muscles still remember her embrace.
“Listen, love, I’d rather come back than have you feeling this way,” John states, ever the pragmatist.
He pulls his jacket off the hook and marches down the stairs, not even bothering to take his wallet with him.
“But there will be days when I’ll see your chair and remember how it looked empty, or think back on your body on the ground, and it’ll make me so angry, yes.”
, on the way his body is almost marking his presence in John’s bed - inking himself into John’s life like the little mark he now sees clearly across John’s chest.
He sits back down, eyes wide. John turns around and a little shiver runs down Sherlock’s spine at the sight of him. He’s incensed. He takes a step forward and Sherlock can’t help it; he flinches lightly. At that, John’s expression changes, softens up. He looks regretful.
Sherlock immediately starts off with some deductions about the author, and John listens carefully as they walk around the shop. They end up buying a few more books, paying just in time for the movie to start. They’re both surprised by the lack of proper cinema seating, the room filled with old sofas and chairs only. Sherlock chooses a sofa for the both of them, sitting down after John and all but wrapping himself around him. If John had been surprised with Sherlock’s offer to watch a movie in the first place, he understands now. He kisses Sherlock’s temple softly as the room goes dark. The movie ends with John half falling asleep, way too comfortable on the sofa with Sherlock feeling so very warm against him. It’s only when the credits start, the music suddenly louder, that he wakes up fully. Sherlock is already stretching out, revealing just a patch of his hip bone and, yes, John is very much awake now.
There had never been a Sholto or a Mary for him, not ever. And, if that isn’t bad enough, that fear is only a fraction of what he feels now.
The rest of the meal goes both very quickly and too slow at the same time. John lets in all sink in, feeling for the first time in a really long time as though he belongs. Sherlock, who obviously is reading it all on his face, spends most of the afternoon making sure he’s alright, and John loves him even more.
Sherlock comes first, arching beneath him, and John is quick to follow. He properly collapses on him afterward this time, breathing hard into Sherlock’s neck. It takes another long minute or two before Sherlock can finally talk again.
They both remain still for another moment and then Sherlock all but grabs Rosie and runs down the stairs again.
She cleans the area and places the stencil over his chest in the position they discussed the last time he was in and, once the transfer is done, hands him a handheld mirror and asks if it’s okay.
“Ooohhh, you’re a bad man,” John said, kissing Sherlock’s shoulder and chest and anywhere else within reach.
Out of reach. No longer an option, if it ever were. You are gone over there, lost on another continent. And I am still in a too-cold London, wondering what else I still have to look forward to. I did this, from start to end. I am the one to blame for our downfall. I need to accept that simple and yet shattering fact.
They go back downstairs and into their bedroom without letting go of each other. Falling silent again, John slowly undresses Sherlock, clothes after clothes, keeping his eyes fixed on his. The bed is somehow still warm, and John lets Sherlock snuggle into his arms with a relieved sigh. They remain like that, close and silent, for another long moment. John can feel himself dozing off, and so he brings Sherlock’s lips to his one more time.
The conversation doesn’t flow at all, but they do manage to talk a bit, between deductions and interrogations.
. Just two people who used to share most of everything, only to have close to nothing in common anymore. And at the center of it all, his own inability to communicate without messing it all up. And even now, sitting here, barely able to look Sherlock in the eyes, he can’t find the words to tell him how badly he’d wish to come back, to fill that space in Sherlock’s life again and stay there for the long term.
“I’m not saying it’ll be easy,” John continues. “I know I still will be wondering whether I’m doing things right, or if this or that could hurt you, but I’m going to try and remember this moment right there every time I find myself doubting. I’ll remember how you kissed me and how you told me that you love me for the first time, and maybe it’ll be easier to trust that you know just how much I love you.”
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock nods, his excitement contagious in the end. “I’m gonna need to research that as soon as we’re back in Lon—”
I’m about to check the last bolthole I know of and if you’re not here - Hang on, I see you. Don’t move. I’m going to kiss the sulk right off your mouth.
The shelves are sparse, even though it’s not quite quarter past eight yet. John wonders if people have been and gone already or if they were never quite full in the first place. Sherlock deduces to himself that it’s the latter.
“Sherlock,” John began with a quizzical smile. “I find it difficult to believe that a genius such as yourself would fail to deduce that you more than measure up. That things between us are so
“I meant what I said yesterday morning. I want this,” he gestures between the two of them, “to be special.”
Sherlock goes very still as he comes, spilling between their stomachs and sending John off the edge shortly after.
Let’s promise that we won’t ever have to write each other letters again because we’re too afraid to speak up.
“Come here,” John growls, crushing their mouths together once more in a desperate, almost bruising kiss that Sherlock can’t help but become lost in.
Sherlock rolls them over in a fluid motion, pulling John down on top of him without breaking their kiss.
“Stiffen the sinews, summon up the blood, Disguise fair nature with hard-favored rage, Then lend the eye a terrible aspect, Let pry through the portage of the head like the brass cannon, let the brow o'erwhelm it as fearfully as doth a gallèd rock o'erhang and jutty his confounded base, Swilled with the wild and wasteful ocean. Now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wide, Hold hard the breath and bend up every spirit to his full height. On, on, you noblest English-”
The rest of the evening passes by awkwardly, and by the time they leave, Sherlock is glad to be alone with his shame and his puzzle.
They don’t talk much for the entire walk home, this comfortable silence John had thought lost settling back between them. Sherlock finds his journal as soon as they get home, sitting down on the sofa and letting John take care of their food. He sets it all down on the coffee table, sitting next to Sherlock and reaching for the remote control.
No matter how many times John dared to imagine a moment like this, nothing had came close to reality. Adding the fact that it is Christmas morning and that Sherlock is currently very much naked while kissing the breath out of him, John can only give and give and give.
“You know,” John began again after some time. “You’re not making getting out of this bed and going back to work seem very appealing at all.”
Sherlock studies him for another minute before going back to his book. John focuses on the TV, finishing what’s on his plate quickly. He settles more comfortably on the sofa afterwards, sliding an arm around Sherlock’s waist, allowing him to lean against him more properly. They remain like that, John kissing Sherlock’s temple now and then, if not his lips when Sherlock silently asks for a kiss. It’s not until a second documentary ends that Sherlock puts his book down, yawning.
Now was the perfect time to finally unpack and truly move back in. Starting with his books, CDs and DVDs, John slowly brings back small parts of himself into their living room. He puts down his computer on the table last, facing Sherlock’s, and smiles to himself. It might be a small detail, but those two computers on this very same table had once been the centre of his everyday life. A statement now true once again. Checking the time, he decides it well past sleeping time. Also, he’s definitely in need of some kissing action. Picking up the boxes full of clothing, he heads back to the bedroom.
“I always thought… You used to vehemently deny we were anything more than just friends, to the point where I thought the idea disgusted you somehow.”
They reach the glass-front store and push open the heavy door together. Elaine is at the counter, drawing something intricate. Sherlock spots cherry blossoms delicately framing a portrait and he feels a flood of relief that his design is much more straightforward and simple. Not that he’s afraid of pain; more that he’s afraid of the idea that his body could be so irreparably marked by something so sizable. He considers for a moment and realises he’d do it for John, though. In a heartbeat.
, but helpfully comes back before he makes an utter fool of himself. He still can’t respond, though.
I bloody love you, Sherlock Holmes, and right now, I hate this ache spreading throughout my entire chest just thinking about what your silence could mean.
“It’s your lucky day,” comes Lestrade’s cheery voice on the other end. “Double homicide. No suspects. No evidence. ‘Round the corner from you.”
John turns to his side, the small duvet falling to the floor. He doesn’t try to reach for it; it’s too hot anyway. And it’s not as if he was near to falling asleep. Although coming here had felt like the brightest idea three days ago, he isn’t sure if it still is now. The ten hour flight had allowed him to imagine lots of scenarios, all of them involving kissing at some point. And the speech, of course. The words he had played inside his head over and over again, a mixture of what he wrote plus some ideas that had seemed pretty great at the time.
Christ, how he misses him. He wants to be home, needs to be home with him right now. What the hell is he still doing in this flat?
Sherlock’s eyes flutter close, his hand now wrapped around John’s wrist as if to prevent him from moving away.
Sherlock closes his eyes, arching on the bed. John can feel the vibration in his hand, all the way to his upper arm. He wonders what exactly Sherlock is feeling right now because, damn, it looks absolutely amazing. He finds himself hoping they’ll be able to do it again but the other way around soon.
“That is wonderful,” Violet finally smiles, and John can feel Sherlock relaxing next to him, too. “We are so very happy for the both of you.”
“But you see, I am grateful for those feelings, because not matter of they made me do all this stupid stuffs, they also means that I’ve found someone who can make me feel so strongly, you can make me so happy, sad or even angry, and not a lot of people can say the same.”
“I’m sorry, love, but I’m gonna have to take the bedroom for a couple of weeks. We need to stay in different rooms until we’re certain.”
"You came back," Sherlock says again, as if that’s the only thing that matters, and John holds on to it.
It’s not quite a kiss, more a brush of lips, bodies meeting for the first time in such intimate ways. Mouths pressed together, breath mingling in the middle, hands holding on. Breaking apart only to meet over and over again. Tentative brushes turning into much more with each new try. Kisses after kisses, tasting tears and sunshine directly from Sherlock’s lips.
“Sherlock, I get it. There were moments when all I wanted was to leave this flat, too. I think most people in the world right now can’t stand their own home. It is not a feeling to be embarrassed about.”
Sherlock looks at him then, really looks at him, and John can see the hurt and desperation there. Unable to stop himself, he crosses the room to meet him.
“Alright, I’m coming,” John whispers theatrically after toeing on his boots, though he isn’t sure why. Nobody lives there anymore bar the two of them.
John can’t help but smile when Sherlock omits the rather long hours spent in bed, in another continent or this one. His own lips are trembling when Sherlock recalls his proposal, heart growing two sizes bigger inside his chest.
“I don’t know where we’re supposed to be going,” John points out, to which Sherlock responds by rolling his eyes and climbing into the front seat.
“Alright,” John chuckles and lifts their joint hands to his mouth to plant a kiss on Sherlock’s. “Five more minutes. Then we should seriously think about getting on with it. The rest, we do tomorrow.”
As he walks through passport control, he’s greeted by friendly faces and warm smiles. He thinks about how he couldn’t be further from home right now, and how grateful he is for that fact.
Did you honestly think… Did you really think that doing that in front of me, your closest and may I remind you
Sherlock’s orgasm takes them both by surprise, and John watches in awe as Sherlock’s entire body arches under his. He watches and watches and lets his own pleasure explode between them, taking them both to the place where nothing can tear them apart.
“So,” he continues, talking over Sherlock’s prolonged silence, a habit they never used to be in need of. “What’s new?”
John nods, kissing him briefly one last time before detaching himself from him. He gets to his feet, taking all that he can from the table and going to the kitchen, feeling Sherlock watching him the whole time.
Which brings him to the present dilemma. Well, not a dilemma per se. More of a… situation. An anticipated future state. One that he suspects he can’t overcome by sheer brainpower.
“Mmm. Maybe if we ignore them, they’ll go away,” he mumbles, feeling a bit more comfortable but still bone-tired. All he really wants to do now is have a hot shower and climb into bed surrounded by John.
Hi, Sherlock, just thought of something we’d never planned. My stag do. Suppose it’s not really your area. Thought we could maybe do something, just the two of us. Get pissed or something. Let me know.
Throat dry, John tries not to stare at Mark’s hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and the lingering of a smile on both their lips. An overwhelming sensation of intrusion makes all of John scream and ache to get as far as possible from this room.
John turns to look at Sherlock, the look on his face betraying just how nervous he had also been the entire time.
John is certain, ever since he went to meet him at Speedy’s, Sherlock has been distant, locked in his own head and barely responding to either him or Rosie. John understands, of course he does. He has done a lot of thinking on his own, in the middle of the night as he held Sherlock close to him and at random moments of the day as he realised he’d had to leave all…
They lie in silence for a while after Sherlock’s gesture, examining the other’s faces, as though imprinting them upon their memories. They think of nothing. Peace hovers over them, blemished only by the fact that they aren’t in a glass bubble and the atmosphere surrounding their sleepy haven is still toxic.
“It’s okay, love, it’s okay,” John says reassuringly, letting his fingers trace the scars on his back through his thin sleep shirt. “I’ve got you, love, I’ve got you and I’m not letting you go.”
They find a moment of comfort inside the shop, shielded by the thick walls from the hollow wind sounds outside.
The restaurant isn’t too crowded and they quickly place their order. Sherlock, apparently wanting to try a bit of everything, takes care in ordering for the both of them. John is glad to simply be there, getting to experience something so ordinary and yet breathtakingly new. They don’t have to wait long, Sherlock spending the entire time pointing out details from the movie that explains why it is still so popular. John listens avidly, unable to stop himself from smiling from ear to ear.
John is about to explain when one of Sherlock’s hands closes around him, stroking him in long and hard movements. All of the air leaves his lungs as John finds his own release, Sherlock’s name on his lips and his legs shaking. It takes another minute before he’s aware of his surroundings again, and then, Sherlock kissing his shoulder softly.
“So, did you have time to look at the case I sent you?” John asks finally, not quite meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
John holds back a snort at the obvious flirting, trying to catch Sherlock’s eye like they always used to do, silent jokes only they could understand. But Sherlock is looking back, still staring at the screen, cheeks flushed.
I wasn’t ready back then. I’m not sure I am now. But apparently Ella was right, writing things down does help, and I’m hoping this letter will at least make some sense out of what I did.
Sherlock is surprised. It’s the last thing he ever expected John would say. “Don’t tell me you’re some sort of virgin fetishist,” he finally replies in mock horror.
“It seems perfectly alright,” Sherlock finally asserts, pulling away just enough for John to straighten back up. “Are you feeling nauseous or dizzy?”
, yes, that you’ve oh-so-nicely asked me to stay in, and heavily implying that my going against that would cause a problem between us.”
You’ve only just gotten on the plane to your stupid conference and I miss you already. If you don’t turn around and come and kiss me, I may have a massive sulk about it. In fact, I feel the beginnings of one coming along as we speak.
By the time John is downstairs with Rosie at seven o’clock, Sherlock has sweated through one shirt and is well on his way through the one he’s wearing. He has spent the entire day thinking up a myriad of plausible sequences of events and most of them lead to the moment after dinner when something of a more… physical nature might happen. He has calculated that about 84% of the possibilities lead that way, with the other 16% being pretty evenly split up into the possibility of a catastrophic disaster or being interrupted by a case. He easily discards the former 8%, having decided the previous day not to dwell on those odds. If he were a betting man (and he sometimes is, especially considering the fact that the majority of the population consists of people too stupid to adequately identify and separate good odds from bad), he’d bet on the 84%. Which leaves him sweaty and anxious and just a little bit curiously turned on.
For the next few weeks, neither of them budge. Sherlock makes no move to contact John, partly out of pride and partly because he’s angry. Underneath that anger, though, lies something else. The dangerous thing. The thing he’d rather ignore. The problem - as Sherlock, at nearing middle-age has slowly come to find out - is that ignoring feelings, moods, sentiments; it’s not as easy as it once was. Where John, especially, is concerned, he finds it difficult to shove his emotions in a black box with a lock in a dark room of his mind palace. He did try, though.
John’s heart aches inside his chest at the words. He nods, a silent promise he made to himself months ago anyway. Slowly, Sherlock rolls to his back, and then, his other side. It takes a second or two for John to understand what he means. But it isn’t anger that takes over him at the sight of Sherlock’s back.
Taking him by surprise, Sherlock slowly begins to remove his shirt, eyes fixed on him, questioning. John, frozen in place, realises he should be doing the same. He gets rid of both shirt and pants without breaking eye contact, remaining covered by the sheet and waiting for Sherlock. They stare back at each other, completely naked and just inches apart. John exhales loudly, a small smile blooming on Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock smiles, a lazy, brilliant smile that takes all of the air left in John’s lungs away. Removing his hand, John starts to roll back over to get something to clean them up, but Sherlock pulls him back to him immediately.
right then, Sherlock might have been a little bit offended. As it is, he understands completely. The need inside him - the one that he has secretly held onto since that very first moment at Bart’s - is the one he sees mirrored in John’s face right then. The need to take and be taken in a unique way. The need to be the only one. The first and the last.
He looks down at Rosie but she’s staring at Sherlock in front of them. She’s fascinated by him, that much John can tell. When Sherlock is in the room, she follows him everywhere. She still sometimes is hesitant to reach out for him, but when she does, her entire face lights up. Sherlock, of course, is extraordinary with her. Twice already John has caught him reading to her from some encyclopedia, mostly about bees, and John is certain he’ll never get tired of watching them together.
“You are, love,” John smiles. “You’ve let me go despite not wanting to. You did this for me, to make me happy, and for that, I’ll forever be grateful.” John leans down to kiss him, softly. “I never should have left, but I did. I did and now we have to find a solution, anything to avoid letting either of us feel like this again.”
Sherlock doesn’t reply, eyes still closed. John finds him so beautiful that it hurts not to be touching him.
Sherlock smiles, eyes still closed, and John finds himself worrying again. He’s seen this smile, often even in the past few weeks. He knows too well what it hides, what this small curl of Sherlock’s lips is for, what it prevents from getting out. Just as he’s very much aware of the countless occasions he used this smile for the exact same purpose.
It seems as though John is on the same track, because once again, he has his hand on Sherlock’s thigh under the table, moving higher and higher, tracing almost-hypnotic patterns as he makes his way towards his goal. Before he gets there, though, Sherlock can’t help but blurt out:
John let out a big exhale, his eyes misting over slightly. “No. God, no, you’re just. Sometimes you say the most perfect things and you have no idea you’re even doing it. Like they’re so matter-of-fact and not totally and utterly heartbreakingly profound. You’re a bloody poet without even trying to be.”
I’ve ruined it, haven’t I? Knew that would happen. It’s okay, John, I understand. I wouldn’t want to be with me, either.
That’s all I need. All that could make me resist just one last drink. All that could make it alright again.
“He’s deeply in love with her but she isn’t returning his feelings. He’s still hoping, which explains the lunch date. She doesn’t know how to tell him, so she’s hoping he’ll get the message at some point.”
“Sherlock,” John says simply and, where Sherlock feels unsure and dizzy, John is steadfast and bold. His soldier. His John.
Still, John isn’t sure how to start. What to do or to say to be absolutely certain Sherlock is just as desperate as he is.
“Always knew you were a genius, love,” John teases him gently, hand coming to pinch his naked arsecheek. “Now, let’s get you dressed.”
“I know that you may or may not have had multiple sexual partners while in the army - didn’t earn your Three Continents moniker for naught, I suppose - but what I
Dust. Everywhere one looks, dust. Little swirls of it dancing on the pavements and through the flat if they leave the door open for too long when reentering. It settles on everything. Food, tabletops, faucets, cushions, hair, forearms, knees. It sometimes feels as though they are swallowing it, sputtering on the dredges of a ball of dirt as it struggles down their oesophagus.
John closes his eyes, something close to a sob escaping him. “It always comes back to this, all the time, not telling you sooner.”
And yet, visiting the park doesn’t seem to improve any of it. As much as Sherlock seems to enjoy each activity, he’s always walking two steps ahead of John and moving away as soon as they’re standing too close. Still, John pushes in. There isn’t a chance their relationship is going to crumble only by them trying to be together. He knew - always imagined - that building something so intimate with Sherlock would require work, and he is more than prepared for it. He can’t let himself think they’ve already destroyed what little foundation they’ve built in the last two days.
Sherlock smiles, holding him tighter, and with the feeling of their mouths pressed together, John lets sleep overtake him.
“I wrote you an email, before, but never sent that draft. I don’t have the courage to say everything that I should say and not hear your immediate reaction. Is that okay?”
You have to believe me when I say I never intended to make you feel this way when I left. In fact, I had planned the opposite entirely.
The outside air looks as though it’s been replaced with dust alone, the oxygen infiltrated and morphed into something ugly and hateful, twisting their lifeline into a disfigured thing that you can’t tear your eyes from.
John takes a moment to soak it all in - the remains of humanity, making themselves a remnant, the incidental, unchosen Israel with no Saviour in sight.
Sherlock exhales audibly, the relief palpable. He knows he will disappoint John throughout the course of their relationship - knows he won’t be able to help himself at some point - but the last thing he wants is to embarrass himself by giving the impression that he could ever be an adequate enough partner to match John’s experience in the bedroom.
“I should say, I am terribly happy right now,” John chuckles, wrapping both legs around Sherlock’s middle and staring up at him.
Sherlock barely nods, a movement so small it might not have been there at all. But John’s hands respond faster than his brain, reaching out and threading through curls he already knows to be so very soft.
“Sherlock, love, I need you to breathe for me,” John says in the softest, most soothing voice and Sherlock hates him for it in that moment, because it makes him break more. “Shh, love, it’s going to be alright, I promise. Look, I’ll come up there this weekend and we can talk this out. Maybe I can come back for good.”
Don’t thank me for last night, love, that was just an appetiser. The main meal will arrive tonight, after dinner, if you know what I mean…
John presses Sherlock onto the bed and takes off his trousers and pants for him, no time for teasing. Once they’re both naked, John sinks to his knees and takes Sherlock’s entire, erect length into his mouth in one motion.
, the only wonderful thing that has happened in his life. He’s about to let it all become even more fragile only because he’s too afraid to let Sherlock down.
Sherlock considers for a moment. He should be able to be honest with John. If they’re to do this properly, it has to start right; right from the beginning. He wants to do this properly so terribly much that he almost aches with it. With all the false starts and, more accurately, never-starts littering their joint past, there’s almost no room to do this by half-measures anymore. He may be choosing his next words carefully, but he still manages to hit send on his next text, and he considers it an accomplishment all the same.
Sherlock inhales deeply, having talked without ever taking the time to breathe, eyes open wide and fixed on him. It’s no surprise really. John had had his own questions ready for what seems a lifetime already, and so, with his heart on his lips, he dives in.
“Shall we order room service?” Sherlock asks lightly, the smile dancing on his lips not matching the flatness in his eyes.
“I know,” John smiles, brushing back a few curls on his forehead. “But we’ve both been used to keeping lots and lots of questions to ourselves. It’s only fair to assume you’re just as scared as I am of getting them out and finally having an answer.”
I don't regret that first kiss to your neck, nor any of the ones which came after that. I don't regret my hands on your hips and my body pressed against yours. We were meant to fit together, Sherlock. Our bodies melted into one another, every time we kissed, every time we took off a piece of clothing, every time you pushed yourself harder against me. You felt amazing, all sharp and soft at the same time, every inch of skin offered to me. The way you moved, the way you moaned, the way you asked for more with just a movement of your hips.
So he deals with it the only way he knows how: push it away, fight it down, obsess over the little things surrounding it to come to the truth instead. Eyes on the puzzle at hand. If his focus lies elsewhere, even if it’s slightly to the left of it instead of at the centre, he never has to face the demons. Never has to actually go to the trouble of slaying them.
Sherlock looks up from his research paper briefly. He starts to lift his hand, as if to reach, but abandons the gesture midway.
Silence fills the room again, thick and heavy on both of their tangled bodies. John holds his breath. He can feel Sherlock’s heart beating against his palm, carefully placed on his chest. The closeness, the very same one that had seemed so impossible to reach before, is now the one feeling he’s clinging to. With Sherlock’s words playing on a loop inside his head, John finds himself wanting to both laugh and cry at the same time, or maybe simply melt into Sherlock and let him find the answers on his own.
! And now I’m sat in the middle of this gay bar, surrounding by fit men, and I’m wondering where the heck you’ve gone off to. Oh! They’re playing something I vaguely recognise! Call meeeeeeee.
John sighs, rubbing a hand over his eyes, “I don’t think that was ever an option. As angry as you made me, I wouldn’t have been able to simply ignore you. Christ, I already loved you so bloody much that it would have been impossible.”
John, I know you and Mary specifically said “no” to boutonnieres, but I’ve found the most extraordinary little florist, right near the Yard, and I think if you’d just see these you might change your mind. I’ve also called the caterer and confirmed that they will have veggie options for anybody who asks, but they do need to say so on their RSVP. The dessert is all sorted, finally, I think we should go with a classic pudding. Unless Mary doesn’t want pudding. Let me know what she says when you ask. If you’re free tomorrow, we could go through the menu again, just to make sure there-
John can only lean in a little more, bending his head to give Sherlock a better look. He takes advantage of this new position to close his eyes. Sherlock’s hands are getting even warmer, or maybe it’s just John’s body reacting to the prolonged touch. In any case, John finds himself wishing Sherlock would never take them off of him.
Sherlock looks at him for another long moment before nodding towards the kitchen. They go without another word, John sitting down while trying not to think of all the breakfasts, lunches and dinners they have shared around this very same table.
“John,” Sherlock moans, fingers digging into his lower back as his movements become more and more uncontrolled.
There are things I wish I could tell you too, things I’m not sure I’m ready to say. But there are other things I’m not sure you’re ready to hear. I want you to be fully aware of what you want from me, of what you’re feeling, before I say anything about Mary. Because if my behaviour hurt you after you came back, I know she did nothing to make it easier. So when we’re ready, when we’re certain about what we want from each other, I’ll find the courage to tell you all of it.
“No breakfast for me, darling,” comes the gush of words as Sherlock glides past him with a peck in his general direction and into the living room. When he reaches the door and pulls his coat off the hook, the hair on the back of John’s neck stands up.
“I know,” John replies, avoiding his eyes and focusing on the files in Mike’s hand instead. “So, what did you think?”
s - slippers worn only once and left outside the door by a wealthy widow, one of a pair of earrings dropped on a stair by a man having an affair every Tuesday afternoon when his wife thought he was at work. As grateful as he is for Sherlock granting them this reprieve from the ghosts back home for a short spell, John still isn’t sure that they haven’t followed them here.
Despite their current state of nakedness, John seems to catch on to the lack of sexual intentions and doesn’t make a move, waiting patiently. Suddenly nervous, Sherlock inhales deeply before opening the door, letting John get in first.
