The sound that came out of John’s mouth was worse than anything Sherlock had ever heard before. Worse even than when John had found him dead. A cross between a scream, a moan, a sob. John’s body heaved. Sherlock wanted to go to him. He wanted to do something, anything, but he couldn’t move.
Sherlock froze. Was John...flirting with him? “No,” he said, trying to keep his voice steady. “It’s dinner.”
“Well, good,” Sherlock grumbled. “There are too many damn planets anyways.”
“You look good,” John said. “What, is this a date or something?”
Sherlock froze. “Do not blog about this.”
“Thank you.”
“I could kiss you all day,” John said, “but I think there are other things we need to do. Like eat, for one.”
A bird flew into the window of the building across from him, and he watched it hit the glass and spiral down into the alley. Five stories down it fell. It wouldn’t survive the fall. When Sherlock found it late enough, he crept out to the office, careful not to wake the other inhabitants.
“I see,” Sherlock said. “I’ll take a cab.” He disconnected the call and told Wiggins he was leaving, yelling to Mrs. Hudson. He hailed a cab and climbed in. He checked in the mirror to make sure his eyes weren’t too terribly dilated-Lestrade couldn’t know how high he was right then.
Finally, panting with body-racking sobs, he crouched down and put his back to the wall. He grasped his hair, pulling slightly, and screamed. Then screamed again.
Sherlock glanced down at where John’s hand had just been and then said, “Catharsis.”
“Because I can’t, Sherlock. Let me make myself something with caffeine and I’ll be fine until the morning.”
Sherlock pretended not to see John looking at him during this line.
“You’re my friend,” Sherlock said, more calmly than he felt. “I miss you.”
“You’ve been through a great ordeal,” the nurse said kindly. “Back to bed, now.”
“Not that long,” Sherlock reminded him. “Not after your wedding.”
*****
Sherlock closed his eyes, willing himself not to cry. He could still hear the gunshot, still see John falling, still hear Eurus telling him to choose. He pressed his hands to his face.
“Mrs. MacDonald?”
“Right, yeah, we should. Mrs. Hudson’s probably tired of her,” said John.
“To the very best of times, John.”
“What has that got to do with anything?” Sherlock turned to the stairs and took a deep breath. He had to get John his chair, and he had to prepare John’s room.
“Oh, Sherlock.” John moved Sherlock closer so that he was practically in John’s lap. “I never thought that about you. I may have been angry, I may have been cruel and mean and a hundred other words that couldn’t come close to the pain I caused you, but I never once for a second doubted that you were a good person or that…that I loved you.”
it!” The sauce splashed a little onto the table.
There was a bag of eyeballs in the fridge.
The days stretched on and on and on. He started to spiral into a dark place. He stopped seeing the point of anything. Cases became dull. Nights were spent waiting by the phone for a sign. Anything. A blog post, maybe. Or a call from anyone with news. Eventually, he broke. Mary told him to kill himself. He tried. He got high, tangled with Smith. And John saved him. Because John was too bloody good a person.
Of course it was. He felt so terribly guilty for not telling John. He hated those two years, hated every second of them. And then he’d come back, and everything was different. John was getting married, and then they kept fighting. John didn’t need Sherlock anymore. But Sherlock still needed John. Sherlock always needed John.
After it was prepped to begin its reaction, Sherlock went back to his desk. He hadn’t thrown out the pictures of John, nor did he end up throwing out many of their little notes. Things like
“Mary’s dead.”
“Not this. Not you.”
Next update will be in either one week or two depending on how busy I am. Part of it is already prewritten, but I'd rather it be a day late than terribly written. It will go into detail about Sherlock getting high again.
Sherlock didn’t plan to play the song. He planned to come home and go to his room to work on some experiments. What they would be, he didn’t know, but he would come up with something. John ruined all of this. John was sitting by the fire, in a terrible jumper, and Sherlock had a sudden urge to play something for him. He probably shouldn’t have picked that song. Maybe he could have played the song he wrote for Irene, or some Tchaikowsky, or something else. Anything else. But no, he had to go and play
“Yes, cleared,” Mycroft said. “You don’t have to pay a fine nor do you have to serve time for this.”
John switched the channel over to a BBC documentary about space. He looked at Sherlock and laughed. And then laughed some more.
“Ella?”
“What have you been doing?” It was Molly who spoke this time.
Shortly after, there was a knock on the door. “Sherlock?” John’s voice. He turned over in his bed, knowing John would come in. As he assumed, the door opened. John stood in the entrance, unsure. Sherlock laid still, hoping that John would think he was asleep. He would never understand, ever, because he wasn’t gay. And that brought Sherlock to the other issue. They hadn’t talked about his confession. He didn’t want to talk about it, but he hated things left being unresolved. And unresolved they were. Maybe. Maybe John was content to not talk about it, but now that John knew, it made Sherlock’s feelings more intense somehow.
I wrote a speech that evidently confessed my feelings, according to Lestrade, which I’m sorry about because it was
It had finally stopped raining. The sun had yet to come out. Sherlock tugged the coat around his shoulders and knotted his scarf. He picked his head up, held it high. Nobody paid him any attention as he called a cab.
“This? It’s called
Sherlock went into the wing labelled John, and focused on all the good memories. The times John laughed, or smiled. The times John called him brilliant. And most importantly, the times when John told him he mattered. Sherlock was still going through these memories as the first rays of light appeared, shattering the surface of the Thames and bathing the whole world in light pinks and greys.
Excitement thrumming through his veins, he picked up the needle from the table. He missed this. God, he missed this. With shaking fingers, Sherlock plunged the needle in. He thought he could
Something like anger flashed in Sherlock’s eyes. “You were supposed to pay attention. To me. Because according to you, we are
“I’m not. But you have to come to that conclusion on your own. Sherlock, please. Mycroft told me to make sure you didn’t start using again.” Her voice was stern again.
“Excuse me?” Sherlock’s voice was hoarse, a remnant of his crying from earlier.
Sherlock closed his eyes and steepled his hands. “I’m aware.”
He wished his solution was prepared. It would be so easy to slip away, make it an ‘accidental’ overdose. He wouldn’t have to deal with that anymore, wouldn’t have to feel the pain.
He closed his eyes, willing not to let anxiety bubble up. “Nightmare,” he spat out, finally. John sat on the edge of his bed, and Sherlock swung his legs over so he was sitting next to him.
Sherlock levelled his gaze to meet hers. There was no use trying to get out of having a talk. If she wanted to have a talk, they were going to have a talk. He manoeuvred himself into his chair. Mrs. Hudson took the chair he used for clients and set it opposite him and then took a seat. He waited.
Sherlock frowned at him. “Didn’t you know that?”
Greg cut John off after this. “Did you say it back?”
He gave her a weak smile. “Please do not mention John.” She nodded. “Oh, and if I get too-too full of myself, or too arrogant, please just say ‘Norbury.’”
“It doesn’t sound like a Christmas carol.”
Word count: 4,893
“It’s obviously something. Why are there pictures of me on the wall?”
“I…” John sighed.
“I’m sorry, John.”
John’s breath puffed across his face when they separated after some time. His lips were pinker than they had been. He let out an unsteady laugh. “Took you long enough.”
Greg narrowed his eyes. “You didn’t kill him.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said plaintively. “I didn’t want to fall for you. I promise.”
Sherlock did not confirm nor deny this, and John found himself wondering if Sherlock would ever decide to actually talk to him. Which wasn’t exactly fair. He had confessed...something, earlier.
Lauriston Gardens. The first case he and John had ever went on. He was certain that was what the killer was referring to. How the killer knew about his feelings for John he didn’t know, but he would find out. He would find out, and then somehow he’d stop the killer. Then he’d - he’d do something about the situation with John. Somehow.
Sherlock stared. Then blinked. Then blinked again.
“You’re not…”
“That’s fine. Do you want it in storage? I don’t know how much room I have at Baker Street.”
Sherlock unlocked the room where he kept his nightmares. He went through them, one by one, deleting them. With each one, he felt lighter and lighter. There was no reason to keep them anymore. John’s chest rose and fell as the last of the nightmares was deleted. Sherlock allowed himself to close his eyes, John in his arms.
“Yes, but are you gay?”
“Do you actually want this, or is it just a way for you to get over Jeanette?” Sherlock whispered. John’s heart ached at the pain in his eyes.
“You’ve never
“Surprise.” Norbury’s cold voice shocked him into action.
He hissed out the last few words, and John’s confusion grew.
John cleared his throat when the silence became unbearable. “I’m going to go get Rosie’s things settled. Do I need to get a cot for her?” His voice was clipped.
“I don’t fucking care what you wanted,” John spit out. “Just leave me alone. I can’t be around people like you. How could you do this?”
“You kept telling us you were fine.”
“Cleared?”
“You could talk to him more,” John said. “I can wait. So can Rosie.”
“Yeah, you are.” She pursed her lips. “You know there’s nothing wrong with being gay, right?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “John, I have loved you for years. That didn’t change, even when we weren’t talking. It’s never going to change.”
“You think I don’t know that?” Sherlock struggled to sit up. Pain flared through his body. “You think I’m unaware of what I’m doing?”
John had been pretty bad at dancing. He and Sherlock spent many nights dancing around the flat, laughing as John tripped over everything. Sherlock was an excellent dancer, and he was more patient than John had expected him to be. A wave of regret crashed over him. He wished he and Sherlock had danced some more. Sherlock really seemed to love it. He’d consider asking Sherlock to dance now, but he didn’t want to make anything awkward. He still wasn’t entirely certain how he felt about Sherlock - he suspected it might be more than platonic, but what that would be he wasn’t sure - and he didn’t want to put Sherlock in any position that would make him feel uncomfortable. He especially didn’t want Sherlock to think John was teasing him.
“Find him, John. Find him and force him to explain. Tell him he needs to. Good luck.”
“No, please,” Sherlock whispered.
his brain supplied. He sat down to distract himself.
That meant one more night, at least. “I’m not very angry at you anymore.”
“You.”
“John will.” He hated how his voice trembled slightly.
I hope you enjoyed this!
He sighed. “Okay, fine. Yes, something’s up.”
“Yeah? What was the reason?”
Ever so slowly, Sherlock leaned in. He was tired of pretending that he didn’t want to kiss John, that he didn’t love John. He gave John enough time to push him away, but John didn’t. When at last he kissed John-finally,
“Because it’s my daughter’s first Christmas. Now. Get off your arse and get dressed. We’re going to the store to pick out a tree.” Sherlock still didn’t want to, but he was intelligent enough to pick up on John’s proffered olive branch. It wasn’t an apology, it wasn’t what he needed, but just for now it might work.
John’s truly been through so much these past few weeks. He’s gained and lost, suffered and survived…  Sherlock turns his head to face the frosted glass door as he snuggles down into a comfortable position, sighing deeply as he listens to the pitter patter of trickling shower water.
John wakes to the smell of sizzling meat.
The tone in his voice has shifted, from pragmatic and decisive to raw and human.
"Bright sunlight spills through the windows as Sherlock saunters over to John’s bed. He feels comfortable and relaxed, enclosed in a safe bubble of time where the horrors of his and John’s reality cannot touch him."
At least he's there to comfort John this time, there to carry him and hold him.
“Realise I was in love with you or fell in love with you?”
“Yes, I did.”
“Earth is being destroyed as we speak John.”
Ever.
Sherlock hums in response, breathing harshly against John’s skin as John’s shifts his attentions to his front instead, stroking now over the still-fading bullet wound.
“Absolutely debauched, absolutely desperate, absolutely mine?” he whispers yet again into Sherlock’s neck, his hands reaching down to untuck Sherlock’s shirt, rucking it up so that they slip under. His fingertips skirt roughly across his torso, dragging harshly against his pectorals and nipples and Sherlock cries out loudly, his fingers digging harder into John’s back.
“Nice to see you David,” John intones politely, waiting till David gestures to the sofa before taking a seat, “How've you been?”
He falls asleep soon after, his gentle snoring pervading the room while Sherlock lies awake, now unable to sleep.
This time, he’ll be there for him, heart and soul... and he'll be there later to help put him back together.
And now Sherlock is most definitely not focusing on keeping his mind palace fantasy alive any longer, his eyes wide and fearful as he stares back at Moriarty’s face, completely in shock.
He strips and gets into the shower, giving himself a good scrub, washing away the dirt and grime from the previous day.
He's not sure if he imagines it but just before he drops off the deep end, he feels a warm pressure against his forehead. It feels rough but at the same time soft against his skin and it’s gone way too soon for him to figure out what it is.
Now that Sherlock thinks of it, they’ve not discussed anything concerning her since the incident at John’s clinic. In fact, this is the first time either one of them has spoken her name aloud in days, as if simply mentioning her name would summon her somehow.
Or what does he want now?
“Oh, Sherlock.”
Sherlock definitely hadn’t anticipated this.
“You’ll be home by tomorrow, won’t you?”
He heads for the kitchen, dumping the tray down on the table. He doesn't want to talk to Mrs Hudson right now, especially after that embarrassing moment, god the thought of it gives Sherlock chills. Anyways, she'll come up to retrieve it eventually. Sherlock makes his way to the living room, dropping down on his leather chair.
This isn’t a battle of fists... but rather a battle of emotional strength.
John has always given Sherlock a particularly hard time when it comes to picking out his true feelings.
“Promise me?”
Don't judge me please. This is just 6k words of NSFW shit I hope you guys enjoy my trash HAHA
John nods respectfully, knowing that Sherlock isn’t going to say any more on the topic.
Fuck, indeed.
Which means that when he enters the building he doesn’t have long till Mary pulls a gun on him.
And come to think of it, in light of John’s confession, Sherlock’s almost certain now that John had uttered those words out of spite and jealousy.
He presses a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s Adam’s apple and the man shivers.
At this, Lestrade throws his hands up in the air, looking thoroughly defeated.
“I love you too,” Sherlock answers, closing his eyes and listening to the final strains of John’s whispering breaths, magnified by speaker of his handphone, “I love you so much.”
And how couldn’t he have told Sherlock? He's the one that Moriarty is after dammit. He deserves to know, even more than-
Or had she deliberately given him an empty thumb drive?
John is silent at this, as if musing over what to say. Sherlock sees him out of the corner of his eye, his jaw moving up and down steadily, his eyes still turned firmly towards the road and wonders whether John is actually going to say something or not.
“There used to be a treehouse in the backyard,” he continues, abruptly changing the subject of the conversation, “I used to take Redbeard up every night and we’d pretend to be pirates. I decided that I would play the captain, meaning that I had to use the stars for navigation.”
“Sherlock, I know I've asked you this before, but where is my chair? I mean, it was here the last time I was here,” John questions from the middle of the sitting room, gaze locked onto the discoloured ring of carpet where his chair used to sit. He turns inquisitively towards Sherlock who realises that he is still standing like a fool in the doorway. He swiftly shuts the door, with a lot more force than he had expected, rattling the hinges. Oh god, Mrs Hudson is going to lecture him about this later.
The pain is still definitely worth it though.
I want you too darling, I want you so badly. Every time I pass by the Baker Street station on the Tube I have half a mind to get out of the carriage and run straight back into your arms.
John frowns at this, confusion adorning his face as he curls his fingers around Sherlock’s proffered hand, “Then what day is it?”
“Sherlock, this is precisely why I encouraged you to persuade John to return to Mary,” Mycroft sighs, “It wasn’t just for your own safety, brother, it was for his too.”
John’s lips are trembling as he struggles to talk. He moves his jaw, his lips but no sound escapes. John puts his arm forwards, reaching for Sherlock, before hastily withdrawing it. He turns his face away from Sherlock, looking down steadily at the white bedsheet.
Sherlock chuckles softly, the low noise seeming to reverberate around the walls of the room.
But he doesn't say it, his voice failing him as the words crumble to dust under the force of reality.
Smiling weakly in return, Sherlock watches as a black cab pulls up outside their apartment, clearly John had called for one when Sherlock had still been deep in thought.
, he thinks.
“Well I’m tired from all the work I did today,” John protests, grasping at straws as he rises from his seat, half-stumbling towards his bed. “I deserve an early night-”
“Fuck…” His breaths come sharply against Sherlock’s lips, “You… You… I...”
Sherlock sighs deeply at this, mumbling something along the lines of “wonder when you got so observant” as he slides down the headboard, his head coming to rest on his pillow.
3. John needs time to warm up to the idea of going back to Mary
He didn’t even get to dance that day, didn’t even get to drown his sorrows in flighty, giddy footsteps that would have helped him to forget John, forget Mary, forget everything.
(See the end of the chapter for
The next text he gets is from Mycroft.
“He’s as good a lover as they come, Sherlock,” she croons, “Hope you managed to sample the goods at least once before you ended up here.”
“What do you mean?” John mumbles, bending to place another kiss in Sherlock’s hair.
How could he have disappointed John again? How? After all that trouble he’d gone through to ensure John’s happiness… How could he have hurt him again?
“Letting me make all the decisions now eh?” he says, sighing as he shuts the door behind them.
“You of all people have had first-hand experience,” he says before pressing a kiss to the shell of Sherlock’s ear, deliberately dropping his voice an octave, “I’m known to be insatiable.”
“Look… I… I don’t know how to fix this. But I swear to god, Sherlock, I will get my memories back and… and I’m certain when that happens, we’ll get to be together again.”
John’s eyes lock onto Sherlock’s for a moment before he bursts into laughter, Sherlock following him soon after into the pits of “giggling hell”. John’s laughter has always been contagious but to be honest Sherlock is laughing for a completely different reason. Here they are, in a thai restaurant, talking about baby puke at 7p.m. in the evening, of all things. He’s certain that he can't conjure up a more ridiculous situation in his head even if he tries and finds that he is now heartily agreeing with whoever came up with the phrase “truth is stranger than fiction”.
He scrutinises John closely, trying to dampen the terror that’s slowly threatening to drown him. And that’s when he notices, the barely perceptible rise and fall of John’s chest. Good, he’s still alive, for now.
So it's going to be that kind of conversation then, Sherlock thinks to himself, mindless banter back and forth between Watson and him… He can deal with that, in fact it'd probably be welcome until something interesting happens.
It’s taken the edge off the sadness a little, dulling the pain so that all Sherlock truly feels like doing is staring off hopelessly into the distance rather than breaking down and weeping on the tarmac.
“Hmpf,” Sherlock snorts, “I guess that explains the current state of our politics.”
“GOOD MORNING BOYS!”
That doesn't help one bit.
He rises from the bed, the piece of furniture an outlandish addition to the scenery surrounding him.
Except that instead of the 0 it had been displaying yesterday, the display now read 1.
Sherlock snorts in annoyance, angling himself away from Molly’s questioning eyes once again. He pretends to inspect a petri dish sitting by the side of the microscope as Molly exhales in slight frustration, rising from her seat.
They step in tandem, making their way into the lift and up to the room.
“Fuck. You.” Cameron grates out. There's a short pause before Cameron lets out a blood-curdling scream, hurtling his bound fists towards Sherlock.
It’s nighttime here, wherever he is, the moon shining brightly in the sky amidst foggy wisps of clouds. There aren’t any stars visible, at least not any stars that Sherlock can make out through the thick spray of mist-like water.
“Yes, let’s.”
“Yep,” he replies, putting a bit of an emphasis on the p, “I’ll have my phone on ringer. I’ll know when it happens.”
He looks absolutely-
It tastes like them, bitter and… but it’s them, mixed together.
He steps forward, curiosity piqued now, peering out inquisitively to get a closer look at the bag’s contents.
She must’ve loved him, Sherlock muses, in some terrifying and fucked up way.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft exhales, “It’s got absolutely everything to do with Mary.”
Sherlock knows that he’s blushing, his pleased smile fading as he turns to face the floor, his cheeks heating up viscerally.
However, when he thumbs to the notification, it’s not a text from Mycroft at all but rather a text from an unknown number.
Sherlock still seems unconvinced though. His eyes dart back and forth, flicking from John’s eyes to his brow, as if looking for signs of dishonesty.
And he isn’t expected to last more than six months.
“And we nearly lost each other, several times, over the course of a year. Can you believe that Sherlock? It’s nearly been a fucking year.”
And louder.
“I’m certain you noticed it, or at least guessed something,” John chuckles sadly, pressing a kiss to the shell of Sherlock’s ear. “We were sort of on and off during our time in Afghanistan. We became friends after a particularly dangerous mission got us talking.”
The case of Emelia Ricoletti is probably one of the most interesting cases that Sherlock has ever dealt with.
He shouldn’t have come up here, he thinks to himself as he makes his way to the door. It would have been better if he hadn’t found the thumbdrive at all. God, now it’s going to drive him up the wall just thinking about it.
He lets out a deep sigh, tears threatening to form at the corner of his eyes. He wills them to disappear as he rinses the remains of the cream off, turning to grab his toothbrush.
He frowns, his brow crinkling in confusion as he turns to Sherlock with questioning eyes.
Also your kudos and comments have really spurred me on to write this chapter. Thanks so much for them. They really mean a lot to me.
If he hadn’t shot Magnussen, John would have been marked as a traitor and Mary would have been exposed. What other choice did he have.
Sherlock smiles a little at this, seeing as how his mother’s huge impact on his life even shows through his speech patterns. His father had also played a large role in his life, though his influence had truthfully been mostly confined to his teenage years.
“Someday,” John murmurs, licking the shell of his ear, “Someday I’ll have my cock inside that lovely arse of yours.”
“Oh,” he breathes, flexing his fingers where they are interlaced with John’s.
It’s all going horribly, horribly wrong
The man sits up on his knees, hiking Sherlock’s legs up above his shoulders as he leans in to kiss him, slow and languid, their tongues tangling as John’s cock brushes against Sherlock’s slender thighs.
;) ;) ;)
“The game is over,” he insists, knowing that Sherlock can’t not reply to that. It’s a false statement in every sense of the word, and one that clearly, even John himself doesn’t seem to believe in, going by the look on his face.
“So who’s the father?” he questions.
He lifts his fingers now to the dog tags against his chest, feeling them hot against his skin as he turns off the water, slipping out of the shower and reaching for a towel.
Sherlock’s eyes go wide once again.
“I have to go back!” he breathes, his voice a little hoarse.
“So you did do that experiment on purpose!” he says, his eyes sparkling humorously, “I knew it! I knew you did it on purpose”
His eyes alight on Sherlock’s for a moment, almost accusatory, as if he’s suddenly come to the realisation that the real reason why Sherlock is doing this, has been doing all of this, has been because of him and not Mary.
John flinches.
I'm not abandoning this story though I promise you!!! I'll try to complete it ASAP (((even though summer is ending and school is starting again UGH))) Thanks for sticking with me.
“That’s not enough for a warrant, mate,” Lestrade replies, arms crossed, “Please tell me you have more evidence to go on.”
“- face first into Mary.”
“Oh my god,” he chokes out, struggling to hold back his laughter, “New mobile game? He introduced you to Pokémon go didn’t he?”
Sherlock sighs as the car slows to a halt, refusing to so much as look at John as he unbuckles his seatbelt, getting out of the car.
But his courage fails him, his tongue hanging limply in his mouth as he swallows the words back down, changing his tune completely.
Couldn’t whoever is calling just give them at least one night of proper rest?
John blinks in confusion as Sherlock begins to make his way across the tiled floor, wiggling his feet across every tile he steps on.
He pours out the wine as Sherlock sets the plates of rosti down, placing the roast chicken on a trivet between them.
Sherlock thinks to himself. As long as it’s something that’ll rid him of his sub-conscious’ incessant meddling, Sherlock will take it.
“But I am!” John almost yells, a frenzied look in his eye, “It’s possible alright! Sherlock’s told me a whole bunch about him!”
Sherlock burrows into John’s chest in response, sighing happily as he hooks a hand around John’s neck, drawing him towards him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Now… onto your arse,” he murmurs, his voice soft, “God, Sherlock, do you know how beautiful your arse is?”
John isn’t as sensitive as he is it seems, but circling his nipples does seem to get a minute gasp out of him and Sherlock revels in it.
Victor and Sherlock pause in their tracks, fixing John with guilty looks.
Sherlock's eyes fly wide open in shock.
“I already do you know, I’ve belonged to you from the start but-”
He finishes in approximately 28 minutes, including the time required for blow drying and combing his hair. He’s decided on a white shirt and a black suit for the occasion, admiring himself a little in the mirror as he searches for any stray curls or creases in his jacket.
So that was the issue.
Sherlock sniffs the air, his nostrils pinching tightly with the effort.
, Sherlock thinks to himself as he turns on his side.
“Facilities she could have easily obtained elsewhere and more covertly with a smaller risk of attracting trouble,” Sherlock rebuts, “There’s a reason why she came here. A specific reason.”
Turning on his side, Sherlock reaches for the lamp switch, flicking it on in one smooth motion.
“AUGH,” John jumps back from the dog tags as if he’s been burned.
“Hello beautiful,” he murmurs and Sherlock has never been more in love.
They’re both dressed in their army fatigues (hell John really looks fit in them) with an off-white concrete wall as their background of choice.
“I thought you would have been better off if you had hated me entirely,” Sherlock’s lip is wobbling, making the words come out sloppy and slow. “I thought you would have missed me less, that you’d have thought ‘good riddance’ and moved on-”
John had panicked then, his eyes going wide as he turned to face Sherlock, terrified that he’d said something wrong.
“I-I’m beautiful, gorgeous, amazing, handsome, attRACTIVE,” Sherlock yells the last word as John begins to speed up his thrusts, pummelling into Sherlock with all that he’s got.
“... You happen to be one of them!” the man finishes, bellowing proudly from the patio.
Sherlock mewls in response, his head thrown back in ecstasy as John sucks down hard on the patch of skin there. His eyes flutter shut when John pulls off, laving the reddened skin there gently with his tongue, soothing the bite mark.
Because as electrifying it is to have John’s undivided attention, he cannot allow himself to think that John has any interest in him beyond being best friends.
“I had to drink the the tea all by myself!” she chides gently, “Do try to be up earlier next time.”
“Of course I do.”
“As are you John Watson,” Sherlock mumbles sleepily, his eyes starting to fall close from exhaustion, “As are you.”
He can feel John’s smile against his skin as John’s tongue swipes its way across the plump layer of flesh, setting off sparks in Sherlock’s brain before John moves on to lavish his attention over Sherlock’s top lip, stroking the outline of Sherlock’s cupid’s bow. Sherlock shudders at the sensation, his legs giving way as John’s tongue slips through, stroking its way down the roof of his mouth.
It's exquisite. It's amazing. It's everything Sherlock had expected and more. He'd always thought about it, about how kissing John would feel. Would he be gentle? Would he be rough? Or-
“It’s nothing John, really-” he starts, his cheeks going red as John stalks towards him, shaking his head.
How dare Magnussen assume himself better than John, so much so that he felt no shame when he insulted John in such a demeaning manner, by flicking his face no less.
John’s breath catches.
He turns the thumb drive over in his hands, peering inquisitively at the lettering drawn on in black permanent marker.
Sherlock doesn’t need to think twice to answer.
What the hell is John trying to get at?
What the fuck is he doing?
He doesn’t want any to spill out in his haste.
He’s always thought that Mycroft eyes looked like chiselled scratches carved roughly into hard granite, like those of still, unfeeling marble statue masterpieces. However, this time, there’s a roundness to them, slight curves around the edges that make Sherlock stop in his tracks and look just a little bit closer.
To be fair, John has never been particularly good at lying, in the sense of hiding facts (With the exception of the museum tickets… That was ONE TIME). John gives too much away through his body language, making his true motives transparent with the twitch of an eyelid or the clenching of a hand.
“He said that I’ll have to leave my apartment by the evening, that I probably can’t keep this facade up for much longer. I’ll be at Baker Street by 8 today.”
He listens as his mobile dings, three loud clear rings that signify a text. Shuffling over towards the side table, he scoops his handphone up, swiping the glossy screen as it lights up.
A foreign voice clears its throat loudly, startling Sherlock for a moment before he realises exactly who it belongs to.
Distracted, John decided to take Sherlock’s reaction as first time jitters, giving into Sherlock’s ministrations as he pressed the man back against his pillow, his fingers tangling in the man’s hair.
“Oh,” John breathes, gazing forlornly down at his hands. He twiddles his thumbs sadly, unsure of what else to say.
Once they’ve shut the door behind them, they both tiptoe up to the flat. Mrs Hudson is probably home and neither of them really want to have a conversation with her at this time of night, especially since she still doesn’t know that John is back. Heck, that’ll probably result in a lot of unnecessary probing into the reasons for John’s departure that Sherlock’s sure John isn’t ready for yet.
“Sherlock… I've got... absolutely… nothing.”
Because the idea is so LUDICROUS.
He had helped John choose it after all.
He doesn’t realise he’s playing Mary and John’s waltz till he’s a minute into the melody.
,” he sighs as Lestrade mumbles something that sounds like, “we knew what it was but we didn’t think it was important.”
No, he can’t be.
I would play with your nipples, suck them into my mouth, lave them with my tongue, nibble at them with my teeth till you’re a crying, screaming mess.
He sighs and relaxes back into the smooth cotton of his sheets.
“Sherlock,” John whispers. He speaks his name softly, yet the word in itself is weighted with deep gravity, the way someone would refer to something that is most precious to them, the way that someone would refer to a lover.
“Okay,” Sherlock replies softly. “Okay.” He hates seeing John like this, seeing him so human and so infinitely breakable and wishes he could take that question back, that exceedingly selfish question, oh god he is so
Sherlock’s brow furrows a bit at this. “Did the blond lady have any close friends?” he presses.
“For what?” Sherlock replies groggily. His voice comes out muffled because his lips are mashed up against John's neck.
“Oh indeed, brother mine,” Mycroft sighs, shaking his head as he crumples up the sheet of paper that Sherlock now believes to be his drug results slip, chucking it into the bin, “You really did scare us there for a second. Thankfully you didn’t take them, otherwise Doctor Watson here would have more cause for worry.”
“Someone will probably get in contact with you to explain further,” John quips, shrugging as he chases Sherlock out the doorway, its hinges rattling as the door slams shut.
“WELL WHAT DO YOU THINK JOHN?” he yells with great vitriol, his face burning up with rage, “DO YOU WANT THE TRUTH?”
“Dead…” Moriarty says, “... Is the new sexy.”
John is already fast asleep, his mouth gaping as his chest rises and falls, his eyelids shut in sweet slumber. Sherlock allows his eyes to rove over the man’s sleeping form for a few more precious seconds before turning his back, dipping his head to force himself not to look back as he makes his way out of the room.
… ...
The sky is meant to be blue.
“When you’re WEAK...”
Hit me up on
John sighs happily, raking his hands up and down Sherlock’s back.
“John. Are you up there?”
“No John,” Sherlock answers, breathing heavily, his heart rate already starting to pick up. “This… This is enough.”
However, when they do, Sherlock wishes that they hadn’t.
“Oh, there are,” he says rather pointedly, his gaze narrowing. “Did you make a list?”
Sherlock continues to glare at him even as John clears his throat.
And that had been enough.
John blinks in confusion as he peers over the side of his bed, getting a closer look at the engraving on the other plate.
John sighs, bringing Sherlock towards him, just one last time as he wraps his arms around his torso. John holds him tightly, inhaling deeply, breathing him in before he lets go. He steps away, his body shaking as if it’s a feat in itself to separate himself from him.
, his screen spells out in bright, blue pixels. “Oh god this is going to be bad,” he thinks as he raises his phone to his ear.
“Yes, yes it is,” John responds, “Mind if we come in and ask a few questions?”
He blushes, his breaths stuttering for a moment under the openness of John’s gaze before he affixes himself back to reality, reaching for John’s shoulder and gently tugging him forward.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” he interjects, watching as John turns to him in confusion, his brow furrowing even as he grins up at him.
And Sherlock cannot let that happen.
He’s never experienced that with John, never truly letting himself go during those private dance sessions. Their movements had felt mechanical and robotic, Sherlock donning a mask as he let John wrap a hand around his back, consistently instructing John on what to do instead of letting him figure it out himself, even though John was completely capable of holding his own in simple dance.
Sherlock had given a rather vague answer back them, dismissing the question with a tight-lipped “since I was young” before moving on to stress the position of John’s hands on his dance partner’s back.
“Together?” he asks, his question a promise and an answer at once.
John seems to be trying the same, his fingers increasing in pressure along certain lines of his back and Sherlock is certain that John feels the same way he does.
“They’re such a vibrant shade of blue,” John breathes when Sherlock opens his eyes once again, staring up at him with something akin to wonder, “So bright and dazzling and - there are galaxies in your eyes I swear. Nebulas and supernovas and fuck if I could count the number of times that I’ve gotten lost in them…”
“Elementary, my dear Watson,” is all he says before he pulls off his deerstalker, flinging it down into the rushing water below.
It’s a small bag, one that could probably only afford to carry one or two changes of clothing on top of toiletries and general necessities.
(See the end of the chapter for
Even if it ruins him.
He fixes Sherlock with a predatory grin, Sherlock’s breath hitching as he buries a hand in his curls, pulling his head downwards to meet him, their lips colliding once again.
“Yeah,” Sherlock answers sheepishly, “I’ll join you after he calls.”
“Go ahead,” Sherlock murmurs, watching as John raises his right hand, intertwining their fingers.
Oh thank god, Sherlock thinks, THANK GOD.
He knows who it is before he reads the Caller ID.
“Spot-on…” he murmurs, turning to Sherlock and beaming.
“John,” he answers, his voice tremulous, “John, deep breaths. John-”
Sherlock is absolutely stunned.
It contains a bottle filled with pills of shapes and sizes. The colours all belonging to drugs that Sherlock recognises.
Sherlock whines in response.
Sherlock’s voice cracks on the last word. He brings his palms up to his face, hiding his face in his hands.
“You really don’t remember much do you?” Sherlock hums, “Seems like the coding has gotten entangled with your memories, messed them up a little so that you only know what the programme was coded to...”
“That was a moment of weakness,” John responds, shaking his head, “That was the night before I left for Har- I mean Mycroft’s. I was really regretting having married Mary at the time, because god I had you back and all of a sudden, I realised that you had legitimately all I could have ever asked for in a partner and I’d let you slip through my fingers.”
They’ve been here for hours, in the greenhouse on the grounds of the Carmichael house, waiting for something interesting to happen. Of course, nothing of importance has occurred yet and Sir Eustace is still safe and sound and alive up in his bedroom. So much for bait…
He keeps it up till John sounds far more calm than he had been before, his breaths coming more naturally.
He hears John’s voice echo within the confines of his mind.
There hadn’t been an edge to her voice this time, quite unlike the previous conversation that she and Sherlock had had. She’d sounded cool and collected this time round, her voice as smooth as silk as she’d responded to Sherlock’s proposition.
“Oh my god! That’s why you were so late!” John manages, struggling to stop himself from giggling, “You were catching Pokémon weren’t you!”
Sherlock smiles in response and strides towards the door.
Ever since John’s third game, Sherlock had tagged along for every one of John’s celebratory rugby dinners. He’d trailed along in John’s wake on their very first outing, barely making any conversation with the rest of his teammates, shyly listening in to their conversations.
He reappears with a small medical kit, ushering Sherlock into the bathroom as he unwraps the plasters and pulls up the antiseptic cream. He reaches for Sherlock’s hand, closing his fingers around his palm gently in a slackened grip.
“Thankfully, my aunt had given me a book of constellations as a birthday present so I spent my time memorising every single one of them.”
And Sherlock will not know when he’ll be able to see him again.
He’s still under the influence, his mind clearer than normal and yet fuzzier at the edges, just as he used to like it. But despite this, he’s still damn well able to appreciate good weather if he wants to.
Sherlock kisses him like a drowning man seeking air, like a dehydrated man seeking oasis, kisses him as if the world will end the moment their lips part. He only allows himself small sips of air when they separate, desperate for contact, desperate to have John’s lips back against his.
Hit me up on
The stab wound was directly over her heart.
“AUGH!”
Stroking the scratches and indents there carefully, Sherlock sighs, smiling ruefully as he tucks them back into his shirt.
The voice on the other end stutters for a moment, as if he’d said something unexpected.
a voice in his head bellows at him,
The hinges creak from disuse as Sherlock shoves the door open roughly, the wood from the top of the door flaking off as it brushes against the door frame.
“So,” he begins, clearing his throat, trying to sound as indifferent as possible. “Now that he’s back... Is he back for good, or?”
Not now.
John focuses his energy on the dog tags, willing the metal to morph and smoothen. However, unlike any other object in the universe that John has lived in for so long, the dog tags refuse to budge.
It’s Mycroft this time, calling him.
“I’m going to fucking kill whoever did that to you,” John spits. His eyes have now taken on a fiery quality, not much different from the look that John had given Cameron during that confrontation earlier. John’s brow is furrowed and as he turns to face Sherlock, Sherlock notes that his lips are pressed into a thin line. They’re not trembling any more.
After searching for a few minutes, they’ve found lots of food containers that have not been properly washed before being thrown in, accounting for the disgusting smell emanating from the bin, and lots of newspapers, but nothing that could have held liquid.
He plants a kiss on her cheek as she does so in turn, his heart plummeting further when he is reminded that he’s hugging the woman who nearly killed him.
“With Magnussen! Sherlock have you gone completely mad?” John yells, his voice somehow still audible over the sound of helicopter blades whipping through the air.
John cuts him off swiftly.
Sherlock hasn’t changed much since they’ve gotten together, John muses as he splashes his face with water. He’s been as insufferable as ever, leaving things in a mess around the house, consistently endangering himself on a monthly basis and on occasion, been frustratingly emotionally obtuse (though he’s definitely been making a concerted effort to improve in this area).
And that’s when the strangest thing happens.
Sure love, night.
Sherlock shuts his eyes at the memory, a single tear falling from the corner of his eye as he ploughs on.
“Which is?” Sherlock grates out.
“Well I guess there’s no surprise in that really,” he says, trying to sound as normal as he can possibly be, “We’ve got really nice campuses, really great food and amazing weather. It’s no surprise that he’d want to come here.”
“Is this about Jem?” he questions timidly. His eyes are a glossy red, synonymous with at least several hours worth of tears. He looks absolutely distraught.
Mary’s out for the night. I have time.
Canisters and vials topple to the floor as the room begins to shake violently again, smashing to the ground as Moriarty raises his arms, spreading them wide as he fixes Sherlock with a maniacal look.
“Yes love,” John murmurs, shifting off Sherlock’s cock in favour of talking to him. He nuzzles into the thatch of brown hair there, inhaling deeply and Sherlock’s breath hitches at the sound.
John loves him, John still loves him after all that he’s done and Sherlock is the luckiest man on Earth.
Sherlock doesn’t respond, his body going rigid as he turns towards the door, goosebumps erupting out of his skin as he sets the photo down on the bed next to the telescope.
Mycroft sighs at this, allowing his head to dip forwards.
Sherlock knows that he’s blushing right now, his pale cheeks flushed a rosy red so he buries his face in his hands, feeling extremely self-conscious even though he knows full well that there’s no one else in the room.
Sherlock whines in answer, desperate for friction as he brings his free hand down to the space between their bodies, joining John’s hand, stroking their burgeoning erections in tandem.
Sherlock smiles in answer.
Why is he calling his name?
She sighs again, louder this time, the sound grating Sherlock’s ears as he sets the sample on a fresh slide, slipping it under the lens.
Well there’s no use hiding it now.
“I have a theory,” Sherlock responds, “But I'll need to confirm it. Lestrade can you take us to the crime scene?”
“I promise,” John cuts him off. “I promise I’d never leave you.”
, the voice comes again.
His bow draws violent, sharp pinpricks of quavers from his violin. A cutting, clear noise that shatters the silence surrounding him as he lets the pain of being far away from John, of being far away from London, bleed from his fingertips, setting his bow on fire as he waltzes through gunfights, sways through concrete buildings with only a pseudonym for a mask and dances away from death in the span of a second.
But he doesn’t get to finish his sentence because John unbuckles his seatbelt in one smooth motion and before Sherlock registers it, makes a lunge at him.
He remembers telling John that he knew about the Van Buren Supernova due to their visit to the observatory, another bit of bulshitting and a lie in every sense of the word. That frightened kid at the other end of the phone line had done it, he used to muse. He had provided the key to unlocking one of the most dreaded rooms in Sherlock’s mind palace. But now, in hindsight, it might not have been the child that had done it after all but the frightened look on John’s face. It had convinced him, convinced him to look deep inside of himself and surface with an answer that could spare the poor child’s life.
Drawing one final deep breath, Sherlock sighs softly, his voice barely a whisper in the dusty air.
Sherlock moans at the sensation, the sound unconcealed and unrestrained. It's unlike before, when they'd been in bed together and he'd bitten his lip to stifle any unbidden embarrassing noises, when he'd struggled to keep his desire for John a secret.
Sherlock’s ears filled with white noise. He stared at the phone in his hand. John and Rosie would spend Christmas with him? “Excuse me?” Sherlock asked when he could speak again.
the cocaine travelling through his body, endorphins releasing in his brain. He stopped being tired, suddenly, adrenaline coursing through him. In his bedroom, he replaced the rehabilitation clothes with a dressing gown over his usual dress shirt and trousers.
He was trying so hard to forgive John. He was trying to mend their relationship. He was trying to do it all on his own, because John wasn’t going to apologise or say anything to make it better. Sherlock slumped back in his chair, ignoring the heat spreading across his face. It didn’t matter. This-whatever was going on between them-couldn’t last.
“What was that?” Wiggins called from the kitchen.
John turned to glare at him. “I’m decking the fucking walls.”
“Where is he now?”
Life at Baker Street resumed. With one exception. Which was, obviously, that John and Sherlock were together. John thought it was fantastic and brilliant and better than he’d ever dreamed of. Sherlock helped him work through his internalized homophobia. He was endlessly patient (well, mostly), never springing anything on John until he was sure John would be okay with it.
Laughter slipped past Sherlock’s lips and he regretted it instantly. That wasn’t an appropriate reaction to John’s obvious anger. He clapped a hand over his mouth but it was too late. To his great surprise, John’s frown softened and then he was laughing too. Sherlock ceased his laughter before John and felt lucky that he was allowed to watch. John’s back was still heaving, but he was smiling at Sherlock. And then he bent over so Sherlock couldn’t see his face. After a moment his laughter stuttered, a sad, broken sound. A sob escaped his lips and Sherlock knew he wasn’t laughing any more. He reached out tentatively, but changed his mind and withdrew his hand.
Sherlock couldn’t speak, too overwhelmed. Luckily, John seemed content to sit there, just holding him.
“I never told you,” Sherlock said softly. “I loved you, and I never told you. I never could tell you.”
“Hello, John,” he said, bumping his head on the side of the car as he sat up. “Didn’t expect to see you here.” He squinted at him. John had slight stubble on his chin. His hair was styled perfectly-trying to keep up an appearance. His face was drawn and tired. Grieving. He looked better than he had at the wedding, but not that much better.
“John?”
They met at a little cafe, a few blocks away from Baker Street. He hugged her. “How’s rehab going?” He asked her when they separated. She tapped Rosie’s nose and Rosie giggled.
he was told,
Sherlock sighed. “John, please. Lestrade merely pointed out that my speech sounded like a love confession. And I realized that he was right. Any more questions?”
“I know.”
“You find everyone annoying,” John said, and then, “When did you see her?”
He fell backwards and curled up in a ball on John’s bed. Slipping under the covers felt too intimate and he shivered in the cool air. His chest heaved. Crying didn’t help his already-difficult breathing and he gasped for air. John hated him. He already knew that, of course, but now the last bits of hope were ebbing away. He coughed into the jumper, the damp patch growing every minute. John’s wing of the mind palace appeared, unbidden, and he tried to lock the door. It opened, John’s terrible expression staring at him. Pain ghosted over him as he replayed the fight. He could feel each kick, each punch. It was all so real. What seemed like hours later, but could have been minutes or even seconds, his eyes drooped closed and he fell asleep.
“It is as much your home as mine. You and Rosie are welcome anytime.” Sherlock didn’t miss the slight colouring that came to John’s cheeks, nor the shy smile fighting to be visible.
“If you’re here to get your stuff, go ahead. Don’t let me stop you. Just please do it quickly,” Sherlock said, sounding absolutely miserable.
“I thought you had left the flat.”
“Yes.”
John ran his hands up and down Sherlock’s back, letting him take as much time as he needed. When Sherlock stepped away, he immediately glanced into the box. “That’s not a ring.”
“John,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock did. John ran a hand through his hair. Sherlock pushed it away. “My hair’s all sweaty.”
“Don’t get too cocky. I might have to stop complimenting you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is everything okay?”
“You have a doctor’s appointment tomorrow,” she called after him.
“I’m not going to group.”
him. Does everybody know? How could I not?” He threw up his hands.
The water beat down upon him when he stepped in. It was warm, soothing, a steady pressure on his head. And it felt good. He generally showered every day, and the stickiness of his body was beginning to get to him. He squeezed shampoo onto his hands and lathered it in his hair. His fingers soothed his head. The water was warm, and for a second he thought he was going to be okay. The second quickly passed. Maybe there was some merit to a distraction, because now that he was alone, his mind immediately turned back to John. The calmness that had briefly filled him slipped away. He felt it coming, felt himself starting to fall, and knew he was powerless to stop it. His hands fell from his hair.
He raised his hand to knock on the door, but Mycroft pulled it open. Mycroft raised his eyebrows.
“Come on, doctor,” she gasped. “You can do better than that.” Her voice was close to breaking. Sherlock did nothing.
John snapped back.
Sherlock’s sleep was restless, full of dreams about John. Thankfully, none about Eurus. John flitted in and out, sometimes yelling at him, sometimes walking away, sometimes telling Sherlock that he loved him and would never leave him. Sherlock awoke feeling barely rested, his eyes heavy and his brain moving a bit slower than usual. Which was very annoying, he reflected. Feeling too brain-dead to move, he instead opted to stare at the ceiling until Mycroft knocked on his door, hours later.
“Yes, you do,” Smith said. “But I want to hear you say it.”
Sherlock noticed people standing up on the platform with violins. Two of them, to be exact. He scowled at them. “John. Why are those people holding violins?”
“Why don’t you tell me what happened?” he said, buzzing from the excitement. Or perhaps that was the cocaine. Or some strange mix of both. It didn’t matter, anyways.
“Did you contact the police?” Sherlock asked, eyes sparkling. This was getting good.
“Musgrave,” Sherlock whispered. “Musgrave.”
“Unless you’re the police, I can’t help.”
Sherlock reached into the drawer where he kept his small handgun. Shaking and sobbing, he curled his fingers around the trigger. He slowly switched the safety off, then stood up. He pressed the cool metal to his temple. Breathing in, breathing out. It would be so easy to do it. Just pull the trigger, end it. End his miserable, terrible life. His finger tightened ever-so-slightly around the trigger.
sex.”
John gently rested his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock flinched. “You okay?” John asked.
“Careful? Careful of what?” Careful about not getting his heart broken by John?
Finally, finally, there was a knock on the door. Sherlock had the door to 221B closed-no clients, not while he was recovering. “Come in,” Lestrade called.
“Oh, shut up,” John said. “It didn’t, and that’s what matters. You look very handsome, by the way. In case I didn’t say that earlier.”
When they arrived at the flat, Sherlock just looked at John. Contemplating.
“Why not, Sherlock? Don’t you owe it to him?”
“What did you do?”
“I shared a bed with you for a week,” John said. The side of his mouth quirked up. “Was that not clear?”
“It’s late,” John said lamely. Not what Sherlock wanted to hear. His face fell, just a little.
“Yes.”
“I’m taking you to see him. He’s a doctor. And your friend.”
“I know. But it’s more fun this way.”
He walked with his head held high, trying to figure out where he could go next. Mycroft would find him anywhere. Sherlock was exhausted, which wasn’t something he was used to feeling. He wanted his brother. He wanted someone else to just be there.
“What?” Sherlock opened his eyes and turned to look at John.
“I’m here now.”
Rosie babbled quietly to John as they set off along the path. John appeared lost in thought, so Sherlock said nothing. The sun was low in the sky-it was December, after all-and shadows spread out underneath the trees. They made their way to the fountain. The water splashed merrily into the basin. Sherlock remembered coming here high, years ago. The water then had seemed like a miraculous force, threatening to reach out and grab him. He was safer now.
John opened his mouth, but nothing came out. “I…”
“It’s quite all right,” Sherlock said. He strode over to the door and pulled on his coat. “Text Molly, will you? Tell her I’ll be over shortly to pick up Rosie?”
“Why did you bring him here?” John turned and glared at Mrs. Hudson. “I don’t actually want to see him.” Sherlock stayed silent at that. So he was still mad. Obviously.
Sex. He wanted sex. Sherlock stopped kissing and gently pushed John off him.
“I won’t.”
Our daughter.
Wiggins was lounging across the couch when Sherlock came out of the bathroom. He had taken care to make sure that the evidence of his breakdown wasn’t visible. His hair was freshly combed, his face washed. If he was acting off, well, that was to be expected. He could hide this. He could do this. Day by day, he could survive without John.
I left the wedding because I was jealous. I felt more emotion than I have, ever, just because of you. How can you not notice this? Sherlock Holmes, pining after his own best mate. His straight best mate. Because you constantly told me you weren’t gay. You told everyone we weren’t a couple. Everyone, John. I knew we would never be a couple, and so I’ve never told you. I’ve allowed you to keep breaking me, so long as you would be happy. You told me I put you through hell when I faked my death. At least you thought I was gone. You’re still here, but even farther away, because I know I can’t have you. It hurts, John. I thought I was above all emotion, but apparently you transcend everything.
The car ride was relatively quick compared to the ride over. Mycroft’s car hummed beneath him and he found himself enjoying the ride in spite of himself. It was easier to focus on the car than to focus on Sherlock, anyways. Before long, he found himself pulling up to an elegant mansion on the outskirts of London. He gaped.
“It’s time for you to go.”
Harry opened her mouth. “John-never-even-looked-at-another-man-heterosexual-Watson actually kissed him?”
At that, Sherlock’s eyes flashed and all traces of sleep disappeared from his face. “No.”
“Murders are interesting.” Sherlock couldn’t argue with that logic. John would usually scold him for being excited about a murder, but John couldn’t stop him now. Sherlock tamped down the wave of longing that overcame him whenever he thought about John. He ran downstairs, ignoring the fact that he was strictly told not to run, and barged into 221A.
The morgue doors swung open. A nurse pushed in and stopped at the scene. “He attacked me,” Smith said. His voice had changed. It was scared now, uncertain, and Sherlock had never hated anyone more. “I think he’s high.”
He repeated this, over and over, until his breathing finally slowed. His eyes burned. There was no going back to sleep now, not with the threat of another nightmare.
“I’m sorry. I should have said thank you.” Oh. “I appreciate you doing this. It’s very considerate.” Sherlock’s heartbeat sped up, so much so that he thought John must be able to hear it from across the table. “I should have started with that, yeah?” John tried for a laugh. It came out sounding more like a choke. “Sorry. I’m sorry.” He removed his fingers from Sherlock’s wrist.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said, though that was about as far from the truth as he could get.
“I plan to do that. I may not be your housekeeper, but I do care about you.” Sherlock blinked tears out of his eyes. “Now, let’s play another game of Cluedo before I go back downstairs.”
Sherlock took another deep breath. “He was chemically castrated for being homosexual, and in 1954 committed suicide.”
John pulled back to look at him. A smile spread across his face. His eyes were still slightly teary and he had dark circles underneath them, but it was the most beautiful smile Sherlock had ever seen. “I would like that very much.”
“I don’t care. Do you have any idea how long I’ve wanted to do this?”
“Can we at least talk about why you’re angry?”
“Come on, Mary.” John’s voice was also close to breaking. Sherlock took another step back. John kept repeating her name, as if he couldn’t do anything else. He couldn’t.
“Pointless.”
John’s eyes blazed angrily. “Wouldn’t you? I wouldn’t put it past you,” he growled. “You’re an addict. Don’t pretend you’re not.”
“No, I think you’re an addict.” His voice was calm and smooth. Sherlock longed to punch him, shake him, make him anything but calm. He also couldn’t move from the couch.
Sherlock curled back under the blanket. He was stunned. John had called. He had wanted to know where Sherlock was. But he hadn’t asked if he could come over and he hadn’t asked if Sherlock was okay. Which meant that John was, most likely, upset with him in some form. Sherlock wasn’t surprised. No one wanted to hear what he had to say. John could tolerate it, but Sherlock supposed that he had a breaking point. One he had just found. Sherlock knew what he was like. He knew that he obsessed over things until it just about drove him crazy. He hated that about himself, if he was being honest. He knew John hated it too. John probably thought he was one of Sherlock’s obsessions. But John was so much more than an obsession. John was everything.
Background information on each of the six real-life deaths Sherlock mentioned:
“I understand more than you think.” Mycroft’s face remained impassive.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John, of course I’ll come back,” he said in his usual brisk voice. He swept out of the flat. John didn’t bother to follow him. John knew when he needed space. He needed space now. John called Mrs. Hudson and asked her to look after Rosie for one more night. He briefly explained that him and Sherlock had a row and that they might need to work things out, and that there might be yelling. Mrs. Hudson was delighted to spend the day with Rosie.
“I will,” Sherlock said. “Good night, husband.”
“Sherlock, dear, wake up.”
Here he was, shooting the wall. Perhaps Donovan had been right after all. He fired again.
“Really? Because I heard that you were in love with me,” John hissed, and Sherlock stopped breathing. He couldn’t respond. “Which is, if I’m being honest, weird, Sherlock.”
John nodded. “When did you know?”
“Yes, I do. You’re sad about leaving.” John said nothing. Sherlock was correct in his deduction, then. John’s face was pressed into his coat. “You’re getting tears on my coat.”
*****
Fear gripped his heart and he flung himself down onto the couch. Molly knew. She knew. His biggest secret. Which meant-others knew. Mycroft did, he was sure of that. Lestrade might. He evidently wasn’t as good at hiding it as he initially thought.
“I have a question,” John said, leaning against the back of the couch and intertwining his fingers with Sherlock’s. Sherlock motioned for him to continue. “How did you...how are you not ashamed of being gay?”
“Right after-Mary?”
His head had begun to ache, but the cool air and rain helped slightly. He walked with no real purpose, but eventually found himself near Westminster Bridge. He shook his head and silently cursed himself for coming back here. He leaned against the stone wall overlooking the river. The lights from the aquarium reflected off the black water. He squeezed his eyes shut and ground his hand into his temples, trying to steady himself. He was only moderately honest to John. It was because of him that Sherlock left Baker Street. However, John of course hadn’t done anything wrong by telling him. It was just...overwhelming.
“Where are you going, dear?” Mrs. Hudson called to him as he went downstairs.
John shook his head violently. “You don’t understand. I am. I am. I’m exactly like him. I hurt the people I care about, I hurt you.” He ground his fist into the arm of the chair. “Every time I look in the mirror, I see him. I see you lying on the ground. I see my fists, bloodied and bruised. I see him, staring at me with that hatred in his eyes. And I imagine that look in my own face, and I can’t. I can’t do this, Sherlock. I can’t sit here and see you.” A tear trickled down his cheek. He glared at his hand. Sherlock’s heart broke. He sucked in a shaky breath.
“Well, you can’t notice everything.”
He heard a noise from up above him. It sounded like someone was thrashing around in a bed. He strained his ears to listen better. It was possible that John was having a nightmare. At the sound of a strangled, choked sob, Sherlock crept to the base of the stairs. And then he heard John say his name. Abandoning all pretense, he went up to John’s room.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “You won’t leave?”
“Just not for you?” Her expression was equal parts pity and annoyance.
They did not let go of each other’s hand, but it took some repositioning.
Sherlock thought, for the hundredth time.
“Right.” John smiled sheepishly. “Okay. Thanks.”
“Is there anything-anything!-I could have done to stop you from dying?” John’s expression was hopeful.
“Why do you look like you were in rehabilitation?”
John stared resolutely at Sherlock, eyes taking in every aspect of his expression and reading things that Sherlock most likely didn’t want him to.
“You’re here. You’re safe.” John quieted Rosie while laying a comforting hand on Sherlock’s back.
The first night at Angelo’s. He had been so bloody
Sherlock sucked in a breath, horrified. It couldn’t be. It wouldn’t be. John wouldn’t-John wouldn’t do that.
“Why?”
“I haven’t the faintest idea what you mean,” he said, and closed his fingers around Sherlock’s wrist. Sherlock’s skin prickled and he twisted, but Smith didn’t let go.
Sherlock stirred but didn’t sit up.
Word count: 5,627
“Yes.” John slid the container over to Sherlock.
John smiled at him. “Starving.”
“Then,” Sherlock said, “It’s been longer than six months, really.” Please don’t break up with me, John.
“It will. He’s John, and you’re you.”
Sherlock could see the back of his head. He was wearing a black suit jacket. The collar of his dress shirt was black as well. It matched with his own. Sherlock wished he could be sitting next to John, comforting him. He stared at John for so long that he almost missed Mycroft, sitting in the very back. Only ten feet away from Sherlock. He squinted. It couldn’t be Mycroft. Yet it was. He sat stone-still, his back turned to Sherlock. That wasn’t great. Sherlock was counting on John’s obliviousness and everyone else’s to be able to attend the funeral unnoticed, but Mycroft would know. Mycroft always knew. Too late to do anything about it, Sherlock sighed and hoped Mycroft wouldn’t say anything to John or to anyone else.
“I won’t tell you where I’m going tomorrow.”
So, yes, it was bad that he picked that song. John probably would find out at some point. Sherlock would just have to wait and see. After John had gone to bed, Sherlock had flung himself in his chair and stared at John’s. It was a mistake to choose that song. A huge mistake. But Sherlock couldn’t help it, seeing John sitting there. He needed to do
“It’s pretty.” Sherlock’s breath ghosted over John’s hair.
The person who wasn’t John texted him again. He glanced at it. Unknown number, probably client. It was late, and he was exhausted. A client was the last thing he needed at the moment. He deleted the text.
“I know that something happened with John. If I had to guess, you confessed your love, he said he was your best friend, you panicked and left, he found you, you confessed your love again and then ran. Like a coward.” Mycroft didn’t say it maliciously, but his intent wasn’t kind, either.
She handed him a small piece of paper. His heart skipped a beat. His name was written across the front of it. He unfolded it.
Sherlock flushed. “What? No. The opposite, actually.” His voice caught a little. He prayed Angelo couldn’t tell through the phone. “I need you to not say anything. It’s not a date. It never will be a date. I don’t want to risk his friendship by people assuming we’re a couple.”
“We do,” the man said.
“I did, yes.” John didn’t really look at him, but he didn’t pull his hands away either.
Sherlock pushed himself off the couch and stumbled into his bedroom. John lowered the volume until Sherlock could barely hear it. His presence in the other room was comforting. Sherlock changed into pyjamas, climbed into bed, and promptly fell asleep.
“Yes, I did, because you left for no reason. I was waiting for you,” John burst out, frustrated with his lack of helpfulness. He appeared to be determined for John to make the first move, but he wasn’t giving John anything to go on.
John smiled at him but said nothing.
The figure came into view, Smith’s crooked teeth smirking at him. “Stop what?”
“We have time.” Sherlock took John’s hand. “Go to sleep. I’ll be here.”
want to get high, and the cravings were nearly unbearable, but he wouldn’t. He wouldn’t. Not now. Not with John finally back. “Or I can come in with you,” he added, and John relaxed.
The reception in the hall afterwards was filled with laughter and noise. Sherlock wanted to spend time alone with John, but grudgingly put up with the congratulations and well-wishes from friends and family. Lestrade’s speech had been nice, filled with just the right balance of humorous sarcasm and anecdotes to balance out Harry’s speech, full of feelings. John had looked happy though, so Sherlock supposed it would be okay. John spent much of the meal telling him to eat. It was steak. Sherlock didn’t really like steak, but he attempted to eat a few bites to please John. Mrs. Hudson walked around and told everyone how she had predicted it from day one. Sherlock couldn’t keep his eyes off John, and the light never left John’s eyes. Not even when Mycroft had gotten into a debate with Lestrade over which one of them would be better at fencing. Mycroft thought it was him, and Sherlock privately agreed.
Sherlock frowned at him. “Devastated? No. Disappointed? Kind of.”
want to be alone, and he knew that John knew that. Sherlock also knew his pride wouldn’t allow him to admit that.
“You can be remarkably thick sometimes, you know that?” Sherlock told him, echoing his own words from that night.
Sherlock must have fallen asleep, because he woke up to bright sunlight streaming through the window facing the street. He arched his back and stretched. It was sore from sleeping in his chair all night. His spine popped as he stood up, unfurling his arms and legs. He yawned and ran a hand through his chair. He needed to brush his teeth. Maybe Mrs. Hudson would make him some tea, or a pastry for breakfast.
“I remember this. It was our first case together.”
Mrs. Hudson awkwardly left for her flat, claiming that she needed to pack for her trip later that afternoon. Sherlock didn’t blame her. A thick silence fell upon 221B when she left. Sherlock was watching John. John was scanning the flat. Even Rosie was quiet, her face buried in John’s shirt.
His heart rate started to increase. He counted around 105 beats per minute. Not terribly high, but a lot higher than his usual. His exhaustion lessened, his thoughts becoming more acute. Finally. The numbness and hollowness disappeared slowly until it was completely gone.
She drove much too fast. At one point he thought he heard the sound of
Word count: 5,113
“I’m wondering if you had a meeting two nights ago, and if I could inquire about someone who’s been to one?”
bisexual. So.”
They stayed like that for several minutes. Sherlock kept muttering, “I love you, I love you, I love you.” He never wanted to leave this position. He had to. His flight was going to leave soon. As soon as John’s breath was regulated, he gently lifted his head up and shifted slightly backwards. John looked up at him, tear stains on his cheeks. Sherlock felt his heart shatter at the sight and he had to fight not to cry. “I have to go,” Sherlock said, his voice gravelly.
“What?”
Alan Turing.
“Yes, of course gifts.”
“We have to. Sherlock, it’s been off for a while now. Ever since…”
John glanced up at him. “Figured it out?”
John wasn’t even sure where the annoyance with Sherlock was coming from. “It’s okay, Sherlock. It was bound to happen sooner or later.”
Sherlock took a stack of notecards out of his pocket. He had memorized his vows, of course, but he couldn’t do anything that would put his memory at risk. Better to be safe than sorry. “John.” He cleared his throat. “You are the best person I have ever had the good fortune of knowing. The best person I know now.” He cleared his throat again and took a moment to compose himself. “I’m not good at anything that involves feelings or anything of the like. As you know. But I would do anything for you, anything. And I will. I will be with you, always. Always.” He finished with a slight blush as well. The admiration in John’s eyes made the awkwardness of the speech worth it. Everything he had done was worth it to be standing here with John.
“You’ll need to come in for a fine.” Sherlock nodded. The police officer continued talking, but the white noise was back. It filled his ears, and started to cloud his vision. He was pulled off the police officer, his limbs limp and weak.
“Actually, I don’t.” He frowned at her. His mouth was dry. “A glass of water would be nice.”
Word count: 4,586
John pulled Sherlock onto the floor. “I’ll try to remember how to dance properly,” he whispered, his breath warm in Sherlock’s ear.
“Right, well.” Wiggins scratched the back of his throat. “I have to move out.” Sherlock hadn’t been expecting that. “I don’t think I can do this anymore. You’re tearing yourself apart, you’ve gone insane, you attacked an officer. I’m sorry.” Sherlock nodded, numb. With Wiggins gone, who else would he have? Certainly not John, and everyone else would be furious with him about the drugs.
John let go of his hand and brought his hands up to Sherlock’s chest. He pushed, once, hard, and Sherlock fell backwards into the table. His back hit it and pain erupted in him. He didn’t fight back. “John!” Mrs. Hudson rushed forward, but Sherlock waved her off.
John Watson backstory?? I definitely did not mean to go here, it just sort of...happened. Anyways. I should be nearing the end of this fic, but I'm hesitant to put a chapter count because anything could happen. My outline says two more chapters. My outline also had something entirely different planned for this chapter that may have set me back some. I don't know.
“I came to see how you were doing,” John replied easily. “Evidently, you aren’t doing so well.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Maybe it’s not the people,” John said with a grunt, very uninterested. He turned another page in his book.
“Yes. When I was high,” he winced at the word, ashamed that he’d been in that state, “you hated me. You said awful things. Like-like it was disgusting for me to feel this way about you, and you called me a
“Yes, John.”
That’s why he left. He couldn’t bear to see everyone else. So happy, and together. He didn’t need people. He told himself that he didn’t need people. He just needed one. Just that one person. With John around, he didn’t want anyone else. But then John ran off and got married-he supposed he was partially to blame for that, what with the dying and all-but John didn’t need him anymore.
“Yes, well,” John said. He didn’t elaborate.
Finally, Sherlock was dressed and ready to go. Lestrade led him to the altar, where he was to wait for John. Mycroft was officiating, and Lestrade was Sherlock’s best man. Harry was John’s best woman, or whatever the term was. Sherlock was unsure. The guests filed into the room and sat. He stared straight ahead, waiting. After what seemed like an eternity, the doors at the end of the hall opened. And Sherlock stopped breathing.
“I want to make you happy,” Sherlock said. “And I understand if-if possibly
“Too bad, Sherlock. I have questions.” Sherlock steepled his hands. There really wasn’t a way to avoid John’s questions.
The sick feeling in Sherlock’s stomach only increased when John got out of the cab without talking to him, leaving Sherlock to pay the cabbie. Sherlock took his time going up the steps, hearing John say goodnight to Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock slipped into the flat as John brought Rosie up to his bedroom to put her to bed.
“So you’re not devastated over her death?”
Sherlock opened his eyes some time later-minutes? Hours?-to find John staring at him and smiling. He stopped playing and set the violin down. “Yes?”
He frantically tried to wiggle out of bed, to go get help, but he was too weak and ended up falling to the ground. His IV pulled at his hand. His electrodes tangled and tugged at his skin.  His throat was dry and scratchy. A nurse came rushing in.
The guilt from earlier was slowly replaced with something stronger, something more powerful. Something angry and violent and viciously sad. Something that had been festering inside him for years now. He pushed it down. He tried to keep it all inside him. Blowing up at John wouldn’t fix anything. “I would like that as well.” A sour taste filled his mouth.
The end.
John didn’t move, just watched him expectantly. “I can’t do it.”
“Oh, relaxing, relaxing’s boring,” Sherlock said. “Besides, I’m feeling better now.” He spun around to head back upstairs.
“I’m sure he doesn’t-”
“I’m in love with you, you idiot,” John said, laughing through his tears.
“You were high again.” It wasn’t a question.
“Mary?” Sherlock asked, reading his mind. He would be lying if he said he hadn’t expected this. Of course John would break down over Mary at some point. His first Christmas without his wife. A selfish part of him hoped that John didn’t still love her, but of course he did. She was a martyr now. It was easier for John to miss her than for him to condemn her.
“I am to blame,” Sherlock said. “But that’s not the point. This isn’t punishment.” Though in a way it was, he supposed. The euphoric high that gave way to crushing lows. John was speaking to him, but when he came down it wasn’t real. The brief escape from reality that only hurt him more afterwards.
“I know,” John repeated. He swallowed. “I felt the same way.”
?” Wiggins scrambled in after him. Sherlock turned to him in surprise.
Sherlock had to stay sober. He couldn’t give in, not yet, not until he knew John was okay. He watched his hand shake as he made himself stay on the couch. He refused himself even a cigarette. The sun rose, slowly. He hadn’t turned on any lights, so consequently the flat lightened considerably. The sight would have been peaceful, nice even, if not for the hole in his chest. Hollowness that could only be filled by John. Light glanced off a cup on the table. He watched dust swirl through the air as he waited for it to be late enough. Time slowed down as he laid across the couch. He was getting impatient, and worried. He would go to John’s flat, make sure John was okay. Apologise. See if there was anything he could do.
“I’m sorry, that’s confidential,” she said, at least looking slightly apologetic.
“Never, dear.” Mrs. Hudson gave Sherlock a pat on the shoulder and then left the flat, “to go confirm Christmas plans with her sister.” Christmas was soon, only in about three weeks. Sherlock didn’t have plans. He wasn’t going to have plans. He’d spend it with whoever was assigned to him. No presents, no nothing.
“No. That I did that. It still bothers you.”
The door to his flat opened and he spun around.
“Why?” He scowled, affronted.
Sherlock leaned over the body, not touching, just looking. Dylan’s hair was brushed neatly over his forehead. His eyes were cold. His face was pale. Sherlock slipped on his leather gloves, ignoring Olivia’s questioning glare. He brushed a gentle hand across Dylan’s forehead. The skin was cold to the touch. The faintest hint of concealer came off on his fingertips. Sherlock examined it. It was covering up a faint bruise. Sherlock sniffed the body. The scent of formaldehyde wafted back at him, covering up any other traces. He slipped a hand underneath Dylan, in an attempt to find other signs of the murderer. Wiggins peered curiously at the body from behind him.
John stayed out late sometimes. Sherlock knew this, and he knew he couldn’t control John, but did he have to be late? The least John could have done was text him.
Thank you to everyone who's read this!
“Right,” Sherlock said. He walked into his bedroom and flicked on the light. He tugged the curtains shut and pulled a suit out from his wardrobe. Once it was on, he smoothed out any wrinkles in the fabric and sat down on the bed. He clasped his hands together, preparing himself. One last glance around his room, and then he was up and heading back to the sitting room. John glanced him over. Sherlock adjusted his collar as John stood up.
The sinking feeling returned to John’s stomach. “Like a girlfriend?”
Shortly after he heard Rosie’s wake up cries and John’s footsteps, heavy with sleep. He turned on the rest of the lights. It was still early and they glowed in the shadows.
John swallowed. “Come here.” He pulled Sherlock into a one-armed hug, Rosie pressed against chest. Sherlock held on. He didn’t know if this was the last time he’d ever get to hug John again. Maybe John would meet someone and spend all his time with her. He wasn’t gay, after all. John sniffed quietly in his ear.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, evidently reading something in him, though John had no idea what it was. “I’m going out.”
Sherlock looked at him for a moment too long. Mrs. Hudson peered at him curiously. “John,” he said, clearing his throat. “Then why are you here? Obviously,” he gestured to his ribs, “it wasn’t your choice.” The silence in the room was thick and awkward. Sherlock tamped down a strange surge of anger. He deserved what John did, he knew that. Then why did he feel angry about it?
, the way he'd always wanted to. John’s body was warm against his own. Sherlock lost track of time. He didn’t know how long they stayed like that, John quivering in his arms, but Sherlock was more than willing to let him stay there.
On the way out, Lestrade bumped into them. “What are you two doing here?”
John sighed. “He does that when he’s bored. It doesn’t mean anything.”
The hollow feeling spread throughout his stomach, slowly replacing his nausea. God, he needed a cigarette. Or something stronger. Sherlock opted not to call a cab. He could walk home alone, in the rain. It was fine.
“Who got murdered?”
Michael Boothe was an actor. He was beaten to death by six young men by the toilets at Elthorne Park. At the time, these toilets were a popular meeting place for gay men. The men most likely killed him because he was gay. He died 30 April, 1990.
Mycroft walked swiftly to Sherlock’s side. “Are you all right?” Sherlock scanned his face. It was the first time he had ever seen something resembling fear in his eyes.
“You’ll see,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock couldn’t help the faint blush that rose in his cheeks, but he merely said, “I told you, I don’t want to talk about that.”
There is implied previous drug use in this fic, and there is consideration to use again in this chapter. Nothing happens.
He would ask John to kiss him. And he’d figure out John’s feelings based on John’s reaction. He leaned against the wall and waited.
“What would you like?” He asked her. She giggled in response. “Bach? Mendelssohn? Mozart? Brahms?” She clapped her hands together at Brahms. “Good choice.
Sherlock crossed the road without waiting for the light to turn.
“Are you asking me out?”
“No, you
John looked away from him. His voice, however, remained steady even though John’s hand was trembling slightly. “I never wanted this.”
John rubbed circles on the back of Sherlock’s hand and took a drink of his water. “You seem to be doing just fine,” John said. “You’re letting me stay with you with my daughter. In your flat.”
messed up. I’m not perfect, and I still feel wrong about liking men. I guess what I’m trying to say is, I’m willing to try. To get better. To not be ashamed. I want to try. For you.”
“Sherlock.”
John raised an eyebrow. “Do you? Really? So there was a reason that you got high and assaulted an officer? Left rehab?”
Mrs. Hudson was standing in his sitting room when he went back downstairs. He ignored her and went straight to his chair, carefully looking away from the indents in the rug where John’s chair used to be. It was strange to be able to see fully into the kitchen.
Sherlock buried his face in John’s shoulder, shaking. John rubbed up and down his back. “You don’t have to say it back,” John continued. “It won’t change how I feel.”
“I did, yes.” He tried to ignore the bile rising in his throat. It wasn’t fair to Sherlock for him to act like this.
“Well, aren’t you special.” Definitely amusement.
“No.” John was the first to speak, several minutes later. “You aren’t meeting this person. It’s dangerous.”
“Sherlock,” John groaned. “How am I supposed to live up to that?”
“Who?” Sherlock looked mildly interested, which was the best John could have hoped for.
John had looked at him, and Sherlock had looked back, and then they laughed, and then Mary laughed, and then Sherlock realized. He was in love with John Watson. Who had just gotten married. Whose wife was actually pregnant. The smile disappeared from his face. John and Mary went off to dance, and he looked around the room. He knew barely anyone. He wanted to go over to Janine-she was boring, but better than no one-but even she was busy. Molly was with her boyfriend and Mrs. Hudson. And Sherlock was alone again.
*****
The door to the flat opened again. Sherlock whipped his head around. Lights danced in front of his eyes, and he blinked to clear them away. “John?”
“Again.”
“Surely you know who I am?” Sherlock glared at him. He rearranged his expression to look frightening, menacing, and thrusted his phone towards the officer. The officer gulped and signalled for him to go in.
“Yes, didn’t I just say that?” Sherlock’s frown deepened. Lestrade opened his mouth to argue, but John stopped him.
“You just lost your wife.”
Happy New Year everybody. This chapter was up late and I doubt the next one will be up as late. Hopefully. According to Wikipedia, Culverton Smith (BBC not ACD) was inspired by Jimmy Savile, a TV host who was an alleged child sex abuser. I hope I did the BBC character justice. He's probably my least favourite Sherlock villain.
John was startled out of his thoughts by Sherlock making a reappearance. “John?”
“Just tell me what to do. You knew him, you know what he’s like,” Sherlock growled.
Repulsion filled Sherlock. “Get your hands off me.”
“Of course it does, Sherlock.” John shook his head and exhaled. “I thought you were dead for two years. You waltzed back in like nothing was wrong and you expected me to be okay with that.”
Sherlock allowed himself to nod, shame burning inside him. “I’ve never had to pick. Not before tonight. I’m sorry, John.”
John stood up, immediately throwing on his coat. He asked Mrs. Hudson to look after Rosie: “It’s about Sherlock. He’s gone.” He ran out of the flat and called a cab, immediately getting in. “Battersea Park, please.”
Sherlock flushed but didn’t break eye contact. There it was again.
Every word sent spikes of pain through Sherlock. He doubled over as if he was actually being physically hurt. “I’m sorry-I didn’t-”
“You know what list,” Mycroft said, neatly containing his anger behind his cold demeanor. Sherlock waved a hand dismissively towards the table in the kitchen. He winced again.
Somehow, Mycroft knew what he was doing. A car pulled up to the curb and Anthea stepped out.
“You’ve played the same song four times in a row.”
“There’s a good Indonesian place near Baker Street. I’ve had takeaway from there on Christmas before.” He neglected to mention that it had been Christmas a month before he had met John. He had been seriously considering getting high again, just to do
“I need to give you my second gift,” Sherlock announced.
“Yes, you are,” she said, smiling sadly. “I see the way you look at him. You’d do anything for him.”
“Good. Yeah, that’s good.”
No, no, no. “But he was,” Sherlock whined. “You don’t understand. He was just here. I saw him, I talked to him!”
John stirred sleepily. “‘M not supposed to see you.”
“Cleaning,” Sherlock said, trying and failing to hide the wastebasket from him. John reached in and pulled out a receipt.
“Sleep well?” Sherlock made a noise of assent and burrowed into John even more. John chuckled. A sleepy Sherlock Holmes wasn’t what he expected to wake up to on Christmas morning, but he couldn’t have asked for anything better. “Merry Christmas, Sherlock.”
“Why would you want to?” He was mumbling, voice thick from sleep. It was a fair point. John didn’t know why he would want to move. He stroked Sherlock’s curls and Sherlock nuzzled into his chest.
“You like to aggravate people,” John said coolly. Sherlock fell into a stony silence. The queue got shorter and shorter. The restaurant was full tonight. Happy customers, couples, families. They probably had no idea they were eating in the same room as a drug addict. Not an addict, Sherlock thought. Except maybe he was. He didn’t remember the cravings being this bad before. His body itched for relief.
And finally, Sherlock
He returned a minute later with a bag containing Sherlock’s shirt, trousers, and his mobile. Sherlock’s coat was slung over his arm. Sherlock took the bag and slipped the coat on, relishing its familiarity.
“Mm. Good,” John said, moving closer to Sherlock and wrapping an arm around him. Sherlock leaned into him.
a small voice in his head said. He hit the heel of his hand against his head, then ran his fingers through his hair to clear his thoughts. John not talking to him seemed all the more bearable now. He almost couldn’t remember why he was upset. Everything was good right now. John was...gone. Sherlock was fine with that. Really, he was. He lived without John for way over half of his life. He had been fine then, he would be fine now.
“You didn’t kill her,” John said. Sherlock looked up and frowned. “You didn’t. Mary died saving your life. I’m sorry I said that you did.”
“When I faked my death?”
John let out a shout of laughter, startling Sherlock. “I’m an idiot! She wasn’t in love with you after all!”
“Of course I’m not okay,” Sherlock snapped. “Do I look okay?”
“I’m here for you,” John whispered, because he suspected nobody had ever said that to Sherlock before. “You don’t have to pretend around me.” Sherlock blinked again, rapidly. His eyes flickered over John’s face. John took another step closer. “Okay? I’m here. I am. It’ll be okay.” Sherlock nodded, once, and then threw his arms around John, pulling him in. John went willingly into his embrace. His entire body was trembling. Sherlock’s face was buried in John’s hair. John held him tightly. Happiness simmered somewhere inside him. This was good. He liked this hug. Aside from the fact that Sherlock was upset. Sherlock broke the silence by whispering something into John’s hair. He didn’t catch it.
“Be safe,” John said.
“I need you,” Sherlock said plaintively. He loathed how pathetic he sounded, how pathetic it was to
*****
“I need you to elaborate.”
The rest of them had similar information. All were gay. The ones that weren’t married were “frequently seen in the company of [a close friend of the same gender]” according to friends and family. He swallowed.
“Why not? I’m not going anywhere.”
“I said that tonight’s not a danger night,” he said, barely audible this time.
“Oh. Right,” he said. Happiness shone on his face.
John started to laugh, and after a second, Sherlock laughed with him. Chests heaving, the sound was glorious, echoing around the room. And really, Sherlock couldn’t have thought of a better way to wake up.
He had promised. He promised to protect them both. He made a vow. He had failed. Mary was dead. John probably hated him. No, John definitely hated him.
Water ran in rivulets over his skin and dripped into his eyes. It was embarrassing, sitting in the shower like that. It was embarrassing that sharing a bed with John made him feel like this. John didn’t deserve him, he didn’t. He was glad John told him he was still angry, but it hurt. After all, he did it to protect him. When would he and John stop hurting each other? It was a vicious cycle that cut him to the quick repeatedly.
He had dismissed it as something said in the heat of the moment, but perhaps there was some truth to it. After all, he was currently with Sherlock and not her.
John came back soon after to find Sherlock having sprawled over the entire couch. “Sherlock.”
John leaned over and kissed him then. He tasted like Thai food. When they pulled apart, Sherlock stood up. “Let’s go for a walk.”
Sherlock said again.
“I was not put here by law, I checked in myself. I can sign myself out.”
Sherlock jerked his hand away. “John.” He swallowed. “Stop.”
Sherlock shook his head vehemently. He needed to tell John, John had a right to know why Sherlock was so obviously rejecting him, but he simply couldn’t work up the courage.
“John.” His voice was rough and heavy from sleep.
“Forget it. Just forget it.” His eyes were almost pleading, but John could see the familiar stubbornness in the way he clenched his jaw.
“You would have died, John. You, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson. You all would have died. I couldn’t have that happen.” It was in no way an adequate thing to say. It was as far below adequate as one could get, actually. But it was the best he could do.
“I’m back in therapy,” John said after another bit of silence.
“Play,” Rosie demanded from John’s chair.
“John?” Sherlock said anxiously. “I’m sorry you had to see that.”
“Can you tell me?”
-but he did his best. John positioned them so that he was angled to be slightly above Sherlock, though both stayed on their sides. The full-body contact made Sherlock dizzy with something that felt very much like love.
“Yes?” John was sitting opposite him, reading
“Do you want to stay?” The words left Sherlock’s mouth in a rush. Maybe his proposition was too sudden. He didn’t know the length of time one had to be romantically engaged (
“Did she?”
Sherlock stilled. He stopped breathing. Everything stopped.
“Get out,” Anthea told him. John sighed, stepping out of the car. Making his way up to the front steps, he tried to calm his stomach. It was just Sherlock. He had seen Sherlock so many times.
He stood up, checking on Rosie, before making his way into his own bedroom. He got ready slowly, trying to prolong the time before he had to sleep.
John wasn’t up when Sherlock deemed it late enough to get out of bed. He debated playing more violin, but that would probably wake John up and that was the last thing he wanted. John was probably tired, and he would also want to talk. Neither of them were good at that. John was good at bottling up his feelings, and Sherlock was good at insulting people. None of that would be helpful.
Sherlock was sprawled across the couch the day of the sixteenth, staring up at the ceiling and idly wishing for a cigarette. The intense longing was mostly gone by now, but sometimes when he got bored he wanted to indulge. His hands were clasped beneath his chin. The case with Lestrade had just finished up two days ago. He didn’t know what to do now.
“What situation?”
“John would have monitored me himself,” he growled, and continued up the stairs, albeit at a slightly slower pace. His heart pounded quickly in his chest, and he couldn’t tell whether it was from excitement or the cocaine in his veins. He sat back down at his laptop to read the rest of the cases.
Once when Sherlock was very little, Mummy and Daddy took him and Mycroft to Maine. This was during his pirate phase, and he loved all of the lobster boats. He didn’t love eating the lobsters, but he was fascinated by the boats. The Holmes’s had an old family friend there, one who lived on one of the islands, and he allowed Sherlock to go lobstering with him.
“Oh,” John said, and then thankfully didn’t ask any more questions. “Well, let me know if you do want to. I’d be…more than amicable to do that with you.”
“We’ll take the food to go,” Sherlock said, making a snap decision. It turned out to be the right one. John smiled at him gratefully and mouthed thank you. Sherlock nodded. “Baker Street? Or would you like to go home to Rosie?”
“Why would I do that?” Sherlock stared at him, perplexed.
Sherlock lifted his head up, allowing John to move. “You’ll come back afterwards?”
Sherlock didn’t respond, hoping John would go away, but to his surprise John sat down next to him and placed a hand on his shoulder. It was the first time any physical contact had happened between them since Sherlock admitted his feelings. He was so surprised that he turned over.
John faced him. “Who said anything about me leaving?”
Sherlock’s chest tightened, his mouth felt very dry and his whole body trembled. He stayed on the bed, tucking his knees up, for what felt like a very long time as he waited for it to be over. He barely registered that John had left the bathroom and gone upstairs.
“Oh,” John said blankly. He needed to stop assuming Sherlock was attracted to Irene. He was making it glaringly clear that he wasn’t. “Well, I’m sorry you lost her.”
A deep flush radiated through his body and he tried not to let it show on his face. “Mrs. Hudson. I am not gay.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “I believe you’re supposed to be watching me.”
Sherlock always remembered, everything, but he hadn’t even checked what exactly he had been injecting. The cab ride was boring. He stared out the window and deduced the passersby. His brain was moving faster than usual, yet he couldn’t seem to make sense of his deductions. A headache was starting to form. Sherlock closed his eyes and leaned back against the seat.
“Norbury?” She was perplexed, he could tell.
“Yes, yes, alright,” Sherlock said impatiently. “Caught you what?”
“Oh, yes, Rosie,” he said, standing up. “Your daughter.”
“Don’t be an idiot. Of course I do. I already told you so.”
John had shown interest in him, and he had-what? Made up some bullshit line about being married to his work. He laughed harshly, the sound loud in the small bathroom. He didn’t know, then, how essential John would become to him. Sherlock didn’t laugh much, before. He didn’t find much to laugh about. Deduce, yes. Insult the general population, yes. But finding something for him to be genuinely happy about was difficult. And then he was laughing, freely, joyfully, with John in the foyer after a long run through London alleys. He knew in that moment that he would never be the same. John would change him. And he had.
Yes, he knew John’s middle name.
Sherlock brushed his teeth and splashed water on his face. John was sitting perched on a chair in the kitchen when Sherlock came out. His wedding ring glinted in the overhead light. His fist was clenched.
“Yeah, but you thought you could do it alone. You dragged Mary and I all around London, solving your bloody cases, without a single thought to our safety.”
John, laughing, had agreed and both were more than satisfied with the new arrangements.
“You’ll come back, won’t you?” John asked before he could stop himself.
“What do you want?”
Sherlock turned around when he heard him coming over. “I can take her back,” John said. Sherlock reluctantly handed her over. “I think she likes you, though. Did she cry?”
Mycroft sighed. “The drugs, then.”
Sherlock briefly considered leaving his chair, pulling John over to the couch, and curling into him. He decided that any advances like that wouldn’t be welcome. He pressed his luck enough for the day by holding him in Angelo’s. He needed to be careful, cautious, and not pressure John. The atmosphere was fragile around them, and one misstep could shatter them. “I do, John. Your best is all I ask.” Did he have any right to ask that? Maybe. He allowed Mary to die, but he also felt that maybe he deserved some sort of apology from John.
“When you came back.”
“Hey. Stop that.” John rested a hand on his shoulder. “It’s totally fine if you’re not ready.”
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock responded. “Now, you’re evidently very tired. Go to sleep.”
Sherlock was certain that his face flushed. “I wasn’t staring.” He injected as much disdain into his voice as he could muster. Which unfortunately, wasn’t very much.
A shower actually sounded quite lovely, so Sherlock stood up. His hair fell greasily into his eyes, and a twinging in his ribs reminded him that they were very much not healed yet.
“I don’t know if I know that one,” John admitted, and felt Sherlock chuckle against him. “Why do you like it?”
Sherlock sat up with a cry. He was breathing heavily. His sheets were tangled around his legs, his hands twisted in them. His shirt was soaked through with sweat.
“But I won’t have you.”
“Damn,” John muttered. He moved away from Sherlock and sat up, swinging his legs off the bed.
“I should probably go to bed.”
He was dragged out of his reverie by a hand on his shoulder. Mycroft. “What do you want?” Sherlock’s voice was low and harsh. His throat burned from the vomit.
John’s eyes met his when he glanced up. “Yes?”
So why would you even bother?”
The movie finished without a change in their positions. Sherlock was too tired to move, suddenly, so he stretched out and laid his head in John’s lap. “Is this okay?” He couldn’t help the small bubble of anxiousness in his stomach.
“He hates me,” he said, and that was all he was able to say before his throat closed up.
Sherlock frowned at him. “Obviously I don’t. I’m a recovering addict, remember? Why would I have alcohol?” Alcohol never tempted him, but Mycroft decided that it was safer for him to be away from any addictive substances.
John scratched the back of his neck. “Not sure. I don’t want to look through everything today. I’ll just grab what’s mine and come back some other time.”
“But you don’t mind exposing me to them?”
Sherlock’s legs buckled as he hit the ground. He rolled, coming to a stop directly in front of the door. It was open slightly. The lock on the door was bent. Someone had tried to close it, in a hurry, but couldn’t. The killer? Sherlock pressed his back to the door. The angle worked. It fit with the angle of the bullet in the man’s chest.
*****
John turned around when he heard Sherlock’s door opening and gave him a wan smile. “Morning.”
“I need you to make some for me.”
“I’ll help you.”
Wiggins raised his eyebrows. “Won’t your boyfriend mind?”
“Do? You can’t do anything, John. You’ve done enough.”
John’s heart was beating irrationally fast. It was just Sherlock. Just Sherlock. He wondered exactly what Sherlock would do when he saw John.
This is it. The end. I have to admit, I've been planning this chapter for weeks now but it was more difficult to write out than I had anticipated. Anyways, here it is.
“You know I’m not gay.” Sherlock nodded. “I could never have feelings for you.” He nodded again, pressing his mouth into a straight line. He had finally managed to put the papers in order. “It’s disgusting that you feel that way.”
“I did?” For the first time, Molly sounded confused.
“Of course I style it, John.” He scowled. John’s hair was messed up a bit too, but it looked perfect.
Sherlock heated up the soup along with some toast for them. He carried the plates over to John. John’s chair hadn’t been brought down yet. Sherlock wasn’t ready to do that, not unless John would move back in. Which he wouldn’t. So Sherlock hadn’t brought it down. John usually sat on the couch or at the table near the window. He was there now, poking at his laptop.
In the cab, he had tried to work up the courage to take John’s hand, but he didn’t want to scare him off. John was unusually quiet, and an uncomfortable feeling started to bloom in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach. John thought it was a mistake, but how could it have been? It was exactly what Sherlock had wanted for years, and to him it had been perfect. Apparently not to John, who was staring out the window, gripping his knees hard enough that his knuckles turned white. So Sherlock sat and watched London go by through the window and thought. Mostly about John. The kiss had been exactly eleven seconds long - not too short, but not very long either. John looked surprised when he had pulled away, so it must have been something he hadn’t thought over beforehand. The only question was what John would do next.
Debated this one for awhile. Eventually I just said "fuck it, it fits."
“Is-was-” Sherlock couldn’t seem to get the words out.
John opened his mouth as if to say something. Instead he said nothing. John nodded and disappeared upstairs without another word, leaving Sherlock alone in his chair.
“Remember what I said, Sherlock. Caring is not an advantage,” Mycroft said, softly. Sherlock said nothing.
“Is the table sanitised?”
“I know.”
“I saw her two days ago. She came home from school, locking herself in her room. That was odd. Normally she’ll sit in the kitchen and do her homework. I put it down to her having a bad day. I asked her if she was okay, she told me to leave her alone. I scolded her,” her voice broke at this. “Later that evening, she asked if she could go meet with some friends. I said okay, if she didn’t stay out too late. I haven’t seen her since.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock snapped, and coughed. “My ribs are broken so if you could just shut up, that would be lovely.”
He awoke in a cold sweat. John wasn’t there.
“Never.”
before John needed to put Rosie to bed.
“In my…”
John shook his head. “No. No, I’m not okay. I was doing fine. I was doing great, actually, before you
“But I am sorry about what I did. I had to. I wish I hadn’t done it, but I had to.”
“Besides, I offered to walk her dog.”
“What?” This was a rather alarming request from John, seeing as he had been playing violin all day.
“Come in.” Too tired to even snap at Mycroft, Sherlock pushed himself into a seated position, reclining against the headboard.
The map he’d hung up showed all their locations. Seemingly with nothing in common, he was determined to find an underlying factor. They all must have something in common. He was puzzling it out.
“If you’re hungry, go make breakfast. While I’d love to stay here with you, Rosie probably needs attention.”
“Who’s coming?”
Enjoy!
Sherlock hadn’t heard John stand up from the kitchen. He hadn’t even heard him come into the bathroom. “You’re a doctor, diagnose me,” Sherlock snapped, and then threw up again.
“The killer wants me to meet them tomorrow. Probably to end me, I’d suppose. It’s fine.”
All too soon, John stirred from his position on Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock closed his eyes and hoped fervently that he looked asleep.
“Whatever you want,” John said. “Obviously I’d be happy to have sex with you, but only if you want to.” He stared off into the distance, contemplating something. Sherlock knew what it was. He hoped that John would accept a brief answer and not an entire monologue. He didn’t have it in him for that. Also, he was very close to crying and he didn’t really understand why. And then John asked, “I thought that being asexual meant that you didn’t want to have sex, ever?”
“I need to sleep.” Sherlock’s face fell slightly. “And so do you.”
“You’re not...mad?”
“Yeah, you will.” His door shut with a click and Sherlock opened his eyes. John was right, he would tell him. He’d tell him right before he left, in case something went wrong. John would be there. He always was.
After Sherlock said this, John just stared at him. Mouth slightly open, lips parted. For the briefest second, Sherlock wanted to press forward, take John in his arms and kiss him. His hand twitched, like it was going to take John’s, and he glared at it. John’s eyes were wide, dark blue, and so beautiful. Sherlock’s heart hurt.
“Besides, this is my wedding, not yours.”
Sherlock didn’t have the energy to do anything but stand under the warm water, his head leaning against the wall of the shower. He wasn’t sure how long he stayed under the water. He wasn’t even sure what he was doing.
“I agree,” John said quietly. “About Mary.”
“No, it’s not.” John refrained from calling him an idiot. That really wouldn’t help anything.
“I’m in love with you too,” John said, yawning again. He closed his eyes. Sherlock kept his arm around him. “Thank you,” John said quietly. “Thank you.”
“God, yes.”
“I moved in years ago.” John smiled warmly at him. “I don’t think I ever really left.”
He stopped in his tracks. He didn’t need to go to that. He knew he was doing better.
“Of course.” Sherlock absentmindedly stroked the back of John’s hand. A new song started on the radio.
“I suppose,” John said.
“When I was twelve, my mum got ill. It started as influenza, but then it turned into pneumonia. She worsened quickly, very quickly. We couldn’t afford doctor’s bills. She was confined to her bed. We couldn’t help her. Without proper care, there was no chance of her living. She died later that month.” John blinked rapidly. “Nobody could save her. My dad was a wreck about it. He turned to drinking.” Sherlock exhaled. “He-he became an alcoholic. He said terrible things about me. About Harry. About Mum. It started out with a beer or two in the evenings. Harry and I learned to stay away from him when he was drinking. We’d go and sit under the tree in the backyard, or we’d go to a convenience store. Harry became the only person I could talk to. It continued that way for almost three years.
“Hi, uh, Greg,” John said. “Is Sherlock with you?”
“I can’t fucking do this.” John fell forward, pressing his head against the glass. His hands gripped the sill.
“Sherlock.” A gentle touch at his wrist brought him back to the present. “Look at me.”
Sherlock was bent back over the toilet, because apparently even though he hadn’t actually eaten anything his stomach was trying to destroy itself. “Are you okay?”
“So. Why are you here?” Sherlock remained silent, motioning for Mrs. Hudson to tell him.
“That doesn’t really answer my question.” He decided not to respond. Olivia could think what she wanted. It didn’t matter to him.
“I wasn’t going to. What would the point of that be?”
“Um. Okay. Why don’t you come in?”
“You confessed.”
The water was lukewarm and high-pressured, beating down on his sore body. His stomach clenched and he thought,
John finds Sherlock with the help of Mycroft. Sherlock confesses and then leaves...again. John doesn't know what to make of this - he finally understands - so he remembers his previous crushes, including his ex-boyfriend Christopher (original character). He and Christopher broke up when John's dad caught them kissing. John was hit because of this. All John and Sherlock need to do is talk about it, but they are still terrible at communicating.
John laughed quietly. “We’ve never been good at communication.”
He quickly got Rosie from Mrs. Hudson and brought her to bed before meeting Sherlock in their living room. He couldn’t look Sherlock in the eye. Sherlock was leaning against the doorframe to the kitchen, watching him.
“Doesn’t excuse the kiss.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said.
This fic takes place after S4. It is named after Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark's song "If You Leave." Yes, this is a breakup song, but it seems to fit the story so I just went with it. Each chapter is named after a specific lyric in the song as well.
“So,” Sherlock said, licking his lips nervously.
“A murder would be perfect, John.” He frowned. Perfect for him, maybe. Not so perfect for John. “Anyways. Is all the music set up?” The music had been a touchy subject for them. Sherlock had wanted to play the music of their first dance, but that wouldn’t be practical.
way, because having John there due to current circumstances was certainly less than ideal.
“This is impractical,” Sherlock said after a few minutes.
“Here. Mycroft told you where I was.” Of course he knew that John had called Mycroft.
“Exactly.”
So here we are. They still aren't talking. I mean, you can't really blame Sherlock. No one wants to hear rejection. And about the song - I sort of envisioned it as a combination of the songs "Waltz for John and Mary" (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72Qx3B4T2mw) and "Who You Really Are" (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEFJDnLJrng). It is a love song that Sherlock wrote for John, and he just had to play it. John doesn't know Sherlock was awake. And Mrs. Hudson seems to know a lot more than she let on...
“You were my best man. Best men aren’t supposed to leave early.”
he thought, rather viciously.
Molly had taken her seat. There was John, standing up slowly. Gripping the pew behind him for support. He walked to the front of the room and turned around, something grasped loosely in his hand. Sherlock’s heart twisted unpleasantly at the sight of his face. It was drawn and pale, exhausted and grieving. Sherlock could see that much in the dimness. He opened his mouth to say something. His voice was quiet, guarded. “Mary is-was-” his voice broke. Sherlock put a hand on the wall to steady himself. “She was my wife. And I-I miss her.” John swallowed. “The first time I met her, I had just gotten off an incredibly long shift. It was flu season, and parents were so worried. Unnecessarily, for the most part. Very frustrating.” He tried for a weak smile. “Anyways, I walked out of my office to see her. She came over and told me that she’d be starting work here. I was a little skeptical at first, because I didn’t even know we had an opening. In my defence, I had been off for a while. Ever since-” he paused, took a breath. Ever since I died, Sherlock added silently. “Well. We started talking, and next thing I knew, I was buying her dinner.” His smile was a little stronger this time. Someone in the audience chuckled. “We just...hit it off from there, I guess. I don’t know. She made me feel alive, made me feel happy again.” Sherlock’s lips twitched. He used to be the one to make John feel like that. He was the reason John stopped feeling like that. Twice now. “I’m certain that I’ll never forget about her. I’m sorry she had to die. I’m sorry for how she died.” John grimaced. Sherlock almost doubled over, his words hurting, stinging. He was certain John was directing those words at him. He had to force the lump in his throat to go away. John, pausing, scanned the audience. Sherlock pressed back into the wall. John’s gaze settled on someone and he furrowed his brow. He looked away, but then glanced up again. “Well. She wasn’t always the best, but she was-” he stopped again, his eyes flicking back to the audience. Sherlock followed his gaze to Mycroft. Of course. John wouldn’t have expected him to be there. “She was my wife. I loved her.” John cleared his throat and took a seat, after leaving his eyes on Mycroft as he sat down. Sherlock glared at the back of Mycroft’s head.
John felt Sherlock inhale deeply before responding. “Probably. Her girlfriend will most likely want one.”
“Come on,” she said. “It seems like you could use the distraction.”
“That was an awfully long shower,” Wiggins remarked. Sherlock scowled at him. “I assume you want me to move out?”
“I. Um. I apologise for yesterday.”
Sherlock pushed himself away from the window and stretched. His ribs were still sore, but they were mostly healed. He had full mobility, even if he had to be cautious sometimes and avoid heavy lifting. Not that he was doing anything that would cause lifting, having not taken any cases since the intervention. Moving John’s chair was the obvious exception, and Lestrade had borne most of the weight. He wondered briefly how Lestrade was doing. And then he wondered about Mycroft, and Mrs. Hudson, and his parents.
“Yeah, sorry about that. Molly got talking.”
The doctor tipped a small pill into his hand and then gave it to Sherlock. He put it in his mouth, ignoring how much it hurt to swallow. The relief was almost instantaneous. The pain ebbed away until he could breathe again.
“You know that’s not going to stop me from talking to you?” John said. Sherlock cracked an eye open enough to let John know he was very displeased. “I just wanted to say that...well, if I can do anything besides not blogging, let me know.”
“I couldn’t help overhearing your conversation with that woman-Molly, was it?-as you two were rather loud. I wanted to say that it’s not bad. How you feel.” Wiggins averted his eyes. Sherlock felt a blush rise to his cheeks. “Also I told you I knew that something was going on between you two.”
“You’re my best friend. Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson, remember?”
“Afternoon, love,” John said.
“What do you mean?”
Lestrade’s voice was gentle when he asked, “Do you need help carrying his chair back down here?”
He tipped his head back, clasping his hands even tighter. A burning feeling settled in his eyes and throat, an interesting contrast to the ever-present numbness.
“I know,” she said. “I’m here if you change your mind, though.” With that she took her hand off his shoulder and faced the door.
He also thought about his anger at John’s father, and by extent his sister. Clearly, people in his past did their very best to treat John as insignificant. Sherlock’s heart ached at that. John was perhaps the most significant person he knew, and it hurt that John himself didn’t know that.
The one he wrote for John.
“No. Let him do what he wants. He’s entitled.” He swallowed. “I killed his wife.”
Sherlock hesitated. He hadn’t been out of the flat since he overdosed on the case. It would do him well to get fresh air. On the other hand, he was a long way from recovering and was still very shaky. “Okay,” he agreed, finally.
“Hmm?” Sherlock was on his side, watching John before he fell asleep.
Sherlock nodded and smiled for real. “Of course.”
Molly shook her head. “You’re in love with him, Sherlock.”
“You should-well. You should probably come see this,” she said, her voice cracking. “Barts. The morgue.”
“I do,” Sherlock said, and slid the other ring onto John’s finger. A tear managed to slip down his cheek, and he blinked it away, never breaking eye contact with John. John’s expression was so soft, so tender. Sherlock never wanted to look away.
Sherlock clicked on the light so he could see John’s face. “Are you serious?”
He used to do that. Back before Mary. Sherlock was once again filled with so much love for him that it took everything in him not to hug him right then and there.
Sherlock thought they were getting better, and to be honest they were. He was just weak. He pressed his hand to the bottom of the shower and glared at it. He could do this. He and John could do this.
He closed his eyes and leaned against the outside of the restaurant, trying not to panic or cry. He was so sure that he and John were healing. So certain. His breath sped up. He would not have a panic attack now. He pressed two fingers to the inside of his wrist, taking his pulse. His mind palace shook. The railing of the staircase started to crumble. He focused all his energy on stopping it, until-
“Have you really not known that? It seemed so obvious.”
And then he remembered.
.” Sherlock tried to keep his voice steady, but the look on John’s face told him he was unsuccessful.
“I don’t deserve you,” John whispered. His eyes glittered with new forming tears.
“Where do you live?”
John fell to his knees, clutching the phone. Tears burned in his eyes.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, and kissed him again. This time, they were interrupted by Rosie demanding him to play again. Sherlock stepped back, but kept his hands on John’s shoulders.
“Well,” John said. “Does it bother you that it’s so soon?”
His stomach dropped instantly. He couldn’t do it, couldn’t listen. He wanted Mycroft to shut up. “I’m sorry, John.” Mycroft kept talking, but a buzzing sound filled John’s ears. He had heard enough. He knew. He hung up.
That was all that was written. He made a low noise in the back of his throat. Molly tightened her hold on his arm, but he roughly shrugged her off. He spun around, leaving the morgue. The door slammed shut behind him. He took off at a run, not sure where he was going. He needed to leave. He threw open doors, tore down empty corridors.
He knew that it probably wasn’t a good idea to count, but he couldn’t do anything else. The hollowness hadn’t gone away overnight, not even a little. He was holding yet another cold cup of tea. It was full. He hadn’t even tried to sip at it. John’s chair was still taunting him, the flat cold and empty. There were traces of John and Mary everywhere. It was driving him crazy. Sherlock thought and he thought and he thought about what to do. Finally, he picked up his phone and made a call.
Alan Turing was a mathematical genius who helped to win World War II, but was chemically castrated due to him being homosexual. After a year of this, he died by eating an apple laced with cyanide. The presumed cause of death is suicide, but it's not certain. He died 7 June, 1954.
“Mind palace,” he said, by way of explanation. “I hope Rosie didn’t get bored?”
“Sherlock.” She turned to him. “I mean this kindly, but. John doesn’t want to see you, so if you arrive at his flat he won’t talk to you. Get in the boot.” Each word felt like a punch in the gut. He climbed in the boot, knowing she was right. She slammed it shut behind him, encasing him in the darkness. He shut his eyes.
“What do you want for dinner?” Sherlock asked, trying to pretend like he wasn’t hurt. And really,
Sherlock’s eyes burned at the memory. After everything he had been through tonight, this was what made him cry?
Sherlock lashed out. “How can I
*****
“Doctor Watson called. I told him you were here.”
He groaned, shutting his eyes again. Maida Vale, what happened in Maida Vale? He knew he had heard it before. Think. Something had happened there, to someone. He ran through the lists of people. Someone he admired, perhaps?
“Yes, I got caught kissing another boy.”
He hadn’t expected Mary to be there, not at all. His speech was automatically pushed to the back of his mind, and a strange cold feeling enveloped him. Things hadn’t been the same since, and he knew it was his own fault. John moved on. That’s what people
Her expression softened as she reached for his hand. “Whatever happened, you two better ‘kiss and make up,’ as I believe the saying goes.”
“Yes, she was.”
“Mrs. Hudson never gets tired of Rosie, but she is your daughter.” Sherlock wished Rosie was their daughter, but he was just a godfather. Rosie was John’s daughter. After he said this, they sat in silence. “Okay, you’ve got questions,” Sherlock deduced after John’s silence became infuriating. He was tapping his fingers on the arm of his chair, opening his mouth slightly to speak, and shutting it again. John nodded.
“Sherlock.” Angelo smiled at him. “Nice to see you again.” He held out his hand. Sherlock took it. “And Doctor Watson. Would you like a table?”
“I don’t know. You’re Sherlock fucking Holmes. Nobody knows why you do what you do.”
“Yes, but you’re my idiot,” Sherlock said, and kissed the top of his head again. “Would it bother you if I went?” His voice changed, became more uncertain with a rough edge of sadness.
“John,” Sherlock said, gravely. “The groom is not supposed to see the bride. You’re not the bride, and I’m certainly not the bride. You can see me.”
“Here. Lie down with me. Tell me about it.” After a bit of manoeuvring, Sherlock was lying on his side and John was facing him. He started to speak, telling John everything about the boy he had saved and then had ultimately let down. John was a good audience.
“Sherlock?” Sherlock didn’t respond. “I know you’re awake.” He still said nothing. “Don’t do this.”
“I know,” he said again. Rosie appeared to agree with her. He kissed the top of her head.
“Her room?”
“Harry’s told me a lot.”
John pushed the door open. He sucked in a breath when he saw Sherlock, who was curled beneath a blanket. Only his messy curls were visible. For a moment, John imagined walking over and curling beneath the blanket with him. He was probably warm, and John was tired.
“Yeah, actually, can we talk about that?” The emotion in John’s voice surprised Sherlock. He thought they had, well, maybe not moved past, but at least discussed all there was to discuss about them.
Sherlock thought to himself. “Just past two, perhaps.”
“No. I think we agree that that would not be ideal. However,” Mycroft took a breath, “Molly’s going to be spending the holiday with her boyfriend. Mrs. Hudson is going to her sister’s. And Lestrade is going to be with his parent’s.”
It had been easy to tell when everything would change. He knew, as soon as he called John from the roof, that things would be different. Even he knew that faking his death (and worse, doing it in front of someone he cared about immensely) was considered a bit not good. He knew it, and he did it anyway. He spent the next two years waiting for the moment he could see John again. When he was being tortured, beaten to a pulp in the underground chambers of Moriarty’s secret network, the thought of John was the only thing that kept him alive. He had this elaborate plan. He would come back to John, surprise him. He was prepared for John to be angry. He thought John would get over his initial burst of anger quickly. It was what he did. Lash out, and then be cold and distant afterwards. He would go to John. He would explain everything. He had a whole speech prepared. He still had it memorised, for God’s sake.
Breakfast was finished quickly and they moved into the sitting room. The first hints of awkwardness settled over them. Neither wanted to speak, but both knew they had to. Sherlock laid himself over the couch. John sat on the floor playing with Rosie.
He blinked into consciousness again, this time to the face of Mycroft staring down at him. He considered shutting his eyes again, to be petulant, but didn’t have the energy to argue. Instead, he shut his eyes because it hurt too much to keep them open.
He closed his eyes and felt John’s fingers smoothing his hair. He leaned slightly into the touch. The flat was warm, John’s touch soothing. His mind slowed down a bit, but it wasn’t frustrating. It was nice. Comfortable. He slipped into a deep, dreamless sleep.
John hated the drugs. Sherlock had tried to keep them a secret, but bloody Lestrade had to go and ruin everything. He was lucky John hadn’t left him after that. Incredibly lucky.
“Sherlock...you’re an addict.” Sherlock had nothing to say to that. He glared at Lestrade. “Fine. Fine.” He put his head in his hands. “If I find you on this stuff again-just one more time!-I’m telling Mycroft.”
Sherlock raised himself out of bed when he thought it was late enough. Twitching restlessly, he put on the kettle to make tea. John would be up shortly. His habit of rising early was something he hadn’t quite managed to get rid of from his time in Afghanistan. He poured a splash of milk into his cup.
Enough that it allowed Sherlock to be brave. “Tonight, though, should be on my bed. It’s bigger.”
Sherlock looked up. His eyes were red.
John gestured to the door. “Lead the way.”
John laughed. “It’s okay, Sherlock.”
“I don’t really care,” Sherlock growled. “I don’t care.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said, and then, “Thank you.” The silence stretched on, awkward and palpable.
him? Forgive him for blaming me for the death of his wife? Whom he left me for? Forgive him for hitting me? Forgive him for breaking my ribs? Forgive him for putting me in a hospital? I messed up. Badly. But so did he.” Sherlock laughed bitterly, his chest tightening.
to waltz.
“Yeah.” John rubbed his thumb across Sherlock’s knuckles. “I understand. We’ve done a lot to each other.”
Sherlock glanced away. “Right after it happened.”
“Why don’t I guess the surprise? I could probably deduce it. Right now, you’re slightly nervous, as seen in the way you’re standing perfectly still except, your left hand holding something in your pocket, rubbing it, which means whatever it is is small and probably makes you emotional, because you wouldn’t be nervous if it was something ordinary. You’re not good at feelings.” John opened his mouth, but Sherlock kept talking. “You evidently want it to be a surprise and the fact that you came home early from the clinic means you’ve been planning it for quite some time, not to mention you were strangely quiet this morning. I put it down to you feeling ill over the mold samples in our room, but now I see there’s something different-”
“I’m so-I’m so sorry.”
and Sherlock had grinned into John’s hair. Sherlock had tried to stay awake, and had managed it for long enough to put every second of this into his Mind Palace, but eventually he ended up surprising himself and falling asleep. He blamed John.
“Obviously,” Sherlock said. “And really? I found her annoying.”
“You were having a nightmare,” Sherlock explained softly. “But you’re okay now.”
“Can you hold her?” John asked him. Sherlock froze. He hadn’t been allowed to hold Rosie since, well, since Mary was alive. John was still speaking. Sherlock wrenched himself back into the present. “-breath smells horrible,” John finished, looking at him expectantly.
Mrs. Hudson was back at Baker Street and waiting upstairs for him. “You didn’t go to the funeral,” she scolded. “John would have wanted you to.”
“Why what?”
At that Sherlock’s head popped up. John widened his eyes in alarm at his change in demeanor. His eyes lit up and John thought he looked similar as to when he got a case with several murders. “It’s Christmas,” he informed John.
John shrugged. “If you don’t want to, yeah.”
The ride to Baker Street was silent. Sherlock focused on controlling his breathing and not giving anything away. Anything he was feeling. He could feel John’s eyes on him, but decided to ignore it. John could wait. For the first time since Baskerville, Sherlock was afraid. And this time, he wasn’t drugged. He was truly afraid.
Their wedding day.
A cry from Rosie interrupted them after some time. John flinched. Sherlock immediately sat up and slid off of John. He discreetly wiped at his face with his hand. Not that it mattered, of course. John had seen him break down.
“What?”
Sherlock tried to protest, he tried to say something, but all that came out was a muffled groan. He had the vague sensation of being carried down the stairs and shoved into a car. His vision blackened and he was falling, deeper, wondering if John would come to save him.
Night had fallen hours ago. Sherlock hadn’t moved from his chair. He and John got home, John put Rosie to bed, and then by mutual agreement John went upstairs with her and Sherlock stayed in the sitting room. Part of him wished that John was with him, but the other part of him was glad that John was upstairs. It provided an opportunity for him to sort out more of his feelings. Ever since his outburst, his anger at John slowly receded. There were only flickers of it left, and none of the flickers were very intense. He just needed time to process everything before he was able to fully forgive him. So he sat in his chair and thought and sorted everything into his mind palace.
“But you told me to stay with her.”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s wrong, Mr. Holmes. So, so wrong.” His voice was smooth, dripping like honey.
John sighed. Whatever was coming next was going to be very difficult.
When it was a quarter past midnight he slipped out of bed and crept down the stairs. At the door to their flat, he listened carefully. Sherlock could usually hear when he was going down the stairs, but he heard nothing. He pushed the door open and paused, waiting to see if Sherlock would come to him. Again, nothing.
“The first night at Angelo’s,” John said, flashing back to it. “Right before we went on a bloody run around London.” He distinctly remembered feeling nettled at Angelo assuming they were on a date, but later realised it was because Sherlock was treating it like it wasn’t a date by not affirming Angelo’s assumption. And maybe John wanted it to be one. John had only met Sherlock a short while ago, but he was already disappointed that they weren’t on a date. It was slightly maddening. He glanced at the photographs and saw Sherlock do the same.
“Figure that out.”
“Thank you.”
He had nodded eagerly, and then curiously reached out and touched one of the lobsters before it was banded. It resulted in him getting pinched. He was returned to Mummy and Daddy in tears with an apologetic sternman in tow.
Olivia bent over her with a sob, placing a gentle hand on her face. Madison’s eyes flickered open. “Mom?”
John sat down and unwrapped his chopsticks. He broke them apart, the sound echoing through the small kitchen. Sherlock followed suit. As he ate his egg rolls, he eyed John’s potstickers. The smell coming from them nearly made his mouth water. He was feeling okay tonight. He put his hunger down to the past few days of little food.
Apologies for any spelling or grammar errors.
He slid one hand up into John’s hair to hold his head steady. And they were kissing.
Sherlock shifted against him in alarm. “John, surely you don’t believe in that.”
Mycroft rested a hand on Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him. He clearly wanted something from Sherlock. “I just wanted to say.” Mycroft cleared his throat. Sherlock didn’t drop his gaze. “I have always believed that caring is not an advantage.”
“Well, yeah, I thought so. Besides, maybe you should be a bit more lenient with him.” Lestrade said it kindly, but white-hot anger flared through Sherlock. Maybe it was because he allowed himself to be angry at John for leaving. Maybe it was because he was tired of loving him. Maybe it was because he didn’t want John to feel forced to be with him. “Maybe forgive him? He just lost his wife.”
“I did,” Sherlock said.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. John placed their orders and didn’t ask Sherlock to eat anything else.
“Good.”
“Hi, Sherlock,” John said. They looked at each other awkwardly for a moment.
“Yes. I’ll meet you in the kitchen.”
“Wiggins!”
Sherlock collapsed to the ground after this. His legs gave way and he fell, slowly, avoiding John and his venom. His heart iced over. Protection. John’s words cut him raw, stripped him open, so he froze himself. Avoid. Lock out the emotions. It was too much to feel. He wanted to sink into the ground, sink so low into the earth that he burned at the core.
“I love you,” he said softly.
Sherlock woke up the next morning to the sound of low voices and someone moving around in the kitchen. A laugh rang out. He frowned and tried to remember who was in his flat, and then realised: John and Rosie spent the night. A smile formed unbidden on his face and he slipped out of bed to go greet them. He put on one of his dressing gowns-the blue one-and made his way out of his bedroom to the kitchen.
Sherlock shrugged. “Not really. It will be, I think. I’m doing my best.”
“I have a surprise.” John surprised himself by keeping his voice steady.
“I’ll be right here,” Sherlock muttered, reaching for the syringe. He knocked a flask over in the process.
“John,” Sherlock said as John walked over to him. John smiled in spite of himself, because Sherlock always knew when John was near him.
“I’m saying it again.” Sherlock resumed his playing. John sat in the chair to watch.
“‘Normal’ is a construct created by people who feel that the only way they are of value is if they fit in with everyone else.”
“Irene? You mean The Woman? I don’t understand, you don’t care about her.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock said, and chuckled again. “I could say the same about you.”
“It’s softer than I thought,” John murmured. “It must be all of those poncy products you use.”
“How did you find me?” Not an answer.
“Yes?” Sherlock was unable to look at him.
“You can’t possibly know what I’m going to say,” John said. “I barely even know what I’m going to say.”
He threw the cat away and left the phone. It would be useful if he ever needed to contact Irene. Not that he would want to, but it was a reminder of how he beat her. A trophy of sorts. When the table was sorted, bills and paperwork filed away in a neat pile, the newspapers back in the drawer, he turned around back to John. John hadn’t moved.
“I thought we established that I wasn’t,” Sherlock said softly, feeling his heart shatter at the words.
His throat was raw, his body numb. He curled up under the blankets and shivered, closing his eyes. Praying that when he woke up tomorrow this would all be a dream. Just a bad dream. But as he was drifting off, as he finally allowed exhaustion to overtake him, he knew that wasn’t true.
“No, you’re not.” Lestrade glowered at him.
“You’ve been here for a while, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said gently.
“Please do,” Sherlock said softly. He placed a hesitant hand on John’s shoulder. John didn’t move away from the contact but he didn’t lean into it, either. After an awkward moment Sherlock removed his hand, face burning with shame. “All right. I’ll be back.”
I didn't mean for this whole chapter to be a case, but it worked and that's the way it went so I left it.
“No. Should it? She shot me. I didn’t like her after that.”
This was it, then.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock said. “I don’t understand what you mean by ‘someone like that.’”
With a sigh, he turned away from the river to begin the walk back.
“Sherlock!” Mrs. Hudson called from downstairs. “Client!”
Mycroft leaned back in Sherlock’s chair and folded his arms. “Do you know why I’m here?”
Sherlock clenched his fist into the sheets. “Oh,” he said again. His voice came out sounding strangled.
“Who?”
“I think I should get some sleep.”
“Hi,” he said.
“I see.”
“Your motivation matters to me.”
“Let him,” Sherlock said through gritted teeth. “I deserve it.”
“She can come here, you know.”
John didn’t know exactly where Mycroft’s house was. He supposed he could ask Sherlock, but he had no idea as to what Sherlock’s current state of mind was. He hesitantly decided to just start walking in the general direction of somewhere, and hoped that Mycroft would pick him up.
Sherlock raised his eyes to meet John’s. John glared at him. Sherlock cleared his throat. “It’s true.” He figured it was best to be honest. John couldn’t possibly get more angry. There wasn’t anything Sherlock could do to ruin it more.
Sherlock was jolted back into reality by the chorus of one of the songs on the album. It used to be his favourite one, back in University days, when all he wanted was for the holidays to be over.
“Do you mind if I go up to bed?”
Sherlock told him, and John happily obliged.
“Middle of the night. We had a row.”
John entered the flat flustered, eyes blown wide in panic. “Sorry I’m late,” he said. “I couldn’t find a sitter for Rosie, but I didn’t want to bring her, and by the time I found someone I was over an hour late.”
This was new, and a bad development. Sherlock adamantly told John how much he hated Mycroft any chance he got, so if he went there things must’ve been worse than John assumed. And he’d assumed that they were pretty bad already.
“We’re here.”
Sherlock relaxed more into his touch. “No, it was...fine. It was good.”
“Yeah. Right.” He let out a shaky breath. “Rosie. Fuck. I can’t believe-all the hurt I’ve caused you-”
And then immediately felt guilty for thinking that, even though it was true.
Sherlock nodded. He found that he couldn’t quite speak.
Some upbeat song was playing. John and Sherlock were taking a break from the dancing - god, there was so much dancing, not that he was complaining - when Harry and Clara walked up. Harry was holding Rosie and beaming, and Clara had her arm around Harry. Sherlock was relieved. Their relationship was going strong. Harry hadn’t drank anymore, hadn’t even drank champagne during the reception.
Sherlock hung up. “Time to go, John.” John asked asked Mrs. Hudson to keep an eye on Rosie, who was sleeping, then they took a cab to Bromley.
“You and Sherlock often row. I’m sure he’ll turn up.”
“I’m not your…” but she trailed off, and soon he shut the door to 221B behind him.
Sherlock watched as John left the room. He let out a little breath of air. Remnants of the nightmare floated through his mind, and he locked them away in his room reserved for nightmares. Kept them in case he needed to utilize them, though he wasn’t entirely certain for what.
do you think you’re doing?”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock choked out. He flipped over and buried his face in the pillow.
“Did you? Or did you just lie awake staring at me the whole time?”
His hair was plastered to the top of his head and he was nearly shivering when he decided to return to Baker Street. Neither the fairly long walk nor staring at the river helped much to clear his head, but he didn’t feel anxious about returning any more. Facing John was a scary idea, but one that he needed to do. He figured it would be easier to face John after he had slept and wasn’t freezing with cold.
Sherlock’s rehabilitation was going well. He still had cravings so bad that he couldn’t function, but they were becoming more and more manageable and spaced farther apart. Mycroft didn’t trust him not to go running off to find drugs, and so the shifts continued. If he was being honest, Sherlock didn’t trust himself either.
He trembled and shook and clutched the couch as he came down. He gritted his teeth as reality started to sink it. The few hours of forgetting were nice, but the world felt like it was crashing down on his shoulders again. Somehow the pain was even worse than before. The hollowness returned, filling him.
He needed to figure out how he felt about Sherlock. John had been in love a few times. Most noticeable was Mary. Another woman before he went into war. And Christopher. He had had crushes, and he knew what that felt like. He knew what love felt like. So why was it so complicated to know how he felt about Sherlock?
“Then no.” Sherlock shut his eyes again.
His chest ached and his body trembled with the force of holding back sobs. Sherlock gripped John’s hand as tightly as he dared. After all this, he still loved John. After all this pain and heartache,
And here John was again. He didn’t think he could ever get tired of being held by John. He was warm through his shirt, calm and steady.
“Yeah. Maybe, yeah. Before you showed up to my wife’s grave high out of your fucking mind. Maybe there was a chance. Before. But there sure as hell isn’t a chance now.” Anger. That’s all Sherlock could read in John. It was visible in the way he clenched and unclenched his hands, the way his posture was military-straight, the way his face was lacking its usual affection, the way his lips were pressed. Sherlock shivered, John’s cold, hard stare boring into him.
