James shrugged and turned half away. "Well, You've been spending more and more time with him lately." He turned his head back and looked at John meaningfully. "It seems like you need less time away from him, and then when we are together, you don't..." James paused for a moment and licked his lips as though he was struggling to find the right words. "You don't even complain about him anymore."
Somehow, they must have clamored up the stairs, John felt himself being laid down on a bed. Sherlock's bed, it had to be, it smelled like him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Well you should be. Your concentration is appalling. How do you ever expect to improve if you can't even think about what you're doing?"
Sherlock had suffered no trauma or heartache to make him cautious, he'd simply observed while his 'peers' had dived headlong into hormonal driven disasters. Love was a risk not worth taking, the ultimate distraction from what one truly valued. John had loved him, and had only multiple emotional traumas to show for it…
"I think I found him," Sherlock replied, and despite himself John smiled. Sherlock was exuberant when he was on the chase, and it was infectious.
John paused. He hadn't really talked about his sister much. He'd mentioned to James that he was helping his sister, but he'd felt too protective to give more details as of yet.
"I will speak with each of you individually," Sherlock declared, cutting off Mrs. Wallingford mid-sentence. To prevent any delay he quickly added, "I will speak with Ms. Wallingford first." Sherlock leaned forward slightly, offering his arm to the young woman. It was an archaic gesture, but one that she was likely to find charming, and thus she would be more relaxed.
John forced himself to drink some tea, even if he spilled a bit because his hands were shaking again. He couldn't look at that possibility right now; he wasn't sure he'd
Sherlock didn't give a damn about the cameras, but he really did want to leave, not lengthen his stay, so he stopped struggling. His cooperation, however, did not deter Lestrade from his line of questioning.
Marcus reached forward and opened one of the ornate wooden doors, gesturing for Sherlock to step inside. Sherlock began to move into the room, turning towards Marcus to murmur, "Send my regards to Mycroft," as he did so. Marcus winked and nodded in such an easy fashion that Sherlock couldn't tell if he actually knew Mycroft, which was possible, or just Mycroft's team. He knew someone connected to Mycroft, even if he didn't have the privilege of knowing that he knew them. Everyone with a position of actual power did.
" the night John had forcibly put him to bed after he'd torn up the flat. He had wanted to believe that 'thank you'...
Sherlock had agreed to take on the case, mostly because of the three dead wives attached to Mr. McAndrew. He and John had reviewed all the information about Mr. McAndrew that Mr. Williams had brought with him, and agreed to speak with his daughter at 10:00am.
Their eyes found each other and Sherlock bent down for another languid kiss. Sherlock's hands tugged John's trousers down while his lips skimmed over the skin of his neck, pausing to lick and suck at the arch where neck met shoulder. John gasped when Sherlock teeth scraped against the tender flesh he had just abused. Sherlock continued downwards, marking John here and there as he went. He paused at John's nipples, taking one in his mouth and stimulating the other with his fingers. John arched against him and Sherlock used his free hand to push John's pants off over his hips.
, exactly is he doing?" Mr. Brenton asked as they watched Sherlock crawl and snuffle through his garden.
Mary nodded and arranged the chairs from the fireside table so that John would be sitting on a sideways facing chair, and she would be sitting behind him in a forward facing chair, and thus have easy access to his back and shoulders. "Shirt on or off?" she asked as she took her place in her chair. When John hesitated she added, "It is completely up to you, John." Her eyes flittered to his injured shoulder, and in a softer voice she added, "I've seen a wide range of scar tissue in my time." A fond smile crept over her lips and he gaze grew distant. "Sean's body was littered with scars, and I used to tease him that the pattern on his back was starting to look like wings."
John nodded, remembering the night he had sent Harry to the hospital. Their lives as children had been chaotic and frightening. John had fled to order and controlled, or at least consciously chosen, danger. Harry had flown to alcohol to numb her mind and her feelings. He'd been trying to help Harry with treatment for years now, he knew there were no easy answers; he just wanted his sister to be well again... He didn't know what he would do if she-
"Somewhat. Her father has been a strong investor in this hospital every year, especially since his daughter started having trouble with heroin."
Mycroft and Lestrade had continued their association, on and off, as Sherlock began to stabilize. Shortly after John had become a fixture in Sherlock's life there had been little reason for Mycroft and Lestrade to continue their association. The likelihood that they would still interact was high because of their mutual association with Sherlock, but it was still not likely that they would interact often. Sherlock wasn't clear on the details, but his brother and Lestrade must have continued meeting.
Sherlock softened his face with regret and kept his voice low. "I'm so sorry, I was only thinking of Charlie, the spaniel. He grew up with Mrs. Hudson's nephew and isn't adjusting well to the transition. This young woman handled the dogs she was walking so well, and some socializing might be good for him."
John heard Mary's footsteps towards the sink, then heard the sound of water running. When Mary spoke again she spoke over her shoulder, projecting her voice so as to be heard over the sounds of cooking and rushing water.
"Good question," Eric replied, pausing to make a few notes on the papers on his clipboard. "Our shifts rotate every week. One week you would work the first shift, then next week the second shift, and the week after the third shift."
John looked up and found Sherlock busily sorting through paper, just as he had been when John woke up. Was he really that unmoved? Somehow, John doubted it. There was a sharpness to Sherlock's movements now, a slight jerkiness. John was
"That's not true!" Dan yelled, pressing in on Sherlock's personal space until even Lestrade had to step in and ease him back. Dan angrily shoved off Lestrade's hand on his shoulder. "He was being fresh!"
They arrived on their floor and, with gentle pressure on John's shoulders, Marcus guided him to their room. Marcus instinctively held the door open for John, who proceeded him into the room. John flipped on the lights and looked around with appreciation and satisfaction. It was a much nicer room than John would usually rent for himself, without being ostentatious. The carpeting was plush, and finely detailed. There was a large king sized bed against the wall with luxurious bedding draped over it. On the opposite wall was a gas fireplace with faux logs inside.
Sherlock gripped both of John's shoulders tightly in his hands and shook him. "You can't stay here, John! It's not safe!"
"I'll tell the family," John announced, and many of the staff around him nodded or murmured their thanks. Several nurses squeezed his shoulder as he passed. John nodded with a pained smile each time and returned the gesture. Losing patients was never easy, but it was part of the job. A healthy, well-balanced team was there for each other, and John had no doubt he would hear about this in the break room several times as people processed their memories and emotional reactions to the death. John would too, but first he had to inform the family.
Sherlock shifted slightly underneath him and John felt a soft kiss being pressed to the top of his head. "Sleep as long as you want," Sherlock murmured.
A voice he vaguely remembered broke his sullen reverie, and he looked up. He squinted for a moment at the gentleman rapidly approaching him, then broke into a grin and pushed against his cane to stand. "Stamford! How are you?"
Once he was safely descended and nestled in a little alcove, Sherlock pulled out his new phone. He had activated it just today, and only for one purpose. Tapping impatiently on the screen, Sherlock smiled when his tracking system came to life. Well, it wasn't so much his as 'borrowed' from Mycroft, but that was semantics.
want to save lives? Or did he just want to catch William before the man took himself out? At one time John would have bet everything he owned that Sherlock cared more than he let on, and that because caring about people wouldn't, in fact, save them he expressed that caring by focusing on what
"I thought you might need this," Mary continued, pressing cool metal into John's hands. He started when he realized it was his gun. He'd never made a secret of having it, but…
"Better," John replied with a smile. "He's calmer most days, and talks about the future more often now. I think he's trying to focus on where he can best use his knowledge."
"Don't forget to breathe." The words were soft, and as he heard them John was aware of Mary's hand on his, gently squeezing.
John had always suspected Sherlock continued the lecture just to irritate him... But that didn't matter now. "Listen, Mary, before you go, there was one other thing I wanted to talk about."
to be calm and gentle with Miss. Williams. John suspected the poor woman felt cornered and harassed enough as was. Sherlock had put forth a very charming visage at first, but had been met with only steely contempt, which quickly wore away at his patience.
He should have called her, but he hadn't. He should have called Molly, or Greg, but he hadn't done that either. He'd wrestled with a mountain of doubt and indecision until his feet had finally carried him home.
John's mouth formed a grim line, and he bent to help the other two, flinging sand out to the side in an effort to prevent it from spilling back in on itself more than it already did. Toby gave another short yip just as Sherlock's fingers closed around what was most likely a clump of hair. Sherlock tugged to test the strength of the fibers he could feel, but not yet see in the dim light, and paused when he felt a greater sifting in the sand than he expected. He extended both his hands to encircle the head, and lifted. It came without much resistance, nothing else attached.
John glanced up into James's concerned brown eyes. "I'm sorry," James continued. "It's not really any of my business."
trust you," Sherlock breathed. This was not a productive discussion. In fact it was dangerous. The world's only consulting detective struggled to pull his thoughts together, but John was so
John turned about, and found himself facing another man, several inches taller than him, with thick brown hair and sympathetic looking brown eyes. "You might have more luck in a medical supply store."
"They're walking away now," Sherlock observed, and John turned back to the screen, watching the two men walk away together, hand in hand.
Sherlock strode back and forth between the kitchen and the sitting room muttering to himself as he fussed over files and maps taped to the walls, connected to pictures and other documents on the wall with little red strings. It was starting to look like the madhouse of a conspiracy theorist.
a case?" John was no longer yelling, but the decreased volume did nothing to soften the hard edge in his voice.
John looked back at Mr. Brenton while Sherlock meticulously scanned the fabric before him. Their guest...client, was paler still, and his lips were trembling. "That's why I need your help, Mr. Holmes, I...I've got to find out what she's
John looked up suddenly from his food, frowning. The more he thought about it, the more Sherlock's illness troubled him. Acting on impulse, John reached forward and laid his hand on the younger man's forearm. Sherlock's fork halted, pasta dangling limply from it as he looked up into John's concerned face.
Pride and possessiveness swelled in John's chest as Sherlock's legs fell open in arousal. Lube was severely underrated, especially for omegas. Omega slick, while copious during most heats, wasn't always enough for penetration, and even if it was, lube could add significantly to other sensations, as it seemed to be doing now.
John looked thoughtful for a moment before shaking his head. "Maybe. I doubt it though. You'll never believe what Sherlock suggested."
"Where's Alex?" John asked, looking around his old place. Other than the fact that it was cleaner, it didn't look much different. The shelves were still covered in books, Laurali still kept her desk by the windows, and there was always comfortable seating around the fireplace. Laurali had even preserved the bullet holes Sherlock had shot into the wall during one of his adult temper tantrums.
As her hand grasped the folder and made to pull it close, John tightened his grip, his eyes widening. Molly pulled again, and the folder jerked ineffectually between them.
Trigger Warning: The case described in this chapter is a murder case, and the body is described in somewhat graphic detail.
"Why haven't you taken this to the Yard?" John asked, alarmed. This seemed more straightforward than many of their previous cases.
the cases he missed. His chest tightened and he found himself looking down at the table top. He was trying
John had generally been offended when someone, anyone tried to insinuate that he wasn't doing well since Sherlock's fall. Yes, he was not as he once was, but, all things considered, John thought he was carrying on fairly well. Anyways it was the best that he could do, considering the gaping hole the arrogant git had torn in John's life when he'd jumped.
"My schedule's so crazy when we're on a case, it just makes more sense to stay with Sherlock," John insisted.
Sherlock glanced at his hand, licking it to clear the blood and slow the bleeding before slapping the plaster over it. He'd spent his time between the crime scene and the body trying to arrange a meeting with Mr. Wallingford's business associates. The lateness of the hour hadn't mattered; business was conducted at all hours around the world. He had managed to force his way onto the schedule of Mr. Wallingford's Vice President, Richard Murphy. Standing, Sherlock adjusted his suit and strode out of the lab.
Not just infatuation and curiosity sparked by the incessant insinuations of others, but a deep, unyielding affection and loyalty.
Greg sighed and ran a hand over his face before looking back a John. "I understand your concern, I really do, but I'm not sending out the cavalry for Sherlock with no proof that he's in actual trouble. One more false alarm like that, and I will be out of a job."
"We were out of the two percent milk you like for your tea?" Sherlock asked, still too absorbed in his task to lift his eyes to John's.
"Find a room where I can speak to them individually," Sherlock commanded, striding off into the entrance hall and turning left. Lestrade rolled his eyes and went to secure a room. It was doubtful if Sherlock would even use the specific room Lestrade selected for him, this was probably just busy work. Sherlock could walk into almost any building and find his way around with uncanny ease, but that was just part of how he operated.
"Watson," Sherlock supplied readily, causing John to sputter and choke. "Samuel Watson," Sherlock pressed on, drawing John forward with a strong arm around his waist. "And this is my companion, John Watson."
"How did you get the time you needed?" Lestrade asked, always curious about Sherlock's inner workings. Not as curious as John had been, but still...
Eric nodded and made some more notes. "Good, good. That's always very helpful. Hospital schedules can be hectic, especially Accident and Emergency, it's always nice to know we can have more hands on deck when we need them." Eric rearranged the papers on the clipboard, then looked back up at John. "Why do you want to work for Charing Cross Hospital?"
That brightened John's mood. If the case was solved quickly he might not need to follow through with resigning. It was too early to say, but John was grateful for the possibility. "Thank you, I'll give you a call as soon as I can."
Sherlock pulled his hands away from his eyes and blinked in the florescent light of the kitchen, trying to blink away the image of John's face just before he fell... He
Mr. Walker's eyes narrowed again and Sherlock knew his threat had not been missed. Mr. Walker was not an ethical businessman, despite what appearances may be, and it was a pressure point Sherlock had every intention of exploiting if necessary.
Marcus pulled back slowly, kissing, licking, and biting the skin of John's body as he worked his way down. When his teeth grazed John's nipple, John's fingers flew up to Marcus's hair, anchoring him there. Marcus hummed softly as his left hand slid over John's chest to stoke his other nipple. John moaned softly, tipping his head back into the mattress.
John smiled as he got into a cab, and gave them the address for Charing Cross hospital. Once the cab was on its way he lifted his phone back to his ear. "You don't have to do that. You have the day off tomorrow, don't you?"
Even if he never came close to forgetting Sherlock's name, John had faith that this would get easier…it
John blinked and shook his head. Of course there were many other medical supplies and instruments neatly lined up along the wall and in drawers. He was allowing his imagination to get the better of him. He turned to go, intending to head towards the break room, when the memory of Emily's pupils flashed before his eyes. They had been reactive. She had been alive…and then she had died. It happened, far more often with overdose victims than people like to talk about. He should leave. Mary was waiting. He should call her.
He was just peering under the coffee table for any strays when James said, "These are beautiful." John looked up and found James gazing at one of his sister's pictures; they were all of her rose garden. "Did your sister grow these?"
There was a some applause, not thunderous, but not pitiful either. Bryan had an audience, and he was determined to lead them. Sherlock still and to endure twenty minutes of speeches before Lestrade
John wasn't sure what to think of that. It reminded him of Sherlock and Mycroft both at their most dismissive. Most of their lives were spent focusing on the weakness and the darkness that could dwell inside the human heart. John had seen a great deal of pain and broken lives in his own career. He'd seen people who felt entitled to love, and anything else they could get their hands on. ...There was also those who firmly believed that they could not be loved, and for all the wrong reasons.
John sucked in a breath to make a lengthy retort when a familiar, crinkled letter with a calligraphy "J" emblazoned on the seal, the one that John had opened over a month ago (probably) crept into his vision. John snarled, "What the
"I thought the yard did that yesterday," John asked, walking past Sherlock to rinse out his mug. The sink, thankfully, was currently free of any experiments.
Their path through the hospital was easy enough. Sherlock must have looked up the blueprints, or something, because his step never wavered. Despite Mr. Mathers supposed accessibility, his office turned out to be quite a ways away, in a completely different wing of the hospital. John had been a bit nervous as they maneuvered out of Accident and Emergency, but they didn't run into Eric, and no one stopped them. After that no one seemed to even notice them. A doctor and a nurse were just part of the normal background of the hospital.
"My friends, I thank you, for coming today to celebrate the life of Rosamund Kelleher. We come together in grief acknowledging our human loss. This is a tender time, a time when all of us, in one way or another, are confronted with feelings of loss and uncertainty. There will be disbelief and sadness in the hearts of many of us who are in this room. Perhaps it is hard to admit, even to ourselves, how profoundly vulnerable death can make us feel. We celebrate Rosamund's life even as we tremble before this vulnerability. For we know that whether we die quickly or slowly, we must all face the prospect of having to give up everything we think we are before we can return to God. Our celebration of our love for Rosamund cannot blunt these feelings. It is not about feeling better, but about finding strength and support in the sharing of this love, about experiencing fully all our joy and sorrow, and by discovering that love can reveal itself even more deeply in times of loss. And in the depth of this grief is revealed a secret. Life, experienced fully with all its joys and sorrows, then gives its secret to itself."
worthy promotions, but then we needed to bring in temps to fill in the gaps those transitions left, and we still haven't quiet stabilized. It will happen, it just takes time." Mr. Murphy sounded unsure, even to himself. If things had already been difficult, the untimely death of the head of the company must have hurt their image. As if his weak heart portrayed some inner failing in the company... God, people were so stupid...
There was a long silence while they ate, and not entirely a comfortable one. It was Mary who finally broke the silence, and the tension.
He'd recognized his real motivations in that domestic violence case he'd solved for Lestrade some weeks back, but at least that
Ballet was a delicate and painful art form, and John appreciated the dedication and physical skill required. Many of the moves required tremendous strength and muscle tone, but the dancers limbs seemed light as they arched and lifted with the music. John was impressed at the vision the dancers created even as he winced in sympathy for their joints, especially when they danced on Pointe.
John sat up, making space for his host on the sofa, and gratefully accepting a mug of tea. "hmm, this is perfect."
. Harry had actually written this impossible man! John glared down at Sherlock once more before returning his gaze to the letter.
John frowned and pulled his head back to repeat his query, but this time his voice was a low murmur. "Why did you come here, Sherlock? There's obviously been a mix-up, but this is not the way to handle it."
They pressed together in a flurry of joyful kisses until the giggling finally abated and they held each other's gazes once more. "I love you," John whispered, his thumb caressing Sherlock's cheek.
He passed the second hand bookstore flanked by the thrift shop and slipped seamlessly into the ally between the two. His lips quirked in a ghost of a smile. Wiggins was waiting. He had been leaning against the wall with a cigarette in his mouth, looking bored, but when Sherlock came into view he came to life, stamping out the cigarette and holding out his hands.
John frowned at the board, moving a pawn out. "It feels more effective to put her out there where she can do the most good, attack the enemy directly."
, despite what he might do to convince you otherwise. I've known him a long time and I've never seen him look at anyone, the way he looks at
John had poured over Mary's words every night since her death, and he felt no closer to an answer about Sherlock, or about the rest of his life, but in that moment, he needed Sherlock there, and Sherlock stayed.
John stood, artfully avoided collision with his flatmate, and washed his mug out in the sink. "I'm headed out," he announced, "Would you like me to get anything for you?" There was no response. The good doctor sighed softly, set his mug in a cabinet and went to pull on his jacket. "Try to remember to eat something will you? Or at least drink, you
John stilled, panting, once he was fully sheathed. "Any pain?" he asked softly, lifting one hand to Sherlock's, interlocking their fingers, and pressing the back of Sherlock's hand into the mattress.
Mrs. Wallingford began to shake her head violently, tears spilling down her cheeks. "I'm sorry, Mr. Holmes, I don't know what changed. Andrew wouldn't breathe a word about it... That was the worst part. Andrew always told me
The ex-army doctor sighed long and loud, because nothing he could think of to write appealed to him right now. He enjoyed writing in general, and Sherlock's cases were always interesting, but something was off today; his heart just wasn't in it.
, was it? And apparently, even if it wasn't, the situation would be utterly beyond his comprehension...His jaw was clamped shut so tightly his whole head was starting to ache.
John stretched languidly, wriggled his toes, and yawned. He couldn't remember the last time he'd slept so deeply. Her ran a hand over his face and fought the urge to grin. He needed to spend the night away from Sherlock more often.
Mycroft hesitated a long moment, and John feared he wouldn't get an answer. Finally, Mycroft said quietly, "He may come home as early as six months from now."
"I wouldn't stand up just now. No, don't look at the wound either, not unless you have a strong stomach for blood," Sherlock instructed, keeping one arm firmly around the woman while his free hand retrieved his phone and dialed 999. Sherlock reported the accident, ordered two ambulances and reported their current address. Once he was sure the dispatcher had the correct information he hung up and returned his attention to the woman in his arms.
John squinted down at the picture and shook his head. "Maybe in passing, I don't remember. Mostly I've been focused on my work." He pointedly avoided Sherlock's gaze, but he still felt the shift in the atmosphere around them. They both knew perfectly well why John had been out of sorts these past few months. Though, if Greg was to be believed, Sherlock had been out of sorts as well…
One of the stern faced orderlies nodded at Sherlock as he approached. "Evening Doctor, glad you could make it on such short notice."
As soon as the words 'I'm sorry,' were out of his mouth Janet burst into tears, sobbing loudly into her father's shoulder. Mr. Morris was quiet, but his face crumpled and his eyes filled with tears as well. John guided them both back to their seats and spoke softly with them for a few minutes. He explained that the exact cause of Mrs. Morris's cardiac arrest was unknown, but listed the most likely culprits.
There was the sound of rushing feet in the hallway and John sagged in defeat. It was too late. By the time Lestrade and Anderson burst through the door and yelled, "New Scotland Yard! Hands where I can see them!" John had already turned towards them, his hands aloft, and his head down.
"You two!" Lestrade called out, storming over to Sherlock and John while several members of his team wrangled Mr. Werner into handcuffs. "This is
"Greg, why on earth do you think that?" John replied, utterly at a loss. Mycroft had always been protected and biased when it came to his little brother, but John had thought Greg had more of a level head.
Thank you to everyone who left comments!  They are very much appreciated, and often make my day.  Thank you also to everyone who left kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to my story!  your support is amazing!  ^_^   I hope you enjoy this next installment!
John leaned forward to kiss Sherlock's cheek, but Sherlock turned his head so that their lips met instead. John hummed in satisfactions, pressing his mouth against Sherlock's cupids bow lips, caressing them with his own. Sherlock opened to him and pressed his tongue into John's mouth, beginning another sensual dance.
The streets were alive with people, with energy, as they almost always were in London. It was really no surprise that Sherlock had loved it here. John had thought about leaving after Sherlock's fall, but he never could, especially not now.
Mrs. Hudson, thankfully, made no appearance as they entered. Hopefully she was sleeping. John genuinely enjoyed her company most of the time, but tonight had been straining to the point that he doubted he'd be any more gracious than Sherlock normally was about small talk.
There was a brief pause before John pressed his stethoscope into his patient's chest, listening for a pulse... It was there, but it was weak and irregular. There didn't seem to be any breath sounds either. John reach forward and lifted his patient's eyelids one by one with his thumb, and shined a light into them. "Pupils
In his earlier instructions to Wiggins he'd alerted the man to look for a small tracking device in the pockets of the Belstaff, and to attach said tracking device to anyone who may accost him once Sherlock had left. It was likely that Wiggins had slipped the device along the inside of one of the dogs collars, at least that's what Sherlock hoped he'd done, the dogs were much more likely to lead Sherlock to the spider he was after. The game was well, and truly afoot now.
It was not a question, but a musing statement. Or, perhaps John was reading fictitious tonality into the letters in addition to seeing the personality of his beloved flatmate in the neat, elegant scrawl. Maybe he was starting to lose his grip on things...
John's weight swiveled on his feet, and he returned to the sofa. Sherlock felt a warm weight press into his side as the good doctor settled on the edge of the couch. "What,
"This last quarter has been...difficult." Mr. Murphy paused to clear his throat. "The company has weathered many storms before, naturally, but I think the strain was getting to Mr. Wallingford."
Her voice sounded wistful, and John gripped her shoulder meaningfully. Safety hadn't really featured in either of their lives in a long time... They both bore the physical and emotional scars of being reared by alcoholic parents.
He'd known the blow was coming, but it was stronger than he had expected, and Sherlock's deflection was only partially effective. It was more a graze than a direct hit, but Bryan's family ring nicked the skin of Sherlock's cheek, and he could feel a small trickle of blood welling at the injury.
She really didn't, and that was one of the things John found appealing. Sherlock was full of judgment, just not the usual kind.
John raised a suspicious eyebrow, but he kept his tone light. "It's fine Molly. I don't mind. And I don't think it made the slightest difference in his investigation anyway."
The woman reached forward and gently patted his good leg, as it was obvious he was not about to let go of John's hand. "Irene Holmes, pleased to meet you, little brother."
"Because I love you!" Sherlock shouted back, and then he paled and looked away. "I love you, John," he repeated softly, and more to himself than to John, "and I can't make you happy." Sherlock shook his head and seemed to curl in on himself slightly. "I don't seem to be good at anything but causing trouble...and
John's frown deepened for a moment even as amusement danced in his eyes. Sherlock seemed to be right, but still... "You never tell me when you do have one, do you?" John's lips quirked upwards slightly and he let his hand trail lightly over and around Sherlock's neck, confirming that although he looked flushed, his temperature was well within normal limits.
Moriarty paced the room idly, running his hands along the objects in it. Most people would say he looked calm, but most people were idiots.
One never had to wonder where one stood with Sherlock; John supposed that had become part of the appeal. John hadn't known Sherlock was aware of his feelings, but he had been, and the moment Sherlock had come to a decision he'd acted on it… John forced himself to refocus. "Thank you for meeting with me Sara. If anything opens up, please let me know.
Mary chuckled. "This Saturday is fine, John. Come sooner if you want to, it's really no bother at all."
He remembered when Mycroft had stopped by the flat to pick up John's first letter to Alexander. Mycroft had knocked as before, John had opened the door and handed him the letter. Mycroft had nodded as though this was what he'd been expecting and put the letter in his jacket pocket. That had been almost three weeks ago.
"It seems like you have several strong leads to investigate," John said, glowering briefly at Sherlock, though he didn't believe it would actually do any good. "Why did you call Sherlock in if things seem so simple."
being manipulated. He schooled his features into the best impassive mask he could muster and resumed his exit from the building at a measured pace. He wasn't going to play into Sherlock's hands, and he sure as hell wasn't going to blindly retreat. They had nothing more to say to each other.
," he insisted, gesturing to Sherlock's food. "I already told you that would won't get out of dinner by acting petulant.
Alex's voice carried over to them from the kitchen. "Some canned goods, crisps, nuts, and a few other snacks. I want to have a fully stocked kitchen
," Sherlock replied. "I've been able to deduce much of your story, the important matters as they pertain to this case anyway. If you will fill in the Detective Inspector here, he may be able to assist you."
"This is a highly secured function; guests are allowed by invitation only," Sherlock drawled impatiently, tracking Arthur's progress as he moved through the room. The would-be politician was speaking with all the right people and arranging all the right opportunities to be photographed. He had been 'working the room' for some time, but it would still be ten minutes before he began slinking back towards his office.
Twin faces of worry met his gaze as soon as he stepped into the room. Both Mr. Morris and Janet rose immediately and walked towards him. Janet's eyes were filled with tears before he even spoke.
As soon as he heard Mary's steady gait on the stairs Sherlock took several stumbling steps towards the window. It was stupid, it was foolish, but...he wanted to watch John go. Mary was good with words, better and more natural than Sherlock's manipulation because she tended to be as honest as possible. Sherlock knew she would convince John to work her plan for the case. A plan that, ironically, would keep Sherlock and John entirely separate. John was leaving 221 B and, depending on how the case went, it might be the
about him anymore, but he couldn't seem to help himself, especially when Sherlock was acting so strangely... He never panicked under pressure, he always demanded someone else get his phone, and he
Although he restricted himself to medical examples, John often thought of his experiences on cases with Sherlock. It didn't help that many of the questions, in fact this whole process seemed tedious.
Sherlock saw John's struggle, and restricted his perusal of the bookshelves to the opposite side of the room. He
Sherlock rolled his eyes and remained sitting. He did, however, press his hands together just below his chin and lean forward. "Mr. Murphy, I am here to investigate anything unusual that may have been associated with Mr. Wallingford's death. I know Mrs. Wallingford gave me clearance to do so."
The good doctor didn't reply. Instead he leaned forward and placed the back of his hand against Sherlock's forehead, looking intently into his eyes. "You still have a fever."
Not that Sherlock intended to use his own communication skills to reconcile with John. John had been very clear when he'd left that he wasn't coming back, and Sherlock loved him too much to persuade him when Sherlock knew he'd only hurt John again.
Gently, John set Sherlock down on the bed, anchoring his arm around Sherlock's shoulders to keep him upright. Once Sherlock was seated, John slipped the robe off his shoulders, and reached for the hem of his t-shirt.
The stranger shrugged. "Sugar on the rim, sometimes colored, 1/2 shot hazelnut liqueur, one shot of vodka, and a lemon meant to be bitten into after the shot."
"The premier of the next show we've been working on is next week," Nikki continued. "I'm sad that I won't be able to play, but my substitute is working very hard. They've insisted I still come to rehearsals so I'll be up to date with everything that's happening, even if I can't play. I'm not sure Mr. Walker would have let me come if they hadn't been so adamant."
John was in Sherlock's bed, again.  Sherlock had insisted when John nearly fell trying to rush down the steps towards the bathroom.
Greg growled softly in his throat, turning away from his insufferable companion. After a lengthy moment of silence, he continued, addressing himself more to John than to anyone else. "The wife
"You don't have to leave on my account." Mary's voice was soft and a bit strained. John suspected she'd been crying.
The counselor nodded thoughtfully, then frowned. "Perhaps I am misremembering, Harry, but I thought you had shared that it was you who had left her."
Sherlock nodded in satisfaction, reached for the expensive looking shoes, and turned both over in his hands. Sherlock made a small sound in the back of his throat, set the shoes down and turned towards the covered body once more. "John, are you coming?"
"It's fine, Molly," he assured her with as winning a smile as he could force onto his face. "It's all fine."
mark this for later review he supposed...but he really wanted something different. An eight at least. He kept scrolling.
John's face remained rigid with anger and disgust, and Sherlock smiled coyly. "Well?" Sherlock continued. "Have I convinced you?"
He remembered this kind of lonely. He'd felt it before, just after he'd been invalided home. His minuscule dingy flat of those first months had been barren and soulless not because of John's lack of funds, though that certainly played a part. It had been empty because John had been empty. As amazing, thrilling, and life-changing as his friendship with Sherlock had been, John still liked to think it wasn't all chance. That he'd placed such utter faith in the brilliant detective because of the remarkable traits he'd seen in him, and not just because he was
Sherlock's reply was promptly cut short by one Mrs. Hudson strolling into their flat with tea and biscuits. "Oh!" She said, coming to an abrupt halt when she spied them on the floor. "My apologies, I didn't know you were, well.." A wry smile crept onto her features. "I'll just set this down and be on my way, then." She set the tea set down on the low table before them, winked, and slipped back outside, closing the door behind her.
"People always think they're so bloody interesting and creative," Sherlock groused, his attention never leaving the samples in his hands. "There is barely any creativity left in the world. It's always the same motives. Money, greed, power, revenge, and
"For the past several years I've been working for a small surgery, which was a good reintroduction to regular medicine after I was invalided home from the military, and recently I've decided I want to focus more heavily on my medical career. There aren't many hours available at the surgery, so I've been exploring my options." It
John blushed. He thought he was too old for blushing but he'd never exactly pictured this scenario before, either. "Yes," he said, looking pointedly at the ceiling.
"If we don't get evidence in the next sixty seconds, we might not get it at all," Sherlock clarified. Even if Mr. Werner's lackeys didn't stumble across them, Mr. Werner definitely would, he was just intelligent enough to be concerned.
John bit the inside of his cheek and counted to ten. "I was never dating Sherlock Holmes." It had been a long time since John had tried to dissuade the general public from the notion that he and Sherlock were dating, but now John realized that had been just another way to lie to himself, another way to pretend he and Sherlock were more than what they were…
"I suspect he might change professions soon, and a change of phone number might also be warranted," Sherlock observed, leaning his head against John's.
She glanced at the ex-army doctor and gave the barest of nods in return. For the most part, John had been a spectator during this meeting, and so had not incurred her wrath directly.
"Goodnight!" Sherlock called over his shoulder, raising one hand as he sped out the door. He was running now, and John ran with him, tossing a guilty look over his shoulder at Lestrade who stood in the doorway of the house, glaring after them.
John slowly maneuvered himself so that he and Mr. Werner ended up walking back towards the kennels at the edge of the garden. Sherlock was grateful for the intervention. John had seemly endless patience for the nonsense of others, which left Sherlock free to focus on more important things. John turned then, and sent Sherlock a small smile over his shoulder. It was only for a moment, but it was enough to ruffle Sherlock's feathers and strengthen his earlier resolve. He did
to this case. The family was benign and relatively unambitious, at least as far as motive for murder went. The body was ill, but not in way that obviously indicated foul play. Mr. Wallingford's murderer, if there was one, was skilled, or at the very least not as hideously insipid as most of the rest of the word...
"Now will you tell mphf-" John started to ask in a hushed voice, when Sherlock's hand was pressed none too gently against his face and the consulting detective uttered a quick, "Shh!"
"James," John repeated with a smile, "It's nice to meet you too. Thanks again, you're really doing me a big favor here."
"Let's be quick then," Sherlock agreed, striding forward before Marcus had fully turned around. Marcus was quick on his feet however. He followed Sherlock and overtook him before they'd left the building.
The trio burst out of the hospital and were at the street in moments. Sherlock lifted his arm and, as per usual, a cab materialized. They all piled into the cab and for once it was Sherlock reaching for his wallet. He gave the cabbie the address whilst slipping him what appeared to be two hundred pounds.
"I-I did not know whom adopted my daughter, or anything about her life until recently; I thought it would be better that way. I have always been a great admirer of ballet, and made a point of seeing the Royal Ballet whenever I was in town. The dancers come to speak to me, sometimes, before or after a show. People are always seeking my company because of my ...status."
Steadying himself, John ventured back out into the hallway and into the sitting room. Sherlock was seated on the sofa, the supplies John would need were laid out with precision on the coffee table. John pulled up his old chair and reached for Sherlock's arm.
The world's only consulting detective waived away the menus which the waiter was offering. "We'll split the seared scallops to start. Then for the main course, I will have Salmon with wild greens, and my date will have the mushroom and asparagus risotto."
"Sherlock." John's voice was quiet, and the tone clipped. It was just enough of a warning to pierce the concentration of the world's only consulting detective.
He learned that Mary was a bit of a homebody. She worked at the surgery, and spent most of her free time reading or crocheting. The sitting room sported several colorful and comfortable afghans that were her own work.
Yay, got this done all in one night!  I hope the grammatical errors weren't too grievous; and that you enjoyed the story!
"She's your sister," Sherlock muttered, when he could speak again. "This arrangement has always been about her." He could hear John's shoulder stiffen inside his horrid jumper.
Hello once again gentle readers! Once again, I am very glad to be back to posting. ^_^ I would like to thank all those who have commented, left kudos, and/or subscribed to/bookmarked this story for their support.
Well we are about halfway through, I hope everyone is enjoying the story so far.  No cases in this chapter, just good old-fashioned character development.  Still, I hope you enjoy!
John smoothed the crumpled paper in his hands, holding it high in case Sherlock attempted to grab for it once more. His mouth fell agape at the first three words.
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen for the time being, a fact which John was immensely grateful for. It was so rare to have a moment to himself in this flat, that he was not about to let the moment pass unappreciated.
Marcus had been very insightful and responsive in their short time together, but, John felt that fact should hardly be surprising. He'd spoken about working for a family that was heavily involved in politics. Their jobs were difficult, and so would Marcus's. He would need to be responsive to them and their needs, while also helping them navigate the dangerous territory of public opinion which was easily swayed and always in flux. It made sense that he preferred one night stands. It was likely his job didn't allow enough time for him to invest in a relationship as he'd said, but John also suspected Marcus feared what the public eye would do to any relationship he did form... Suddenly Marcus's life sounded very lonely.
Mr. Murphy stared down at him, incredulous. "That is company property, Mr. Holmes! It needs to be examined." He reached out to grasp the edge of the machine and let out a sharp cry when Sherlock snatched his hand and bent it unnaturally at the wrist, two pounds of force shy of actually breaking it.
"Right, say 'hi' to Greg and the kids for me," John replied. "Make sure Alex keeps that foot elevated."
John shifted to sit properly at his desk and took out a piece of paper. The letter Alexander had sent him was hand written, John felt like he should return the favor. No one hand wrote letters anymore. No one took the time. As he listened to the rain against the window, John wrote:
John flew down the stairs and out of the building onto the streets of London, his throat too tight to utter any excuse to the startled Mrs. Hudson who looked worriedly after him from her place outside her door as he left.
"Sherlock!" John gasped, frantically pulling back from that wicked mouth. Sherlock let him go, a questioning look on his face. John's ragged breathing filled the room as he stepped back and stared at his mate. Sherlock's chest was flushed and heaving as well, his head still bent back over the edge of the mattress, and his lips glistened temptingly.
It wasn't all bad, though. James continued to be an unexpected and loyal friend, whom John was truly grateful for. When the ex-army doctor had run from the flat, he hadn't planned on running anywhere but
Sherlock sighed, glanced around him for a moment, then looked back at his new phone. He should be getting close now. If his memory served him well, which it often did, there should be an offshoot tunnel nearby that had been used for ventilation...
They passed a small but well organized kitchen, and slipped into what appeared to be a study or a home office. "Do we know what we're looking for?" John asked, closing the door behind them to promote the illusion of security.
"It's so sweet of you to help, dear," Mrs. Hudson cooed as John carefully patted down the dirt around her potted roses.
John sighed in exasperation and prepared to do the same. He faltered when he peered over the edge. There was no stairway on this side... Sherlock was sliding dangerously fast down a
Sherlock, who had already settled himself on the sofa and begun rifling through the assortment of papers and files on the coffee table didn't even deign to look up. "No," he replied, his voice flat and uninterested. "You didn't."
As soon as the owner's back was turned John rested his elbows on the table, his head in his hands, and groaned softly, "I'm
The guards nodded solemnly, and Sherlock disappeared with the two orderlies around the corner. The elevator ride that followed was quick and silent. Sherlock followed the orderlies closely through three more hallways before they came to one that was quiet and otherwise unoccupied. Now was probably the best chance they were going to get.
John grimaced at the idea that he'd been found out. Then again the stressor marks on his last letter had been so obvious; even John would've been able to tell the person who wrote it was upset. Crinkled, stained with tears, and slightly torn under one vehement underlining, John had almost re-written the letter. He might have too, if his emotions hadn't threatened to get the better of him each time he'd considered it.
"What consequences?" Harry asked, sitting on the floor beside Eva as her legs grew tired of crouching.
John had never shared these kinds of thoughts with Sherlock; he had lacked the patience to put up with the sniping and grousing that would have followed. Goodness knows Sherlock hardly needed an excuse to complain.
They paused a few blocks away and piled into a cab Sherlock had summoned out of nowhere. Once he had settled his seatbelt around himself, John asked, "Why did we rush out of there so fast?"
"Don't," John cut him off. "Don't apologize, James. I just wasn't expecting that." John sighed and repeated, "Don't apologize. I'm living in such a web of deception between the cases and Sherlock himself, it's nice to hear something
Sherlock was still Sherlock, and whether John wanted to admit it or not, that had a certain appeal. Living with the world's only consulting detective had brought the adrenaline rushes John had lived on in the army, as well as someone to protect, however reluctant they were to cooperate.
By the time Sherlock had made it back to 221 B, Mary was set up with a laptop on one side of the desk in the sitting room. Sherlock's desk chair and his open laptop waited for him on the opposite side of the table. Mary turned to look at Sherlock as he entered, smiling and waving in greeting. "Good afternoon, Sherlock."
do you mean, Sherlock?" The world's only consulting detective grumbled under his breath, then felt John's fingers at his wrist. "Look at me."
For the time being, Sherlock turned his mind inward, settling on Mycroft and Lestrade. Things weren't likely to escalate from the current standoff, and with time they would, hopefully, both relax. John wasn't going to come back, and life would go on.
John stood sharply, rattling his chair and pulling his coat on violently. "If you really loved your work, and only your work, as much as you say you do, then you wouldn't be so miserable!" John hissed.
Mary was just setting two steaming plates of pancakes on the table when John entered their flat. She looked up and smiled at him.
John flipped to the last page of the file studied the death certificate, his heart sinking a bit when he saw
are we going to do that?" John asked, irritated that he had to pull so hard for details, but Sherlock was always like this when he was on a case. The best John could hope for, was to not be entirely lost.
sarcastically," John mumbled to himself, one corner of his mouth curling up in a wry smile. Even though he was injured and undoubtedly in pain when he wrote this, John could tell that Alexander was amusing himself with his snarky replies, playing to his captive audience. It was gratifying to see. As a doctor, and a human, John was well aware of how laughter could boost the immune system, and lighten the heart.
"I just found it!" Wiggins insisted shrilly. "The things people throw out these days will break your 'art. This here is a perfectly serviceable coat. Jus' a waste of money to let it sit around being useless!"
A hand gripped his elbow like a steel band, pulling upwards. "Now, Sherlock, or I am dragging you out the window." Sherlock let out a short, rough exclamation that sounded like a growl, and shut down the computer. Keys rattled in the lock and John stiffened. "Window?"
Sherlock had skimmed the initial police report, so he knew that Margret Werner had been a house wife, but her garden would have told him that. Not only was it immaculately tended, but it was full of tiny details such as rocks painted and carved to look like animals, fairies, or gnomes. Sticks and old grape vines stretched and arranged to look like little doorways or houses. These touches were subtle, often under or to the side of a plant, which both made the scenes look more natural, and easier to hide.
"Right," their client began, leaning forward in his chair and eyeing them both in an eager, desperate manner. "A dear friend of mine, Anna Reynolds, has gone missing. I haven't seen her in almost three weeks."
"I'm in his security system," Sherlock explained, beginning to open video and picture files. "Very high-tech for a nondescript middle aged man in the shipping industry."
One hand clutched Sherlock's shoulders, and the other snaked around his waist as John maneuvered him forcefully towards the center of the large mattress. Sherlock sighed into the kiss and pressed up into John as he settled on top of him. He hadn't liked the idea of being pushed down, of feeling surrounded...but this was different. John hovered over him on all fours, pressed sinful kisses to any patch of skin he could reach, his hands caressing everywhere else. No, Sherlock didn't feel trapped, he felt treasured, his heart leaping with each kiss and caress.
Setting the last bin back just as he had found it, Sherlock stood and tossed his gloves in the bin as well. "Well, that clears things up considerably," He declared looking back and forth from John to Mr. Brenton as though waiting for them to understand some hilariously clever joke.
"Leave it," Marry encouraged, ushering John back out the door. "We can grab food out if we're hungry, and I can clean it up when we get back."
She leaned forward and patted his knee sympathetically. "Moving in together is always an adjustment," she replied, "No matter how long you've been seeing each other beforehand."
He turned around with the intention of making himself a warm cup of tea and heading to bed when the site of Sherlock crumpled in his chair stopped him dead in his tracks.
Pivoting, mid-crouch, John launched himself at the exit, working against the flow of people and praying he could find a cab that would get him to the airport on time.
, Ms. Hooper. If I am the first person to acquaint you with that fact, then your education has been quite overdue…" Her nails dug into the fabric of his suit when he turned away again, following Arthur's movements once more.
"Yes, Detective Inspector Lestrade mentioned that." Mr. Mcgregor glanced at Sherlock, who looked as though he was ready to come out of his skin with impatience. "Well, I won't keep you any longer, let me show you the facilities."
He turned his expression back to Nikki, who was chewing her nails and looking guilty. He'd asked her the night of the accident not to mention to John that she had seen him, and she'd been true to her word on that. She wasn't a confrontational person, nor was she the type to meddle; her own family drama's had taught her to let sleeping dragons lie. No this was a simple accident of timing. She'd informed him that she'd given John two tickets to tonight's show, and they had made a point of waiting until most of the crowd had cleared before meeting in the main hall. Sherlock had been so focused on trying
"He's not my boyfriend!" John hissed, shoving his hands in his pockets as he whirled to go. "And you never have an appetite anyway!" The door of the cafe rattled in its frame in the wake of John's wrath and the remaining patrons nervously looked anywhere but at Sherlock.
John pressed his hand firmly into his forehead and prayed for patience. "Is it really so much to ask that you start making sense every now and again?!"
Sherlock scanned and rolled his eyes at the wrestling trophies displayed on the mantle. They were decades old, the most recent dating back to Mr. Werner's university days. The sitting room was comfortable with little of the intricate touches Mrs. Werner had bestowed upon the garden, indicating she had little say in household decoration. A strong man of forgettable appearance, who took great pride in his physical accomplishments, combined with a desire for control which quashed the creative impulses of hard working spouse painted a very clear picture: abusive husband.
to be guilty of something. Her companion meanwhile was stone faced, his frown only increasing every time Sherlock turned his dazzling smile towards him.
John set an early alarm for himself the next morning, not wanting to be rudely dragged out of bed by his crazy flatmate. He had no doubts that Sherlock wouldn't give a second thought to dragging him all over London in his sleepwear; a situation to be avoided at all costs.
turning the corner towards John's room. This new hallway had two guards and two orderlies waiting outside of the room to the right at the very end of the hall. For a moment Sherlock's heart leapt into his throat, but he forced himself to breath and observe. John's room was close to the end of this hall, not at the very end, whatever they were waiting for, it wasn't John.
to hear you out," Lauren insisted. Her volume was moderate, but her tone was steely. "I told you last time Toby was off limits to you. You don't care about him or the dangers you put him through. You deceived me into letting you barrow him in the first place. Never again. Especially not now. He's eleven, and even if you were a decent person, he's too old. If you're here to beg for Toby it means the police aren't cooperating. I'll be happy to watch them cart you away." Lauren shifted the cat to one arm and reached into her pocket for her phone.
"I should be able to handle this," a new voice said. John watched the large man that Mycroft had sent, who had been silent up until this moment, step forward and eye the apparatus attached to the ventilation system. "Five minutes tops, and that's if he actually knew what he was doing."
His mother's expression darkened. She was almost never angry, but when she was, she was more fearsome than anyone Sherlock had ever seen, Mycroft included. "Stay here, sweetheart," she said with deceptive softness. "I'm going to fetch the first aid kit." Standing, she rounded on her heel and stormed up the stairs. "
They sat together in a comfortable silence, enjoying their food. John even closed his eyes and leaned back into the bench, reveling in the quiet company.
John shook himself internally and refocused on the mission in front of him. Sherlock was going to have a solid meal... Who would force him to see reason after John left? A sharp tug on his elbow brought him up short, and properly broke his reverie.
"You can't fix this, John." The words sounded quiet, even to his own ears, but Sherlock still heard a tell-tale squeak from the floors when John stopped mid-step.
Nikki nodded back. "I won't be late," She promised, carefully packing away her instrument. Nikki pulled on a light jacket, hefted her violin's carrying case, and stood on tiptoe to press a kiss to Sherlock's cheek, which he tolerated with reasonable composure. "See you on Thursday," she promised.
"Only one that we know of," Mycroft cut in, removing some papers from the inner pocket of his suit jacket, "and it appears to be working." Mycroft held out the papers to Sherlock, who accepted them with a dubious frown.
He had managed to eek out five hours of sleep last night, so, while he was nowhere near well rested, he felt halfway human once more. Lifting a hand to his face, John rubbed at his tired eyes a moment. As much as he would like to sleep the day away, he didn't want his circadian rhythm as screwed up as Sherlock's. Did the man
John nodded. "He never stops working when he's on a case, he won't sleep or eat for days sometimes."
"Knot me, John, please." His voice was breathless and trembling, but he knew he had made himself understood when a firm grip pulled his thighs around John's waist and a delicious pressure made itself known at is entrance.
Sherlock nudged his side as suggested, "You could always have your husband push the paperwork through. You know, unless you
Sherlock answered without once looking away from the computer or slowing his typing speed. "Mr. McAndrew owns every work ever published by Robert Frost and a very old, well-kept version of the Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri. We already know he likes to read. One of Robert Frost's most popular poems is 'Fire and Ice' which speaks about the end of the world, and is said to be a tribute to the Divine Comedy, referencing the nine layers of hell recounted in Dante's Inferno. A passionate, old-fashioned serial killer, it wasn't hard to guess."
John's fingers tightened on Sherlock's jaw when he tried to look away, not painful, but demanding. "Wanting isn't just about sex, Sherlock." John's tongue peeked out slowly to wet his lips. "Although I won't deny I want you physically, even when I thought you were a beta." John's gaze fell to Sherlock's lips for a moment, his thumb smoothing over the plump flesh before his eyes darted back up to Sherlock's. "But I want more than that, too."
Molly's exit had been heavy handed and overly dramatic. In truth, he'd barely given it a second thought until one week later. He'd finished thoroughly embarrassing and ruining the career of Mr. Arthur Jones, and no interesting cases had immediately followed. He'd been approximately three seconds from shooting the walls to end his boredom, when he'd discovered the used syringe in his jacket pocket. He'd twirled it between his fingers for a few moments, collecting small bits of data from the syringe before him and his memory of the night.
The voice on the other end of the phone was sultry and smug, and nothing at all like Ms. Adeline's' voice. There was more to this than simple blackmail, and he would get to the bottom of it.
Sherlock glared at his mate for a moment before letting his gaze fall to the bed, trying to picture it. He'd have easy access to the door if he leapt from the bed and ran... While the position seemed vulnerable, it would give Sherlock several points of leverage if he felt he needed to use them, and he would feel less surrounded...
to put pressure on his hands and knees. This was partly because of his prolonged searching and the open windows, and partly because of the poison taking a stronger hold on his body. The symptoms had continued to progress but, up until recently, his iron control had enabled him to mask them. Now he was certain that even John had seen his hands shaking.
knew what other people tried to hide. But John had thought… He'd never acted on his feelings. Sherlock had made it very clear from the beginning that he was not interested in love. John hadn't been either, at least at first. He'd seen plenty of women, but they'd all come to the same conclusion.
"It's no trouble," Mr. McGregor insisted. "I have been authorized to allow you to examine the body of Mrs. Mary Dwight. I feel I must warn you that her official cause of death has been ruled a suicide. The cremation is planned for tomorrow morning."
Sherlock had flopped dramatically onto the sofa and, as usual, pretended to ignore Mycroft by pulling out his phone. This time, however, it wasn't just for show; he was sending a text to John.
"Already done," Sherlock noted, looking over at John as they ran. "Someone's called in a few bomb threats, and there are several suspicious packages at each location. Could be William's work, could be something random. It's probably William. Your appearance, and his failed attempt to silence you may have forced his hand. These bomb threats have tied up a good deal of the yard, and Lestrade won't come without more evidence."
"I know," he agreed, "Believe me I know. I just… prove me wrong, Molly, okay? I need to know before I can walk away from this. Someone died today, and I need to be sure that nothing I did was the cause of it." Again John gestured with the bag, beseeching her with his eyes.
"Let me see him," Laurali insisted, holding out her arms to receive her son. John immediately relinquished him, blinking back tears. "Hello Bryan Hamish Holmes," the new mother whispered. "Happy Birthday."
John had to agree there. The cases were coming so fast now that Sherlock was actually being picky about which one's he would even consider. "And your crusade to make me, what was it you said, bitter and disillusioned?"
"I've known Sherlock a long time," Lestrade murmured, more somber now. "He's...Things haven't been easy for him, and those are just the things I know about." Greg sighed and kicked at the dirt. "He's a good man, always has been. I just hope one day that he'll be a happy one."
Dan's fist caught him full in the face and while he staggered, it was partly staged. He didn't want to push Susan back into the storefront, in fact he used the movement to place himself between them again The stagger also caught the attention of surrounding pedestrians. Sherlock licked his lips and tasted blood. It was hard not to smile, but he'd learned early on in his profession that you never tipped your hand too early.
James smiled pleasantly and leaned back in his seat. "Oh, I think it did," he replied. "Things are just starting out, after all."
"I had unlocked it, but it was sitting idle long enough that it went to screen saver," Mary explained, not looking up from the work on her screen. "I figured it was a better use of my time to gather information then to keep your laptop perpetually ready to use." She paused to take a drink from the glass of water she'd left on the desk. "I see you got a good head start."
to use your brain!" Sherlock hissed. "It's in the apartment complex that's 'under renovations.' Those renovations will never be finished because it's the perfect cover. Far enough away from home for Mr. Werner to feel safe, but close enough to make his home a decent place for storing any overflow dogs."
Evelyn looked up again and said, "He was in trouble. I don't know why, or about what, but he was worried. He started coming home late, even for him. He never really listened to me to begin with, but he wasn't even trying to pretend to anymore." She trailed off for a moment, glanced at the door, then added in a voice close to a whisper. "He was fighting with mother."
Movement caught John's eye and he turned his head back to the screen. "Nikki's just arrived," he said. This report brought forth a put upon sigh from Sherlock, who reluctantly stopped his ministrations, leaning his head against John's shoulder instead.
Sherlock's reply was rapid fire, as though he was reciting from memory, and couldn't get it out fast enough. "Your maid is young, and what some might consider attractive. Just after your wife had a baby, and would likely be 'unavailable' for her usual wifely duties, the site of Camilla must have come as quite a
John's mouth fell open in surprise. They had spoken at length and repeatedly about what had transpired in their days apart, particularly during the case. This particular point, however, had not been alluded to in great detail. "How?" John breathed. "How did you know it was him?"
Mr. McGregor nodded. "It never hurts to be absolutely certain in such cases. Her family is extremely troubled by her passing and have been anxious to assist the authorities in any way they can. When Detective Inspector Lestrade contacted our local police station and explained that Mr. Holmes had taken an interest in the details of this case, we were all quite surprised. I know he has a reputation for working difficult, high-profile cases in London, but this seems very open and shut."
Sherlock looked up, met his brother's gaze and nodded, first to Mycroft, then to Irene, who both nodded back. "Goodnight, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson," Irene murmured as she and her husband left the room. Sherlock watched them go, then turned his gaze back on John, who, not surprisingly, looked confused.
"No," Sherlock replied, undeterred. It was only Lestrade. He probably had a case for Sherlock, and he was
"Hey, how'd you get into that room?" One of the guards asked, frowning at Sherlock, who was leaning out of John's room.
Shameless self promotion: Thank you for taking the time to read my story, and I hope you enjoyed it. I will be working on the "This Doesn't Feel Like Falling." I hope you will consider giving them a look as well. ^_^
"I heard about that on the news," Mary piped up, squinting as she gathered her thoughts. "Were you at the press conference?"
John walked back towards his chair and threw himself into it in a huff. Mycroft had a lot of nerve showing up at his doorstep so soon after their little 'talk'. Was this part of his scheme to get John to forget about Sherlock? John brushed his fingers over his broken watch. Not happening. John tilted the letter in his hand, examining it. Now that he looked at it he realized it only had a fancy J emblazoned on the front. That made sense if this operatives mission was a dangerous as Mycroft had said. Anyone they communicated with would also be in danger.
A huff of air that might have been a laugh escaped Sherlock's mouth but he never stopped slowly scanning the room around him, craning his neck now that John's grip on him stopped him from actually turning. What did health matter when he had so little time left? A handful of months to track and corner this spider in its own web... For normal criminals this would be more than enough time to find and capture a dozen, but this one criminal had taken so long to even make Sherlock suspect that they were there... There was no doubt he was contending with an intellectual equal, someone close enough to him in skill to make the time he had left seem pitifully short.
John could almost feel the gun recoil in his hand as his mind flew back to that long ago night. Mycroft had been right, he
John sighed and sipped his wine. He had spent so much time in the last few weeks simultaneously consumed with thoughts of Sherlock, and wanting to be able to forget he'd ever existed. He avoided the gossip as much as he could. He also hadn't called Lestrade or anyone whom he'd met in conjunction with Sherlock because his...exile had been too recent. John badly needed some distance, but there was only so much distance he could have in London, or in Europe in general. Sherlock did have an international reputation after all.
"Is there a problem?" Sherlock turned his head towards Mr. Walker who had heard Nikki's shouting and was now rapidly approaching him.
Thank you to everyone who has left comments, given kudos to, and/or subscribed/bookmarked this story. You're support is much appreciated. Here's hoping this story still has an audience!
John also began to frown. Mike couldn't be talking of gambling if there was no financial risk, but the other implications his mind supplied were… unsettling. He wouldn't sell drugs, or harm anyone else, but Mike already knew that… John paled at the idea of selling his body. That amount of money implied high demands for such an exchange… It would be highly risky even if he insisted on condoms and other safety measures. His hands tightened on his cane at the realization that he probably would go through with such a proposition, however distasteful he found it, for Harry's sake…
"I wouldn't exactly call it a kindness," Sherlock replied, his arms resting atop John's, which were wound determinedly around Sherlock's torso.
Thank you to everyone who has left comments for, given kudos to, and/or bookmarked or subscribed to this story!  You're support is much appreciated.  ^_^  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
The sounds of the telly echoed in from the other room. It had been on almost constantly these past two weeks. The background noise helped. Not a lot, but it helped. It made it easier to pretend the flat wasn't empty and the fridge wasn't full of half eaten take-out.
are you helping him?" John asked, looking up, his hands still clearing the excess blood away. "What had you so panicked back at Holloway? I'm not brilliant like you are, you're going to have to spell it out for me." John's tone was becoming clipped again as he lost patience.
His daughter grimaced for a few moments, trying to breathe through a contraction. Alex's eyes widened in pain as she clamped down on his hand and he muttered a quiet, "Ow…"
"Do you think your other shoulder will accommodate similar treatment?" Mary asked, keeping her voice quiet.
The world's only consulting detective looked more than doubtful. That is, until John rose to stand over him, his hand on the juncture of Sherlock's neck and shoulder, and his lips grazing his ear. "After your shoulder slipped back in place, I was checking the connection." He pressed down meaningfully with his fingers, pressing lightly into Sherlock's carotid artery. "When Greg mentioned that she would have died without you…I took your pulse."
Mary nodded. "Good, I'm glad. That's what I intended when I decorated." She paused to take a bite of her food. After swallowing she added, "I don't want you to give me an answer about moving in tonight. I can see you're conflicted, and I don't blame you. It sounds like you're life's turned a bit upside down recently. Think about it for a few days at least. Come back for dinner if you need to, you're a good prep cook, and it's nice not to have to contend with dishes afterwards."
be just like him to try to throw in some smug and subtle reminder of why love was nothing but a disappointment waiting to happen. He was glowering at Sherlock's shoes when he found them stopping short.
Thank you to everyone who has left comments, given kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked this story!  You are all wonderful!
Sherlock wriggled desperately to free himself from the ventilation shat. …Neutral snow... train… He didn't have enough evidence to conclusively know it was John, but now that the suspicion was in his mind it rattled around inciting something close to panic. John could not be here, not now, it was too dangerous.
Subduing a guard was out of the question. His security badge wouldn't match his face, and sans killing an otherwise innocent person, it wouldn't give him enough time. Breaking in wasn't even on the table. It would trigger alarms and give him even less time than a security uniform. He could just barely make out Lestrade at the front entrance, arguing animatedly with the attendant there.
She lifted her hand and her fingers caressed his face as she whispered, "No, but it always should be."
Mrs. Hudson had left food outside the door, some of which he'd managed to choke down. Greg had threatened to bring in a tactical unit and break down the door. He hadn't
Once again, as soon as they pulled up to 221 B Sherlock dashed out, leaving John to settle the bill. Scowling, John marched up the steps to their flat. "Are you going to do that
Sherlock grumbled a bit, and looked away. The gentle pressure of John's had on his forearm never wavered.
John sat on the couch in 221B Baker Street with his eyes closed and his head in his hands.  He wasn't sure he could blame this colossal headache on Sherlock, but he was going to try.
from a wealthy family, and William's father was certain that Ms. Evans was only looking for money and power. When Samuel learned that William had formally married Jessica, he disowned William and used his business connections to ensure that William would have a difficult time finding work. William spent the next few years working as a doctor in the United States of America, before his wife left him for some rich and powerful politician."
Sherlock leaned forward, pinning Mr. Murphy with his gaze. "No, but I am, as you have seen, extraordinarily observant. All I'm interested in investigating is the death of Mr. Wallingford, but I will investigate and...expose other matters if that's what it takes to get the cooperation I need." He allowed a slow, cruel smile to creep over his features as he watch Murphy begin to sweat.
Mycroft shrugged. "She is a prima ballerina now, just as she wanted. And her evidence is in safe hands."
Marcus made a sound of agreement, and his hands worked to slide John's jacket slowly off his shoulders. John, however was reluctant to let Marcus go now that he had him, and it wasn't until Marcus eased back with a slow smile and murmured, "I'm not going anywhere," that John relented, and allowed his jacket to slide to the floor.
"I'll be there," Mary confirmed. They said their goodbyes and ended the call. John stretched, looked around him, and let out a long breath. The day was far from over, and it was time to get back to it.
Most people do not realize, or do not often think of the fact that neck ties are tied with noose knots. John realized, and was damn well about to make use of one.
At last the door handle began to turn, and the door opened. John's gaze immediately found Sherlock, sliding along his body, checking for injury, before settling on his face.
John looked away and was silent. Those thoughts were uncomfortable to dwell on, but they were not unfamiliar to him. It was one of the main reasons he'd been adamant about not dating James or anyone else. His life was too chaotic to manage connecting romantically in a healthy way with another person.
John wiped his eyes, which had started to tear from his laughter, and, still chuckling, gently pressed the tips of his fingers against Sherlock's lips. "Stop, just stop."
Sherlock was relatively silent when he entered the sitting room, but he was immediately noticed. A middle aged Caucasian women with brown frizzy hair leapt up from the sofa and hurried over to him. "Thank you for coming, Mr. Homes," she enthused, reaching forward to grab his hands. "We know you can get to the bottom of this!"
James took a step forward into John's personal space, forcing John to look up slightly. His face held a soft, cautious smile. "Well, not everyone can be articulate about their feelings, John." James's hand lifted, slowly, hesitating in the air before resting lightly on John's shoulder.
A company this large and prestigious, with such a long history... well, if it wasn't managed right it could precipitate a serious financial crash. Mr. Wallingford's firm was not the only firm, but all the largest and most influential firms were connected, and the ripple effect would be disastrous...
invite you to the wedding," Mycroft said softly, regret showing itself in his features. "Multiple times."
Mary nodded, her eyes glinting dangerously. "That just leaves revenge, the most dangerous motive. Someone bent on revenge has the most terrible kind of freedom, they often have nothing left to lose. That kind of motivation will drive people to unimaginable lengths. It would also explain the subtlety. The killer is on a mission and doesn't want to be interrupted until they've finished."
She drew her hand back and peered at him dubiously. "Do you have much practical experience applying makeup, Dr. Watson?"
Another cannon case was used as inspiration for the case in this chapter, but it's a rather well-known Sherlock tale, so I don't expect to fool anyone.  Still I hope you enjoy this next chapter as it unfolds!
Folding the letter, John stood, intending to write an immediate reply, when the sound of footsteps on the stairs made him hesitate. Had Mrs. Hudson forgotten something? Unlikely. He didn't need to wait long before a thin, well-dressed, and well groomed man with a face paled by fear appeared in the doorway. "Mr-Mr. Holmes? He asked hesitantly."
Eric sighed and turned, almost as if he was going to start pacing, then stopped himself. "There's nothing I know of, nothing in our statistics that stands out, but...something feels...off. I can't put my finger on it, but... It's things like Emily, her pupils were reactive when you checked, then we lost her heartbeat. I know it can happen, it just doesn't feel right." Eric shook his head and shifted his weight to his other foot. "It's probably nothing, never mind. It's been a long night." Eric started to turn away then turned back, "First shift is coming in soon. Go home, get some rest."
John smiled warmly and shook the offered hand, while Sherlock peered eagerly over his shoulder, impatient to get to work. "Thank you for seeing us on such short notice," John said, determined that
John slowly opened his eyes and saw a flat chest sprinkled with dark, curly hair. He blinked and looked up to see Sherlock smiling down at him. Right, last night. It was slowly coming back to him. Sherlock had protected him. He'd done everything right and saved John from an uncomfortable trip to the hospital. John returned Sherlock's smile. "Good morning," he murmured.
Eric smiled in a humorless way that told John it would be a lot longer until he could rest. That was the nature of being in charge. John understood it, but he still hoped Eric wouldn't push himself too hard. Every leader needed to take time for themselves or they wouldn't be the only ones who suffered.
John's hands stole over his forehead, behind his neck, and under his jaw, feeling the natural, healthy temperature in his skin and lymph nodes that, while still swollen, no longer seemed to illicit pain when touched. "I'm fine," Sherlock repeated, his lips quirking upwards at his flatmate's foolishness.
Sherlock shrugged. "At least once a week since you arrived. Your tossing and turning was distracting." A wry smile crept its way onto John's face until Sherlock added, "It was two or three times a week until I started using this waltz."
"I will never know what possessed you to order John out of your life like that, but you will regret it, Sherlock. He
What was it John had written about him in that blog? Emotions are the grit in a sensitive machine? They had never been Sherlock's words, but they certainly rang true now. For the life of him he couldn't concentrate, couldn't work cases, couldn't do what he had built his life around doing.
John's fingers moved from their anchors at Sherlock's hips, sweeping possessively over his spine once more. Sherlock sighed and let himself drift. One catastrophe at a time...
Mary chuckled, leaning her head against her knees for a moment. "He sounds like a prime candidate for Mystery Science Theater 3000."
Sherlock shook his head, "They weren't specific, but if we're going to get any evidence, now is the time to do so."
John opened his mouth to protest, but the line had already gone dead. He closed his mouth, and frowned at his phone, resisting the urge to grumble in frustration. If Sherlock was right, this would all be over very soon. John looked back to Eric and said, "I'm sorry, I have to go."
"I wanted to talk to you about picking up more hours," John said, trying to look energetic and focused.
was he convincing. His voice was so warm, his movements so casual. This deception angered John, because he knew it must be motivated solely for the benefit of the case. That thought also saddened him. Even if it was a ruse, he'd never seen Sherlock look so relaxed... Certainly he'd seen him happy, especially when an experiment was going well, or during the few cases he had yet to witness, but never relaxed.
"These clothes are soaked in sweat, Sherlock. You need to have dry ones or you're only going to get worse." He pulled Sherlock's shirt over his head and allowed him to lay down on the bed. He reached for Sherlock's trousers and pants next, and met with no protest. John had stripped and dressed delirious patients before, so with Sherlock almost helping, or at least not hindering him, he was able to replace his sodden clothes with dry ones relatively quickly.
John fought to suppress a light chuckle. It was true that Sherlock had never outright lied to John, but that wasn't the point. "That's not the same as trusting me."
His hands were scratched from his careless searching, and some of those scratches were starting to bleed, but it didn't matter. It was only transport, transport which would wither and fade away very shortly, whether or not he managed to accomplish his final goal. Even more of a reason to keep going.
James's smile morphed into a frown, and he eased back a little, chilly air whirling between them as he did so. "I'm sorry, I thought-"
The nobleman looked chagrined. "My daughter is not the product of a legitimate marriage, but she has...refined blood on both sides of her family. To the best of my knowledge she was to remain forever unaware of her true heritage. She was adopted out at birth, and that was to be the end of it." He coughed and fidgeted slightly in his seat. "Her mother, however, was a bit more sentimental than prudence should have allowed. When she died, the girl inherited a small sum of money, along with some very telling letters."
Sherlock had assumed his thinking pose, hands pressed together in front of his face, and considered. Their partnership had slowly become more fluid and routine, but that was natural for any flatmates. John had always been attached to him, you didn't shoot cabbies for people you barely knew if you weren't attached, but it had been the thrill of the game, the chase, and the danger that had first attracted John. If anything, Sherlock's general disposition had been a drawback to being flatmates and associates.
, but looking at her now John wondered just how similar she was to Sherlock. There were some key differences, they weren't at all the same person, but the similarities were striking enough that John wondered what exactly their time in his life said about
Where once there had been a chorus of voices asserting or assuming that John and he were a couple, now they all seemed to be joined as one, encouraging Sherlock to make amends and bring John back.
have complete control…"Hello John." His voice was soft, even to his own ears, but John didn't seem to be listening for a response. John stalked over to the chair clients normally used, forgoing the sofa. He didn't want to be comfortable; he wanted to be on edge. There was no trust in Sherlock anymore, only in his abilities.
Brining his attention back to Lestrade, Sherlock remembered seeing the Detective Inspector a week after his return. Sherlock had been called in on his first official case since his return. John still wasn't speaking to him at that juncture, so he'd come alone. Lestrade had looked more haggard than usual, and a sliver of a shirt was peeking out of one of Lestrade's desk drawers. The fact that Lestrade and his brother had been living together had shocked Sherlock more than their sudden separation. He had been so surprised that he hadn't actually commented on his observations.
John nodded, his eyes sweeping over the doors once more before returning to Mary's smiling face. She must really like exposed wood, none of the doors in her flat were painted, only stained and polished.
The ex-army doctor frowned slightly, stepping closer. They were less than an inch apart when John lifted his hand to press the back of it gently against Sherlock's forehead.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow disdainfully at Lestrade. "There will still be a financial decline, you realize."
Jessica mumbled quietly and leaned her head on his shoulder. He leaned forward and kissed her temple, a smile curling at the edge of his lips. "Try to sleep," he whispered. "We'll be there soon." They were together, so no matter how little they had, they had everything.
John opened his mouth to reply but stopped short as Nikki's companion came into view. He stiffened, scrambling to gather his wits and rush towards the exit before he could be seen, but it was too late. Familiar light blue eyes looked up and locked him in place from across the room.
Sherlock snorted derisively, and shook his head. "Not much point in that, is there? Putting aside the fact that the first Mrs. McAndrew burned to ashes, and the deterioration which would occur to the other two bodies because of the length of time they have been decomposing, you have no practical knowledge of autopsies and anything I would try to teach you would naturally be suspect in your eyes."
Rebecca nodded. "That's right. The compartments aren't large, but if you have any items that won't fit, we can tag them and store them in our larger vault.
Sherlock had, more or less, accused him of being an adrenaline junkie. Sherlock, naturally, had been right. It was part of what had made life with Sherlock so appealing, one never knew what was coming next. He'd have to find a different kind of excitement now, and an Accident and Emergency Hospital seemed like the perfect place.
John's mouth fell open in shock. That would certainly explain Sherlock's reticence. He'd probably gone there to observe her, but…, "How did you know she would be there?"
Disgusted with his lack of results Sherlock attempted to rise to his feet and search another area. His limbs, however, were too cold and stiff to support his weight, and he stumbled, finally toppling onto floor, cracking the back of his head loudly against the coffee table. Sherlock sucked in a breath and curled into a ball, clutching his skull. He'd suffered far worse injuries without flinching, but this kind of pain had some...powerful associations.
Sherlock lifted the cup to his lips and took a sip, letting the warm liquid sooth his throat while he took stock of his transport. He should definitely eat today.
Harry looked doubtfully at the screen in front of her, desire and hesitation warring on her face. "But Johnny, the money..."
Sherlock crept to the edge of the roof and scanned for any signs of his pursuers. He watched them disappear into the streets of London. One man and dog went east, the other south. Sherlock smirked and made his was gingerly down the west side of the building, which was thankfully shadowed in another alley. He glanced around as he climbed, making sure he was unobserved.
It could be possible that this woman was the spider. If she'd felt Sherlock poking around in her web the syringe could have been a warning. If she was a good as he thought she was, it would be no hardship for her to research his poisoning.
A wry, have amused, half irritated voice cut through the sudden silence of the room. "If you'll kindly remove your tongue from my brother's mouth, we have some talking of our own to do."
A tall man in a posh suit who may have been a co-conspirator and/or a staff member at the funeral home pulled the hysterical woman into his arms, trying to sooth her. "It's okay," he murmured, "It's okay. It's almost over."
"And I've worked as many double shifts as you have, doctor," Mary replied, adamant in her decision. "I'll be fine."
There was very little conversation after the service, a few whispered condolences and goodbyes, nothing more. John stayed after everyone had left, and Sherlock stayed with him, silently holding his hand. Once the grave had been filled and they were well and truly alone John started to wonder if Sherlock would stand there with him through the night if John didn't leave? John hadn't really intended to stay this long; it just hadn't felt right to leave yet.
I can't believe I made it through the winter with my sanity intact, but here we are. I am finally unpacked, and, sadly, my father-in-law is laid to rest. This is probably over-sharing, but I did feel my readers were owed an honest explanation.
"The faster we can get there, the better," Sherlock explained with an obvious wink. The cabbie nodded and then they were speeding off down the streets of London.
John took a deep breath, settled himself on the couch with his tea, and picked up the letter once more.
did she keep that stupid ring? It was unremarkable enough to be looked over at a casual meeting, but it was still something that made her identifiable-a bad thing in her line of work, unless it was some badge of loyalty, as Sherlock had first thought... Sherlock hadn't really seen any of Moriarty's other lackeys directly, so it was impossible to tell if they also bore thin, shining rings.
Mycroft arched a thoughtful eyebrow in John's direction. "If you will follow me, I will take you to him."
Unfortunately, technology did not respond to treats or carefully worded barbs. It could not be emotionally manipulated to reveal the details of what could be easily deduced. Technology responded only to its programming, and Mr. Wallingford, motivated by just such emotional liabilities, had been thorough. Sherlock had barely brushed the computer's codes when their complexity became readily apparent. Mr. Wallingford was well trained and had many technologically savvy people in his employ. Sherlock could not be certain if Mr. Wallingford had coded the computer directly, or asked one of said employees to set up the securities and backdoors before he had begun working on it. Either way, it was better to exercise caution. This was the best lead he'd seen all day, and Sherlock was not about to bollix it up by inadvertently tripping any self-destruct programming that might have been added to the machine.
She pulled back and slipped away from him. He stood alone on the dance floor, stationary in a sea of moving couples, and watched her leave the building.
The stranger chuckled, his voice was a deep baritone, but not quite the same tenor as Sherlock's. He was indeed in an expensive and immaculately tailored suit. He had warm amber eyes that sparkled with laughter, which rested behind the small rectangular lenses of his glasses. His hair was black and straight, falling just past his ears. It was longer than what was traditional considered professional, but it was neatly trimmed, and suited the overall refined image.
"Don't worry about it," Sherlock advised, reaching out and, with gentle pressure, easing Nikki's hand away from her mouth.
After the failed case involving Ms. Adaline, Sherlock began to suspect that this spider was aware of his probing into its web, and that Ms. Adaline was involved somehow. Why else would she have left a syringe for him to find in her hiding place? It didn't make any sense, not unless she knew about his poisoning, something he had never shared with anyone... But this spider was clever. They might be able to figure it out if they'd begun investigating Sherlock, if he'd been sloppy enough to draw their notice... He looked down at his trembling hands and sighed. The symptoms were getting harder to control…
to imagine John with someone else. They had never been a couple, but even before he'd been honest about the nature and depth of his own feelings, Sherlock knew he'd been possessive of John. It was hard not to be when John had brought so many good things into his life.
Sherlock could see the shorter man's jaw clench at that realization. He fought a smirk as he observed that if John clenched his jaw any tighter, he'd risk chipping a tooth. John certainly didn't want to give any ground in this moral argument, but neither was he willing to needlessly endanger the lives of others to prove a point. Pity, that.
"Sherlock, we don't have time for theatrics," John's voice quavered with restrained anger. "People are
"I want you to test them." John repeated. "Specifically, I want you to test the bottles that should have held Narcan, to see if anything is off, and if it matches what's in the syringes."
Sherlock leaned close over John's shoulder to see for himself, and then nodded. "Well, that's one way to get rid of evidence."
It was Molly who had finally taken pity on him, and helped him in an unexpected way; she'd given him work to do. It was against policy, John wasn't an employee of the morgue, but it
Greg shrugged. "Sherlock manipulates everyone, it's what he does. But he's brilliant and we need him, and you were right about him caring."
Movement caught his eye, and John lifted his head to watch Sherlock making his way across the street. His long, Belstaff coat hid the repairman disguise he wore beneath it. The good doctor had to admit that it was a well thought out scheme. As Sherlock had explained before they left that morning, '
government official. But even he's not had much to go on lately. No good fraud or corruption cases, never mind a murder."
John had honestly meant to get Sherlock to bed, but he didn't want to wake him. His fever had broken and he'd seemed chilled; it had only been natural to pull a blanket over the both of them. The ex-army doctor tried to be logical, and he'd listed all sorts of reasons why it was a bad idea, before ultimately letting Sherlock use him as a bed anyway.
John glanced outside and smiled. Ice crystals formed around the windows and snow was piling up on the sill even as more fell from the sky. A warm fire was still crackling merrily in their fireplace. Today felt like a good day to curl up and read a book. Sometimes John would pretend that Sherlock was there in his mind palace, and he had been during many lazy days around 221 B. John knew it wasn't true, but it helped on the bad days, and even on the bad days that weren't so bad.
"I called her after I called you," Sherlock muttered, his gaze still fixated on the computer. "Didn't I tell you?"
John pursed his lips to stop himself from voicing an argument to a man who was god knows how many miles away, and read on.
John rested his head back on Sherlock's chest, closed his eyes and 'hmmed' contentedly. "Warm," he replied. Perhaps he would normally be embarrassed being naked and in bed with Sherlock. Not this morning, however. He was more comfortable than he'd been in days and Sherlock didn't seem to mind. That was a nice thing about Sherlock, he never read anything more into a situation than there was. Last night he had climbed naked into bed to keep John warm without a second thought. Now, well, if he wasn't equally warm and comfortable he was at least content to let John remain so.
"Look at her, Lestrade, it's written all over her," Sherlock gestured with his hand and Susan flinched again, folding in on herself as thought she could will herself to disappear. "The way she flinches when anyone raises their voice or their hand-"
John chuckled and pulled back. "Right, sorry." John moved to get off of Sherlock when his hand brushed the consulting detective's cheek and he stilled.
Sherlock didn't see anyone in his brief time in the hallway, but he was glad he had taken precautions regardless. He knew the security cameras were still watching, and he was not likely to be tracked down if he looked like a simple delivery man that someone else had already let in. Human error left even the most secure places vulnerable to intrusion.
"Sherlock, you don't have enough evidence," Lestrade said patiently, on the other end of the line. "People fight, Mr. Dwight was up front about the fact that they'd been fighting the night she died. Her toxicology screen showed a blood alcohol level of .5 percent. She sent her husband a goodbye text just before she's reported to have fallen. It is generally believed that Mrs. Dwight fought with her husband, got drunk, and leapt off the Scammonden Bridge."
John shook his head, his expression growing serious. "No, he was just excited to tell me whatever he was up to. He liked being the center of attention."
work... She was a much better match for John than he'd realized. He just had to convince her to abandon any plans she had about encouraging a reconciliation between himself and John, and time would do the rest...
"What was it?" John asked after a protracted silence. As much as Sherlock loved to show off he tended to trail off at inconvenient places once he felt something should be obvious.
"Agreed. I'm not sure what he was playing at. I refused him, and not just because I didn't trust him; his offer went against my principles."
John nodded, humming in satisfaction. Roses had always been his sister's favorite flowers; the Osiria Rose in particular. They had white petals that flushed up to pink/red tips. From the looks of the pictures, this place had a lot of them. "It says you can tend up to three garden beds at one time, if you wanted."
"That's wonderful news, John!" Mrs. Hudson gushed, squeezing his arm. "I hoped it would turn out like that."
Sherlock's eyes darted down the page in front of him, noting John's new address. Safe older building not far from Charing Cross. That was promising. A short commute generally lead to greater overall satisfaction with one's employment and one's personal life. Sherlock riffled through his mind palace for everything he had on John's building. Those were owned flats, not rented. John had decent savings, but not enough to buy. Was he living with a new flatmate? Most likely.
. As he grasped it, however, Sherlock's grip tightened, preventing John from taking it out of his hand. John looked up and was instantly met by the chilling glare of Sherlock's light blue eyes. Sherlock's baritone voice rumbled, deep and threatening. "This won't be enough to send her where she might get the best help. And she's still going to fail anyway. If you can't let her go, you're going to spend the next year watching her
Sherlock's tension and irritation were mounting. He'd never been good at controlling either, and he wanted a case! An actual case, and a good one! Sherlock slammed the laptop shut with a soft growl.
John felt a flush of embarrassment creeping up his neck, but his glower never wavered. "Irritating me is not going to get you out of dinner," he insisted.
Sherlock had made no secret about his objectives. What if John hadn't seen something more than a brilliant mind and a cold heart? What if he'd only seen the results of a carefully laid plan...Sherlock had written his sister... Sherlock had talked about old cases with him. When Sherlock deigned to listen they had even collaborated on cases. True, most of John's ideas had been wrong, but being Sherlock's sounding board had seemed to help him focus.
we saved you the work of finding he body," Sherlock insisted, still grinning. "I left a severed head for you in the fighting ring,"
jumping at shadows. Or if there was any clue here, he wasn't anywhere near brilliant enough to find it. Feeling foolish and dejected, John extended his arm to return the file to the young morgue assistant. "Thanks, Molly."
"I had to get you out of there, John," Sherlock insisted, still cradling his injured arm. "It wasn't safe for you." Sherlock spoke in a steady, quiet tone so much more resolute then anything Sherlock had ever said or yelled during a tantrum.
She paused beside John and stretched her hand out to him. "Thank you for your help, doctor. It's always so frightening when I get a strong attack.
Sherlock wasn't surprised by her reaction Nikki had experienced many men, especially her father, making false promises to her. That, combined with the warning John had obviously given her, drove her over the edge of suspicion very quickly. Sherlock didn't try to stop her, or shout reassurances after her, as she turned and ran. Words, in her world and in most of reality, meant very little.
, too much like old times to question. This was exactly what he didn't need, and why he'd been so hesitant to come to Sherlock in the first place. John took a steadying breath even as he felt his chest tighten. One thing at a time. He had to stay focused on the case. Perhaps Sherlock felt his detainment was related, and that's why he'd been concerned about John's safety.
been searching this room for more data, anything that would help me fill in the gaps when your wife provided a wealth of important information."
The ex-army doctor paled as he refocused on the letter, immediately tore it open, and pulled out a letter that was crinkled and stained with what John suspected where tears.
John immediately bristled, and opened his mouth to declare that he was not, in fact, flirting, only to promptly shut it again. No. He wasn't even going to dignify that with a reply. Instead he turned, pulled his gun out of the pocket of his white coat, and made his way for the building while the other three followed him inside.
John nodded and continued stirring. About three minutes later, Mary was beside him again, taking the spoon out of his hands.
"The Clemons were a wealthy family, and so her husband, Mr. Clemons offered Victor's father an exorbitant amount of money if he could…'fix' the situation."
John pressed in close to Sherlock's back, his lips pressing dangerously close to the Sherlock's ear as he rumbled, "I would like to
John agreed and turned to go, wondering if he should head back to 221 B, or take James up on his offer to serve as a port in the storm that had become his life.
John growled softly in frustration and spat, "James isn't my lover, Sherlock!" He knew he was only giving Sherlock what he wanted, but it was 9:00am, and he was already out of patience.
There were very, very few people Sherlock allowed himself to get close to, and even then only to a point. It wasn't about avoiding liabilities on a professional level, but on a personal one. Moriarty had known who Sherlock had really cared about, and had threatened them all. It would be an easy thing for any advisory to figure out. No, it was Sherlock's own lack of comfort being vulnerable, of allowing someone to affect him past a certain point. John, in his own unassuming way, had slipped right into Sherlock's heart anyway,
"He was," Mary agreed, dabbing discreetly at her eyes. "He had a bit of a hero complex, but I loved him for his kind heart. If he felt like he could put something right, there was never any stopping him."
John let out a choked, humorless laugh. Mrs. Hudson was still convinced that he was dating her favorite tenant, and he didn't have the strength to argue with her today.
"Precisely," Sherlock cried, jumping back into a seated position. "And the body would impact the roadway sideways! Let's go see Lestrade before he bollixes this case up more than he already has." Sherlock lept from the couch with seemingly boundless energy and reached for his coat.
The morning after, Sherlock found himself tucked securely into his own bed. His neck ached, and his wound had been thoroughly cleaned and bandaged. His room was empty, but it smelt heavily of John, letting Sherlock know he had not been alone long.
Sherlock ran a hand through his wild curls, shoved his phone into his pocket, and turned away from John, walking towards the door of their hotel room.
John looked to Mary, mostly because he didn't want to look at Sherlock. She was catching her breath, they all were, and her grin was infectious. Her eyes glittered with an excitement and almost a humor that John had rarely seen. In the time he'd been her flat mate he'd seen her sad or discomforted a few times, but nothing very strong. He wouldn't have said she was
The Detective Inspector fixed Sherlock with a long hard look before gesturing pointedly to the door. "Out with you, then." As the taller man passed him, Lestrade grabbed him by the elbow for a moment and added, "Oh, and Sherlock, if I do have a reason to arrest you again, don't expect any help from me. I'll try to keep you here as long as I can."
"They're all staying at Uncle Mycroft's townhouse actually," Laurali explained with a grimace. "That must be tight quarters."
Mike nodded in understanding. That was one thing that John had always liked about him when they were in medical school together, Mike never belabored a point. He was immensely practical. "What about you?" John ventured, "What have you been up to?"
"But if you do stop you'll have to deal with heats again, as well as being an unbonded omega," John replied. His tone was soft, even though his muscles were still tense, his instincts driving him to destroy a threat that wasn't palpable.
The irony of the music was not lost on him. This piece in particular was full of longing, despair and, at the end, hope. Hope seemed like a very foolish thing to have at the end of this piece, considering that, in most interpretations at least one of the main characters, often both, died. Still there were very few endings of this ballet that didn't allude to the lovers being reunited, even if both were dead and came together only in the afterlife.
John's chest tightened and he called out again. "Sherlock?" He wouldn't be at all surprised if there was some secret passage or room that his wayward flatmate had failed to inform him off. John waited, counting the seconds…nothing. He sighed and slumped against the doorframe of Sherlock's bedroom, running a hand over his face.
Seven and a half minutes later three police cars and an ambulance converged on the scene, which had generated a sizable crowd of gawkers. Normally onlookers were only a complication; now, however, Sherlock intended to use them to his advantage. Susan was already hyper-vigilant and jittery, glancing around nervously as adrenaline raced through her system. He needed her on-edge.
they'd done together, that John's tolerance for having his world turned on its ear would be greater than most people would need in a lifetime. Generally speaking, one would be correct. However, John had never hoped, never even dreamt that his sorrowful request, breathed only to the mist and the cold granite of Sherlock's tombstone, would ever come true. He'd wanted it to be true, desperately, more than anything, but he'd still had a firm grip on reality. He'd seen the blood. There was no pulse... Those sightless blue eyes would haunt him until the day he died...
Sherlock refocused the light, and knelt down to have a closer look, prodding the flesh gently. "Ha!" he cried, flashing a triumphant smile.
Sherlock swallowed as he watched John lean towards his straining erection, and lick the precum off the tip. Sherlock gasped his eyelids fluttering at the sensation, until John pulled back and growled, "Look at me." Sherlock's eyes snapped open and he watched as John leaned forward again, their eyes locked as he took the head of Sherlock's member into his mouth and swirled his tongue around it. Sherlock moaned softly, his hands returning to John's scalp, not pushing or pulling, just touching, feeling, categorizing the sensations.
Sherlock looked at his brother for a long moment, then nodded slowly. "I'll consider it." The two brother's shared a brief smile before Sherlock's eyes flickered back to Irene. "What kind of interference can I expect, then?"
They were awfully close now; Sherlock could feel the breath of John's words on his face. He swallowed. "I-I
And now John was sitting relatively alone, on the hard cement floor while the police tided up and Sherlock was brilliant.
Sherlock tore himself away from the windows and reached for his phone. His hands were still shaking and he forced himself to take deep, measured breaths, trying desperately to control his transport.
John nodded. "Definitely." He was a practical man. James had been a good friend to him, and he wasn't about to throw that over just because his friend had asked him for something he couldn't give. His life was in such turmoil, it wasn't worth losing his port in a storm. And somehow, things didn't feel awkward. He was still surprised at James's confession, and if he was being honest, he was even a little flattered.
"You're welcome, dear," she said with a soft smile, leaning over to pat him on the knee once more before making her way back towards the door and down the stairs. John watched her go with a perplexed smile on his face. The idea of Sherlock and him together was so ludicrous... He'd definitely have to write Harry about this, she could probably use a laugh.
John pulled his gaze away from the article once more and stared at his flatmate in confusion. "So... what? Are you offended by their vague statistics?"
Encouraged, John thrust harder, scissoring his fingers, and searching for Marcus's prostate. When Marcus leapt and moaned in his arms John knew he had found it. He pressed up, teasing the soft flesh until Marcus gasped his name.
Mary threaded one of her arms under John's good shoulder, wrapping it around the front and using that leverage in tandem with pressure from the heel of her other hand along his trapezius. John moaned softly, tipping his head forward towards his chest, and Mary smiled. "Neat trick, huh?"
. You know that better than most. It wouldn't be fair; I need to sort some things out for myself first, make sure Harry's settled after treatment..."
Mr. Miller clenched his jaw so tightly John was certain he would break a tooth, then he spat in Sherlock's face.
John opened his eyes and took in a deep, slow breath before replying. "She's alright." James still didn't know the details of Harry's story, and he hadn't asked. The ex-army doctor knew his friend must have a few suspicions, but he'd respectfully kept them to himself. At the same time, James had shown his support by asking after Harry every few weeks. It was an odd place to be. John had never once felt pressured, and yet he had felt quietly supported since James had first seen the pictures of Harry's roses. The quiet acceptance that followed every brief response John offered about his sister's well-being made him want to open up. It had been a long time since he'd last felt he could truly trust someone.
The lobby was a soft grey with elegant furnishings and the reception desk held two small displays of purple and white orchids. The receptionist, who's nametag declared her to be "Rebecca" glanced up at they entered and smiled. "Greetings gentleman. How can I help you today?"
Sherlock's fingers were poised over the keys of his laptop, ready to research the building John was living in, find the owner's name, and run an extensive background check… but he stopped himself. Not because it might be considered rude or invasive, those considerations rarely even registered with Sherlock. No, he stopped himself because he trusted John and he knew himself.
Sherlock gasped as John growled again, lightly shaking his head, his mouth still firmly attached to Sherlock's neck. It was a primal instinct meant to help thoroughly mark, claim, and bond the omega. Sherlock's fingers swept up to anchor themselves in John's short hair.
John accepted the letter with a quiet, "Thank you." He smiled when he saw Harry's familiar scratchy writing. He wasn't expecting another letter, he was leaving for Switzerland tomorrow, but he was always pleased to hear from his sister.
"Yes, Dr. Watson," Nikki replied dutifully, a slight wryness creeping into her smile. "Trust me, Sherlock's given me plenty of opportunities to practice." Glancing over her shoulder at Sherlock, Nikki asked, "7:00pm right?"
Sherlock arched an eyebrow at him. "It wasn't my intention, but she had written me to offer her thanks, and I replied that thanks was hardly necessary considering her high likely hood of failure. That made her angry and we argued back and forth for a while, now she's thanking me again." Sherlock shook his head, gently. "She makes about as much sense as you do."
His first glance at the stairs told him there hadn't been any visitors. No new scuff marks, no minute deposits of sediment, no disturbance of the dust in the corners. Just as well, he could have his pick from the website this way.
John pressed his stethoscope into the pale back of the woman on the gurney in front of him. "Deep breath," he instructed. She complied, coughing slightly on the out breath. John shifted his stethoscope to her other lung. "Again." Again the woman, whose name was Lucy Aster, took a deep breath. There was some slight wheezing, but her breath sounds were much improved from when she had first arrived. John checked the lower part of both her lungs and was satisfied that the breathing treatment had worked.
Mike nodded. "I finally decided to make a go of it." There was a brief pause before he added, "You know, they might still be looking for someone. I could put in a good word, if you want."
When they came to the corner where they usually parted ways Sherlock called his goodnight out to Nikki without pausing to turn his head or look at her. Her life experience had made Nikki very astute at observing the emotions of others, and Sherlock knew she would suspect his tears even if she never actually saw them…
place in London where he could get away from these kind of rumors… but he wasn't about the leave the city. Not because of Sherlock, not because of anyone. London was his
"Only by reputation," the stranger replied with a warm smile. "I know he works with the Yard sometimes, and he used to be at St. Bart's morgue quite frequently. We never ran into each other, though."
"I take it, that your knowledge of the Russian language led you to deduce my name?" Mr. Volkov asked, his expression serious, but not angry.
Sherlock leaned forward, hovering over the board slightly. "And If I didn't want you to know about this supposed case, what makes you think you would?" Long, elegant fingers shifted, advancing a knight towards John's king.
Sherlock can't come to grips with what he's done, but that doesn't stop his decision from haunting him, even as he embarks on a new case.
He felt Sherlock take a slow, deep breath and leaned towards him in time to catch the barest murmur, "Migraine..."
Sherlock, who had looked over his shoulder at the contents of his desk, turned back, looking perplexed. "Yes, seriously. I don't joke about experiment supplies. The first case is over. It wasn't
"No! Wait!" Sherlock cried, stilling John's movements. Their eyes met again, John's gaze calm and curious.
At some point there were fingers, and lube. Sherlock hadn't noticed when John's fingers had entered him, he was in such a haze, but they were most definitely
"You won't stay that way for long with the mountains in the area," John replied, still glowering at Eva and Frederick as they bent over the computer.
John nodded. "Yes, you were unconscious by the time I reached you, so I called for an ambulance. I did some rescue breathing too, because your respirations seemed dangerously sluggish." Then, as an afterthought, John added, "Whoever they were made off with the laptop."
John let out a pressured breath through his teeth, a hiss of suppressed irritation at the lightness with which Alexander spoke of his injuries.
"I won't come back," John insisted, his own voice hardening with absolutely finality. He was willing to put himself out there, to lay himself open, knowing that rejection was a possibility, but he wouldn't do this again. Not with Sherlock. Not after such an abrupt and thoughtless dismissal after all the years they'd spent together.
John reached to take her arm and Mary allowed it as they made their way back into the main hall. "I thought you said this story was always tragic?" John asked.
Ilia looked almost hostile, his face flushed with apparent anger. He stepped up beside Susan, and placed a protective arm over her shoulders. "I will thank you to be on your way,
John wasn't fooled in the slightest. He raised an accusatory eyebrow at his husband. "This is not the time to be making rash decisions, Sherlock."
He watched Molly turn and walk away before he turned back to Mary. Mary gave him a tight lipped smile and murmured, "Now we wait."
"This isn't a game!" John insisted, glowering at the Detective Inspector. Greg Lestrade sat at his desk, typing away at his reports, only occasionally glancing at John. The ex-army doctor, meanwhile stood over Greg's computer, trying to convince him of the urgency of the situation. "Mrs. Hudson hasn't seen him for two days! He isn't answering his phone or any of the texts I've sent him. Something is off about this whole, bloody thing."
"You're welcome, Mary replied, still smiling. "You're welcome back anytime you'd like more, cleaning up after is the worst part in my opinion."
John looked up and smiled ruefully. "I told you I couldn't win against you the first time we played."
. He knew he was living on borrowed time, shortening his lifespan to make the years he did have more tolerable, but that hadn't mattered. A little extra time was not worth his peace of mind, and there was no one he cared about leaving broken hearted... except John.
"I've been meaning to get back to work at a surgery, or something, but Harry has been too ill to be left alone."
Marcus's smile slipped from wry, to smug, to sensual. "I don't," he replied, leaning forward into John's personal space to murmur, "I pick people up on my nights off."
A calm, clear voice picked up the line. "Edelweiss Recovery Center, Lynn speaking. How can I help you?"
Lestrade's grip on his arm was cutting off his circulation now, and his face hardened in a way it usually didn't unless he was facing down a particularly heartless criminal, but he was blessedly silent.
Sherlock studied John's face for a moment before lifting his fingers to John's neck and tracing a mark he had never seen, but had imagined to have been there at one time. Sherlock was both jealous, and grateful that John had someone when he needed them. "His name is Marcus Oylear." Haltingly Sherlock found John's eyes again. "I believe you have been acquainted with him."
John blinked and looked at Marcus again when he heard him ordering the exact same stout that John had ordered. Again Marcus seemed to feel the stare because he turned to smile and shrug at John. "You tried my drink, it seemed only fair."
"Sherlock," John admonished softly. He remained still, studying his flatmate's profile until Sherlock lifted his gaze once more. "You can tell me," John continued. "Whatever this is, you don't have to deal with it alone."
John clenched his teeth together to bite back a scathing retort. This would be awful. This would be utter hell, but he would do this for Harry. "How did you know I see a therapist?" he ground out,
Sherlock didn't stop once they were on the other side, but tore down the street, turning down a side street, and dove into a small ally between buildings, John hot on his heels. Once they were both in the ally, Sherlock tugged John down behind some bins that were set close to one of the buildings. They huddled, panting for breath, listening to the distant ringing of the alarms from Holloway Sanatorium.
," Sherlock had replied, tucking his head in the crook of John's shoulder and letting out a contented sigh, "
"I noticed in your application you're open to being called to cover shifts that open unexpectedly," Eric said, glancing at the papers on his clipboard and back at John.
He maneuvered into the kitchen and walked to the far corner before he set all but one of his boxes down on the counter. Most of the delivery people were bent over their boxes, setting them down, flirting with the kitchen staff, or helping set the food items away. They were just distracted enough to 'see' Sherlock without really observing him.
he had been trained by the army. He should know how to scale a building and land with the proper support...unless he was rushing. Had he rushed to Sherlock's side after shouting his warning? Had he stayed with him all this time? "You didn't need to hurt yourself," he mumbled, still feeling a bit foggy from the sedatives.
Only cases, as much as he may want to deny it, weren't his only objective anymore, and knowing John Watson had brought out parts of himself he'd completely written off as useless…
John turned again, staring hard at the man in front of him. "Explain, exactly, and precisely, what you are offering."
Sherlock stared lazily at the ceiling, his hands pressed firmly together just under his nose, and did not reply.
"You've created quite a spectacle out here, Sherlock. You forget I'm used to working with you," Lestrade cut in.
When they neared the far corner of the room Sherlock halted again. There was another apparatus here, but it looked rougher around the edges. It was pressed tightly against the side of a much larger metal rectangular box, with a short pipe connecting them both. Sherlock stared for a moment, before ripping his face mask off and sniffing the air. Despite Mary and John's shouted protests, Sherlock knelt beside the smaller apparatus, and sniffed again. This time he pulled away coughing and struggled to fix his breathing mask back into place.
Sherlock began slowly, but menacingly, moving towards Mr. Walker, forcing him back until he was pressed against a wall with Sherlock towering over him. "Something is only a threat, Mr. Walker, if there is the slightest possibility that it may not be carried out. " Sherlock leaned forward a few inches more and whispered. "I take it we understand each other now?"
After an endless series of doors, Mycroft finally stopped in front of an unmarked one. He glanced over his shoulder at John before opening the door for him, and letting John pass through unhindered. The door clicked shut behind him, leaving John alone in a room with a gossamer curtain separating him from the man in the bed. A near translucent piece of fabric separating him from...
John clenched his jaw shut and pushed his head back into the headrest of the seat. The scenery displayed in the large windows of the train was utterly lost on him. He was on his way to his sister, but his mind was trapped in 221 B Baker Street, trying to figure out why he felt so betrayed...
"More people than you can imagine, Detective Inspector. Many of my colleagues are dead, but the organizations of my government are vast. They must have been hunting me since my disappearance, and the death of the others. This is why I changed my name and did not do any work which would attract attention. I work at a publishing house, translating their manuscripts. Now that my government knows where I am, this cannot continue. I had hoped that Susan could collect my life insurance and together we could journey to America under new identities, without fear of discovery."
John rolled his eyes. "Yes, yes. I've heard that before. Do you know when he might be coming home, or don't you?"
"Why? Investigations are tense and slow things down, but in the end, if there's nothing to hide, there's no reason to worry." John knew he hadn't seen anything questionable...but hospitals were big places
"Have you tried apologizing?" Mrs. Hudson asked, setting the tea pot down once Sherlock's cup was full again.
John, who had finally reached the coffee table, reached up and tugged on Sherlock's sleeve. "Sherlock," he said, a bit loudly, "Sherlock, come on, get down. Pushing yourself is one thing, but this...this isn't healthy."
Sherlock opened the file reflexively, eagerly, and before he could think better of it. His chest tightened when John's picture loaded on the screen, along with the rest of his employee file. For several long minutes Sherlock could do nothing but stare at the picture and deduce.
John shook his head. "No, we're just flatmates, and I'll thank you, to stop insinuating that we're something we're not, before she gets an urge to jump off a building too."
John scanned the screen again, she'd shifted to a page that discussed the treatment fees. The Edelweiss Recovery Center required thirty thousand pounds for a six month stay. He smiled warmly at his sister and winked, even as his insides chilled. "That's just to get you on your way and started," he assured her. "I wanted you to be comfortable when you got there."
he wanted John to do was place a small tracking device on her person, under the guise of tripping into her. Sherlock would make it easy for him by planting and then detonating some rather convincing smoke bombs. Those bombs would then set off the fire alarms, and the building would be evacuated. It would be the most natural thing in the world for John to "accidently" jostle Ms. Adeline during the evacuation.
She had left most of the details of her funeral to John, only requesting that Sherlock be present, and that she be buried under her real name, beside her husband. Mary's letter made it clear that she had no other close ties, so John had only invited those involved in the case, excepting Mrs. Hudson who couldn't be left out because of her connection to John and Sherlock both, as well as the people who Mary had helped save. He doubted Mary would want much ceremony, but he wanted her to be remembered.
Sherlock took the water glass and handed John a small cup of mouthwash.  John gave a fatigued smile of thanks before rinsing his mouth out once more.  He knew the mouth wash was for his comfort, not Sherlock's.  Sherlock had the iron stomach of a doctor after all his experiments and all the crime scenes he's witnessed.
"That's right, you were in the service too," Mary said, her gaze sweeping over him. "It looks like you've done very well for yourself after coming back."
"True enough," Mary agreed. There was a brief pause before she added. "Do you want to grab food out tonight?"
John spoke with such authority than no one questioned him. Sherlock washed the baby while his husband assisted with the afterbirth. The paramedics took Laurali and Bryan's vitals, and declared them safe to transport. Everyone was cleaned up and ready to go inside of ten minutes.
Sherlock hummed in satisfaction, using his grip on John's hips to tug him forward, then back again. John let him, leaning over to brace his hands on the bed, needing something to hold onto. Sherlock felt his throat stretch to accommodate John's cock and hummed softly, surprisingly happy to have John's cock inside him.
Naturally he had made a point of observing Lestrade closely when opportunity presented, and commenting on what he observed. Lestrade was not amused, but for the most part he had learned to ignore Sherlock. Sherlock knew things had turned serious when Mycroft had taken it upon himself to text him:
Sherlock didn't comment, so John assumed he hadn't erred in his summations. He continued. "His methods for killing vary every time, ergo he's not attached to a certain ritualized way of doing things."
Several minutes later, John took a long pull from a steaming mug, and allowed himself to tear off the seal to the envelope. As he pulled out the folded pages, John had a moment to consider all of the different places in the flat where he had read Alexander's letters. Sometimes by his desk, sometimes in his chair, and once on the couch. It was unusual for such a creature of habit, for that was what John was outside of the danger in his life. Perhaps that's how he managed it so well; enjoyed it so much. Lack of adequate peril in his life without Sherlock may be yet one more thing that made Alexander's letters so appealing.
Mary nodded, and John thought he could see a plan fall into place in her mind. "Alright, you stick to washing and cutting the vegetables, then you can tackle the dishes afterwards."
John moved to the windows in the sitting room, and watched the street to make sure Mycroft had left, before looking at the letter in his hands once more. A smile he couldn't quite help crept onto his face as he studied his first initial on the front of the envelope. Taking up Sherlock's letter opener, John carefully tore open the envelope, pulled out the letter, and began to read:
The keys clattered softly to the floor as Sherlock crossed the short distance between them and covered John's mouth with his hand, his other hand gripping John's arm tightly.
John moves forward the only way that he can, and desperately hopes everything will stop feeling so wrong.
They surprised Susan and Ilia, the pair that Donovan had taken in for questioning the night before, in the garden. They were kneeling together by the flowerbeds, doing some weeding and talking in hushed voices. What really struck John wasn't that Susan was engaged in such a
John huffed and looked out the window, at once appalled by this man's unspeakable arrogance, and awed by his brilliance. He shook he head, covered his mouth with his hand for a moment, then turned back to face Sherlock. As much as he didn't want to admit it, he was impressed. "That, was amazing," he replied haltingly, unable to keep the words back.
reactive," he confirmed. The pupils were nearly pinpoints to begin with, but the movement John did see confirmed that this patient had at least a fighting chance.
"He enjoyed the ballet, he just…" Sherlock's expression darkened with pain when he recalled to moment his eyes had met John's. He'd felt the connection like a physical shock, and the pain on John's face was like a twist of a knife in the heart he'd spent so many years denying he had. Sherlock's entire body had ached with the need to reach out to John, to try to sooth and apologize; he'd started to shake with the denied impulse. Not twenty minutes ago Sherlock had been able to indulge himself, to beg for forgiveness through music as some of the final songs of the ballet were being performed, but Sherlock knew he could not act towards reconciliation. Not now, not ever. It was the one kind thing he could still do for John. Blinking, Sherlock forced himself back to the present moment. "He likely made some assumptions about my presence here. The next time he sees you he'll probably warn you not to trust me as your substitute."
The ex-army doctor's shoulder's sagged with relief as they began to walk again, slowly making their way to the edge of the park. "Thank you."
After a short moment she licked her lips, just as John was in the habit of doing when he was thinking. Then, she spoke. "I didn't really
Marry nodded and stood, "I hope you have a good day," she said with a wave and she walked towards the door.
"I have been contracted for a very important case," Sherlock explained, irritated at having to repeat himself. "There will be a replacement here for me tomorrow, and for as long as I need to be away.
"When William returned to the United Kingdom his father made him work jobs well below his pay grade. He stated as a janitor, doing the worst jobs for the longest hours and the least pay. The long hours didn't change when William was finally allowed to work in a medical position. It appears his father spent several years promoting interns into positions where they would supervise his son. Samuel was presumably trying to show William his place, honestly people are so predictable. Six months after William was finally allowed to work alongside his father, Samuel died, unexpectedly. The death was ruled an accidental overdose of prescription medication. Samuel was seventy two at the time, and his eyes as well as his attention were going. William assumed his father's responsibilities, and as far as I can tell, no one investigated the matter any further."
Greg and Mycroft had been a couple for some time now, but John suspected only their closest friends knew. They were both very discrete. They fit well together, both were highly focused on their career, and both worked in the endless effort to save Sherlock from himself. They seemed happy, and John was glad for them. Slightly resentful of their good fortune at the moment, but glad all the same.
John frowned worriedly at his flatmate. He hadn't even turned his head to watch their client leave. That, in and of itself wasn't particularly concerning, because Sherlock paid only the barest minimum of attention to societal norms. Still, John had only ever seen him be wrong once before, when he had lost his bet. And he
John sat quietly on the coffee table and studied his flatmate. He could see the steady thrum of his pulse in the vein at Sherlock's neck, and the twitch of REM sleep beneath his dark lashes. A fond smile crept onto the ex-army doctor's face. Imagine that, Sherlock Holmes slept. Gingerly, he reached over the back of the sofa and laid the blanket that he had left there over Sherlock's lanky body. John frowned as he tucked the blanket in and gently rested the back of his hand against Sherlock's forehead…he might have a fever.
necessary?" He hissed, still mindful of keeping his voice low. He was hardly about to ruin Sherlock's plan when the foundations of it had been so irritating to put in place.
"How is everything going?" asked the restaurant owner, Angelo. His Italian accent was thick, and his overall manner was very inviting.
John licked his lips, dread settling icy cold, deep in his abdomen. "What was it?" He asked, when Molly was finally close enough to hear.
He glanced over at Mary as they ate and fell into a companionable silence. The lights of the apartment were still dimmed in light of Mary's frequent migraines, but it was lighting she looked good in. He'd been so quick to reject the ever-present notion that he'd dated Sherlock that he hadn't really considered the new rumors which Mary had just revealed.
believe she was loved and safe, but she never quite shook her reticent nature. Although nothing could be changed about her past, John often wished he could have adopted her earlier.
Sherlock fidgeted at the news, trying to get around the Detective Inspector with renewed vigor. "He's only going to contaminate the evidence!"
"Isn't that a daily occurrence for you?" Lestrade asked, shifting his weight to one foot and looking unimpressed.
"Why now?" Sherlock asked, bringing his hands together in front of his chin and peering critically at their client. "Her mother must have been dead for... five years or so?"
Sherlock examined the heart next. It was enlarged, and the bypass was clearly visible. The surgeon had done a thorough job. Of course by the nature of what they were, hospitals were a cesspool of, and a breeding ground for, infections, especially those resistant to treatment. Under the right conditions it would have only taken a pin prick at the right moment of vulnerability for Mr. Wallingford to become infected, especially if the tools for the bypass surgery were somehow tainted and the infection began in his heart…
One glance informed John that Sherlock's plate was clean, which filled the doctor with a sense of satisfaction. His unruly flatmate/patient was cooperating, for now, anyway.
Sherlock grumbled and reached for the cup she was holding out for him, draining it as quickly as possible. He made to toss it over his shoulder when Mary's voice interjected again. "I wouldn't do that; if John comes back he might cut himself on the shards."
When Sherlock was fully naked, his neck, torso, and thighs glowing with fresh love bites, John sat back on his heels and murmured, "Look at me," as Sherlock's eyes had drifted closed one more. Cold blue met warm and John smiled. "I have a sensitive gag reflex. Do. Not. Move."
John shook his head and held up his hands. "Not my department. I'm sure he's found someone capable, though. He's always had an eye for details."
The world's only consulting detective turned away so that John wouldn't see him swallow. Swallowing was a key giveaway that a person was experiencing intense emotions and trying to hide them. He'd used it to verify countless lies.
"We are going to question the witnesses," Sherlock replied briskly, his eyes locked on his experiment.
John frowned. "Doctors don't' fix anyone, and I never liked the concept of someone being considered 'broken' anyways." He paused thoughtfully, taking another drink from his pint. "Doctors do help people heal, so if you mean I want to help heal him, then yes, naturally. Damned if I know what ails him, though. He's impossible to get close to."
John glanced around the train, feeling the walls start to close in on him. He forced himself to take a breath. He was starting to get strange looks from his fellow passengers. There was nothing for it. He would have to take the train... unless...
1.) Marcus violently shoved Sherlock back into the passenger's seat with a calm but threatening, "Please put on your seatbelt, sir."
"Do you have any questions before we get started?" Eric asked, leaning back in his chair, and picking up a clip board that had been resting on his desk.
Lauren's sharp gaze shifted to John, who started to nod and added, "As far as I can tell it's all true. Sherlock's almost never wrong. There were a dozen dogs at the house, he claims to run his own, small shelter."
A tall, solidly built man with dark brown eyes and graying brown hair emerged from the wall, straightened, and approached Ilia with outstretched hands. "There was nothing more to be done, my friend," he murmured soothingly, clasping both of Ilia's shoulders. "This deception was only meant to spare pain, not to give it. I cannot let you suffer in my place, you have done too much for me already." Ilia nodded grimly, grasping his friend's shoulders tightly for a moment, before relinquishing him to the outstretched arms of his wife.
Settling into his chair, John placed his mug on the table beside him and studied the letter in his hands. It was even more banged up than last time. Creases and wrinkles marred every inch of space. As John tore open the flap to retrieve the letter, he noticed a troublesome brown smudge. His stomach gave an ominous twist. It did not look as though things had improved for Alexander...not at all.
The counselor, Eva, waited until Harry's wails had dissolved into whimpers before she spoke. "When people talk about grief they often use the words 'closure' or 'get over it,' but that's not really an accurate or healthy portrayal of how most people experience grief. It's a chronic condition, not an acute one; that is to say that it doesn't have an end point."
Sherlock's lips quirked up in a satisfied grin as he knelt down and reached up into the opening of the chimney. His questing fingers found the rusted lever for the flue and grasped it tightly. His arm and shoulder muscles strained violently for a few moments before the flue opened with a painful sounding creak, and a light package fell into his waiting hands.
Yay!  I managed to post about a week apart.  I doubt I'll be able to keep it up, but I'm pleased at such a short gap between postings.  ^_^
Susan worried her bottom lip thoughtfully for a moment before nodding and opening the garden gate. "The sooner we can put this whole thing behind us, the better."
"Sherlock has been tremendously helpful in a number of difficult cases," Greg responded, his irritation dampening slightly as he drew on the stores of patience he needed whenever Sherlock was around. "And there are a few unusual points about this case that are unsettling. The fact that we have yet to find any reasonable cause for suicide, and the way we found the body..." Lestrade shook his head. "Something just doesn't fit. I'll let you have a look at the scene first, then we can see if we can't piece something together before Sherlock steals the show."
feel like a business meeting…It wasn't that he wasn't grateful for Greg's friendship, or the fact that he had actually avoided talking about Sherlock; John just couldn't handle the elephant in the room anymore.
Another nurse, this time John didn't know there name, stood at the ready with the defibrillator.  They were looking intensely at the machine as it charged before barking out, "Clear!"  The team pulled back from the patient as one while the nurse situated the paddles and administered a shock.
John leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees and his chin on his folded hands, studying the board. He'd never considered himself to be particularly good at chess, but he at least knew how to play, and it seemed to be one of the few games Sherlock and he could actually play peaceably. Scrabble was only an education in insults and the depths of Sherlock's archaic vocabulary. Card games were and exercise in frustration, and the Cluedo disaster had almost come to blows.
This was madness. He never should have come here. He was wasting time. His time. Molly's time. Even Mary's time. He should not have given in to his suspicions. He could lose his job over this if anyone ever found out, and where would he be then? He needed
A moment of tense silence passed before John's features twisted with distaste. "Typical, you're not even dressed." Technically inaccurate, Sherlock was dressed in his night clothes and robe, as he had been so many times before when John was still part of the comings and goings of 221 B…
John glanced down at Sherlock's phone and saw a smartly dressed man with trim brown hair and light blue eyes. "Is this him?"
They shared a look bubbling with excitement before they rushed down the stairs like children on holiday, nearly tumbling one after the other in their eagerness to chase down this new clue.
"High tech security systems and mysterious shipping schedules form a dubious picture, but the camera hidden in the
John tried hard not to be amused. Sherlock really was a terror sometimes, but it was comical when he started taking personal offense at the proclaimed incompetence of others. John wished he could do a better job of defending his fellow man, but Sherlock's brilliance always made his deductions look easy. Not that John was giving any ground on their personal battle of wills when it came to the human heart, that would never happen.
At last he plucked a supple pin out of his hair and picked the lock while John tried not to be surprised that he hadn't expected the hair pin. He'd certainly lived with the man long enough to know he was
John's knees it the back of the bed and he sat, tugging Marcus into his lap. Marcus came willingly, rocking his growing hardness against John's. John groaned and his hands fell to Marcus's bum, urging him closer. The taunt skin, however, was still clothed in pants. John tugged at the fabric and growled, "Off."
Molly's mouth worked soundlessly for a few moments, as if unsure of what to say, before she finally settled on, "You're welcome, John. Good luck." John nodded and turned to follow Mary out of the building.
here, Sherlock?!" John stood in the corner of the room, close to the window, dressed in plain gray scrubs.
Sudden movement next to him caused him to turn his head.  John brightened considerably when he saw Sherlock kneeling down next to him.  "Ready to go?" the consulting detective asked.
John smiled back. "Hello yourself," he replied, pulling Sherlock into a proper hug and inhaling deeply. It was good to be home.
Tim's brows furrowed, and he looked thoughtful. Perhaps he had never considered that before, but whether he chose family medicine, or pediatrics, John felt confident Tim could be a skilled physician. It was just up to him to see it through.
"I can't believe I'm doing this," John muttered to himself. The metal pipes of the scaffolding were cold in his hands as he scrambled down them, looking for some sign of Sherlock. There had been security at the dig site, but it had been frighteningly easy to avoid them.
Sherlock shrugged, then winced and wished he hadn't. When did his muscles get so sore? "Sherlock's condition, I suppose."
John respected that point of view immensely. These days, far too many doctors were arrogant, and self-assured, much like the world's only consulting detective. "Do you want to stay on in the morgue? Or did you have something else in mind to work towards."
Irritated, Sherlock went through the bother of turning around and peered in the drawer, but there was no saline. He slammed the drawer shut with a growl and peered around the flat. This was
Greg sighed. "He said that Sherlock had asked you to leave because you were in love with him and, despite the fact that he loved you too, he couldn't handle it." A dark look passed over Greg's features for a moment and he shook his head. "I've pulled that idiot out of some of the worst places imaginable, especially when he was using, but I never thought he'd shoot himself in the foot this badly."
They quickly returned to the front desk, and Frederick was just reaching for the phone when John heard a familiar voice off to his left.
John turned the letter over in his hands, thinking. Fine. He could always use it for kindling later and no one would be the wiser. Grabbing one of Sherlock's old letter openers off the desk John made short work of the seal.
Moriarty's expression deepened into an ominous scowl. "It seems our package was not correctly delivered into neutral snow."
"Sush, most people enjoy a night at the ballet," Sherlock murmured distractedly, casually surveying the crowd around them. The world's only consulting detective had purchased them both tickets to the Royal Ballet's production of Swan Lake. From what John could gather, Sherlock intended to
Had Sherlock sent someone to tempt or poison his sister? John's jaw clenched tight right along with his hands. Sherlock would certainly never hesitate to do something like that for a case...well...would he? As angry as he was, he had never once witnessed Sherlock lying without trying to close a case, and he was never cruel unless he was trying to solve a case...
Lestrade's voice was warm when he said John's name, and Sherlock bristled at the implication that John was an expected part of his life. He had been who he was for a long time before John Watson ever came on scene.
" George died in a car accident three days after I visited the Trevor household," Sherlock replied, gathering up the papers as the story wound down. "As far as I know they were never blackmailed again."
John reached forward and grasped her chin firmly between his thumb and forefinger, forcing her to meet his penetrating gaze. "Yes you do, Harry. The mistakes you've made can't erase the person that you are. You are an amazing, caring, talented woman, who happens to be sick. Sick is
like I had something hard like a marble inside me and my flesh was pressing tight around it, hurting itself on the hard surface of the marble, but still unable to stop pressing in around it, like it was trying to squeeze it out."
Sherlock scanned the kennels that ringed the yard. There were nine Staffordshire Bull Terrier's, two German Shepherd dogs, and one Chow Chow. Typical, tedious, and beyond moronic.
"You are correct in your assumption, Mr. Holmes, that I used to work for KGB. I was good with languages, intelligent, and strong. There was always work for me. I did well and, after some time, was promoted."
Sherlock wanted to deny it, had probably spent months realizing and deleting that fact, but now that John wasn't around to distract him, there was no escaping it.
happy about the job. Excitement and determination both played on John's face, and Sherlock instantly understood him. Just as he had suspected, John had sought to stabilize his life, and part of that had included securing more regular employment. It made sense. His work at the surgery had trickled down to a very limited part time schedule over the past year.
After several minutes Mary shifted her hands so that she held the top of John's trapezius of his good shoulder in a firm grip. Between both her hands she covered most of the slope from neck to shoulder. Once her grip was secure Mary gently rocked her hands back and forth, pushing at the muscle from a different angle. She was pleased when John sighed and leaned back into the touch.
"You're brilliant, Sherlock, but you're still human," John said softly. "We've lived together for over half a year now. You can't hide forever." The good doctor glanced down and a smile flittered across his face as he slid his queen into check. He didn't even have the chance to speak before one of Sherlock's pawns snatched John's queen off the board.
"Technically that would be against regulation," James replied quietly. John had just opened his mouth to explain that he understood when James reached to his side and pulled two fresh blue gloves from the box on the table and held them out to John. "Lucky for us that the dead don't talk." John smiled and took the gloves.
They stood together and John moved around the chess board, reaching out his hand to Sherlock. "Good game," he murmured.
John let out a slow breath through pursed lips, and closed his eyes. He felt so many things at once. Pain at the reminders of Sherlock that he couldn't seem to avoid seeing in these letters, pain for Alexander's own situation, and another sensation that was harder to place. John scrunched his eyebrows together and tried to give a name to that icy/fire feeling in his stomach, the kind of feeling you get when you plummet from the apex of a rollercoaster...and again he thought of Sherlock. John used to get this feeling on cases, especially if there was a chase involved.
"Sh-Sherlock!" he gasped, fresh tears springing to his eyes. After all this time, they were not ones of sorrow, just of overwhelming emotion. John was a soldier, and reserved, but that didn't mean he was afraid to cry, it just depended on the company.
As cross as he was for what John perceived would be a well-meant but ineffectual lecture, John leaned forward and rubbed the small of her back in small, comforting circles. He was still a doctor; he did not leave hurting people alone.
Sherlock shrugged and looked distractedly out the window. "If you say so, though you certainly seemed happy enough when you left, and irritated enough when I cut it short."
It wasn't until they were outside, and an icy rain was pelting his face that Mary's words made it through the fog in his mind. "John, John stop! You're hurting me."
"Why trust my judgment over your own?" Mycroft asked, the subtle amusement clear in his voice. He thought Sherlock was joking or teasing. That amusement faded when Sherlock's end of the line remained silent. Sherlock wasn't joking, and he was upset or distracted enough that he really
showed it. This," John gestured wildly behind him, indicating the building and the woman they had just left, "isn't love. It's manipulation and blind devotion." John squared his shoulders, his gaze never wavering. "Now, it's our job to disillusion Miss. Williams. I'm sure you have a morally dubious plan in that brilliant mind of yours; let's get to it."
John's hand shook as he put in writing the one thing he never wanted to be true. His handwriting smudged and shook with his hand, but it was still legible. Good. John didn't think he could write that down again.
a possible suspect; the spouse always is. She's understandably upset, and a good friend of the family, who was visiting, has decided to stay and help support her."
James chuckled, low in his throat and leaned forward. "Of you keeping my suggestions in mind for the future," he replied. James's breath ghosted over his face and John closed his eyes, knowing he was about to be kissed.
"There's the smile I've come to know and love," James drawled, sauntering into the room with two steaming mugs.
"What do you think?" Greg asked, pausing to take a sip from the water glass by his elbow. Once he swallowed, a fond smile crept over Greg's face and he said, "Mycroft wants so badly to control the whole world, to make everything right." Greg leaned his chin on his hand, and his elbow on the table. "I don't have the heart to tell him it's a lost cause."
John gaped briefly, then collected himself and gestured for their guest to seat himself on the sofa. Their client looked equally shell-shocked, but also recovered quickly. After he had seated himself, John likewise sank into the chair beside Sherlock, and tried not to stare. John was aware enough of history to know that noble families in Europe and elsewhere did sometimes hold onto their titles and perhaps even their money, long after their political power was lost. John's knowledge of this extended far enough for him to surmise that the gentleman in front of them was likely not of British nobility, but that was all he would venture, for the moment.
Sherlock had striven to find a solution which would let them both rest easy. His solution resulted in Sherlock reading aloud from whatever book John was reading, until his blogger finally released his grip on wakefulness. It had become a soothing rhythm with which they ended their days. Sherlock tended to pick apart the books like he picked apart crap telly, but John appeared to consider that part of the fun.
"Nope," John ordered, holding out a hand to stop Sherlock's forward momentum. John almost flinched when Sherlock's torso collided with his hand, before hurriedly pulling back again. "You are going to sit down on the sofa, and wait."
The next cabbie he approached shook his head, got in his car, and pulled away. The one after that was just accepting another fare, and the one after that point blank refused to move, because he was waiting to pick up his wife who should be on the next train, when it could finally get through. The ex-army doctor ran a hand through his hair and spun around, eyes searching desperately for another cabbie.
trust himself. "I'll have someone there tomorrow afternoon," Mycroft said, his tone no longer amused, but worried.
John wrenched his hand out of Sherlock's grip and stood in a violent rush, knocking over the chair he'd been using just moments ago. "
John looked up the stairs once more, than nodded to himself, solidifying his resolve. Glancing back, he smiled warmly at the landlady. "Thank you Ma'am."
Harry winced in sympathy, and Eva pressed on. "When they remove your gallbladder, the bile has nowhere to be stored, so it all drains into your stomach as soon as it's made. For most people, this causes acid reflux when you have too much bile, and intestinal cramps when you have too little. They're painful, but ultimately temporary. I'm not injured and my body still works more or less as it's intended too." Eva shrugged, wrapping her hands around her knees one more, and leaning her head back against the wall.
I could think of to get through to her. I caught her one day, just after she'd gone to speak to the Yard."
The audience quieted, the lights dimmed, and the music began. The first violin note to cut the air was haunting and poignant, as if warning of the often tragic ending to this story. The instrument was not alone for long, slowly other's joined, and the orchestra began to swell with music.
John shook his head and rushed forward once more, wrenching the gun from the taller man's hands. "What
When John had committed himself to gaining Sherlock's assistance for Harry, no matter the cost, he'd expected a difficult, painful battle. True there had been some exhaustion and there was the potential for physical danger, but it was the silent emotional war Sherlock had declared when they struck their deal that unnerved the ex-army doctor. He was torn between wanting to find compassion for Sherlock, and being brought up short by the sudden and malicious behavior of the world's only consulting detective. The doctor in him wanted to see someone wounded and fix them; the soldier's hackles were raised for battle. If nothing else, this mental tug of war would wear him thin...
"Well, that much is obvious. If you were any more red I'd need to use blush instead of concealer," Mary retorted, leaning back for a moment to smirk at him.
Sherlock let out a long-suffering sigh and flopped his head on the back of his chair once more. "Destroying evidence," he muttered. "Of course." He grumbled quietly to himself for a few moments before waving his hand haphazardly through the air. "Continue."
It had only been a week since his last case, as short as it was, but he'd had plenty of experiments to keep him occupied, and nothing to distract him from them. He would need a case soon, but they came in regularly these days, so he wasn't concerned. He leaned towards the microscope once more, then leaned back again, rubbing his eyes. They were dry and irritated. Sherlock reached back to the kitchen drawer just to the left of the sink and pawed around for saline solution which he had kept there... but he didn't find it. Instead he felt only neatly organized utensils.
Harry turned a corner and came to a sudden stop when she saw one of the counselors, Eva sitting on the floor against the wall, curled into a ball, with her legs bent up and her arms wrapped around them. She stood silently for a moment, staring before creeping closer and crouching down beside Eva.
"Liability?" John asked, only mildly distracted by the fact that Sherlock looked like he might start to snore at any moment.
The ex-army doctor glanced down and met his friend's steady gaze and said, "Some days I believe that, some days I think I just
It was stupid, stupid to be this upset over someone he'd only known in letters, over a situation he couldn't change... That was the worst part about it. There was
They found Laurali with her hands braced against the sink, a sizable puddle of clearish liquid pooled at her feet.
The chess, though, that had been unexpected. They had been talking one night after dinner, and John had commented on the elaborate chess set that Sherlock had tucked away in a corner of the sitting room. Sherlock had brought it out onto the coffee table and regaled John about one of his early cases where the pieces of the set had been left as taunts by a serial killer at the site of each victims kidnapping. Sherlock had deduced that the pieces were being left in an order that mimicked a well known game between the dubious super computer, Deep Blue, and the Russian grandmaster Kasparov. The analogy, as Sherlock told it had been, "tediously dramatic."
"Christ, Sherlock you need an ambulance," John replied, removing one hand from Sherlock's face to search for his own phone. It was in his pockets somewhere, it had to be, he had
John smiled despite himself at the stilted language. He felt more and more sure Mycroft had selected this operative because of his similarities to Sherlock. Mycroft wanted a wedge to pry John away from his 'old' life. Well, let him pry all he wanted. John might form other connections in his life, but Sherlock had made an imprint too big to ignore. Even Alexander had seen that.
"I love you too," he murmured despite himself, wanting to take back the words almost as soon as he had said them. He didn't do
John almost laughed, then though better of it. While Sherlock was undoubtedly callous to this man's need for discretion, he truly
John took a breath. "I've been thinking about your offer to be flatmates, and I've decided to accept, assuming you're still interested."
"Right. This is utter rubbish, and you're a madman," John muttered, shaking his head at the situation, and himself. He had half turned when Sherlock's voice stopped him again.
John turned the page and broke out into startled laughter when he was confronted with a small picture of one of their for holiday's together. Everyone was there. Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Molly, even Mycroft had made a small appearance that year. Mycroft had managed a small, polite smile for the photograph, while Sherlock scowled boldly in the midst of the grinning faces of his friends. John still carried a copy of this photograph in his own wallet to this day. It was too perfect a representation of his friend to let go.
. John Watson knew about pain, though, and how to push through it. Taking even, measured breaths to steady himself, he reached for his pen, and put it to paper.
"She's been so cold all of a sudden. Distant. She's not being rude or disrespectful, but something is different. I wasn't quite sure what to do about it, because the change was so subtle. But then she'd been to the doctor several times, so I thought perhaps something was ailing her. It's not really my place to ask, you see." Mr. Brenton chuckled nervously and smoothed his tie before continuing.
Lestrade ran a hand through his hair and sighed. He didn't like this. Sherlock was a drama queen but he usually didn't make this big of a scene, not in public like this. Crowds could get rowdy easily and become difficult to control under the wrong circumstances. It was only their long history of working together that kept Lestrade from insisting that they move. "What injuries, Sherlock?"
have the common sense to wear gloves when he began pawing through, first the general garbage, then the kitchen garbage, and finally the bins in each bathroom. Nothing John saw seemed out of the ordinary. There were paper towels, tea bags, assorted food garbage, some used sanitary napkins from the master bath, dental floss, etc. Still, if the slight curl at the end of Sherlock's mouth was anything to go by, he was pleased by what he found.
TRIGGER WARNING: Major character death in this chapter. I'm also going to take a moment to note the happy ending tag. There IS a happy ending, there's just a bit of tragedy before we get there...
"Not the way we're going to question them." Sherlock glanced at the clock. "Speaking of which, we'd better get going before Lestrade gets here."
