Eh, it’s alright. Weirdly tight pants, but Tony can testify to how fashionable that is.
This guy would’ve shown up on SHIELD’s radar eventually IRL.
“It may be the case that the artifact doesn’t match its environment,” says Thor.
“We can workshop it,” said Tony.
“Goddamn
“Which one?” said JARVIS.
making that mistake twice, so you need to come up with something better than that, Tony.”
“I sure hope not,” said Steve.
“We’re going to be here until next Pride, aren’t we,” said Nat with a yawn.
“Nat and I have enough special things. You should tell us stuff like this.”
NATASHA
,” said Tony insistently.
“No need, he’s already trending!” laughed Clint as Tony was dragged away from the kitchen.
“The list said see a new Broadway musical. You have seen point five new Broadway musicals. And I think you’re gonna like this one.”
That seemed to work for Tony, who immediately took out his phone and started adjusting figures in some kind of complicated formula on the screen. They stayed in silence like that until the cab dropped them off at the south end of the High Line. It really was a beautiful April day, and the elevated park was full of pedestrians enjoying the warm weather and the bright sun and the flush of spring in the flowerbeds that lined the path to either side of them.
“What is it about this painting that’s upset you?” asked Steve.
HULK CONTAINMENT FLOOR
‘Scuse me?
“Ask first, remember?” she said.
“No such thing, in our line of work,” said Bruce with a wry smile. “Anyway, thank you for the tour, but I should probably get going—”
“Why the
- English, barely - Natasha Romanov, Steve Rogers, Tony Stark, Loki, Nick Fury - Chapters: 5 - Words: 2015- Reviews: 17 - Favs: 1 - Follows: 7 - Updated: March 23, 2005 - Published: March 19, 2005 - Status: Incomplete - id: 1029802
The thoroughly un-lightning-struck stick said nothing, and somehow that was the worst taunt of all.
NATASHA
“Yes, precisely,” says Thor.
“Hey, JARVIS? Could you confirm—”
“Steve, help me pick him up!” shouted Nat.
to be kidding me,” said Steve. “
“So you can’t forcibly take the scepter from me via the suit,” said Hammer.
He was near the top of the ladder when he realized with a groan that the first person who’d track him down probably wouldn’t be Natasha; it would be Steve. If Tony so much as grumbled at the cereal choices in the kitchen, Steve tracked him down to ask if he was ok; there was no
“Yeah, you remain the coolest and most bad-ass of us all,” said Bruce through a mouthful of cereal. Then Tony remembered Bruce wouldn’t be taking a pin if he wasn’t marching, so really his bait was only good for Nat and Clint. Ah well, still a decent haul for a scheme he’d hatched on a whim yesterday.
“I’ve thought about it. And I’ve read about it.”
“Send Pepper an invoice, she has a special circular file for it,” said Tony through the suit’s speakers.
“Don’t leave me,
Reminder: Make sure you have skins for this story! If you're seeing a yellowish background behind the text below, you're good!
“Not Avengers business, I hope?” said the tech.
“Ok,” said Tony. “I’m going to let you in on a secret, Steve. C’mere, lean in close.”
(AN: Stap Flaming m sersious if u flam it menz ur a preep or a posr! Natsia hez a HT on hr floor bcuz se work 4 Hydra n dey set dat up.0
Don’t worry about it. It’s nothing important.
“Line of sight,” said Tony, trying hard not to pant.
“You— no. You are not going to cast me as one of the
mind means proving himself to be better than all of us?”
“Hey, something I’ve been meaning to ask you about that day,” said Steve. “Where was your driver?”
“Actually
Very clever, using the elevator like that. I'll allow it, since I need to keep you busy somehow, and it won't help you in the end.
So what the hell was Steve going on about with Tony making him a better person? Tony didn’t know how to do that. He was stumbling every second through his own being-a-better-person experiment now that he was trying to save lives instead of inventing stuff that took them, and he was fucking that up literally all the time. Tony had no idea how to make other people better, least of all Captain America.
“You want to sleep with me so I don’t feel bad about myself. What about that doesn’t sound like pity sex to you?”
If you want to get an idea of what ASL Slam at the Nuyorican Poets Cafe is like in person, I found
“We’re going to the High Line,” said Steve. “Because it’s a beautiful day, and I want to take a walk with my best friend.”
“It’s not a matter of Tony’s agreement. The Iron Man armor is not up for negotiation.”
“Hey, Steve, c’mon. Can I touch your shoulder? Look, whatever Tony’s doing, he’s not doing it to hurt you. Not intentionally, anyway.”
. Best case scenario you walked away a little bit smarter about whatever it was Tony was spouting off on at the time, or maybe buzzing from some pretty good sex. The people who were actually friends with Tony all had some kind of magic protective coating that kept them from getting exhausted with his bullshit enough to enjoy his company, but they certainly didn’t come away better people from the time they spent with him. They were good people in
Steve paused, then turned back around, sorrow in his eyes. And Tony knew he was the one that had put it there, and that alone meant… he had to try.
their Giants, and Los Angeles
Tony wasn’t sure he’d be able to keep back a panic attack if he had to walk Steve all the way to the hospital floor, but luckily they ran into Bruce a few steps outside the lab.
Steve laid back with him and propped himself up on one elbow.
You know, I have a little time to myself today. Deal me in, please.
Thor holds out mjölnir and gestures for everyone to touch it. You do, and feel a sensation that is equal parts extremely present, completely indescribable, and very easy to miss if you’re not looking for it.
“Consent lessons.”
“Awwwwwwww,” came a chorus of coos.
lose his shit in front of Steve, whether he wanted to or not. Before Tony knew it he was shaking. Not long after, he was hyperventilating. It was like he was outside his own body just watching himself have a breakdown, and he was powerless to stop the shaking and the gasping and… fuck, yep, the tears streaming down his face. The universe could not fuck him over any more than this, short of throwing him back in that godforsaken cave or killing someone. At this point, if the dead person was him, it might just be an improvement on this day.
A few years ago I did some de-escalation training. Between sessions 1 and 2 the instructor said "Who here's already had the opportunity to use their training?" A couple hands shot up and everyone's story happened on the subway. Of course the overwhelming majority of subway rides are uneventful, and some are fun (especially when people bring dogs in bags); I don't want to discourage anyone reading this from taking the subway when they come to NYC. But Fury's probably got the right idea by discouraging the Avengers from trapping themselves in a fast-moving metal tube with predictable routes, limited means to escape, no cell phone reception, and lots of anonymous people who're grumpy and potentially intoxicated. Especially when they've got the funds and alternate means to get from point A to point B.
“It’s on
CLINT
“I’m not, actually, although I am nervous about that.”
“I’m not going to have a meet-and-greet with all seven billion people on earth when the one I want is right in front of me,” said Steve.
Inside are various blue barrels and boxes full of materials. CAPTAIN ROGERS looks up and sees a 21st century smartphone sitting on top of one of the barrels. He tries to get up to go for it, but CAPTAIN AMORA grabs his heel. They continue to tussle, but then the ship takes another hard hit. In fact, it hits so hard that the edges of the room begin to dissolve into green energy.
STEVE
Clint regained consciousness with his arms slung over two people’s shoulders. That usually meant there’d been an injury somewhere, but he felt strangely light, like he’d been celebrating. Was he hungover?
“Maybe,” says Clint with a shrug. “Ok, not bad for an educated guess. We can keep our eye out for an evil-looking TV.”
“I thought going back to the elevator meant giving up on rescuing you!” said Steve indignantly.
YouKnowWhoIAm
We need to get going. Looks like the town’s the only other place around here to search.
“Well that’s a little melodramatic,” said Steve.
Ah… this floor’s pull is telling me to use this, but I believe that would end poorly.
Natasha was twenty meters from the vent she’d been planning to exit when she became aware of a faint whirring sound getting louder and louder.
Tony hesitated, then said, “Do you really think you’re a better person because you spend time with me?”
“Alright, you go on over and get Ethiopian. I need to keep this break short. I’ve got a lot of work to do before I call it a day, and I don’t want to go too far or take too long.”
Straight flush.
that, know how much I
or are you just
“Ok. Um. I’m going to need you to tell me what that means, Jarvis.”
“Oh my God,” he says quietly.
instead of me.”
Steve sighed and said, “I’m afraid that’s out of the question.”
His memory and his legacy are truly a blessing, and I hope others carry it on by following his example and making space for its artists to shine.
helpful right now, Tony,” said Steve as he blocked another left hook.
Fortunately either his SEP was working really exceptionally well that day or crying on the New York City subway was a common enough occurrence that most people either didn’t notice or deliberately ignored him, because Steve was left in peace. By the time he was finished he was already in Coney Island.
The elevator smoothed to a halt. Steve turned toward Tony and said, “What did you just say to me, Tony?”
, you have fifty half-finished prototypes in your lab and another five hundred in a warehouse upstate,” said Rhodey.
“Nope, I stopped falling for that one about fifteen years ago, Tony. And you know what? I don’t want to hear whatever half-baked bullshit you’re gonna come up with for why you’ve been avoiding me. Do you have any
Clint chuckled, and said aloud, “Yeah, I can see why that wouldn’t work on a Deaf brain. We look closely at everything. But you don’t need those, the people here won’t be asking for autographs. Me and Nat are here all the time, people know to expect Avengers in this space and not be weird about it. C’mon, let’s sit down. They’re about to get started.”
“What’s my idea,” parroted Tony, whose brain had expanded its regular eight tracks to sixteen in a frantic attempt to come up with an idea.
Wake Me Up Inside
“I think I broke my phone in the lab,” Tony muttered.
for the joke to really land here.
“It’s gonna work,” said Tony.
“Hey Bruce, looks like you’ve been working hard,” says Steve. “Do you want to take a break and get some food?”
“Now don’t move,” said Nat, bending over to peck his forehead before she ran off.
,” said Tony impatiently.
“Hello, security? Yes, be on the lookout for any Avengers who happen to be in the building, apart from Dr. Banner in the lab. Make sure Captain America makes it safely outside too. And if anything so much as hiccups in the vicinity of the vault, inform me right away.”
Tony was going to say, “Because I am having the shittiest day in the history of shitty days and I cannot deal with anyone or anything right now.” Instead he said, “Clint’s gonna make us watch
“You mean hashtag Tony shats?” Clint grinned, “Yeah, you should see the hats they’re photoshopping onto you too. It’s a goddamn
Jane's family history is taken from my own. This recipe here is probably the way it is because meatloaf mix was cheaper and more readily available than ground veal when my great great grandmother came over to the United States. We've also had a family cannoli recipe for five generations that has 0 ricotta in it, because you couldn't get ricotta reliably back when they came to the states.
“About a year. But you’re much better about getting out and taking a break than Tony is, so I haven’t needed it ‘til today,” said Nat.
11. EXT. AVENGER - DAY
“This is the S3000 StarkVault. According to SI records, Justin Hammer owns two: a small one we installed in his office, which doesn’t have the right dimensions to hold the scepter, and a big one in the basement. You remember in the video he had a picture of the scepter inside a vault? JARVIS calculates with 99% certainty that picture came from the StarkVault in the basement of the Hammerplex.”
“This is sounding more and more like something to take loudly and with force, press be damned,” said Thor.
I found out a third of the High Line was technically still under construction in 2013, but I'm hand-wavin' it. In the MCU, construction finished earlier, because, idk, stuff happened. And it really is a lovely place to amble in the city.
“Clint and I are surveilling the building. What I need from the food truck is the employee scuttlebutt while they wait in line,” said Natasha as she finally came to a stop a few blocks away. “Thanks to the mics we set up outside of the truck, I now know Bob from finance is deathly allergic to peanuts, Alexis in R&D has a wife who’s due in a few weeks, and Tina Valenti’s celebrating her promotion by going out for ice cream with the girls in the accounting department at 4:00 on Friday.”
going to compound that with a panic attack. He would not. He refused.
“Getting rid of a body is more of a pain in the ass than you remember?” said Clint.
Tony turned his head but it took a second to register what the clock on the bedside table was telling him through the haze of endorphins.
“It won’t work, Steve,” said Natasha. “If he sees Bruce there less than a week after sending Tony that video, that could be happenstance. But if
a little much,” said Tony through the suit speakers.
“Which’ll make it even more convincing when they almost catch you sneaking out with the scepter later,” said Steve.
“Jesus, Clint, didn’t you ever have to do a costume change for the circus?” asked Steve as he helped Clint step into the boots while he pulled on the shirt.
her breast pump bag in the trunk of the car and slammed it shut, beyond the point of caring whether the folders were secure enough to stay in a stack for the ride home. At least that was what she told herself, before sighing loudly, reopening the trunk, and securing the folders because even a tiny slip like papers out of order would be used as an excuse to mommy-track her career and she’d worked too damn hard to get where she was. Never mind that her idiot boss couldn’t be bothered to approve her request for an intern to scan all these papers into a database and make them so much easier to search and transport, oh
Tony stopped and pulled back to look Steve full in the face. There was longing there, but also nerves, and— holy crap. Steve had— Tony had just
“Right,” says Natasha carefully.
Unfortunately, medieval art had never really been Steve’s thing, and he got bored of the Madonna pretty quickly. He felt a little guilty, but everybody knows you come to the Cloisters for the atmosphere and the courtyards more than the art, anyway. So he stowed his sketch pad and walked around the museum for a bit, soaking in the ambiance and hoping Tony wasn’t trying to buy the unicorn tapestries to keep himself entertained. It wasn’t long until he heard a familiar cadence of speech coming through a doorway nearby, though, and he followed it until he came to an open courtyard.
There are so many better reasons to kill people other than “I’m bored.” Take up pottery, jackass.
STEVE
“There’s a few we can skip over just because of the lives we live, so let’s get right to the big one at the end. What do you want to do with the rest of your life, Steve?”
Hammer checked his watch and fiddled with the handle to the scepter case with his thumb. Why had he shown up on time? Tony Stark should be waiting for
, Steve, it’s got
“You won’t like me when I’m myself,” muttered Bruce.
Likelihood of Being Stopped Sooner IRL: 9
… on lingerie,” Tony panted.
“Why?” said Steve.
“I’m afraid Sir invoked the Kokomo protocol before leaving the suit.”
“Have it sent down to the lab in the dumbwaiter.”
Steve was getting ready to politely but insistently corral Bruce over to the special large reinforced elevator that, if necessary, would plummet faster than freefall to the containment floor, but he felt Tony nudge his elbow, and when Steve looked he was shaking his head. Steve was still on edge, but then Tony switched to the messaging app on his phone and texted Natasha, “Party in the kitchen. Green gate-crasher possible. Come check?” Steve relaxed a bit when he saw her reply, “On my way.” Nat had a sixth sense about the Hulk even better than Bruce did. She’d know what to do.
” says Nat.
“The whole point of that story is there is no cask, Tony,” said Clint.
Steve laid back on the pillows and looked up at the ceiling.
LIKELIHOOD VERDICT:
Show off.
Steve thought of his ma, and how she’d always make time to polish the furniture and help Mrs. O’Grady down the church steps and take Steve to Coney Island when she could afford it. Steve had always thought it was just her way to care like that, but Tony’s words made him think about how much she’d left behind when she came to Brooklyn. How hard it must’ve been living in a new, alien place where she didn’t even know the language at first. And how maybe, by investing a little love into her world both in the place she lived and in the connections and memories she made, she was building a home for herself too. Maybe the reason Brooklyn stopped feeling like home when she died was that Steve had thrown himself into art school and then into trying to get into the army, instead of picking up where she left off.
all my schematics on how to build it so he can manufacture them for every Tom, Dictator and Harry, don’t forget that,” said Tony. “And everyone in this room knows one of these things is ludicrously more powerful than the other, but it doesn’t change the fact that Justin Hammer is far too stupid to have either.”
Hammer just grinned triumphantly.
“All in favor of searching there last?” said Tony.
Steve gave a small smile and said, “Something similar, if you’ll believe it. I don’t really know if I want them or not. Honestly, I’m worried someone will find out about them and use them to get to me.”
“No, Tony,” said Steve, and he failed at keeping the sorrow from his voice. “The thing is, nowhere’s felt like home to me in a really long time, even before the ice. Not here, not the front, and definitely not the USO tour. Hell, Brooklyn stopped feeling like home after ma died. And I think of all the places I’ve been and the only common variable in all of them is me.”
And just like that, Steve felt like the biggest asshole in Avengers tower because, God help him, Tony was right. Steve tried to open his mouth to say so, which was when he realized his jaw was clenched. And then that every single thing about his posture was was also in a combat stance; his hands were in fists, his shoulders were back, and his feet were planted like he was ready to throw a punch for Christ’s sake. Tony had taken a big damn risk dressing down Captain America when he looked this threatening, which made Steve feel even worse.
You run after him for a couple of blocks, smashing through cars and tourist buses and street lights in your way, leaving a wake of destruction behind you. Eventually you come to a park and the wake of destruction picks up trees, bushes, and benches. Then the things in front of you all give way at once as you reach a clearing.
“No I don’t!” said Tony. “I just don’t drive with you! Do you think all those cars are for decoration? The only times I use a driver are if I’m socializing with a group of friends - like the Avengers - if I’m having a business meeting, or… or if I’m on a date!”
“Cap, I think you’ve got a sudden urge to sing coming on!” said Tony when he finished, which made Steve laugh and roll his eyes. Then Steve looked at the little tv screen with the lyrics, and took a plunge.
“Just because the particles are small doesn’t mean statistical significance matters any less, Tony.”
Steve immediately started coughing like he was choking on his own spit. And that immediately triggered Tony’s conscience reflex, which he stifled in the only way he knew how.
we’re making it back to the tower.”
“12:01!” said Tony, pointing to Steve’s watch, “It’s… I knew it. I just knew it.”
“I’ve got it, Tony, don’t worry about it. He’s going to be fine,” said Bruce.
“Yeah,” said Colleen, “What the fuck was
“Not even for a second,” said Tony.
“Are you sure about that Bruce?” says Tony as he wipes the tears of mirth from his eyes. “I mean, you’re probably never going to get the chance to bone an anthropomorphic tower floor again.”
“Well what about me?” said Bruce quietly.
“If you had just
Page 14 text:
ASL Slam is a real monthly event I've been to many, many times at the Nuyorican Poets Cafe. Even if you don't know ASL, I'd say it's worth a trip - you wouldn't *believe* the creativity of New York City's Deaf community.
STEVE and TONY rush out of the room, putting their clothes back in order as they go.
Bruce turns scarlet and mumbles something not even your ears can pick up.
“So the hammer is a conduit? Even if you’ve thrown it?” said Tony.
“You can’t keep us here. We will find a way out.” —Steve
, Tony. You’re the scarecrow— what was his name? Fiyero? Playboy changes his life when he starts trying to fight for what’s right, ring any bells?”
ENCHANTRESS
Pictures of people looking bored
“No, stop talking,” Tony said and there was annoyance in his voice, “I want to make sure I’m understanding this. You’ve been putting up with Thor’s bone-crushing side-hugs and Nat’s pokes in the ribs not because you’re trying to meet them halfway to make friends, but because you think, what, that’s just how people are around you and there’s nothing you can do about it?”
“Good to know,” said Steve. Then he looked up at the high stained glass windows of the chapel and said, “Y’know I’ve always wondered why they went buck wild for pointed arches in the Middle Ages.”
He and Steve had reached a sort of equilibrium. A place where instead of fighting, they could talk about the things that bothered them and, if they were feeling particularly maudlin, maybe even cry a little about them. And of course now that Tony’s brain wasn’t swimming in a chemical vat of complicated emotions and the onslaught of sensation that was Steve’s scent and his warmth and his breath and… well, now Tony was back in his lab, all he could feel was the mortification of hindsight that he’d actually been crying hard enough in public for a co-worker to give him a hug. Ok,
Also, I am sorry to report that literally nothing I ever write will ever top "lick my triptych." It's all downhill from here, folks.
Tony jammed the hat back on his head and said, “I am filling all of your arrowheads with glitter.”
CLINT
“No. Shield diverted the usual flowers and stuff from the fans to security in case the assassins were trying for round two,” said Steve.
“I’ll be considering all my options when I’ve finished my degree, Mr. Stark,” said Jasmine airily, before she turned to Natasha, and said, “I already know his order. What’s yours, Miss Romanov?”
Mmy name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov an I am a goth fampire and I hav a hot boyfriend & we r in luuuurrrrvvvvv
Then the phone slipped out of his pocket and landed with a splash below.  And Tony’s overwhelming desire for a drink was now superseded by an overwhelming desire for a sewer alligator to swallow him whole.
“Go ahead,” said Steve.
“Jersey jokes aside, the Hammerplex is twenty floors of pretty boring offices and R&D, with an area for events on the first floor. They’re having their Christmas party there in less than a week. I know because he sends me an invitation every year, just to be a dick,” said Tony. “And now we get to the bad news, which is the second thing you need to know about Justin Hammer: he
Tony closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and willed himself not to step back and lean into Steve’s chest.
“Steve, the type C cure still has all of the requirements of types A and B,” said Dr. Cho gently as she touched Steve’s shoulder. “It’s not unlikely Tony thinks whether you convince him or not doesn’t matter, because the feelings aren’t there.”
“Tell Tony to get me the armor, Captain Rogers, or don’t bother sending any more super friends!” shouted Hammer behind his back as he walked past Sandra’s desk and down the long hallway.
!” said Clint.
Tony gave the least dignified scream of his entire life and launched himself out of the manhole. The spiders, half in reality and half in his imagination, were
“No, actually. The only place that can contain it and defend it is Asgard. I’m here to ask you to please give it to my associate, Thor Odinson, so that it can be kept away from more dangerous hands.”
“Tell him!”  shouted Tony toward the suit, as the gunfire died down.
“Yeah, I can see how that’d be confusing, big guy,” said Bruce, who gave a rudimentary explanation of Chinese Lunar calendar and the Gregorian calendar. He didn’t go into leap years or the Hebrew or Julian calendars, which felt a bit incomplete to Tony, but nobody else seemed to care.
, you idiot.”
“Sent. Is there any other way I may be of assistance?”
TONY and STEVE head for the WHOREHOUSE. THOR, CLINT, and NATASHA walk in the same direction for a while on the way to their locations.
have you tank this deal because—”
“I’m sure you’ve seen the platitude that home isn’t a place, it’s people, but it’s a little more complicated than that,” said Tony. “Home is something you build, Steve. And the most stable homes are built with people you care about, but either way it’s work. It’s finding the things and the people and the memories that make you happy and making them a part of your environment. It's putting care into where you live and who you spend time with. And for some lucky bastards it’s easy work, building a home. They do it without even thinking. For you and me it’s hard, but it’s not impossible, Steve. It just takes time and effort and good people to build with.”
Nobody knows what to say to that, except Donny who shouts, “They sure do, buckaroo!” as we walk into the elevator and the doors close.
“NATASHS U MUST KILL LOKI OR U WILL TURN BAC INTO A MERMAID” Nick Fury Showted.
No. When we’re done here, and I’ve taken all you have, you’re returning to California with me, Natalia, where you belong.
DrBanner
“Ok normally I’d blame the 40’s for this, but Fury literally made us watch that godawful sexual harassment video last week. Did you fall asleep? I’d understand if you fell asleep, it was a pretty crap video. Actually wait, no I wouldn’t, you never sleep, Rogers. You’re like a 6’5” Energizer bunny.”
“It’s fine, Steve, I’m not gonna die,” Tony chuckled. “Just give me a second scrub it off.”
“Baby? What’s wrong?” asked Steve as he sat up.
“You know what I mean.”
“Oh, Hammer’s perfect for it,” Natasha agreed enthusiastically. “Gonna need either a
THOR’S FLOOR
“Now you’re catching on,” said Tony, “She’s using that too. I’ll bet you were thinking ‘She’s here with Tony, I can’t make a big deal out of this and imply his girl is hitting on me. And Tony wouldn’t bring a date who’s here to hurt me. And she runs such a huge charity, she can’t be a bad person. I must be overreacting.’ She knows what she’s doing, pal. Play to the end, J, and this time close your eyes, Steve.”
“How soon can the car get here?” said Steve.
Tony’s whole body flinched, but then almost immediately there was
Chapter 10 was a bit unfairly short, I had chapter 11 finished already, so I thought I'd drop this one too.
“I just want to know why you’re kissing me, if it’s not because you believe that I love you.”
I'm sorry, I don't understand. If you need help, please enter TALK TO TONY
in my recipes! Here you'll find everything from week-night dinners
I *could* to tell you which ramen place Tony and Rhodey are eating at. But I won't ;)
“Ok, I know you’re half-joking, but I need you to understand that the things that drive you crazy right now? The seventy-two hour work benders and the forgetting to eat and the obscene amounts of coffee? That’s not going to change, Steve. I don’t want you to have it in your head that the only reason I do those things is because I don’t have a sufficiently hot boyfriend luring me to bed and coaxing me to eat something. It comes with the package, and it’s always going to be there. Is that ok?”
“Fondness like a friend or a date?”
“Promise I won’t.”
Bruce is right. It’s like we’re getting pulled in.
The scene is exactly as we left it, with NATASHA frozen in place and IVAN standing behind her, pointing a gun at her back. Fast as lightning and fluid as silk, NATASHA turns and takes the gun out of IVAN’s hand, then uses the handle to hit IVAN in the back of the head, knocking him out cold. She stands over him for a moment, pointing the gun at his head, clearly debating whether to finish the job. Instead, she raises the gun and checks the chamber, then closes it and hurries out the door. GALAGA GUY peeks his head out from behind a bar stool. HAPPY sticks his head up over the top of the bar.
. He missed going out to dinner with him and making fun of him and sitting next to him at shows and poetry slams. He wanted to laugh at his jokes and hold him when he was upset and… maybe also when he wasn’t upset. And…
“Heyyy buddy,” says Nat carefully. “It’s good to see you again. I know you’re here because you thought Bruce was in danger. But he’s not. I swear to you, he’s not in danger from us.”
Pepper sighed. “We have now reached the point in this recurring conversation where I ask you to say all of these things to
As someone who has spent a good number of years living in Brooklyn, I can confirm that literally everyone who lives there talks exactly like that 100% of the time. Bada-boom.
“Exactly,” says Tony, as he writes a quick list of the Avengers section of the tower on a scrap of paper. You look at the paper and read:
I throwed a nife at him and shooted “GO AWAY U R STEALING MY BF U ASHOLE!!!”
Tony felt like he’d been slapped, and it wasn’t just because Steve was telling him to suck it up. Ordinarily that’d be a one-way ticket to fight-town, but in the same breath Steve had said he was a better person because he spent time with Tony. And that was so completely the opposite of how this whole thing worked. Steve was the one that made everyone around him better. You couldn’t help it; he was like a walking breathing example of how you could do better if you
NATASHA
Steve’s breathing got a little uneven when Tony mentioned having sex with him, but it caught outright when he brought up sleeping in the same bed, as though the thought of it was too much to hope for. God, he was adorable.
Bruce pointed at the black column of electronics next to the stage.
“Nope, too late. Texting my publicist now, she’s trademarking it as we speak. Expect a media and merchandising blitz with the new name by Memorial Day.”
Tony furrowed his brow and said, “No, but why does that matter? It’s still true.”
“We’ll take it from here,” said Clint. Then he looked to his left, where Thor was hiding with him in the empty floor of the office building next door to the Hammerplex.
,” said Pepper as she opened the door and shoved Tony inside.
“I don’t like to perform, Tony,” said Steve.
“Hang on a minute, Thor,” said Tony. “Do you
“Well... that’s when the
Then Tony heard something. Somewhere far away down the sewer, there was a rhythmic beat. As it became less faint, Tony realized it was music. Which led to several other realizations in quick succession:
“Oh hi, asshole Tony, haven’t seen you in a while. Could you go get the Tony I was starting to like and tell him to call the damn car?”
CLINT
“Steve, I know you and I aren’t exactly buddy-buddy, but I’m gonna need you to trust me on this one. You might not see this now, but I promise you it’s important that nobody does anything to your body that you don’t want. Ok?”
“Guilty. Couldn’t carry a tune in a bucket,” said Steve.
TONY has his back to the wall, his neck covered in hickies. STEVE, on his knees, his shirt open in the front, stops unbuckling Tony’s belt and turns his head as if listening for the direction of the gunshot.
“That’s useful?” asked Bruce, sounding skeptical. The Hammerplex was an old enough building for its blueprints to be historic documents, and he was at the Hoboken Hall of Records retrieving them, as well as any other information he could find about the building.
“Are you not comfortable hanging out around Deaf people?” he asked.
“Oh, don’t worry about him, Bruce, he doesn’t know you’re here. Unless, of course… you
Steve looked back and forth between her and Tony, and felt a strange mix of indigence that Tony had done that without telling him and
“Not Z-E-P, S-E-P,” Steve said as he signed, indicating the little black device clipped to his collar. “It…uses light to change your face slightly. So people won’t recognize us if they don’t look too closely.”
Tony starts laughing so hard he collapses onto Steve’s side. Clint is doubled over, shaking with laughter. Even Natasha is chuckling into her hand, her eyes sparkling with repressed mirth.
Suddenly they heard a shrieking, causing them to cease their seeking,
“Yeah so, I have a
How are we going to get out of this if we can’t discuss a plan to get out of this?
CatNat
“Ok, this woman says they have interpreters inside, so a hearing audience can still take in the event if they want to.”
“Now, I am going to stand here quietly, and you are going to rack that giant brain of yours for an explanation that makes sense for what the actual problem is here.”
“You’re the Russian one, right? Black Hawk or something?”
“Un-fucking-believable,” Bruce muttered as he turned around and took the food out of the microwave.
It is impossible to overstate the importance of the Nuyorican Poets Cafe on New York City's poetry scene, and really its art scene in general. I only got to meet Algarín once, but he was kind and welcoming, and it shone through in the open, beautiful, vibrant space he created for New York City's creatives. He made something so unbelievably special and important to me and thousands of others who call the city home.
On the other, trans people know how to hide who they are, and Bill’s very closeted.
You’re about to return another innuendo, but Nat shoots you a look you’re intimately familiar with: the “let them figure it out for themselves” look. So instead you roll your eyes and say, “Nothing. C’mon, let’s go make sure Tony doesn’t accidentally fold himself into an alternate dimension.”
“Oh, is that a threat? I think it might be. Sandra! Call the Times, let’em know Captain America threatened me in my office!”
,” spat Tony as he broke off at a brisk pace down the avenue.
“Oh well, at least I still have Bruce,” said Steve.
“Ok, this is fine. I just… can’t leave the lab for the next month. I can do that,” muttered Tony to himself.
Keeps dropping that damn kitchen knife. Get some backup switchblades or butterfly knives, Mike. All those pockets have got to be good for
“...I don’t know how many more times I can say ‘I don’t know the language,’ Steve,” said Tony.
Well played, Natasha.
They laugh, then part ways. THOR and CLINT split off to the JAILHOUSE, while NATASHA continues down main street to the SALOON.
It was Loki!!!!
“Do all the Avengers have this many inside jokes as you two?” asked Doug, because apparently the conversation couldn’t be about him for a second.
“Look at that, same page again,” said Tony as he dug his fingers into the waistband of Steve’s pajamas.
Then Steve’s hand was in his, lacing their fingers together. Tony froze, too shocked to move, his breath freezing in his chest.
“Why is that?” you ask.
NATASHA snaps out of her reverie and sees IVAN pushing all of his chips into the center of the pile on the table.
“I’m ok with that,” said Steve.
“Until next year, babe,” said Tony.
Tony reached into his suit’s breast pocket and pulled out the invitation he’d been sent for the annual holiday party. The guards looked it over, murmuring something about, “Hammer said there might be VIPs.”
“Man, you weren’t kidding about worse,” said Clint with a snort.
“What? I just haven’t spent as much time with her is all.”
That was when he remembered that someone who was one startle away from turning into a big green kaiju was a few feet in front of him.
Steve looked around and saw Bruce was right. Half the people in line had their phones pointed at them, but they were also looking really, really frustrated.
“I don’t mind talking about work,” said Steve. “And her work was really interesting.”
Rogers,” Tony fired back. “I was starting to wonder when you couldn’t read the name over the
ENCHANTRESS (CONT'D)
don’t like
STEVE
“If I’m right, you buy me something. I don’t care what it is, a keychain’s just fine. It just needs to be something I can look you in the eye and gloat over.”
“Talking hurts now, Steve.”
here, Tony, and I know that’s practically lunch time for you but some of us are CEO’s who take breakfast meetings with investors and—”
There was a flicker of tension in the corner of Nat’s mouth, and she said, “Yes. And fleeing to a private island is a very rational and mature reaction to that fact.”
“Hey, they’re good guys, but this is a little different from a typical Friday night here at the Hammerplex,” said José.
STEVE
“How do you mean?”
THOR flies overhead with NATASHA as the rest of THE AVENGERS, minus BRUCE, gallop across the desert toward the GHOST TOWN. STEVE is looking half terrified as he’s riding behind TONY, who is loving every second of STEVE clinging onto him for dear life. They pass by an old wooden sign that says “Welcome To Avenger, population
“You’ve done your homework on Hammer’s psychology, Nat,” said Tony. “Tell me: does he strike you as the kind of guy who’d use the same keypad combination on both safes?”
“AAAaaaaggghhh!” Tony screamed into the pillow with frustration. Because Steve wasn’t a stick in the mud either! Steve was more than capable of shooting the shit with literally everyone else. Whatever was wrong, it wasn’t with Steve. It was with Tony. Because of
“Tony will you just—”
Unfortunately, just as we were about to head to the elevator, there was a clap of thunder and I could see the rain pouring against the windows. And while my friends begged me to use my powers to clear out the weather, interfering in the climate when there isn’t an emergency is a recipe for disaster. And I’d much rather partake in much yummier recipes, like this one for Chocolate Crinkle cookies!
The next two slides are written in plain white on black
“You’re not as strong without your accomplice, are you?” said Tony curiously.
“Oh?” said Tony.
Everyone loved dim sum (and the restaurant managed to keep their table fed, albeit after a while the dumplings changed slightly and Tony had a suspicion the manager was getting some help from the restaurants next door), and between the dumplings and the celebration in the air and the company, everyone ultimately left in such high spirits that Tony considered making this a monthly thing, if the restaurant would have them back.
CatNat
“Oh he doesn’t, does he?” said Steve.
“I’m sorry,” she said, twisting her hands, “I— it’s company policy, and I need this job. But I know you wouldn’t be asking if it wasn’t something you needed to help people.”
“Tell him what?” said Hammer with a fiendish gleam to his eye.
“I’ve made a few upgrades since Loki. And you can bet your ass I’d make a lot more if the security was responsible for my kid.”
YouKnowWhoIAm
“I’ll be there to help you. That’s another thing you’re signing onto with me - I’m not going to stop trying to get you to eat and sleep.”
“Or what?” said Tony as he glanced around the room, his eyes catching on the clock.
She left and came back with a guy who looked like the before picture in an ad for Rogaine. He told Tony the same thing she did: Tony Stark or not, he had to pay for the phone. Tony charmed. He pleaded. He begged. And then he discovered that while he was above yelling at minimum wage workers, he was not above yelling at middle management.
WelcomeToValChallah
Pepper stopped. “Wow,” she said, “You must’ve really messed up if you’re getting to the apology this early.”
About time.
It's nothing important. Can we focus on the task at hand, please?
“It sounds like we’re on the same page, then.”
“That it was fine because you trusted me not to do it for no reason?” Tony mumbled into the ground.
“You like how often we have sex? Who tops, who bottoms?”
Chapter 2
Clint opened his eyes and let himself fall from Steve’s and Thor’s shoulders down to his feet.
“Not pointless at all, Steve,” said Nat, after she delivered a spinning kick, “I’ll be ready when you are.”
And then both of Steve’s hands were on the sides of Tony’s face, and Steve was kissing him. But it wasn’t just a kiss; it was a promise. And Tony knew Steve too well now to doubt a promise he sealed with a kiss.
“It’s just you and me here, Thor,” said Clint. “This is your last chance to come clean if you’re not ready. I can tell the team an unexpected breeze came up and I missed my shot, it won’t fall back on you.”
To the folks who don't want to see it end, this series now has a part 2 and 3. Part 2 is a team bonding fic where everyone shares their embarrassing sex stories and you get more details about the sock and ice cream truck incidents. Part 3 is a short Stony fic of these two having a grown up conversation with each other. Both are spoiler-free standalones too, so you can read or not read either or both :)
I got bored around when the Gunguns showed up.
No, stop writing! Or at least stop writing out our plans here. She said she’d be watching, right? What if our last plan didn’t fail because of bad luck? What if she’s reading the comments?
“Alright, Stark. You’re on.”
“I’ve never seen anything like this,” said Steve breathlessly. “How… but it’s a spiral! How does it stay up?”
“Neither does Thor.”
CLINT (CONT'D)
“I don’t understand. Do you mean ‘put phone in sleep mode’?”
“New Year’s Eve,” said Tony, looking back toward Steve. There was a determined set to his jaw.
Fifteen minutes later, Clint was grinning like a Cheshire cat.
“Do you have any
“I do know. You’ve been giving me daily updates since you started,” said Steve.
Steve was still blushing and he was shaking his head, but there was a grin on his face.
YouKnowWhoIAm
It took all the strength Tony had to step back again. He couldn’t do this. It was unbearable. He needed to leave.
Tony rolled his eyes and pulled his hands back.
No, wait...
“I won’t. Gonna need a few days, I think.”
steve_rogers
“So that proves it!” said Steve emphatically.
There wasn’t a gun or gunman in sight.
he was going to let Tony hide from what had happened in the lab, or take him at his word that he was ok now. There was no avoiding it: sometime soon, Tony would have to talk about his damn feelings. It would be awkward, and Steve would be gracious, and Tony would have to wait until Steve finished the “I’m flattered but” speech until he could bust out the whiskey and drink himself to oblivion. Which would undoubtedly end with Steve finding him hungover and talking to him gently about healthy coping mechanisms because he was
“Tony?” said Clint.
“UR NOT GOIN ANYWERE WITH MY GF!” shooted someone.
Oh NOW you want to hear from me.
Justin’s nagging sense of worry at the coincidence of meeting two Avengers today came into sharp focus.
“Steve doesn’t want me crashing his dates,” said Tony dismissively.
“There was knock-out dust on my shirt, ok!?” said Tony, anger starting to bubble in his gut in spite of himself, “He’ll be fine in five minutes. And if you’d just let me
“Hi,” said Tony brightly, “Any chance we could have this conversation somewhere open with lots of witnesses? There’s a great Italian place maybe five blocks from here, and I haven’t eaten since this morning. My treat?”
“Can’t a guy just confess his love and go about his day?” said Tony.
“That’s right,” said Tony, as they proceeded down a long hallway of identically-spaced doors. “You see, when a smartass archer, a Norse god, a Russian spy, an American icon, a big green nerd and a billionaire egomaniac all like each other very, very much, sometimes, they come together and do something about it.”
Women are not as stupid as Hollywood makes them out to be, and Dexter has a sister who’s a cop.
“Well, I did get to meet my biggest fan. Apparently SEPs aren’t as effective on kids who wear our merchandise.”
>GO TO ELEVATOR
“What the — what genre is this?” said the blonde prep who has eyes like limpid tears n was wering exercise cloths.
“Well, I stand by my assessment that I would’ve had a better time if I knew the language,” said Tony.
“But she was your date,” said Steve.
“I mean, she was nice,” said Steve as they headed toward the suite that said “Stark Party”. “I think the fact that something as horrible as a kiss cam exists is to blame here.”
Tony considered it, but ultimately decided not to. He didn’t have it in him to hear Steve’s desperate insistence that he loved him. He didn’t have it in him to tell Steve that this wasn’t his fault, that he needed to stop scraping his soul for feelings that weren’t there on the off chance that it would save his life. Even now, the disease was getting to the point of no return, whether Tony coughed up the roots or not.
You got the shittiest Iron Man costume off the clearance rack at Spirit Halloween and
“Tony?” said Steve gently.
Notes:
“Yeah! Yeah, Nick Fury, he hates the Chemical Romance. He might try to stop us! We should hurry!” siad Steve.
“I don’t know, Bruce,” she says with a shake of her head.
“No, sorry,” says Bruce hastily as he adjusts his glasses. “It’s… I know what it is. And I know where it is.”
“I don’t think it’s on my floor or Natasha’s,” says Clint.
“No one’s denying you’re a very
NATASHA
ROGERS
CLINT
“Where was Thor gonna put his, in his butt? And don’t worry about it, Bruce, it’s just a little temporary malware update to Starkphones in vicinity,” said Tony. Then he turned toward the bulk of the people taking pictures and said, “Hey! Stop taking creep shots and leave us be, and maybe after the movie we’ll let you take some pictures that don’t put middle finger emojis over our faces.”
Pepper immediately sat up in bed, and stared intently through the camera on her phone directly at Tony.
“Therapy, Tony,” said Clint in a voice that was almost dangerous. “You’re going. I will drag you there myself if I have to, and then Bruce will get the other guy to sit on you while you’re there to make you stay. Because you are a pain in all of our asses, Tony, but more importantly, you are our friend. We are not going to let some bullshit daddy issues feeding your self-doubt take your
Pictured is a spoof of a page from an I, Spy book. It features a photograph of a flat white surface cluttered with various round and round-adjacent things, including buttons, an orange, washers, sea shells, coins, and bottle caps. There is also a smartphone, a sticker that says "city of Ann Arbor," a button that says "Stay Gold Ponyboy," a keychain for the San Diego Zoo, a bottlecap that says "Enchantress Original," and round plastic tokens with pictures of Steve, Tony, the Hulk, Natasha, Clint, and Thor on them. At the bottom of the page is the following rhyme: "I spy a seven, the word 'love,' some hamburger art, a rainbow, a thimble, a half moon, a heart, a class ring, two sea shells, an orange that's peeled, three quarters, and Captain America's shield." All are hidden in the picture.
“You’re worried we won’t match,” said Steve.
of story-telling elements, so it could also be a book, or maybe a DVD. And it’s also got a lot of different elements so maybe it’s something that could show examples of everything we’ve seen, like an encyclopedia.”
“In a way, this makes things easier for me. Before, I would’ve had to take you with me to finish setting up the last of the amplifiers. Now I can simply trap you in here until my plan is complete.”
“I hate rhyming,” Bruce did moan.
“Tell them what?” said Steve, who had no idea who ‘them’ was and frankly didn’t care at this point.
“Really? I find the facsimile quite passable,” said Thor, amusement coloring his tone.
MY FLOOR
Tony forcefully reminded himself that reading into the blushes of a guy who also blushed whenever they passed a billboard with a model’s exposed midriff on it was not something he should do, and the butterflies in his stomach needed to get with the program. Then he said, “Well, you shouldn’t have to pick up your dates from the fan club.”
“Not Rhodey?”
“‘Pig-in-a-poke’ is a scam where you convince someone that a container has something valuable in it that has nothing of value inside,” said Natasha. “We’re going to need a case for the scepter with a combination lock on it. Make sure the case is as scepter-shaped as you can possibly make it, we want him to see it and
“That’s different.”
STEVE
“Oh I am liking this already,” said Tony with a wicked grin.
They arrived at a side room that had a “Do not enter, under construction” sign in front of it. Steve pushed it aside and opened the door.
“Hang on,” said Steve as he took off his jacket to drape over his arm so it covered his crotch.
Steve knew that was bait, and he didn’t rise to it. Whatever was going on here it was at least ten layers deep into Tony’s personal issues, and Steve was sure Tony would like nothing better than to sidestep all of it and have a shouting match instead. Maybe if Steve was feeling spiteful he’d’ve given him one. But if they were going to succeed at what they were trying to do here, they needed to dismantle these landmines before they went off and hurt someone later.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“That’s fucking right, and maybe if you weren’t underground you wouldn’t’ve missed my last two calls. The GPS on your phone says you’re on the boardwalk in Coney Island. I need you to go to the aquarium.”
“Maybe you don’t have to,” said Natasha pensively. A moment later she had her phone pressed to her ear.
The second Hammer rushed out of the room, Tony turned to Natasha and gave her a knowing look, and started to mentally count to three.
“Rhodey, it’s a good thing you’re pretty because sometimes you say very dumb things.”
“No,” said Bruce. “Hanahaki’s comorbid with suicidal ideation, in both—”
They walked into the dark room, which was only lit by a floor to ceiling window facing Times Square.
“Are too!”
Steve relaxed his posture as much as he could, and then said, “Ok.”
STEVE
“Yeah, but that’s not me. I wish it was, but it’s not.”
Steve swallowed, and said, “Are you uh… wearing anything under that?”
She smirked and said, “I’m just a friendly stranger tonight, sweetie, but if it helps you can call me Frank.”
“We’re wasting our time here,” said Clint as he stood up from the sofa.
I don’t understand.
Steve’s posture went rigid and his eyes went wide.
Your fight-friends have not kept the small you safe, and they will feel your rage. You roar and start to barrel in their direction. They are already out the puny door, which becomes a Hulk-sized hole in the wall as you smash through it. You hear them moving to your left and continue to run. They have a lot of distance ahead of you, but you know you’ll catch up quickly.
With a
HULK CONTAINMENT FLOOR
Crap. Steve had found a hole in the filter. But as Tony glanced nervously back at Steve, he saw Steve was looking at him intently, like he’d been listening the entire time. And he didn’t even seem annoyed.
“I’m a hat guy now. A guy who wears hats. That’s me.”
“I wasn’t—
“Oh, well I’m definitely not. Nat?” said Tony.
“Literally all she cared about was Captain America.”
“The first Friday of every month is reserved for poetry in American Sign Language,” said Tony’s phone.
ROGERS (COMMS)
CUT TO:
One the one hand, she’s trans, therefore she’s police stop catnip.
“I don’t follow.”
“Oh, yeah,” said Tony. He looked around, and saw that the others were standing a ways off, so he turned back to Steve and said, “Listen, whatever those buttons are, I hope you know I’ve got your back. If you need to try on new pronouns or new clothes or anything else, I’m here for you, and I’m not going anywhere.”
Wake Me Up Inside
So Steve took a breath and said, “We’re friends, right?”
ARGUMENTS AGAINST:
, not
“C’mon, Steve,” said Tony, who was somewhere between buzzed and drunk at the moment and was sure to progress to plastered before the night was through. “Y’can’t come to karaoke and not sing. It’s against the rules.”
useless, Steve,” said Tony, trying not to sound hurt.
“Sweet Jesus, you’re wound tighter than a virgin puss— oh hello, can’t tell that joke with ladies present, can I, huh?” said Hammer with a swat to Bruce’s shoulder. “Let me show you how much more relaxed you’ll be when you come and work for me.”
“No we weren’t,” says Nat, who is pulling Tony by the ear toward the hallway. “C’mon, my turn to drive.”
batches of brownies, and you were supposed to get the
“Thank you, Steve,” said Thor, which Steve did
“Alright, let’s start with what
“It’s true," said Tony with mock solemnity. “Stronger men than you would be having their butts pounded right now, Bruce. Thor is proof of that.”
“She asks me if I know who the red scarf knitter is.”
(See the end of the chapter for
ROMANOV
“Why is that?” you ask.
“JARVIS isn’t programmed to be a snarky little shit either,” said Clint with a smirk.
You were pointing a gun at me! I had to distract you!
“That’s right, big guy, follow me,” says Tony as he flies ahead of you.
Ordinarily Clint would’ve scoffed, but he knew it wasn’t the shot from
“Thor, why is the artifact in the tower instead of, say, on the moon, or anywhere so far away we can’t reach it?” asks Tony.
“Make that half a million,” said Tony.
***The more you know!***
“JARVIS, where’s Steve?” Tony asked.
“I’m your evil twin brother!” ylled Stove.
“Oh, hi Steve,” said Bruce, taking his eyes off his microscope as Steve came through the door, “Is there a playoffs game today?”
“I love you too, Tony.”
Steve sat down next to him and let Tony shotgun the coffee in silence.
“Makes sense to me,” said Tony. “Alright. Let’s tour the tower.”
mood,” said Steve, with a nip to Tony’s ear. “
For the second time that day, Tony woke up to a fire extinguisher blast to the face.
(See the end of the chapter for
say anything?”
“You were really going to shoot me?” said Bruce, looking around. “From where?”
“This is why.
“Kill them or knock them out, I’m not picky if they’re not real,” said Natasha with a shrug. Then a thought struck her, and she said, “Boys, how bad is my make up right now?”
Steve didn’t know how long he spent in his room after Halloween. He was vaguely aware of the passage of time, mostly in the form of different people coming up to visit him and trying to get him to eat something. Which Steve did, mostly to make them stop looking so worried. Nothing had any taste, though.
“Pepper—”
distracting. Whatever, if anyone asked him about the plot later he’d just say it seemed like a whole lot of ado about nothing, and they’d all chortle at his dry wit while Steve rolled his eyes, because Steve knew Tony better than anyone by now.
But before Tony could apologize for what he said or for thinking of Steve as divine punishment, Steve said, “I’ve got nothing else going on tonight more important than you, Tony. So why don’t you tell me about your day?”
Steve felt Tony tense under his arms.
Steve clenched his jaw for a moment and then said, “I’m never going to stop being Christian, Tony.”
Tony looked out the window and replied, “So are you, Steve.”
And what kind of relationship do we have now, Tony?
Steve started, before Bruce kicked him in the shin.
“How are you feeling?”
“Tony, did you make a bet with Clint?” asked Steve.
NATASHA gives IVAN a look that would kill a lesser man, and starts to play.
All their essences then drizzled into settings next unknown,
“Who said anything about sex?” said Tony slyly.
“What kind of hair would a professional barber have? Greasy. Just… really greasy and unkempt.” -- Tim Burton, apparently.
a good sign.
“Doesn’t matter. My idea, my name has to be on it. That’s how I roll.”
“Oh man, Fury’s gonna kill me for that.”
Bruce
“Had a date,” said Steve. “Didn’t go well.”
five years ago?”
“You didn’t get a party for
lOKI TURned 2 faec him & said “Stop making joke at Nastasia she is my gf and I looooooooove her.”
“Thanks, you’re a peach,” grumbled Tony as he shoved Steve’s ruined hat in his pocket and snatched the fedora out of the PA’s hand. “I’m getting the fuck out of here.”
Steve handed back Tony’s phone. “Was that so hard?” he said.
NATASHA
Tony kept his eyes closed, but he could hear Steve adjusting his stance into something combative as he stared down all five feet four inches of their Hanahaki therapist, Dr. Mitchell, at the foot of the bed. Dr. Mitchell adopted a placating, but solid stance, and her ability not to cower before the wrath of Captain America spoke to her many, many years of experience and almost supernatural gift for sorting through emotions that she’d been practicing over the past two weeks.
at setting people up.”
Well, this definitely wins for the weirdest medium we’ve been in so far, although I think Nat still wins for the weirdest genre. Any of you guys feeling weirdly incorporeal right now?
“I can’t decide whether I mean that literally. You would either have been best friends or burned the place down, you’re so alike.”
“Moment of truth,” said Steve as he reached into the mop bucket and placed the device Tony had built over the front of the safe, and held his breath as it whirred to life.
Ah, fuck. A second amendment asshole. Tony looked at the clock. Three minutes left. He could stall for three minutes.
STEVE
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah,” said Tony, pulling Steve’s arm around him a little more tightly, “Someday.”
“You know, before the night’s over, you and I really should talk about coordinating an event in New York City. Either a fundraiser for some of the bigwigs here, or maybe something for the guys in the shelter.”
“Wow, you got a handbook? All I got was a hot fiance,” and he pinched Steve’s butt to underscore the point.
being said. See?), Tony would admit his system had a few weak spots. Certain people and situations had a way of getting words past some of his filters before they got to his mouth, particularly the parts designed not to tick people off.
“Of course not.”
CLINT (CONT'D)
I’ve also watched the
“The only reason I’m here is because I want to tell you personally that you’re a shitstain and a disgrace.”
WelcomeToValChallah
God dammit. I promise I’m not trying to start a flame war, it’s just like I’m getting pulled under by the current here.
much of an idiot. At the very least he’ll put the building on high alert and tell them to keep an eye out for Avengers.”
“For now,” said Tony. “But, by the time we’re finished speaking, you’re going to agree to hand it over yourself.”
Tony’s fingers brushed against the band of Steve’s watch, which was when he noticed the time. He let out a chuckle. Which became a snort. Which became a guffaw. And a moment later he was absolutely hysterical.
Steve had noticed that a certain critical mass of Avengers talking to each other in any part of the tower seemed to assemble the others somehow. Clint had just popped his head in from the hallway and, within less than a second, Thor was bounding over from the video game room across the way.
“José, did you not just hear Hammer talking about the biggest power on earth or whatever? These guys are literal superheroes. I’ve seen enough cartoons to know when I’m working for a bad guy.”
Steve laughed, then said, “But he’s not seventy plus years old. That shouldn’t be on this list.”
As soon as Bruce heard the
“That doesn’t sound like me,” Tony hail mary-ed.
a keypad combination. To even
“Let’s pretend it’s not magic for a second. Let’s say it’s something else proximity-based, like a bomb,” says Tony. “And it’s a really powerful bomb, but you want to be extra sure that it reaches all the floors of our part of the tower. Where do you put it?”
I guess I can kinda see the silver fox angle. Or maybe Steve secretly likes getting bossed around. And who doesn’t like a man in uniform?
? You’ve at least seen
That was nothing like riding a motorcycle, Tony.
“Hey, quit being dicks to Steve. Dating is hard. C’mon, let’s go inside, the play’s about to start,” said Tony, who did
Justin sighed and said, “The warehouse in Secaucus?”
Panache: 7
Steve felt his heart sink. He knew it was a coincidence, but one item on the list today had been hard enough. Two would be torture.
Thor? What were you talking about in that last paragraph?
“It projects a hologram onto your face,” said Tony. “Anyone looking straight at you will barely see it, but people who aren’t paying attention won’t recognize you. Which is everyone in New York City. Handy if you want to avoid the fan mob and the paparazzi.”
ARGUMENTS FOR:
birthday.”
“I already took care of it. She’s going to be living with us for a while, at least until we get an idea of how bad it is,” said Steve.
“Tell him with the occurrents, more and less, which have solicited. The rest... is... silence!” gasped Tony as he laid down on the hard, concrete floor.
Captain Jarvis is calling me to swab the deck, again. I’m beginning to think he has an axe to grind with me. I’ll write you again the moment I’m free.
“I’m easy for you, Steve. I’m here, and you know that I’m interested and the twenty-first century is scary and new, and you don’t want to do the work to find the right person to share your life with, because the more people you meet the more you have to lose if you fall into the ice again.”
“I’m not—,” Tony huffed, then fixed Steve with a determined stare. “Let me give you this, Steve.”
ROGERS
Steve kissed Tony’s temple, and added, “Don’t worry, we’ll get to number fifteen when we get home.”
“Th-thanks,” said Steve, who was starting to get nervous but couldn’t pinpoint why or how.
to live to a ripe old age. I want you to
On the other side of the room, among the racks of coats, was Natasha Romanov, tied to a rolling chair, hands bound and a thin stream of blood trickling from one nostril. Standing behind her was a goon with a gun pointed at her head. And there were two people now standing behind him.
, Bruce?” said Tony.
. How’d that happen?”
“It’s your protocol we’re following sir,” said José. “You said if anything so much as hiccupped within the vicinity of the vault, to alert you right away.”
Tony spent the rest of the night narrowing down a list of fifty-seven things he and Steve could spend a lot of time working on together and ultimately settled on either a new suit, a new shield, or a new motorcycle. Probably not a new motorcycle, because Steve loved that awful death trap of his for God knows what reason, but Tony figured he’d talk with Steve and see which one seemed he seemed most amenable to.
To make things easier on y'all, here's the floors of the Avengers section of the tower from top to bottom in this universe (medical's down in the lobby, so not included in the spell field): The roof, Clint's floor, the common room floor, Thor's floor, Bruce's floor, the Hulk containment floor, Steve's floor, Nat's floor, Tony's floor, the gym floor, and the pool floor.
Tony couldn’t even if he wanted to; the mud he’d slammed into was blocking the air vents into the helmet and he was already starting to feel light-headed. So instead he made a mental note that the next version of the suit needed more redundant air vents more evenly distributed around the helmet and clicked his fingers together in the manual release sequence, causing the front of the suit to open like a baked clam. When he was sure GerardWayLover69 was appropriately occupied, he sat up and confirmed his suspicion about the suit: completely bricked. It was 600 pounds of scrap now.
“They do,” said Colleen. “More than they do in Brooklyn now. You’ve never been to LA?”
before,” Tony purred as he closed in on Steve’s neck and started to kiss under that fucking fantastic jaw, and the groan it elicited from Steve was so delicious Tony thought he might get them both off off just sucking on Steve’s neck. Between kisses Tony said, “I mean, it’s been a while for me, but I'm sure I'll manage.”
We went to the Hot Topic. Steve (that is the blonde preps name) got a GC tee shirt, black sk8r pants, checked vans and eyeliner & I panted his nails to look lik pentagrams. Tony wore a marilyn Mansion shirt with black fishnet rave sleeves over it, red color contacts, riped black jeans & black convers. I bought a corset with balck lace all over it, black fisnets, & black leagher boots with alot of fuckles.
“Ok... let’s go with why. Why was my hair just on fire?”
“That’s going to be a long list,” said Natasha.
“Your turn at the explaining wheel, Nat,” said Tony.
She means to humiliate me. To make me vulnerable. I do not expect you to understand...
Tony bit back a scream of fury and frustration. “Unidentified energy signatures” was code for “magic”, which meant he was about to face down some goddamn woo-woo crap that made no fucking sense within the laws of physics or nature or anything else. Of
steve_rogers
, Steve, could you stop being such a damned stick in the mud for
“Neither. Thor, it’s your turn to explain,” said Tony.
“Hey, I don’t want to be rude,” said Tony as he tapped Clint on the shoulder, then held up his phone. “But judging from how much covert pointing I’m seeing and the fact Clint spotted us across the room, our SEPs don’t seem to be working and if we’re not staying I’d very much like to get back to the lab and figure out why.”
“You… don’t need me?” said Steve, as he followed Tony into the lab.
“Steve! That was hilarious!” Clint gasped.
going as Rocky for his first time.”
“In my defense, you’re all extremely hot,” said Tony. Then, as casually as he could, he added, “Anyway, if the rest of you want any, help yourselves.”
“That’s not even fake
“Hey!” you say, raising your voice just a bit, which manages to quiet everyone for now. “Listen, we don’t know what Enchantress is doing right now or what her plans are. We need to get to work if we’re going to get out of here and stop her.”
“I’ll tell him you said that.”
“Well… shit,” said Tony, “I think that fuck up is on me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
CLINT
“You really don’t—”
ARGUMENTS FOR:
Clint sighed and said, “Sorry ladies, but I gotta skee-daddle. Important Avengers business ta get to and all. But I’ll always have a soft spot for Joisey girls.”
,” Steve begged.
“You did. You said anyone who sees me like this just sees ‘hot hipster chef.’”
“There are two things you need to understand about Justin Hammer,” said Tony. “The first is that he does everything I do, but worse. Lady, gentlemen, I give you the Hammerplex, or Justin’s answer to Avengers Tower. Located in the sunny climes of Hoboken, New Jersey.”
The second he touched Steve’s face he knew it was a mistake. Steve’s five o’clock shadow was rough under Tony’s knuckles as his thumb pressed gently into Steve’s cheek to remove a few stray pieces of glitter. Tony had to will his hands not to shake as ran his fingers over the lines of Steve’s face: the arch of his brow, the curve of his cupid’s bow, that fucking fantastic jawline, all to get rid of a few damned bits of sparkly plastic. And of course Steve
On the train, Steve turned over
who is too stupid to get the hint. What should I tell him it is?” says Clint.
Tonu was laffing but then he stoped & he said, “Ok, now we’ve straightened that out, let’s go to the My Chemical Romance concert.”
but it wasn’t
“Why not? We’ve already got our costumes,” said Clint.
“Mine? My birthday’s not till December,” you say.
“I mean, it’s a Tingler. It could be in his butt,” says Tony. “I’m sure he’d let Bruce search him for it.”
“I know we’re only doing this because we haven’t gotten along, but I was coworkers with Howard and I’m friends with you, whatever that might say.”
“The weirder the kink, the easier the seduction?” asks Clint.
“Right after right after the aquarium.”
“So, Colleen, tell me about yourself,” said Steve, forcing himself not to think about how irritating it was hearing Tony ask Doug questions he already knew the answer to, “Why’d you start working at CERN?”
“Hey… It’s ok. Take your time,” said Tony.
“Bruce! Light of my life. My bosomest brother.”
YouKnowWhoIAm
There was dead silence as everyone stared at Steve. Then everyone started laughing so hard they had to stop walking. Tony was so proud he felt he could die right there and proudly tell St. Peter that whatever his sins were, he managed to make this moment of pure, unbridled joy possible and that had to be worth
Sandra Jimenez dumped her briefcase, the stack of folders,
“The future talk?” said Steve.
Nat made eye contact with Steve, then set her jaw.
A moment later, Bob threw himself on the ground as Tony’s fourth backup suit hurtled through the open passageway and encased Tony within itself before falling flat on the floor.
“Have your people call my people,” said Tony.
“Thank you for coming here today. At the beginning of this case, I was presented with two mysteries. The first, the murder of the lord of the manor, has been resolved as you all know. The second, however, is the disappearance of the telephone — God it’s weird saying ‘telephone.’ Sorry, hang on, let me get back into it. — These incidents were seemingly connected, and yet, when Ms. Amora was apprehended by the very capable Lady Romanov, she did not lunge in any particular direction for it, even though the merest touch was necessary to regain control of it, which leads me to conclude that she herself does not know where it is.”
It was Nick Fury!!!!
“I mean, you’re Australian, so maybe,” said Clint.
Steve followed Tony’s gaze. Up on the giant screen, there was Steve and Colleen. They were framed in a heart labeled “Kiss Cam.” Steve turned to look at her, and while she was blushing a bit, she was already leaning in for a kiss.
“Oh come on, it’s been seventy years since you’ve gotten laid. Time to join the 21st century properly, pal,” said Tony.
By the time I am done with this fanfiction, that lamp is gonna be SO FRIGGIN BUMPED.
“Alright?”
Clint was waiting for the elevator when he heard Hammer’s voice carrying across the office.
Steve did. Tony put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, looked around conspiratorially, then said, “Are you listening? Ok, here it goes: sex… is
I ran 2 my room & slammed the door so I could cry tears of blood. Then I put my iPod nano in the dock and lissend 2 Im Not Ok by MCR bu then Steve came & said, “Natasha, we should talk.”
“How long did it take to convince him to make that video? Wait, not convince, you’re too clever for that. How long did it take for you to plant the idea in his head that he should make that video? How many protestations did you make as naggingly as you could that doing it would mean going head-to-head against us, which you know in
Do you have any usable information for us? Such as the location of the artifact or Enchantress?
“You’re injured. You’re going into the ambulance.”
HAROLD's hands are against the wall, and THOR is down on one knee behind him, patting down the bottom of HAROLD's pant leg by his ankle. HAROLD is whining miscellaneous phrases about the impropriety of it and asking how soon he can get back to drinking. Upon hearing the gunshot, THOR stops and looks out the door. HAROLD takes advantage of the distraction and kicks THOR’s face with his foot still wearing a shoe. The kick catches THOR off-guard and he’s temporarily knocked back.
Tony’s eyes snapped open and his fingers grasped Steve’s like a vice.
“Target acquired. Please surrender peacefully,” came a serene voice from the drone’s speaker.
“One of these days I’m not going to be able to stay late, and then you’ll be sorry,” said Jasmine, Tony’s favorite barista, as she unlocked the door.
“Sorry, Clint. Each additional PhD adds another inch to our colossal schlongs, and can’t be redistributed,” said Tony.
long,” said Tony as they walked back toward the party, “I
“I murder people because I’m trans” is the least believable motive for murder I’ve ever heard.
“Breathe with me, ok?” said Steve, and he immediately started to take big breaths in and out, his broad chest expanding and contracting rhythmically under Tony’s cheek.
it couldn’t be that easy. Nothing with Steve ever was.
The hologram froze, and Steve backed up, and took a couple of breaths.
“Screw you, Tony,” said Steve, but he wasn’t meeting Tony’s eyes when he said it. In fact, he seemed like he was trying to fit his 6’4” height into his old 5’2” frame.
“Steve,” Tony huffed. “I would cough up the entire New York Botanical Gardens every day of my life if it meant I got to keep loving you.”
with that?
“Hey baby,” said Steve, and his voice was so
“Tony—” started Steve.
“I’m sorry, Steve,” said Tony as he took Steve’s wrists in his and pulled them away. “In hindsight I should’ve gotten tested first to confirm I didn’t have type A. I should never have put this on you. None of this is your fault, but I see how it could
Beady eyes in firelight shone.
Just to make our strange day stranger, still her magic is her own.
“Remember what I said about backup, Boberino?” said Tony weakly, “Yeah, that’s not what this is.”
>LET CLINT TAKE ENERGY BARS PLEASE
CatNat
Sometimes I want to kill horny teenagers too, Jason.
HAPPY
“I think we can make another educated guess that it’s probably not… there,” you say.
WHO IS HE?
“Tell me about it,” said Steve.
“I dunno about that, Nat. I’m only here because I did a Gamma radiation experiment
“I apologize, but did your people not just celebrate the new year recently?” said Thor.
“One of these days you’re going to either become a supervillain or work for me or both,” said Tony. “Job offer’s still open, by the way.”
“We are finishing this conversation, Tony,” said Steve. “I will wait as long as it takes for you to find your answer to why you won’t let me love you, but I
“Gentlemen,” she said confidently. “Welcome to your first heist.”
“I can see I’m wasting my time here,” said Steve as he stood up to leave. “I just want you to remember, in the end, that you had the chance to handle this quietly and fairly, and you turned it down.”
I did. Who’s armed?
Bruce is the only one who knows what the artifact is.
in '39.
or the
ENCHANTRESS
Steve hesitated, and a huge, smarmy grin broke out across Tony’s face.
“There is
“None of you have any sense of sexual adventure,” Tony sighs as he leans back and puts his hands behind his head.
A hazy memory swam to the surface in Tony’s mind. Someone had shoved a lost-and-found box into his hands and he’d picked out the first clothes he’d touched. Looking down now, Tony could see that meant he was wearing a fringed crop top that had “Daddy’s Little Cum Slut” airbrushed on it in loopy, cursive writing, orange camo crocs, and baby blue velvet track pants Tony recognized from Avengers merchandising meetings; these would have “Property of Captain America” screen printed across the butt. Apparently catatonic Tony hadn’t bothered to read the things he was wearing, but he did remember to put on a baseball cap.
“No,” said Tony. “Uncharted territory. Closest thing we’ve done is sharing stories about socks and ice cream trucks.”
Captain America voice, “I need to speak with Mr. Hammer. It’s a matter of national importance.”
“You made me a
There’s also fanfiction about Steve boning everyone in this room. Solo and in an orgy. Artist renderings too.
Steve’s fingers stilled in his hair for a moment, but then he said, “Did they ever tell you that?”
get to spend your time telling retired generals what
“Oh absolutely. It was a point of pride for her. But Ma wasn’t the only brilliant immigrant stuck in a factory job back then. Mrs. Barnes spoke fifteen languages.”
And you did it by kissing me? What, did they not have “hey, look over there!” in the 40’s?
Notes
“She… used two hands to shake mine. So?”
Tony thought as the elevator doors closed.
“You jumped in front of a kiss cam and kissed everybody in Citifield
“What the hell happened to your hair, by the way?” said Steve.
“I think everyone but Steve has to be seated around me,” Tony said. “It’s part of the setting, somehow.”
Fury would almost certainly ask me to try to recruit this guy before I took him out.
“But…” said Steve. And for a moment, it looked like Steve might explode with whatever he was about to say. But eventually he pressed his lips together, exhaled, stared at the ground with a resigned look. Tony had thought he’d lost his nerve until Steve muttered, “But you need to stop setting me up on dates.”
“Hey handsome,” said Tony.
“You’re the one who had his favorite hat stolen and set on fire, Steve.”
Don’t be stupid, Cap, you’re with me.
“Nobody touches or does anything to my body without my consent. Now can I go please?”
“What could that be?” asks Bruce.
Pepper sent both Doug and Colleen huge apologetic fruit baskets after this. Colleen's included a note that ended with, "By the way, Doug is bisexual and you're his type." She did not know that Colleen had already found that out for herself when she went with Doug to a diner near the stadium to commiserate about that horrible date, and then left with each other's numbers in their phones and plans to catch a movie next weekend.
DangerStrange
sounds like that, let alone me.”
“Abracadabra, baby. Welcome to the club. Bisexuals sit at the table with the pink, purple and blue stripes,” said Frank.
"Where was the phone in the Lego universe and the Tumblr-verse?" Taking the pictures and displaying the Tumblr post, obviously ;) Side-note: that actually is why the quality varies a lot in the Lego pics, I only had my crummy old phone to take all the pictures needed for this fic, here and for the food photography in Thor's chapters and for the I, Spy page. Also I'm, like, not even remotely close to a photographer. Ah well, I still think it turned out ok.
“Good, because that’s what you’re getting,” said Tony, “By the way, since you beat me to the proposal, you’ve unlocked number fifteen on the list I just gave you.
So they left, and Steve picked a seat where he could watch Tony, still in his costume, chatting with a couple other guys in lingerie like it was the most normal thing in the world. And the pane of glass between Steve and his environment was back, but this time instead of watching passively through it he was pressing his nose against it, longing to come in, wishing he could stand comfortably next to Tony as he schmoozed and cracked jokes and be in it with him. His arm around Tony’s back, feeling him pressed against his side while Steve’s fingers trailed down his bare shoulder…
(to Steve)
Steve laughed, got back up, and kissed Tony just as the countdown finished. Outside the room at the party there was cheering, and the band started playing auld lang syne.
Karaoke to Marx to
“We can talk about it later,” said Tony evasively.
, Steve. People don’t like it when I upstage them on their area of expertise.”
was going to happen?” asked Clint as he stepped up on Tony’s boot, Cap’s shield tied securely to his back.
“Ready to go?” he asked loudly enough to get through the soundproof glass and echoing through the comms.
“That was amazing,” said Steve as they walked out of the theater. “I actually cannot believe that people know this show exists and then voluntarily buy tickets to see
STEVE (CONT’D)
“Shroedinger’s relationship, then,” said Steve.
They wormed their way through a crush of bodies all asking for autographs and what not, but instead of making for the exit Tony had them push their way to the elevator bank. One of the elevators was smaller than the other ones, and had a velvet rope and an attendant in front of it. Tony held up his phone to the attendant, who then let them go inside. The second the doors closed, Steve released all the tension he didn’t even realize he was holding and sagged against the wall.
“Oh man,” said Steve, who was laughing himself a bit now. “I can’t wait to hear the joke I just told in the lines of the conversation we just skipped.”
If you are seeing this, either you've turned off skins or you're reading this fic with a screen reader. If the former, you can ignore all this text, it's just going to be image descriptions of all of the slides pictured,  If the the latter, I wrote out all these image descriptions because they'd be way too long for alt text. Each heading marks the start of a new slide. Also, for this particular chapter, each slide with a ranking has a picture of the person in question
compared to him.”
(laughs a little uncomfortably)
“Not quite,” said Steve. “There’s one problem.”
“Uhhhhh,” said Steve all shy and aborsalbe.
“Add it to the meetings calendar,” said Steve. Then he asked, “Where were you gonna propose?”
“Hi there!” Tony shouted as he walked through the front doors and over to the desk. “Tony Stark, billionaire playboy philanthropist superhero. Don’t tell Justin I’m here, though, I want it to be a surprise. Actually, don’t tell anyone, if you can.”
that?” said Sandra irritably.
a car for her part in this. A note would be overkill.”
to believe what Steve was telling him, because the alternative was unthinkable.
Notes:
“Stop! I’m FINE!” shouted Tony, “Go take care of Ebony Dark’ness, I’m fine!”
“Did you ever like to perform before you were Captain America? Like, was there something there that the USO killed, or have you always been like this?”
Page three and four text:
Tony turned toward Bruce, and the two of them had an entire conversation with only their facial expressions and body language (Steve really needed to get a PhD in something), before Tony said, “Steve, could you please tell Bruce that you’re perfectly happy going to a drag show, and they can all wait till next year?”
“This is a plot to get me dating again, and I’d like to state for the record that I resent it,” said Tony.
This curry is a beautiful and tasty way to make vegetables the star of the dinner table.
“The hell is that?” said Tony.
Tony didn’t say anything. Which had the opposite effect he intended — when Nat noticed he wasn’t making egregious lies about avoiding Steve, she got suspicious.
Fine.
There was a pause, and Tony added, “You’re really making me regret keeping my promise not to come along in the suit.”
“Wouldn’t have agreed to a meeting unless I did, Steve,” said Tony.
steve_rogers
“Why, Tony?” Steve repeated.
Steve chuckled to himself and said, “Tony was right, same combination and everything.”
Tony made his way over to the lab’s bathroom to see how bad the damage was. The second the light turned on and Tony saw himself in the mirror, he yelped. The bald patch covered roughly the entire left side of his head. Fortunately, the fire had been contained before his skin could suffer anything worse than what felt like a sunburn, but there was no way around it: he was going to be partially bald for a while. No hairdresser on earth would be able to hide it.
“I think we should try to escape first,” said Natasha.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“And you all complain you can’t understand when me and Tony talk?” said Bruce.
“You said—”
Bob turned around in his chair and scowled at Tony’s face, and Tony’s hand inched a little bit closer to his pocket again. Perfect. Now it was just a matter of misdirection 101.
“Don’t look at me. This is just a costume and a funny voice,” said Tony.
“Aren’t you two planning to go to a baseball game in two weeks?” said Rhodey. “Why don’t you buy two extra tickets?”
I walk out of the elevator and look around. At first I don’t see anything out of the ordinary, just my regular wide, empty, reinforced space where I become an extremely attractive and shredded green rage monster.
of times, but I want you to try, so you can keep coming home to me. That’s what I’m asking. Can you promise me that, Tony?”
That didn’t stop you from feeling them up on the porch.
“It’s not the damn color that gives you away, Steve,” said Tony. Then he took Steve’s wrist to expose the stitches to the light so he could better demonstrate his point. “Look at this, not even machine-sewn. You actually got a needle and a spool of thread and did a goddamn whipstitch between the kevlar, which— I don’t even know how you managed that, honestly, the armor should’ve bent a regular needle into a pretzel before you even started.”
Tony didn’t say anything.
“Yep!” said Tony in a way he hoped would cut off the discussion. He hadn’t eaten in 2 days and needed something more substantial than a green smoothie, but he was bitterly regretting not ordering something and having it sent up in the dumbwaiter instead of coming to the communal kitchen. Stupid body and its stupid, stupid hunger.
“Nah, I learned that last year when I fucked my boyfriend through the ball drop when we were supposed to kiss.”
The elevator doors open and THE AVENGERS enter. The walls are already oozing — whether with blood or something else, it’s too dark to tell. There’s a scream of something haunting and bloodthirsty in the wind that whips across the jagged shards of glass from the broken floor-to-ceiling windows. The shadows move with demons unseen, and the only source of light is the television, which is showing static that periodically breaks into a series of images. A disembodied smile with too many teeth, ants devouring a blood red fish on a beach, a close-up of a terrified eye.
“Uh… yeah. How’d you--”
” shouted Tony almost shrilly, finally stopping and staring Steve down. “Because that’s what
steve_rogers
“The Puppet—” Tony started.
I never could stay away from a pretty face in distress.
Steve shook his head. “This stopped being a crush a long time ago, Tony. I love you. I’m
“Ok but when people usually say that they mean I’m teaching them patience for putting up with my bullshit. It sounded like you meant something else.”
