They stand there pressed against the books, exploring each other’s mouths and bodies, for several minutes. Finally, John retreats, and Sherlock opens his eyes reluctantly.
They set to work with a pair of brushes, labouring in silence for several minutes. “So, Wiggins. You trained under the ship's doctor?”
He reminded himself on a near-constant basis that he had not even known Sherlock for a long time, only seventeen days in total. Hardly enough time to really know the man.
So. Sherlock sat back, sighing and clicking to another tab. After he’d left prison, he’d seemed to have found employment in the carnival, a low-paying and temporary job, but Sherlock supposed it was the best he could do, considering he was a paroled drug dealer and all.
A few people give Sherlock looks, knowing smiles and appraising expressions. He imagines most people have not expected John to be with a man, but miraculously no one says anything rude to them about it.
John lifted his gaze again, back toward the horizon. Just another hour or so, he hoped. And then they could end this at last.
"We can just have a long engagement until we're both fully ready. Maybe once we both have settled into our careers," Sherlock suggested with a slight eye roll, as if John were a slow child who kept insisting that one and one could not equal two. However, he moved close and laid his hands on John’s shoulders comfortingly. "I... I never thought I'd say this, but... I find myself rather taken with the idea of declaring myself permanently to you." His face turned a positively adorable shade of pinkish-red as he spoke. "Forever with you does not sound impossible.”
“Did you really mean it?” John blurts out, interrupting Sherlock suddenly. For once, he is the one who is blushing. “I—I mean, what you said, to Mrs. Hudson about me.”
The list of Mystery/Horror finalists is ten names long, most of them established writers, with a couple debut authors as well. But the name John dreads most is—
John grins at that. “For which I’m glad. Otherwise, I might never have met you.” He turns his hand over under Sherlock’s to squeeze it. He has to admit, Sherlock looks rather dashing right now, his hair in disarray, the sleeves of his button-up rolled to just past his elbow. John can’t resist stroking his thumb across the back of Sherlock’s knuckles.
John does laugh this time, throwing his head back. “Oh, bloody hell, you’ve picked up your disdain for Hemingway from Kitty and Regan, haven’t you?”
He treaded water, watching as the ship did not give chase, but instead grew nearer and nearer to the wreckage. Longboats splashed into the water. John could see people on board, calling out, asking for survivors to reveal themselves.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open. Yes, he was being pulled back up, toward the railing, back onto the poop deck. Hands reached for him, dragging him over.
She raised her eyebrows, fixing a steely gaze on him. “Help me roll him over,” she instructed, and together they turned him onto his back.
“Dunno,” Greg shrugged. “But if we’re right about them being together, and if I’m right about him ignoring that text,
John hesitates, glancing at Sherlock, whose hackles are clearly up. “You too, Mr…?” he takes his hand.
“Well, yeah.” John feels an absurd surge of butterflies. What, is he sixteen again? “If you want.” After a moment, he manages to muster a bit of his signature Watson charm and levels it at Sherlock in the form of a knowing smirk. “But in the meantime, I’d like to show you off at dinner tonight or tomorrow night, if you’re amenable to one of those.”
“Oh, come now, Sherlock!” Moriarty cried. Footsteps rattled through Sherlock’s fuzzy brain, and then Moriarty’s face loomed in front of him. His fingers brushed back Sherlock’s curls, and a mocking pout bloomed on the man’s lips. “It’s not a bad offer, is it? I might even spare your beloved little ship if you agree.”
“You have skills in many areas—shooting, sword-fighting, navigating, leadership, strategizing. So I wish to make you captain. You already have experience in that position, after all”
Mycroft lifts an eyebrow. He does not reply for a moment, only looks John up and down, as if x-raying him. “Do you know what is interesting about you, Mr. Watson?”
His cheeks have gone a little pink, and Sherlock bites down on his lip, trying not to smile at such an endearing sight. The girl's eyes have widened in delight.
He waited, staring unblinkingly at his phone, until the reply came. When it did, he sucked in a breath, fear lancing through him like ice.
Sherlock entered the kitchen the next morning, still as tired and drained as he had been when he had gone to bed the previous night. He had only gotten three hours of fitful sleep, by his estimation.
He was not to know he would end this conversation jumping around the room, because not only did he have a date, but the mystery of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson was finally solved.
John was skeptical, but he chose not to press the issue. “Does he know, now? That you are alive? Could he have told me?”
“Maybe.” John starts cutting chicken breasts into cubes with intriguing finesse. “I had an idea some time back and only just recently found the note about it again. So, a few days ago, I thought, since
John resists the urge to bristle. Firstly, he wants to correct Mycroft in the bluntest way possible, just to scandalise him a bit:
“Good, we had a lovely chat about murder,” John jokes, though that had in fact been the main subject of their meeting. Two of the small group were crafting murder mysteries, after all.
Something about Sherlock’s smile told John that maybe his omission was not as hidden as he’d hoped. Maybe Sherlock knew him so well by now that he knew what John was thinking. It wouldn’t be the first time, after all, that John thought Sherlock could read minds.
“Your accolades, to begin with. But more than that…” His eyebrows lifted. “You seem to have earned the loyalty of Sherlock Holmes. That in itself is remarkable and, until now, nearly unheard of.”
“He likes my books, criminology, and chemistry. He doesn’t eat much. He loves his landlady but won’t admit it. He’s very observant and brilliant and he doesn’t have much of a filter, especially around his brother, whom he can’t stand.”
“Bloody hell!” That settles it; he’s speaking to Mike. He’s usually more formal with James. “Bloody hell!”
He moved his hand from Sherlock’s chin to his jaw, cradling it gently. As he did, he felt Sherlock lean into the touch. The puff of his sigh against John’s skin was a vow, an acceptance of an offer, and a temptation all in one.
He nods, a gentle smile on his face. John watches with interest at their camaraderie—Sherlock is clearly fond of this girl, and she of him. For John’s part, he is grateful to see that someone other than himself has seen the worth in Sherlock Holmes.
don’t know about historical gender roles in Scandinavia doesn’t mean they didn’t exist,” the woman replies coolly. Sherlock tries to remember her name; he rather likes her. Kitty, yes that’s it.
“So what do you do, Sherlock?” he asks as he puts down his pen and sits back a moment to survey the man. He still has a couple books left, but finds himself not wanting to rush this encounter.
“You have not!” John chuckles. “You don’t know even who the other nominees are, and there’s no way without reading their material to know who is the best writer. Ergo, you are biased.”
position in the British government.” Sherlock’s lip curled slightly. “He’s trying to hurt them from within, getting close to the men we suspect are involved in the company.”
Sherlock nods. “You look nice,” he says before he can think better of it. He is gratified when John’s ears flush pink. Ah. Perhaps he
Sherlock appears, his cap a little askew. He glances at Mycroft, favoring him with a brief nod, but giving his parents a small smile — which widens when he sees John.
Sherlock squeezes him tighter. “Believe it.” He tilts John’s chin up for a quick kiss. “We should celebrate. Right now.”
John takes a moment to parse this. Sholto has never been anything but professional with him, if a little familiar. But John has always considered that to be because of their years-long working relationship rather than… something more.
John smiles at him, taking in the familiar sight of his smooth skin, tantalizing curls, and bright eyes. “Yeah? What do you have in mind?”
“They shouldn't have been speaking like that. After all, they seem to have accepted that your sister is a lesbian!”
James reddened, glancing down. “I… I think I will stay, actually. Victor, ah, told me what is going on. How the
“Yes. Dear Sholto. Another fool. Your ship is just full of them, isn’t it? He fell for every word I said, that we were both victims, and that he must be so brave and strong to have survived. Idiot.”
He scrawls a few more words, then shuts the book and sets it back in place. “It was nice to meet you, Sherlock.” Silently, he tries to plead with his eyes. He doesn’t want Sherlock to leave yet.
She glanced over her shoulder just a few steps later, and saw him turning to face Watson's door. He took a slow breath, as if psyching himself up. Then, he knocked on the door, slowly pulling the object in his hand into sight. A bouquet of flowers. From his bag — the object he had been trying to hide — protruded the neck of what looked like a wine bottle.
connected to your particular topic, because it’s about the decades before the Opium Wars, but some of the points apply to what you’re saying. I think it might help your fourth paragraph especially. Ah ha!”
“No, what?” John asked. Moments later, though, his eyes widened in realization. “Oh. Right. Er… consent. Yeah.”
After Sherlock’s suggestion of wine, John suggests a dessert as well. As it’s their first date as official boyfriends — a thought that sends giddy shivers through John — he feels they can indulge a bit.
And later than that — when Sherlock can’t even remember his own name as he clutches at John — when his heart is pounding as if he’s been running — the words trip out of his mouth again, in a hoarse gasp this time.
John grins at him. His curls are wild, his eyes soft. Again, as usual in this position, John is struck with gratitude and amazement that this marvelous man is his.
John exchanges a look with Sherlock. “It isn’t typical,” he begins. “Do you have the email to show me?”
Eventually, the conversation fades as they both feel drowsiness tug at them — both from the hour, and from the wine.
Sherlock signed something back, frowning. Ekene nodded, then took his leave. John watched him go, at a loss for what had just happened.
Sherlock gazes at him, wearing an expression more sympathetic than most people would believe he could muster. “Thank you for telling me this.”
He emerged and nearly collapsed all over again at the sight before him. A ship, a massive, dark-hulled horror of a thing, was alongside them.
still stood moored, hidden as best as one could hide a pirate ship. The crew crouched along the railing, peering across the waves.
And the scarlet wave seemed to wash over Sherlock’s vision, saturating everything with the color, Moriarty’s laughter ringing loud in his ears. This is the end, those sails said. There is no hope.
Sherlock's phone pinged. "Hmm," he chuckled after glancing at the text. "Lestrade. Making sure you told me what he said and thanking me for the help."
He chuckles, and notices John looking at him quizzically. He shakes his head, smiling. John grins back.
“Moriarty,” Sherlock murmured. He reached for his sword at his waist, but the man twitched his own weapon against Sherlock’s neck, and he was forced to still his motion. His heart pounded hard in his chest. “I do not understand.”
Sherlock just watched him as he eased away and began to dress. He felt the pirate’s gaze on him as he tugged his shirt—borrowed from another sailor aboard—over the wound, and hoped the tension and worry he felt was not showing in his posture.
“Now, where did you see him? I’ll see what I can do to trace him. You’ll also need to give me your phone so I can check about using the number to find him.”
“There he is,” William notes, his height an obvious advantage in this situation. “Sherlock! Over here, my boy!”
“Come here, you,” John says, beckoning as he crosses the room and pulls back the bed covers with a theatrical flourish that makes Sherlock laugh. Sherlock goes, sliding into the bed and nuzzling close. He can smell John’s spearmint toothpaste, as well as the lavender soap the hotel provided, which clings to them both lightly. Underneath both scents, though, is something sharper and more intriguing: John himself.
John’s vision was flickering, going black at the edges. Desperate, he shoved against the deck with his feet, pushing away from Moriarty even as the man advanced. He may be heading toward the fire, but it was better than letting this man have the satisfaction of killing him.
He didn’t elaborate on his initial words, but simply observed. John took the opportunity to examine him in turn.
He had to act quickly. Sword in hand, he dashed forward. He snatched up a rope, and without hesitation, threw himself over the railing.
After eating as much as they could manage around their emotional turmoil, the two men returned to the deck. A cluster of pirates surrounded Sebastian. All bore weapons and angry expressions, watching him with fierce eyes. Many were silent, but a few whispered about Winter, wondering and speculating and hoping. Without a word to one another, John and Ekene joined them. A man John didn’t even know laid a hand on his arm and nodded. John returned it, marveling at the solidarity he felt for the group in that moment.
He sits up, looking around blearily, and that’s when he notices that the window is open. Just barely ajar, but definitely open enough to let the chilly air inside.
“It did not take long for him to realize something was amiss. The company, the New Orient Trading Programme, had allowed him access to their records, and he observed certain… inconsistencies in the documents. Numbers not matching here, ship manifests not translating properly to the money earned there, and so on. Being an honourable man, my father asked the men he reported to. They assured him all was well, that the reports had been reviewed many times before, and not to worry. For a time, my father’s concerns were assuaged.
“I hardly think those are small things,” Sherlock crosses his arms. “They make up significant aspects of who a person is—”
rocking, blown far off course. Hours passed when the crew didn’t see the sun, blocked as it was by clouds and rain. Other times, the ocean went eerily still, so that everyone peered over the railing with worry.
“Because it’s cute!” Molly said. “Greg and I saw them at an orientation thing our first year, like a week into classes.”
But doubt has abruptly seeped in again, and Sherlock suddenly wonders. Is this really how dates usually go? Surely John is expecting something… more. “You probably didn’t expect me to come simply to talk about your books.” He ducks his head. “I suspect you grow weary of discussing them with fans.”
John pushed hard against the man’s restraining hands once again, but cried out and fell back, both from the pain and from his anger. “You still wounded some of my men. I saw! They might be dead by now!” he gritted out.
He twiddled his mouse and moved the paragraph. She leaned forward and scanned it. “Oh,” she said. “You’re right!”
John’s hand lets go of his and moves up to cradle his cheek. “Happy New Year, by the way. I never actually said it aloud.”
“Who should I sign it to?” The familiar question rolls off his lips easily, but somehow it feels more meaningful this time. He’s never met a fan quite so dedicated, quite so willing to lug an entire armful of books to get them all signed, quite so handsome even when he blushes.
As they sat in silence and watched London go by, John thought back their first fight as a couple, which felt like eons ago now. It had happened a month or so into their relationship, long before they had even broached the subject of moving in together. He could not now recall what they had even argued about, but he knew that fight had also ended in slammed doors and sleeping apart. The next morning, Sherlock had shown up on his doorstep with a single coffee clutched in his hand, a plaintive expression on his face, and a soft apology on his lips. John remembered how Sherlock had tried to say it was okay if they didn’t date anymore, that he had just wanted to say sorry. He remembered how Sherlock had started to leave but how he, John, had grabbed his hand and pulled him inside. He remembered the kisses that had ensued and how when they’d broken apart, Sherlock had looked at him with such relief that John had wanted to bundle him up in an embrace so tight he’d never ever doubt John wanted him. He remembered the affection and protectiveness that had surged within him as he’d held Sherlock close.
John smiled, some of his anger fading in the wake of Sherlock’s quiet explanation. “That would be Greg Lestrade’s influence.”
So John stood next to him for a long while, neither speaking. At last, after the moon had tracked high in the sky and a cool wind stung his skin, John retired. Before he left, though, he reached up and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek.
“You killed him,” Sherlock breathed. “You saw his death as a chance at your own rebirth. And that’s when you stopped writing to me.”
Sebastian glared for a moment. “Winter was impertinent,” he murmured. “She needed to be shown her place.”
“Did he say what I think he did?” Ekene had asked. Sherlock, in his haste, had abandoned his usual awareness and neglected to sign his words for the man, or to face him fully.
He barely takes in the space within — a small foyer with a door to one side, coat hooks on the other, and a staircase ahead — before Sherlock comes to a stop. John looks up at him, smiling.
at the last moment. Sherlock may be not as bad as John had been expecting, but that hardly made him the trustworthy, moral saint Irene and Ekene seemed to see.
John sat back, exhaling in one long, slow breath. To think of how conniving and, in fact, evil, this company must be, to disregard the damage they inflicted  without an ounce of grief…
Angelo’s restaurant isn’t too crowded, and Billy seats them at Sherlock’s favourite table near the window. Best vantage point, but also the best view of the skyline and the charming shop fronts.
“I’m not-” Sherlock began, but his feeble protest was cut off in a soft gasp as Sebastian made a swift movement forward.
She leaned in and kissed his cheek. He smiled and shook her hand. “And I you. Stay out of trouble now.”
Ekene passed next, though he stopped and grasped John’s arm to bring him around so they faced each other.
He nods toward the stairs behind them, an unsure yet hopeful gesture. John kisses him again, lingering and gentle yet also clear in his wanting. “Oh God, yes.”
Sherlock pauses before replying, taking a moment to observe John. He’s now chatting amiably with an older man, who seems to not really know who this person is and why he’s sitting here writing in people’s books. Still, he appears to be enjoying the conversation, as does John. However, Sherlock does not fail to notice the way John has his knee pressed against Sherlock’s, gently but with enough pressure to be, without doubt, deliberate contact.
John managed a soft laugh at that. “I… I do want to ask you. And I definitely want to ask you soon.” He couldn’t tear his gaze away from Sherlock as he inhaled slowly. “Do…
“Sherlock,” John interrupted. “This is London. The tube can get you just about anywhere. I can get to a hospital in not much time.”
It took many boring, long, uneventful days of staying in the infirmary before John finally felt well enough to stay on his feet all day. The amount of blood he had lost, not to mention the bump on the head, had made him dizzy each time he had tried to stand.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded. “If you are to be part of this crew, at least for the time being, it is best you are trained in various forms of combat. We all need those skills, in this line of work.”
or relieved at Sherlock’s reference to the position being temporary. He settled for a confusing mix of the two. “So you’re offering to, what, train me?”
“I know it’s a lot,” John says. “I know you’ve never done this before. But if you think I’m worth it, if you think you can maybe come to trust me, tell me. You don’t have to open up, not all the way, not yet. Just tell me it’s possible. Please. Tell me that, and I’ll be patient. I’ll wait for you.”
“Ah,” John nods. “Good idea. Although actually, I was thinking I could cook us a meal here. I’ve got some chicken I really need to do something with.”
Watson let out a long breath, and again the chair shifted across the floor. “Listen… My parents are… I've always been their favourite. Harry and I have both known that for years. She's been a bit of a black sheep, and I... well, they're having a harder time wrapping their heads around my sexuality, since it's so new to them, and they've had this idea about me for so long... as the
“Everything alright?” John asks. The older man has wandered away again, but this time he is holding a paperback copy of John’s first book,
“That’s all,” she said. She leaped to her feet in a smooth move, then turned to tug Sherlock to standing as well. “Come on, you.”
He stood up and held out his hand for Sherlock. Sherlock hesitated a moment, eyes on the proffered hand, then shifting up to look into John’s eyes, so blue and soft now while they connected with Sherlock’s. A small smile played at the corners of the older boy’s mouth, and he twitched his fingers slightly, such a subtle move but it spurred Sherlock on nonetheless.
“Trust you to keep track better than me,” John smiled, though it was strained. “How did he get out? You don’t think he escaped, do you?”
“Well, of course,” Victor glanced between John and Sherlock, an eyebrow slightly lifted. “Is it to do with the
When they broke apart, John's chest was rising and falling, and not from laughter. Sherlock beamed at him, smugness written all over him.
“Look,” he says, trying to tread on neutral ground between giving up his argument and going on the offensive. “I don’t see why that should make you so guarded around me.”
“I waited, acted the part, like a good little prisoner. But I didn’t forget about you. When I got out, I wondered where to find you. I didn’t think you’d come to me.” He grinned, though it reminded Sherlock more of a tiger baring its teeth.
Irene looked up, however, and appraised John. Her icy blue eyes were sharp. “Well, he can untie these.” She scooped up the ropes in one go and tossed them upward into John’s arms. He caught them, staggering back a bit at the sudden weight.
Distracted, John watched as Victor reached James, who turned to greet him. They smiled at each other, then, to John's surprise, they began to speak. Sholto rubbed at the back of his neck, a sure sign to John that he was self-conscious. But whatever he said made Victor burst out laughing, the sound pealing across the waves, full of happiness. John felt his own lips quirk upwards; he had not yet heard the man laugh, and was glad to now, after all the man had been through. Sholto smiled at Victor, and even from a distance, John could see the softness in his eyes.
There was a long pause, and then the pirate sighed. “I ordered my crew to return after we gathered supplies-”
" 'Come here, handsome thing,' " John crooned, switching back to the fake voice, pulling Sherlock in by the collar of his teal shirt. " 'Give me a kiss, pretty.' "
“Listen, I really am sorry about James earlier. I know I apologized already, but… You should know he’s not usually like that.”
John settled against his chest, deciding to clean them up later. This was too nice to give up just to fetch a flannel.
John’s chest constricted, and he pulled Sherlock into a hug. “I’m sorry it took me so long. But… it is reality, now. You don’t have to just dream about this. I
Several of the spectators moved forward, yelling. John was distantly aware of Irene making for Winter, but he himself launched himself at Sebastian. His fist against the man’s face was oh so satisfying.
Amber looks surprised but bites down on a guiltily amused smile and retreats; the man turns an even deeper shade of red as he chuckles at his shoes.
John tried not to blush. “Not on purpose. It just sort of happened one day. They aren’t so bad here. You might be surprised.”
child. So I guess when I saw how they reacted to us, it startled me. I needed space from you to… figure out how I felt about that. But I should have explained that to you, and I’m sorry. I suppose I was just angry with you for how you handled it. I just couldn’t get that image of you yelling… yelling at my
And Sherlock revels in it. He leans back against John’s arm and enjoys the show. However, in the back of his mind, the desire to kiss John grows and grows. He
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “He's only concerned with what information I can give him about the Programme.”
Sherlock chuckled. As John opened his eyes and found him watching, his smile widened. “Hey, gorgeous.”
The resultant smile on John’s face spurred him forward. He kissed that smile, pressing forward eagerly. John kissed back, cupping Sherlock’s jaw and running his hand down his back.
The next day, afternoon light slanted in through the window as Sherlock tapped away at his laptop. John was gone, still at work at the hospital, so the detective knew he could research to his heart’s content without having to change out of his pyjamas or risk John walking in and seeing what he was up to.
"Okay," John sighed, though his face was still not unlike a beet. "So... do you think I could... try it again?"
Smiling at the easy camaraderie and confidence in their relationship they have developed, John turns back to his work. He’s hit a spot of writer’s block, and decided this morning to set aside the actual draft, and instead shift to finishing the outline for the third act of his story. He’s doing this by hand, because at this point, anything to get his creative juices flowing once more is welcome.
’s involvement in that despicable business. He immediately went to the London offices of the New Orient Trading Programme and spoke to his contacts there. He insisted they cease their operations lest he expose their fraudulent reports. For of course, the financial reports were fabricated, recording only profits earned by spices, textiles, tea, and other legitimate items and disguising or outright omitting the opium sales. With so many English nobles invested in the Programme, they could not avoid scrutiny, thus these doctored reports. My father threatened to give the evidence to his friends. Not surprisingly, the men of the Programme did not take this threat lightly.”
Sherlock shakes himself. Focus. “What time does your signing start?” He’s near the table, and nearby he can see a door with a sign that says “Authors, Agents & Publishers Only.” John must be right through there, and Sherlock feels a thrill.
Sherlock hesitates, his own gaze on their hands as well, and John continues. “You don’t have to share any of your writing, you know. You could just listen.”
“Wait, seriously?” John is saying into his phone as he paces back and forth across the sitting room. “That much?”
“Who knows?” John says casually, but Sherlock knows him well enough now to discern that he’s a bit nervous. “My signing’s at the same time as a few other events. Plus, there’s a couple of major authors speaking today, so…”
That expression makes John’s heart squeeze in his chest, makes him want to shift forward and wrap himself around Sherlock and assure him he is just utterly marvelous.
And then a huge something slammed into them both, from the side. And then, perhaps by some miracle, Sebastian’s weight and the knife were both gone. And then Sherlock could open his mouth and
John met his gaze. He reached out and took the sword from Sherlock’s hand. Their fingers brushed. John grinned.  “When do we start?”
*barely slides in to meet self-imposed deadline* Whew, made it! Thanks so much for reading! Chapter three will be up before the month is out! For now, if you have time and inclination to do so, please leave a comment and let me know what you think!
She stepped down the hallway, trying not to squeak in excitement, trying not to listen even as the door to Watson’s office opened again and his voice drifted down the corridor.
“He’s pretty tired,” Lestrade said. “He needs to go home and rest. Looks like he barely got any sleep last night.
Sherlock shakes his head, though he is still smiling. “They’ve known each other for years now. Always conspiring.”
“So how are you, sexy?” John asks then. Sherlock can tell he’s touching the screen, and absurdly wishes he could feel it through the distance between them.
“I…” John continued. “I actually am kind of bribing you, with all this. I bought one of those machine things… you know, you put the special k-cup gizmo in and it makes coffee or tea or cocoa and all?”
Sherlock watched him, wary yet somehow hopeful. That look was enough to assure John that this was right, that this was what they needed.
She shakes her head as she sets the tray down and straightens its contents. “Oh, I know. But don’t fuss, dear. The silly boy—” She jerks her head in the direction of the shower, “—wouldn’t eat much if it weren’t for me. He gets so focused on his work.”
Remembering earlier with the green chair, Sherlock takes his turn in pulling out John’s chair for him.
“It is not that I do not want you here,” Sherlock’s hand flapped. “But your wound is… not good. I have seen that before. A man, years ago, his wound looked like that. He didn’t… well.” he bit his lip. “You have to leave. No arguments. I am… concerned for you.”
Sherlock chuckled, and his countenance shifted into a decidedly teasing look. “Of course. After all, I was a pirate first.”
John looks up at him, at his smile, and finds himself marveling at the situation — he is the one blushing this time, Sherlock the one reassuring. John hopes he can continue to make Sherlock feel this way. Because the man may be new to all this, but seeing him at ease and confidently declaring his deductions gives John hope.
Now, against the just-closed door of the hotel room, Sherlock lets John press kisses to his mouth, face, neck. He grins, wraps his arms around John, and tilts his head back.
“Perhaps not,” he concedes. “Either way, it doesn’t matter. I… I am glad to have you in my life, even though I’m somehow defective.”
, however. John helped Molly treat his men, who were stubbornly avoiding contact with pirates whenever possible. Though he would have preferred genial cooperation, John found himself content with their isolationist choice, as it lessened the chance for confrontations or fights.
The evening had been surprisingly romantic too. Everything between him and Sherlock had gone smoothly, or at least as smoothly as things can go for a new couple. Their mutual declaration of being boyfriends seems to have injected Sherlock with greater confidence than before, though John wonders how long it will last.
This question pops up at the university’s holiday party, at a pub night with a group of John’s friends, and at a rather awkward lunch with Harry (thankfully sober, though John wondered if — hoped — it would last through the temptations of Christmas and New Year’s).
. He tried to distance himself from the norm, but only to guard his fragile, oft-stomped upon heart.
“I feel that this is a good time to tell you,” Sherlock murmured, gaze flicking down to the floor now, “that I’m… not a high-functioning sociopath. I’m not any type of sociopath, in fact.”
The pirate blinked. With his wide eyes and slightly parted lips, he looked as though he had never heard praise before. “You think so?”
That makes John grin. She’s almost as much of a fan as Sherlock, and it’s endearing. “It’s nearly there. The publisher is laying it out, and I’ll be getting a galley proof soon, to check everything over.” He feels a private thrill at the thought of the galleys going out soon, and his plan for one of them.
Sherlock smirked. “Not so much, in my estimation. Your lieutenant seems a sensible sort, which will be good for Victor, who was always a bit impulsive and energetic. Furthermore, they have both lost their ships, are both drifting. They will need someone else who understands what that is like. Though I confess myself surprised at Victor. His first love was always the sea.” Sherlock regarded John as he finished, hands in his pockets and a hopeful glint in his eyes. John merely nodded, and they fell silent.
“Sherlock Holmes,” he greeted. His head tilted to the side just slightly, watching Sherlock with an almost childlike interest.
John hesitates a second too long. Sherlock leans back, eyes widening. “You do,” he says, dread settling onto his chest like a physical weight. “You do think that.”
“Come on, dearest, wake up,” he murmured, his lips against Sherlock’s temple. His heart pounded. What if something were really wrong?
Watson nodded but said nothing. Molly glanced back and forth between them. Holmes’s hand, she noticed, was resting on his bag at his side, as if concealing something that poked out of the top.
“Well, your type is clearly brilliant, gorgeous writers. You could make sure you’ve got the choicest pick.”
, the ship that had wantonly murdered dozens of men, perhaps more. That crew had been the cause of Sherlock’s parents’ deaths, as well as the deaths of John’s men, Sholto’s men, and Victor’s crewmates. The thought of stealing onto the
The pirate considered him with a cocked head, still looking amused. “You have a point.”  John only scowled in response. How dare he continue to take this so lightly?
She and Ekene exchanged a glance. The three of them formed a triangle, Ekene leaning against the mast, Irene perched on a barrel, and John standing.
“Are you sure?” Molly asked outside on the lawn minutes later. “He really dodged a call from Holmes?”
The pirate tilted his head. “If I may finish…” John glared back, refusing to feel scolded. “After we finished with your ship, we pulled back, as did your men. I feared the fog would worsen. I do not know what happened to your ship after we parted.”
Sherlock twisted, but was still too weak to effectively shake the man off. Yet still he struggled. Then—even as he felt a line of warm blood trickle down his neck—he felt Moriarty stiffen as another voice replied.
Sherlock whirled, looming over him. Damn his height. The triumph and exhilaration sparkling in his eyes soon morphed into a quiet anger. “And what am I?”
He slid back down further under the covers and readjusted John’s arm so it draped across his chest. “Goodnight,” he murmured.
He scrambles up and departs, leaving a bemused John behind. Sherlock sets off down the street, his reflection on the café windows a rippling silhouette from the light rain that’s still falling.
“Come on, you,” John said when they had calmed down at last and could actually look at one another. “Let’s go.”
They all hesitated, staring at John. None seemed eager to break off from the group. He nodded, and a deckhand broke away to sling one of Sholto’s arms over his own shoulders. Together, he and Molly helped him get below.
Sherlock looked suddenly guilty. “My work does, on occasion, necessitate my sacking of Royal Navy ships, as they often take on NOTP cargo.”
“Ooh, yes,” John shifts in his seat, eyes widening with eagerness. “Your feedback was helpful, by the way.”
Lestrade peered intently into John’s eyes for another few moments, during which John tried not to squirm, then stood back to let him pass.
After all, he has not been kidding himself; the coffee date with John had been lovely. But also… well, it actually reminded him of a meeting of iodine and ammonia. Mostly harmless substances when considered individually, but after one brings them together, one wrong move invites breathtaking destruction.
Ten days of Watson being serious, far less cheerful. It was subtle — he was still friendly and an engaging teacher — but Greg had noticed. When not actively teaching, his face fell into something resembling melancholy. And yet there was no sign of his phone, no more dodging messages. Perhaps there were no more messages coming in?
John gave a frantic nod. “I… yes, I… maybe? I… I thought, I mean, I’ve been thinking about it for a while… but… I don’t know… this might not be a good idea. Bloody hell, what was I thinking?” He groaned and buried his face in his hands.
She slides her phone away. “Anyway, sorry to hold you up after class. I just, you know, wanted to make sure I wasn’t mad for thinking there was something odd about this.”
Moriarty spun, dragging Sherlock with him. John stood mere feet away, hand holding his pistol dangling at his side, his sword leveled at Moriarty’s eyes. His chest was heaving, but he still grinned that beautiful, exhilarated grin of a man whose plan had gone exactly how it was intended.
“What is it?” Molly asked, eager. Watson made his way to the small, cramped bookshelf against the wall and started to flick through thin books. Academic journals, Molly suspected.
“I told you, I’m proud of you and you deserve this.” Sherlock allows John to sit up, and they curl together against the headboard. “Now, who else is nominated in your category? I have to know, so I can investigate them and so prove that you are, in fact, the only acceptable winner.”
“Only because Sebastian cheated,” Sherlock corrected her. “Had it been a fair match, you would have prevailed.”
“What are you thinking, Sherlock?” he mutters, seconds too late. The message is already gone. No recalling it now. But why on earth would John want to go to dinner with him, when he’s probably got plenty of other things to do, plenty of other people to see? In fact, he could have other people he might want to date.
“And these are part of the apology, I assume?” Watson's voice was inscrutable. Was he still upset? Molly couldn't tell from just his tone.
Sherlock nodded and turned back to his own work. However, some of the disappointment he felt must have shown in his expression, because John hesitated before heading out the door.
He doesn’t sound so defensive now, and John sags in relief. “Okay. I made that thing with the peas you like. Come out if you want to eat.”
And later — when all thoughts of Shakespeare and sonnets and rhyming and syllables have retreated as far from their minds as possible — when they have pressed together as close as two people can be — when their fingers have interlocked and their breaths have started to come faster — they speak those words again. Three words, pressed into skin and hair and lips, over and over and over.
“I suppose I’d better go,” Sherlock frowns. He glances out at the street, where the rain has slowed to barely a sprinkle. “My lab is early tomorrow morning.”
She smiles back and returns to the register. John, meanwhile, leans back in his chair. He always prefers to have signings at smaller, independent bookstores instead of the larger chains; places like this feel more cozy and casual, more like a place he can really sit and chat with fans than a place just out to sell merchandise.
“Who says it isn't canon?” John says. “I'm not one to tell you that what you read in between the lines of a text is wrong. Besides, romance may not be the central theme of my books, but I think if he's anything, he's probably bi. Which is probably because aspects of my own self have seeped into the characters.”
He stumbled, pushed away from the ledge of the roof, and collapsed onto his knees several feet away. He felt light-headed, dizzy, and vaguely sick. His limbs shook, though he ignored everything else around him in favor of sucking in as much air as he could.
“If you understand me so well,” he hissed, “then tell me why you thought it was a wise decision to keep me alive? You know I will stop at nothing until you and your entire despicable organization have crumbled to nothing. Yet you fired only two rounds at the
Sherlock shifted. “Well, yes. Though I had neglected to eat as much as I apparently should have days before that.”
Hours pass, during which Sherlock paces a canyon into his floor, his mind racing in frustrated, worried circles.
John blinked. He had not expected to be allowed to move about, injured or not. But not one to reject a gift such as this, he stood carefully, right hand pressed over his left shoulder. He followed Holmes above, and squinted in the bright sunlight.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed. “You know nothing about me. You may have your ideas about pirates, but I assure you, we have bonds just as you-”
John found a spot, just above the collarbone, where a small freckle sat tantalizingly. He kissed it, then when Sherlock shivered, bit down on it lightly. Sherlock let out a veritable yelp in response, hands scrabbling at John’s back, his shoulders, his hips. John kept up his attentions on that freckle, though he was now smiling. He sucked on the spot he’d bit, laving his tongue over it. He’d never dreamed Sherlock would be so responsive, so sensitive.
He finally drags himself away and showers, starting to fret again that he hasn’t heard anything from Sherlock. When he emerges, wrapped in his warmest pyjamas, he tentatively steps into the bedroom.
“Showing you,” Sherlock’s words catch in his throat a bit, and he has to clear it before he can continue, “a piece of me.”
“Nothing,” John looks up with a smile that makes Sherlock want to melt into his embrace and never leave. “I  just don’t know that you’d have admitted that a few months ago.”
“What about you?” John murmured. “That’s your brother’s work. What of yours? How did you end up here?”
Sherlock felt as if he couldn’t breathe. His heart pounded in his ears, a roaring noise that blocked out all other sound. He couldn’t shift his gaze from the spot where Sebastian had been standing, watching them. He did not understand how he had been so stupid, how he had just assumed Sebastian could not, would not, find out where he lived. The man had already done so once back in the first year of uni, after all. How had Sherlock been such an idiot?
“I wouldn’t go back,” he murmured. “I think for me, instead of a second chance or some backwards sort of progress, it would be a regression.”
“Well, I was thinking…” John hesitates, realizing he hasn’t really planned what he was going to say. He’s only thought in the abstract, not the specific, about this conversation. “You know, we already spend pretty much all our nights together, and, er, the Jubilee Line’s handy from here, and—” He trails off, swallowing, his courage rather failing him. Why is this so hard? They love each other, they can cohabit without too much drama. Why is this so difficult to verbalize?
He stood at last, stretching his tired joints and turning. Sherlock's sleep was still undisturbed, but a sudden desire to protect him swept over John with a compelling, almost vicious force. So he reached for the blanket always draped across the back of his chair. He unfolded it, shaking it out a bit, then moved closer to Sherlock and draped the soft tartan across the man. John’s fingers tucked the corner behind Sherlock’s shoulders, smoothing the cloth as gently as he could manage.
John laughs and opens his mouth to reply when Mycroft interrupts. “Oh, please,” he groans. “Can we perhaps start your book club later? This is going to be tedious enough as it is.”
Sherlock raises his eyebrows. “I take it they weren’t good ones? Why would you do that to yourself?”
James appears to sense his distress, because his expression shifts more kind now. “What’s the issue you’re having? I’d be willing to take a quick look over the weekend. Maybe a second set of eyes would help?”
“No,” Sherlock protested. He tried to swing his legs around to stand, but John moved forward and pressed his shoulders so he could not move. Sherlock gave a sharp look, but blinked when he realized who was above him. “John.”
“I know,” he insisted in a soft but intense voice. “That is why I endeavour to simply rush in, seize the cargo, and escape. My crew are instructed to avoid killing when they have to. I would not knowingly harm an innocent.”
“So I have heard. But have you proof of this?” Sherlock asked sharply. “Have you witnessed these acts?”
“Going to finally get them?” Irene’s eyes lit up. “If what you think is true, that they’re key to the NOTP’s operations, they’re sure to have riches aplenty aboard.”
He whips his head up to find John beaming at him, half-risen from his chair. The fan he's just signed a book for has moved away, leaving a brief lull in the crowd.
Now, he rolled over and pressed his face into the pillow. Judging from the light outside, he had slept through the rest of the previous day and the entire night. Would John even be here still? If Sherlock were the one leaving, he would have done so at night, maybe left a note, but otherwise gotten away clean.
John stroked a hand across Sherlock's skin again. “That doesn't explain why you've taken me onto your ship.”
“Hey, I thought that was you!” A girl with light brown hair done up in a French braid steps over to their table, smiling at Sherlock. She carries a backpack on her shoulders, a takeaway box in her hands, and looks to be about Sherlock’s age. Clearly a fellow student.
Sherlock huffed. “I would have thought that after a full day, you would have been more open to explaining why you are so inexplicably angry about this.”
“John!” Sherlock snaps, exasperated. “Can we maybe continue this conversation face to face? You know I dislike phone calls.”
“Pathetic,” he spat. “Maybe I should play with you elsewhere,” he glanced around, as if aware for the first time that some of the buildings a distance away were taller than this one, that people in those windows might be able to see what was going on. “Nice spot for it, but I think some privacy would be better.”
. He could not explain it, and perhaps it was all in his head, but he had a strange inkling something was not right. They had missed something, overlooked a key fact, in making this impassioned plan. Driven by grief and revenge, they all had failed to notice one specific factor. John only wished he knew what it was, but for now something in his gut told him they had to act, had to get to Sherlock before something terrible happened to him.
“Wait,” John says, and the sound of his voice makes the women snap their mouths shut at once. He ignores them for the moment and plucks
if I should tell Lestrade or somebody, and Mycroft is out of the country still on that whatever-it-is trip, and…” He swallowed, his vision now swimming. “And I feel like I’ve been all alone, because you’re barely here, and… I don’t know. I’ve been too scared. I don’t know what I’m supposed to do to fix this.”
John swept his hair off his forehead and lifted his gaze to the helm. Sherlock sat there, a rather exasperated smile on his face.
“This book, Sherlock… I thought moving away from writing Sherrinford forever would be awful, you know? That change scared me, because I could always count on him. But now, with this new story, with Isabell, it’s… it’s so fun.”
Sherlock grins but is too busy with a mouthful of chips to articulate anything. They eat their way steadily through their meals, although the job of balancing the damp paper trays in their hands while tearing off bites of fish proves to be a little tricky and unwieldy at times. Eventually, they settle for feeding each other, finding that easier, and—at least for John’s part—more romantic.
He found Sherlock at the helm, having just relieved Irene. She passed John in the opposite direction, pausing to touch his good shoulder.
Molly strode into chemistry a few minutes before the start of class and was surprised to see Holmes had not yet arrived. She dropped her bag down and set up, tugging the microscope on the table close and adjusting its focus.
Sherlock let out a surprised huff of a laugh. "Of course it was," he replied earnestly, seeing John's shoulders sag in relief. "We've technically been boyfriends for weeks now."
Meanwhile, over in front of the signing table where no one knows the revelation practically vibrating within Sherlock, Ethan presses his lips together and shrugs. “Damn. Well, worth a try, right?”
She chuckles and lightly smacks his arm. “Just a quick breakfast, you silly boy. You’re far too thin. Besides, I hoped to catch your charming young man. I’ve never met a famous author before.”
But no. Sherlock may have never had anyone feel such things toward him, but now was not the time to allow his emotions to torment him. He had a job to do.
The infirmary was brightly lit as John approached. Within, he heard low voices and slowed to listen, not wanting to disturb Winter if she was sleeping.
Sherlock makes a disgruntled noise at that, and lets go of Mrs. Hudson in favor of stepping around the table to stand near John. He seems only mildly offended they are teasing him, though.
“Have a good weekend.” Watson smiled, though something about it seemed strained. Perhaps Holmes' sudden appearance...?
“John,” Sherlock breathed into this kiss. He kept making soft noises, mewling and moaning and sighing. It was intoxicating, all of this, and heat pooled in John until he
had done their job too well. The last round from the cannons, it seemed, had hit the remaining stores of the
raw intelligence—so why do you think you would have made so little progress all those years? It’s called misinformation, dearest Sherl. I couldn’t have you hurting my Programme, not after all the improvements I’ve made to the its operations. Father didn’t even think about getting into weapons, or servants. Such untapped resources, now at my disposal. No, no, I couldn’t not let you think you were onto something. So I insured your knowledge was at the bare minimum, so your impact on us was small. Cutting you off later was a minor risk.”
John glanced around to find Kitty Winter and Irene Adler standing with him, surrounding Moran. “Surrender,” Winter hissed.
"Right," John cut him off, crinkling his nose. "But still. This isn't the past few centuries, this is now."
He slipped away, leaving John staring after him and wondering at the realization that perhaps Sherlock Holmes did, in fact, have a heart.
Sherlock allowed her to drag him away, smiling. John watched, affronted. That was it? Relegated to a menial task and dismissed?
All at once, they were kissing. The contact was harsh, all tongues and teeth and gasps, so intense John let out a low groan. Sherlock pushed close, his hands clutching at John's shirt. Then, without warning, he jerked back.
Molly married a funny, gorgeous surgeon. Sherlock played the violin at the wedding, and this time, he did dance with John.
“Yep. Five stops all over the UK and Ireland, then one in… New York.” John sounds breathless, as if he doesn’t quite believe it.
Sherlock bit his lip, looking pleased as they moved to the center of the deck. “With pleasure, Captain Watson.”
He pauses, swallowing. Sherlock watches, a little on guard still. “I’m sorry, by the way,” John says. “I shouldn’t have pushed you last night. I shouldn’t have dumped all this on you suddenly. I should have been better about talking with you the last two months. This is not all your fault; it’s mine too.”
“And where did you go today? I thought you didn’t have class today. Or wait, what day is it? Tuesday?”
Glad to put off the inevitable gushings of smothering praise, John darts away, holding up a finger to Amber the clerk to signal he’ll be back as he rushes outside.
The look of relief that entered Sherlock’s eyes beckoned John forward to hug him close. Sherlock leaned into the embrace, sighing contentedly.
Sherlock froze, heart pounding. If he were perfectly honest with himself, he was not sure why. “I… don’t know. I guess it didn’t seem like an urgent thing to do, because I didn’t realize he really was following me.”
, its black sails filled with wind, its red sails still rolled up. As the pirates watched, it slid away, eventually melding with the dark skies and disappearing.
He then whispered in Sherlock’s ear, breath condensing on Sherlock’s cheek. “By the way, Sherlock, really? Your taste appalls me. You could do much better.”
Sherlock had felt his homeless network idea had been quite brilliant. Such an overlooked, anonymous population would have the ability to notice things no one else would, would know London’s secret places better than anyone, would be observant. The perfect, practically invisible force all for his own.
“You wouldn’t be,” John says, swallowing back his disappointment and nodding. “But okay. Can I see you again soon, though?”
He felt a surge of anger as he stared at the empty side of the bed, a surge which caused him to bite down hard on his lip in an attempt to suppress it. Yet he was not even sure which person he was angrier at…
“No, I don’t think so,” Molly replied. “I mostly just wanted to hear what you thought of it, Professor.”
“Don’t worry,” John says. “It was on sale online, and the extra embroidery was free. Still, it has good reviews, and it’s genuine leather, so…”
More than that, he has used it without thinking, as if it’s a word that is easy to take for granted. Yet he and John have never used it. He has never before considered this, but now the absence of the word in their lives feels visceral, painful.
“It doesn't always work,” she sighed. “Too many uptight boring teachers around here, too busy flipping through the latest academic journal to have any fun. However, some don't mind my... compliments-” Molly rolled her eyes a bit at this, though Janine and Mike smirked. “-and are willing to give me an extension or a few bonus points. But Holmes, well.”
He sat down at the desk and tugged the maps spread across it towards him. They were days from land, assuming the weather cooperated. The
“Watson!” a voice screamed, and a hand seized his arm. John whirled to find Victor Trevor’s wide eyes inches from his face.
“You could have told him, but you didn’t. What an awful boyfriend. You always were a freak, a loner. No wonder you didn’t tell him about me. You weirdo, you wanted to deal with me all on your own, didn’t you?”
John chuckles. “None taken. But surely there’s something else you could do with the chem degree? Other avenues?”
, but a bit longer too. Sleek and strong. Just how John imagined a pirate ship to look. Well, without the tattered sails, filth, and death…
As she left the laboratory, she noticed the professor step away from the student and make his way to her former lab partner to examine her work. Molly watched as he began explaining something to her, and was surprised to see the girl's pout fade. She was actually listening. Maybe she would end up having an alright time in this lab after all.
John’s lips part; he looks adrift, and Sherlock marvels at how the day has devolved so quickly into this.
Two weeks later, they went to the registry office, bringing Lestrade, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, and Sherlock’s parents. Rosie wore a purple dress and grinned the whole time. They all went to Baker Street after, and laughed when Rosie insisted she join the first dance with her fathers.
The phrase was echoed by the rest of the crew, and John watched in satisfaction as a slight glow bloomed across Sherlock’s cheeks.
“So what happened?” John asked once they had quieted. His hands stroked slowly up and down Sherlock's sides. “To the
were escaping as well, many diving straight into the water or crashing their own longboats into the sea with abandon.
“Ah,” Moriarty put on an exaggeratedly-impressed expression, brows high and eyes wide. “You’ve figured it out, have you?”
John half-smiles. “No. I enlisted when I turned eighteen. I felt as if I couldn’t let him down, that it would be a betrayal he’d never get over.”
whether it be in appeasing tottering old aunts at family reunions or in flattering pretty young women and men at pubs. John Watson’s smile, when deployed strategically, is nearly impossible to resist.
“Well... we’ve been together for two months now, and yet…” he shrugs. “I don’t know much about you. You know, the real stuff.”
By the time the diplomas are being distributed, Mrs. Holmes is sniffling next to him. She takes John’s hand for a moment, and he squeezes back. When Sherlock’s name is called, and he crosses the stage to receive the diploma and handshakes, John himself feels his eyes getting wet. He surreptitiously brushes the tears away, and applauds louder than anyone.
He crashed their mouths back together once again, hands tugging and pulling and gripping every bit of Sherlock that was in reach. Finally they stopped, their foreheads pressed together and eyes closed as they breathed themselves back to calm.
But Ekene had arrived, a compass in his hand. He leaned over the railing to watch the sea in front of them, flicking between the water and the compass. His fingers jabbed and stabbed the air with urgency, expression intense and determined. Sherlock turned and twitched the wheel in response to Ekene’s instructions, and John realized the man was guiding his captain around the reefs.
John sighed, leaning into Sherlock's side. "We were, I'm sorry. I just want to be clear with you. Other than that first kiss - which I'm still sorry about, by the way - I won't kiss you, or... anything, unless you specifically ask you to."
But Sherlock darts for the bookshelves, laughter bubbling involuntarily out of him as if from a burst tap. John cries out and moves to intercept him. A brief, giggle-ridden struggle ends seconds later with Sherlock pressed between John and the shelf, his wrists pinned shoulder-level against the wood.
But John’s fingers were fiddling with the edge of the sheet, his eyes soft and sad and so apologetic. Sherlock watched, wondering. “I shouldn’t have blamed you. Yeah, you hid what was going on from me, but…” He swallowed. “It’s not like I haven’t been making mistakes too.”
When they break apart, John stays near. His lips brush against Sherlock’s cheek and chin as he speaks. “I’m falling for you. Every bit of you,” he whispers. “No one else has anything on you, Sherlock Holmes. I’m hoping to make you see someday that you aren’t defective, and that you do deserve to be cared about.”
“On the other hand, their attacks have shown a pattern. The attack on Sholto’s ship was the first. According to reports I received in the Cape, his crew witnessed the
The nearest fan waves it off, moving forward to have her book signed. Sherlock settles back into his chair, feeling only a bit less out of place than he had at the bookstore. Still, John’s joy at Sherlock being here is palpable and infectious. Sherlock’s mood lifts a bit over the next hour as John’s calming, grounding presence washes over him.
Everything was needier this time, desperate. Sherlock clutched at John, dragging him in, and John gasped at the sensation of Sherlock’s tongue, questing for the inside of John’s mouth. His lips parted, and they both groaned as their tongues met.
The last surviving Holmes brother looked immaculate and perfectly sober. He gave John a tight-lipped smile. “I merely wanted to offer my congratulations. This is a high honor, Captain Watson.”
John grins. “You know this one’s in the same series, right?” He hefts Sherlock’s new purchase, sparing it a fond glance before redirecting that same look at the man himself. It has been several years since he has written a Sherrinford novel, and it has been—strategically—marketed as a mystery with Sacker at the center. The fact that Sherrinford is back has been a guarded secret. John had had to fight for that one, wanting the man’s return to be a surprise, rather than a publicity boost. The publisher had eventually relented to his continual insistence, and John now gets a thrill every time he sees someone walk off with
This is why, he supposes, the poetry comes so naturally to him. Sometimes, the words seem to rush through him effortlessly. Writing them down gives him a chance to think, and adjust meanings and connotations. And now he would much rather be having this conversation on paper instead of with a real, flesh and blood, engaging person like John Watson.
He has a rather pleasant chat with a pair of university students about his books and characters. They are kind and insightful and polite, the ideal fans. He gladly signs and personalizes their books, thinking they might be the best fans he will meet all day. However, after they finish their conversation with John and wander off to browse through the shelves, he hears a crash and several thumps.
Sherlock blinked. And blinked. His heartbeat had sped up. John wanted to meet him? John… thought he was lovely?
“Stop,” he snaps, and John’s thumb freezes. His eyes go wide in surprise at Sherlock’s sharp tone. “I don’t know what I’ve been thinking, with all this.” He gestures between them with his free hand. “Because I don’t know what you feel this is, but…” he sighs, shoulders slumping. “This isn’t me, this quiet, soft… whatever you think I am.”
She grinned at Ekene, then waltzed away. “Come get something to eat, you two!” she called over her shoulder.
A moment’s hesitation passed, then John moved. He bent down, prodded at the fire with the poker, and dropped a new log atop the smoldering embers. The wood caught, and a new flame climbed to spread its warm light across the flat. John stayed on his knees a moment, warming his hands and listening to the soft crackling and popping of the flame-eaten wood.
But what was Sebastian planning? Were they perhaps empty threats? Sherlock had been tired, after all, and probably over-thinking everything about the situation last night. Sebastian couldn’t know where he was… He’d moved to Baker Street now, he was in all different classes. There was no way Sebastian could find him too easily.
“What do you want, Sebastian?” Sherlock asked. He made sure to keep well out of arm’s reach, even as he approached the man. He got about ten feet away then stopped, watching warily.
John stiffened. “What? I mean, unless…” His eyes widened and flashed with fear. “Unless you… don’t want…? Of course, I understand, I mean. I can’t exactly expect you to forgive me. I should just-” He stepped away from the bed, back toward the door.
“Someone hurt you,” he murmured. “I had suspected. They are the reason you are avoiding this, aren’t they?”
Sherlock scoffed. "You're..." He sat up and scanned John's face with his keen eyes. "Nervous. What's the matter?"
At one point in the afternoon, while John sat with Winter and Ekene, exchanging seafaring stories, Irene had found him and taken him aside.
Almost immediately, his anger from the previous night flooded back in force. Flashes of memory appeared before him—lightning lancing across the sky, Sherlock standing strong and beautiful and terrible at the helm, the Dutch ship sinking, sinking, sinking…
With a word of thanks, he took the water from Molly and set to daubing Sherlock’s forehead with it. The swoon had drained his face of the slight color he had… well, worked up, and he now looked deathly white in the dim light. Were he not stirring, more strongly now, he could have been a corpse.
“You’re much prettier than James, you know,” he comments into Sherlock’s neck. “And cleverer, and better.”
He rolls over lazily and opens his eyes. Sherlock isn’t there, having got up a short while ago. He’d half-woken John with a kiss to the cheek and a whisper of greeting, but John had drifted back asleep almost instantly. Now, he assumes only ten minutes or so have passed; he can hear the shower still running in the next room.
John sighed and rolled over, and his shoulder gave a sharp twinge in response. He had spent years of his life yearning for travel. Then, after joining the Navy, he had watched the world go by over the prow of a ship and still not been satisfied. Yet in all that time he had never imagined that he would find meaning and a kindred spirit in a pirate.
Over the next hour, a rather steady trickle of people wanders in, likely coming from the market or a nearby restaurant. He has two hours here for the signing, strategically scheduled to catch the post-lunch crowd, and is glad to see that it is proving to be a wise decision.
“Lieutenant, I assure you,” the man said. John felt gratified to hear his voice had taken on a slightly strained note. “You ought not to follow through with the action you so dearly wish to take in regards to my arm.”
Sherlock purses his lips. “I read other things besides your books,” he asserts, but the claim sounds halfhearted.
“And we’re in a relationship.” Sherlock wants to say it like a statement, but it comes out far too questioning for his liking. John seems to pick up on it too.
Sherlock stilled. “That’s why you stopped responding to my letters. You weren’t just out of contact, you vanished from
John cannot move. He cannot even remember the last time he moved. Maybe he has always been here, frozen with shock.
He felt hands pushing him back to the center of the ring and knew he must have staggered farther this time. He clenched his teeth. A pirate would not beat him, he promised himself.
“Don’t mistake what I’m about to say for me being okay with what you did,” John replied without preamble, as though he had rehearsed it in his head several times before. He took a breath. His eyes were still icy and upset, and in the low light of the disappearing sun, he looked even angrier than his voice sounded. “I’ll help you, assuming you’re actually going to do something to get Sebastian out of your life.”
John smiled and lifted his wine in salute. “Thanks, Greg, but I fear if I tried to dance near you I’d be wounded.”
“Well,” Moriarty said. He yanked the sword out—John cried out as it exited his body—and examined the blood streaked on the metal. “I guess this is goodbye, little sailor.”
“Okay, but the really intriguing question isn’t what Holmes did to make Watson so upset,” Janine cut in. “It’s why the actual hell Holmes has lockpicks.”
And then — John emerges from the door and takes a seat. He waves at the fans, who give him a quick round of applause. Sherlock waits at the back of the line, patient only because of the reaction he hopes John will have.
The man coughed again and drank more deeply. “Thank you, Captain Watson. You’ve saved my life, I suspect.”
“And then we’d have sunk them,” the other laughed. The men gathered yelled and thumped their fists on the tables in agreement.
They make tea and start a fire in the fireplace, then kneel by the tree that stands in the corner of the room.
Sherlock scrambled, flailing his arms in a desperate attempt to get to the surface. If only he knew which direction to swim.
“I know what a love bite looks like, Greg Lestrade. And I know what a laboratory-caused burn looks like. Therefore, I know what I saw. And what I saw was a love bite.”
Once Sherlock recovered from his shock at the book set, he snogged John rather enthusiastically, and they lay on the floor by the tree for a long while, celebrating. Then, once the hard surface was no longer comfortable, they migrated to the sofa. Sherlock marveled over the books while John set up his tablet.
“Why don’t you tell me what’s on your mind, then?” John prompted. He crossed his arms and regarded Sherlock, challenging.
The term elicits quite an endearing reaction from Sherlock: he bites down on his lower lip and looks down and away. The innocent shyness of that move makes John squeeze the man’s hand and nudge his shoulder lightly.
Almost done! I'm very excited for some of the things happening in the next chapter, and I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I!
She stood, swung her bag over her shoulder, and made to depart. At the last moment, however, she paused and looked back at Greg.
“Thank you, Captain Watson,” Victor opened his eyes and caught John’s gaze again. “And in the morning, will you tell me of Sherlock?”
“Not even close,” John chuckles. “If I recall correctly, it was some awful adventure tale involving a… tiger, I think? Or a lion. I’m not even sure anymore. It’s been a long while since I’ve even thought about that. Like I said, it was rubbish.”
—Moriarty crowed, triumphant and gleeful, his eyes gleaming with giddy malice. “Here is your last chance. Join me, and all this need not happen.”
“It’s kind of absurd, you know,” John says, drawing Sherlock’s attention back to him with a gentle kiss to his fingers. “I know this event is only a couple days, but I still missed you.” He ducks his head, but Sherlock tilts it up again.
“You couldn’t have,” Sherlock shrugs. He sets the mugs and kettle aside, frowning. “Though now I think about it, it might have been that kettle,” he nods at an older, copper kettle sitting — for some reason — on the bookcase in the sitting room.
Sherlock’s eyes were sparkling with green-blue excitement. “We have no chance to surviving, let alone succeeding in destroying them, if they can use their weapons.”
John retrieved the cup of water he had procured earlier and helped the man take a sip. “I am Captain John Watson, British Royal Navy. This is the
“Well as can be, given the circumstances. Listen,” he held her gaze. “Thank you. Your crew saved our lives.”
He gagged as he attempted to force his fingers between his own neck and Sebastian’s arm. He had to get away, before he lost consciousness or his balance, or Sebastian let the knife move. They were teetering, and Sebastian was yelling something, and Lestrade was yelling back. John too was speaking, angry and tense, but Sherlock could barely hear anything anymore over the roaring in his ears, the pounding of his heart, and the gasps of his mouth. He couldn’t get enough air, though soon, if he really did go over that roof, he would have far too much of it.
Still, somehow, Sherlock cannot help but feel surprised at being singled out like this. He moves forward. “Me?” The question is out before he can stop himself.
. He both wants to stay here in this beautiful shop, surrounded by words and John’s gentle touch, and also to be somewhere alone, so that he might be entirely enveloped by the remarkable man beside him. This contraction thrills and frightens him in equal measure: what a power John seems to hold over him. Sherlock has never taken a risk like this, and he wills himself not to physically tense at the thought, and at the strange exhilaration the thought carries with it.
Sherlock nodded, not quite believing it yet but glad of the support nonetheless. Lestrade released him and gestured for him to pull up a chair next to him. They both sat, facing the computer screen.
“We’re not making port yet,” Sherlock replied, even as his fingers flew to give instructions to Ekene. John marveled at his ability to literally speak in two languages at once. “We’re going to wait just out of sight until nightfall, then head in. John, any of your men who wish to find a different berth are welcome to depart. We will resupply and then leave as soon as we are able. I’d rather not be within sight of the port at dawn.”
“Of course I didn’t kill you. I’d not finished with you quite yet, lovely thing,” Moriarty murmured. “Why do you think I followed you here? I wanted to see how far you’d get. I must admit, you have done more than I expected. But now, you’re just proving rather a disappointment, getting caught so easily. Yet annoyingly you’re maybe a teensy bit of a threat. And we can’t have that, can we?”
When the morning arrived, John didn’t want to open his eyes. This bed was too comfortable, too warm, too full of Sherlock. Why would he ever want to move?
John smiled and rolled onto his side, reaching out for Sherlock without opening his eyes. “And good morning to you too.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, amusement saturating his voice. He lifts his head to meet John’s gaze, and beneath the desire in his expression, John thinks he can discern a thread of insecurity. “Would you like to come up?”
Sherlock tapped hard, his shaking hands betraying the tension thrumming through him. After sending the text message with a hard jab of his index finger, he turned off his phone and turned back to his work.
To John’s astonishment, Sherlock was starting to smile, all traces of shock gone. “You’re right. I hardly think an engagement ring is my style,” he said, lifted his left hand, and examined it idly, as if he weren’t discussing one of the most important topics in the world. “Although, when we get married, we can have rings. Those I won’t mind.”
He manages to add a few notes regarding the plot of the second half of his new novel, which has so far been mostly question marks and vague fragments of sentences. However, something about sitting in this charmingly higgeldy-piggeldy space has helped. Now, he has a better idea of where the story will go before the end.
A skull, a bone, and a heart, the latter drawn with the anatomical knowledge of either a surgeon… or a scientifically-minded pirate.
Victor regarded him. “I think so. For whatever the thoughts of his old friend who hasn’t seen him in years counts for.”
"That was..." Sherlock found himself stammering. If this was what kissing John was like, he cursed himself for not doing it sooner. "... good."
“But you should know,” he continues, “this is new to me too. The relationships I’ve had in the past… they never made me feel as intensely as I do for you.”
He turned. Sherlock stood there, practically glowing under the moonlight. He cocked his head at the space next to John. He still wore the blue headscarf across his forehead, and John wondered at the reason. He’d thought Sherlock loved his curls; why keep them pushed down?
He'd just found a place, with food, which was probably a good idea - John would certainly be hungry, and even Sherlock was a touch peckish by now - when he heard his name called.
John nodded. “A bit, but… I guess I have some things to work on in this relationship to make it good, don’t I?”
“We took a vote, Captain,” Maddox said. “Some of the pirates told us what the plan is, that they’re after the bastards who sunk us. We want to help.”
Despite his terror, his pounding heart, his eyes that were beginning to water, Sherlock felt anger surge up within him at the words.
In response to Sherlock’s enthusiasm, John seems to be emerging from the stunned state the phone calls have left him in. His lips tug upwards. “Yeah, yeah… I am. I just… can’t quite believe it. I thought I’d just be a minor author of middling fame at best. This is… a lot all at once.”
“Because I suspect they know I am after them,” Sherlock explained with a proud smile. “I have been chasing them ever since receiving their description. And if they don’t know of me by now, I’ve done a poor job intimidating them.”
His forehead creased. “Lieutenant, I confess myself baffled. Since you have been on my ship, my crew and I have been nothing but civil to you. We have not threatened you, we have tended to your wound, and we have let you move about freely.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “It was the nudge I needed, the revelation of an aspect of the essay’s subject I hadn’t explored yet. I think it made the overall paper stronger. You may not be a particularly luminous genius, John,” he says and meets his gaze, “but you’re intelligent in your own right. And you’re excellent at stimulating genius in others.”
“Why would he do that?” Her brow scrunched up, her mouth twisting in a moue of concern. “You don’t think they had a fight, do you?”
John did not hesitate; he reached up and seized a line, loosening it from its anchor. “James,” he called.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s focus on this conversation slips a bit when John tangles their legs together, but he wrestles it back. “Stupid concept, that. Who speaks like that, with all that stressed and unstressed nonsense?”
Sherlock couldn’t move as he listened to the footsteps, a familiar echoey cadence approaching. John appeared in the doorway, and his eyes alighted on Sherlock instantly.
John brings their lips together in a soft kiss. Sherlock can taste his restrained passion, though, and kisses back with fervor. John’s hands reach around to tangle in his hair, and Sherlock wraps his arms around John, savouring the feeling of his body so close.
John shifts in his chair, glad it is a soft seat for once. At his first signing, a few years before, he had felt rather shoved to the side in the large bookstore in central London, placed in a stiff-backed metal chair and left alone by the employees for the duration of his signing. Since then, he has searched for different, more welcoming venues. This shop is one of his favorites, and today marks his third signing with them.
“Anyway, I was utterly terrified. I’d never done public speaking like that before, but I agreed. Did a series of presentations about writing mysteries, how to craft a good crime and solve it without being too obvious, that kind of thing.”
How unexpected. Who would want to speak to him? Especially after his deliberately off-putting profile.
He struck the wood again and gasped. Something in his arm seemed to give, and an ominous popping sound sent white-hot agony lancing through the limb. He cried out, even as his body was dragged along, catching on barnacles. He clung desperately to the rope with his one good arm.
They faced off, but before John could make firm his hold on his sword, Irene was moving. Her weapon collided with his, sending vibrations up his limb. He winced and pushed her sword away, staggering slightly. She waited for him to right himself, then stepped forward again. This time, her thrust sent his sword high, arm jerking with it as he fought to keep his grip. Damn, she was strong.
“Hey,” he murmurs. Sherlock turns to him, a somewhat worried expression on his face. However, John’s next words—“I had a lovely time with you today”—erase that look in an instant.
“It’s rather brilliant, yes,” Sherlock smirked. “There are at least two levels of deception, I think. The
. “But there’s one thing I don’t understand. If the red sails are their signature, why did they not drop them when attacking us?”
He began pacing the length of the ship again, exchanging only a few tense words with the man at the helm. Both were hoping against hope that the fog would not intensify.
Certainly, Sherlock knows where John hides the draft — under layers of codenamed folders on his laptop — but he would rather not risk his relationship over something he
So Sherlock is keeping his expectations low. He is a mere uni student, and a socially inept one with a strange horse-like face and an inability to keep his mouth closed at that. John, on the other hand, is a successful published author with an actual fanbase. What appeal can Sherlock truly hold for him?
“Yes,” Sherlock’s oceanic eyes flickered with faint irritation. “While I may not have preemptively approved of your presence on my ship, I cannot deny the potential usefulness your knowledge could be, now that you are here.”
He smiled, grateful. “I think many of them do. Scratches, bullet grazes, that sort of thing. Victor Trevor as well. Thank you.”
Sherlock couldn’t remember the last time he had felt this alone. He was on his side, facing the empty half of the bed, one hand resting on the place John should have been. But John had already left hours ago, rushing off to class and leaving Sherlock alone, without even bothering to wake his boyfriend to tell him goodbye. Instead, Sherlock had awoken some time later to find the bed already cold on that side, and he had been lying there ever since, thinking.
Sherlock emits a funny noise, something between a squeak and a groan. John ignores him, though, not seeing the harm in explaining. “We met at a book signing. You know of the Sherrinford and Sacker books?”
“Oh... okay,” he steps away, but turns back to look at his... companion? Is it too early to call him a boyfriend? Or... whatever people call people they date? He had neglected to describe him as anything yesterday, with Molly, and so he is still uncertain about the terminology. “I'll find you in a bit,” he says.
Moriarty raised his eyebrows. “You are still trying to save your sweetheart? Oh, dearie, please. You can’t. I’ve won.”
Lestrade’s severe look faded somewhat and morphed into an expression of concern. “Again?” he echoed. “What do you mean, again? Who’s after you?”
“God, I was so worried I’d lost you,” John said. He hugged Sherlock close, burying his face in the curve Sherlock’s neck. “I am so sorry, Sherlock, I’m so sorry.”
The other crew was firing their weapons at the longboat that had just reached the surface. The men on it fought back, but one by one, they fell.
Sherlock ducks his head. “I’m glad. They’ve been dying to meet you. I'm pleased it went well. Though I’m also pleased to be shot of them for now. My parents are pleasant enough, but I can tell you’ve wanted to get me alone all day...”
“Against criminals? Yes, I am!” John stepped closer, getting in Sherlock’s face. He had had enough. He was in pain, trapped on a ship he had no desire to be on, and this man was behaving as though
Now, Sherlock bites his lip against a smile. “I’m not jealous.” It would have sounded like a defensive retort were it not for the look in his eyes — shy yet sincere.
“I will work to convince them further, John,” he murmured, a hand on his shoulder. “They will come around.”
“Of course,” Moriarty’s eyes were lurid in the orange light. “And I knew you were nearby, tracking this ship.”
“You want to keep fighting? Or do you want to avoid pain for a while? I won’t have to hurt you if you don’t make me.”
Why was he the only one who could see how badly Sherlock had handled this? Why wasn’t Lestrade even upset about Sherlock breaking into his computer?
“No,” Sherlock said. He had appeared on the edge of attack when he had first arrived, but now that he was facing Sebastian he seemed in control, composed, in his element. But also quietly livid. John could not tear his eyes away.
“Hi,” Sherlock breathed. He flinched at the sound of his voice, all hoarse and croaky. Speaking hurt a bit. Damn Sebastian…
“I don’t want to break up with you either,” he said, breathless. “I… I want to fix this. I should have told you about Sebastian, and I’m sorry about that, but I was scared and didn’t know what to do. And you left me alone, and that hurt, but I still… I still want you.” It all flooded out in a rush, leaving his chest heaving and his heart aching.
“Right,” John laughs. “Anyway, leaving the King aside, I can’t afford to just live off the money I make off my novels. Most writers actually have other day jobs, believe it or not.”
To comments such as those, John would always ask what he was to do with such information. Mycroft always replied in an irritatingly cryptic manner.
“Utterly unremarkable,” the man said, with a vague gesture toward John’s general person. “When you examine the mere surface. Beneath, on the other hand… I suspect you are full of surprises.”
Right. John shook his head to clear it and began to follow the boy down. He did not have much time for introspection, not when there were mysterious occurrences afoot. He had come to the western edge of Wales for a week only, to escape the constricting nature of life with the retired old captains of the Royal Navy. London was fine, but needless to say, a week’s vacation would surely do him good.
Sherlock sucks in a startled breath as he peers inside. “John…” He reaches inside and extracts the new leather shoulder-bag. It’s formed of smooth, black leather with one large compartment as well as two smaller ones on the front. Inside is another, more hidden zippered pocket. The strap is thick and sturdy but flexible, as are the sides of the bag—where the old one had split. On the front flap, John had had an ornate “S” embroidered.
John tilts the phone so Sherlock can read the screen as well. It’s a form letter, though it is addressed to Kitty by name. The letter notes that the company is aware of her recent publication in the university’s literary journal and would love to publish more of her work. It goes on to list the benefits this would give Kitty, including official credibility, a good advance — though the amount is not mentioned — and a quality bound book.
He turned his head so he could see Sherlock’s face. He was flushed, eyes downcast, uncertainty radiating off of him in waves. John leaned up to kiss him, cradling his jaw, trying to pour his affection into it.
“No worries.” He felt his smile slowly returning. “But hey, even while you’re not spreading it around, if you happen to hear of anyone up for a date…”
The text from Dr. Willner had felt like a blessing from on high, and John dashed out of there, a mixture of relief and irritation fighting for dominance, leaving him confused and upset.
John spots Sherlock the moment he appears in the window outside the cafe, and his heart leaps in his chest. Like a lovestruck fool, really, he reflects as he shakes his head at himself. The chemistry student is still carrying that old bag, despite the long ragged tear in the side. To compensate, Sherlock is clutching a textbook and two notebooks in his arms, his other hand holding the split bag shut.
“Sorry,” she grimaces. “I had an absolutely awful migraine. I couldn’t move from my bed all day. Did it go alright, though?”
John sighed. He had an inkling this conversation would rapidly become circular. “Listen. I can’t tell you how to feel about this, but I can tell you this isn’t the best way to deal with it,” he gestured to the bottle dangling at Sholto’s side. “This crew is small. And you fought well with us last month. We could use your expertise. You could find a family here. I did.”
He could feel eyes on him, even as he moved farther and farther from his ship, his home. Someone watched, and he did not have to look back to know who it was.
He shifted and recaptured Sherlock's lips with his own. Sherlock moved to reciprocate immediately, fingers gripping John's body wherever they could reach.
The kiss lasted forever, or so it seemed to John. For a long time, he let himself be lost in the feel  of it — the sensation of Sherlock’s mouth sealed over his, of their hands on each other’s faces and shoulders and necks, of the calm intimacy that blossomed, certain and irrevocable, between them.
. "But I'd much rather like to have some space on the blankets too, not just look at you being all comfortable. So budge over."
Sherlock takes an age finding the right response. He stares into his own lap, where his hands clasp together in a viselike grip.
was clean, unexpectedly so. It was a schooner, with sails of a dark gray shade, the color evocative of the clouds from the previous night. The vessel was slimmer than the
One by one, they nodded with varying degrees of reluctance and skepticism. As John strode away—it was the best he could hope for, he figured—Sholto joined him.
Winter and Sebastian’s weapons remained immobile in the air for several tense seconds. Then, a ringing clash as the first contact set off the duel.
“And that time I went in for office hours and Watson was in there... sitting on the corner of his desk!” Janine added, grinning.
The pirate’s sudden touch on his hand was warm and steady. “Stop that,” he ordered. “I don’t believe touching that injury much just now would be beneficial.”
Sherlock takes his time reading — John can tell by the speed of his eyes — but it seems like actual days have passed by the time he reaches the end of the document and lowers the lid of the laptop. He turns to the side to face John, and laughs when he fixes his gaze upon him.
His fingers brushed against Sherlock again, along his jaw to his cheek, which he cradled. A sly, vindictive smile made one side of his lip quirk upward, and his grip tightened on Sherlock.
Instead of replying with words, Sherlock slowly and deliberately lifts a full spoonful to his mouth, not taking his eyes off John. A second later, however, he starts coughing into a napkin.
Moriarty’s bright brown eyes widened in shock, even as his body appeared to fold in on itself and crumple to the deck. “You-” he choked out. But the red stain on his shirt was expanding rapidly around the hilt of the sword, the blood saturating the fabric. His hands lifted, shaking, to grasp at the injury, as if that small pressure would cure him. His eyes moved to meet John’s gaze, his mouth formed soundless words, his fingers began to grapple more and more weakly.
“Well, speaking of idiots, I used to be an even bigger one. I had a crush on a boy in school who turned out to be the straightest male imaginable. Talk about embarrassing. You know fifteen year olds can’t be subtle.”
In answer, John shifts his chair closer, pulls Sherlock in by the dressing gown, and snogs the sweet, sticky marmalade right off his boyfriend’s lips.
Those words, those inconceivable words, made Sherlock focus, notice, and deduce. Under the sudden scrutiny, John’s fingers moved through his hair, which, Sherlock now noticed, was messy and unkempt as if John had ruffled it several dozen times in the last few hours. There were dark bags under his eyes, too. All in all, this was someone scared and anxious. Over Sherlock.
hot,” he smiled, leaning his sword against the helm. His fingers were nimble as they moved to unfasten the buttons of his shirt. He shrugged it off, tossed it to the side, and ran his fingers through his hair. John could not help but let his eyes roam over the man’s form. His skin was a darker on his arms than on his torso, which was pale as fresh cream. He was lean but muscular and bore few blemishes. One gash on his side, a scar several years old, looked like that of a bullet graze. A few other marks stood out, but Sherlock turned to face him again, thus cutting John’s examination short.
They beamed at each other. Everyone had gone still, watching the strange exchange. Then, Irene approached. “Sherlock?” she asked, her hand on his shoulder. “Perhaps we should deal with our guests?”
John lay awake in the captain’s cabin for what felt like hours after coming below-decks, thinking of Sherlock, and why the idea of parting with him hurt so keenly. He should want to embrace with open arms to his old, dependable, crime-free life. His old self, of a fortnight and an age ago, would have wanted that.
Molly smirked. This was the third Holmes course she had taken since arriving at the small university, so she was accustomed to his blunt statements. She actually rather enjoyed them, for she understood that he was able to teach quite well. He could recognize when one method of explanation was not sufficient for a particular student and would adjust accordingly. It was almost uncanny, how well he could determine the best way of reaching someone. Molly had witnessed him explain nuclear transmutation through a rather convoluted metaphor based on a television show. Molly herself had not understood the metaphor at all, but it had led the confused student to nearly leading the class on the topic.
“I don’t know what you mean,” John evaded. He was grateful Irene could not hear his heart start to pound.
John pulled his pirate close, spinning him around, feeling the man’s laughter against his own chest.
When John reaches the end, he doesn’t say anything for a moment. Sherlock, abruptly unable to bear the silence, starts babbling.
"Oh, is it? Glad you approve," John giggled, and Sherlock moved over to accommodate him. They relaxed into each other, the feel of each other snuggled together as familiar to them as their own reflections. John extracted a blanket from next to him and draped it over them both. Sherlock burrowed in deeper with a sigh of contentment, punctuated by a soft moan when John handed him his cocoa and he got a whiff.
He laid his head back down, and John held him just a bit tighter. Only a few days away was Christmas, which would surely be full of smiles and laughter, but beyond that John hardly knew what to expect. Sherlock's birthday was soon, winter would end, and someday they would be married. But the particulars John hadn't planned for. At the moment, he wasn't bothered by that. His plan had gone well, and he hadn’t felt the need to plan any farther.
“You’re welcome,” John whispers. They stare at each other for several moments, smiling. Then, John lifts a hand to Sherlock’s cheek and pulls him down.
Which is quite unfortunate, really, because Sherlock looks stunning in the firelight and fairy lights, the sharp angles of his face somehow softened.
John stood frozen in place, cradling his newly cleaned shoulder, and stared until the ship had departed. He did not move, fixated on the horizon until all evidence of the vessel—even its foamy wake—had vanished.
“You will never touch Sherlock again,” John snarled. He pulled the sword out with a wet snick, and Moriarty collapsed onto his back, chest heaving.
But Sherlock is already diving into the box, shifting aside the styrofoam bits and pulling out one of the objects within. A leatherbound book, one of six. Each is a different color, though the gold lettering on the spines unites them as a series.
“Sir!” a voice yelled, and John realized it belonged to that of Sebastian Moran, face bloodied and eyes full of fury. “Should we abandon ship?”
“I have a few contacts in the homeless population of the area. I can ask them to track him down, subtly.”
John chuckled. “Yeah. Good… riddance.” With each word, he pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s skin, more lingering this time. Sherlock couldn’t suppress a shudder.
Sherlock smiles. Isabell, John’s new protagonist, has practically been his boyfriend’s new crush of late. Not a day goes by that John doesn’t mention her.
“The people on that ship killed our friends, our brothers-in-arms,” Maddox continued, tone gruff but insistent. “We can set aside our differences with… these people,” he gestured vaguely around him to indicate the pirates. “For that cause.”
By the time they finish eating, John has gotten the feeling that Sherlock is on his best behavior. He suspects that under normal circumstances — such as when there
“I have been discussing with Irene, and she has agreed it is a good idea. You see, Molly has elected to stay on board. She has found that life on the sea agrees with her, and she enjoys the freedom of practicing medicine without answering to the expectations of society. So we have a doctor.”
“You’re… pecking,” Sherlock imitates the movement with his index fingers. “How the ruddy hell do you write novels like this? Aren’t you a twenty-first century man? Can’t you type?”
"Hey, don't look like that," he said quickly, brushing at an errant lock of Sherlock's hair on his forehead. "I just..."
John laughed too, a touch more uncomfortable-sounding than Sherlock. "I just... I should have warned you, but..." he rubbed the back of his neck. "You were just standing here looking so... I just... Sorry."
Sherlock leads him to Baker Street of all places. Ahead, John catches sight of a red awning belonging to a small café. As he and Sherlock pass by, John glances in the window and inhales the smell. Sandwiches, soup, pastries. Everything looks delicious, despite how full John is. He peers through the window with interest, but Sherlock does not even stop to look.
“Sherlock?” John asked as the man shifted again. He stroked his arm while Molly continued the ministrations. “Can you hear me?”
And he was gone. Sherlock and John stayed frozen for an instant before both rose in unison and moved forward.
’s gunpowder, and the hull had exploded in flames. The damaged vessel, now beginning to tilt at a dangerous angle in the water, creaked and groaned.
“I gave up two years ago.” He meets John’s gaze for a second before dropping it again. “I decided my brother was right — sentiment is a defect.”
“You were a member of the British Royal Navy for years, until a chance encounter with a pirate ship stranded you on what was essentially enemy territory. You spent a subsequent seventeen days aboard, less than a week of which was spent… intimately… with the captain of said ship. A frightfully short time to develop a deep attachment. And yet you still are given pause at the thought of speaking about him? Were you still with him, I might ask when to expect a happy announcement.”
The swelling had increased, as had the yellowish area. Worse, the yellow parts had taken on a green tint as well. When Sherlock brushed his thumb along the edge, John winced and pulled back. The inflamed area was sensitive and almost itchy with pain.
He looked over his shoulder down at Irene, who still waited for an answer. His lip curved. They had a job to do, and he could not wait to resume work.
The words, though so quiet and hesitant, still managed to permeate into John's very bones. He knew now, what he had to do, what he should have been doing all along.
“Turn us about southwest,” he ordered aloud. The sound of his own voice cutting through the silence startled him.
“I know it’s stupid and amateur, but I’m not used to form poetry, even the sort that doesn’t rhyme. As for that, I didn’t feel able to do all this syllable nonsense
He chuckles and waves his hand toward the novel, which Sherlock has marked up a bit with a few sticky notes and dog-ears. Before Sherlock can respond, John slides closer, picks up Sherlock’s hand, and kisses his pale knuckles. “And what did you think?”
He practically throws himself across the table in his haste to get his notes back in hand. John watches, somewhat bewildered as he goes on about the biological fermentation of some compound (or something like that; John only comprehended every other word, if that). He watches Sherlock babble on, scrawling notes and then typing at the speed of light on his laptop.
John’s jaw clenched. However, Sholto was still covered in blood, and he did not want to argue the point when he could be tending to his injury. “Fine.”
“That’s what I thought!” Kitty nods. “And, like, they knew about me being published? That’s weird. It’s like they just go through all the lit journals in England and email whoever’s published in them. It just feels really underhanded.”
Everyone seemed to leap into action. John himself darted to the railing, glancing up toward the crow’s nest on his way, to see his watchman pointing.
“Hi,” John says to him, straightening his spine. He glances down at the books in the man’s arms and understands—to an extent—what the angry man had meant: He is holding several, haphazardly piled. John realizes he must have dropped them when he’d run into the grump and had to snatch them up again quickly.
Holmes sighed. “You did not say a word in defense, not of me or of yourself. You just let them say those things. Why?”
“Oh,” he says, not sure how to respond. Sherlock has never mentioned these school “scoundrels” before.
Sherlock flops back on the sofa, growing bored with simply listening to John talk, now merely about dates and logistics. He beckons his boyfriend over, stretching out in what he hopes is an inviting way. John smirks and joins him, settling against his chest, still making affirmative noises in response to Sholto’s words.
Sherlock sat up straighter, blinking hard twice. “My brother, seven years my senior, dedicated his life to fighting the NOTP. It has proven a more difficult undertaking than expected. They are secretive and powerful. He currently has a...
Sherlock and John don’t speak of the earlier encounter with Sholto for the rest of the evening, but just as John is sliding into Sherlock’s bed, he cannot stop himself from bringing it up one last time. He couldn’t stop thinking about it over dinner, and knows if he doesn’t say one more thing, sleep will elude him.
As if in response to his call, a pirate with a gun fired. The shot whizzed past him, a hair’s breadth from his arm, and lodged in the wood of the ship’s mast. John whirled, wide-eyed, to stare at the fresh hole. He registered with his peripheral vision the midshipman he’d been speaking to earlier pulling out his own pistol and taking up John’s call. Footfalls and shouts sounded from below-decks, and John felt reassured that help was on the way.
Sherlock pulls the ribbon away, and John sits down next to him to watch. He lifts the lid to reveal the contents, which make Sherlock freeze.
John was already there at the table, a cup of coffee in front of him. Sherlock gave him a nod that he didn’t return. Swallowing, Sherlock ducked his head and made himself a cup of tea. Only once it was finished and Sherlock had slid into the chair across from John did the other boy speak.
“I’m not sure why last night, really,” he admitted. “I could say something like the stars must have aligned" — Sherlock snorted, and John nodded in agreement — “but we both know that’s not true. I guess… maybe I just got tired of waiting for the right time.”
“Yeah, you’ve mentioned,” John nods, looking intrigued. He seems to be hoping Sherlock will elaborate, but the chemistry student feels that this is not the time to get into that. Instead, he turns his gaze back to the annotated pages of
“And you could smell it on him?” John asks in wonder. God, he has known Sherlock is intelligent, but these powers of observation…
As he gazed around the room, without taking any of it in, Sherlock’s mind was churning at a breakneck pace. Sebastian Moran was supposed to have been sent to prison for three years. So what was he doing here, out and free, a year and a half early? How had this been allowed? He couldn’t have escaped; he showed no signs of being on the run, and besides, Sherlock would surely have found out beforehand. So had Sebastian then snuck into the carnival and pretended to be an employee? No, how could he have known Sherlock was going to be there? Their encounter had to have been a chance one. So had he, somehow, gotten the job on his own? How, how,
Those nearest responded within instants, though several farther along the deck did not appear to hear him. Most did not drop their weapons, only lowered them to their sides. He called out again, but Irene put a hand on his arm to stay him.
“I wanted to talk to you,” Holmes continued. “I’ve been trying to apologize for days, but… you’ve not responded.”
And yet. Sherlock had been so vivid, so alive, so full of passion and intensity and fire and ice all at once. How could John not mourn him?
John regarded him for several long moments, until Sherlock turned to look back at him. His gaze was not judging, only curious. John sighed and whispered out the most burning question in his mind.
“He’d tell you he occupies a minor position in the British government,” Sherlock explains. “But it’s more than that. He’s rising through the ranks quickly, and growing more intolerable all the while.”
She was just about to thank him again when the door swung open. She and Watson both looked up and froze.
James shakes his head. “Don’t worry, I trust you’re working. Besides, you’re a far better client than some when it comes to keeping me in the loop.”
“Quite possible, yes,” Mycroft nodded. “However, as I have no other means by which to convince you, you will have to trust that my knowledge comes from the very man whom we are discussing. And that I am who I say I am.”
They lowered Sherlock into a longboat, the last of their crew off the vessel. Winter seized the oars and made for the
Bullets and harpoons continued to rain down. John made it to a longboat and clung to the side, watching helplessly as his men died around him.
John half-leaps into the air, feeling like doing a jig. If he knew how, he would. “Holy shit! Holy! Shit!”
More surprising, perhaps, was that he had listened to Irene’s and Ekene’s summations of Sherlock’s character. Who had he, John Watson, become in these nine days? Listening to the opinions of pirates, tolerating their captain’s conversation?
His irises sparkled like the waves the ocean beyond them, the shades of blue and green and grey matching the seascape almost exactly. John was so distracted that several moments passed before he realized Sherlock had spoken to him.
Sherlock struggled against the overwhelming numbers moving to hold him down, but to no avail. The men carried him up the steps to the poop deck and toward the railing. Yet even as he fought, he watched a sudden movement above him. A new set of sails unfurled while the first, the black ones, were pulled up.
Victor frowned. “Well, that’s the odd thing. No one seems to know. No one I’ve spoken with seems to have ever seen her; they just know her by name.”
“Not so enthusiastically or admiringly,” Sherlock mutters. “It… it doesn’t matter.” But he quickly seems to shake off whatever he is thinking that’s making his forehead wrinkle, and starts to smile again. “What does matter is you went against Mycroft wearing nothing but a dressing gown.”
is finally out, I could see what I can make of this idea. So I’ve just been writing up an outline, something tentative, you know? I got on a roll this morning.”
He makes for the bag he takes to book signings and to his classes, rummaging through it. Without a word, Sherlock stands and crosses to the bookshelf, where John’s pocket calendar has lived the past few days. He tosses it to John when he turns around.
Sherlock has no idea how he can be so self-effacing; he’s a published author, after all. Why shouldn’t he be the center of attention?
“Alright,” Sherlock grumps, though he seems content to nestle close to John’s side and scroll through his phone while John works.
“Hi,” Sherlock says as he reaches the table, then hesitates, as if unsure if he is allowed to move forward for a kiss, especially in this public setting. John does not allow himself to equivocate, though, and pops up on his toes to peck Sherlock’s shapely lips.
“But it sounds like they’ve had a fight,” Molly said, biting her lip. Her elbows rested on the table on either side of her paper cup. Greg hoped she would not become too animated during this discussion, or he might end up with a lap full of hot tea.
He still was slumped over on John, though the food was finished. Affection swelled in John, warm and gentle.
“Well… yeah.” John straightens his spine, trying to ignore his nerves. Instead, he imagines waking every day with Sherlock, without fail. He imagines moving his possessions over, and bickering about where to put them amongst Sherlock’s things. He imagines sorting through their separate book collections, and deciding to combine them as a single one.
—flutter and bounce about and nearly derail John’s train of thought. The idea of losing his chance, however, spurs him back into action.
By the time they broke apart, they were more awake. Sherlock’s eyes flickered over John’s face in appraisal. John lay there and let him observe and deduce, relaxed. Even if Sherlock didn’t believe it yet, John knew — this would be how he woke up every morning for the rest of his life. Assuming there wasn’t a case on.
“Sherlock,” he breathed. “Will you let me earn your forgiveness? Your trust again? Will... will you let me take care of you?”
“I know you, Sherlock,” Moriarty breathed, confirming Sherlock’s worst fears. The man had shifted close again, eyeing him. His hands moved to Sherlock’s sides, lightly feeling the lines of his hips. Sherlock suppressed a shudder as Moriarty leaned close. “I know you better than anyone. Your lust for freedom, for revenge, your brilliance and arrogance. No one else understands. No one else ever saw it, not even Mycroft. And certainly not your little idiotic Navy man.”
He shuddered and felt at his throat. The thin cut on his neck was cleaned and bandaged, but he could still feel the ridge marring his usually smooth skin. It made him grimace.
Despite his usual aversion for human contact, Sherlock found himself rather pleased with that reaction.
“Sherlock, he’s stalking you.” John’s voice was almost a growl. “He followed us at the carnival, he admitted it himself, and now he knows where we live!”
Irene opened her mouth to speak further, but a hand on John’s shoulder distracted them all. John glanced around to come face to face with Maddox and the other survivors of the
Had it been John, he would have told Sherlock. This matter concerned them both; both should have all the information. If it had been John being texted and intimidated, he would have told Sherlock that first day, then reported Sebastian to the police at once. He, unlike Sherlock, wouldn’t have waited until Sebastian found out where they lived.
found the ship brought nearly to a standstill. The winds had died overnight to nothing, and the sails now hung limp. Overhead, the sun beat down in harsh rays, leading most people to take shelter in whatever shade they could find. The ship stood frozen, sentinel among the endless water, its crew alone but for the vastness of the sea.
In that moment, they were not pirates, and he was not a member of the Royal Navy. They were all united in their worry for the fate of a bright girl.
for just over a fortnight, only gotten to know Sherlock the last few days. It would be impossible to know someone entirely in such a short time. Perhaps he had misunderstood, or only had a portion of the story.
, there is something…” Sholto smiled, a little self-consciously. “Something more than friendship between us.”
“Come on then.” He finally pulls away from Sherlock’s lips. “Let’s see what Father Christmas has brought us.”
And each time he is asked this, after being unable to restrain himself from mentioning — to everyone, everywhere, all the time — that he has a dashing boyfriend, he realizes his answers are… lacking.
John extricated himself from his own battle and made to follow. But then, without warning of any kind, an agonizing, horrific pain lanced through John. He yelled, barely aware of dropping his weapon, barely aware of falling to the deck. His shoulder felt as if it were on fire; it was as if he were being torn apart from the inside. Groggy and near-delirious from the pain, he turned his head and saw his shoulder was now slick with his own scarlet blood.
He popped up on his toes and suddenly his lips were on Sherlock's. Sherlock stumbled back in shock, and his back hit the wall of the building again, but John's lips had followed. They were still pressing against his with enthusiasm. Unplanned, his eyes fluttered closed, and within a second, he was kissing John back, tentative and uncertain but also never wanting this to stop.
Sherlock nods, but looks skeptical. “Yes, but…” He frowns. “Is Sherrinford alive? I’ve seen theories circulating online that he could be, but I feel you’ll have to do some careful maneuvering to explain how he survived if he really did.”
John grins at him, his eyes shining with joy and mirth, his hair a little mussed. Sherlock wonders what he looks like, if his hair has gone all poofy-frizzy like it does sometimes. Quite plausible, since seconds ago John was running his fingers through it with surprising enthusiasm.
He steps toward the door, hand lifting toward the knocker. But then he stops and steps back with a slight shake of the head. Sherlock watches, heart falling, as he begins to walk away. But John only gets two steps before he is turning back, staring at the knocker once more.
“For another book?” Sherlock asks. He perks up, interest flooding his system, like the way a colored solution seeps through the translucent contents of a beaker.
“What’s this?” John freezes. He’s halfway to reaching for the last box under the tree, his special gift for Sherlock, when he is interrupted by a different package, pushed under his nose.
He smiled and shuffled his feet a bit. These were even stranger circumstances than the last time they had met. “If there’s anything you need us to do, please let us know. I told them to follow your orders.”
Perplexed, John leaned against the railing. Sherlock finished his wine, set the empty glass down, then pecked John’s cheek. He made his way to the musicians, just as Irene re-emerged from belowdecks. In her arms she clutched a leather case. She crossed the deck to Sherlock, who took it from her and opened it.
“Well, you need to give your statement about yesterday, and then there’s some other paperwork you’ve been putting off,” Lestrade said. He glanced between them as he spoke, however, as if wondering what was off between them. “I swear, Sherlock, you’d be a much better consultant if you actually told my bosses what you did to solve these cases. I could maybe even make you official if you filled out these forms.” He smirked a bit, as though doubting such an event would ever occur.
More than that, he had almost spilled it all then, almost blurted out to Lestrade all his problems, almost confided in this man he had a strictly professional relationship with. He had even opened his mouth to speak when Lestrade’s phone rang.
“I don’t know,” John said. “But he needs treatment nevertheless. Even if he has no other injuries, he will need food, water, and rest. Being exposed to the sea and sun for as long as he has will have weakened him. Sholto, see that there is a place free for him in the crew’s quarters. And Hayes, prepare a salve for his skin.”
He again broke the surface, sucking in mist and salty air with the desperation of… well, of a drowning man.
father and do what the British government and the powerful rich did not. You became a pirate to hunt down criminals and stop them. And just like you did your father, you came to see Victor as someone else who had been wronged and harmed. If anything, his actions motivated you even further to destroy the NOTP. Yes, you did what you did because of your relationship with Victor, but in my opinion, you did something your father would be proud of. If anything, love, your life as a pirate is in spite of who Moriarty is, not because of him.”
He did not elaborate, but John did not need him to. Sherlock had been trying to redeem himself, even if it were not truly so necessary. Sherlock had been prioritizing his own crew in the situation with the Dutch ship, nothing more.
When Sherlock rounds the corner and spots the bookstore, Sidney’s Pages, he sees John leaning, casual as you please, against the wall. The writer is wearing a soft-looking gunpowder grey button-up, in a shade that brings out the glint in his eyes, and also makes them look all the bluer for the contrast.
"I don't think he's ever entirely forgiven me for how I reacted to the whole... Sebastian thing," John admitted as he smoothed the locks of hair off Sherlock's forehead. "He sounded kind of... I don't know, terse."
Sherlock’s heart leapt and fluttered at the same moment, a dizzying sensation. For several moments, he couldn’t move. Then, in a blurry motion, launched himself forward into John’s arms. He kissed John, fierce and bold and excited, then yanked back before it could deepen too much. He had to say this; there would be time for more kissing after.
Sherlock nods jerkily. But the motion doesn’t appear to stem from discomfort at being put on the spot, as John might have expected, but from something else less easily identified.
John laughs. “Well, you’ll have to tell me about it in a bit. I’m—” he glances at his watch, “—not quite done here. Just about thirty more minutes.”
“I gotta go,” she announced. “My TA is, like, the straightest person I've ever met. If she marks me late again, I bet I'll actually get points knocked off the next exam.”
"John," Sherlock huffed, relieved. "I did not have to allow you to kiss me. We have both seen that I am perfectly capable of stopping people from touching me if I wish to. And I am capable of giving consent, which I have never considered
At the entrance, he pauses. Sholto has promised to meet him to give him his floor pass… so where is he?
Sherlock frowns a bit. “But wasn’t Frankenstein a student of anatomy and…” His eyes widened, almost comically, then. “And biology! Oh! That’s the link I’ve been missing!”
Then again, he and Sherlock have really only known each other for a few days, even if it has felt like years. Is it really so surprising that Sherlock is still a bit insecure?
Sherlock snorts. “You didn’t change your clothing before coming here from the airport, you amateur. And I’m not an idiot.”
Sherlock smirked, then shifted forward to press a gentle kiss to the exit wound on his back. “Well, to maintain that reputation, I do not believe you need any clothes at all, John. New or otherwise.” His hands wandered up and down John’s back, sides, chest.
"People have gotten married at our age. Of course in past centuries, the age of marriage was in general much lower-"
The sun rose bright, sending streaks of golden and vermillion and orange in bursts across the sky. The sparkling waters of the ocean reflected the orb a thousand times over in miniature. The skies were clear of clouds, turning lighter shades of blue by the second. Aboard the
“Oh, never mind then, get out,” Sherlock dismissed, though John could see his teasing expression. John just shook his head and approached, draping his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders.
“You really care,” John murmured. “Not just about your crew or about finding Victor. You care about stopping the NOTP. It truly… matters to you.”
likes a dramatic exit?” John echoed, voice hoarse. “That’s rich, coming from the most dramatic person I’ve ever met.”
The man’s sharp cheekbones are tinted with pink, likely from the wind outside and the confrontation, and his curls are tousled in an almost indecently windswept way. John guesses he is mid-twenties, just a few years younger than John. When his gaze lifts and meets John’s, the author is immediately struck by the man’s eyes.
“Not an intended one,” John manages a moment later, still giggling. Sherlock chuckles a bit too; John’s laughter is infectious.
An instant later, Sherlock found himself plunging through the air, the rope around his legs burning. And then he hit the surface of the frigid, unforgiving sea.
“What did they do?” John asked. He had shifted forward while listening to Sherlock, their knees now inches from one another’s.
A sudden intake of breath made him open his eyes and squint at his lover. “Oh, my darling,” Sherlock whispered.
“Well,” Kitty begins, fiddling with a tear in the corner of her notebook. “I got this email the other day, and I wanted to ask you about it. It’s from this publishing company, and I figured you might have heard of them. Like, it just sounded kind of dodgy, you know? A publishing company soliciting me to submit, basically? Is that normal?”
A fairly steady stream of people comes to see John, though Sherlock finds himself grateful for the quieter moments, which is when John turns to him and murmurs things like, “I missed you,” or “I can’t believe you’re here,” or “thanks for surprising me.”
Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath as Sebastian moved the knife and forced his chin upward. But he also smirked a little as yet another voice sounded out, strong in the silent air.
John turned them sharply, eliciting a surprised noise from Sherlock, who seemed pleased John was taking charge. He guided Sherlock toward the bed, but before they reached their destination, Sherlock staggered. He broke off the kiss and caught himself on the bedpost, breath catching.
Their kisses turned into half-gasps against each other’s mouths, and within moments Sherlock was shuddering his release, and John was following, and everything was golden light and trembling hips and clenching hands and Sherlock’s glowing eyes.
“You did alright on your own.” Sherlock murmurs, eyes flickering down and away, but he still smiles.
"Sherlock, you're barely seventeen," John fretted, clutching at his hand. "You're so young. I... I shouldn't have kissed you. I mean, n-not that I didn't want to, because I
The pirate hesitated, then sipped the water. John waited until he finished it entirely, then set the cup on the floor beside them. He twisted back around to look at Sherlock, whose eyelids were drooping. Not eating or drinking much for days had clearly weakened him. A twinge of guilt twisted something inside John; he should not have kissed him quite as much as he had. The lack of air had only made the man weaker. More than that, he should have
Sherlock, though still shaking and feeling as though he might be sick, returned it. John was warm, and Sherlock was safe, and it was
“Let me know if you need anything else, Mr. Watson,” the twentysomething girl says as she sets down a water bottle on the table. “I’ll be just over there.”
They broke apart sooner than either really wanted to, panting rapidly against each other’s necks and smiling. John’s heart was pounding, and he thought his hands might have become permanently attached to Sherlock.
Sherlock jerks back from the window with a soft gasp, before remembering that the curtain is blocking him from direct view, and the lack of lights in the flat will make it impossible for John to see him if he looks up. So Sherlock approaches the window again, peering out and down at the writer.
He would have to do research in the morning. Employment records of the carnival, criminal records, and perhaps even - if he could manage to hack into the right sites - reports from the prison. He supposed he could do it right now, but…
Sherlock watched, his eyes amused. “Lieutenant,” he began. “I fear I must ask you again. I need answers-”
“Where… where do I go? I’ve never been to Lisbon,” was all John managed to say, throat suddenly tight.
“Still, my reputation made matters difficult for you for a while. I hope you know how grateful I am for your assistance.” His hand brushed across John’s where it lay on the tabletop. “And your friendship.”
Professor Holmes stood there, eyes going wide when he took in Molly’s presence. His arm jerked behind his back, quite obviously concealing something, though Molly missed what it was. Something papery?
So here they are, finishing their Chinese takeout and cheap wine. Mrs. Hudson has come and gone, sharing a glass of wine with them but citing her hip and going to bed early. It’s two hours until midnight.
He shook his thoughts off as he looked across the deck. Several of the pirates, bored from a lack of work, had paired off and dueling together. They moved with sure motions; it was clear they were well-trained at the sword. John watched with some envy.
Finally, Greg broke up the mass of limbs with a laugh-drenched cry. "Alright, alright, lay off him. Come on, let's find something real to eat for once!"
John reads the email, then hands the phone back to Kitty. “Well,” he says, and Sherlock can discern the hesitation in his voice, “I don’t have any experience with that company firsthand, but the fact that they’ve reached out directly to you and are making all these promises seems strange to me.”
Sherlock pressed his cheek into it, eyes slipping closed again. His lungs could not get enough air; they were full of seawater and did not seem to want to expand fully. He coughed, and it felt as though his throat were coated in salt. His body was on fire, his shoulder aching.
At the prow, fingers reached up and seized a line. A pair of boots stepped onto the railing, the toes hovering over the side of the ship, over the water, as if poised to leap into action. A hand reached up and adjusted the headscarf, of darkest azure, that held down a mass of unruly hair. As the hand lowered again, its touch lingered against the harsh white scar that trailed across a collarbone.
“I’m in,” John said immediately. “Of course I am. I was in even before they destroyed my ship, but now…” He shook his head, and his voice turned into a growl. “I want to take those bastards down.”
“It’s only been two months—” Sherlock begins. It seems his mind has decided off its own accord to go on the defensive.
He clapped him on the shoulder and made to leave. But before he could turn away entirely, James turned him back around.
“Oh, I’ll show you slipping, Watson.” He moved forward, and their swords connected in a flash of sparks.
Standing there, Sherlock subdues a shiver. He feels as if he and John are on a precipice, in a droplet suspended at the end of a pipette over a solution, poised and anticipating the incendiary reaction.
He stretched, crossing his arms, then groaned softly. His fever may have broken, but he had still spent an entire day unwell, and his shoulder was no better. The storm had passed an hour ago, but the wind had not yet ceased, and rain still soaked the ship in a steady drizzle. In the distance, thunder growled. The
Sherlock bit his lip. He still felt a bit guilty about that; it had been the coffee maker John had had in his old flat, when Sherlock had first met him. Or rather, when he had barged in and stolen his caffeine.
Sherlock fidgets with the strap of his bag. “Can it rightly be called a proposition when we’re in a committed relationship?”
“I should get up,” he murmured. “Find some new clothes.” He had removed his torn and filthy shirt the previous night, knowing it was likely a lost cause. The trousers he still wore were not much better. He sat up and stretched, swinging his legs over the side of the bed.
Sherlock sat propped up against the headboard with his arms wrapped around his legs, which were pressed to his chest. He stared straight ahead at the dim room, unseeing. Next to him, John slumbered peacefully.
“It did not,” Irene said, then tilted her head, considering. “Well, maybe it could have been better, but…”
No, what Lestrade saw was not the memory of a pirate ship haunting John; it was grief. He would never see Sherlock Holmes again, would never get the opportunity to make amends for the way they had parted. Sherlock would never know John survived his wounds, would never fulfill his mission to destroy a corrupt and dangerous company that had changed his life forever.
Sherlock had just entered the flat when he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He tugged it out and frowned when he saw the name lighting up the screen: Janine. Curious, he thumbed open the message from his acquaintance-maybe-friend. What was she up to now?
The port at Jakarta was bustling and packed, still swarming with sailors and merchants even so late in the evening.
John smiles, then raises his hand to cradle Sherlock’s face. Sherlock’s cheek lifts under his touch as he smiles.
Though it had been three years, he sometimes still woke gasping and crying out as echoes of thunder, cries of men, and crashing waves reverberated in his ears. Among the yells now, however, was Sherlock’s voice. He called for John, through wind and what might have been cannon fire. John turned, seeking but never finding. Until the storm passed and the nightmare ended and left John with nothing but a cold bed, a tattered flag, and tears mingling with the sweat on his face.
Winter watched him go with stoicism. After he and Sherlock disappeared in the crowds on the docks, she spat.
“Alright,” John nods. He knows how terrifying it is to share one’s creative work with anyone, strangers or otherwise. “Can I just ask one more question about it?”
Sherlock pressed his lips together. “John,” he said. His voice was uncharacteristically tentative. “Come back to my cabin. You need a comfortable place to rest for a time. And… I feel there are still things we need to discuss. About… why I do this.” He gestured at the ship, the sea. “You do not yet have a full picture of… well, me, and I find that… unacceptable.” He frowned, as if at a loss as to why he felt this way. “I can send for food,” he added.
Sherlock huffs but doesn’t elaborate. Then, he speaks, “So why does he need your manuscript so soon? Isn’t it not to be published for over a year?”
is the ship that destroyed mine, and yours. I would like to see this through. They should answer for their crimes.”
John approached the chair, starting to feel a little invasive but also too curious to care much. Sherlock didn’t react to the sound of John’s muffled footsteps other than to shift his head ever so slightly where it rested on his crooked arm. A near-soundless huff passed the man’s lips, almost like a sigh, and then he was settled again, at rest. He looked impossibly small and childlike.
John smiles, touched. It seems such an easy thing for her to say, though she has only heard about him from Sherlock. Yet she is certain, and she has that look in her eye so similar to her son’s —
Over his shoulder, John shoots Sherlock a repentant look. They were supposed to be spending the evening together, watching some action film John had been scandalized to learn Sherlock has never seen. Sherlock waves off his apology and goes back to scrolling through the London job listings on his phone. All are equally tedious, or boring, or he doesn’t have the right qualifications.
“Hmm,” Sherlock frowned as if considering what to do, even as he rose from his chair and made his way toward the bed. “Well, I shall have to do something to make it up to you, won’t I?”
Instantly, John’s posture straightened. “What else? Do you feel unsteady at all? Is your vision clear?” James’ arm did feel a bit clammy, now that John noticed. His time working with the ship doctor, soaking in as much information as he could in case of an emergency when the doctor himself was absent, flooded back. “James?”
“I’m fine, the exam was fine, I’m just tired.” Without another word, Sherlock retreats to the bedroom, John watching him go, a twinge of worry rising in his chest. But he’s known Sherlock long enough by now that he can tell that talking is off the table right now. So, swallowing down his concern, he returns to the kitchen and finishes cooking. It may be one of Sherlock’s favourite recipes, but if John’s honest, another reason he’s making it is so he has something to do other than obsessing over tomorrow. He’s not nervous about the actual graduation, but he is a bit anxious about meeting Sherlock’s parents. Sherlock doesn’t speak much about them, so John has been left to just imagine what they might be like. And if they’re anything like Mycroft…
John sighs. Leave it to Sherlock to sense his distraction. “There is something I’d like to discuss with you. It doesn’t have to be now, though.”
, was a good one. Sturdy and large, but still maneuverable, it was one of the best ships of the line he had ever seen.
“James,” John tried again. “I… I am afraid such a thing would be indecorous. I am your captain. I cannot be more than that.”
“Like what? Sitting here knowing we’ve broken each other?” John laughed helplessly, insincerely. “Sherlock, I got us kicked out of three restaurants and nearly broke your nose. Then I said such hurtful things, I... I turned you away time and time again after Mary... after Mary died… And then I… in the morgue, I hurt you so badly…” he stopped, swallowed. “I've been a terrible friend.”
Sherlock’s face made an odd twisting movement, like a spasm but clearly due more to emotions than any physical stimulus. “It did.” His words lifted ever so slightly, as if he questioned them.
“Sherlock…” he brushed back the man’s curls. The past four weeks, Sherlock had carefully dodged every mention of Victor/Moriarty, until John had at last decided to wait. Sherlock would bring it up when he was ready, he had told himself.
He tugs Sherlock into his arms, their mouths meeting in a kiss laced with affection, and sets out to make both of them forget their stress and insecurities.
“I thought I’d surprise you, if that’s okay.” Feeling a little awkward, he gestures toward the kitchen. “I’m making dinner. Figured we could celebrate a little tonight, before everything tomorrow, the ceremony and your parents and all.”
He turned away, and his voice rose to carry across the deck and over the waves. “Take this creature to the brig. Make sure he is secure, and set a round-the-clock watch.” Then, as the crew began to move about him, he added, “But do not harm him... unless he attempts to escape.”
John started to nod, but the movement faded away as his expression slipped into one of shock and… horror?
"Yeah, you had a bit on your plate," John grinned down at him, feeling fondness well up inside him as Sherlock smiled back.
When Molly arrived in the lab, Professor Holmes was — of course — already present. He barely glanced up when she entered.
lingering on him. A sort of noodle soup,” Sherlock adds in response to the confused question that springs to John’s lips. “He favoured it last time he went there, and there’s one restaurant he always goes to that uses a very distinctive blend of coconut milk and curry spices.”
The rope was still tied around his ankles. And this time, he was sure, they would not pull him out of the water until he was dead.
John nodded. Sherlock leaned heavily back against the wood, gazing over at Sholto and Victor. Now, they were standing, conversing in low tones and tentative smiles, their hands brushing on the railing. Victor watched Sholto, staring as though the latter had hung the moon in the sky.
Footsteps sounded like thunderclaps to John, but they soon retreated and left calming silence in their place. Then, soft lips brushed against his fringe.
“How so?” John asked, surprised in spite of himself. He should have been used to Sherlock taking him aback, and yet...
Sherlock contemplated him for a moment, head tilted and eyes thoughtful. “You yearn for adventure,” he murmured. “You have such an ache, a drive to
John huffs, but shrugs. He had paid for lunch earlier; he supposes he can allow this. Besides, he finds it rather charming Sherlock is taking paying for meals so seriously; he doesn’t seem like someone who normally bothers with social niceties, and yet here he is.
