Dean moved his fingers until he could grip Cas’ hands in his. “You wanna tell me about them?”
Dean shook his head. “Upset me, worry me, do whatever you want if it means you give me a scrap of attention! I’ve tried courting you these past few weeks, and all my attempts have failed. I would court you with more grace if I knew how. It’s obvious all my questing for fearsome dragons and fabled fruit have done nothing to impress you. I have nothing else to offer; I haven’t been a hero very long. Please, Cas, make use of me, even if it seems dull or pointless.”
“This is the best Christmas ever,” Jack called.
They broke apart, both gasping for air.
Cas embraced Dean’s father, a small grin on his face. “Thank you, John.”
Cas pulled his boxers off before pushing Dean gently onto the blankets. He straddled Dean’s hips and trailed featherlight touches down his lover’s chest to his belly. He tickled the soft spot above Dean’s hips, earning a soft chuckle. “I love hearing your laugh. You hardly ever did it when we were hunting. Now I get to hear it every day.”
It pained him not to tell Ellen and Jo the truth, but the fewer people who knew Cas’ secret the better. His safety was a top priority.
“Because of Sam. He said if he even caught me looking at a guy, he would hurt Sam worse than he ever hurt me. I couldn’t allow that Benny no matter what it cost me. I knew if I saw you again, I’d break, and I couldn’t risk Sam’s health because I was too weak to follow my dad’s orders. I know it’s a shitty excuse and you deserved better but…”
Meg flashed him a grin. “Is that why you convinced Jack to bring me back?”
“I was Ellen, I was happy. Benny… he meant a lot to me and he was there for me when mom died. I wonder what happened to him all the time.” Dean’s voice was solemn, as he was reminded of how things had ended between the two of them.
Cas continued to stare at the snow-covered landscape in front of him, having never seen anything so beautiful. He was itching to grab his camera and take pictures, wanting to capture such exquisite beauty. “Gabe, I can’t put into words how stunning it is. The way the sun is hitting the ice and snow and making little rainbows and the way the snow looks so soft and fluffy, it’s just mesmerizing.”
Dean walked to the fireplace in the living room and stared at the wall of picture frames. Dean grinned as his eyes flickered between all the images of him, Sam, Eileen, Cas, and Jack. There were quite a lot of pictures of Jody, Donna, and the girls and a few from Dean’s childhood with his mom and dad. Scattered throughout were pictures of Ellen, Jo, Bobby, Charlie, and all the other friends they had lost over the years. There was even one of Benny. Dean sniffled, not even bothering to keep the few tears from falling. “I wish you guys were here.” He wiped his eyes and turned when he heard the sound of the back door shutting.
“Sam and I, there was nothing we could do. They just vanished… right in front of our eyes,” Jack described.
“Dean, I need your help! Donna and I have stumbled on a huge vamp nest, at least twenty strong. We need some backup,” Jody explained.
When he still refused to look at her, she laid a hand on his forearm and squeezed lightly. "Dean, honey, look at me. Please tell me you aren't saying what I think you're saying." He finally looked up and saw fury burning in her eyes but also sadness. He blinked trying to keep the tears from falling.
“Cas, you’re smoking. Like perpetually mussed up sex hair, stunning blue eyes, and a rocking body. You’re a total package. Anybody who’s said anything different is crazy.” Dean couldn’t help but trail his fingers through Cas’ hair, messing it up even further.
“Why can’t you just say sex?” Cas said, shaking his head and rolling his eyes.
Even though he told Eileen he wouldn’t, he had spent countless hours in the library. He looked through every book, trying to find some spell that would get him to the Empty or to find a way to bring Cas back from the awful place. His searching was futile and Dean gave up, accepting that Cas was gone, and there was no way he was bringing him back.
The blanket that covered Dean slipped and Cas caught sight of something around his neck. It was a leather cord and hanging from it was a small statue of a siren. Castiel crawled forward slowly, not wanting to spook the human. Dean eyed him cautiously but didn’t move away even when the other man was only a foot or two away from him.
Castiel woke the next morning to the smell of bacon frying. After a quick stop in the bathroom, he headed to the kitchen. Dean was standing at the stove, a pan full of bacon in front of him. There was a plate already on the table piled high with pancakes and another plate full of scrambled eggs.
“He’s a pretty great kid,” Dean said. “Yeah, she’s right; Cas has definitely made me a very happy guy.”
“Uh, you’re Gabe, Cas’ brother,” Dean asked, coming to a halt in front of the man.
Meg looked away, anguish filling every last cell of her body. “I am sorry. I have done you evil, more than any magician has ever done to a unicorn. There is nothing I could do to erase the pain I’ve caused you. I call myself your friend but Rowena, King Winchester, and the Bull did you less harm than I did.”
“Well, of course, they are! Only the best for two of my favorite boys,” Rowena replied.
She leaned down and peppered kisses on his chubby cheeks. “You were my sweet boy. The next day I found out I was going to be a mommy and seven months later, you came into this world. You were the best reward I could have been given.”
Cas continued to swim until a large cavern and the witch came into view. Rowena was unlike any siren he had ever seen. Her tail wasn’t that of a shark but of a betta fish that humans were so fond of. Her flaming red hair matched her short candy apple colored tail. She had two large caudal fins that were spread out like giant fans. From her shoulder blades all the way to her caudal fins ran a sail-like dorsal fin. She had a matching anal fin that ran from her waist to her caudal fins. All her fins were a scarlet red that faded to white.
Our boys get their grocery trip out the way. Cas makes more lists for apartment repairs. They start their job as repairmen for Benny. And, they end up spilling a bucket of paint on themselves. Of course, they have to act like children when that happens.
“What do you mean, Cas?” Bobby asked.
Cas frowned. “Dammit, I knew I was forgetting something. I’m afraid I did forget the pie.”
Cas moved so that he was sitting up before reaching out and cupping the Dean’s jaw in his hands. He had a loving smile on his face.
Cas moved so that he could wrap an arm around Dean, allowing their skin to be touching. His mind was flooded with the other man’s thoughts.
He patted her neck as she started walking out the courtyard back to the inn. He would need to grab his supplies and gear from his room before starting on his journey to the outskirts of Crowley’s kingdom. He knew the area well and internally moaned at the five-day journey ahead of him. He decided to stop by the marketplace as well to stock up on provisions.
“I hope you thanked her. I thought she couldn’t love you though.”
Dean shrugged nonchalantly.
Dean glared at Charlie, his cheeks bulging out like a chipmunk's as he tried to chew up the cupcake. “Rhatrever. Ras roves re, ron’t rou Ras?”
Dean hugged Cas tighter.
“It’s not just them. It’s everybody Dean. Donna, Jody, the whole world. I think we’re the only ones left,” Jack explained.
Cas took pity and slipped his finger in slowly. Dean’s muscles immediately constricted around him and he paused waiting for them to relax. “Let me in sweetheart,” he murmured. He started pushing in more as Dean’s walls loosened around him.
Rowena frowned, finally saying, “You’re a fool too, magician, but a more dangerous one than Crowley. He lies out of greed, but you lie out of fear. Or could it be kindness?” The woman stayed silent, staring at Rowena with defiance. Rowena, amused by the other woman’s glare, laughed and said, “Fine, it’s a black stallion. I want him for the carnival. Put him in the tenth cage. It’s empty.”
Dean slipped a hand under Cas’ shirt and froze. He pulled away, green locking with blue.
Cas nodded. “Go.”
Meg gestured to the unicorn. “I am his guide!” The unicorn let out a soft whinny, almost as if he was laughing at the magician’s words.
“Hon, you keep frowning like that and your face is going to stay that way permanently,” Ellen quipped as she set his food in front of him.
They spent a few more minutes enjoying the quiet silence and finally being in each other’s arms. They broke apart when there was a soft knock on Dean’s door. “Cas, Dean, are you guys gonna come out and open presents with us?” Jack asked.
“See you then Cas, bye,” Dean replied, a smile lighting up his face.
“And who are you to deny me?” Eileen asked, scowling at the other woman.
Cas licked and nipped at the exposed flesh until a bright red mark stood out against Dean’s tan skin. “Are you sure?”
Once they had all their supplies they headed out to Baby. It was a chilly day out and Dean tossed Cas one of the hoodies he had in his car. Once both men were a little warmer, they loaded their stuff up and headed to the beach.
“My life isn’t the one we are trying to fix. I’m focused on your issues right now, not my own,” Cas argued.
Twenty minutes later, Dean was pulling next to the dock. He walked onto the deck of the boat, glaring at Alistair. He looked at Cas who was still lying helplessly in the sling. His whole body was slumped against the deck, utterly defeated.
Dean froze as he felt his blood run cold. Benny had stilled above him as well. They both knew who that voice belonged to; the one person they had been avoiding since they started dating. Dean looked around Benny’s shoulder and saw John Winchester standing in the doorway, his face full of fury.
Sam shook his head in disbelief. “Dad was the one who hurt you? Why would he do such a thing? Dean, you had to go to the hospital!” Tears were starting to fall down his cheeks as he spoke in a broken voice.
Dean took everything in and whispered, “It’s perfect. Patience and Alex outdid themselves.”
A smile spread across Dean’s face. “Yes, yes, and I’m pretty sure he would say yes to both of them too.”
“No, Cas, thank you,” Dean said, nuzzling his nose against Cas’. “You’ve given me everything I’ve ever wanted.”
Dean grabbed some laundry detergent from the hall closet and then they each picked up a laundry basket and headed downstairs. The baskets were piled so high that it took four washers to fit all the clothes in. They walked to Benny’s office once the washers were loaded and running.
Dean looked at Cas in disbelief. “Wait, you own the bookstore?”
“Yeah, she and Jo both do. Let’s just say they got an up and close view of Cas’ tail in the Roadhouse’s kitchen,” Sam said with a chuckle.
“Well, I should apologize too. I was doing just as much staring,” Dean said, a cheeky smile stretching his lips. He stared at Cas, the smile disappearing when the other man continued to stare at his feet, “Is the ground really that interesting?” Dean asked.
“I can put some of the other stuff back, but I really want this one. It matches my tail almost exactly. I’m surprised you didn’t get it.”
“So, what made you let him go? One day you guys were in here on a secret date and the next, you wouldn’t even say his name. Does it have anything to do with why you’ve never dated another guy?”
“You are so beautiful, my love, and I can’t wait to be inside you to show you just how much I truly adore you,” Cas whispered.
Even though he belonged to a clan, the young siren could not help but feel as if he was an outcast. He was unlike his fellow sirens in multiple ways; after all, it wasn’t his fault he had been born a male in an entirely female species. Before Castiel had been born, there had never been a male siren, or at least his people had no record of one. His clan only allowed him to stay because his mother was their leader.
Eileen continued to glare at Meg and said, “Give me your cloak. He can’t walk around in nothing but his bare skin.” She didn’t even give Meg a chance before she was reaching out and pulling it roughly from her shoulders. She laid the cloak over the man’s body and tucked it around him as much as possible. Eileen looked back at the magician and asked, “Just how do you plan on changing him back? He can’t stay a man forever.”
Both men collapsed at the small kitchen table. “You want anything to drink,” Dean offered.
He watched Sam still talking to Eileen and Michael and Jack were now deep in conversation. Dean gripped the scroll and bag tighter before walking outside the barn. He walked deep into the abandoned corn field. He didn’t stop until the barn could barely be seen over the brown stalks.
People stepped out of the forest, two or three at a time. They were dressed exactly like the first man with bows in their hands and arrows on their backs. As they walked, it was easily seen that they talked and laughed, yet they made no sound. After a dozen men came another man, who was dressed in a brown friar’s habit. Then came another man who was dressed in red all the way to his toes. Lastly, walking hand in hand came a man and a woman. The man was dressed like the other bowmen, entirely in green except for the red feather that stuck out from his cap. A bow and a quiver were slung over his back. The woman was dressed in a simple pink gown, and a few jewels could be seen sparkling amongst the curls of her hair. Like all the people before them, they walked through the clearing, sparing not a glance for the people around them.
The guy rolled his eyes. “Hmm, what he doesn’t know won’t hurt him.” He crashed his mouth against Dean’s once more, wrapping a strong arm around Dean’s waist and pulling him closer until their hips slotted against each other. He bucked his hips, rubbing his half hard cock against Dean’s.
Meg reached out and laid her hand on his, a frown on her face. “Dean, I didn’t mean to be insensitive.”
He snuggled into Dean’s chest, his cheek lying right over Dean’s heart. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist, uncaring of the man’s weight on top of him. “Damn straight, this is where you belong Cas. It’s you and me, together.”
Castiel nodded.
“You baby, I need you, want you in me.” Dean threw his head back as Cas nibbled at the base of his neck.
Before Cas could say anything, he was thrown from the dream world and the next moment he was standing beside Sam. He looked down at Dean to see the hunter staring at him with pain-filled eyes. “Cas,” he whined.
It hadn’t been a hard decision for Cas to make. He had quit his job, packed up his belongings, and moved into Ellie’s apartment within the span of a few days. When Cas received an official letter a week later from his parents’ lawyer stating he had been written out of their will and was no longer considered part of the family, he had shed a few tears and quickly moved on. He still had his two brothers, Michael and Gabe, and that’s all that mattered to him.
Dean sniffled, trying to keep the tears from falling. “You’re right, Cas. C’mon, let’s go tell everyone… that we’ll see them later.”
Dean smirked as he said, “You know I don’t think my boyfriend would appreciate me making out with strange college kids during their summer break.”
“I don’t see why we couldn’t. You’ve still got, like fifteen hundred bucks plus we’ll both be getting a paycheck in a few days. We should have enough extra money to be able to afford a TV. I could get a Netflix subscription and we could watch TV at night instead of just reading or fixing this place up.”
“I do, actually,” Sam answered with a smile. “My father has a private store in his room. Eileen, come with me. Meg, we will meet you in the hallway as soon as possible.” He grabbed Eileen’s hand, and they rushed off.
The unicorn snorted. “The wizard did the unicorn no service but a great ill. A creature who was meant to be eternal, trapped in a dying body. If that were the fate for all of my kind, it would be a terrible fate indeed. I would rather the Red Bull kill them all.”
“No, Cas,” Dean interrupted. “It was my fault. I lead you on, even if it was unintentionally. I… I do like you, but there’s some things I’m trying to come to terms with and I need a few days to sort my thoughts out. Would you be willing to meet me by the lake in the park off Packard street on Wednesday?”
“Sorry. Let me try again.” Meg held her hands up and started muttering cold words into the night. Once the spell was done, she shook herself and said, “Now the bars are brittle, and I will be able to crumble them beneath my hands.” She reached out to the bars and immediately snatched her hands back, blood dripping from each finger. “Must have gotten the accent wrong,” she said, wiping her hands on her pants. “Shall I try one more time?”
Cas was proud that he was bringing Dean such pleasure. This was only the fifth blow job of his life, but it seems he was doing alright. The sounds of Dean’s soft whimpers and moans had his own cock hardening. He reached down to stroke himself a few times, trying to relieve some of the pressure.
Castiel laughed so hard, he clutched at his stomach.
Billie scowled at her companion. “You needed to see something.” She pointed towards the sleeping hunter. “That man is the reason God is dead and the Nephilim is now ruling Heaven.”
Dean wanted to fight, but Alistair had the gun pointed at Cas. He dragged his feet as he slowly made his way to the chair and sat down. Alistair grabbed some rope off the floor before he walked back over to Dean and started tying his hands and feet. Dean jerked at his bound hands, but the rope didn’t budge.
“Alright, I’ll let Sam and Eileen know,” Jack said excitedly before racing away.
The king paused. “I will not touch you. I just want to know why you continue to look out the window.”
“I like you a lot too Cas,” he mumbled into ebony locks.
They lay there covered in semen and sweat, trying to let their racing hearts slow down to a normal rate.
“Hello Dean,” Castiel replied.
Dean couldn’t hold the tears back any longer as he fell to his knees. He sniffled as the drops rolled down his cheeks. He reached up to wipe them away, his hand dragging across his shoulder. He froze when he felt something wet and cold. He looked at his shoulder and sobbed as he pulled the jacket from his frame and stared at the bloody handprint.
Cas’ lips curved up in the corners, finding the man both charming and goofy. “I apologize. I’ve been an introvert my whole life. It’s probably why I find such joy and comfort in reading books.”
Cas watched the motion, his eyes softening at such a tender gesture.
“Finally, we are away from all that commotion. My head was starting to split in two with how loud it was in there. How do you frequent such a place on a regular basis,” Cas asked as he followed Dean to his car.
Sam shook his head. “What about your free will? You deserve it more than any of us.”
“It’s completely illogical since I’ve only known you a couple of hours, but yes, Dean, I do love you. I already don’t want to imagine my life without you,” Cas whispered, tracing his fingers lightly against the contour of Dean’s lips.
Cas grabbed the corner of the blanket and quickly wiped their bodies of the sweat and cum. “Yes, it was. I love you to the stars and back.”
“You’re hardly my superior anymore Michael. I am Falling,” Cas replied with a growl.
Dean pulled a condom out the box.
“Lucifer always did make things more interesting. You were always so… so boring in your blind faith to me. You were my blunt little instrument just like Dean was. It really is no wonder why he was supposed to be your perfect vessel. Oh well, I let Lucifer die, I’ll have no problem killing you as well,” Chuck said, completely uncaring.
“Touché. So, are you ready to go get married?”
Cas’ shoulders slumped in defeat. “It’s his soul. I’ve never seen a human with a soul who shines so brightly, more so than any angel’s grace could hope. He cares more deeply than any other human I’ve ever come across. That means when his heart breaks, the cracks run deep, and they never heal. He is broken Michael, but I know I can help repair him. He doesn’t deserve the path he’s going down.”
Cas nodded. “It took a while, but we finally got our heads out of our asses, as everyone has been saying.”
Dean nodded.
All the tension Dean had stored in his nerves dissipated at his brother’s words. He had been terrified that Sam would be furious with him for losing such a big customer. “That means the world to me Sam. It felt awesome to stand up to Alistair and not have a panic attack like I did with Gordon.”
Dean looked over to see what he was drawing and gasped. “Dude, that’s amazing! How the heck can you draw that with just a pencil? Man, my stick figures are pathetic and here you are drawing a rendition of ‘A Starry Night.’”
The ex-angel’s eyes widened suddenly, “It’s the day we first met.”
“You know usually it’s high schoolers who get caught out here with alcohol and cigarettes. Most college kids frequent the bars,” Dean said as the man got closer. He felt his heartbeat speed up as the guy’s features became cleared the closer he got.
The king scoffed. “He might be my own flesh and blood, but he has not been my son for many years, him nor his brother. They were their mother’s children. After she passed, not even they could bring me joy any longer. There is only one thing that has brought me joy since my dear Mary’s passing, and neither of my sons knows what that is. They cannot help you.”
A while later they finally stood to their feet and walked hand in hand back to the barn. Jack and Cas shared a long hug and a few quiet words between them. Sam and Cas then hugged one another, Sam happy to have his brother back. They all took one last look at the barn before heading outside. Jack transported all of them back to the motel Dean and Sam were staying at. With a snap of his fingers, Baby’s trunk was loaded with Dean and Sam’s things, along with a bag full of clothes for Cas.
“Love you, Dean,” Sam whispered.
Dean carefully removed the lingerie from Cas’ body, not wanting to accidentally rip the delicate fabric. Once Cas was completely nude, he admired his boyfriend’s gorgeous body. Cas was all lean muscle due to his entire life being spent swimming in the ocean. Dean couldn’t help but run his fingers down the strong biceps and pectorals in front of him. He swirled the pads of his thumbs around Cas’ perked nipples causing him to gasp at the sensation. Dean leaned over and took each bud in his mouth, lavishing it with his tongue before pinching each one softly.
After the seventh time of Cas telling him to speak, Dean shouted, “Dammit Cas, you know I can’t!”
“Oh, hush.” Cas gave a light slap to Dean’s arm and then turned to his son. “Alright, monkey, you can open your gift.”
Rowena stepped towards the cage, her lips twisted into an ugly smirk. “I’m surprised you know of King Winchester’s Bull. The Red Bull was the one to gather up all of the unicorns and force them towards the king’s lands, but it seems he missed one. I could tell the king of your location, but I don’t think I will. You belong to me now, and the king shall not have you.”
Dean motioned to the vehicle, his chest puffed up slightly and a smile was plastered to his face.
“How the hell did he rescue you? No boat should have been on the water that night,” Ellen exclaimed.
*************
“Castiel Novak. For my backstory, I came from regular middle-class parents. I graduated high school but never went to college. I had a few jobs here and there but nothing extreme. Keep it simple,” Cas described to her.
“Cher, hush. I understand. Sam was your brother and your father meant what he said. Us getting back together wouldn’t have been worth risking Sam. We should have been more careful and maybe your dad wouldn’t have found us out.” Benny had a few tears rolling down his cheeks.
Cas glanced at the front door to his shop. “We probably should, although if his book came in, I’d bet money he is curled up in a beanbag chair reading it. He loves books as much as I do.”
Dean took a deep breath before pressing to accept the call. He dropped his phone on the floor at the man he saw staring back at him. He felt his heart quit beating as he picked the phone back up and stared at a face he hadn’t seen in over a decade.
Rowena scoffed. “You’re a fool! How you’re my son, I don’t know!” She turned to the woman. “What about you, magician? When you look at the creature, what do you see with your sorcerer's eye?” She joined her son in laughing, but it died when she noticed the magician staring intently at the unicorn. “Answer me,” she demanded. She reached her hand out and forced the magician to meet her piercing gaze.
“I thought our first time could be here, if that’s alright,” Dean whispered in Cas’ ear.
Meg moved towards the king quickly, and Eileen followed behind hesitantly. The king stared at them, his lips still set in a frown. He let out a heavy sigh. “Nothing there that I haven’t already seen. A magician who aspires to be more than she is and a woman unhappy with her past and hoping for a better future. That was everything I saw at the gates, but I let you in anyway.”
Sam gasped at the admission. “Wow. Dean, I can’t believe he said that.”
The king’s fingers dug even deeper into Castiel’s shoulders. “I know you. From the moment I saw you walking towards my castle, I knew you. You have tried to hide in this human body, but it hasn’t hidden you from me. Every movement you make is a clue. Every turn of your head, every step you take, every breath you breathe, even the way you stand perfectly still all betrayed you. I may have doubted myself for a little bit, but I am as sure as ever about you.”
“MEG! Where the hell did you hide my things?” Crowley’s voice echoed across the clearing. The unicorn disappeared into the shadows as the man approached Meg and the empty cage. His eyes jumped to the open door before focusing on the magician and the keys hanging from her hand. “You fool! She will have your heart for Ammit!” He turned and started walking towards Rowena’s wagon.
Cas returned the smile, “Thank you Dean. You’re a wonderful friend. I’m glad I gave you a chance when I was looking for custom furniture for my home. You and your brother have never let me down.”
“Cas, stop,” he panted, barely able to get the words out.
Dean chuckled, “Yeah, I’m Dean. You wanna come inside? You could meet Sam and see if Cas described him well enough.”
When the peasants came to stand in front of his cage, he couldn’t help but think bitter thoughts. “You don’t know me. If it weren’t for Rowena’s magic, you would see nothing more than a common black horse. I used to pity your sad eyes and trembling lips, but now I am just disgusted.”
“Whatever. Anything you want to drink, Cas?”
By the end of their project, which they got an “A+” on, Cas had become one of Dean’s best friends. Five years later, Cas was a successful artist and Dean was working on his third book to publish. They were still best friends, but now they were also husbands who loved each other unconditionally.
“Cas?” Sam asked, raising an eyebrow in curiosity.
Dean struggled for something to say. “Cas.. I.. I never meant to lead you on and I’m sorry. I’m flattered that you would be interested in me, but I just don’t feel the same. You’re a great guy and I’d love to continue being friends but that’s all we can be is friends.”
Dean dropped his head back, his chest heaving. “It feels so good angel! Never felt this way with anybody else! No one has ever filled me up like you are.”
“NO! You’re not giving any kind of drug to my husband,” Dean replied hastily. Cas looked at Dean curiously. “Remember when Zachariah sent me into the future? Let’s just say you got hooked on drugs and orgies. I have no desire to see that become a reality.”
“Dean,” Cas warned.
“Nah, I’m good.” Dean waved him off, and his eyes scanned the rifles behind Garth, desperate to change the subject. “Hey, how much is that rifle?” he asked, pointing to one right behind his friend.
He popped the button and slowly slid them down Dean’s hips. Dean leaned back on his hands and lifted his butt off the ground so Cas could pull the jeans off. He growled when he saw that Dean still had his shoes on. He quickly removed them and then the jeans. Dean was now in nothing but his boxers while Cas was still fully clothed.
“I guess you have a point.” Cas unlocked the door and opened it. He gasped at the blanket of snow that covered his car and front yard. The trees had giant clumps of white in the branches, and the small pond next to his house was frozen over, the sunlight casting mini rainbows off its surface. Cas looked at the scene with awe. “Gabe, it’s like a winter wonderland,” he said, his breath forming little clouds in the air.
“That will hold her for the night,” Chuck said as he admired their work.
Cas stared at the trembling appendage. “I want to come up with a schedule for your drinking. You said you drink six beers a day? Why don’t we reduce that to five a day for this week and then next we will go down to four and so on.”
Dean forced the man to look at him. In a stern voice he said,
“Much better,” Cas whispered, sealing his mouth over Dean’s as he started thrusting his hips again. He could feel Dean’s cock sliding against his stomach, trapped between their bodies. As their tongues tangled with each other, Cas gripped Dean’s hip with one hand while he grasped his fiancé’s cock with the other.
Cas turned on his heel and headed back to the kitchen. After filling his cup up again, he sat next to Dean and started nursing on his drink. Dean looked just as zombie-like as his boyfriend. Sam was the only one awake, reminiscent of a golden retriever puppy. Eileen walked over and gave him a kiss.
“Oh I don’t know. You were the one trying to wear me around for a meat suit so you could start the Apocalypse which would have destroyed the world. Not too sure if you can handle that much power,” Dean said angrily.
Cas pleaded desperately.
He watched as Sam’s face fell. Sam opened and closed his mouth a few times before dropping his eyes and replying, “It didn’t matter. It wasn’t Billie. It was Chuck, and they’re gone. They’re all gone.”
Meg’s head hung low as she fell to her knees. “I’m sorry; I'm afraid to do anymore. I might not be able to control the next spell. Rowena was right; I’m just a bumbling magician,” she said, her voice full of defeat.
“Ow, Cas, that fucking hurts,” Dean shouted. “Yeah, I took two pills a while ago, but they aren’t doing much to help with the pain.”
“Dad.”
“Whatever you’re thinking, stop,” Cas said, his voice scratchy and broken.
“Why?” Castiel asked softly.
“But apparently, that’s not enough. What more could I do, Cas? I’m taking care of my alcoholism, I got a job, I got Baby back, and the apartment is looking better than it has in months. What more could I do to convince you?” Dean’s eyes were brimming with unshed tears.
Jack stopped throwing snow, ran up to his dad, and clutched his hand, dragging him down the stairs. “C’mon, Daddy, let’s make snow angels!”
“Of course, he’ll be apart of the wedding. I am surprised you’d want a wedding, though. Marriage is one thing; a wedding is a whole different entity. It will require lots of planning, which I know is not your favorite thing to do,” Cas said with a smirk.
“You certainly are.” Cas finished his rabbit and stood to his feet. “Well, I must be going. I hope to see you again before you leave Dean.”
“You are busy cleaning the castle and capturing the young prince’s heart. I see how much you and Sam spend time together. I tell you, Eileen, you have already gained his trust and his love. Meg is the king’s puppet, at his beck and call. She says she is waiting for her power to reawaken, but I doubt it will. She’s not a magician; I can’t believe I ever thought she was. You two are of little help to me, too preoccupied with other tasks. I have no one, and I am lonely,” Castiel said softly, his voice heavy with disdain.
Dean wiped at his eyes, and he pulled back to look at his little sister. “Ok. I’m thrilled you could be here.”
The king raised an eyebrow at her. “And why is that?”
“Open it.”
“What, are you crazy? How can we walk through a clock? Surely, there is something we are missing! We need to get out of here and try again later,” Meg argued.
“Look at how pathetic you’ve become! What angel needs sleep or tastes food or urinates?” Michael spat. “You gave up eternity for a human!”
“You are all fools! The skull was telling the truth; can’t you see that? The clock is nothing but a mirage. There is a tunnel just as the skull said.” Castiel walked forward, ignoring the others' shouts. Without a backward glance, he headed towards the clock.
Cas felt his wings droop in sadness as he stared at the man. Dean was worse than even he had realized. He didn’t care if he lost his grace and his wings. He didn’t care that in a few months he would die and cease to exist. His last mission would be to make sure Dean Winchester had a life worth living for.
Meg chuckled darkly. “I don’t think it matters what you want. At this point, I’m not sure I could turn you back into a unicorn even if you asked me to. You are too human and have felt too many emotions, for there is no unicorn who has felt fear, sadness, and love. Those are meant to be for humans only.”
“Please, let me help you,” Dean pleaded, taking a step closer.
“I will spend the rest of my life making sure good things happen to you, Dean Winchester,” Cas said as he peppered kisses to the hunter’s face.
Once their food was ready, Ellen and Jo left them alone to enjoy the rest of their date. They ate in silence, but there wasn’t much need for conversation. They were enjoying having time together, just the two of them. For dessert, they each had a slice of pie and after paying, they headed home. They unpacked all their purchases from the zoo before settling on the couch, ready to enjoy another movie. Cas was resting in Dean’s lap with his arms wrapped tightly around the leopard shark he had bought.
Dean grabbed one of his shot glasses and downed the drink. He slammed the glass down, a cocky grin on his face. “Oh, hush Sammy, just looking to have a little fun tonight. It’s been a busy week and I need to unwind.”
“I like the sound of that a lot but why are you going to wait a few days to call Sam?” Cas asked with his signature head tilt.
“How can you speak aloud? I thought sirens didn’t have the ability to speak,” Cas gestured.
Cas glared at her. “Dean and I were talking, and we lost track of time.”
Dean looked at his phone and was surprised to see it was close to ten. “How about we meet at eleven?”
“You know, I was surprised you even came home today. I figured you and Eileen would be enjoying some time together.” Dean was still curled into Cas’ lap, uncaring that his brother was sprawled across the love seat. Cas had fallen asleep half an hour ago.
“Tell that to Dean,” Meg said with a nod to the prince. “I’m not the one who spoke of order and happy endings.”
“Look, I know things didn’t work out between you guys, but you can’t think every relationship with a guy will end like that. Cas seems to really like you,” Sam said softly.
Dean chuckled.
“As all tales must have, there was a villain to be faced. There have been whispered words of the great King Winchester who Captain Chuck has faced multiple times.”
The king grew enraged. “How dare you deny yourself? How dare you try and lie to me? I will throw you into the ocean, down to your kin myself if you continue to do so!” He stepped forward, staring into Castiel’s wide-open eyes. He stopped. “No, it can’t be! What is wrong with your eyes? They are empty, just like any other human’s! Where are the trees and the beasts? Why do I only see my reflection?” He leaned back, rubbing at his beard. “No matter, you will be mine, and then I will have collected all of your kind. I’ve waited this long; I can wait a while longer.” With that, he turned and left.
“Who? Who names their child Pink?”
Charlie placed a reassuring hand on Cas’ arm. “I promise he’ll be safe. I’ve baked with my wife’s niece plenty of times. Gilda is in the office right now working on paperwork, but she won’t mind manning the counter while Jack and I bake. I won’t let him leave my sight for an instant, promise.”
Jack was helping Michael to his feet. They both seemed fine, a few scratches but nothing serious. Dean did a quick stock of his own body. Besides a couple of cuts and bruises, he was surprisingly unharmed. He walked to where the two angels were standing.
Cas slid into Dean’s body as hard and fast as possible, the sound of their skin slapping and their harsh panting filling the room. Electricity was rushing through both their bodies as their orgasms drew nearer. With one last shove of his hips and a flick of his wrist, Cas felt Dean’s cock explode all over his hand.
“Dean, are you really thinking what I think you’re thinking?” Sam questioned.
“I guess we should continue on to the castle,” Eileen said.
“Yeah, I know. Sam’s already pointed that out,” he interrupted her. “Like I told Sam, you guys might not care but our customers could, and I don’t want our business suffering because of it. Sam and I have worked too hard,” Dean argued.
Cas looked around the apartment and came to a decision. “Well, first things first, let’s start getting this place cleaned up. We can work on fixing things once we have a tidier workspace.”
“Yeah, you guys did,” Jo shouted, flinging herself into Dean’s arms. “I’m so happy for you guys! It seems like Dean got the stick out of Cas’ ass!”
“We don’t steal from the rich! We steal from the poor because they can’t fight back! We don’t save fair maidens; we capture them and use them before throwing them back where they came from. We hide in this forest because if the rich did find us, they’d strike us down with a single blow. The stories you’ve come up with Chuck are just that, stories,” Lucifer said with a sneer.
When they broke apart panting, Dean’s eyes were shining as he said, “This is better than any world I could ever dream because this is real.”
Dean licked his dry lips, “Why.. why would you think that?”
Castiel watched as Meg whispered spell after spell, the skull remaining as silent as him. He had barely spoken a word because he was furious at the magician. Meg was as mad as the king as far as Castiel was concerned. She had told Sam that he was a… a unicorn just minutes after the king had accused him of being the same thing. Why did they believe him to be some mythical creature when he was just a human? A human in love with a prince. He wished Dean was here so that they could go to his room and be with one another. He didn’t care about some riddle that involved a talking skull.
As Dean pulled into his own driveway and turned the car off, he felt a single tear slip down his cheek. He wiped it away, refusing to acknowledge what it meant. He stumbled into his house and up to his bed. He shed his clothes and dropped into the bed in nothing but his boxers. He pulled the covers over his head and slipped into dreamland.
Half an hour later, they pulled into the driveway of Dean and Cas’ house. Dean looked around but couldn’t see anything for the wedding. The brothers headed inside, Dean hoping to catch a glimpse of Cas, but the house was completely deserted. “Dude, where is everybody? This place is like a ghost zone.”
“Love you too, little bro. Bye.”
“I wasn’t mugged.” It was barely more than a whisper.
Cas cocked his head.
The sentinel who spoke first leaned as far over the railing as he dared and studied the approaching figures. “I assure you, Father, that the one in the cloak is a male. Even if I were blind, I would know he was a male. Can you not see his exquisite beauty?”
“Hey, Dean,” Sam said, tears already choking his voice. He rushed forward and pulled his brother into a tight hug.
“Whatever you say, honeybee.” They drove in peaceful silence for another few minutes before Dean turned off the main highway onto a dirt path that was barely visible through the tall stalks of corn. A minute later, a large brown barn came into view.
Dean pulled into the driveway and put Baby in park. He turned slightly so that he could face Cas. He looked at the man and noticed a stray hair hanging in his face. He reached out and slid it behind Cas’ ear before pulling his hand quickly away, a tiny smile on his face.
Sam made a bitchface. “Dude, way too much information. Can’t we have one conversation without you bringing your love life into it?”
Dean turned his head sharply when he heard a wet, sticky sound behind him. An inky black hole was forming in the wall. Dean could feel the tears building in his eyes as he watched the slimy tentacles starting to take form. He turned back to the angel, a thousand words on the tip of his lips. “Cas,” he gasped out.
Dean smiled.
Cas frown turned into a soft smile and his eyes lit up. He stepped into Dean’s personal space, one arm wrapping around Dean’s waist, the other around his neck. “From the moment I gripped you tight and raised you from perdition,” Cas whispered before capturing Dean’s lips in a passionate kiss. He poured all his adoration and devotion into the embrace, hoping Dean would understand.
Dean dropped his bags and rushed over to help the man. “Hey, buddy, you ok?”
“Psh, you’re what thirty-one, thirty-two at the most?”
“Honey, what you feel for that boy is love. Dean hasn’t had a lot of that in his life. He could use a little loving.”
Eileen’s voice cut through the damp air. “Enough! Where is Sam? Where is he?”
Dean didn’t care that his boyfriend preferred women's clothes; Cas was gorgeous. His shaggy black hair, bright blue eyes, strong jaw, high cheekbones, and smooth skin captivated him in a way no other person ever had. He was as different from Dean as night and day. Dean had sandy blonde hair, dark green eyes, plump lips, bowlegs, and freckled skin. No matter how often he shaved, he seemed to always sport a five-o-clock shadow. Dean was also much more masculine in his choice of clothes: boots, jeans, ACDC shirt, and red flannel.
“I told you I know a lot of things. I hope you and Dean have a long happy life together Castiel. If you come across your mother, tell her my debt to her has been paid.” Rowena turned her back on him, no longer paying him any attention.
“Of course, I remembered. Now follow me to the backyard for the rest of your surprise.”
“Ok.”
Cas flinched back.
Just then, “Daaaaaddyyyyy! Paaaaapaaaaa! It’s Christmas! It’s Christmas! Wake up! Wake up,” Jack hollered, running into their room and jumping onto the bed. He clambered on top of Dean and Cas, not caring where he stepped or who he stepped on. “C’mon, we got to go open presents!”
Dean glanced up and noticed Cas standing in the entranceway. “You gonna stare at us all morning, or are you planning on joining us? If we don’t start opening presents soon, Jack is gonna turn into a real monkey and start throwing bananas.”
“Baby, want you, please, gonna lose my mind,” Dean pleaded.
“And what about you? Will you be glad I’m so close again?”
“Meg,” Sam said. “Let Castiel remain human. I have spent my entire life watching Dean search for meaning, for love, and he’s finally found it. Please, don’t take that away from him. He’s my brother, and all I’ve ever wanted was for him to be happy, and he’s found that in Castiel. Don’t take that from him.”
Dean chuckled. “Hey, you aren’t supposed to tell someone what you’re getting them for Christmas. Besides, you guys don’t have to get me any presents.”
“It’s getting harder and harder every year. I’m thirty-two years old, Sammy, and still haven’t found them. Most people find their other half by their mid-twenties. Hell, I have even more options than most since I swing for both teams, yet I’m still alone.” Dean set his plate in the sink and moved to get another cup of coffee.
Dean chuckled. “See, that wasn’t so hard, now was it? You don’t have to be so nervous. I promise I don’t bite… unless you want me to, that is,” he said, wiggling his eyebrow.
Cas realized how bad of an idea that turned out to be when he woke up later in the middle of the night, his skin itching worse than a thousand fire ant bites. As he scratched at his arm, he clenched his teeth, pain blossoming along his flesh. He looked down to see his skin peeling away.
Dean pulled Cas off the couch and helped him to the room. Uncaring of their nudity and more concerned with Cas’ health, Dean got both of them dressed in record time. He grabbed his keys and his phone and then hurried out the door. It took half an hour to get to the parking lot at the beach. Castiel had gotten worse and Dean was growing more and more concerned.
“Alright, alright. I’m going.”
As Cas changed the sheets on the bed, his mind was consumed with thoughts of what had transpired this day. He had chosen to walk the path that would lead to him Falling and surprisingly, he didn’t miss Heaven. He had always been more at home walking amongst the humans than he had with his own kind. He also knew that he needed to focus on Dean and not himself. Healing Dean would be no easy feat and there were multiple issues in his life that needed to be dealt with.
Dean interrupted.
The tallest sentinel looked at the three figures. “I think Dean is right. The one in the cloak seems to be male.”
Dean wiped at his eyes. “Thanks, Dad. I wasn’t sure how you would react to Cas.”
“What did he want? Another order of furniture?”
Meg waved her off as if she was an annoying fly. Nothing Eileen could say would dampen her joyous mood. “Don’t worry about it; I can change him back.”
They were a moving mass of white fire that streamed onto the beach. They clambered up and over the cliffs and ran towards all ends of the world. Under the thousands of hoofbeats, which sounded like crashing cymbals, King Winchester’s castle started to shake and quiver.
Dean shrugged. “I have no idea. Truth is, I did almost die. I was thrown from the ship when a big wave swept me overboard. The next thing I know, I’m waking up wrapped in blankets with Cas sitting naked not even a foot away from me. Hell of a surprise. We quickly figured out neither of us could talk, but Cas has spent so much time around humans that he knows most of our spoken language and a little bit of it written. He was able to tell me he saved me and that he was a siren.
Dean flashed a smile. “Nothing. Nothing at all. I’m just happy for once. We actually won.”
“You call me a flatterer,” Cas quipped, grabbing the bottle of lube and squirting some in his palm.
Dean slipped his tongue out to wet his chapped lips. “You’re bigger than I imagined. Hell, you’re bigger than even Benny and he wasn’t small. I haven’t even fingered myself since we broke up. I’m a little nervous to say the least.”
Cas clapped his hands again as he responded. “That sounds like a good idea.” He grabbed his list and started reading through it, never once looking at Dean.
Cas had looked at Dean with one of his famous head tilts. “Is everything ok?”
Dean took a deep breath before slowly releasing it. “Yeah, let’s try that.”
Cas shook his head, grabbing at it with both hands. “Who are you?” he gasped out. “Are you Crowley?”
Dean crushed Jack against his chest as he hugged him. “It was the best gift ever. Thank you,” Dean said around his tears. “You have nothing to apologize for. This night was perfect because of you.”
While they waited for Dean’s food to arrive, they resumed their earlier conversation. “So, how’d you get evicted?”
he offered.
“We are going to King Winchester’s castle in search of the Red Bull,” Meg said.
“Of course, Dean,” Eileen replied, smiling softly. “Does this mean you are done with your quests? Will you never slay another dragon or go searching for another golden fruit?” While she hated the idea of Dean getting hurt, even she could admit that the last few weeks had been good for the prince. He had shed a few pounds, and there was a twinkle in his eyes that wasn’t there when they first arrived at the castle.
Castiel wanted to argue but did as told. Dean returned to Alistair. “Alright, let’s go,” he signed with clipped movements. He scowled as he watched Alistair look up at the boat, trying to catch a glimpse of Cas.
Dean glared at the magician. “I love whom I love,” he declared before pushing away from Sam and running across the cavern and out of the tunnel.
Eileen looked at the unicorn and didn’t know whether to cry or laugh. Before the Bull, he was gaunt and thin; his lustrous coat turned to ash. Without the glow that always seemed to surround him, the unicorn was an absurd creature: a too-small head with a goat’s beard, legs too long and thin like a deer’s, a cow’s cloven hooves, and a lion’s tail.
Dean paled. “What?”
Castiel jerked back as if he had been slapped. His eyes narrowed as he looked at the other angel. “I would suggest you keep your opinions to yourself Michael.”
“You’re my real family now, right? Since you’re Daddy’s soulmate, that means you’re my daddy, and you’re gonna love me forever,” Jack said in a wobbly voice, obviously afraid that Dean hadn’t meant what he said.
“If that’s the case, then once my life is back on track, you’re next!” Dean’s voice left no room for argument.
They set off and for the next month, traveled as much as possible, only stopping for Cas to rest and for them to find food. Since Spot didn’t need to sleep like Cas, she kept watch or would go hunting. Cas was awful at catching food and knew he would have starved without her help.
After getting engaged, Dean suggested that they go looking for the barn owner and buy it from them. That barn was special to him and Cas, and they wanted to keep it around for as long as possible. Tracking down the owner had been easier than tracking down the damn barn. They had ended up buying five acres of land from the man and had built their dream home a few hundred feet from the barn itself. It had been hard to say goodbye to the Bunker and to live over an hour’s drive from Sam, but it was worth it in the end.
Cas smiled a big gummy smile.
Michael held his hand out to Jack who took it. Their eyes flashed colors before they snapped their fingers at the same time. They dropped hands quickly. Jack looked at Sam and Dean with a bright smile. “It’s done! Everyone is back!”
“He can’t,” Meg said. “If Dean does, he will be no hero like he says he is.”
Dean wiped the sweat off his forehead. “Nah, I’m almost done and then we can head back to my place.”
Dean and Cas smiled, laughter dancing in their eyes. Cas slowly slid from Dean’ lap and cautiously moved to sit beside Sam. He reached a hand out and hovered it over Sam. He looked at Dean who nodded in reassurance. He lightly touched Sam’s arm.
Dean woke up, his arms flailing. He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes before turning to Cas.
A shout out to my awesome friend and beta lonewolf34500!
“I’ve missed you too sweetheart. I know I said I wasn’t going to be back until tomorrow, but I just couldn’t wait to see you. I hope that’s ok,” Castiel said as he stared at his boyfriend with a smile.
Cas curled his free hand around the back of Dean’s neck and pulled him forward, their lips meeting in the middle. The kiss was tender and unhurried as it deepened, the men taking their time exploring each other’s mouth. They broke apart when the need for air became too great. Their foreheads rested against each other and Dean had one hand wrapped around Cas’ hand that still rested against his chest.
“I told Ellen this morning I was taking dinner home and that you wanted pie. She made this especially for you since she knows cherry is your favorite,” Cas explained as he grabbed two sodas from the fridge. He took a seat and passed one over to Dean.
Dean gripped the chair so tight his knuckles turned white. He felt something building in him, anger and fury and pain and despair all rolled into one. With a raging snarl, he threw the chair across the room causing Jack and Sam to jump. Without another word, Dean stormed from the room.
Cas let himself be pulled forward. As they moved around the bushes, he sucked in a deep breath. Dean had laid out multiple blankets over three inches thick on the ground. Rose petals were scattered around the ground and across the blankets. The soft light overhead from the lanterns completed the romantic atmosphere.
Mary chuckled at her son’s curiosity. “He had wings but no halo. In fact, he was wearing pants and this big ole trench coat that was way too big for him. He told me not to be afraid of him.”
Everybody filed into the barn, found their seats, grabbed their plates, and headed to the buffet. Dean and Cas were the first to go down the line, and Dean made sure to pile his plate high with a little bit of everything. Jody and Donna had outdone themselves, making sure to have all of Dean’s favorites. There were hamburgers, hotdogs, baked beans, mac and cheese, coleslaw, corn on the cob, green beans, french fries, and cornbread.
“Dean, just tell me.”
All the pent up feelings rushed into the space where their lips met. Every emotion the two of them had ever felt: anger, sadness, heartbreak, loyalty, betrayal, love, flowed between them. Cas pulled Dean even closer, the hunter going willingly. Their lips pressed and slipped against each other, their hands clutching one another, afraid to let go. Cas kissed as if he was starving and Dean kissed like a man possessed.
“Was I doing something wrong,” Cas asked.
“Cas is fine.”
Even with the draperies pulled back, darkness and cold swirled in the cage like living entities. The unicorn had to squint his eyes to make out a shriveled-up figure huddled in the corner. She was rocking back and forth, her entire body nothing more than skin and bones. Her hair was long and greasy, her skin littered with age spots, and her eyes so sunken into their sockets, they were barely visible. She was alone and helpless, and the unicorn couldn’t fathom how the weight of the darkness surrounding her didn’t crush her.
“There’s worse things to be addicted to, Cas. Trust me I know,” Dean replied before taking another bite of pie.
Sam and Cas woke up the following morning to find breakfast waiting for them. Dean had gotten up to use the bathroom and hadn’t been able to fall back asleep. While they were eating, he saw his boyfriend itching at his skin.
The king lashed out, grabbing Castiel’s shoulders. He shook the man and said, “Do not mock me! Do not pretend to have forgotten your quest or act like you need me to remind you. I know what you came here for, and you know that I have it. Keep entertaining my son if you want, but do not surrender now. Try and take them from me!”
Just like in the cave, when Dean said the name, the unicorn became himself once again. He jerked his head from Dean’s hand, reared onto his hind legs, and then lept away. His hooves didn’t make a sound as he bounded across the sand and up the cliffs. At the very top, the unicorn stopped and looked back down at the humans. All four of them called out a name, something that no unicorn had ever had before. They watched the unicorn shiver as if their voices had stabbed him like daggers. With one last trumpeting call, he was gone.
“Look Castiel, the truth is Dean is not capable of beating his addiction on his own. I understand you want to help Dean but what if you disappear tomorrow? I will be right back here without a repairman because Dean will have nobody to keep him on this path he is trying to walk down.” Benny crossed his hands on his desk and stared at Castiel.
Cas swam to the edge of the pool so he could hoist his upper body out, his tail floating behind him. Dean walked over and kneeled in front of him.
After dessert, Claire and Kaia got the music going, and most of the guests started having fun on the dance floor. John and Mary shared a couple of dances, then John returned to his table, saying he wasn’t one for dancing. Mary, unperturbed by her husband’s surliness, grabbed Ellen’s hand, and the two enjoyed rocking out. To everyone’s surprise, Bobby stayed on the dance floor for half a dozen songs before retiring to a table to enjoy a few beers. Crowley and Rowena had one dance together, then Crowley took a seat back at his table. Rowena found Gabe, and it seemed they quickly rekindled their fling from years before. Neither of them had any shame as their dancing got more and more provocative. Mary finally shooed them off and told them to get a room. They took her advice and popped away without a second thought.
Michael was silent for a moment before replying, “I can’t bring Cas back; the Empty won’t allow me to do so.”
“Well, you chose that career, so quit complaining. There’s no way I could handle that man-.” Sam went silent. After a few seconds, he said, “Hey, I’ve gotta go. Eileen needs my help with something. I’ll see you next week. Love you.”
Cas finally tells Dean and Sam the truth about him Falling and how he has mere hours before his grace is completely used up. What happens when Cas runs away to ensure Dean and Sam aren't caught in the crossfire of when his grace explodes? Is there any hope for Cas to survive Falling when no other angel ever has?
A grin was slow to spread across Meg’s lips. “It’s okay. I get it; I do. I’d really love for you to meet her,” Meg said as she rang the items up. “I think you would really like Amy. And Dean, you’ll find that special person.”
He flashed a watery smile at Dean before replying,
Dean and Cas walked hand in hand to the middle of the barn while everyone gathered around them. Dean grabbed Cas’ left hand in his right and slipped his arm around his husband’s waist, pulling Cas close until their chests were touching. Dean stared into his husband’s eyes where love was plain to see in the twin oceans. “Love you, honeybee,” he whispered.
“THEY’RE GONE!” Dean finally shouted. “BILLIE IS DEAD! And so is Cas,” Dean added, the fight draining from his body. He looked at his brother, tears blurring the outline of Sam’s face. “Cas knew of a way to kill Billie, so the stupid angel sacrificed himself like he always does.”
Dean flipped the top off and his face lit up like the lights on a Christmas tree. “You brought home an entire pie?”
Jack wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist and buried his head in the older man’s chest. “Thanks Dean.” Sam came up behind them and pressed his chest to Jack’s back. The three of them reveled in the moment.
“Only for you baby.”
Cas pulled himself onto the edge of the concrete and rushed to untie the ropes that bound Dean’s wrists. He lost his grip and fell back into the pool but finally he managed to untie the ropes. As soon as he was done, Dean quickly untied his ankles. He turned to Cas. He crawled to the edge and crushed their mouths together.
“I think I might be in love,” Dean said matter of factly.
As soon as Cas was completely out of the pool, he shifted back to human. He heard Sam yelp but didn’t care as he walked over to his clothes and hastily pulled them on, uncaring if he still had water dripping down his body. Once he was clothed, he turned back to the brothers.
They walked out of the house towards the barn. Dean gasped as he took in the decorations for the first time. Wooden barrels formed an aisle leading from the house towards where the guests were sitting. Vases full of flowers sat on each barrel, but the arrangements were so tastefully done that they weren’t overwhelming. Alex and Patience had wrapped thin vines and fairy lights together and then wrapped them around and hung them between the barrels.
Sam and Dean watched through pain filled eyes as Chuck’s body was enveloped in black smoke. Tendrils of light could be seen twisting and cutting through the smoke, as if trying to escape its clutches. Jack walked up and slid his hand into the darkness and the light slowly entered his fingers and travelled up his hand. Jack’s whole body glowed as he consumed the light until there was nothing left. When he turned to look at Sam and Dean, one eye was black and the other a bright gold.
“So close, freckles, just a little more,” Cas panted, sweat coating his body.
Castiel continued to pet the cat. “Cruel is for humans, Eileen, which I am not.” His hand stilled in the bright red fur, and he stared at his fingers. He pulled his hand away and held it in front of his face, slowly twisting it back and forth. “At least, I am not supposed to be human. I am not supposed to have hands and wear clothes and know cruelty or show kindness.” Castiel’s voice was mocking and bitter as he spoke.
Cas scrambled to comply, going down to his forearms, sticking his ass in the air as he spread his legs wide. He looked over his shoulder. “Dean, c’mon, I want you!”
“He would if he could talk. Dean has been mute for years. Now, if you’re gonna arrest somebody, that man tied up on the ground is the one to arrest,” growled Bobby.
“I’m all yours, honeybee; I’ll always be yours,” Dean said softly, pressing a tender kiss to Cas’ lips.
Cas snorted. “Nice to know your ego hasn’t deflated while I was gone.”
“No, as your big brother, I was inclined to do so.” Dean laughed so hard that he set his mug down, not wanting the coffee to slosh over the sides.
“What do you mean, Eileen? Please, what is so unique about Cas?” Dean asked. Charlie jumped back into his lap, rubbing her head along his chin. He absentmindedly scratched her ear as he watched Sam and Eileen share a quick kiss. Dean’s eyes narrowed, and his lips curved into a frown. “Never have I seen my brother smile so much or be smitten with someone the way he is with you. There has never been a cat in the castle, and I don’t remember the last time my father looked at me with something other than disappointment. While I don’t often just sit around the castle, never before have I been so eager to go on an early morning quest as I have since Cas showed up. Does he have something to do with it? Is that what you mean when you say he is unique and different?”
He handed the bottle back to Dean, smacking his lips, trying to rid his mouth of the taste.
Jack faltered. “You never wrote me?”
The unicorn had taken a few steps back, and Dean walked to him until he could reach out and run his fingers gently down the front of his face. The unicorn let his nose rest against Dean’s chest, right over his heart. They both trembled as their gazes locked, and the unicorn said, “ I remember you. I remember everything.”
Dean’s eyes darkened in anger as he clenched his jaw. He sat silently for a few minutes, his hands clenching and unclenching on the table. “What do you mean you aren’t going to KU? I thought that’s what you wanted?”
Dean smiled as he got up to get his boyfriend the drink. By then the lasagna was out the oven and he helped his mom serve everyone before taking a seat back at the table. Everybody quickly dug in, enjoying the food with gusto.
“Thank you, Dean. I will see you Wednesday.” Cas already sounded more like himself after Dean’s affirmation.
Castiel shook his head.
“Dad said Winchesters aren’t faggots.”
Cas hugged his son. “I think you got a little too excited. You should go a little slower so your angel doesn’t get messed up. Like this,” Cas said, laying down and going through the motions of making an angel. He stood to his feet and looked at his angel, quite proud of how good it came out since it was his first one ever. “See, monkey, you went too fast. Want to try it again?”
“You know, I didn’t realize how much I missed that smarmy British accent until now,” Dean said before he stepped up and hugged the demon briefly.
“Cas, don’t forget, I don’t have my car so we will have to carry whatever we buy, and the closest grocery store is a fifteen-minute walk from here. What’s the notepad for,” Dean asked as he took a seat.
Cas’ cheeks heated up at seeing the hungry look on Dean’s face. He swept his hand down his body, emphasizing his peaked nipples and hardened cock.
Cas smirked before taking the head into his mouth. He lapped up the salty precum and tongued at the slit. Dean bucked his hips, pushing his dick further into Cas’ mouth. Cas moved his hands to hold Dean’s hips down so he could move at his own pace. He brought his mouth up and went back to suckling just the head. Every other second, a drop of precum would slide from the slit and he would savor it before swallowing.
Red roses too
Cas scurried to get into position, trembling in anticipation. He relaxed slightly when he felt Dean run his hands softly down his back and sides. He felt Dean lay his palm in the middle of his shoulder blades and push his upper body into the mattress. Castiel went with the motion and then Dean was pulling at his thighs, widening the distance between them. He shivered as he felt the cool air of the room caress his exposed hole.
Dean stretched his arms above his head, a few cracks echoing into the silent room, as he moved to lean back against the headboard. “I didn’t sleep all that well either. I missed being in your arms.” He looked at his finger and rubbed against the silver ring with an emerald and sapphire inlaid into it, a perfect match to Cas’.
“Everything’s fine,” Dean replied, turning his head and pressing a tender kiss to Cas’ cheek. Dean turned and focused on Jack. “Hey, kid.”
Cas kissed him again, much softer this time. “I know, I felt the same way. In the Empty, we’re tortured with all of our regrets and my dreams were haunted by nothing but you. All the missed chances and all the times I failed you. I never imagined I would get to see you again.”
Cas nodded. “That’s actually my favorite topic as well. So, what kind of project do you want to do?”
Dean shoved the last bite of his burrito in his mouth and then followed with the last of his coffee. He wiped his hands on his jeans before standing up and saying, “Let’s get this over with.”
Castiel smiled at him, although it was a clueless smile, for he had no idea what to say to the king. He only ever saw the man at the edge of his vision while he spent his time with Dean. When he had asked about the king, Dean had grown quiet and requested Cas never ask again, and he had done as Dean asked.
Castiel smiled one of his gummy smiles before throwing his arms around Dean and hugging him tightly.
They had initially asked Claire to be the flower girl but had quickly retracted the offer when she threw a frying pan at both their heads. She did agree to stand as Cas’ best man, er woman. Funnily enough, Jack had eagerly offered to be the flower boy, saying he would love nothing more than to walk down the aisle and cover it with rose petals. Dean and Cas had hugged him and said that was a perfect idea.
He shook his head, “No, single child and both parents are dead.”
They traded lazy kisses until they had recovered enough to move. Cas groaned at the feeling of being empty when Dean’s cock slipped from his hole. Dean went to the bathroom and returned with a wet washcloth to clean both of them off. He was careful as he wiped around Cas’ rim, knowing his boyfriend would be sore after his first time.
“Don’t you dare!”
Cas stood to his full height, his wings stretching to their full length. They easily passed through the objects in Dean’s kitchen, but Michael would be able to see the threat. “I did what I had to do. As you said, I have never failed with any of my charges and I refuse to fail with this one. Dean deserves a chance. If my life is the price that needs to be paid, then so be it.”
Dean was surprised by the total. “That price seems low. The purse alone was one fifty.”
Cas snuggled closer, slotting his butt against Dean’s pelvis and his back against the man’s chest. He looked over his shoulder and Dean leaned forward to kiss him. It was an odd angle for Cas, but the feel of Dean’s lips on his were worth it. They drifted off to sleep, both content and happy.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah bitch we are, got a problem with it?”
Cas all but sobbed as he buried his face in his boyfriend’s shoulder.
Crowley glared at the woman before him. “Hmph, and what if it was your stomach she wanted? Would you be so quick to appease her?”
“Gabe identifies as pansexual and genderfluid. He never cared what our mother or brothers thought of him. At seventeen, he told our mother she could fuck herself and walked out the house and never looked back. He was the inspiration I needed to come out. Without his support I might never have told my mother the truth about my sexuality,” Cas explained.
Dean looked at Cas with a raised eyebrow. “You’re not coming with me?”
“You’re welcome,” Dean said, his voice stiff.
Dean had always pushed people away, but he decided that he couldn’t do that any longer. “It was my fault Sammy. I-I was his- his true happiness.”
Dean had no choice but to do as ordered. He pulled the anchor up and then walked to the wheel. He turned the boat around and set a course back to the institute, trying to come up with a way to save Cas. He knew nobody would be at the institute for another hour or so and had to come up with something before anybody showed up.
Cas walked up and slid an arm around Dean’s waist as he pressed a kiss to his cheek. “So am I.”
“Should I stop?” Cas asked worriedly.
“Damn woman, how am I supposed to pick just one? You know what, ring me up for a slice of each and I’ll take some home with me.”
The next two days sped by and also seemed to move at a snail’s pace. Dean knew what he was going to say but every time he thought about it, his dad’s voice would pop inside his head. When that happened, he would try and redirect his thoughts to other things. It usually worked but sometimes it didn’t. Those times would leave Dean huddled on the couch wondering if he was brave enough to tell Cas the truth.
“That’s kind of surprising since squirrels are known to be quite chatty,” Cas said. He squeezed Dean’s hand gently and glanced down, still surprised to see the open book and cherry pie on someone’s wrist besides his own. He swiped his thumb against the mark on Dean’s wrist and smiled. “I never thought I would see my soulmate mark on another person’s wrist. I thought I was too old for it to happen.”
Once they had calmed down, Dean grabbed a spare rag and wiped them off before bending over and wiping the cum off the deck of the boat.
Dean reached out and rubbed his hands up and down the other man’s arms, trying to calm him.
Although Sam and Eileen both had regular jobs, they never gave up the hunting life completely. They raised their children knowing how to protect themselves but never forcing them to hunt like John had forced Sam and Dean. Dean and Mary followed in their parents’ footsteps, living a normal life but going on a hunt every once in a while. Through the years, the bunker remained home for the Winchester family. Too many memories had been made to abandon it.
Jack looked at Dean with an eager expression, and he was reminded of just how young the Nephilim was. He stepped away from Cas and pulled Jack into the shelter of his arms. “Thank you for everything you’ve done for us, Jack. I meant what I said up there. You’re my son, and I love you so much. Cas and I are so proud of everything you’ve accomplished. I know we got off to a rough start, and I’m sorry about that. I just hope I can make it up to you.”
Cas chuckled, nothing more than a soft sigh escaping him. “Dean, God is literally standing five feet away, and there are three powerful angels not that far behind him.”
“I’m glad you had his support. Your mother is an ass and she didn’t deserve you anyways. You’re a pretty cool guy regardless of the gender you prefer,” Dean said as he flashed a small smile at Cas.
“I’ve got some business to take care of, and then I figured I’d get my shopping done as well. I might go to the bar tonight,” Gabe replied.
The two women started walking, but the man made no movement except to wrap the cloak more firmly around his shoulders. He looked at the castle and reached up to touch the mark where his horn had been. He took a deep breath and, for the first time, could faintly smell saltwater. He took one final look at the castle before following his companions.
he whimpered.
Cas’ thighs were trembling, barely able to hold him up with the pleasure that was swamping his body. He had never felt anything like this, and Dean was only two fingers deep in him. Would he be able to hold out for the man’s cock?
“What about Sammy?”
Once their plates were threatening to fall out of their hands, Dean and Cas headed to their table. Dean grinned when he saw large wooden angel wings hanging behind their chairs. “Whose idea was that?”
Cas tilted his head, “
“It depends on what you’re thinking,” Dean said, his lips twisted in a smirk as he moved to stand in front of the other man.
Dean pulled away from Mary and faced his dad. He dropped his gaze, afraid of what his father was going to say. Dean was shocked when he felt John grab him by the arm and enfold him in a tight embrace. He let out a gasp before wrapping his arms around his dad’s shoulder and burying his face against John’s neck, trying to hide the tears.
“It does seem to be your worst problem Dean. Your addiction to alcohol is affecting all other aspects of your life. I believe if we can deal with that problem, then we can fix a lot of your other problems,” Castiel explained.
When he could hear Dean’s even breathing, Cas snuck out the apartment. He chose to walk to the convenience store on the corner. It was a short walk and it gave Cas time to collect his thoughts. He was trying to come up with ways to start fixing Dean’s apartment and spend the least amount of money in the process.
Cheers erupted around them as they continued to stare at each other. Dean pressed a tender kiss to Cas’ lips and whispered, “That wasn’t so bad, now was it? I told you, you had nothing to worry about.”
Dean chewed on his lip and cast a glance in Cas’ direction. The boy was still drawing, not paying anyone else in the room any attention. He looked back at his teacher. “It’s about Cas.”
Cas’ entire demeanor changed. His shoulders slumped, he cast his eyes to the ground, and the corners of his lips turned down. He reached for the handle of the car, scurrying to get out the vehicle. He was halfway to the door of his house before Dean’s brain caught up and he hurried after Cas. He grabbed the man’s shoulder and spun him around just before he reached the door.
“I didn’t want you hating him. He was our dad, he was all the family we had left,” Dean said simply.
“You said you always wanted to recreate the scene from Tangled and I wanted to do that for you. You’ve done so much for me and have made me so happy these past couple of weeks that I wanted to do something nice for you.” Dean’s cheeks were dark red as he stared at Cas.
Cas looked at the building with awe. The roof was covered in layers of brand new black shingles, and the brown coat of paint on the wooden exterior was no more than a few days old. Pristine white frames outlined all the windows, and the rolling doors had large, freshly painted white “X’s” on them. Lanterns hung next to the windows, casting a soft light as darkness slowly descended on the land.
They were too exhausted to do much of anything. They took care of their nightly routines, dressed in pajamas, and fell into bed. Cas plastered himself to Dean’s back who didn’t even argue about being the little spoon. Both men were asleep within minutes.
The other rider continued to look around, a deep look of concentration etched on his face. Suddenly, he whistled for the dogs while turning his horse around. “I dislike the feel of these woods. The creatures who live in a unicorn’s forest tend to learn a little magic of their own in time. Come, let’s go! We won’t find any game to hunt in these woods.”
A few weeks later, Dean and Sam were sitting in the kitchen cutting potatoes, helping Eileen prepare a stew for dinner. Ever since they arrived at the castle, Sam had hardly left Eileen’s side, and the two had grown very close. Upon learning that she was Deaf and knew sign language, Sam had insisted on learning it himself. Meg and Dean had learned a few words but not as much as Sam, who could now have entire conversations with Eileen.
“Yeah I do know you or at least I know of a statue that looks just like you. There’s a statue in the park off Main street and it’s almost an exact replica of you right down to the trench coat you’re wearing. The only thing you’re missing are the giant wings on your back,” Dean rambled as he continued to stare at Castiel in shock.
Alistair snarled and pulled the gun on Dean. He pointed it straight at his chest. “Tell me where the fucking siren is right now! I know you untied yourself and did something with it, now tell me or so help me I will shoot you.”
Sweat was pouring from Dean’s skin as he fought to keep his orgasm at bay. “Yeah baby but if you don’t get in me pretty soon, I’m gonna finish before you get a chance.”
While Dean ate his toast and sipped his coffee, he pulled his phone out and checked his email and social media. He had one email from his principal reminding all the teachers that their grades would be due after Christmas break. Otherwise, she wished everyone happy holidays and reminded them to enjoy their vacation. Dean scrolled through his Facebook for a few minutes before slamming his phone down on the table with disgust. Dean’s entire newsfeed was filled with pictures of friends and family who had either finally found their soulmate or had already found their soulmate and were enjoying life together.
“Yes, please,” the unicorn hurried to say.
Jo punched Dean lightly in the arm. “You two better not run him off. Mom will hit you both over the head.”
Dean and Cas go swimming together and the Cas meets Mary for the first time. Mary and Bobby have a few secrets of their own. More Dean/Cas domestic fluff.
The unicorn stood there, staring at the night sky. He pawed at the ground, unsure of how he felt in response to the butterfly’s words. “At least he knew me,” he whispered to no one. The unicorn heaved a sigh. “No, that may not be true. He probably heard a song or poem about unicorns and this Red Bull. I can’t trust a butterfly and his ramblings. So then, where do I go from here?”
When Cas settled a hand on her side and his other hand on Dean’s, the blonde could hear her thoughts.
I know you never wanted to drag me back into the hunting life, and if there had been any other option, you wouldn’t have but looking back, I’m glad you did. I wouldn’t take back these past fifteen years for nothing. We’ve been through Hell, we’ve been to Hell, but our bond has always survived. You have always been the one constant in my life, the one person I could always turn to. You’ve supported me and taken on huge burdens because you refused to let me do so. I’ve watched you die, I’ve watched you be possessed, and every time I was so afraid I would lose you for good. But you always managed to come back. I couldn’t imagine my life without you. Even though I have Eileen and you have Cas, you’re always going to be my brother, and we’re always going to love each other. I wish you a long and happy life with Cas because there isn’t another person on this Earth who deserves it more than you. I love you, Dean.”
Dean’s hand faltered and his gaze lifted to Michael. The archangel shook his head. Dean focused on Jack whose eyes were sparkling with unshed tears. “We can’t Dean. I want Cas back too, but we can’t make that deal this time.” The Nephilim bared his teeth as Chuck’s power surged outward, trying to break the bonds that held him. “Dean, hurry!”
Cas looked down, not wanting Dean to see the look in his eye. He knew of course what Dean was talking about. He had to stand by helplessly and watch that argument pan out between the brothers.
Dean smirked.
“GAH,” he screamed as he threw the phone and paper onto the table. He scrubbed at his face, muttering, “Why is this so hard?”
Dean licked his dry lips. “It’s fine, Cas. You didn’t freak me out.”
Dean sighed heavily, “No, but I don’t think the problem is going to go away. Especially with Cas being a constant presence.”
Young Dean’s body trembled at the memory of the nightmare that had woken him and caused Mary to come rushing into his room. “How do you know momma?”
Cas asked.
“Rest assured it was. What Dean is trying to tell you is he wanted to pay the month’s rent and  also has a proposition for you.” Cas pulled his wallet out and counted out the money Dean owed his landlord and passed it over.
Dean threw Meg away from him. His eyes narrowed, and his lips stretched in a hard line. “You’re right; that is what heroes are for. Magicians don’t save the day; they just spout words. Heroes, they’re meant to die for unicorns and save them in the process.”
Missouri frowned at him. “You aren’t going to listen to it, are you?”
“Cas isn’t a
“And who says that?” Eileen asked. “Who says the order of things can’t be broken?”
Cas squinted his eyes and cocked his head, confused by the man’s question.
“Just got a call from some college kid whose car broke down by the old bowling alley. Don’t know what he was doing out there, but can you go tow him in? I’d send Garth but he’s elbows deep in Ms. Tran’s truck,” Bobby explained.
Cas looked at Meg, and terror filled his eyes. “No, she changed me once, and she can do it again. We will lose each other when it happens. I will not love you when I am a unicorn, and you won’t love me the same way. You will love me because I’m ethereal and beautiful, not because your heart belongs to me. Even if we do stay together, I will be forced to watch you age and die while I will live forever.”
Dean had watched in amazement as Cas swam up to it and touched it gently on its side, speaking to it. The two had swam back to Dean who had a gleeful look on his face. He had seen countless leopard sharks and tagged dozens of them, but he had never been swimming with one. That’s exactly what this female shark did. For half an hour she swam next to them and had even curled up in Dean’s arms, letting him run his fingers down her scaly body.
“Oh man, I can’t wait to meet your brother,” Dean said, shoving the last of his pie in his mouth. “I have a feeling we’ll get along just fine.” He glanced down at the mark on his wrist and grinned. “I still can’t believe I finally found you. It’s scary how accurate our mark is. I mean, you’re a published author, and I adore cherry pie.”
Dean looked at the coat still clutched tightly in his hands, the handprint the only thing he had left of Cas. He clenched his jaw, wanting to just say yes, so they could kill Chuck once and for all. “You have to ask Sam and Jack. This is as much their decision as mine.”
“Oh yes, child.”
Eileen laughed as she laid a hand over Dean’s. “And what about you? What are you going to do with your free will?”
Cas replied tonelessly.
“As I said before, I am looking at the sea,” Castiel replied, his gaze never leaving the turbulent waters. “Unlike you and the rest of the people in this room, it brings me peace of mind.”
After they had finished their pie, Dean asked, “Cas, what if we got a TV?”
Cas’ eyes were glistening blue as he reached out and laid his palm on Dean’s shoulder. “Goodbye Dean,” he said, his voice thick and full of emotion.
Cas gaped at her. “You know that I care about Dean?”
To Dean’s right, Cas and Jack were discussing the ways in which Jack had rewired Heaven. Instead of everybody being in their own little worlds, Jack had turned Heaven into one big open space so that you could now spend eternity with all of your loved ones instead of just your memories.
