“Well,” Steve drawled.  “I wasn’t born at the top of the heap.  Quite the opposite in fact.  Tell me, how did a spoiled princeling end up in a forge?”
Steve set his jaw and averted his eyes.  They were starting to draw a crowd, and Tony knew how painful it still was for Steve to talk about the war.  Tony wanted so badly to know himself, but Steve hadn’t had time to process everything yet, so he didn’t push.  “They wanted footage of Captain America storming the beaches.  Symbolic, good for morale, and all that.”
Carol is giggling when Tony makes his way over to them. “What’re you laughing at?” he grumbles, but she just hands him the thermos, laughing the entire time.
He dug the packets of shampoo and bodywash out of the emergency bag (every member of the team had one, filled with toiletries and clothes that were stored next to the emergency rations in the Quinjet), and after setting them on the ledge of the bath tub, turned to undress while the water heated up.
Carol starts laughing, and they have to stall another ten minutes after everyone except he and Steve come down with the giggles.
Steve had been distracted the past few weeks, spending long hours studying intel, going on recon missions with Sam and Nat and Bucky.  When he was home, he slept.
“Send me a message by bird if you need me back for any reason.”  Fury bowed stiffly, then dissipated into the night.
Bucky had just gotten out of an appointment with one of the best prosthetic surgeons around, who was very interested by the recent offer from Stark Industries to be the surgeon to implant Tony Stark’s newest endeavor: a metal-and-carbon fiber forearm that mimicked actual muscle movements and would seamlessly integrated itself within the nervous system, making it the most advanced bio-hybrid limb yet.  It didn’t matter that Tony
The first woman stood before the others, hands on her hips.  She looked maybe Tony’s age, or a little younger, but knowing nymphs she could be a newborn or ancient.  Her tunic was a light, pure blue, like an opaque ocean wave, with silver fastenings, that ended mid-calf.  Her rich brown hair was lose, except for a circlet studded with pearls wound round her brow.  Matching armbands were on her well-tanned biceps.  She shocked Tony with how tan she was, as few women spent so much time in the sun.  But then, she obviously wasn’t any normal woman.
“First off: how do you turn in to humans? Are dragons some special offshoot of humans?  Why does my blood test as human?”
It wasn’t the type of bathing he was used to.  Back home, he had a tub carved from black marble and the slaves poured water heated to his exact instructions.  They oiled him, scraped him down, trimmed his beard, prepared his clothes, and dressed him.  But it was never relaxing.  It was always some sort of front.  Eyes were always watching.
“It's powered by arc reactor, self sustaining energy source.  That building will run itself for what, a year?”
“I don’t care.  Just let me be the drunk uncle,” Clint intoned before Natasha swatted him.  She ignored his whines of protest and pulled Tony into a hug.
Tony stretched and yawned, blinked impossibly wide, then smiled brilliantly up at him.  “Steve,” he murmured, sounding
He’s never inhaled the crystallizing vapor of clouds before. It’s crisp and clear and burns his nose.
“Okay, and that.  You keep talking about how you’re – how we’re special or something.  You keep having all this talk of being prepared, having enough people, of having the
“I got you, Tony,” Steve grunted, not breaking Tony’s gaze.  “I got you.”  He began to kiss anything he could reach, Tony’s lips, chin, beard, cheeks, ear, eyelid.
Except for the tension that was thrumming underneath Steve’s skin.  Being alone with Tony had never been a hardship before.  Before his realization, he had enjoyed that time immensely, the hours he had spent simply hanging out with Tony.  Sitting with Tony in his workshop, listening to Tony as he babbled about his inventions, bringing food to Tony so he didn’t starve.
Agent Romanoff interrupted their stilted conversation.  “Gentlemen, you might want to step inside in a minute.  It’s gonna get a little hard to breathe.”
“Can it, Zemo. What’re you up to?” Steve calls over the sound of Carol preemptively smashing all the remaining windows for some reason.  Maybe to prevent injuries if someone gets chucked through a window today.  It happens often enough.  The henchmen circling the perimeter are squealing and running for cover from the shards of glass.  Or maybe she’s just messing with them.  That also happens often enough.
But Tony didn’t really look at Steve, and Steve didn’t say anything, so when Tony was naked as well the two wordlessly waded into the surf and began to swim.
Despite his inabilities at vocalizing what he wants, Steve knows.  This is something Steve is familiar with.
doesn’t care.  He cups a hand around the back of Steve’s neck and pulls him down a few inches to be within kissing range (he curses his lack of shoes).
A look of vague indignation crossed Tony’s face.  “I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that.  Not even pregnant yet, and he already thinks I’m fat.”
Steve breaks away.  “I’m sorry, Tony.  I’m sorry, truly, and in spite of it I want you to know how much I do lo-“
The day was still. The slight dryness was all that hinted at the approaching summer. The only sign of life between the corn and bean fields was the fain buzz of traffic along I-65. The fresh black asphalt was already fading in the sun, but the white and yellow lines on the pavement were still bright. There was a grogginess to the commuters in their Studebakers, the dullness that prolonged car travel caused. People jumped into alertness as a pair of state troopers passed on their motorbikes, but aside from that the interstate was lethargic.
None of the records were digitized, so Tony was forced to spend several days in a mildew-y basement, digging through the musty boxes holding the records from the month before his adoption. There must have been some scrap of information Howard had missed.
Bruce gave him a look not unlike Pepper.  “You are two grown men in a serious romantic relationship.  Call and ask.”
“These models-“  Bucky tapped the model on his, a brunette wearing a black leather jacket covered in buckles and army green cargo pants, and sliding sunglasses back into her hair.  “Could they possibly be, um, changed?”
“Steve,” Sam muttered as Redwing licked fig juice off his fingers, “we’ve all been being rude then.”
But they were best friends, confidants, and brothers.  Tony didn’t care that Rhodey’s mother was different from his own; they were brothers where it mattered.
That was . . . new.  The gods had largely disappeared from Earth.  If a goddess looked on him with favor . . . .
With a groan, he pulls his phone out, and hits the 8 on speed dial. As it rings, he hunches over, wrapping an arm around his knees. Large cold drops fall slowly, dampening his hair and beading on his phone.
“There’s a reason people don’t talk about their kids.  Gives people information you might not want them to have.”
– just knelt right down and scooped Tony up in a bridal carry. Maybe it was the oxygen deprivation or maybe it was his failing heart, but it was the hottest thing he’d ever had done to him. Which was saying something. “Mister, we’ve got to get you to a hospital!”
The gold filament in Tony’s eyes is burning so bright Steve wonders if it might burn out.  But it won’t, he knows.  It’s burning from that newly opened gulf of love, and the fuel will never burn out.
He groaned and buried his face in one of Pepper’s stupid throw pillows.  “I am the worst boyfriend in the world.”
as he moved the device within himself, whimpering and crying out.  A slick column of red moving between well-muscled cheeks.
Tony would be so good.  And he would be Tony, not the Tony Stark.  He wouldn’t be compelled to act or be something other than himself.  The only expectation Steve ever had for Tony was for him to be himself.  Tony would be himself, all that focused energy on
Clint swallowed.  “You ever been out on a battlefield for days on end?  Like the ones where you need to stop and rest and eat before you continue?  Rations are the food you eat when you’re in battle, or trekking in the field.”
No one really feels at home there.  Tony least of all.  It’s the ultimate modern office.  So he doesn’t begrudge them leaving.  Barton seems like he belongs wallowing in dirt, anyway.
There was a relieved silence aside from Steve inhaling and the clickety-clack of the model trains next door.  After a moment, he barked out a sharp laugh.  He looked at daughter of the man with the orange.  “You’re never going to eat an orange again, are you?”
Tony lets scalding cheese scorch his throat in his haste to answer. “For the time being, which is what the answer always is.  I took a break, went to figure some stuff out.  I’m back now.”
Tony had never been showered with dried fruits and nuts before.  It was tradition to shower new members of a household with offerings to Hestia to formally welcome a person into the house.  The ritual was usually performed for new brides, slaves, and other people who were “adopted” into the
For a long time, Tony didn’t envy the children of godly parents.  Yeah, they were likely to insure your success, but at what cost?  As he grew, however, Tony began to relate.  Yeah, he saw Howard plenty, but it wasn’t like they spent their free time drinking together and playing
Heyy, 10 chapters down, only a million more to go.  I hope y’all are enjoying it so far ‘cause I’m only getting started.  Next chapter will have some action! (and if you do like this, could you like, tell me, because I am sad and comments make me feel 100x better)
Happy was there in less than ten minutes. Tony pulled his shirt to cover the chest plate, accepted the bag Happy passed him, and slammed the door on Happy’s complaints that Pepper was getting calls asking if he was dead, so she had called Happy and had yelled at
Gently, Steve’s hand slipped beneath Tony’s chin, and ever so lightly pressed two fingers to his jugular.
It always surprised him, how terrified prostitutes and dancers were when they woke up in his chambers, like they expected him to once again throw himself upon them.  Truthfully, he couldn’t bring himself to sleep with them sober.
Steve didn’t think he should be too worried.  “As I told you, war is coming, but not between Akhaians.  We have to remain vigilant and united until we receive our signal.  We won’t be the ones who throw the first spear, but be on guard, Tony.  We can’t let petty quarrels and pure restlessness weaken us just when we should be strong.”
Steve looks up, and bare eyes meet his, violet pouches beneath and well-kept brows above and wiry lashes around.
“And that’s why Clint is so familiar with the area,” Natasha noted as she snagged the back of his quiver as Clint tried to sneak into Bruce’s . . . cave.  “We’re having dinner soon.  Would you like to risk an unwelcome appearance because you have no self control?”
Warning: Natasha tells Steve some pretty difficult stuff about her past.  Nothing graphic, and very short, but if you are sensitive to discussions about past rape, please heed caution.
it was the pre-nup thing.  “No.  I mean, we’ve put the plans on hold until we get it sorted out.  Steve’s not . . . they did have pre-nups back then.  And I didn’t really look at the document before we were gonna sign it . . . .”
Carol strolls up to him, bearing a warm bottle of water, which Tony guzzles greedily. She’s smiling, but there is a pinched look in her eyes.  “Glad to see you back.”
“Eat shit and die, Rhodes.  You’re the mother of the groom and will be wearing taupe accordingly,” Bucky sneered playfully.  “As the mother of the bride I will be wowing everyone in blue.  Or violet.”
There was some story, Steve knew, of the moon goddess Selene falling in love with a mortal shepherd.  She asked for him to be granted eternal sleep, and visited him every night, as he dreamed he held the moon in his arms.
“Well, they say to take some of them with food, so now’s a good time as any,” Tony yawned, starching his arms over his head, sweatshirt riding up to show-
Some small part of him was telling him that if Steve hadn’t set up the room personally, he at least made all the decisions regarding it.
cold.  He was covered in a rough blanket.  Had he passed out somewhere weird?  There was something in his nose.  There was something buzzing in his chest.  Oh, his chest ached.  Like someone had done open-heart surgery or something.
, Steve waited thirty seconds, taking Tony’s pulse before removing his hand, fingers trailing softly along the skin, and Tony wanted to whine at the loss.  He almost missed the shaky breath of relief that Steve let out.
Steve jumped like he had been caught. “Um, no,” he muttered distractedly. “Things have just – I hadn’t realized how much had changed.”
“Nah, I’ll just be surprised,” Bruce smiled good-naturedly.  He glanced back at the lab table, and seeing the spread on equipment seemed to realize what the new step was.  “Well, I’ve done all I can for you two.  Tony, you know how to implant them in the arto-utero?  Good, well, congratulations!” and he quickly made his escape, unbuttoned lab coat snapping with the sudden movement.
“You’re welcome.”  And it was probably the most sincere thing Tony had said since he got back to Athens.
neither of them had ever had.  Something close, staring into each other’s eyes as they sought something tentative and sweet and strong and
It was very obviously some genetic experiment gone wrong, but none of it was Steve’s main concern at the moment.
With a sigh, he pops open the door, pausing only to snatch up the small black overnight bag in the passenger seat next to him.  He shuts the door quietly, and takes in his surroundings.  It’s the site of a small rustic cabin, located high on a ledge above him.  There’s one other vehicle in the driveway, a nondescript navy SUV.  He doesn’t run the plates, but knows they’d either come up false or stolen.
, Captain America.  So I have studied legends and followed stories.  Of orphaned children that go away to find their families and never return, and if they do, their hearts are far away.  Seeing Tony Stark disappear simply set the ball rolling.”
Steve’s hands stilled over the StarkPad above him.  “‘Cincinnati Museum Center at Cincinnati Union Terminal’?”
“Look, I’m sorry about that little show back there, but . . . we thought it best to break it to you slowly.”
Pikas bowed out of the way as Tony brought the horse through the water, while the man stood on the opposite bank, clutching his hat.
They passed the Darcy chick and the groomsman who looked like Robin Hood getting it on in hall.  She was using her headset to choke him.
Tony scans the setup. They’re in a warehouse area.  Aside from the green-suited men taking fire from both the aerial and ground Avengers, and their mystery-blasters-of-the-week, he and Steve have Zemo to themselves.  The Baron himself stands on a platform with minimal equipment, a massive gun of some sort strapped to his side, with a reservoir full of a grayish liquid and large needle to administer it.
“Well,” Tony began awkwardly, “my father’s family tree begins with Theseus.  Or Poseidon, if you want.  He had two sons with Pheadra, Demophon and Acamas, who both fought in the Trojan War.  They were all run out of Athens eventually, except for Daphoenissa, Theseus and Pheadra’s daughter.  She had a son by Hermes, Stheino, who eventually became king.  Stheino had my father, Hoples, and well, then came me.”
in the way that Steve watched him, lips falling open and head tilted slightly to the right. He blushed whenever Tony complemented him, stuttered when Tony was overly generous, and always stared into his eyes. Steve only called him Mister Stark when they were in the company of others. When it was Pepper or Happy, or just the two of them, he was just “Tony”. And it never ceased to send a thrill through him at the gentle way Steve shaped his name in his mouth.
“Oi!  Shoo!” one of the sailors cried, immediately whipping the others into a frenzy.  Tony turned to see the elegant swoop of golden-brown feathers with a red under-wing glide over and settled lightly on the railing next to him.  The falcon analyzed him with sharp golden eyes, before letting out a screech and taking flight again, looping once around the mast before setting off towards the north, leaving the ship in his slip-stream.
Tony jolts, needing to turn back time, only a few seconds because now he’s done it. He’s gone and fucked it all up. He’s taken a pair of cutters to the delicate wire that they have wound between them. Severed. And nothing will be the same.
Tony gestures jerkingly at the formation on the sideboard.  “Iron pyrite.  Fool’s gold.  Used to be mistaken for real gold.  It’s soft and brittle, but under close scrutiny it’s worthless.”
was Tony sleeping on a lumpy mattress with Bucky snoring on the next bed over in a crappy motel room on his first sort-of vacation with Steve.
“Okay, I have to know,” Tony said over Steve’s guffaws.  “What’s the circumference of this island?  Because you’re obviously a maniac.”
Steve’s body twitched, shuddered.  He shuddered again, full bodied, tremors rattling the brass bedstead gently.  Tony closed his eyes and went still just as Steve awoke with a gasp.
“Can I start on the B-side?  ‘Reelin’ in the Years’ is kind of my song,” Tony asked, sliding the wax disk out of the yellowed cardboard.
There has been a few occasions that Tony had met with some boy or another who met his fancy.  It wasn’t like the much older men, at any rate.  More honest, less lecherous.  Tony wasn’t vain, but he knew he was pretty.  Teenage lust was more justifiable than political maneuvering.  He’d given it up after the whole mess with Tityos a couple of years before.  Ty was cute, yes, but when he had started asking Tony if it would be possible that Tony could convince Howard to get this or that appointment for Ty’s father.  Sex and politics went hand in hand, Tony knew.  But he wasn’t going to mix them.
Steve slams his fists on the table, making the warped boards shutter and clang against the bolts holding them down.  Tony stands firm.
He shouldn’t see certain things.  Maybe five years ago, it could be excused.  Playboy, sex fiend, all that.
“Tony, listen to me: you are a trailblazer, are you not? Mother has done her best to teach you about our lives, but you do understand it need not be
“I hadn’t really thought about it. I don’t really notice I’m doing it.  But I think you might be right.”
“My favorite were the mineral based pigments.  Expensive, yes, terribly expensive.  But ground up ruby will last a lot longer than any bug guts.  You can’t use synthetic paint to mimic iron oxide.”
The fierce gaze glimmered and fractured, and she smiled once more before turning and striding towards the throne room.
“Well now, finally decided to show, huh?” a sarcastic female voice echoed in the high-ceiling chamber.
There follows a heavy sigh, and Steve ducking back inside for a moment to grab a blanket. He drapes it awkwardly around Tony, then carefully, ever so carefully, gathers Tony up in his arms. The only reaction Tony gives is to pull his limbs in close to ease the process, but otherwise allows Steve to manhandle him.
Somewhere in the masses of warriors they found Steve, who assumed his role quite beautifully.  The only thing about his past that had come out was that he was from Athens.  None of the aristocrats knew of him, but one day he just emerged from the crowd and went to work.  There were memories of a runty armor boy also named Steve, and they looked incredibly similar except for the incredible physique that the boy would have needed to attain in several hours.  Whispers circled that Steve had been blessed by a god, or that he was the son of a god.
Tony jumped as Steve pressed against his side, but relaxed immediately.  “Well, my half of them.  Wanna see?”  He didn’t wait for a response before fiddling with a microscopic arm, and a second later the screen above the table displayed an image of two human eggs, slightly grey and clinging to the edge of the tube.
that he had been in the office to explain things to Dr. Milhaven, and Steve had come for moral support, because hey, Tony had designed the arm because Bucky was Steve’s oldest friend, who was quickly becoming one of Tony’s closest friends.  It didn’t matter that Tony
Steve was there.  Manhandling him around, so supersoldier shoulders blocked the spray from Tony’s face as he bent down to kiss him, sucking on his tongue.
Tony had been surprised to notice how Stephen knew to look before the hole even ripped open in the sky. And now he was chasing after Stephen who had just bolted out of the cafe without as much as a word. Now Stephen was giving him the short version of how he is the mystic arts protector of the Earth.
Somehow Tony ended up on Pepper’s chest with her arms wrapped around him as he cried himself horse. Pepper wasn’t a wolf, she had asked what
” Jan shrieked with excitement. She ran to the front door and opened it, chucking all four wine bottles into the yard. They made a soft thud as they hit the grass and dirt. Jan slammed closed the door and turned to
” Jan yelled into the calms, her stress levels were rising, Tony was sure. Tony wished he could be there or at least see Jan’s face when she figures out it’s
“Then we start shooting back.” Another voice comes through, Carol counts three guys and one girl on this channel.
Carol let out another laugh before bringing the omega in for a one armed hug. “Jan didn’t tell me. But she didn’t have to! It’s written all over your puppy love face.” Carol said, she pinched the omega’s cheeks to tease him. Tony deflated even more.
Jan had been calling and texting Tony nonstop since and had finally gotten a reply from Rhodey. She never imagined
Tony let himself snuggle into the sweatshirt and listened to Jan chirp away, her laugh sounding like a bell in the distance as it lulled him. Tony closed his eyes and smiled. Excited about everything Jan was talking about.
“How’s space?” Nick asked as he took his own glass back and raised it towards her. She raised her own glass back with a nod before she took a sip.
Tony had shown Carol around the property in California. Tony was still thanking his mother for purchasing the property for him. Carol loved it, she loved the seclusion and the green fields between the mountains.
his friendship with Tony, he liked his jokes and secret smirks. He liked being the one Tony looked at when one of their classmates said something useful. Tony was snarky. Now, the omega wouldn’t so much as
“No, Earth is protected by not only me but the Nova Core. It doesn’t really have any unique resources, most species don’t even
“Initiate Protocol Doomsday.” Tony said instinctively, forgetting to protect his lab. Never in his life of being bonded did he think he would ever activate Protocol
.” Tony word vomited everything to the older boy, shaking in fear. “I feel like I have a fever and-” Tony looked at Stephen in the eyes before looking away again. “I don’t know who else to ask.”
They found Jan in the kitchen with Wong. There were empty mugs of tea and an empty plate of what used to be snacks in front of them. Jan’s face was red as she laughed, tears forming in her eyes. She looked up at Stephen and Tony in the doorway, trying to contain her laughter.
Jan practically skipped her way out of Fury’s office with her binder under her arm. She kipped all the way through the Triskelion and into her bright yellow cab. Once she was in front of Stark Industry, she paid her cab and tipped him a 100$ bill. She was bobbing and weaving through the crowds of people in the street and the lobby of the building. The cool air hit her, the tower was always cool, it’s high ceilings and huge windows. Jan hummed her way to the private elevator, JARVIS taking her straight to Tony.
“We should call his husband or pack.” Stephen said, knowing what the omega needed was to rest in a place he felt secure. A dark look snapped onto Jan’s face, her hands curled into fists. She opened her mouth before closing it again.
Tony slid into one of the barstool seats at the island. Across from Jan and her assortment of vegetables. “Yeah, he’s really integrated himself nicely into the Avengers.” Tony casually praised. Jan didn’t even spare him a glance as she spun around and walked to the chrome sink to wash said vegetables.
“They have all sorts of names around the galaxy, there’s an old civilization in a deep part of space. They told me the stones created the universe itself. That old God’s crafted space and time itself into these stones.” Carol said as she put down her fork and wiggled her fingers, mimicking how a camp counselor would tell a scary campfire story.
hope you like it! I really think I'm going to make an alternative version or 'ending' of this fic when I'm done with it! Most likely a Stuckony fic. This one one though, I have plans for more self love but also romantic love :P
, a proper Alpha. It practically rolled off of Stephen in waves. The kind of alpha that was in all the fairy tale books Maria had read to Tony as a child.
. And he hated that he was crying, Tony was so tired of crying. He just wanted to move on. Tony could sense Stephen stiffen at the found of Tony’s sniffling. The alpha unsure what to do. Tony could feel the blood rush to his cheeks in embarrassment. He was
Stephen looked down at Tony’s hand and accepted the device. He smiled as he put it in his ear. The alpha in him was preening at the thought of the omega offering him a gift even if Stephen knew it meant nothing remotely romantic.
Jan knew this Tony, this fast talking omega. Hitting all of a person's buttons to make them hurt. It was rare when this Tony came out. It was when Tony was backed into a corner, wounded and scared. Not knowing what else to do, so he would create as much chaos as he could hoping to disappear into it to make an escape. Steve looked taken aback, not answering the question.
“Ooh, what kind of favor?” Tony lightly teased. “Need topless photos? I knew you would, sooner or later.”
and wrapped around his shoulders. It morphed into a long red cape. Tony didn’t know how to react, what to say. The omega had seen a lot in his lifetime, but this was different.
.” Tony agreed as he listened to the consistent chopping of Jan, it was almost hypnotizing. Thinking about Stephen and forming a pack with him always entranced Tony in his feelings. It was hard not to go full omega. He felt safe and loved, added with his pregnancy his hormones were going wild. Wild for stability, love and a very handsome alpha.
After that, Jan glared at everybody but Strange when their class was over. She gave him a small smile of acknowledgement before whisking Tony away. Strange acknowledged the deep purr he felt as he had gotten Tony’s protective friend approval before brushing it off. Now wasn’t the right time, for both of them. It was Strange’s last year and Tony was still so young. So Strange left it at that, he would be that
And with the motion of his wrist, the wizard was gone. Jan was taking out pots and pans before diving into the refrigerator for ingredients. As soon as the alpha’s portal closed Jan looked at Tony with a mischievous glint in her eyes.
As class went on, Tony didn’t make one single comment. It made Strange fume. Did Tony think Strange was just like everyone else here? Did Tony think Strange so predictable? How insulting. So the next time one of their classmates said something stupid Strange whispered something to Tony.
Tony could hear the muffled voices of someone but it didn’t matter. He was alone and there was an alien tyrant after him. Like death itself was coming after Tony, like it was coming after his pup.
The knocking became more rapid. Jan walked over quickly but quietly and looked out the peak hole to see Steve Rogers himself looking both stoic and panicked. Jan saw red. How dare he knock on her door as if he had
Jan reached up and touched her cheek, surprised to find it was wet. She noticed her hand second, it was shaking. Jan was worried for a brief second before realizing what was happening. Jan was surprised because
Tony realized that his head had been laying on Jan’s suit jacket, and thrown over him was Stephen’s sentient cloak. Tony was at a loss for words. Distress? Stephen implying that his scent helped calm him down? The embarrassing fact that Tony went into distress in front of Stephen during official Avenger’s business? Tony wanted to crawl into a hole and die.
“Aliens, wormholes. We have two new allies, Strange and Captain Marvel. The ships seem to be after Tony.” Jan briefed them quickly. “I’m down a wing, Jarv has my iron suit on it’s way. Where’s Widow? Can she get in the air and help out War Machine?”
.” Jan groaned below Tony, eyes still closed. Tony huffed and swam his way out of the blankets and bed.
“This is so you.” Carol said as she flipped through the binder. They were in Fury’s car, driving through the wilds of New York, trying to make their way to the Triskelion. Carol had the Avengers Initiative binder, giving her the rundown of who is who. “
Tony’s fingers clenched the sheets. His mouth letting out a steady supply of moans and whines. His hips moving against Steve’s face, wanting more, and wanting it rougher. But Steve placed on arm on the small of Tony’s back, holding him down. So Steve could probe Tony with both his tongue and fingers. Steve’s tongue teased Tony, rimming him before burying himself further into Tony. Steve added his middle finger all the way to the very last knuckle. Tony squirmed and moaned, rocking his hips so he could just feel some friction against his cock. But Steve was pinning him down too hard for Tony to move enough to get himself off.
Whatever the sorcerer was doing, it seemed to scare the ships. They’re once homogeneous movement became erratic, almost like panic. Stephen continued to move his hands as whatever he was manipulating seemed to attach itself to the ships and the tear in the sky, highlighting them in green. Jan could hear what sounded like gibberish Stephen was speaking in the coms, but Jan could recognize a dead language when she heard one.
Tony knew Christine Palmer’s file, he had done his own vetting with slightly more invasive and illegal avenues. Something he was ashamed of but does not regret, he would do absolutely anything to protect Peanut. And he had found her squeaky clean and an excellent doctor, she’s never lost a life under her care and every patient she has seen through their pregnancy had nothing but a glowing review for Christine. She had excelled in her schooling, she was beautiful, she was vibrant, she was an omega.
Strange didn’t know how to feel about how his heart jumped at seeing Tony Stark standing in the coffee shop.
silently ask about Tony’s wellbeing every meeting. Jan stood and left, not wanting to indulge Fury anymore.
“War.” Iron Man said into the coms. His voice was cold and distant. It almost sent a shiver up Carol’s spine.
This, of course, infuriated Steve Rogers. The alpha had always hated being kept in the dark. Steve was being more tolerable about it now then in the beginning but the look on Jan’s face said he was still at it. Asking about
Stephen looked up from his food. The alpha wasn’t wearing his robes. He was wearing grey sweatpants and a matching shirt. It looked wrinkled and spelt in. His hair was also not in it’s usual uniform. And his cape was currently hanging around Tony’s arms like a shawl. A habit the cape had formed so subtly that Tony hadn’t even realized. Simply use to it’s warmth and weight.
“Bucky couldn’t make lunch.” Tony said, hoping he was making sense while his brain rebooted. Tony pointed at the bag by the nightstand. “Lunch, because- you know! You’re sick!” Tony supplied, feeling his face growing a deeper shade of red. But Steve still looked at him with that stupid smile. Tony didn’t know if he should leave, he
Hello! Let me know what ya'll think of the chapter!! I feel like I'm going to slow but also I like the pace I'm going at :) I just like to have fun!
Tony knew it would be cruel to never let Steve and Peter meet. It would be cruel to both of them. But Steve and his pack had betrayed the omega so deeply that he also simply didn’t trust them with any part of Peter. Perhaps Tony hadn’t dealt with his feelings as well as he thought he had.
“Not a phone call or letter.” She said barely above a whisper. Her face was still cold and unreadable, but she never could completely hide from him. Not when she was 9 and her feet were bleeding from dancing in unbroken ballet shoes and certainly not now. “I just want-”
The news gave Stephen a shock, something that was hard to do ever since he discovered the mystic arts. The look on Jan’s face told him that she wasn’t kidding. The most selfish part of Stephen wanted to celebrate the new information. This means there was an opening for an alpha in Tony’s life. Stephen reached for those feelings and reeled them back as far as he could. Knowing the time was not right and not fair to the omega.
So he would take care of Natasha for now. She wasn’t present with him, he could tell by her sloppy footwork. Bucky slipped his foot forward every so slightly and it was enough to bring the Black Widow to her knees.
“It’s been years! Do you have time to catch up?” Tony asked, not afraid to flutter his eyelashes a little. Strange looked at the door and his lips started to form a no when Strange jerked forward and closer to Tony. Strange cleared his throat roughly and seemed to glare down at his ..
It happened all so fast. The sound of all the metal gear clicking and firing. Seeing all the white hot ammunition being pointed and fired at Iron Man. Carol was the first to react, she let out a power pulse via her hand. She managed to intercept and block half of what was going toward Iron Man.
in his eyes when Jan told the alpha these ships seemed to be homing in on Tony. Jan could only imagine his panic if he knew.
“Absolutely riveting.” Stephen said in a deadpan voice before returning to his oatmeal with fruit. Carol snorted before turning to Tony and winked. Tony titled his head in question. Carol simply carried the conversation in an unrelated direction.
He took it from her hands and read the title. His eyes shot up and looked at Jan who tried to give him a genuine smile but was sure it came across cold.
. I need to know what the hell is going on, this is bigger than just you and me. I need to know if anyone is compromised before I send them into a war zone.”
Steve did love Bucky, he did. He was risking everything for the omega. That didn’t mean he could stomach what he was doing. That’s why when they did have sex, Steve would almost always take Bucky from behind. It was easier, Steve could bury his face in Bucky’s brown hair and
The alpha nodded and moved his hands to form a circle. An orange spark appeared before a portal opened, the other side of it looked like a bedroom.
, yes, I would have.” Was all Tony could manage to moan out, Steve not slowing down one bit. Steve let out a chuckle against Tony’s ear, the hot air made Tony shiver.
“I don’t know if I buy all the magic mambo jumbo but they’re real and powerful. They’re a weapon. So I try to keep my ears peeled about them. I had no idea one was on Earth.” Carol said as she finished her noodles.
“It takes time to weave fabrics of space and time but don’t doubt me, Wasp.” The alpha said, he was hovering in front of the portal, a good distance away. His hands were out and embroidered with orange wisps of light. The same wisps that started to hug the edges of the tear. This seemed to have agitated the spaceships because as soon as Stephen’s magic touched the tear the ships began to shoot.
Bucky watched as Steve let out a yell of frustration as soon as they got back to the Avengers Tower. With each visit of the West Coast Avengers, Bucky would see it affecting Steve more and more. And Bucky knew why.
” that sounded so lost and broken that it pierced right through Steve’s haze. Bucky shouldn't sound so scared. That wasn't right, what wasn't right? Steve wasn't right.
“Well, without revealing too much, a selected group of us go to him. We kill him. We come back, and then a victory dinner perhaps?” The sorcerer said so casually that Tony shot up from his seat. His head was spinning, his heart was racing and it felt like his breakfast was sitting in his throat.
“AH! Did you see that!” Jan yelled as she pointed at nothing in front of her. “I got like, half a circle! Strange?” Jan asked, looking at him for validation on her performance of the mystic arts. Stephen looked at Tony. The omega gave the alpha a look that said
Tony floated the counter and ordered a fat slice of the cookies and cream cheesecake and a large decaffeinated caramel mocha. It must be the pregnancy cravings starting because
She had folders stuffed under her arm as she headed toward Fury’s office. It was their monthly debrief and Jan had been tasked with the meeting his week. Carol had just come back from space with a promising lead on Gamora and Nebula. Apparently they had joined a band of misfits, almost like space pirates.
After 12 hours, Tony woke up with Jan next to him also asleep. Tony looked around to see Pepper and Rhodey gone. Tony sat up in the bed more, stretching his arms. Some bones cracked and popped.
See the thing is, Steve never stopped loving Bucky. Yes, he had accepted his omega was gone but he never stopped loving Bucky. And here he was, in front of Steve. Steve came back to his body when he realized he was on top of Bucky, kissing the absolute life out of him. The kind of kiss you give someone when they come back from the dead.
“That’s your grand ‘Get Your Man’ plan?” Carol asked, crossing her arms against her chest. Before Tony could explain Stephen wasn’t his Carol rustled his hair and brought him closer with one arm. “A terrible plan, but given your PH.D In
That’s what it means to be the pack omega, the emotional support of everyone. The mother, the guardian, the shield, the empath, the
“Thank you, I can’t believe I forgot my wallet. I’ll get you back!” Tony insisted, giving Strange a smile. “You know I’m good for it.” Tony teased. Strange let out a huff of amusement.
When Bucky came back Tony knew it was only a matter of time before Steve left him. It wasn’t hard to see, it was a love that stretched past time and death themselves. Tony knew Steve was taking his time because Tony was the pack omega and you don’t just leave your omega without risking the whole pack going with or separating as a whole, and Steve loves them all too much to lose them.
“Hello? This is a private line? Please identify yourself.” A woman's voice came through, absolutely perplexed. “Jarv? Are we compromised?”
“And no one has stopped him?” Tony asked, a little anger in his voice. Carol raised an eyebrow at the omega.
While Ironteddy was content with being in the workshop, coding and connecting cables all day, Rhodeybear was not. He liked running and jumping and he wanted to meet other people, for he had only ever interacted with Obie and was curious about the world outside. He loved Ironteddy and the bots, but inventing was not his thing. Eventually Ironteddy agreed to let him sneak outside at night, when most humans were asleep, so he could see what the world was like.
By the time they had regrouped and transferred the injured to the hospital, Fury sent them a message saying that the kidnappers had made contact via a video and asked for a ransom. They wanted money and political favours, and more importantly they wanted SHIELD technology. As Fury and the Senate debated on the merits of rescuing Tony, JARVIS managed to track down the source of the video to a town in Nebraska. Steve sneaked away from the meeting and found himself a jet. As he walked up the ramp, a bark behind stopped him on his track. Bucky stood a few feet from him, his middle covered with thick bandage, his metal leg still dented, but his eyes were sharp and focus. He hobbled towards Steve, seemingly to come with him, but Steve stopped him with a hand on his head, which Bucky thankfully did not snap at, although he let out a low growl.
Captain was absent from the Tower a lot, sprinting off after every rumours or sights of Sergeant. Sometimes Widowteddy tagged along, apparently she knew Sergeant back in their Russia days. After a while, another teddy by the name of Falconteddy also joined them on their chase. They would be gone for days on end, sometimes going for long stretches without even a peep to the other Avengerteddies. When they were back, they remained tight-stitched, trading quickly scribbled notes when no one was around but also quickly destroyed the notes when someone else walked into the room. Sergeant was still nowhere to be found.
Ironteddy knew better than to have high hopes, even though sometimes he really really wanted to. Captain was not just the perfect teddy bear, he was the perfect friend. It took them a while to warm up to each other, each still somewhat embarrassed by the things they called the other during the battle. But then, Captain began to drag Ironteddy out from his engineering binge to go watch silly 80s shows with him, and Ironteddy unceremoniously barged into Captain’s room at midnight, pulled him away from his moping and took him out for late-night walks. They could not eat, but both loved the smell of fries and burgers - Captain because he was made in a poor Brooklyn neighbourhood by a kind nurse for her French niece, while Ironteddy remembered the smell from the time when Rhodeybear took him out to roam the city, back when they had to hide among the shadows to avoid paparazzi, next to dumpsters and behind burger shops. So, they tended to wander through the shops of Brooklyn, breathing in the smell of greasy food.
During his third tour, Erskine and Bucky were transferred to another unit in Afghanistan for six months. Erskine never returned and Bucky came back with the mentality of a wild dog and a metal leg attached to the stump of his left foreleg. For weeks, he barked and growled and snapped at anyone who came near him and while he let Steve took care of him, he frequently woke Steve up in the middle of the night with long anguish howls and barks at stray light from passing vehicles. He was skittish around people and violent when others got too close, yet somehow he was still retained as a detection dog, a job he excelled at marvelously with Steve as his new handler. Steve, who was unhappy with Bucky still in war-zone, desperately asked for him to be retired. The lack of good detection dogs at the time meant that his words mostly fell on deaf ears, so when he was discharged, he took the opportunity to pull Bucky out with him, since no one else could handle him without fear of a vicious bite anyway.
“Seriously, what is with you guys? Just last week you were forcing me to watch that movie, again. I’d like to think that your memory is much more impressive than this. Come on, stop embarrassing daddy here–“
The light in the meantime was getting brighter and brighter, before the portal rumbled like an old cat trying to cough up a fur ball. With a final flash of light (and a soft crescendo in the soundtrack), it spitted out two dog-sized objects onto the workshop’s floor. Then the light dimmed, the portal shivered as if in relief, then winked out of sight, taking with it the blinding light and soft music.
His best friend, the one he loved the most, had returned. His dream had come true, yet he somehow felt colder. Like a love for him was gone.
Therefore, it was entirely logical for Steve to be worried when Tony wanted to come over for the first time. He tried to delay it as much as he could, flattering Tony’s ego by praising the penthouse shamelessly and going for how much pride Tony placed on his Tower and the technology that came with it, so that they would end up staying over at Tony’s. Other times, they got a hotel room, but after a few times Tony caught on to his ploy and ramped up his whining. Steve gave all sorts of excuses, how old and thin-walled his place was compared to Tony’s, how loud the neighbours were, how inconveniently located it was compared to the restaurants they frequented. Tony stopped asking after a few weeks, but before Steve could breathe out in relief, he found out (through Clint’s blabbermouth) that Tony only stopped because he figured Steve did not mean things to be serious anyway, that there was no point taking his fling home, that maybe Steve already had another at home, a husband or a wife, and Tony was just something on the side, and if that was all he was going to get from Steve then there was nothing else he could do but to accept it.
Fortunately, Tony had a business meeting in France that he could not get out of. Coincidentally, Phil was looking for someone to come play good cop/bad cop with a group of newly-caught terrorists that were imprisoned in Paris at the time, and by pulling some strings (i.e looking all patriotic and determined in front of Phil while giving a prepared speech of why he would be excellent at the job), Steve was on a plane to Paris the next day. Bucky, who saw Steve packing his stuff the day before, looked at him suspiciously, but he was used to Steve being away on missions and did not kick up a fuss when Phil came to pick him up. Steve spent the flight over the Atlantic thinking of sketching Tony against a French backdrop and not at all reading the briefing paper he was given. He arrived in Paris at night and surprised Tony at his hotel room with a bouquet of flowers. It was cheesy as hell, but Tony was so suitably impressed that he dropped down onto his knees the moment the door was closed.
Bucky, a notoriously territorial dog, hated everyone that was not Steve. He growled like a feral dog whenever he heard people walking by the house, he barked at everyone who entered his territory, he snapped his jaws at hands that try to pet him – not that it happened very often, since people usually scrammed when they saw him, a giant of a dog, with massive jaws and sturdy legs and eyes so sharp he honed in on others like a rabbit he would love to swallow bones and all. And no matter how much Steve tried to brush his hair, he still appeared half-feral.
Years went by and the Starks had created so many wonderful toys. From the loveliest dolls and the most beautiful toy tea sets to complicated puzzle cubes and lively action figures, there was nothing that they had not thought of. Girls and boys near and far loved them, the toys were always a favourite at birthdays and Christmases, the factory was brightly lit day and night and the Starks were richer than they could imagine. Mr Stark had an expansive workshop where he could design all he wanted and Mrs Stark had rolls of beautiful fabrics and drawers full of buttons and lace and all the yarns she could desire. Yet, Mr Stark was still not satisfied, for he realised that of all the toys he had made over the years, none had given him the same kind of joy and hope that Captain used to bring. Thus, one day he decided to recreate Captain. He would make the most perfect teddy bear.
They spent the restless night keeping an eye on Steve’s wound. Tony insisted on taking Steve to the hospital, but the bite was not too deep and Steve refused to go. While he spent the next week home waiting for the bite to heal, Phil tentatively brought up the suggestion of having Bucky put down, since he was starting to become dangerous to everyone, even his owner. Steve shot him down right away, unable to bear the thought of hurting Bucky or having him taken away. Plus, he could see why Bucky reacted the way he did. The last time he saw Tony hit and chained, it was Afghanistan and Tony was indeed in danger. In essence, he just saw Steve as someone who would hurt Tony again and did not hesitate to protect him. Anyway, the wound was much less severe than Bucky was capable of inflicting and he looked downright guilty the entire week Steve was at home. He dialed down his aggression to Steve and resumed cuddling and snuggling with him on the couch, even when Tony was around, as if in apology. He no longer growled at Steve, although he still followed them to bed at night.
He still liked to plop down on Tony’s lap but accepted that sometimes Steve needed his close proximity instead, or Tony wanted to climb into Steve’s lap and cuddle him for a while. He still got antsy when Tony was out of sight for too long (but then again, so was Steve) and he still wanted to sleep in their room at night, but now he placed a paw on the bed first, as if to gauge their reaction. If it was a quiet sleepy night and Tony looked like he needed some extra cuddle, Steve would nod his head and Bucky would jump up right away. But if Steve felt like having some alone time with Tony, he would shake his head and grimaced, and Bucky, while looking unhappy, would go into the corridor and waited as Steve closed the door (he would still not do anything with Tony while Bucky was in the room, it was still super weird to know Bucky could hear them even from the outside). After they finished cleaning up, Steve would open the door and Bucky would come in to sleep in their room, albeit on a pile of blankets they left for him at the foot of the bed (because even Tony said no at Bucky snuggling into him while he was naked). Bucky no longer asked to tag along all of their dates, no longer felt worried and nervous when Tony had to leave the house without him. They still took him along sometimes, but when they did not and had a friend coming over to dogsit him, Bucky did not try to escape the house and hunt them down again.
Once in a while, Bucky still gave him a funny look when he draped his gangling body over Tony like giant teddy bear, but it was mostly for show now, like a guy teasing his brother to get a rise out of him. He suspected that Tony knew exactly what was going on and was actively encouraging him (only because Steve himself became super possessive himself when it happened, which usually led to very creative and mind-blowing sex), but Steve mock-sighed and let it happen anyway.
“The situation is that you need to come to my house right now and take your monster of a dog back before he destroys another of Laura’s curtains.”
“God, Barton, I am not mommy. According to WALL-E, I am totally the dad and Steve the mom. But that’s not the poi…”
Bucky took months to get used to peacetime. For nights on end he would wake up suddenly and snarl at Steve when he got too close. He reacted violently even to the shadow of himself and Steve had to restrict his movement indoors after he almost bit off the hand of a teenager who threw a pebble at him. It took a long time for Bucky to be comfortable with the house and the garden and the nearby park, but in a way, recuperating Bucky actually helped with Steve’s own issues. By helping Bucky get over his nightmares, the nightmares in Steve’s own head quieted down to just mindless dreams. Taking care of Bucky was the one thing that he could only do in Iraq but could also do now at home, it kept him anchored and distracted and desensitised him to the foreign world that was peace, which allowed him to start living his life again and more importantly, start seeing other people.
Dreams of a shower and bed forgotten, Tony settled in for the rest of the movie.  Steve shifted about for a few moments before resting less than a foot from Tony, head angled so his hot breath flooded over his neck.
Korkyra beckoned him over.  “I was one, already.  My father is one of the great rivers of the Peloponnese.  I caught Poseidon’s eye, and several of my sisters did as well if I am honest, and he brought me here, and then left me here to raise our son to be king of the island.  At least he let them name it after me.”  She smiled ruefully.  “Now I watch over the rivers and streams of my island.”
“Sustainability. Legality. When I started out, circumstances were different, but circumstances change. They think the government would be in trouble if I continued under their banner. And right now, it would just be me.” Steve bit his lip and considered his words. “There are others out there, who do what I did, but none of them are publicly connected to any government organization. So, maybe I could go rouge and start again, but I’m most comfortable working with a partner or team. And there aren’t any teams out there right now.”
He stripped Tony down to his underwear with shaking hands and propped him in the chemical shower for a few moments while he spoke to a frantic Pepper, who was stuck in traffic.  He only told her that Tony had locked himself in his lab and had gotten drunk.
He sighed heavily, raking a hand through his hair and rubbing his neck.  He closed his eyes.  “Please not now, Natasha.  Not when he’s like this.”
Tony nodded miserably, feeling like an idiot.  Steve held out an arm, and Tony crawled in, tucking himself along Steve’s body.  Very gently, Steve began to rock them slightly, humming as he placed a gentle kiss on Tony’s temple.  “I might have . . . over thought it.”
“Well, look at it this way, they care for us enough to put money on our happiness,” Tony smiled at him, and it was just so brilliant, Steve just had to kiss him.
or two taller than Tony, but he was so much broader.  His skin shone and his hair gleamed.  His beard was a few shades darker than the hair on his head, but it was neatly trimmed and single hairs seemed to glow like gold in it.  He smelled divine, sweat dampened his skin and hair, but instead of making him look gross, he seemed to be a mythic hero brought of a song into flesh.  The smell of clean sweat and fresh thyme was heavy in Tony’s nose, and he fought the urge to bury his head in Steve’s armpit.  His face was cracking into a wide, teasing smile, teeth clean and white and straight.
Cheers echoed around the chamber as Tony gazed at his own reflection in the blood-colored wine, and for a moment, thought something in his eyes had caught fire, light burning at the edges of his irises.
It was telling of how far gone he was, that he was still excited in some animal part of his brain to be in such close proximity to the object of his misplaced affections even when they were yelling at each other.
The others had always avoided the room, but now Steve knew why.  It was their space, just for the two of them.
And no, no, that’s not a voice that he thinks in. That’s not his mother’s voice, soothing his fears, or Howard, hurling insults, or Steve, still wholeheartedly believing in him.  It isn’t a voluntary thought, or a randomly occurring one.  It was planted there, by an outside force.
Maybe he can’t burn everything, but maybe he can burn the man who left him the smoldering shell of what they’d built.
bottomed.  Not that it wasn’t enjoyable, but for someone in his position, he needed to maintain control.  Bottoming was about letting go, giving into vulnerability, for him at least, and no matter how much he ached for it, it wasn’t something he gave to anyone.  There were precious few he could trust, and only one he wanted.
“Tony.” Steve face is full of light, but is terribly cautious, like he wants to believe but is terrified to.  “Spell it out.  Please.”
“Every city has their favorite gods, and the gods have their favorite places.  No, I get it completely.”  Tony nodded over at the wall behind the throne.  “Are those what real hydras look like?”
A groan and creak echoed from the direction of Steve. Tony glanced at Pepper, who gave a long suffering nod.
The producer counted down, gesticulating to the screen holding the cropped images of two nigh-on elderly white men.  He host, and Senator Stern, one of the Avengers most vocal opponents.  There red light was blinking, a fuzzy mic was dangling a few inches out of the shot.  The host was introducing him.
It was obvious that Steve wasn’t unfamiliar with to this.  As far as anyone knew, Steve had zero bedroom experience.  But Tony allowed himself to fantasize that Steve would give the
It had seemed like a good idea. Who better to be his ally in the battle against alcohol than Captain America? Blindly, he thought facing Steve’s disapproval would be worse than a relapse. So the incentive not to drink would be . . . Steve not being disappointed in him.
Nausikaa cleared her throat.  “Well, I guess that leaves me.  I’m much less exciting.  Korkyra is technically my great-grandmother –“
Curious, he stands and fishes the comm set from the mass of metal and tech. Voice message from Captain America, level three urgency.
Tony’s fall had been captured on video (because wasn’t everything?), and after several days with nothing other than an official statement of “Mr. Stark is expected to make a full recovery” the news cycle had time to dig up and polish their pieces on why Tony shouldn’t be allowed to be an Avenger.  Pepper had told Steve that falling into their pressure would only add fuel to the flames, but Steve didn’t understand how anyone could sit around and let them spew that sort of vitriol.
Tony helps Steve with his breathing apparatus, strapping it to his back and untangling the tubes and mask as they straighten the straps. Steve ends up with the mask tucked beneath his chin, staring at Tony intently, like he’s searching a battle map for clues to victory.  “Honestly Tony, I think I’ll be fine without it.”
Emergency beacons are a feature of every suit he builds nowadays, but he let Steve give his advice. It made him feel better.
“Now we’re talkin’,” Rhodey growled, threw the van into gear, and took a long draw from his violently pink slushie.
Okay, granted, in the field, it’s a godsend.  He’s got a tactical mind like no other, something that was obviously there from the beginning, because there’s no way a chemical mixture could rewire a brain to see and analyze all possible movements in a fraction of a second.
let him go through that hurt if I can prevent it.  I will not hesitate to kill to prevent that from happening.  I am
Tony had one of those fancy DNA tests done, the ones that trace your genes by ethic group, and found he was pretty much half-and-half Russian and Italian, with some Spaniard and Mongol mixed in.  It really doesn't matter, in this day and age of mass immigration and melting pots, but it did give him a little bit
and handed him a leather thong which he knotted as a belt, pulling the excess fabric up, so the bottom hung around his knees.
No one knew, save Peggy, the old King of Korkyra, and several others, what had made Steve, and they all refused to talk.
Steve reached over and helped himself to a few of Tony’s figs and ignored the comment.  “Obviously you’re no physical specimen like me –“ he paused to let Tony snort “- but are you capable of a bit of a hike?  Show you the island, meet my favorite ladies.  They won’t be pleased if I don’t let them interrogate you.”
The screams of the crowd were dulled by the lack of oxygen as the smoke built. Tony tried wiggling, but to no effect. He was pinned in place, couldn’t even move his arms.
Sorry it's been a little longer than usual, I had to do an in-depth profile of Ho Chi Minh in like three days :(
Pietro was a fast one, and by the time he reached the west gate, about half of the inhabitants of the city were milling about, weaving summer flowers and grasses into garlands, draping them over the horse, covering up the scent of decaying flesh with heliotrope, lavender, larkspur, myrtle, poppy, and everlasting.
Steve smiles, forced, but there is an element of fondness mixed in with it.  “I thought you would have gold-plated couches or something.”
“You mean besides all the times were you tell me off for trying to implement a solution that you refuse to compromise on?”
There’s hope, burning hot and bright in his chest, and he wants to stifle it, but it is impossible. After so much time, there’s a chance.  A
Zemo is laughing delightedly, and Steve is just staring. The noise of the German’s laughter is too much on his overwhelmed senses.
Tony didn’t interrupt, so Steve continued.  “The island was, as I said, very isolated for a long time.  During Alkinoos’ reign, both the Argonauts and Odysseus landed here, and were shown excellent hospitality.  Word got around, traders added us into their circuits, immigrants arrived and quickly integrated.  Under Erskine, the island became much more Greek.  He also solidified the name of the island as Korkyra.  Some called it Drepane and others called it Scheria, some called it Phaeacia after Phaeax.  The people still call themselves the Phaiakes, but we remember his mother in the name of the island.”
Steve looks a little off put that Tony was able to sneak up on him, but he shrugs his shoulders cautiously.  “Wanted to see the Adirondacks.  Heard a lot about them.”
be using later.  “Laaamb.  Oh, my God, lamb.  I haven’t had lamb in ages.  Could you get mint jelly?”  Steve nodded.  “I fucking love you.  And what the hell are oxtails?”
He shot one, two, three rounds. They bounced harmlessly against the chest plate. Tony glanced down as the bullets clattered to the floor. He lunged forward, grabbing the pistol and crumpling it like paper. “What the hell were you after in that vault?”
“I can’t want to help you? I don’t want you to backslide, Tony. You’ve come too far since then. I don’t want see the man I . . . respect and admire so much, and who has done uncountable things for the good of mankind and the universe brought down by something as little as addiction.”
“Um, boss?” Happy piped in. “Does . . . this mean we can break out the good whiskey? In celebration of . . . catching a crook?”
Tony stared at his reflection in the wine, darkened and yet crystal clear.  He looked . . . young.  It was easy to forget sometimes that he was only in his twentieth summer, just barely considered a man.  He wouldn’t likely marry for another twenty years, couldn’t become a general without ignoring the laws, could barely scratch his ass without his father’s permission.  It didn’t help that he was highly aware of being the youngest in the room.  Fury seemed ageless, but had the temperament and appearance of an elderly man.  Bruce was likely is his forties, and from the public story, Steve was in his thirtieth year (though he might be older, if the stories of him being a runt were true).  Clint and Sam seemed to be in their mid-to-late twenties, and Natasha was likely only a year or two older than him.  In normal Athenian society, he would be young, but with the upper hand of status, wealth, and heroism.  None of that seemed to apply in Korkyra.  Here, philia dominated.
Steve was fairly certain that he would never be fully used to Tony’s kisses.  Tony kissed like he lived – full of emotion, fill of fire, unapologetic.  He was tender and dirty, raw and unbalanced, clever, vulnerable.  He laid everything bare, held nothing back, because he knew he could with Steve.  It had been an interesting journey, falling in love, but with the twin’s careful guidance, they had found the qualities that made them a strong, successful couple.  Tony had been able to push away any emotional hang-ups and had steadily accepted that Steve had fallen in love with him for himself, not because they heard the same children.  The kids had only served to push them together; they probably would have eventually found each other without them.
“Don’t,” Tony grunted, shuffling towards the coffee pot, assessing the carafe for a moment before taking a drag straight from the wide mouth (and why the hell was Steve distracted by the way his Adam’s Apple bobbed at a time like this?), and trying immediately to beat a hasty retreat with his coffee.
Tony reveals them so little, but when he does, they burn right into his soul, searing a place in his heart with no permission.
After a quick Happy Birthday blowjob in the shower and forcing Steve into a Captain America tee shirt, they headed for the kitchen.  Thor and Jane were already there, enjoying the morning with their friends while Frigga took Brandt on a walk.  They’d missed the first round of pancakes, which were being quite ravenously consumed by the guys at the table.  Jane was nursing a mug of coffee perched on the counter while Nat looked to be piling fruit on a short stack.  Thor effortlessly flipped the pancake in the pan and boomed “Ah, another year, Steven?”
He pointed out things that he knew: propaganda posters he recognized, equipment he had used with the Commandoes, a pack of playing cards that doubled as ID cards for different makes of planes, enemy and friendly.  He was funny and smart and perfect.  He cried listening to the audio from V-E Day, which he had never seen.
She reached out to hug him, wrapping him in her strong arms.  Peggy’s hugs were so different from his mother’s, but both special in their own way.  Maria was soft, yielding, and encouraging whereas Peggy was stalwart, firm, and anchoring.  He needed both.
Clint was holding a half-eaten box of donuts, Thor had three unopened boxes, and Natasha and Bruce were carrying coffee.
Halfway through the informal meal, Steve entered in a huff of sweat and skin.  A chorus of voices welcomed him, and he smiled in an abashed way as he adjusted his exomis and accepted a large bowl of porridge.  Typically, the head of the household would be expected to eat first, but Bruce said that Steve had a habit of arriving late to meals to make sure everyone else got their fill.
Tony decided to guide Steve on a tour around the plant before meeting Pepper. Happy had already set off to “meet his doom”, grumbling about deadly secretaries.
Ilya is a nuclear engineer. Adopted at the age of five by an older Ukrainian couple, who made sure he went to the best schools and pursued an occupation that he was both good at and was important in the grand scheme of the world.  Tony has heard of him, even read a few of his papers, but their paths have never directly crossed.  The closest they’ve been is attending several conferences at the same time.  He divides his time between schools in Berlin and Kiev, and spends the rest working on behalf of the UN.
There’s a tone in his voice, one he doesn’t want to hear.  There’s something final, resolute in it, and the words that follow must be something he’s thought long and hard about.
A hand that’s a good two degrees hotter than usual human temperature grips the side of his face, and his sunglasses are slid gently off, baring the way to see the slate blue eyes of the other man.
the creature offers, rising onto clawed feet, the ripples of its body showing off the glinting metallic scales.
The aluminum paneling was oxidizing underneath its paint and the desert air was frigid, but Tony was too enthralled by the expanse of sky above them to pay it any heed.
They were sitting side by side at the table, and Steve could feel the hot line of his cock burning againt his thigh beneath the tight material of his uniform.  Even though there were several feet between himself and Tony, he could feel every tiny shift and movement from his . . . well, boyfriend would probably suffice.  They needed to talk, most definitely, but his self control had devolved to little more than clenching his fists, gritting his teeth, and resolutely not looking at Tony.
“What was that all about?” Steve asked as he carefully approached his husband, who had turned back to the table and was gently caressing a lone test tube.  Tony’s shoulders were tense, matching the nervousness Steve felt.  He wasn’t alone in this, then.  “Is this . . . them?” he asked, pointing at the tube.
By seventeen, Tony had tenuously established himself as the head of SI, with the handpicked Pepper Potts operating what he was not legally allowed to until he turned twenty-one.  He had successfully been operating the armor for a year before the Invasion.
“You always tell people to take me seriously, that I’m smart enough to make my own decisions.  Why is the only thing you won’t let me figure out for my self is who I love?  ‘Cause it’s you, Steve.”
for SI. I’m sure you make plenty and your research is well funded. Why’d you need to steal to get more?” Tony asked him.
“Okay!”  Laura clapped her hands together.  “Sweetie, we ran out last night, remember?  I’ve gotta make some more.”
“He’s – he’s figured it out,” Steve ran a hand along the side of his face, dragging it, before throwing the hand palm-up over his eyes and slumping into the couch.  “And he’s – he’s
Tony snorted.  “Oh, yeah.  Like Captain America jerks off.”  He stopped, side eyeing Steve.  “Uh, right?”
The appearance would be small.  Short and to the point.  It had been scheduled for the morning that Tony would be discharged, to divert some of the attention.  Steve tried not to be disappointed he would not get to escort Tony home from the hospital.
– “ Steve is turning around, sorrow in his eyes, but Tony is having none of it, after all this time were they
It room was small, overly crowded, and reminded Tony of an old subway stop.  The entire room was covered with a pale lime green tile, with accenting panels done in lavender, covered with flowers and dragonflies.  There were snotty kids dripping mint chocolate chip everywhere.
Steve lets Tony lash out.  “I didn’t have any time to process the Accords.  Ross brought them to us only three days before we were expected to sign them.  And you had a part in helping them write them, and just expected us to take your decision as the best – “
So his decision to take up a sword and become a hero like the days of old had been met with enthusiastic praise in Athens, and elsewhere.  Women discussed him around the public fountains as they fetched water, men raised cups of wine to him as they relaxed at dinner.  Everywhere he went, people recognized him and asked him for accounts of his deeds.
He foregoes the sweatshirt Steve had brought in favor of forming a second, drier, blanket cocoon. The heat in the room has notched up a few degrees, but he burrows in deep, obscuring everything save his eyes and nose.
“Traitor.  Steve loves my butt.”  Tony said, mildly affronted.  He threw the phone onto the glass coffee table, where it slid a foot before stopping.  “I can’t go to Camp Nelson.  Or my house in the mountains.”
“This will be our first sort of vacation together.  Do you know what couples are supposed to do on vacation?” Tony grinned salaciously as he trailed his hands towards Steve’s belt buckle.
, would benefit Tony by “enlightening him to adult pleasures” and “helping him transition into adult society”.  It had only been after a desperate plea made to Peggy for her to dissuade them that he had been excused from anything of the sort.  Still, men had tried, giving him gifts and trying to trick him into kissing them over a cup of wine.
Tony enjoyed Steve’s company entirely too much. They had slid into friendliness and intimacy almost instantly, but the easy slide wasn’t easy. Steve challenged him, far more than any other person he’d ever met. Steve had an idea on what to do to make the world a better place, and he knew Tony had the resources and connections to make those ideas a reality. He wasn’t a man to take the world as it is, and Tony found it to be the most spectacular thing he’d ever seen.
“Tony, I have elevated testosterone levels from the serum.  I’m pretty sure I have a higher sex drive than most men, at any age.”
“Who knows with you?” Steve smiled crookedly, but there was a tenseness in the lines of his smile.  Then Tony noticed the bed.
“As Steve will be part of my personal staff, he’ll be traveling with me most of the time. You have a valid US passport?” Steve nodded jerkily. “Good. One less thing to take care of. No aversion to air or sea travel? Three week’s vacation, pension, the works. For the time being, he’ll be bunking here. Happy’s old quarters, before you moved out on me, you bastard. Can we get someone on that?” Pepper nodded. “Alright. I need to take care of a few things privately in my office, so use the intercom if you need me.” Still nodding, she jotted it all down on a yellow legal pad while Steve hovered awkwardly near her desk. Happy had lit a cigarette and was hacking and snickering in the corner. “Oh, and Pepper, have Steve given all the authorizations and accesses he’ll need.”
“Yes.  She had a son, Phaeax.  He and someone history forgets to name had at least three sons, Alkinoos, Lokrus, and Rhexenor.  Rhexenor had a daughter, Arete, who married her uncle Alkinoos.  They had six children: Laodamas, Halius, Klytoneus, Minyas, Echetus, and daughter Nausikaa.  All of the sons except Echetus left the island for other colonies, so the man I knew as Erskine was left to keep the throne.  He married, but had no children.  It was believed to be part of Poseidon’s curse.  Which is strange, because the brothers who left were able to have children.  Sam’s mother was a daughter of Halius.  But Erskine did his duty.  He was pretty old when the Hydric War started, but he came with what few soldiers he had.  He, um, died in the last year.  He claimed me as his heir on his deathbed.  That’s the basics of the monarchy.”
Steve just sat there, phone still pressed to his ear, slumped on the couch, staring at the wall.  He could imagine the pair’s squabbling, ringing around the sound of gunfire.
He could tell he is in his own bed, upstairs in the penthouse, so that was good, but it usually took a second to wrench himself from unconsciousness.  Waking was always a jolting thing for him, wrenching from one state to another, the switch moving from “Off” to “On” immediately.
Tony had met Karnis, or Carol as she preferred, several times at large feasts and such, but despite Howard’s proclamations that Steve was one of his greatest friends, he had not returned to Athens in the ten years since he had been given his kingship.  Every other king throughout Akhaia had been their guest, but still the only memory Tony had of the man everyone lauded as the greatest hero of the age was glimpses of the smooth-faced man amidst the parties and celebrations, all golden and looking like a god.
Steve shrugs, then crosses his arms in the way that Tony loves, the one where the sleeves of his tee shirt look ready to shred. “We have no idea.  We
He sighed, kicking through the trunks, trying to find the one holding his clothing and personal items.  He’d gotten some strange looks for having five large trunks, but four were filled with his tools and armor and pet projects.  He had no place to put them at the moment.  He would need to try and convince Steve to give him space for a workshop.
While he was blathering, Bruce leaned across the table and hit 2 on speed dial.  Steve picked up on the second ring.
After all the legends and stories he’d heard over the years, Tony should have assumed that much of Steve’s true person wasn’t well known.  Tony suspected now that Howard barely knew the man at all.  Peggy’s testimonies we probably the most reliable, but she was always reluctant to share them and were always tinged with sadness when she did.
,” Tony finally wheezed.  “I can afford a few hundred bottles of nail polish.  Even the designer ones.  Now, come here, before I head back downstairs to the slumber party.  Wait, nail polish.”
“Look, it’s not a big deal.  Not anymore,” Tony stuttered.  “I don’t really care about it.  Theseus is really the only name people know, and I’m maybe one-sixteenth?  It doesn’t matter.”
Tony and Bruce were about twenty feet away, pouring over a lab table filled with beakers and pipettes and Petri dishes, and a ton of things he couldn’t name.  The computer screens overhead were displaying microscopic images of human eggs.
to Steve. It always felt so safe, being alone with Tony in the most intimate place. It was like looking inside Tony Stark’s heart, seeing the numbers and equations floating around with Tony usually chattering genius that flew around Steve’s head like a spell leaving him dizzy.
” Natasha asked Bucky in Russian. The omega looked at her and blinked, surprised at such a bold question. Even if they both knew Steve didn’t understand a lick of Russian.
“Your ex-husband is so stubborn, I have no idea how you managed to stay with him for so long. Does he compromise on anything?” Stephen groaned. Tony let out a chuckle.
Tony raised his hand in signal to stop Steve, who surprisingly enough did stop. Tony slid the thick contract Pepper had drawn up to Steve, looking Steve directly in the eyes.
.” Rhodey pleaded, knowing it was almost useless. Tony and Jan never listened to him. It’s why they get into half the trouble they do.
do. Only what he wanted. He never wanted to see Steve or his pack again, he wanted to have his baby around a family he trusts. People that love him. Tony thought his friend's suggestions over. It worked, it really worked. All he needed was divorce papers and he could start a new life. He could start again. Tony rubbed his stomach.
“Well, futures, versions of what could be. Nothing is guaranteed, but I have a general idea of what is going to happen.”
“So how long until we attack?” Rhodey asked as they all sat outside on the back porch. Basking in the California sun at dusk.
keep up with current events and Iron Man being mated to Captain America was no secret. They were American royalty. But still, something reckless in Strange had urged him to pursue. To see how far he can go with this.
?” Jan pressed as they arrived at the workshop, Tony punched in his code and the doors opened, the room lighting up as they entered.
“It’s for Tony. It’s unsealed.” Was all the redhead, looking almost hopeful. Jan knew she was implying that it was Jan’s choice whether to give it to Tony or not. Jan looked down at the letter and then back up at Natasha before taking it. The alpha’s shoulder’s relaxed at the sight of the letter in her hands. “Thank you, Janet. Stay safe.” said before turning and walking away. Jan watched until she was out of her eyesight.
“He looks into the future and multiverse for fun sometimes.” Wong said looking at Stephen. “Getting vomit out of a carpet is not an issue.”
Tony showered in record time. He had Happy run to the soup place and then pick Tony up so they wouldn’t have to make any stops. It had only been an hour since Bucky called. Tony told Happy not to wait up, and made his way into the apartment complex. It was nice, the buildings looked clean and up to date. It wasn’t anything like Tony’s penthouse building, he had a doorman. But only because Maria insisted on a doorman. Tony had the paper brown bag clutched in his left hand and his phone in the other.
Jan hummed as she walked down the halls of SHIELD. It had been a couple days since she and Tony had their talk in his kitchen. She was proud Tony had finally admitted his feelings about Stephen and his unresolved feelings about Steve. There was still a lot of work to do but Jan was hopeful about the future.
Steve grabbed at Bucky’s hips and pulled Bucky back to get even deeper in the omega. Bucky let out a moan and started moving his hips instinctively. They fell into a rhythm, Steve thrusting in and out while Bucky moved his hips to meet Steve’s. Steve fell back to that tiny bed, feeling what warmth he could get through the tiny window in their bedroom; the sun heating up his right shoulder.
Steve stood right in front of Tony as the elevator started to make it’s way down to the lowest levels of the car park. Pepper, Jan and Rhodey stood behind Tony, against the elevator wall.
me to keep this open.” The alpha growled as his magic highlighted the edge of the tear, glowing a dark sunset color. His arms and wrist were decorated with circles of magic, each of them embroidered with complex symbols and runes.
“I think you impressed him, a whole fleet gone by one man. He put out a bounty for information about you. Earth is so insignificant there was none, so-”
The halls were decorated with small, tasteful paintings. Tony knocked lightly on the last door in the hallway. There was no reply. The door wasn’t completely shut, so Tony gently pushed it open. Just enough for Tony to pop his head through. The room was a good size. There were clothes thrown on the floor, making the dark colored wood stand out. There was a nightstand on either sides of the bed, a dresser directly across from the bed. A TV stood on the dresser, along with some gaming systems. Steve was nowhere to be found. Tony fully entered the room, a hand on his hip.
I really am just going to drop this now since I finished it, having sleep troubles can be productive. Let me know what you think!!! Still open to suggestions!!
Eventually Steve took pity on Tony and withdrew his fingers. Tony moaned in protest and lifted his head to turn to glare at Steve. Steve huffed a laugh, Tony looked like an angry kitten. Steve stretched to reach the nightstand and grabbed a bottle of lube. It wasn’t butterscotch, but it was watermelon. Steve’s second favorite. Tony moved faster than Steve would have expected him to. Tony grabbed Steve by his arms and pulled him onto the bed. Tony straddled him with a determined look on his face, shoving Steve’s sweatpants off as if they had personally offended him. When Steve’s dick popped up, Tony’s eyes filled with hunger. Tony grabbed the lube out of Steve’s hands and opened it, pouring a small amount in his hands.
, his eyes rolling to the back of his head. Steve grunted in his ear and kissed Tony’s temple as he hammered away; hitting that spot over and over and over. Fucking Tony like it was his fucking job. Steve grabbed Tony’s hands and pinned them above his head by his wrists. Tony looked at him, his mouth swollen and red, moaning.
Tony watched as the wizard began to float around and mumble things. An occasional beam of golden light outlined the whole property before seeping into whatever it was touching.
He was suppose to take lunch to Steve and see if he was doing okay. That wasn’t going to happen. Bucky put his hand to his temples, thinking this all through. All of their friends worked at SHIELD, so they couldn’t run a meal to Steve. Bucky took out his phone from his gym bag.
coffee shop, they almost always had his order ready by the time he usually came for coffee runs. Every day since settling into his life as Supreme Sorcerer. Nothing ever happened in this coffee shop, that’s why Strange liked it. And here was
“So.” Stephen started. “I should start this conversation with' I've already looked into the future.” He said casually, Jan and Tony looked at each other waiting for the punchline.
Stephen had been the one seeing Tony through his check up in the comfort of Tony’s homes. And it was something Stephen had enjoyed doing. He had confided in Jan one night, a
“Maybe later, sweetheart. I was actually wondering if you could take some lunch to Steve.” Bucky said. “Some stuff came up to at work and I can’t get out of it.”
Jan side eyed Tony who did the same, both not knowing how to broach the subject of how the pack had now split up.
Tony’s hand wandered down to his stomach, not even a week of knowing and he was already more attached he ought to be. It had been one week since coming to California. Some days were good, some days Tony stayed in bed and cried. Usually with Jan in bed with him, crying along.
. An alpha that he hadn’t even really talked to outside of class. Scared, and going into what Strange suspected to be the young boys first heat. Tony
“Plus, I’ve heard rumors of Fury wanting to start a West Coast Avengers base.” Jan said, her eyes looking over at Tony who looked surprised.
Bucky didn’t react to the news, but Natasha saw Steve deflate even more. All his attempts to communicate with Tony had been moot and it was starting to show in the super soldier. Even Bucky’s presence wasn’t enough to bring the alpha back from the black tar pit that was Steve’s regret and depression. Natasha wanted to snap at Steve at times, this was all their own fault. Why be sad about it when they were all aware of their actions? But Natasha knew better than that.
Carol let out a howl of laughter. “God no, man’s denser than most planet’s I’ve been on. Makes me question his Supreme Wizard status, really.” Carol mumbled the last part in thought. “So how are you gonna handle the good Doctor Palmer?”
“What the hell is that?” Tony yelled as they ran, pointing at his cape. Strange spared him a look, amusement dancing in his eyes.
Tony lost himself in the crowd, just walking with the migration of people. He didn’t want to think about how his marriage was over. He was losing his alpha. He was losing Steve. Tony shook his head before he let himself think any deeper. They did this to him. Tony deserved better.
“And Strange just has one of these almighty stones?” Pepper asked, sitting on her feet as she was curled up on the couch with a plate of rice and egg rolls. “Seems a little careless.”
“Just try not to show off too much, you technically don’t exist.” Fury said, taking back the file from Carol as she undid her seat belt and scrambled out of the car. Fury rolled down the passenger seat window and gave her a hard look. “Nothing fancy, Carol. For the love of God.” He said again, even though he knew it was fruitless.
Tony rolled onto his back and willed his eyes open. Above him was Stephen, he didn’t have his cloak on. Tony memorized the white strips of hair beside the alpha’s ears. The omega thought they were adorable.
“Tony?” Jan asked. Tony snapped his attention to his friend. “Lunch?” She asked again, a little more concerned this time around.
Bucky had started with kissing Steve’s neck and chin before going for the lips. Steve would also kiss back, feeling something warm in him. It was never as warm or intense as when Tony was on top of him, but Steve pushed that feeling aside.
Nicholas Fury poured himself two fingers of whiskey in his kitchen, somewhere on the outskirts of New York. It was a nice size of land, it let him have more privacy than in the city. Jan coming by had thrown something he had planned in a loop but he would figure it out. He made his way out on his porch and sat on the rock chair that sat under the porch light. Nick sat and listened to the soft rustling of the grass as it blew in the wind.
“Okay so when did Strange become a wizard.” Jan said, her voice calm but Carol could pick out a confused and relief in her tone.
Natasha had tried to get anything out of Fury but the spy had laughed at her questions before dismissing her.
“Malibu has always had a soft place in my heart.” Jan said wistfully, rolling with Rhodey and Pepper. She put the bagels face down to cook next to the eggs. “Sunny and warm. I always hated winter in New York.”
Tony’s eyes looked distant. “I know the feeling.” He rasped out, the omegas scent became more sour. Tony shook his head before clearing his throat. “Sorry, it’s been a rough day.”
“Strange?” Tony asked, getting more and more tired. He wasn’t super how long they could keep this up.
Carol looked up from the file and out the window to see what Fury was mad about now. Carol barely felt any surprise as she saw a wormhole open up to see aliens coming through. This was a regular Tuesday for her. Carol looked over at Fury who sighed and leaned back in his seat. Carol smirked and held out an empty hand. Fury looked at the hand, offended that someone could read him so well.
Tony slammed his hands on the glass table, now absolutely furious.Everybody jumped and Steve snapped his mouth shut. Tony was vibrating with anger, he wanted to kick, scream and yell but that wouldn’t make it hurt. He needed to hurt them, like they did him.
“I do not trust Steve Rogers and refuse to serve under someone I don’t trust.” Rhodey said, getting an
Tony Stark. Iron Man. But the fewer people that knew about the time stone the better. No need to advertise it. Strange works best in secret, from the shadows.
Tony’s face grew pink as he simply nodded and followed the alpha without protest. The walk was painfully long, Tony was smelling sweeter and sweeter, meaning more and more alphas were looking their way. Strange glared at every single one of them, Tony was
“It’s ginger tea.” Was all the alpha said. Tony took it without saying a word, blowing on the tea before taking a sip. It was good, which was unusual because Tony usually hated tea.
Jan walked behind Tony and looked down at what was on display. Jan hummed in acknowledgement. There was a red circle on the coast of Italy. Tony looked at Jan, the two omegas having a silent conversation.
Natasha didn’t finish, tears escaped the corner of her eyes. Bucky’s own anger died quickly. Natasha never cried. She hadn’t cried since she was a small child. The only time Bucky had ever seen her cry, and it was when Natasha had lost her omega many years ago. When he had only been the Winter Soldier.
Steve smelled like honey, his skin was soft against Tony’s cheeks. Tony was so intoxicated that he didn’t notice Steve hadn’t let go. Steve was running the hand that wrapped around him up and down, lifting Tony’s MIT sweatshirt up to feel bare skin. Tony shivered, feeling goosebumps spreading. And his dick twitched in interest. Steve turned his body so Tony was facing his chest, now running both hands up and down under his sweater.
Bucky had jumped Steve in the gym, feeling bold. Probably because Tony was out of town again. Natasha had walked in looking for Steve but snarled at the sight of Bucky on top of Steve.
I'm so afraid to run out lyrics before I finish this fic lmaooooo. Let me know ya'lls thoughts!! The ironstrange is starting to heat up! And Bucky! Aww Bucky :( he's just trying to gain some agency but like Steve he is also v dumb.
answers. Both Fury and Steve had grilled them on who Stephen was. They remained tight lipped, even Carol wouldn’t budge, just saying he was on their side and asked to be left out of this.
They were outside in the backyard of the manor. Currently inside was Tony’s small army of his Iron Man suits doing any and all construction that needed to be done; under JARVIS’s helpful watch. Most of the construction had been completed within the last two months. Tony rubbed at his now bigger belly. Time was flying fast, at the six month mark there was only two months left until his little peanut would be welcomed into the world.
Tony rubbed his belly happily. For the first time in a long time it felt like he was getting somewhere. Somewhere he
Jan felt like she’s aged 10 years, the last 12 hours feeling like a bad dream. Jan always had her reservations about Steve and their pack. Steve was always so great to Tony, even when Jan was looking for a reason to not like Steve the first couple of months. And she knew Tony like she knew her inventoried closets. Tony’s love for Steve was pure and genuine and she thought Steve’s was too.
What Tony was surprised to see was Bucky, sitting as far as possible from Steve and the door as possible. Tony raised an eyebrow at his ex pack.
“I admit I don’t know what you're going through, but I can understand the fear of the unknown. Janet told me your pack was...less than adequate. It is difficult for us to be without a pack, especially a pregnant omega. It’s biology, we are pack animals.” Stephen said, spouting the information he learned as his time as a doctor. He hugged the omega tighter.
AND I finally went through and fixed all those weird spaces, I hope I got them all. I didn't notice them oof they drove me crazy when I did, tho.
surprised when Tony did finally show back up to class and he wouldn’t look Strange in the eyes. There was a shift in their relationship now.
” Steve growled, sitting up on instinct. Rhodey made a move to get up but Tony stopped him and shot out of his seat.
.” She said and watched as the others nodded in agreement. She let out another sign before running a hand through her hair. “His name is Thanos. He’s been on my radar for a long time. He goes to planets and kills half of all life. He thinks it’s the only way to solve issues like poverty, overpopulation, world hunger. I call it genocide.” Carol said with a deep sadness in her voice.
“This feels like recon to me.” War Machine said. Carol nodded her head. It would make sense, if they were not here to take- they were here to observe. The suit stopped beside her, on the shoulder of the suit she saw a small figure sitting there. The figure jumped off War Machine’s shoulder and into the free air.
. Breaking a bond wasn’t illegal, just a pain in the ass. Usually leaving flu like sickness to both the alpha and omega if the bond wasn’t renewed each heat cycle. It usually lasted during the duration of the omega’s heat cycle and a couple days after words. After that, it was like recovering like a bad hangover.
.” Steve said in a whisper. “We talked about art, and the city, and everything; he’s so smart, Buck.”
. If Tony let himself get whisked away in those thoughts he would think about how much easier it is to form this pack than his last one. It all seemed to be stitching itself together so seamlessly. On the battlefield they worked together so well for people who were just meeting. He remembered the fight during the New York attack, Steve basically calling him nothing and Natasha agreeing.
“So, you’re in what? Downtime?” Nick asked, not familiar with the concept of downtime. Carol shrugged and threw her head left and right in thought.
Jan threw him a look, one he recognized from their school days. “That’s a little creepy, Stephen. With a hint of unethical, I would say.”
Both Bucky and Natasha looked at Steve in surprise at the broken sound Steve made Natasha’s statement. The alpha fell to his knees and let the tears start flowing. Natasha stared in shock, never having seen Steve this now, this raw, this
Jan was rarely at the estate, she had taken over as the full leader of the West Coast Avengers. She was heading every mission assigned to them along with any and all press. Since mostly everyone else was doing what they could to track down Thanos's daughters. Carol had been able to get their names from the Nova Core, Gamora and Nebula.
Like Steve, Bucky just couldn’t let go of the past. Maybe it was because he felt cheated out of what their life could have been. They could have gotten married, a house with a fence and some kids. Instead Bucky was mind fucked for years and was nothing more than a puppet to HYDRA. They had made sure he wouldn’t have kids, too much potential to distract from the mission. And the person who had ultimately paid for all this was Tony Stark.
Steve raised an eyebrow.  “We have plenty of wild boar on the island, I don’t see why it would too much of an issue.”
As time passed, the course of the war was revealed in enthusiastic drunken conversation.  The barbarians had somehow tamed a breed of hydra and had sicced them on the hoplites, rendering any modern tactics useless.  They had weltered for six years, campaigning indefinitely.  The only success they found was Carol rampaging on the field of battle by herself, like the heroes of old.
Why were the buildings black and white?  And the air was too clean.  The wind that was blowing through the windows was cooler than it should have been in late April.  Or was it May?  The air had no grit to it, and he could barely taste the pollutants.  It didn’t
“I insist. Really. Does no good in arguing. But for right now,” Tony extinguished his pipe and swung his feet out from the booth. “I’m famished. Wanna try and find a decent burger?”
Steve rolled his hips down one last time, insuring Tony’s cock pressed firmly along his prostate, pulling him deep,
He has a squirming human pinned beneath a claw and half a dozen others running from a blast of fire when he becomes aware of what has happened.
, Ironteddy suddenly realised. Oddly enough, Thanos seemed to understand his thoughts as if he was speaking out loud, for he only sighed and began to brush a finger down Ironteddy’s soft head.
Before anyone could give a suggestion, the portal, which had been eerily still, started to tremble and glowed. Which effectively cancelled everyone’s thoughts (if there were even any worth considering at all). The nerds in the room just stared at the portal with barely-veiled excitement in their eyes, as they were wont to do at occasions like this. The non-nerds just looked alarmed, or in Natasha’s case, indifferent.
Steve climbed up on Tony’s other side, sat leaning against the headrest and let Tony rest his head on his shoulder, petting the soft strands of his hair and massaging his scalp until he moaned tiredly. As Tony slowly drifted into sleep, he caught Bucky’s eyes, but this time, he did not look smug or threatening, only quietly speculative, and when Steve reached out to him with his other hand, Bucky licked his fingers and let him play with his ears.
Then, they came across a box of Tony’s old toys in the walk-in closet and decided to try something new. Steve never knew that BDSM would be a thing for him (saying it out loud was enough to make him flushed red), but the sight of Tony face down on the bed, his wrists cuffed to the headboard, knees propping his ass up as he wantonly cried out when Steve mouthed down his spine was way more arousing that he ever dreamed it to be. When Steve impulsively smacked Tony’s bottom when he wiggled too much, it shocked a pathetic cry out of Tony and made him rock upwards, more or less rubbing along Steve’s dick, which made him even harder if that was at all possible. Tony turned around and looked at him with dazed teary eyes, but he also squirmed excitedly and hoarsely told
Which led to Tony, the third on his list. Tony, who more or less rubbed him the wrong way the moment they met at a gala at which Steve was supposed to get some intel on Hammer Corps and their underground weapon dealings to the Middle East. Tony, with his suave manner and swift movements and beautiful brown eyes, made Steve both want to strangle him and kiss him senseless against the wall. Tony, who saw Steve sneaking into Hammer’s office but only winked at him and went off to distract Hammer for a good half hour while Steve got all the files he needed. Tony, who cornered Steve at the car park and only snickered when Steve threatened him, then leaned into his space and nonchalantly talked to Clint the other side of the comm through the hidden microphone on Steve’s lapel. Tony, who turned out to be the owner of Stark Industries as well as the tech supplier for SHIELD. Tony, who made Clint’s arrows and called Natasha by pet names and could out of the blue waltz into Fury’s office without fear of being shot in the head.
Days later, the drawing was finally completed. Ironteddy was so excited he almost knocked over the cup full of coloured pencils which would have waken Mr Stark for sure. He could feel the stitches on his neck quiver with excitement, but he tried to control himself. He rolled up the drawing and carried it over to the tool corner where Mr Stark kept his nuts and bolts and screwdrivers and other things he used to make mechanical toys. There, under a sliver of moonlight from the window high above, Ironteddy started to assemble his creation. He found a bit of scrap metal under the desk and some nails and hammers, and bit by bit, a little bit of tape here, a shiny light bulb there, little by little Ironteddy invented.
And it was just something about Obie’s voice, or his softened expression, his deep blue eyes and gentle warm hands that reminded Ironteddy of Mr Stark on the day he discovered his secrets, the day when Mr Stark loved him. Obie was also full of love for him, a fire rapidly warming up his every fibres, and somehow, Ironteddy felt a twinge in his chest. If teddy bears could cry, he would have cried right then, but he could not, so all he could do was raising his arms out towards Obie, like a child begging for a hug. Ironteddy could not speak, yet Obie seemed to understand him anyway and he pulled Ironteddy close to his chest, hugging him one-handedly while Ironteddy gripped at his shirt tightly in his feeble fabric paws, trembling all over even though teddies did not feel the cold.
Ironteddy was never given to any children. He was born within the walls of a grown-up house, no young hands had ever touched or hold him, he had never known the fresh smell of spilled milk or flowery detergent or warm cinnamon cakes or sunny days in the laundry basket. Ironteddy’s world was a mausoleum of unused toys, illuminated only by an old man’s dustfeather and a rare pat on the head. For all the love that Mr Jarvis and Obie had for him, both of them were adults and had myriads of other things to care for and were incapable of unconditional love for a teddy. That was the world Ironteddy lived in, a grey and brown world of stillness, neither alive nor dead. An existence in limbo.
EVE must have thought that the bots were no danger to her at some point, because while her arms were still crossing in front of her body, she allowed the bots to come closer to her until a point when Dummy’s claw tapped at her shoulder. EVE jumped and pointed a blade at Dummy who froze immediately.
One was his new job at SHIELD. After three tours in the Middle East, a mission that went awry and being trapped in a collapsed building for a week while war raged on outside, Steve received a shiny new medal and an honourable discharge on the grounds of his PTSD. Steve, who had grown accustomed to the dust and sweat and gunpowder and being constantly on the move, would have gone stirred crazy back in his relatively peaceful childhood neighbourhood in Brooklyn, if it was not for Phil whom he met briefly during his tours but apparently was impressed enough to offer him a job pretty much the moment he set foot back on American soil. The new job was very different from his time in the Army, requiring way more stealth and a surprising amount of diplomatic negotiations, but it was enough to keep his mind and hands busy. The pay was generous enough to let him keep his childhood townhouse and the hours flexible enough for him to pursue other hobbies, like fixing up his old Harley, resuming his drawing and spending more time with Bucky.
While he was nothing but elated to know how easily Bucky welcomed Tony into their lives, it also dawned on him on how much Bucky really loved Tony.
Or so he said, but he could not just get rid of his love. Even though Captain obviously did not care for him one wit. Even though Captain had hid the truth from him, had fought him despite his grief, had sided with his friend and abandoned him, broken and tattered, in the middle of a wasteland. Even though Captain had run away to Kittyland, shaking off responsibilities and years of friendship and a promise of love.
“Who are you calling mommy Barton? And I have every reason to freak out, all right? They don’t usually react like that towards other bots. Dummy didn’t react like that when I made Butterfingers and U. And I didn’t even know that they are capable of making such sounds!”
“First off, Hawkeye, I’m shocked that you even know the word ‘bipedal’. Who has been teaching you all these adult words?” Clint promptly threw a wrench at Tony’s head. “And second, for once you’re maybe onto something. Why shouldn’t we get a universe for all the Disney cartoons out there? There may be a world with singing tea cups and evil octopus-ladies. Star Wars may even be real too, for all we know.”
As Tony finished his Disney conspiracy monologue and half of the team dissolved into arguments about the likelihood of said scenario, Bruce heard a chirping sound from behind his back. He turned around just in time to see WALL-E poking his claw at a red button on a bench, next to Tony’s robot power station. The button must have been for the power supply because all at once Dummy, Butterfingers and U, who were all plugged in and in down-mode, moved their arms and pointed at WALL-E, who let out a loud beep, rushed back to the team and hid behind Steve’s legs. EVE, startled by WALL-E’s motion, advanced towards Tony’s bots and glared at them menacingly (or as menacing as a robot can be) while scanning them briskly. She then gave the equivalent of a huff and floated back to join WALL-E behind Steve.
Meanwhile, Tony’s bots had registered the change in their targets and had redirected their course henceforth. They stopped a couple feet away from EVE who looked very much like she was ready to slash all their wires if they got too close.
“If you are going to take him, do you mind taking those robots along as well? Those are his friends and they’ve been together for a long time.”
, Ironteddy frantically thought as he tried to keep really still, hoping that Obie would not look deeper. But then Obie picked him up with both hands and brought him up to his face.
The robots must have deemed him safe, because after a couple minutes of assessing him (the white one was, because Clawed Cube just gazed at him with increasingly wide eyes) they cautiously approached Steve’s hand. The white bot, who had sprouted a pair of blade-like arms, were tapping on his wrist in alien Morse or something. The brown bot just bumped his claw at Steve’s palm like a puppy.
