there, oh fuck, perfect, right there! Oh God…” she moaned loudly, not caring if she woke up every leopard and gorilla in the jungle if he just kept nailing her right at that perfect angle.
He continued to look at her somewhat desperately.
It truly sunk in that moment. This man loved her.
He gently withdrew his fingers, sucking on them with a reverence that could make even Toni blush.
When the waves died down, he did not release her but rather wrapped his arms fully around her waist, embracing her and nuzzling into her hair.
“J?” she asked.
She sighed. She was rapidly losing hope that he was going to be able to help her any further – unless another wild animal attacked, in which case she wanted him right by her side.
“Thank you.” She said softly as he lowered her leg.
Eventually they reached their destination. He had not been here for years, but the location was always keenly at the forefront of his mind.
“Thank you. For saving me and helping me. Thank you.” She said softly.
“Miss, I searched all of SHIELD’s records and found only one instance that could possibly match the quinjet you found.” He said.
As the newly wedded couple gestured for people to join them on the dance floor, Steve jumped immediately at the opportunity to hold out his hand to Toni, receiving a laughing smile in return.
**********************************
He groaned loudly, his lips going slack after a moment and parting as he panted out his pleasure.
He moved so gracefully for someone of his bulk, managing to press the top part of his torso to hers. She gripped his wrists, moving them away from her face which made him pause his kiss.
fantasy role play – wild man or naughty nurse. Being both is neither fair nor intuitive – clashing genres if you do not mind me saying.” She chattered as he gently inspected her wound. It looked ok, no signs of infection thus far.
“You’re really grasping English quickly. Almost like you’ve heard it before…” she said.
Steve dropped a chaste kiss on her lips.
“What… the fuck… this fucking place…” Toni panted. She pointed from the direction they came from. “Are there any more wild fucking animals set on killing me? Is it normal to be attacked this often? I mean, I’m attacked pretty often but that’s a professional hazard. This feels more personal.”
Cut through his thinking.
He took a deep breath, gathering his courage, and stepped forward to press his front gently against her back. He had remained tense, ready to jump back if she snarled or chastised him in any way.
The leopard was not so dissuaded, launching itself again at the man.
Cap had been watching her intently since their return, the look fading from vigilant worry to lust the more she visibly relaxed. Her breasts remained on show, her clothes lost back at the river.
He felt so lost. He wanted familiarity, security, the bliss of ignorance back.
“It’s a new armour. If you’re going to be joining the Avengers, you’re not going out in vintage Kevlar and spandex. Your shield only covers so much, and if you need to get airborne and I’m not around, the propulsors in the boots will get you out of trouble. You won’t be making any cross-country trips with them, but they’ve got at least a few blocks in them.” She confirmed, still lending some of her attention to the components spread out in front of her.
“It was a stealth mission, related to a secret HYDRA base where reports of experimentation on an unknown energy source were occurring. There was an extraction mission, where the operative was to acquire intelligence and related materials to deliver back to SHILED, but they never made it back to base. The quinjet was last pinged somewhere in the Gulf of Guinea.”
The grin and twinkle in her eye caused a surprising bolt of arousal to ricochet through his body. The thought that she
“Just like the old days.” Toni said with a small smile.
Toni fell back on the soft linen duvet, basking in the luxury of a mattress and blankets. If she
“Not family.” He said grimly.
He had to be persistent – “you’re worse than Pepper and Rhodey!” she had complained. But eventually she packed up her tools and allowed him to carry her – on the ground, she insisted – to the river.
“…You’re gonna beam us up.” Toni remarked deadpan.
He was going to nosedive in to the jungle.
“Risk dehydration to stay here and work on the suit or wonder alone into the jungle and probably get eaten by a hippopotamus?” She wondered aloud. “Or option three where I get malaria no matter what I choose and die anyway?” she continued, slapping a mosquito that had landed on her arm.
She sighed, flopping down to take a break. She was running out of water. She would have to seek out some soon, but she had been hoping to restore her tracker system before then so she could start mapping out the immediate area and trace her way back to the suit easily.
Her monitor display flickered and disappeared.
She would be ok.
He did something then that he never did, that he could not have even imagined doing.
“I – I would be interested to hear more about your sudden English-speaking abilities. In your own time of course. For now, I just have a little more to do…” She eyed him with keen interest before she turned away, picking up a collection of wires.
“Cap.” He said in a gruff voice.
Toni knew she had to say it now. Soon they would be in a flurry of activity, being debriefed by the Wakandan authorities, by SHIELD, catching up with Rhodey and Pepper and the rest of the Avengers, and then likely any family or friends of Steve still living. She had no intention of leaving Steve’s side through all this, but she knew privacy was about to be hard to come by.
“Then you know what I mean when I tell you to take me to bed?” she spoke softly in his ear.
But would he?
“Run it down for us J.” she instructed, squeezing Cap’s shoulders lightly to let him know she was there with him while they heard about his past.
But still, she stayed with him.
She internally justified.
He was going to crash. Even with the serum running through his veins, he could not hope to survive. And if he did, he appeared to be in the middle of the ocean. How far could his injured body swim, and in what direction?
He wished it did not have to be this way.
“Why don’t I show you?”
… give me… a finger…” she panted.
She was going to use this machine to leave him.
Cap – Steve – put down his burden and wrapped Toni in his arms, a shaky breath revealing how moved he was to finally have his real name back.
Toni’s heart stopped.
Around them a bright blue light beam appeared. The black box and two HYDRA cases went up first, followed next by the broken-down Iron Woman suit and left-over drone skeleton and pieces. Toni felt a slight tug on her body and then nothing. She was weightless.
He rushed back toward Toni carrying a water in a bowl he had woven himself from broad leaves and the strongly scented plant he used to clean his own wounds. He was nervous to leave her alone after the leopard had attacked her. If he had been allowed, he would have carried her with him to the river to keep her safe.
“You do.” She whispered back to him. “You make me so happy. You take care of me, protect me, give me everything I need, don’t you baby?” she said. Even amid playing up this Protector kink, Toni had to admit that he did. And while it went against her wide independence streak, it both warmed her heart and turned her on.
“Cap is back. And he brings water. Super helpful, thank you. Plant yourself down here bud.” She said.
She could roll back in her suit and clamp it shut again. It would still be powered down, but she would like to see the cat try to bite its way through Iron Woman’s metal alloy.
He could not listen any more. He could not
Toni pushed him firmly on to his back, kissing him deeply. Then her hand, slick with her own wetness, wrapped around his erection.
“Toni.” He repeated. His deep voice wrapped around her name in an appealing timbre.
He sat back and gestured as though he wanted to pick her up, making another soft noise in his throat.
They ate, cleaned their teeth, then he wanted to do it again.
“Toni…” he ground out, eyes darting down to watch her clever hand stroke him. She seemed to know exactly what would make him feel good. She thumbed the sensitive part under his head, then wrapped her fingers around him for short, firm strokes. Her focus on his sensitive cockhead was perfect, sending sparks up his spine.
“You… ‘not family’? You mean that gorilla was not your family?” she asked, confused.
He hovered around her all day, bringing her water and food, holding parts of her suit still while she worked on them, listening to the almost constant stream of chatter that poured from her mouth. She taught him a whole slew of new words – ‘suit’, ‘drone’, ‘tools’, ‘metal’, ‘toilet’ and ‘kickass’ for example, along with all her names for fruit and almost everything in their eyeline. The more words he learned, the more the buzzing in his head increased, the strange sense that he knew what the word was going to be before she said it.
Good sign.
She did not usually go for the rugged type, nor for men whose muscles emulated the Rock’s. Right now though, she could not imagine how this type of man
After he was sure she was staying put, he stepped into the cabin.
“Fuck! I’m close…” Toni moaned, the combination of his clever mouth and fingers making her thighs twitch and her hands clench in his hair.
She screamed, wrenching her leg away from the leopard’s claws and scrambling for the repulsor.
They found themselves in an ultra-modern plane cabin, all sleek lines and glossy surfaces. It took Toni’s eyes a few moments to adjust to the artificial lighting in the cargo area they had been transported in to.
“Stay with me Toni. Stay, please…” he murmured into her ear.
She thought idly.
He reared back, but it was not a grizzly mess that poured out.
“You like them huh? I guess some things are universal. You can touch them if you like…” Toni said, her hands trailing over her breasts, nails briefly brushing over her nipples, causing them to stand further to attention.
He cut her off, wrapping her in a tight hug.
Toni cut off, watching the man tilt his head and frown slightly in confusion.
Was that him?
“Yeah yes, you can approach the bench.” She said, gesturing him closer.
Toni squinted at him. “Are you… was that a word? English? Francais? Deutsch? Svenska?”
He swept her back up into his arms, swinging them more sedately through the vines.
“I might need you to take me back to the suit? Using the battery relay will save me days of work here…”
? Steve baby, no one blames you for what happened! The tesseract blew the controls, no one could have fixed that – not even me. The fact that you managed to survive at all is a miracle, not something to apologise for or regret. You hear me?” she spoke forcefully.
she thought.
He tilted his head, watching her hand brush against her chest. Figuring the other parts of her chest may be distracting, she reached out to grab his arms, guiding them to be outstretched so she could examine him for a scar to convey her meaning.
“Eight.” Steve negotiated.
“Again? I’m not complaining, but you know you don’t have to do this right?” she asked.
Steve turned to her, an almost hopeful look in his eye when the elevators dinged.
“Yes Miss. Director Fury has been notified that you have made contact, shall I patch him in?”
She reluctantly withdrew, sitting back to observe his dazed expression, slightly puffed up lips surrounded by his scruffy beard and when her eyes travelled lower, streaks of pearly liquid decorating his stomach and a still half-hard cock loosely held in his large hand.
“Quinjet? We don’t have any downed quinjets on the books, or any operatives that would have been even remotely in that area.” Fury said suspiciously.
“Shit.”
He had never even met another person, let alone had the chance to be intimate. He had seen other animals mating, but no matter what angle he looked at Toni, he could not imagine just draping himself over her back and… doing it.
anymore.
Jarvis.
?” he asked bewildered.
Cap limped along for an hour before he found water, resting to drink and clean his wounds. They already seemed better than before, they were definitely bleeding less.
She sighed happily. “Perfect baby.”
Steve heard himself yell, fighting tooth and nail to get there, get to Toni, don’t let her get hurt-
It was very sweet. He made her feel precious and treasured.
Once done, she waded into the water and beckoned him to come to her. He was already half-hard, eyes darting all over her body.
Her eyes reluctantly left her mysterious bearded protector and looked down to assess the damage wrought by the leopard.
He opened his eyes.
“I get that you must be pretty hard up for the female form in the jungle and you did just save my life, so I am going to allow that.” She said wryly.
He moved toward her, placing himself behind her to rub gently on her shoulders, wanting to ease the tense muscles.
He thought, not knowing where the knowledge came from but knowing he was right.
“It’ll be fine you know. Even if it is a bit awkward at first, you guys were best friends. You’ll find common ground.” She assured him.
Steve was awakened by the sound of the doorbell and then Tony stomping down to the front door.  He returned to the living room with a paper bag full of breakfast sandwiches.  It was dropped in front of Steve’s face on the coffee table.
“Thank you.” smirked Steve, admiring his neatly groomed goatee and professionally styled hair.  It was a little on the longer sides, but curled adorably at the ends.  “You are handsome as always, Tony.”
“Food and fucking.” Bucky thought to himself.
The two of them continued to watch their show for a few minutes.
That hurt Steve more than anything.
Steve’s face softened, “That sounds...nice actually.  I miss that.”
“I was just thinking.  It’s peaceful out here.” said Steve softly.
Biting his lip, Steve looked away as he felt distant tears coming.  Tony would probably be home at least in the next hour.  He couldn’t break down again.  It just started to seem like Steve was making progress.
“Why not?  Are you sure there’s not  something between the two of you…” Scott said, looking toward the kitchen, “blossoming?”
Over the past few days, Tony was staying over at Steve and Bucky's place. (They officially added Bucky’s name to the lease.)
The both nodded silently to themselves for a few minutes.  Steve drank the water from the coffee table.
Steve pulls his face to look at him and starts to move them both into an embrace.
“You just sitting out here in the cold?” Bucky snickered, lighting his cigarette.
“I know.” Bucky whimpered, “I can promise nothing like that will happen again.  This whole time I should have at least done the right thing and offered to start those payments to you as well.  I do have some money saved up a little, for the record.  I was just...scared and ashamed and I have been staying away so as to not to make it worse.”
Tony barely spoke to him when he would come in the kitchen and see the beautiful spread.  He always ate everything at least, even though Tony knew Steve was trying desperately to get on his good side.
“Yes I am.” whimpered Steve, kissing his cheeks then down the left side of his neck.  “I swear I am.” he repeated in a low tone, “Buck...please.”
“There was no excuse for the...perpetuation of...what happened.” Bucky continued, “I just think...I was holding out hope that maybe...he and I were going to be something else.  That sounds so stupid now I'm saying it out loud.  The point is, I realized that I was being selfish.  He was already with you, and you guys are in love.  You are good for him, Tony.  I’m not.  I needed to accept that and move on.  I should have just been happy for him and let him be.”
He thought it was something he ate at first, but then they became more intense and frequent.
“Me?  Tired of this?” asked Tony, grabbing the man’s muscular ass.  The movement made their cocks rub together.
Truth be told, he tossed and turned all night, staring at Tony’s sleeping face in the glow of the hazy blue led light that was above their bed.  Steve felt a little nauseous as he watched his boyfriend sleep, wondering if he even deserved the amazing person in bed with him.  So trusting, so loving…what the hell had he done?
“Answer it.” said Bucky with his sleepy raspy voice.
Other than his sleep schedule being a little off, Bucky was starting to get comfortable.
“I know right.” Bucky laughed, “Makes no sense but it’s what I’m good at.”
He sent Steve a text saying he was headed home.  It was around 4 as promised, therefore traffic was a nightmare coming back into Manhattan.
Bucky smiled.  Every time he visited he asked to go back there.  It was the only place in Brooklyn where Bucky enjoyed everything on the menu.  (And he could afford it.)  “Sure.”
He glanced over casually, “Yeah, have a safe trip.  Tell your family I said hi.”
After a search of Frank’s home, the police established that he’d been stalking Steve for some time.  He had many pictures of Steve taken without his knowledge.  Frank had been combing over the details of Steve’s life trying to find any way to ruin it.
They did inventory together before the patrons started to arrive.
“Okay.” he snickered.
Tony forced a fake smile, “You’re right about that.”
good for us.  After that last phone call we had, it just sounded like a goodbye.  I applied for jobs all over the place right before I sold my bar and I saw it as fate that my interview was here.”
It seemed like they had a good mutual understanding of what they both wanted.
Tony raised his own glass of wine and held it toward Steve’s happily, “I love you.  Happy Anniversary.  Cheers.”
Natasha moved over to sit next to Bucky on the couch.  “Now that perv is gone, wanna watch something else?” she asked.
Tony huffed and puffed, but agreed.
“When did they stop?” asked Steve.
Pepper pulled out her phone, “She’s already in my emails.  I have about 250 new emails since this morning by the way.  Do you guys need anything else while I’m here?”
Steve felt weird witnessing this heavy conversation.  He started to get up off the sofa, but Bucky put his prosthetic hand on his knee to keep him there.
Pulling the blade out of his knife, Steve said loudly “You forgot to lock the front door, hun.”  Steve saw the man point his gun back towards the sound of his voice.
“You mean going to war history or sleeping together?” asked Natasha.
“Good.” nodded Rhodey.  The two of them could hear Carol and Steve giggling about the size of all the closets.  “I just have been worried about you, Tones.  I’m worried that you are letting go of the problems you guys were having because of this-”
Steve felt uncomfortable still, like he had a front row seat to his friend’s heart being broken.  He just wanted to make it all better for him.
Looking around, even though Steve knew he was alone, he said “Stop that.” in response.
“So that Steve’s not...distracted by me."
“It’s Tony.” he said absentmindedly.
That made Bucky ask “Is there going to be more to this investigation?  Or do you have all you need?”
Natasha began hanging out with him more and more as well.
“What’s my name?”
“You lost?” asked Tony.
Steve looked shocked at that question but didn’t answer.  He just started to cry harder.
“He’s my oldest friend,” scoffed Steve, “I’m just looking out for him.  You did the same thing for Rhodey when he got dumped and had to move out of his girlfriend’s place.”
“So we are giving him 4 weeks to get his own place?  You tell him that already?” asked Tony flatly as he dried his face on a towel.
“I will.”  Steve said.  The two men hung up.  Steve leaned on the rail of the balcony and looked down at the people on the street.
“Yes, we have to get up.”
Steve sat back in his dining chair and crossed his arms defensively.  His stomach was tight and tense.
Bucky looked over at him and shook his head, “What, you’re going to tell Tony?”
Amused, the blonde man made it over to his man.  “I just wanted to see you.”
Bucky’s brows dropped down and pushed together, “You what?  Are you...on meds?”
“Oh, Buck…” his voice cracked.
Natasha pouted at Steve, “Poor guy…”
Eventually, he drifted to sleep at about midnight.
“I got it.” offered Steve, pulling out his phone.  “There is a really good gourmet Chinese place we found.  It’s actually authentic and only 3 blocks from here.  I could even walk to pick it up.”
“What?” laughed Bucky.
“I can mention to Bucky that he needs to find a new place.” said Steve, kind of sounding embarrassed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve shrugged, “Maybe.”
Bucky stared into his eyes for a second then said “I guess not.”
Bucky opened and closed his mouth a few times, trying to decide what to say.  “I’m not upset about the...walking in on me.  It’s fine, but I'm curious, did you get a good look at who else was in that picture?”
“Oh!  You’re Bucky!”  Sam said, looking over his prosthetic arm, “I’ve heard SO much about you.  I just like...I didn’t get who you were at first because Steve said your name was James.”
Nodding, he replied “About?”  He shoved some kimchi cucumbers in his mouth.
As Sam and Steve collapsed against the base of a tree outside the football field, they tried to calm their breathing as they swigged from their water bottles.
They found Natasha chatting with Tony in the kitchen.  She was sitting on her counter and he was making himself another drink.
“I love YOU too.” said Bucky in a passionate tone.  Steve was given a few more kisses before he laid his head back down on his pectoral pillow.
It was unacceptable for him to be doing it to Steve, again!  He wanted to take the blame, take it all away from Bucky so he wouldn’t have to live with it too.  Bucky tried to tell him before, things just don’t work that way.  He can’t look at Steve as he hears him crying.
The green coat man was suddenly behind Natasha, standing there and waiting for her to turn around.
Bucky woke up the next afternoon (around 5pm), feeling a little groggy.  He shuffled out of his room shirtless in a pair of pajama pants, heading to the kitchen to make some coffee.
The blue eyes drifted up to meet Tony's, “Tony, hun,  I’m not...upset anymore and it’s not what you think.”  The older man’s face was still friendly as he urged him to explain.
"It's not about what's 'fair'.  I didn't care.  I still don't." Steve huffed.
“About what?” Steve asked, still playing dumb.
He shook his hand pleasantly.
“Wanda and I were going to invite you to a concert we got tickets for.  I kind of invited Bucky already.” she grimaced.
Reaching into his jacket pocket, Tony pulled out a box that looked too big and too flat to contain a ring.  He let out an uncomfortable laugh and opened it toward Steve, “Steve, baby, would you move in with me?”
“Because you are.  That’s 100% what is happening.”
Tony did business with Pepper over the phone the whole way, not getting back until about 5:45pm.  He got an email as they crossed the bridge to announce a package had been delivered in his mailbox outside his place.  “Must be that super small computer part I ordered for Peter.” Tony thought to himself.
“Must have…” said Tony, pouting as Frank’s gun went right back to being angled towards his head, “slipped my mind.”  As soon as Frank’s attention was on Tony, Steve threw his knife to hit the man’s forearm.  It connected to the meat in his arm with a *thwack*, making him drop the gun.
“Not exactly” said Tony bitterly, letting his eyes drift around Rhodey’s house, “...especially since I was lied to.  I can move past it eventually but I’m not
“What?”
His comment sat Bucky’s face on fire.  He had to look away,  “I’m glad you are finally doing it, the graphic design thing.  You were always good at it.”
“I knew you would send me a message as soon as you noticed.”
The poor guy must have been exhausted.
“I’m sorry, Steve.  I didn’t know.  That was rude of me, I...thought I was talking with you enough and checking in.”  She put her hand on his shoulder.
Picking up his fork to dig in, Tony said “I’m so excited.  I think you should stay over tonight to honor the next step in our relationship.”
Tony looked over Steve's face and pretended not to notice the sound of Pepper’s high heels clacking up and down the hallway.  She was pacing, that must mean the meeting is soon.
Wrapping his arms around the man, he said “I thought you were mad at me.”
Just as Steve had promised Natasha, every Wednesday he would join them for karaoke at their favorite bar.  They usually had fun but by the end of the night, Steve is usually shitfaced and stumbling.  Natasha knows it’s because he is sad-drinking, not happy-drinking.  Thankfully Tony is usually asleep when his boyfriend gets home via uber from the bar.  He’d never been seen stumbling sloppily around the house.
Steve huffed and wrote “You have been, Buck.  I want the three of us to move forward.”
He was drunk.  Steve just got handsy when he drank.
The pair had been friends for about 6 years, since they met each other at a veterans day festival.  Steve was sent home from the army after he developed PTSD and could no longer serve on the battlefield.
They ate silently for a few minutes.  Bucky sipped his coffee until his head was clear.  “Are we okay?”
It was very obvious that he showed up to Steve’s building and slept there in the hallway most of the night waiting for him.
Natasha laughed, sounding kind of cocky.  Like this sort of thing happens to her all the time.  (Steve realized it kind of happens often when they go out.)
“Just get out.” he huffs in response.
“I didn’t say that.” said Tony, shaking his head, “I said I was betrayed.  You can get another chance with me.  That will be the last fucking one.  Understood?”
They got up to the apartment and Steve sat at the dining table immediately and laid one ear on his arm across it.  “Alright, time for meatball sandwiches.”
They sat in the silence for a minute.
When Bucky cleared his throat, Steve glanced back at him.  He took notice of the fact that he’d never seen Bucky’s beard that long before.   “I’m glad you’re here.” came the blonde man’s voice softly.
“Tony,” she said, putting her hands together in a praying position, “you were hurt.  If for whatever reason, they let this crazy man out of jail, I want to be ready.”
They moved together in a blissful rhythm.
Making his way inside, Steve looked toward the balcony door to confirm he was right about Bucky smoking nervously in an oversized hoodie as he waited.  The brunette man had his hair tied up in a half bun and was pacing back and forth.  When he joined him outside, Bucky immediately stopped pacing and exhaled a cloud of smoke.
“Oh yeah,” Steve said, “I...think I should move him.  He won’t be knocked out for long.”  Picking up Frank slowly, Steve placed him another dining chair and promptly locked him into handcuffs around it.  Steve hid the key in the kitchen while they waited for the police to arrive.
Bucky took care of the first round for them, giving Steve a whisky and a vodka tonic to Natasha.
With a gag, Steve rolled his eyes, “Grindr in the city.  It’s really fucking gross.”
Steve took his shoes off and nodded to Bucky to do the same. “I have one bedroom and the other is my office.  So, do you want to take a nap in my room or the couch?”
Steve mentioned that to Tony in passing and he insisted the three of them go shopping together.
“Hi there.” Tony said.
Tony kissed him passionately, “I’m so sorry this happened.  Babe, if I would have known earlier-”
Bucky arriving after his shift woke him.
“I just need to get a pack of cigs.” said Bucky, “I only smoke when I go out but it keeps my hands busy.”
Tony and Steve had been practicing with the older man being more verbally aggressive.
“What, Steve?  What’s wrong?  Do you miss him?  Bucky seems like he misses you and like he’s almost...offended when I mention you.  It’s like he’s jealous I can talk to you, as if he can’t.”
“We.” Steve corrected, “WE did that.  I will be alright.  I’ll pack some stuff and keep myself busy.”  He was pulled up into a kiss, their tongues encircling each other passionately.
Bucky froze then moved his lips with him for a few seconds.  He was patiently waiting for Steve to pull back to take a breath.
Chapter 5: And I Didn’t Understand
At first Steve was reluctant, saying they were technically coworkers. Tony assured him he was only there maybe 4 times a year for maintenance.  He was a glorified handyman or an IT guy, completely compliant with the base employee rulebook.
Bucky took another gulp of his coffee then rubbed his friend’s arm with his skin hand.  “Are you going to call him or anything?”
“Sure.” giggled Tony, receiving a bear hug from him immediately.
When he would come home from his shifts, Steve would usually find a hot meal waiting for him.  He’d done most of the grocery shopping and would give Tony the recipes he found.  They would always be cooked to perfection.
“Yeah, she was fine.  Natasha’s used to it.” said Steve.
It took Bucky a minute to realize he was being addressed, “Hey?” he laughed.
Steve agreed and hugged him tight until he was forced to let go.  He watched Bucky get dressed and go to work.
They both professed their love to each other, stealing kisses and embracing.
“Used to be.” he laughed.
Shrugging and shaking his head, Bucky didn’t move.
“For real though.  I think I could live here.”
“So gay clubs.  Of course.” he snickered.
“Nope.” said Bucky, shaking his head.
Steve just stood in the doorway, smiling, admiring.
"As far as I'm concerned, we can have 4 houses and you never have to go back to work again. Just teach some art classes if you enjoy it." Tony said in a sultry tone, staring at his man’s adorably surprised face.
“Of course.” said the blonde man, putting the robes on the bathroom counter.  He came back over to Tony and kissed his temple.  “I’ll try to pretend this is just to be romantic, not because of a flesh wound.”
Steve sat shirtless in his and Tony’s bed while he listened to Tony shower.  They had talked late into the evening about the convention until they fell asleep.
“And fuck the life out of me like you just did?” Marco asked, wagging his brows.
Steve thanked the server and he walked off.
He huffed and stormed out of the bar, pushing a few people out of his way to the door.
“It’s innocent!  He’s just flirting with you.”
“I’ve missed you,” typed Steve, “Missed having you around.  I know we can’t just fix our friendship immediately, but I hope you and I can start the process.  I want you to be happy and not push me away anymore.”
This particular man had a perfect undercut and a beard.  He was kind of sexy, wearing a very tight tshirt and shorts, in his early 40s with large muscular arms.
Bucky gave him finger guns “Yeah, anytime!  Marco was pretty...mad.”
“Yeah.  I’ve kept busy and been sober for 16 months.”
“No, it’s not from me.” said Bucky, he pointed over his shoulder, “Guy with the hipster beard with the green coat over there paid for ‘em.  He asked me to ask Nat to come ‘say hi’.”
It had been about 2 years since he had seen his friend and almost a year since he had a good phone number for him.
“Oh!” he suddenly exclaimed, “Why don’t we go out?”
The next morning, Steve immediately called into work saying he hadn’t been this sick in a long time, which was true.  He had to puke a few more times after he hung up.  Tony gave him fluids and made them both bacon egg sandwiches that they ate in bed.
Bucky stopped in front of the picture hanging over the kitchen bar, “Is that...the guy you were seeing?”  The picture was taken on a boat in Hampton Beach during a summer vacation.  Tony and Steve were shirtless in their rather skimpy bathing suits and the blonde was being kissed on his cheek and embracing the shorter man.
“I don’t know…” stuttered the smaller man as a large hand ghosted over his dick, “I have a meeting.”
Nervously, Bucky brushes his shoulder length hair again and adjusts his prosthetic in the mirror a thousand times.  Marco calls on the box, Bucky buzzes him in and he takes a deep breath before opening the door.
"Hi Steve." She smiled as he came in to sit next to her. The movers were taking a few minutes to unload the boxes.
“It’s alright, Tony.” promised Steve, staring at the spot on Frank’s forehead where his gun was pointed.
“Feeling antsy about this whole investigation thing?” he asked Steve softly.  Steve sighed, “Yeah…”
Steve then glanced down at the man in his arms and straightened himself, “Hun…”
“Is that a demand?” flirted Steve.
With that, he was out the door.
The coffee pot dinged and Steve decided to grab some jeans for himself out of the laundry room.
The coffee pot dinged and Bucky poured the hot liquid into his mug.  He blew on it a little and took a few sips before sitting next to his friend.
He laughed, “You got it.” and went off to hand the receipt to a guy adjacent to them.
She was trying really hard to get him to like her at the party.
Steve put his hands on Tony's hips, "You're even better to me."
He saw himself as guilty for enabling his friend back then even though Steve had been told repeatedly that he wasn’t the problem.
Bucky bit into his burger, "I basically had to assure him that I knew he was scared about his surgery. I told him that making everyone else feel as bad as he did was not going to ease that fear."
Bucky’s icy blue eyes stared into his pleadingly.
She nodded and started to wander around the closet to ogle Tony’s nice things.  “Has therapy been helping you though?”
Dropping his book on his desk, Steve sat back in his chair to smile at him.  “Feel better?”
Clearing his throat, Tony asked “Do you have any long term plans though?  Steve told me you were a bartender, but is there something else you’re passionate about?”
Steve held his breath, letting it out slowly as he was impaled.  There was no stopping Tony from going all the way in until he struck that magical spot inside him once more.  They held still, staying connected and breathing, listening to the running water patter on the tile.  “Go on.” Steve groaned softly, nodding his head.
When Steve first came out, he did his rounds on grindr and other hookup apps but never really found the right guy to actually fuck.  They would never go all the way because they didn’t seem RIGHT.
“Don’t take this into your own hands, Tony.  I was thinking about putting in my resignation.”
“She started to get suspicious,” Bucky continued, “when I stopped fucking her completely.  Then she figured it out when she caught us getting dressed in the back office at the bar.  She screamed at the both of us.  I bailed to get my shit from the house and prepared to run away, but...Madison showed up there with her big guido uncle and he got some hits in.  Her brother showed up at the last minute and saved me from certain death.”
Tony sighed, “I’m being summoned, here.  I got to get back to work.”
When Steve arrived at his building, he went inside and ran up the stairs to his second floor apartment.
“Turn over.” whispered Bucky in his ear, “Let me take care of you.”
Hearing that made Tony’s eyes roll back in his head.  His breath started to pick up as he let Steve ride him, listening to the beautiful whimpers as he would hit his own prostate.  Tony looked down at his man, his rippling back, his blonde hair, the side of his gorgeous face.  The expression Steve had and the way he was purposely tightening around him was too much.
The blonde man stood and went to grab two glasses containing a pink and icy beverage with fresh strawberries floating on the top.  He came back into the room to hand one to Bucky.  Tony was holding one too as he sat on the sofa.
Steve looked over at his friend, confused.  He saw Sam's delighted expression, “Do I think he’s what?”
“Me…” Bucky’s breath caught when Steve clenched around him, “either.”
“Walk, please.” Frank said, smiling and sounding friendly, “Make sure you are cool for your cameras.”  He ushered Tony inside to the elevator.  They rode up to Steve and Tony’s floor.  Immediately Frank spotted the next camera, positioning himself casually next to Tony.
Bucky’s face hardened.  He seemed to be considering that question for a minute.
They started to kiss and strip each other, ending up naked on Tony’s bed with Steve on his back and his slightly smaller boyfriend on top of him.
They cleaned up and held each other close, still naked and groping and kissing every piece of exposed skin.  Whispers of “I love you.” and “I love you more.” rang out in the dark bedroom until they both fell asleep.
Tony put his hands on his hips, “Was this about the whole rough fetish thing?  The thing that I can’t seem to do right?  Was I just not good enough at all, or just not there at that minute?”
“I’m not letting you out of my sight!  I know you rich people keep a security system somewhere.  Steve shouldn’t suspect anything is wrong.”
“Kind of slow until about midnight then we got a rush of lesbian roller derby chicks.  It was wild.” Bucky told him, glancing over his book at his shirtless friend.
It was starting to seem like an interrogation instead of a dinner.
Bucky’s expression stayed defiant with a hint of fake apathy.
“I did, and I am glad.” he responded, “I have been avoiding both of them.  Won’t they be mad at me?”
“He doesn’t have any-”
Marco seemed saddened and surprised by that.  “You’re not?”
He nodded, “Something I do when I can’t sleep.  I’ve been lifting Tony from time to time as well.”  “Have you been having bad dreams again?”
“Are you planning on just visiting...or?”
"Alright." Steve nodded, rolling his eyes.
Afterward, they washed up in the bathroom and got dressed.  They sat on the couch together and cracked open some bottles of root beer.
football?”
“You’re so sweet.” she told Bucky loudly over the music, “You’re getting a big tip at the end of the night.”
“That’s super nice of Tony to help him stay here.” she commented, strolling down the hallway to inspect the dark empty office.
Steve patted his one hand on the table, “That’s rough, pal.”
Bucky watched him reach over and grab his glass of scotch without looking at it.  He downed the rest of it.
“You mean coworkers who won’t get you punched in the face?” smirked Steve.
Steve made himself breathe deep and slow, “You’re right.”
Clearing his throat, Steve changed the subject.  “So, are you working tomorrow night?”
A few more tense silent minutes went by before Tony sat up straight to speak.  “I think the Army is going to keep my contract.”  That statement confused his boyfriend.
Cuddling him tighter, Steve cooed, “Sounds good.”
Tony took her hand and kissed the top of it, “How are you, darling?”
Most of the day, Steve was watching his show on Netflix while Tony sat with him, messing around on his tablet.  By the afternoon, Steve was complaining of a hurt stomach again.
The younger man looked at him gloomily, knowing he deserved these harsh words.  Shaking his head and quieting his voice, Tony said “I’m tearing myself in two because you’re my soulmate.  We belong to each other.  I still want us to hold each other and I want to cry with you and comfort you.  What was this all really about?  Huh?”
He really tried not to judge.
------------------------------
He proceeded to explain the whole situation to his friend.  Bucky seemed excited but did offer to pay Tony back starting as soon as he moved out.
A shiver of fear ran through Steve.
That statement got Bucky’s attention.
“Really, I mean it.” said Marco, “I could have protected you better.  I could have stopped him from-”
Marco sighed then started to speak then sighed again.  “I just...can’t lose you.”
“Maybe get a little freaky.” Tony said with an obvious smirk in his voice.
They found comfort in having more in common than they realized.
“Frank.” the guy said happily, shaking the hand offered to him.
Luckily, Tony caught himself on the counter.
The muscle on Steve’s jaw started to twitch a little.
“Boring.”
“It doesn’t matter to me.” Steve said.
“What about you?”
Laughing, Steve pulled his back, “No...no ring.”
The three dots immediately started popping up on the screen.
“Okay, I’m off.  You and Tony?”
"I know, I know." Whined Tony while leaving kisses on his neck, "You're always trying to protect everyone.  At ease, soldier."
“Wanna sleep a little more?” Tony yawned.
“Yeah?” whispered Tony.
Steve pouted and nodded, “I don’t see why not.  We’ll probably go in the morning.”
“You sure that’s alright?”
Pepper went to their penthouse for them to grab them clothing and toiletries.  She also canceled all appointments for Tony for the next 2 weeks.  The two men checked into their empire state view suite and went up to essentially,  a full one bedroom apartment.  Tony immediately went into the bedroom and sat gently on the bed.  Steve looked around the room, opening the giant closet to reveal two white fluffy bathrobes.  “I think we both need to bathe.” Steve said over his shoulder.
Bucky quickened his pace, his groans growing louder against the back of the blonde’s neck.
“I need quesadillas and my bed.  I had so much fun though!  I like this place.” she smiled, leaning up to hug him across the bar and wobbling.
The last thing he did was place an unopened water bottle next to Steve on the coffee table.
Natasha realized he was talking to her,“Yes, one more please.  Thank you.”
The only time he’d let a guy fuck him right away, was a Dom.
Steve didn’t know what to say about all of that.  He simply responded, “The baby is okay though?”
Bucky paused at being given someone’s genuine approval.  “Anyway, things were going great.  I bought a car and her and I had a place together.   Then she started to control me.  Madison treated me like shit.  She was always telling me what to do and where to go, what to wear.  She yelled at me in front of people.  Then I started venting to her brother.  Then her brother started comforting me...by fucking me.”
The humping motions Tony was making became more fierce and desperate. He was starting to fall apart.
“I do too, babe.”
Tony had told him his presentation when great, so it wasn’t that.
Bucky chewed his lip, “Yes, but that doesn’t mean-”
Steve’s reply came quickly, “I don’t know.  That’s what’s fucking me up.”
“I’ll pay a depreciated price.”
The coffee must have caused him to officially wake up because he suddenly turned to his friend with a spatula in his hand, “Oh God...oh no.  Buck, did I...did I make out with someone?”
Steve’s heart pounded as he kept a straight face and tried to mentally prepare himself.
He bit his lip and nodded, more tears threatening to fall.
Sure, he got some rest after the drive in but it wasn't enough. Bucky just chose hanging out with Steve instead of going back to bed.
Finally, Tony sat back in his seat with a pout but kept a tight arm around his love.
“Baby, c’mere.” sighed Tony sadly, hugging him and rubbing his back, “I understand how this feels like a betrayal.  You gave yourself to them and they were supposed to almost treat you like a family, huh?  This is fucked up.”
Tony said, “Couldn’t you just talk to him on the phone?  Why is this necessary?”
When they would come to their makeshift hotel home after the appointments, Steve would always run around, taking care of dinner and the laundry.  He was waiting on Tony hand and foot.  Steve still had to keep bathing Tony to keep his stitches dry, but he really didn’t mind.
With a knowing smirk, Bucky said, “Is that really what you want to ask?”
“Hey Buck.” he called softly, like when he woke up Tony.
“Don’t worry about it.  That’s chump change and I want you to be able to have anything in the kitchen you’re heart desires.”
Bucky noticed his change in demeanor and pulled him in for another immersive kiss.  It was just to wipe the sadness away.
“Okay,” Bucky said thoughtfully, “I...I started hooking up with him because we were hanging out at his place outside work.  We had a lot of things in common.  We worked together every shift and sometimes we hung out long after closing, until the sun came up.  He actually listened to me and let me choose what we did together.  I hadn’t had a relationship like that since...you and me.”
Steve dropped his hand away and looked down at his lap.
“If everything has been going well,” Natasha says, watching him stack books on a shelf, “why are you so upset?”
“I guess that’s hard since you guys have a history.” Tony said, as if they were discussing another guy that
When Steve got the door of the apartment, he started to feel increasingly anxious.  He tried to come up with something to say to Bucky preemptively, but his mind was blank.  All he had to do was apologize for convincing (and begging) Bucky to hook up with him and then he could be moved out and give him some space.  Then they could start to heal their friendship again...hopefully.
“GOD fucking...damn, Buck...I can’t last if you do it like that.” he whimpered.
This was new and exciting.
“And didn’t this still happen?” asked Tony.
“Oh, yeah?  What would that be?” laughed Steve as he continued to stretch.
Steve tilted his head to make eye contact.  He reached up with one hand and pulled the brunette into a few short kisses.  “You’re not a bad guy, Buck.  I wouldn’t love you if you were.”
“What’s that, baby?” Tony cocked his head.
Steve also chose to keep Natasha’s comments on Bucky to himself.  He didn’t want to contribute to Bucky’s emotional demise all over again.
Bucky nodded, "I did.  I was in such a bad place mentally."
“Don’t be sorry, gorgeous.” Marco smiled, “You set me free.”
“I...I’m not sure,” the man on the phone stammered, “I...I didn’t want to...do this over the phone.”
A warm smile came over his face as he went to join Steve at the dining table.  Bucky put his plate down and stood next to him for a second.
She was definitely getting more tipsy and subtly forcing her boobs to spill out of her sparkly top she was wearing.
Some nights they’d make love, some they’d watch TV, go out to dinner or an art gallery, or dance together to an old record in the living room.  Occasionally on Tony’s lunch breaks, the men would meet up at a restaurant or the park .  It was imperative to Steve that he did whatever Tony wanted, letting him call the shots and keep him happy.
Steve couldn’t believe this was all happening so fast but it felt like such a relief.
“You suck.” pouted Tony.
“What?” laughed Bucky in shock.
Tony whimpers and sobs quietly to himself, keeping his back to his boyfriend.
The two men were served by Tony and he placed his own plate down in front of his seat to join them.
“I feel better at least.” she said, staring down at her feet.
The snivelling blonde held him tight and didn’t move.
Backing up to stand next to Tony, Steve kept the gun steady.  He gazed down at his boyfriend, “Do you need me to find some gauze?”
“I mean it.”
Bucky had been doing well most days when he had something to occupy his time.  Every time he slowed down, he felt lonely and lost.  There was a smidge of guilt in the back of his mind for being so rude to Steve in his texts.  He would always find himself thinking about Steve all day every time he received one.
Steve smirked, “He’s probably making you a drink.”  They could hear things being poured and a few muttered curse words.
“Thank you.” he smiled.  May leaned toward him to add “Also this house is so beautiful!”  Steve put a flattered hand to his chest, “It was all thanks to Pepper over there.” he nodded toward her, getting her attention, “She had a friend that is a badass realtor.”  Rhodey nudged Pepper and said “Don’t tell my girlfriend that.  I’m going to catch her looking at Zillow houses as
Since they were making confessions, Bucky said “I’ve had feelings for you...since we first started being friends too.”  He became extremely self conscious and thought he sounded pathetic, “Since the first time I walked home with you to play video games.”
By the time Bucky was calm and his face was back to a normal color, it was time for Tony to show up.  Steve had to change into a red T-shirt since Bucky’s tears had soaked it all down the front.
They made eye contact. Bucky appeared to be blushing.
Shrugging, Tony said “Sure.”
Tony nodded and tossed the Smiths shirt back into the closet, "Prince of Darkness, always a good choice."
“Yeah she’s teaching me all about that.”
Steve sipped the wine in front of him and hummed in approval at how sweet it tasted.
“How is that my fault?” huffed Steve.
“Alright, maybe you and I shouldn’t text anymore.” said Bucky.
Steve felt bad for never really asking about Bucky’s mental health after they both returned from war.
When Bucky got home, Steve was asleep on the couch with Parks and Recreation autoplaying on the TV.  He ate a quick sandwich and turned everything off but the dim hallway lights.
Natasha looked at him with an attitude, “You don’t ALWAYS have to do anything.”
“Well, sure...actually.” laughed Frank.
Natasha pouts and stands up, “Oh, it’s that serious?”
They both sighed happily when the door opened on the elevator to the foyer.
Bucky looked up from touching his toes, “In Brooklyn?  Permanently.  I just need a job...and a phone...and a place to live.”
“Because everyone else wants her!  Duh!” laughed Steve.  “Also, she wanted you in the beginning.”
Tony’s head snapped over to look at him, “Oh, I am in no way giving you a pass.  Like I said, we’ll have to repair this trust between us.  I’m upset, I just...don’t know what kind of upset to feel.”
Tony sent him a text asking if he could call.
“Yup!” Bucky said jokingly, throwing his head back.
“It’ll be okay, baby.  I’ll make sure of it.” said Tony, kissing his forehead, “You don’t have to worry about anything anymore.  I’m here to help.”  He held his boyfriend until the blonde fell fast asleep.
Bucky was now in a relationship...with WANDA?!
“No prospects?”
Instead, the dam broke and tears began to stream over his face.  Fuck.  Shit.
“That guy you made out with at the club.  It was me.” said Bucky.
There was a few minutes of silence before Bucky sighed and sat up straight.
Bucky sighed and shook his head, “I don’t know.  That’s kind of personal.”
Tony followed him, doing the same.
Sunday morning, Steve woke up in Tony’s bed from the sound of his alarm.  It was about 8:00AM and the two of them were naked and spooning.
“I stink.  I just got back from a run with Sam.” he said, putting his hands up in front of him.
He got a text from Natasha saying she spent 2 hours on the phone with him and she promised her help for his and Tony’s situation.  They also made plans to meet up for coffee that week.
“The one in Atlantic City.  We got a hotel.”
Scott gave a container of dirty beer mugs to the barback, “You want to be more than friends with her?”
When he and Bucky made eye contact, the stranger pursed his lips in a kissing motion at him.
“Haven’t been ready to see anyone seriously.” Bucky told him honestly, “Just been focusing on making friends, plus I need to work on myself first.”
“I love you too.” he sniffs.
“We betrayed the trust of a man that I respect very much that has been very good to me.  To both of us.  He even makes an effort to be my friend.”
Tony scoffed, "He's not a butterfly."
Natasha was laughing the loudest out of all of them.
This was the first time they had seen each other since the months before (when Marco’s uncle was punching his face).
“I know you got a lot on your mind.”
Steve kissed Bucky’s pecs softly, “I guess so huh…”
“You don’t know why?”
As Bucky started to make eggs, bacon, and toast, his heart hammered in his chest as he thought about talking to Steve about the previous day.
“I don’t know for sure.” Bucky wrote, “You’re essentially still saying you are torn between Tony and I.  That’s not good.”
“Well, awesome!  I could tell you where to look for a place and where to apply for jobs.  What d’you think you’d like to do?  There are plenty of restaurants and coffee shops and stuff.”
“No, we just crossed paths in my department.”
“I miss him, Nat.” whimpered Steve, obviously referring to Bucky.  “It’s been over a month now since I heard from him or seen him.”  He started to cry a little.
Everyone knows how scandalous it is for a woman to be cheated on with another man but her OWN BROTHER?  Unforgivable.
The day finally came for Tony to go to his meeting at the Army base.  They were going to tell him their decision whether or not to honor their contract with Stark Industries.  Steve’s part in the investigation was no longer applicable since he left the military willingly.
The possessiveness he felt over Bucky used to get passed off (in his mind) as a strong friendship. Now, knowing what he knew, Steve had to find it in himself to be mature and supportive.
“Bullshit.” she says flatly.
“I know but I want a bigger, stronger, reinforced bed so I can fuck you more.” said the sultry voice on the phone.
When they got their waters, coffees, and usual food orders, Steve noticed Bucky tucking his hair behind his ear.  The movement made Bucky’s black eye completely exposed.
“I guess.  Natasha talked to me about it last night.  I am feeling a little better about it just not...great.” said Steve softly, staring at his food.
Bucky said “I just thought I’d mention it because in times like these you like to comfort me.”
Tony snickered,  “I support whatever you want to do, my love.”  Steve immediately pulled him into a forward kiss, making out with him and causing his boyfriend to groan a bit under his breath.  Their lips separated and Steve put their foreheads together to say “I love you, Tony.”
Nervously, Tony walked inside.  As they both went up the steps, the gun reappeared against Tony’s lower back.  Frank looked around the open floor plan home, then walked them over to the dining table.
A partition went up between the front and back seat.
The brunette man was breathing deep, seemingly relaxed for the first time that day.  “Steve?” he mumbled.  “Hmm?” Steve answered.
When Bucky took a deep breath, he exhaled pure defeat. He made this conversation happen. Time to open up.
Steve put on a brave face and smiled back at him, “Hey, yourself.  Did you ask everybody to come over?”
“Good boy.” Bucky smirked, adding a finger and pumping deeper.
A few minutes later, Bucky re-emerges.  Steve looked up with a puffy, red face.
“Why do you need a new job?” asked Bucky.
Bucky really didn’t want to bother her.  “I just had a nightmare.” he sent, already regretting it.
The lobby and elevators had just been painted brighter, more modern colors.  He could smell the new floors they had put in as well.  When he got to the door, Steve had to take several deep breaths before knocking.
“I also meant what I said earlier,” Bucky told him, “I’m not interested in a relationship right now.  There’s too much shit going on.”
When Steve finally looked at him with his red and glossy eyes, he looked so weak and helpless.  It reminded Bucky of when they were younger and Steve was the smaller one that he had to protect from bullies.
Like Steve didn't have enough problems?  Now he was going to think he couldn't trust Bucky to not take advantage of his fragile state.
“How’d you guess?” he texted.
Bucky pressed his brows together in concern.
“Gonna invite Bucky?” asked Tony.
“Oh yeah.  Where are you two going?”
Groaning playfully, Bucky leaned forward and let himself be pulled into a tight embrace.  His scruffy chin rested on the blonde man’s broad muscular shoulder.
“James!  Say something!” said Marco’s voice loudly from the phone.
“I have been dreaming fucked up shit too.” admitted Bucky, “Isn’t that our thing?”  Shrugging, Steve said “I guess.”  More heavy silence followed.
Tony stopped making out with him to pull back and moan while squeezing the muscular man by his pecs. "My God, you feel so good."
“Not really.  If you ended up with Natasha, that would have been a different story.”
Natasha started humming along to a song playing then Bucky came back with their drinks.
Why did he care?
Bucky picked up his mug of coffee, “I got out of there and drove away through the night.  Then I came to the only friend that was close enough and I thought he could help me.  That’s it.”
“Thanks for coming!” she cried happily.
Steve had given up on texting Bucky since he would always be short with him and be quick to hostility.
“Well congratulations!” said Tony, clutching his chest, but stifling a smile.  “Remember my heart condition?”  His towel fell, leaving him naked, hands on his hips and trying to breathe.
“Well, at least you have a dad.” Steve said sincerely, looking at his feet, “Just try to make your peace with him while he’s still alive.  He’s the only parent you have.”
“Wouldn’t that be expensive?  How long are we talking?” Steve asked.
“I’m burning everything right NOW!  You can’t disagree!  I’m fucking doing it.” says Bucky, trying to sound stern.
Excitedly, Tony slid out of his side of the booth and stepped over to Steve’s side to lean down and kiss him.  They both laughed as they pulled back since the waiter stood around holding their desserts.  He was trying not to interrupt.
Tony opened his eyes and paused, "What, right now?"
“Who said you were losing me?” Bucky asked, patting his knee gently.
“You shouldn’t have to start all over somewhere else because of me.”
“No...I mean, I don’t want to stop-” Steve said, looking up at him, “this.”
“Love making you fall apart, baby.” he said back in a low voice.  Tony leaned down to take the hands off of Steve’s cock.  Without hesitation, he dip his head down to start sucking off his lover.
He was cooking for Steve often and taking care of the dishes.
As their wine was being poured, Tony waved the menus away and ordered 2 filets with potatoes.  He extended his hand across the table, Steve grabbed it to hold.
“Why are YOU sorry?  I did it to myself.  I walked around all over the city before work to clear my head but then I was tired from my long walk so that didn’t help-”
Bucky forced a fake smile and adjusted himself to sit up straight, “I uh...just missed you.  Thought we should catch up.”
When the party was in full swing, Steve was in the kitchen, replenishing different dishes and refilling the sangria pitchers.  Tony came sauntering into the kitchen door with a glass of drained sangria in his hand, “There you are, baby.  Quit being a busybody and go talk to people.”
“I told Tony about everything.” Steve wrote.
“Could I get your number?” he asked in a flirtatious tone.
"Apparently time passing doesn't matter." scoffed Bucky, “C’mon Steve, we almost kissed yesterday!”
Steve had dropped down to squat in front of him and smile, “What’re you doing here, Buck?  It’s been a while since I last heard from you.”
I hope you enjoyed this.  PLEASE give me your comments.  I will love one or 2 words.  Even an emoji will do.  You're beautiful!
“Did you go to Tony’s earlier?” asked Bucky, washing the pot and scooping the fresh coffee into the filter.
Tony seems dumbfounded.  Steve stepped between them, “I hope you get the help you need Frank, but I doubt they’re even going to let you plead insanity over this.”  Pointing at Tony, he continued, “You just shot one of the richest men in Manhattan.  You’ll be looking at attempted murder.”
They paid for their food and started walking back to Steve’s place in the dark.
“Hey!” exclaimed Steve, smiling and waving with his water bottle in his hand.
“I have that one too.”
Steve arrived at Tony’s place, let himself in, and went up to the living room to wait.
“Can I call?” he wrote.
“I think they’re going to keep your contract.” Steve smiled softly, “They would have called you in earlier if they weren’t going to.  I hope they do.”
Steve cupped his friend’s face and said a little louder, “Bucky?  Bucky, wake up!”
Tony was getting ready to leave the office when he got a call on his cell from the Army.  It was a representative saying that even though they needed to meet up and speak about it in person, unofficially, they wanted to honor his contract.
“Are we okay?” came Bucky’s voice through the silence.  “Yeah Buck,” pouted Steve, “we’re okay.”
Last Steve heard Bucky had moved into the suburbs of Buffalo with an Italian girlfriend of his.  He never judged Bucky’s actions or mistakes, he told his best friend he would always be there if he needed help and he meant it.
Steve pulled Tony into a half hug, “I was going to try and be strong.”
"God, you're so hot." Steve said into his ear with sizzling intensity.
“You did.” Steve said pleasantly, “We are all still alive, including yourself.  You won a metal, you lost an arm.  It was selfless and brave.”
“In my country, we call it ‘thandayo’...like he thinks you are the most beautiful person in his life.” she thought for a moment, “I guess, he has fondness?  Steve looks at you like you hung the moon.”
“Been here and there.” Natasha shrugged,  turning to him, “Tinder cruising...hanging out with Wanda.  Been going to Bucky’s bar to hang out sometimes.”
When he grabbed his phone to read it, Bucky almost dropped it.
“Hold on to me.” Bucky told him low and gravelly.  He took Marco by the hand and led him into his bedroom.
“Pretty good.” Tony nodded, adjusting his arm sling, “Steve’s been feeding me mostly vegan.  He said I need the vitamins for healing.  Other than that, just working from home and trying to build up my strength.”
There was no way of knowing how long it would be until he saw it again.
“You gonna tell me what’s wrong?” Natasha asks.
“Oh, that’s all?” scoffed Natasha.
“Yeah!  I just cleaned the sheets and I’ll be out here fucking around.  Feel free to sleep as long as you need to.”
Steve sat back in his chair in confusion.
“It’s from my higher-up.  Apparently I am being placed on temporary leave.”
Steve had asked Tony to be rough with him and he was trying to, but ultimately he couldn’t fully commit.  As soon as Tony would take hold of his throat to choke him, (like he was asked to) he would loosen his grip gradually until he wasn’t even trying anymore.
With a soft smile, Tony told him “Look, I know how hard this has been for all of us and I’m quite frankly, tired of it.  Life doesn’t need to be hard anymore.  We as humans don't know how much time we have left.  Just keep the intentions strictly friendly with Steve and everything will be fine.”
“Probably just need to go see Steve and Tony to make sure they’re okay.”
“I got work tomorrow morning at 9 am.  I don’t have any clothes with me.”
-------
“How long did you stay separated before?”
Wanda had just started chewing some dip on a cracker, “It really is!”  Her words were muffled by the food.
Bucky looked up at the ceiling and picked up the phone to hold it up closer to his mouth.  He had to wait to stop crying and calm himself down enough to speak.
Steve and Bucky made intrigued faces at each other.
Steve couldn’t help but feel like Bucky was speaking harshly about himself.
“It’s okay, babe.  I’m glad you’re here now.” whispered Tony, almost sounding so comfy that it was putting him to sleep.
The driver dropped him off around the corner from his place on the sidewalk.  He went around to pull out his key and unlock his mailbox near the front door.  As Tony pulled out the package, he noticed a guy leaning against the building between the garage entrance and the mailboxes.
“Babycakes.” pouted Tony, both of them pausing in the space between the two entrance doors.  “When you are with me, you don’t ever have to ride that dinky train again.”
“No, no.  I’m sorry I snuck out of bed.  I woke up and couldn’t go back to sleep.”  Steve told him, putting the album into an open box next to him.  He turned his music off on his phone.
“Is that what you want?” Rhodey asked, raising his eyebrows so high, his forehead wrinkles were extra prominent.
A swift silent nod came from Bucky as he chewed.  His hair was half up in a hair band and he was in a red henley shirt.  Steve kept looking him over with approval, telling himself that it was just because he was dressed nice to get hired.
Marco sniffed, “I-I know.  I just didn’t want any of this.”
Steve patted him on the shoulder to comfort him.
Steve was still talking and sobbing but Tony had zoned out and didn’t hear what he was saying.  It was like he had tunnel vision as he stared right past Steve’s face.
Steve agreed happily and got up to help him retrieve his suitcases.
It wasn’t long before Bucky couldn’t take it anymore and rolled Marco over until he was bent over on all fours.  They had rough, vigorous sex that was over pretty quickly but left them both with blinding orgasms.
“I was about to go to bed.” said Steve, “I already brushed my teeth and everything.”
It couldn’t have been later than 2am when he felt a body crawling over him.
“And my dad’s got throat cancer.” laughed Bucky bitterly, dragging his cigarette.
"Baby, you better fist my cock tighter." Tony whimpered out. Trying to sound tougher, he said, "I want it to feel like that magnificent hole of yours."
A few women could be heard squealing silently in the silence.  Steve didn’t dare look at anyone besides the man in front of him that was pouring his heart out.  He couldn’t believe this was happening.
Tony leaned up to kiss the taller man, then moved down to leave open mouth kisses on his neck a few times.
“Fuck you!  You ruined my life.” said Frank.
Steve flipped the eggs before they could burn, “Did you see who it was then?”
He kept Steve’s bed, but ran to Bed Bath and Beyond to get all new bedding.  He made sure to immerse himself in video games, work, and socializing with his sister (sometimes his dad) and his coworkers.
“Mhm.” he mumbled.
Just then, Steve’s phone started to ring.  It was Tony.  The blonde caught his breath and answered it on facetime immediately.  “Hey hun, you on your way?” he answered cheerily, some leftover giggles creeping up.  Steve panned the camera over so Bucky could be seen over his shoulder.  “Hey!  Me and Sugarbear-'' Tony showed Rhodey briefly beside him, “should be there in about 15 minutes.  We’re going to that Columbian steakhouse.  Sounds good?  You want to come with Buck, bring your manbun, maybe some harem pants, birkenstocks?”
“Sure thing, bye.” he said in a fake happy tone.
They immediately went up to his apartment to cuddle up on his massive new couch.
A ton of guys were already walking around without shirts on and making out in the seating area even though it wasn’t even midnight yet.
Eventually skipping breakfast caught up with them and they did have to get Chinese food delivered.  Of course they ate in bed and put on some music then cuddled and fooled around for the rest of the day.
Steve nodded, “Alright.  I think I was going to go stay with Tony again tomorrow night, but I will be back in time to see you off, hopefully.”
The days the couple had shared recently were filled with eating a meal or two, television, and nonstop sex.
“Hello?”
“Did I say that?”
A laugh huffed out of Steve and he met Tony’s eyes, “You want to move in together?”
Marco gets a call from the design company a little before 7 and is told that he has a second interview in 2 days.  When he hangs up, he stands and Bucky stands with him, pulling him into a bear hug and telling Marco congratulations.
“I’ve already called the lawyer in case we need to hammer anything out in court.” assured Steve.  “You know they will fry him.” she said, “I just feel so bad for you two.  This must have been so scary.”
Steve closed the closet door and stood against it, “Can’t say I am, although Shelbyville is tempting.”
He was attempting to look at Tony as he spoke “I also...needed to go to therapy because I needed advice, or like, guidance.”
“Oh yeah?  That’s great news, man.  I’m happy for you two!”
As Steve appeared in the dining room with fresh clothes and wet hair slicked back, Bucky was snapped out of his thoughts.
"Sure,"she smiled,"I'm sure it's not possible to love two people at once."
“Of course.” said Steve sweetly.
“I know, but this is like a bachelor pad...it’s not for us to nest.” said Tony, looking out the large windows at the view of the city lights twinkling in the night sky, “I will never get a return for this place, and apparently it’s not as safe as we thought.  So maybe I should just ask bare minimum for it, let some single guy with an entrance corporate job have it.”
That made a bright smile come over Steve’s face as he turned back around.  Tony was naked and opening the door to step into the shower behind him.  A small sigh escaped Steve’s chest as arms wrapped around his waist.  There was already an erection rubbing against Steve’s ass when his boyfriend’s chin rested on his shoulder.  “See how hard you make me?” Tony whispered.
As soon as the elevator in Tony’s building opened for Steve, he was met with a tight embrace from his boyfriend, in his casual ACDC shirt with a long sleeve underneath.
“I knew you’d been crying when I picked you up.”
“Want me to order fried chicken from Blue Ribbon?” pouted Tony.
Steve stopped her, “Just avoid the hurt one.”  Tony opened his right arm with a smile.  Steve opened his left arm for the three of them to embrace.  The hug was gentle and they all giggled when it ended.
This lanky guy reeked of cigarettes when he breathed out his laugh, “I just came here to visit your boyfriend, Steve.  We miss him since he left the base.  Is he around?”
Bucky had never run so fast in his life.  He was back in a flash and slipped on the condom.
When was right in front of the man, he said aloud “Who the hell is-”
Steve let himself lose his mind for a few more minutes, went to the bathroom to wash his face, gathered his boxes into the living room, and called the movers.
Bucky huffed a laugh, “Scott likes Natasha.  He wants me to get them acquainted.”  He kept Okoye’s comment to himself, wondering if Steve would find it funny or insulting.
There was silence for a minute, then Bucky let go of him slowly and sat in his own chair, putting his knees between Steves and rubbing his shoulders.
Tony groaned while he watched him.  He turned the speed of the vibrator up even more.
Steve huffed one small laugh, like he thought that was the cutest question ever.  “Braised red snapper, garlic potatoes, and raspberry gilatto.  Hopefully the cops cleaned that stuff up and it’s not melted everywhere when we get home.”
Bucky considered her his favorite person to work with.
Looking like he was shaken from a trance, Tony asked “Wait, is this why you’ve had chest pains?”
-------------------------------------------------------
“Cool.  So, when you show up to the bar, remember to sit by the register.”
“No, I’m sorry.  I’m getting married.” she said with a slightly boozy voice, “Thank you so much for the drinks, though.”
“I love you.” Steve said out loud as the door shut.  He knew his boyfriend didn’t want to break up.  At least, Steve hoped so.  Tony needed more time, so he had to accept it.
Natasha saw them come in from her kitchen area and rushed over to greet them.
The waitress checked on them and filled their coffees.
Nodding, Natasha told him “I agree, Steve.  Got to let it off your chest.”
“Why would I be?” he shook his head.
Steve looked over his bruised face, noticing his black eye was starting to look even darker purple than it did that morning.  Pretending not to notice, he suggested “There are plenty of bars, grocery stores that need overnight stock people.”
“I’ll be over to see you soon as you give me the green light, okay?” Natasha told him, “Let me know if you need anything.  Like...do you want me to talk to Bucky for you?”
“Oh thank God!” said Marco, his voice being deeper than Steve thought it would be.  He had a thick New Jersey-esque accent.  “I was texting you in case you got a new phone.  I didn’t know what else to do!  I’ve been so worried.  Where are you?”
Rhodey sat on the adjacent loveseat next to Tony and patted his knee.  Tony put on soft jazz from the state of the art wall speakers for background noise.
“Come get me then!” laughed Steve over his shoulder as he ran just ahead of him.  It was foggy that morning in the light of the barely rising sun.
The smaller man went limp in his arms, and let his strong hands take over.  One went to Tony’s left pec to hold him up and play with his nipple.  The other continued petting his dick expertly.
Tony audibly gulped when Steve fully grabbed him to start stroking.  “The movers are here with you, I presume?”
It was late summer, so the weather was still pretty warm but getting colder every day.
Bucky was groaning and panting, whimpering “No...no!” repeatedly.  His prosthetic arm was clutched around a couch pillow as he laid on his right side.
Tony’s hands settled on the blonde man’s shoulders, “Why’d you keep it from me for so long?”
Frank sighed and took off his coat, tossing it on top of the dining table.  He began to pace and rub his head like he was in pain.  “Do I have to gag you?  Or I could just knock you out so you can’t scream.”  The nostrils on his giant down-turned nose flared.
“Okay.” he replied, laying down on his side.
“How’s that?”
There was no way Bucky could control the grim look on his face.  He didn’t reply.
The terrified look on Bucky’s face got worse and he started to whine louder in fear.
Steve just made a concerned face.
Tony smiled up at him then moved in to kiss and suck on the sensitive spot on his boyfriend's neck.
Bucky groaned softly and kissed the top of his head a few times.  “Me too.”
Finally Steve stopped crying.  “Everything will be fine.” Bucky whispered in his ear, “We finally both have what we wanted, Steve.”  They pulled back and Steve smiled at him and straightened himself.  The music seemed louder in the complete silence.
“Only if you make it difficult to speak to you.  I hope you and Tony work things out.  I am going to start paying Tony back in the next month.  You tell him that I will call him.  I got to go to bed now.  Goodnight.”
Did he somehow find out about Bucky?  Wait, how would he have known?
Steve made his way up to his old apartment in a basic blue shirt and his nice denim jacket.  For a second, he marveled at the appearance of his former home.
Bucky cleared his throat so he didn’t startle him.
Bucky looked up at him but the other man’s eyes stayed focused on his food.  “You’re worried I might overstay my welcome?  I wouldn’t do that to you.”
Tony scoffed and set down the bags on the empty counter next t o Bucky, “No way.  You guys sit at the table.  I’ll plate this stuff myself.  You got to have the right portions of each dish.”
Sitting back and sighing pleasantly, Steve said "Wow, that's really nice. That's progress.  He just opened up to you?"
Sam encouraged him to come back to the group therapy as well as his current counseling.  Steve assured him it would be too much for him to do all that.  It was already hard for Steve to focus on anything but he and Bucky’s drama.  Bringing up old experiences in Pakistan was just going to make it harder for him.
“Why all the Sia?  That’s all you listen to when you’re sad.”
“Not like this.  It’s always got to come to an end.  This feels right, like we have all the time in the world.”
Steve had his arms around his man with Tony’s back against his chest and his head resting on his shoulder.
“What if we just kick you out?”
“Did I ask for your input?” asked Tony angrily.  “No.” said Steve in a small voice.
“It does.  It just makes me sad.”
“Steve, I asked you before-”
More tears escaped Tony as he looked up at the sincere man standing above him.  Steve was still all serious and fiercely protective but also turned his face soft every time he made eye contact with Tony.  Even though he was a little dizzy, Tony reached up with his right arm and cupped Steve’s jaw.  It was obvious now that Steve’s left eye was completely swollen from being punched and would be discolored for a while.  Steve dropped one hand away from the weapon so he could face him better.
Bucky was making notes of where they should stop and put in applications when a slew of texts started coming in.
Examining the way he answered that last question, he knew Bucky was lying.  “At least he helped you when it mattered.” offered Steve.
Steve grabbed his full bottle and nodded.  They headed to the floor where the music was much louder and the air was much hotter and humid due to the bodies and bright lights.
“Shit, you’re so addicting.”  came the voice above Steve.
He nodded and they got an uber to the bar.
“I don’t want you getting derailed with me while we ‘try to hang out like normal’, Steve.” Bucky said, sounding hurt and getting Steve to look at him again, “This shit isn’t normal.  We re-opened something that can’t be closed again.”  He continued, “Your boyfriend just got back from a week long trip and you’re here with me right now.”  Bucky finally met his gaze, “This...conversation could have waited.  You’re already prioritizing me over him.”
Marco sighed, “No, no he isn’t.  James, I’m so sorry.  This was all my fault.”
“Well I’m not, Jerk.” Steve forced a laugh.
The music was starting to become techno ballads.  A DJ announced that it was time for the last call for alcohol.
"Did you drink something strange tonight?" Tony asked sweetly.
Steve let out a low chuckle, “Damn right it was.”
He felt a little proud of himself since he stopped whatever might have just happened.  They didn’t, so that should count for something.
That pushed Steve to finally yell, “Not if you act like this!”
Bucky went to his bedroom to grab his coat and keys and such.
“You go for the lack of people but stay from the lack of gas stations.” joked Bucky, “I understand.  I just don’t want to deal with my dad.  I feel like he’s just going to be...vicious since I haven’t been home.”
"Sounds good." Tony leaned up to press their lips together a few times.  When he pulled back, he seemed to be in his thoughts, “Hang on, what if we don’t need to kick Bucky out?’
"I forgive you if you forgive me for not controlling my word choice because I was angry."
Tony cleared his throat to get his attention, making the blonde shut the album suddenly and take off his earbuds.
Steve smirked at him quietly for a second.  Moving in together would definitely be more feasible than marriage.  “I guess you’re right.  I would like to live a little closer to the base.”
Steve sat back in silence, patting the prosthetic.
Also: try to remember that I am a real person. Remember to look through the tags before you start reading. If this fic makes you upset, it wasn't meant to.   Hate/threatening comments toward me as a person over a FICTIONAL story about people that do not exist are not welcome and will be filtered out.
When he would visit Steve more often a few years ago, they visited a tiny Korean place.  That food would chase away hangovers after long nights out at the bar.
“You think Imma idiot?” Steve slurred.
Tony looked up and connected their lips, which made Steve cradle his face and deepen the kiss.  Tony told him, “I don’t want to think about that either.  I just want to be in this moment, right now.”
“Well, as you may understand, I am hesitant to continue this business arrangement while my boyfriend was forced to quit.”
Steve cuddled him close and told him it was all okay and to take as long as he needed.
Tony scooted around so he could prop up his bad arm and face Bucky properly.  “So...would you like to discuss the apartment matters first or the...other thing?”
He looked over casually and pouted, “Sure.  When would we go?”
As soon as Natasha comes back she puts 3 unopened bottles of o'douls non-alcoholic beer in front of them.  “Thanks.” smiles Scott, “That’s really nice of you.”
“I wanted to apologize.” Bucky said.
Later, when Steve was about to leave, Bucky still wasn’t back.
Steve just wanted to reach over the bar and hug him.  “It’s alright, Buck.  You need these things more than I do, and you deserve them.”
Rhodey crossed his arms and stared sternly at his friend, “So you’ll think about possibly ending things with Steve and let me know what you decide?”
Steve told her “It was, but I handled it.”
With a few knocks, Tony let himself in.  He was holding 2 large brown paper bags, “Buongiorno boys!  I’ve got lasagna and chicken parm!”  Bucky was in the kitchen drinking water and smirking through the open space above the bar.
Bucky leaned into Steve’s ear to ask, “You about ready to go?”
“I was just being nice.  We were celebrating our engagement, I thought you knew.  I’m so sorry for the confusion.” she said, sympathy in her voice.
Things were finally nice and civilized between them.
“Morning.” Bucky nodded, “What time is it?”
When the silence got to be too much to bear, Bucky asked “D’you think we should talk NOW?"
Bucky suddenly said “You don’t have to protect me anymore,  ya know.”
When Bucky pulled back, he kissed up Steve’s spine.  The arm Steve was using to hold the other man’s head dropped down and slipped his shirt off.
That was the meanest thing he had ever said to him.  Even though his boyfriend had been rude to him first, it didn’t make it right.
“So what do you say?” Tony asked, eyebrows worried.
“It is.” joked Tony, getting a smirk from Rhodey.
Steve almost asked for an explanation of why he had an affair with his girlfriend’s brother.
Rhodey gave him an uneasy look, like he was questioning his friend’s logic for the hundredth time in their lives.  Tony told him “Steve’s taking great care of me, of the situation with our penthouse, everything.  We had to replace giant windows, get bullet fragments taken, and blood cleaned from my home.  We’ve been through something traumatic, and I know you remember that something like that brings people closer.”
Steve immediately flushed and walked quickly and quietly into his bedroom to get the hamper of dirty towels.  He ran through his kitchen to the laundry closet.
Steve noticed the flirtatious tone in her voice, even though the other two men didn’t.
A metallic song was blasting from his “Stark pod” speaker.  Steve was chuckling at the sound of his boyfriend singing along.
Bucky nodded and started to write his sister a message on Facebook.
Examining him, Tony tried to figure out what his chances were of getting out of this situation.  Frank’s plan seemed to be to either kill Steve or Tony.  Why else would he be doing this?
“And it’s with Wanda.” Steve added, staring back at him.
Steve huffed, “A little bit, yeah.”
“You alright, Nat?” asked Bucky, handing her napkins.
Tony nodded, sipping his own drink happily, “You can’t drink and look like you need one.”  Steve giggled and sat next to his boyfriend, whispering a thank you into his ear.  “It’s over now,” Tony said to Bucky, “don’t you feel a little better?  I feel like I do.”
“No,” urged Bucky, “tell me what you’re thinking.”  Keeping his tone friendly, he scooted even closer in case he needed to take the blonde’s hand.
Bucky continued “You guys are already doing too much for me.”
“As someone who has cheated before, yes I’m sure.  That doesn't count.  Just keep it between us.”
“You saved my life.” assured Tony against his mouth, “Even when I’ve been callous and cold to you lately.”
“Well, I hate to tell you this but I always planned on going back to doing some kind of artistic work.” Steve said, “I was thinking of teaching painting classes to children at the community center.  You know my favorite nights at work were always with the kids and it doesn’t pay much but it’s fulfilling.”
When Bucky’s pants were back on, he stopped and turned to Steve.
“I can, probably.” Steve said.
“Apparently it’s benign.  He’s going to have surgery soon.  Becca asked me to come visit before then.  They were going to have a cookout.”
“I’ll come over, honey.” Steve assured him, “Just let me stop at home after work to give Bucky the house key.”
-----------------------------------------------------------
“No, it’s not because we’re gay.” sniffed Steve, “They are saying because Tony’s company is in charge of our web security and weapons maintenance, that I technically shouldn’t be with him.  Word got out that we were moving in together so it is serious, and my boss renewed our contract with Tony’s company 3 months ago.”
"No problem." He giggled.
Steve never took his eyes off his friend as he listened.  His stomach felt like it was tied in knots.  So the guy’s name was Marco.
"I'm not at work. Unexpectedly, I had a friend show up today.  He was hurt with no place to go..."
Plopping down on Steve’s couch, Bucky sighed and proclaimed “I’m so glad you came with me today.  Thanks for dropping everything to help me, man.”
Tony slowly shook his head, “Why would I kick you out?”
“Would you really leave?  Even further than where you moved last time?”  It hurt Bucky’s heart because he could almost read it in Steve’s sad tone.
"Brunch," he corrected, "I want to see you as early and long as possible. I have to pop into the lab for inspections tomorrow evening."
“They called me,” Sam said in a low dramatic voice, raising one eyebrow, “The Falcon.”
“Oh yeah?  How long are you staying?” Sam asked Bucky casually.
“I can’t, it’s me and Tony’s anniversary.” said Steve,swigging water.
When Steve was noticed, a random woman got up out of one of their area chairs facing the sofa to let him sit there.  Bucky smiled at him, “You’re back!  I just tried some of your crab dip, it’s amazing.”
The next morning, Tony’s alarm went off at 6:30 a.m.  Steve groaned and turned it off as they both started to sit up.
Bucky made eye contact with his best friend, “I’m somewhere safe.  Safe as I will ever be.  Unless your uncle is hunting me down.”  He propped his phone on the arm of the couch.
“Sure.”
Bucky sighed, “I know.”
“Are you sure you want to let me use your bed?” he asked.
“Yeah, we were in the war together so we’ve been through a lot.  I don’t know, I guess I’ll let him stay temporarily.”  Steve decided.
“I figured you would soon.  That’s good I guess.  Feel better?”
“Oh…” Steve said softly, dropping his smile, “sorry to hear that.”
“I uh…” said Bucky, “I need to get ready for work.”  He stood and hurried out of the room to his own bedroom.
“I want to move on too...maybe move away, actually” said Bucky.
“I guess so.  For something that keeps coming up in my life over and over, no matter how much I try to get rid of it.”
“It’s my night off.  It works out perfectly.”
“I’m aware of that.” says Steve in a teary voice.
“About when I moved in here.” Bucky said, finally returning his gaze.  He announced he was taking a shower and took one of his pills just to be safe.
Slowly Steve crept into his penthouse, keeping quiet and staying low.  His Army training was kicking in as he peeked under the stair rail to scope the perimeter.  Immediately he saw the man he didn’t recognize pacing and his boyfriend sitting on a dining chair with his hands behind his back.  Steve had never seen Tony look so scared before.
“Fuck yeah.” Steve said, making a playfully excited face and fist bumping his friend.
“I’m fine, Stevie.  I’m worried about YOU.”
“Are you kidding me?” Steve laughed without humor, “I got you shot!  I should have been able to prevent that.  I have the training, I’m supposed to protect you.  You did well honey, you ARE doing so well.”
“I’ll bathe you.” shrugged Steve.
Steve exhaled with arousal, “I’ll try.  If I can’t, you can come stay here with me, right?”
Thinking to himself for a minute, Bucky said “Wow…”
He had assured the older man many times that he wouldn’t hurt him.  It was okay to be more coarse with Steve.
“You can tell me.  I’m not a gossip.  You know me better than that.” she insisted, nudging him.
“Give me the short version.  The cops will be here to get you soon.” said Steve.
Laughing, Steve replied, “I guess...you know you can’t solve all our problems with money and sex right?”
Looking around and stammering, Bucky said, “You could work out with Sam.  I'll be here.  You will get a lot of packing done.  Maybe we could have you all moved over to the penthouse when Tony comes back.”
Other than hanging out with his friends, Tony immersed himself in work.  His young new intern, Peter, was starting to stay later and later when he noticed the change in his mentor’s work schedule.  Peter was an adorable junior in college, a crisp 20 years old.
The girls started to walk toward the glass doors of the dining hall to eat outside.
“Yeah!” he answered happily.
“It’s finally time, Tony.” said Pepper, throwing up her hands, “I’m going to call her.”
“Yes, but it’s good you want to tell Tony.  That’s great, just don’t do it tonight.”
“Why are you here at 7 am?” Steve asked, looking him in the eye, trying to get him to stop lying.
“Love you.” responded Steve, locking eyes with Bucky once more.
Steve scowled and sipped his beer, “What’s wrong with him then?”
Steve watched his bedroom door close and couldn't help but wonder how long he was going to stick around this time.  He also couldn't believe Bucky had made the sober decision to cheat on a woman with her own brother.
“Then we’re good.” shrugged Tony.
Bucky scoffed, “Well I guess I can have my breakfast and go so you can finish moving.”  It seemed as if he was fighting off his own tears trying to well up and it was making him mad.  He grabbed a bag with a bagel sandwich in it.
Tony finished first and washed his face.  “So, are we going to talk about that lease of yours?”
What has he just gotten himself into?
“I didn’t say you were nosey, did I?  You’re fine.” he said, forcing a smile that went away quickly.
“I’m putting the space between us to see if it’s possible to live without him in my life.  I’ll decide eventually if I can’t do this anymore, okay?  I promise.  And I did ask him, but he didn’t say.” said Tony, looking up at him pitifully.
"I offered my hand to you when you were in the Hospital.” Steve told him in a stern tone.  He gave his recollection with slight irritation.
“I know.” Bucky said, fidgeting with his fabricated hand.  “The dreams just...give me phantom limb pain.”
Steve assumed he meant his fling with Bucky.
A pleasant shudder rippled through Steve when he felt the soft tongue begin to lick him open as soon as he stopped talking.  He forgot how much Bucky liked to talk dirty.
Steve held his own coffee as he stared up at him.  The sounds of the city were loud since it was a bustling Saturday morning.    “Sleep okay?” asked Steve finally.
That statement shocked Steve, “You mean that?”  He still looked sad.  Steve himself wasn’t sure if that was the fair thing to do.
Bucky sighed and shook his head, rubbing his palms over his face in embarrassment.
“There are about 4 markets within walking distance but if you buy too much, there is a brilliant delivery service, you recall.”
“I love you more.” said Steve enthusiastically.
his boyfriend.
The three men happily went up to Natasha’s apartment.  It was a pretty spacious loft full of people laughing and holding hors devours or alcohol.
“Hey beautiful.” came Tony’s voice.
Steve huffed a laugh, “Mail and Distribution.”
Steve interjected, "Tony was born and raised in Manhattan."
Scott shrugged, “I mean if you don’t want to, could you put in a good word for me?”
“Oh, they love me since I’m not only there for a paycheck.  I don’t think they’d ever had a teacher get to know them like this before.” Steve said happily.
“I don’t know...I’m just a little unsure of the future at the moment.” pouted Steve.
“Yeah, well Brooklyn is too far to walk.  You already ran what, 7 miles today?”
“My sister called earlier and told me dad had a stroke.  He’s alright and can talk and move around but his throat cancer is getting worse.  Also, my nephew is due soon and all this stress from my dad is giving her braxton hicks.  She’s on bed rest.  On top of all this, I want to talk to my best friend about these things but I can’t!”
“‘Course.  I had a long day with the kids, I think I’ll get in the shower.” Steve told him.  Tony pouted and gave him a nod, “Sounds nice.  I will join you in a minute, I’m almost done.  Turn on all the heads, okay?”
“Go ahead.” Steve smiled under him.
He huffed, “Maybe, but I don’t know if that is necessary.”
Steve just looks away and continues to sob silently.
“If I move here, would you hang out with me from time to time?”
.  Needed that big cock.”  He whimpered the last sentence, hearing Tony growl in response.  The older man was a sucker for hearing his boyfriend make those sounds.
Bucky stretched his arms over his head and nodded, “Definitely.  I’m actually hungry again.  I work out 6 days a week so I eat a lot...”
“Fuck.” muttered Tony, getting up and walking over to their large windows to look down at the view.
“There is not ‘but’,” said Bucky, “it’s over.  It’s done.  Right now.”
“No!” Bucky said, rolling his eyes.
Tony was a gentle lover, and always would be.  Steve wanted that, just not all the time.
He'd indulge Steve for now.
After a few hours, Steve started to get hungry, so he cooked some turkey burgers.
Looking him over, Steve scooted closer and opened his arms, “Bring it here.”
That evening, Steve came home to Bucky, feeling excited about their party that night.
“You won’t even help me out a little?” whined Scott softly.
When it ended, the two men looked gratified by it.
Tony sent him a text announcing that he would be by to pick him up in about an hour.
Steve shrugged, “We are still trying to unpack in our new place.  We really like it there so far.”
“You’re stronger than that.  You’ve fought for this country.  They can’t just get rid of you.” Bucky assured him.
“That’s nice of you, honey.  You’re so sweet.”
Steve shuffled then opened his eyes at him, “Morning.”
“Which one was it?” asked Steve softly.
The 2 days that followed, Steve and Bucky did everything together.  They worked out with Sam, showered together, watched movies, packed boxes, and cooked meals.  Steve even went to the bar with Bucky while he worked one night.
“I came here to talk things out with you.” Steve insisted.
In a flash, Steve gripped the rail over the stairs and pulled himself up to put his feet through the gap underneath.  He slid across the floor to scoop up the gun and point it at the man struggling to pry the knife out his arm.  Steve yelled, “Stop right there!”  He stood up and watched Frank finally yank the knife free, bleeding all over the wooden floors.
“That’s right!  Frank, the IT guy.” said Tony, gesturing with his hand holding the package.  “Is there someone I can help you find?”
As Bucky climbed off the couch and scurried into the bathroom down the hall, the post-nut clarity hit Steve pretty hard.
Tony sighed and attempted a smile, “I like to believe that he loves me too.  You can love a couple people at once.  I mean, have you been to Brooklyn lately?  Most of the gen Z’s are in open relationships.”
Tony squinted at the light of the sun streaming through his windows, the blanket still pulled up to his chin.
It killed Bucky leaving his friend suffering like that on his own.
"I…" whimpered Bucky, looked down at Steve's swollen red bottom lip, "I just wanted to talk."
Bucky did so and examined the intricate wood and marble paneling on the walls of the suite, “This place is nicer than my bank.”
Sam was already there, leaning against the trunk of his car when they arrived.  He looked over Bucky with concern when they got out of his own vehicle.  It was only because of the brunette man’s very dark and obviously fresh black eye.
He got acquainted with his new coworkers, his black eye completely healed, and he didn’t have to pay Tony back for his shiny new work clothes.
Tony carefully started to remove his sling, “How do you want to do that?”
Bucky moved his air mattress in the room right before he left.  That was going to be his new room once Steve left.  It had a nice floor to ceiling window in the middle of the wall, so he liked the view.
One night that changed when he arrived at home much later and much more drunk than usual.  Natasha had to actually go with him to usher him inside and up the elevator.  They got to his front door that opened to the few steps up to the living room.  She propped his much larger body against the wall while fumbling with Steve’s keys.
Looking a little offended, then happy, Tony told him  “It’s absolutely fine, honeybun.  You can have your very own office to do with what you please.  You’re in the military, it makes sense that you are interested in these things.  The men in your family were all soldiers and that’s pretty cute that you want to know everything about them.”
After they ate and binge watched almost 4 hours of the show, they got ready to sleep in the gigantic bed Tony bought for them.
Freezing up, Tony clutched the small package to his chest.  His eyes scanned the street.  The traffic was too far down the street and there really was no one around.
Finally Steve’s eyes met his and he kept his face soft, “I don’t think that.  I want to help you.  I can get you a job, and I’m sure Tony can help get you a place to stay.  Whatever you need.”
Steve held his friend’s eye, really trying to come up with something encouraging to say.  Any nice words about Wanda or expressing his support would have been appropriate.
“Probably be back time for work next Friday.”
Swaying a little, Steve sat Wanda down as she replied, “You’re totally hot.  You look like a long haired bad boy.  That’s totally Natasha’s type.  Are you in the Army too?”  There was a slur in her speech.
Steve nodded and rested his head on his hand as he watched him start to prepare rice in a separate pot.
Wanda smiled as they both stood up.
Almost 2 weeks went by of Steve being on his best behavior for Tony.
“Yeah, I’ve been watching a lot of Queer Eye, what can I say?” laughed Bucky.  The two men sat on the couch at opposite ends.  Bucky put on some soft rock music on his new sound system.  “So what’s been going on with you guys?”
To his surprise, Tony sat next to him on the bed holding lubricant and a red smooth vibrator.
With a single laugh, Bucky said, “Um...I don’t really know.  Maybe once I settle in I can figure that out.”
The morning Tony was coming home, he sent a text to Steve requesting he wait for him at his place.
“I’m close.” Steve gasped, cupping his cheek and stroking his hair gently.  “Tony, I’m...don’t stop oh fuck!”  Tony swallowed around him, knowing he adored it.  Steve’s knees almost buckled as he released into his mouth with a groan, his lover coaxing him through it and swallowing him down.  Promptly, Tony was guided up to his feet and kissed deeply, neither of them minding the taste.
“I told you before that I was going to bed.  You just need to realize that things will never be the same between me and you.  Even if time goes by and we heal, it’s still just not going to be like it was.  So just leave me alone.”
“You’re cuter, baby.” the older man declared.
“Panic disorder, technically.”
That night when he showed up to work, Bucky's hair was up in a bun and he was wearing his usual vest but with a t-shirt.  He was a little disheveled.
“So, check it out,” Bucky said excitedly, nodded over toward his coworker behind him, “Scott is selling his xbox one and I told him I wanted it, he’s practically giving it to me, it’s so cheap.”
It simply said, “Can we hang out soon?”
“Steve…” Tony said warningly, slowing his pace.  “Let go, honey.” Steve begged, putting both hands on the bench to support himself.  There was some resistance on Tony’s part, his hands pushing against the man’s ass.  “Whoah, babe.  Slow down.”  He was definitely weaker than Steve and couldn’t do anything to stop him.  “Baby, seriously.” moaned Tony, digging his nails into the muscular hips that were gyrating back onto him.  Steve’s moans mixed with his boyfriend’s, “Doesn’t it feel good?  Don’t you love my tight ass?”
Bucky only stopped snoring and stirred, he didn’t quite open his eyes.
“Absolutely.” Tony said enthusiastically.  “That man’s been doing just about everything but wiping my ass and I’m sure he would if I asked.”  A little laugh escaped him at that last statement.
-------------
“I could probably work at another bar.” shrugged Bucky.
Natasha looked him over and admired the way his button down shirt was tight around his muscles, “Nice to meet you.”
Bucky suggested they go sit in the living room if they weren’t going to keep eating.
Bucky had just become an amputee and had a rocky road ahead of him. There was a rough one in front of Steve too, but them belonging together was one thing he thought he knew for sure.
“Do you need me to go get you anything?” Steve offered, “I don’t need to teach a class tonight until 6.”
“I can.  I won’t tell him I know anything.”
“Marco, most likely.”
What just happened?
Clearing his throat, Steve knew his voice was going to come out shaky anyway.  He simply said, “Yes, I will.”  There were a few more excited noises around them.  “You will?” asked Tony breathlessly.  “I will.” Steve repeated with a smile.  Tony stood and slid the ring over his finger.  They kissed while everyone in the room erupted into applause.
“My specialty!  You got it.  Good luck job hunting.  I’ll let you go.  Love you, babe!” said Tony.
He noticed the laundry door open and the dryer going. Bucky's empty duffel lay on top of the machines.
They realized he had plugged his phone into the bedroom charger.
“Hey babe.” came Tony’s voice, “I had a little bit of time and wanted to hear your voice.  How’s your day?”
”  It puts his mind at ease.
“It was.  We cooked together.”
“I just...ate a big meal then fell asleep.” Bucky said weakly, adjusting his t-shirt, “That causes nightmares sometimes.”
As soon as he saw that, he made a reminder to go to the next nearest meeting.
“It’s okay, baby.  Do you want to talk about it?  Would that help?”
Natasha snickered, “Steve, you encouraged him to hang out with Wanda and I.  Didn’t you think this might happen?”
“Did,or, do you love him?” asked Steve.
Bucky sighed, “He’s not doing great, just getting worse.  We’ll leave it at that.”
“He didn’t say?” scoffed Rhodes.
“Hey.” nodded Steve, looking at him cautiously.  He couldn’t tell if it was appropriate to go in for a hug.  “Uh, come in.”
“I’m sorry about your mom.  She was always such a sweet lady.” he said softly.
“Like I said,” whimpered Steve, “he doesn’t talk to me anymore.  Bucky feels terrible and he wants to apologize to you but he is also scared.  It was my idea.  He’s my best friend and really was trying to just be supportive at first.  I pushed it too far.”
“About?” Natasha asked.  Bucky just looked away, obviously trying to come up with an easy lie to tell.  “You can talk to me about stuff, ya know?” she assured him, “I’m a great listener and I’m always here.”
“Oh yeah, because he is leaving for that thing, right?”
Tony still seemed upset like he could be doing more.  “I’m still going to get lawyers.  I will not let you be wrongfully victimized.”
As soon as the first episode started, they heard the sound of Tony’s stomach growling.
Steve was squeezing him in just the right place to feel him shiver with every upstroke.  “I’m gonna miss this gorgeous body.”
“Are you feeling any better, uh...emotionally?” asked Bucky as they started to eat.
Suddenly Tony sprung off the bed and went over to his bedside table to rummage through the drawers.
Bucky told himself that he just had to let Steve do what he needed and get him home safe.
About 12 came in at once so he had to turn the notifications off while they went through the list of bars and restaurants.  Bucky stood and announced he’d get his shoes.
“Of course.” scoffed Steve, getting a light kick from his boyfriend under the table.  “He just reeks of it, doesn’t he?”
It may have been selfish, but Tony wanted to hurry and start the next chapter with his boyfriend.  Moving in with someone had never been desirable to him before Steve.
"Aww," pouted Tony playfully, "is somebody worried his best friend is gonna be stolen by his other best friend?"
Steve smirked at him and thanked Pepper again.  She told them they should eat something and left.
They took the uber home and after talking the rest of the night in their separate beds, they drifted off to sleep.
Shaking his head happily at his friend he just replied, “Coming right up, big guy.”
“Natasha called,” read the message, “I’m sorry to hear what happened.  You guys are all over the news at the bar tonight.  A person should never have to go through what you two did.  I would have been so upset if either of you didn’t make it and I am feeling so regretful in how I have let things go.  Maybe I could come talk to both of you and settle things.  Let me know when you are free.”
“We can’t be together, Marco...especially not now.” he managed to say evenly.
“That’s easily done!  I was saying I would try harder to do that last night.” smiled Steve, “I fucking miss you at night too.”
“The paramedics will come with the police in a few minutes.” muttered Tony weakly, “I should be fine.  I just...feel so stupid.  I am the head of a tech company that is focused on web security and I can’t even SECURE my own home.”
Who knew if it would end that way if something did start up between Bucky and Natasha?  It just didn't seem like a good idea to encourage them.  (Even if Bucky was already masturbating to her.  So them hooking up seemed inevitable.)
“What’s his track record like?” Natasha asked, nodding over at Bucky.
Wanda visited and brought home made food.  She said it was something everyone in her family did when someone was going through something.  It was about 18 servings of a white wine mushroom lasagna.  They had to eat it for days.
That made Steve go pale and stiff.
“That’d be awesome.  Wanda will be excited.”
The whole group erupted into laughter just at the sheer timing of everyone’s statements.  Tony came up behind the back of Steve’s chair and leaned down to kiss his cheek.  “The state bird of New York is the Eastern bluebird.” He offered.  Everyone gave him their attention, the humor seemed to die off.  “However,” added Tony, “I always say it’s the German cockroach.”
The sound of 35 overlapping voices became louder as Steve stepped into his dining room.  Some guests were sitting at the dining table and eating while others stood around in the corners of the room to chat.  He made his way into the living room where all his favorite people were.  Bucky sat in the middle of their giant sectional couch with Wanda next to him as he spoke with Sam and Natasha.  Happy, May, Pepper, and Rhodey were also involved in their conversation.
Bucky stared at the floor.
Tony had a heart condition due to a nasty cocaine habit in his college days.  Now he was in his late 30s, he was visiting the doctor and his home gym more frequently.  Typically he stuck to a strict diet.
Was this going to happen now?
"Honey…" Steve whispered with a smirk, "It can at least wait until the new year right?  Pepper has basically been doing your job and her job the past couple weeks."
Bucky stared, really stared into his eyes.  “We honestly didn’t plan this.”
That was the other thing, Steve had to watch the way he asked about Bucky's situation so he didn't seem judgmental.
He sat up in his bed, trying to even his breathing and relax.  When he finally did, he reluctantly sent Natasha a text asking if she was awake.
“I will.  You don’t want to go with me, by any chance?”
They arrived at the bar and Bucky stood against it to wait for a server.
He'd brought home photos of the two friends from their younger days, given to him by Becca.
Marco giggled back, leaning his head down to suck on Bucky’s earlobe.  With a shiver, Bucky managed to move around enough to shut and lock the door.
He stared at Steve while sitting still and eventually put the phone on speaker, making Steve throw his hands up in the air in frustration.
“Sure, maybe.  I mean, the nightmares really haven’t been happening for a while.” murmured Bucky, wiping his face.
Steve tried again, shaking his shoulder a little.
The phrase being repeated to him yet again that afternoon had Bucky feeling dazed.  He still couldn’t believe it was coming out of the other man’s mouth so effortlessly.
She got them to fully open up to each other and gave them the emotional tools they needed for the future.
“I was just calling to see what you two were doing since I should meet you, Bucky.  Also I miss my boyfriend.” came Tony’s voice, “Could I stop by?”
“Are you sure?” he sniffed into Steve’s chest.
Steve hung his head sadly, “I’m sorry I was only trying to-”
She noticed, starting to read him a little better.  That was her job, after all, to notice things.  “Last time we hung out, he said you and him haven’t seen each other since you moved out.  Are you partly sad because you had to leave Bucky all alone?”
This aint over.
“I love you, babyface.” he smiled.
Scott nudged him, “Don’t listen to her.  I would definitely tap that Nat girl.  She is SO into you.”
“Finally stopped talking to what’s his name?” asked Steve, kissing his boyfriend’s cheek.
For a minute Steve debated bringing up the past. He remembered things about Bucky's home life when they were in school together that seemed relevant, but also could possibly upset him.
Steve examined his face as he shuffled.  The hair covering half his face was an attempt to disguise a black eye behind it.  Keeping his voice casual and friendly, Steve asked, “Well, it’s a little early and I need to get to work in a bit.  You can always just call if you want to catch up, ya know.”
“You’re being impatient, honey.” sighed Steve, putting his hands on his hips.
As Bucky waited, he couldn’t help but feel a little aroused.  Even though there was no promise of what would happen, Marco
“Weird?  How?  Wait, I don't want to know. ”
“You know what?  You’re right.” said Bucky, pulling out his phone and doing just that.  However, when he deleted the messages, he accidentally dialed his number.
That got Tony’s attention.  Instantly he looked down at the man, “By yourself?  Just you two?”  His face wasn’t exactly angry or hurt.  It was just incredulous.
They hugged until Steve’s breathing went back to normal.
“Yeah?  How is everyone?”
Tony thought to himself for a second then sighed, “Fine.  Sleep on the sofa.”  He stormed out of the bathroom and went to bed.
“Hey. I made burgers.  I thought you would want some.”
“Oh no.  Is everything alright?  How is he hurt?”
“Don’t obsess over it, sweetheart.” she said.
He messed with his hair in a small mirror near the door, “What time does girl’s night start?”
Steve nodded against his grasp and managed to squeak out a "Please."  Tony decided to taunt him by letting go of his throat and spreading his cheeks.  He started rubbing the tip of his dick over Steve’s hole. Even with water lightly spraying them, Steve could still feel the precum being spread on his rim.
“How can you guys possibly want to be my friend anymore?” asked Bucky, pulling back slightly.  Steve smiled at his blotchy face and swollen eyes, “That’s what love is.  The certain type of love can always change.  There is nothing wrong with it.”
“I think he has a crush on me.” laughed Steve.
“Le Bernardin?” Steve said, unsure of how to say it, “It’s one of those French places Tony likes where I can’t read the menu.”
“Steve-”
He had to make things right with him.
Bucky felt a tear fall down his own cheek.
The soft blue eyes staring back at him had belonged to him all this time.
“Seems like an awful lot of food.” said Natasha when he hung up.
After Steve came into his lovers wanting mouth, Tony fucked him into oblivion.  He was slow and teasing and passionate, making sure the blonde, younger man knew how much he cared about his pleasure.
“Just be cool.” said Frank, “And do what I say.”
Steve nodded and continued staring down at the lights below.
“Tony?” he tried again, even sweeter.
Tony arrived about half an hour later, Happy Hogan emerged out of the elevator first, holding Stark’s bags.
“You alright?” Steve whispered to Bucky as Tony started a conversation with Steve’s coworker.
Bucky shrugged and sipped his coffee,  “I brought it on myself, I suppose.  I’m still standing, though.”
Here was Bucky, just taking what he wanted here and now.
“No, not at all.  Just been working and staying here to keep meeting up with Sam and our groups, you know.”
It was the usual time Steve had his lunch break. He stepped out onto his balcony and called his boyfriend.
“I was thinking, ya know,” Steve said, “I should try to go for a job where I could maybe use my artistic skills.”
Steve slowly obliged and hugged him earnestly.  “Be careful.”
Steve watched him go into the kitchen and hugged himself.
"I will make coffee then. That sounds nice actually." She said, going over to the pot on the counter.
Until Tony felt better, Steve was taking a leave of absence from his own job.  CNN of course had gotten the story about them and began to expose more and more details about Frank, who was currently sitting in jail.
When they were stripped completely, there were no words exchanged.  Bucky pushed Marco to his back on the bed and dropped on top of him to keep roughly making out and thrusting their bodies together.
"I don't want to argue." He whimpered, "That's not fair.  You said you wanted me to stay tonight.  I gave Bucky my house key."
Steve shrugged, "I guess Ozzy."
“You got it.” she said, “I’ll let you go.  Love you guys.”
The bar itself was wrapped around them on 3 sides in a U shape.  The rest of the place was pretty open with a few small tables here and there.
He had to sit on the bench nearby to collect his thoughts.  How had he not seen the way Wanda and Bucky interacted?  Why didn’t she mention it to him?  Why didn’t Bucky mention it to him?
When he emerged from his room, his stomach started to growl.  “You still like Bel-Aire Diner?”
“They’re gonna call me by 7 whether I got the job or not.” said Marco into his ear, “I need a distraction for the next 2 hours.”  He emphasized his point by letting his hands wander to Bucky’s ass and squeezing.
"Yeah I know. I could barely get a lunch date squeezed in tomorrow before you guys leave." Steve chuckled, "He still worked out today, huh?"
“I don’t think anyone cares much about what I'm doing.  The family kind of...disowned me after that night.”
How long would it take him to get back on his own?
“Oh, kind of weird but...good overall.” he shrugged.
“Going to the group meeting tonight?” Sam asked, referring to their therapy.
Steve stared at him, “Is everything alright?”
The blonde man closed his eyes and hummed softly.
“Feels good.” moaned Steve.
Bucky headed out.
Bucky groaned a little as he got up and shuffled to the bar in the dining room.
After dinner, Tony announced that he needed to take off and make it to an early breakfast meeting the next morning.
“Yeah, I think so.  Tonight was kind of refreshing too, having you guys around.”
“I always do.” said Steve pointedly at her.
“I’m guessing since you said you were thinking about moving, you aren’t with that girl from Buffalo anymore?” asked Steve, sipping at his coffee.
An audible groan rumbled in Steve’s chest.  “Stop.” he wrote.
“Hey Buck.” smiled Steve as he walked into their shared bedroom, taking off his jacket.
“As a precaution,” she announced, “I have hired a security team to wait downstairs and at the elevator of this floor.”
They stared at each other for a minute.  Steve’s eyes sparkling with love while Tony remained scowling.  “Is there something wrong?”
Tony was shirtless in his own boxer briefs.  Looking down, he wiped stray droplets of water off his chest, “I mean, if we don’t give him a timeframe this thing is never going to happen.”
“No.” he replied in an adorably small voice.
“Baby, what did I say earlier?  I don’t want you to worry about anything.”
“What do you do at the base now?”
"Ya know," Bucky said thoughtfully, "I seem to run to you every time I go through something in my life."
“M’kay.” Steve nodded and went straight to their state-of-the-art rainfall shower with tons of wall jets and cut on the hot water.  As he sat down his leftover coffee and started to remove his clothes, his thoughts turned back to Bucky.  He tried to block it out, the doubts, the concern if Wanda was right for his friend.  He loved Wanda, it wasn’t like she was a bad person.
“Oh, Buck...hey, um...” sniffed Steve, wiping his eyes and taking a sip of the whisky.
Steve’s pulse sped up and he bit his lip.  His heart flooded with warmth.  “I’m so lucky to have you, Tony.  You’ve shown me things I would have never seen on my own.  I’ve never had a love like this.”
Steve spit out his mouth wash, “I mean, I had to get an extension for Bucky.  So it will be up again in about 4 weeks.”
“Take your meds tonight, okay?” she said.
Slowly, Tony turned to look up suggestively at him.
With one last glance at his sleeping roommate, he went to bed.
They stared at each other silently for a minute before Bucky just said “Alright then.”  Tony shifted carefully to stand up from the couch.  He stepped over to him and extended his hand to shake.
She’s gorgeous, tough, and defiant, like him.
“I want to believe I’ll be okay.” he mumbled, staring down at the floor, his hands holding onto his hips.  “I just feel like I’m being attacked for who I’m with.”
Steve sighed, “No, love.  We just haven’t caught up in a while and you can pick me up when you and Rhodey are done.  Everything’s fine.”
A week went by of Steve and Bucky starting to text more, making tentative plans to start hanging out again.  Bucky started to keep Tony up to date on when his payments would arrive as well.  It led to them having a few casual conversations as well.  It turned out that both Tony and Bucky were interested in cars.  Bucky’s father used to work on classic cars in Indiana.
When she walked off, the three men went to the kitchen to grab beverages.  Bucky got a soda, Steve got a light beer, and Tony poured himself a cheap scotch neat.
They dropped them off in the living room and went walking to yet another restaurant
“We usually save the wild ones for Christmas and Halloween.” smirked Steve, “Our friends are pretty relaxed though.  They’d love to meet you.”
With a gentle scoff, Steve asked “Aren’t you tired from last night?”
He realized that Tony had massive morning wood and was trying to do something about it.
It was pretty crowded and noisy that night but it was mainly small groups staying at their tables with friends, only getting up to get more drinks.
“Alright.” nodded Steve, stroking his hair with his right hand.  “I will acknowledge you are offering to do that and I am not asking.”
Bucky nodded and turned on some music on tv for background noise.
“Steve,” Bucky snickered, “I just got interviews at 3 different bars.”
While they agreed to come over, Rhodey was still on the fence about trusting Steve but was still respectful to him.  Ultimately he had to tell himself that if the man saved Tony’s life, his best friend, then he couldn’t be all bad.
With a chuckle, Steve suggested “Let’s get in that big ass bed…”
Tony sipped his coffee and nodded in agreement.
“Yeah!  I’m sorry,” Tony said, extending his hand to shake it, “I forgot your name.”
“He has a black eye but he’ll be fine.  He just got out of a bad relationship with a crazy woman.  I’m just trying to help him back on his feet.” Steve spoke softly as he paced up and down his balcony.
He started to worry that Bucky had really fucked everything up this time for good.
By the time 2 weeks had passed, Bucky was starting to feel happy again.
“I am right.” said Bucky sternly.  He looked down at Steve, “Hey.”
When Natasha came back to her seat at the bar she started to flirt with the guy in the green coat.  She was not being subtle.  He bought her two more rounds then she was officially wasted.
With an eye roll, Steve said “Absolutely.”
“I…” Bucky pulled his hand back, “Can I hug you?”
The brunette man quickly took off his shoes and coat, “I did alright.  I just couldn’t stop thinking about you.”
“For what?  Why do you need to do that?” asked Bucky, annoyed, shoving both hands into the front pocket of his hoodie.  “To comfort me?  We fucked up because we were BOTH being selfish.  Neither of us deserve to be supported or coddled.”
Bucky kissed his lower back and down around his cheeks, humming with each one.
“Are you serious?” the guy scoffed.
Steve was sitting at the dining table with his laptop open in front of him.  He was crying and a half empty glass of scotch sat next to his hand.
“Hmm, right then,” and then in a flash of movement, Pierce swung his cane out and smacked it brutally against Steve’s left leg.
mean?”
Thor blinked, “I have not done anything towards your Steven. I only got to see him again after a few years apart just recently.”
“Of course you don’t. You’re an idiot.”
“Right, right.” He rubbed his face again and felt exhausted as the panic started to ebb away. He could still feel it there, gnawing at his spine, but its strength was greatly reduced from his friend’s words. “That was a bit stupid of me.”
“Your home is haunted, you know.”
More mysteries.
Tony poked at his nose,  “How about a shower and some breakfast? Or,” he looked over at the clock and saw it was near one in the afternoon. “Lunch?  I am sure you’re starving.”
“I had a feeling on that. She was stunning.” Steve noted as he held up one of the pictures.
“Well, like people seeing a figure in the window—the big one upstairs. Or when a name is misused odd happenings take place. Supposedly, the original family disappeared under very mysterious, and some claim supernatural, circumstances. There is also a history of insanity taking over residents.”
Pepper checked the tablet, “Quite a few though they’re healing decently with our tech assisting him.”
“I was in the army.”
“Then I’ll leave you two to the rest of the session.” Tony brought out his cellphone and scowled. “I apparently have some more business I need to tend to.”
. No more us being…us. Ahem,” he cleared his throat and ignored how his friends grinned. They were trying to mess him up and it was so hard to not grin back and start giggling. He could not do that now. There was far too much to do before relaxation. His mind provided a tornado of needs and plots that had a timeline of less than a month. The last few nations to threaten, the bribes of research, the act of kindness with vaccines, the rumors of a mole, and so much more. It made his head pound and all he wanted was the strongest whiskey in his cabinet. It was difficult to resist the temptation of starting the festivities early but he wanted to enjoy partying without any distractions. Sadly, that meant work.
“Wha…?”
Steve’s lips twitched, “I don’t think you have any shame to show.”
Steve’s face melted into a grateful smile. “I’ll owe you a favor then.”
With barely a huff, she scooped the near unconscious Steve up, holding him protectively as she nodded to Natasha to lead the way.
“I said,” Tony leaned over, his voice a terrifying growl, “at my pace.”
“Sucks for you then.” Tony closed his eyes to meditate for a few seconds and lounged against the desk. The uncontrollable tornado was stirring once again.
Steve was worth all the hard work, there would never be an argument to that, but the necessities did not do well for Tony’s cold temper. His Steve needed all of this medical-attention because some fucking bastards hurt him. Because Steve thought he had no choice but to become a martyr and kill himself to save people who were probably not very grateful.
"I wouldn't want your money even if you had it. That's not why I do it and you know it. Besides, baby, you're a hero who is the reason myself and many others are alive today. So think of it as me paying
That grin did not falter, “Fair.”
No one could ever replace Tony. No one could ever give him this like Tony could.
“That’s impossible. I’ve hacked into all the government’s databases and didn’t find anything that would possibly allude to Hyrda still kicking.”
“Again.”
“Yeah, this,” to be a brat Tony dipped the Oreo in the mug and pulled it out and bit it, “is what makes you queasy.”
Steve threw him a false annoyed look, his lips twitching as he rolled up his blue sleeves and approached the dormant Mjolnir. Everyone quieted down when the hammer briefly moved before Steve stepped back, holding up his hands in surrender. Thor laughed and Steve and Tony clinked their beers in a mock toast over their failure.
Tony tried not to drool. “God, that’s hot.”
Steve waved that statement off. He didn’t care about being a hero. “Peggy? Howard? Where is everyone? Are they ok?”
“You have far too much hurt on you, babe.” Tony noted, his voice surprisingly serious for how he was behaving just moments before. “Let’s get something a bit more fun and gorgeous…like me.”
At least, that was the hope. Steve desperately needed that kindness if all of what surrounded him was true.
“Yeah. Ok, sounds good.” Steve still continued to tenderly touch over the circular item with open tenderness.
“Shall you be my steed, Widow?” Thor grinned.
“Only that there are few things to be aware of before you meet the gang. One, everything is possible. Everything. I know you’ve seen things that may defy explanation but you have not seen the tip of the iceberg.” She paused and gave him a look. “Was that insensitive?”
“It was probably my best bet given your talent.”
At least he felt like it was his own curiosity. It was almost like he could see dark tendrils out of his peripheral vision, flickering and sweet, shadowed words whispering urges against his skin.
Tony let out a whoosh a breath and did his best to will the thoughts of the beautiful man out of his system. Now that he was young again, it felt like he could get hard because of a breeze (a sexy breeze, he thought with a snort) so any thought of his captain would not be good for him in this situation. And he was not taking care of things like masturbation when big, purple, and ugly was around.
Clint shrugged.
. Be honest, does his ass sparkle like the dawn’s morning light?”
Thor just continued to sulk, “I would take good care of him, if you share. I shall provide him plenty of pleasurable orgasms!”
Something in Tony’s face fell and grew hard. “With Howard?”
"A transfer. Some of blood, yes, but mostly of power. A human cannot hold a stone raw. Even without use, the gauntlet will take its toll on you. I am ensuring that there is more for you to use when you take the throne."
Quickly he looked away, unable to keep his vision straight at the sight of those eyes and the dark promises they were giving. “I still think you’re jumping to conclusions.”
“I think I’d like to see that.”
Tony bounced on the balls of his feet. His stomach was in knots and he was nauseated. He was frantically counting the time without meaning to and had checked his watch more times than necessary. It had been approximately 251 seconds since they landed on the off-site medical bay of what formerly belonged to the old-S.H.I.E.L.D. Instantly, after touch-down, they were ushered into an elevator and were presently dropping down seven floors to the private ward where his prize awaited him.
“Just the wind,” he concluded again as he made his way out to prepare the home for the family’s awakening. “Just the wind.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony huffed, “Yes. Dammit. You really made we waste that one.”
“Uh-huh, walk it off mister. I want you in a slightly clearer head for this. I’ll meet you upstairs.” The woman smiled and turned him to the stairs before she sauntered off to the elevator. She was tempting him being all sexy and mysterious.
She made him suffer for those thoughts.
“You kiss them and call them your guns and you’re joining the guest list.”
“And how about we don’t use good food for a wasteful challenge? What happened to the chubby-bunny thing with Peeps? Peeps are gross. You can waste as many of those as you want.” Tony noted. “I don’t think my Steve has tried enough junk food yet.”
“Mhm, yes,” He tilted his neck as Tony went back to it, providing easier access for the mouthy individual.
“Is that when…” He cleared his throat. “Sorry, we wanted to stop talking about that.”
“I’m not pissed off about you lying anymore. I got over that quickly enough. I’ve lied to you numerous times. I’m still pissed off that you thought you had to…that you still don’t understand why that pisses me off.” Tony growled.
Steve blinked. “Make it up to me? Why would you need to do that?”
“Well, it looks livable at least.” Steve tried as he walked around the group to avoid any walloping. “I can get started on some minor projects. And come spring, I can start shaving and painting. Perhaps by summer it can almost look worthy of the Pierce name.” He found it always beneficial to sprinkle in a kind word here or there when Pierce was in a foul mood. Steve rarely used it, he was not one to lie, but he also enjoyed avoiding a beating.
Tony grinned. He loved that his Steve was a brat. “Don’t rub it in. Journalist and the paparazzi…all sorts of annoying pricks tend to pop out from time to time and I’d rather not have your first time out where we have to stop every fifteen minutes to avoid cameras. Give me time to pick out places and make arrangements so we don’t have much interference. Can you wait just a little longer?”
“Good,” the man purred. “So good. Sounds nice out of your lips.”
“Brilliant. That’s five thousand more dollars.”
“Never trust Clint Barton,” she warned. “He is a bad influence on life.”
“Not bad for your first time, huh?” Tony continued, his face melted into a pleased smile.
“T-Tony,” he started slowly. “Where is everyone?”
"Holy hell there is a god." Josh grumbled, eyes narrowed. "I get you are a superhuman, Rogers, but I am looking forward to not feeling so nauseated in pounding ink into you like this. Ugh."
“Steve,” Tony’s tone was sharp, though his eyes were still soft as he gazed over Steve with open adoration. “Behave. You say
“Jesus.” Steve groaned, covering his face with his free hand, still carrying the drink, as Natasha sat him back down. He then looked her over up and down. “You strength is impressive.”
Steve practically arched into him like a cat in heat.
"Of course, you are good, love." He noted as he walked, smiling when he saw the man at his side, looking at him with a shy smile.
“Oh, come on babe! You already basically have it as a metaphor…why not literally?”
“Who?”
“Wouldn’t be the first time I’ve dealt with people like that.” Still, he kept that information to the side to stew over later. Something in him itched again but he pushed it to the side. It was nothing.
"Hey," Steve greeted as he walked in, shaking off his jacket. He gave a smile to Natasha and Clint, feeling ready to shake their world. He always loved causing trouble whenever he could. Apparently Bucky, who was promptly ignored as usual, sensed stupidity in the works and sauntered over ready to stop Steve from jumping out a window. Again. "Wanna see my tattoo?"
“Steve,” Sam reached over and gently grabbed Steve’s shoulder. “If you need help, don’t fret about speaking to anyone about it. As I told you, we are a close community. We are willing to help others out.”
A terrible chill ran down his spine and he straightened up, slowly turning to look up at the large circular window. He paled when he saw a dark figure, standing and staring. He was laughing, Steve realized, as he watched the blond deal with his terror. Tony gave a playful bow, seeing himself caught, and then was gone.
Tony’s hands trailed down Steve’s tummy before they gripped his waist. “In a matter of speaking.”
Steve’s face went neon and he sputtered out in surprise.
The little toddler gave a groan before awkwardly picking herself up, whining.
Note to self: no guns for the talking rodent.
“Steve?”
“That’s what I and my unhealthy possessive side like to hear. Speaking of risk and being possessive, let’s make a video that gets accidently leaked so the world knows who you belong to.”
“It shouldn’t be.” Tony pushed some hair from Steve’s forehead. It was slick with cold sweat. “But we believe being in such close proximity to the Tesseract, along with your serum, and the quick freeze just came together in an improbable, perfect equation. And here you are.”
“No one saw Hammer for a while after that.”
“Oh, oh!” Instantly Bruce looked relieved, apparently finding it true…there was a like spirit here for him. “It’s Japanese cooking. I can’t cook but there is something very soothing about watching them.”
“Perfect!” Tony slapped his hands together. “Natasha will have the names of everyone in the group by then. Our distribution should be finished at the time as well. We’ll make a move let’s say, oh…Jarvis, what’s the schedule looking like this month?”
Doing his best to not start shaking, Steve looked the strange man over once again. “If you are a figment of my imagination driving me into madness you’re required to tell me.”
Hope everyone has been doing well in this crazy time and enjoy!
Steve grinned, “You’re a dumbass.”
Natasha looked over his wrist, tilting it around to get a good look over the image. Her nails traced over the mark, looking at it closely, slowly figuring out what she was looking at before she looked up at him, a question in her eyes.
“Boredom.”
He leaned closer, unsure if he was ready to touch just yet, and absorbed all the features of the sleeping face. It was not nearly as squared-jaw and gruff looking either. In fact, it was almost feminine. Steve Rogers could be called beautiful rather than handsome. The homophobic and masculine propaganda of the time probably did not much appreciate the look of a man with such naturally pink, full lips and lashes that looked like angel wings.
“I think I like your talent in sexual relations to much to ever want to kill you.” His hands seductively trailed over Tony’s muscular back. “You have ruined me for anyone else.”
She roughly pinched his side. “Why not go over and spend some more time with him? He is the one who looks a little jealous. God, that’s heartbreaking…like a kicked puppy. Don’t you ever do a damn thing to him, Stark. I’ll kill you myself so I don’t hear ASPCA commercials every time his bottom lip trembles. Ugh, in fact, that’s too much. Jarvis, make a million dollar donation to an animal charity, pronto.”
He was cold. He was drowning.
The young man tilted a brow, “Steven…are you alright?”
“Yeah.” Steve held on to Tony’s shoulders.
“Good luck in getting him to be as bad as you.” Clint huffed, now stacking the cookies into a Tower, looking tempted in stuffing them in his mouth. “And if you dip that in your coffee I’ll gag.”
“Just…for taking my side. I was worried you wouldn’t believe me. He was a friend of yours.”
Steve tried not to whimper and ran a hand through his blond hair. It stuck up adorably afterwards.  “Why do you do that?”
Something cold gripped Tony’s insides. “You’ll just need to kill me. It won’t happen. It won’t happen.”
Steve paused at that. He honestly hadn’t really considered Tony doing something he didn’t like in their sexual activities. He thought about it a moment, still struggling to picture the concern, but nodded slowly.
But Tony…how was he ever supposed to rest without knowing if Tony was safe?
“So,” Steve looked away a bit shyly. “I am…can I assume you want to dominate?”
“Well, you keep throwing surprises like this in the mix and it’ll be hard for me to resist.” Steve’s fingers trailed over the suit unable to believe it just appeared from nowhere.
“That was ages ago!” Clint whined.
“Hey,” Tony began a very mischievous and evil glint in his eye. “You got any other things I need to see under these pants of yours?”
“Yeah, I have problems. I’ll continue to pay a therapist to deal with that and pay you to enable me.”
Wanda shrugged.
“Quite indeed.”
His bottom lip trembled and his arms felt so empty. He just wanted to hold him, press his nose against the nape, and feel skin against skin. Even when they were at their worst against each other, just being in the same space and he never felt alone. Steve was the only one who ever sparked something akin to life in him; he was ready and impatient and eager.
. Even if it’s not biologically possible, god, I want to try.”
“He promised that good would find me.” He whispered, his chest aching and burning. When he breathed he cold feel the metal digging inside of him, something rubbing against his bones, and little pulses of electricity that kept his heart alive.
“Whore!” Clint was promptly smacked again. “Ow…”
“Amazing.” Sam said in all honesty. “The man is amazing. I think next week we can already move on to advance exercises. Probably could already but I agree that two sessions in is too soon. I can tell he's not quite up to normal form. His body is probably still feeling some tenderness from his injuries.” He kept his eyes forward as well. Sam respected the man next to him but he also greatly feared him. “He shows absolutely no sign of physical injuries and his stamina is unbelievable. We’ve been at it today for an hour already and, well, as you can see no sweat.”
“I…wha…but-but,” ok, he really did not expect this when he came down to include Tony in his new tattoo adventure. “You’re mad at me.”
“I was unaware it was in need of a cleanup.” Steve noted as he opened the door for the group to trail out. “Won’t it be difficult to make the proper fixings with us living in it?”
“So Peggy told me.” Tony titled a brow. “I hear it was mostly just cutsey-stuff. Like things you’d expect from a fourteen-year old these days. Or, you were led off to a dark corner to be ravished." He snorted, not impressed. "Not exactly adult-stuff.”
got yourself that. No.” She shrugged as if it were not a big deal. “I’m sorry I didn’t get you a car. I figured with your suit and whole collection of toys you didn’t need another one.”
Steve’s expression looked so breakable for a split second and he took a sharp intake of breath before he nodded with a tiny smile, “How did they meet?”
“I had a feeling you would drag your feet to show me anything new, why I can’t figure, but you wouldn’t hide anything unless you would think I’d disprove. Given my veteran status on what is apparently called one of the worst, inhumane wars in history…I thought it safe you would not want me anywhere near something like that.”
Steve nodded.
“Go wash your hands. I made stuff you do like, you know.” Steve said as he took the girl from his husband’s hands, gave her a kiss on the head, and placed her down to the ground.
Because things were bad and Steve Rogers was nowhere to be found.
"You don't know." Tony's voice was low as he approached even closer, his heat pushing into Steve's space. "Because you squash it down to protect everyone. Let me tell you this, the people out there," he pointed to a wall, “governments, the civilians, the fanboys, whatever...that might be good enough for them but it's not for us. It's not for me. People who care about you don't want Captain America. And I'm not accepting Captain America anymore. Give me Steve Rogers, now, or get the fuck out."
Steve frowned and looked thoughtful, crossing his arms over his chest, “How about…it will be fine. You,” he looked at the camera, right at Tony, “will be fine. Someone, somewhere, out there is doing something good. Even when things are dark and bad and you feel lonely, there is good out there and it will find you.” He gave a sheepish grin, “And, hey, if not, then I will. If you need someone to help you find that good, this stupid punk from Brooklyn will drag that happiness to you.”
“I cannot say much, I was not there, but this man of yours does not appear to be doing his actions with a willing heart.”
“We just need to get this place cleaned up a bit and sold. Zemo is heading to Harvard in just shy of a year and despite our…situation,” Brock’s eyes darkened into a fearsome glower towards Steve, “father and myself still have connections that will bring us back into the spin of things soon enough. We’re here three years at the most, I predict. An unfortunate occurrence but one we can make due with.”
“Oh god.” He moaned and nuzzled himself up closer to his prize. His perfect Captain. He couldn’t wait to brag about this to Thor, the god who had more sex-stories than Tony (fair considering Thor was a few thousand years old) and see the big guy’s jealousy flair up at the sight of the beauty of Tony’s lover.
“Well…no. Not always. They mainly use my other name.”
All of a sudden Tony snarled and ripped at Steve’s shirt. He shredded it and threw it off the bed, yanking at Steve’s jogging pants next.
He swallowed thickly and found his feet felt frozen in muck and soft wood around the station and he had a desperate twitch to throw himself back on the train and just see where it took him.
“But we’re also a bit superstitious. That house…it’s not a good place.”
“I need more than the word
“Holy SHIT!” Tony rasped out, not expecting that.
And Steve did it again and again and again for what was probably a few minutes until he felt his shoulders start to ease a bit in tension.
“Doctors’ preferences.” Pepper said. “Just as a precaution. He’s--” The elevator finally stopped, chimed, and opened up. Tony bolted out and down the hallway, practically tripping over his five-hundred-dollar shoes. “He’s in room 804!” She called out with a shake of her head.
He caught the blade, twirling it absentmindedly in his hands, "Good enough."
“Sam, I’m
Steve had hoped he could find the other way to the door but still…nothing.
“You sweet talker. Don’t go playing with my heart if you’re gonna be Tony’s pet.”
“Other than the obvious?”
“I want you. Only you.” He comforted.
Steve had made a mistake.
He pulled on his boots, strapping them tight to his calves for best support and leg attacks. He missed his own from the Iron Man suit, missed the ability to fly freely, but that would come later. His suit was slowly making progress into something magnificent. Even better than before. He was almost there...there was just something missing in that final understanding. How to take him from Tony Stark into something superior.
Steve looked at him and felt himself once again far too full of Tony. Was it really so wrong? And Tony appeared to really want it and, God, it felt so wrong to deny him something. After everything Tony had done for Steve all he was asking back was a little bit of trust and an attempt at something romantic. How could he consider saying no to that?
“Fuck.” Tony snarled and Steve’s hands and shoving them back at the side of his head. “I’m not done.”
“Perhaps just a little bit of superstitious. It is an imposing sight.” Steve couldn’t help but give a gentle pat to a doorframe they walked past. “And anytime there is something unknown people tend to jump into interesting conclusions.”
“He was a superb fighter.” Thor noted. “He would be worthy to spar with. I shall ask for my turn!”
“You’re at fault. I look at you and all blood rushes south.”
Natasha heaved a deep sigh and approached the inventor, talking lowly to him. Tony just gave her a snort, pulled away, and finished his refill. She rolled her eyes, said something else, appearing testy. Steve wished he could hear what they were saying…he had a feeling it was about himself. Natasha always tried to be a medium between Steve and Tony, trying to patch up their fraying relationship to the best of her ability.
So after over a year, this is finally updated. Sorry...adulting...yuck. I hope I made up for it with a longer chapter!
“Uh…yeah?”
Tony crossed his arms and the pouting started. “He still won’t sell me his Cap trading cards.”
Tony laughed, “That’s the spirit. And no, not quite....I suppose close enough to it.”
“You will?”
Steve opened and closed his mouth, “I…” he blinked, “Really?”
Tony did not move for a moment. He seemed to be struggling with an internal battle and his fingers pressed hard into Steve's arm and hand.
“The god.”
"Beard! Noooo!" She'd cheer. "Nooo daddy!"
“That’s fine.” Tony hummed to himself, his eyes looking a little glazed as he started to unbutton Steve’s jeans. “Let’s get you out of these…get my bride more comfortable.”
“Well, one of the first things is to get some folks back. Steve told me about Barton. That needs remedy…a man should not lose so much.” With a flick of his wrist the stones came back into view, much to the sickening shock of those in the room. “I’ll get him here and then get his family back. Only fair for him to know…would hate for him to suffer another surprise.”
“Don’t take that tone with me.”
Maybe, just maybe, he did owe some gratitude to Nat for stopping him. It was possible if that had hit him in space he would’ve died.
“Start breathing and relaxing properly and I will. I want it to hurt but not too much this first time.”
“Yeah, tabling the conversation for later.” Tony rubbed the back of his head and avoided eye contact. So his overprotectiveness still itched at him more than he’d like to admit. It wasn’t that bad that he wanted to ensure the love of his life, who had hundred of enemies and admirers who would love to take him away from Tony, was safe every second of the day. “Much later.”
“Say it.”
After he coughed it back up, he looked at the mess and then at Thor, “I’ll get ten in me, just you watch.”
“I would never use you like that.”
The first time, Tony hated how easy it had been to just strike the insubordinate down. He had vomited after the fact, in the privacy of his own room, but he could never figure out if it was due to the killing itself or how he had found he didn't hesitate. Steve would've hesitated. Steve wouldn't have done it to begin with.
“Just live. He’s done being a soldier.”
"Next session you're hitting 2019, so yeah, you're catching up."
Something in the back of his head tried to pull back, his instincts still uncomfortable, but Steve hushed them down. He could not let this time-jump keep him shackled down and fearful. He was a soldier and it was about time he acted like one and adapted better.
Finally, the button and zipper were taken care of but he was unsure what to do at that point. He paused seeing the dangerous dip of Tony’s hips peeking through and felt his knees quiver. That little bit of tanned skin was so close…what did he do with it? What was the process to this whole thing?
Steve did as told, kneeling in front of Tony, reaching up and holding Tony’s face. Tony mimicked the movement right back. For a few moments they just looked at each other, sharing air, and a moment of silence before Tony swooped in and caught Steve’s mouth once more. He pushed his tongue in as his hand went down and rested possessively over the arc.
“You don’t get to say anything.” Tony hissed. “You’re not supposed to be able to flirt. You’re my awkward angel. How dare you use my own power against me? You’re the one who blushes—not me.”
The dark-haired man was quiet for a moment, waiting to see if Steve behaved.
“Of course not.” Steve, at times, had difficulty reading the young man. While kinder than the other two, he had sharp edges and had a tendency of lying to save his own skin. “Just a hard few days.”
“For the love of god, someone get me drunk.” Bruce begged.
Tony frowned, “I thought Steve Rogers was Captain America’s name.”
Thanos balled one fist before he stabbed an end into his arm. "Your people have this ability. Blood transfusion. To save lives."
Steve had no idea how to respond to that.
Please enjoy and apologies for the intense delay!
“God, you’re so perfect.”
“If you hadn’t taken him who knows what would’ve happened.” She agreed.
New time or not, he got the feeling this was not a normal reaction to Steve’s situation.
With a quick stand his knees gave out and he found himself blinking from the floor in surprise. Ok, so he was not as better as he hoped.
He stopped when Tony laughed.
“He would appreciate that.”
“And yet you have said it is a requirement to be spectacularly gorgeous to be part of your group.” Jarvis sounded like he wanted to roll his AI-eyes.
." Josh hissed, doing a slow double-fist pump. "I could puke I am so happy...this thing was almost as nightmarish as you. Of course the simple ones always are."
“You’re face is boring.” Tony gave Steve another kiss and pinch and then went back to where his computer was to contact Pepper and Rhodes about an impromptu ‘meet the future husband’ party.
“It’s something that anyone can get. Especially after a traumatic event. Well, one of many options.” Sam kneeled down to look him in the eyes better. “You’ve had an intense shock to your psyche and went through something terrible alone. You’re using touch as a way of balance and familiarity. But you're a proud person and filled with guilt so the comfort it brings also sort of burns you. It's a painful tug-o-war." Sam smiled. "But you're not even a week into this. Give yourself a break."
“Right, so…BDSM…I want to…I want to do that.”
“Seriously?”
Darkness was swarming his vision again. He was going to faint.
Steve sighed in relief. “Thank you.”  He looked over Sam’s shoulder and stepped back a bit and said lowly. “Now is the perfect time to do that.” He gave a meek wave to a person behind Sam and then started jogging on the track.
Tony pouted, “I don’t like hearing that.”
“Uh…” Steve allowed himself to be checked over. They lifted his arms, pried open his mouth, got very close to his eyes…”Uhm…hi?”
Tony looked over the files before he slowly nodded his head. “Give them word I wish to see them within the upcoming week. Make no hint of this assignment but I do want to meet with them face to face.”
Tony had gazed over Steve briefly. Compared to the rest in the photo he didn’t stand out. He had a shy smile on his face, his body turned to the smirking man and his posture as if he didn’t know what to do with his body. Although he was the tallest in the group and second in bulk, the brunette guy looked thicker in Tony’s opinion, he appeared the smallest. His face was soft. He looked out of place. He wasn’t impressive to a child who loved superhero comics and stories of warrior gods.
“You crashed the plane, Steve. You saved a lot of people.” Tony’s smile fell a little at that. “And Red Skull is dead. You’re a hero.”
Steve gave a off a whine, shuddering under the pressure building up in his stomach, as he whipped his head around. His senses were on fire and his mind was melting. He couldn’t breathe, yet he could, and he couldn’t feel, and yet he could…so much…too much.
“What?!” Tony yelped, wincing when his voice cracked.
Swallowing thickly, trying to not become ill, Steve closed his eyes and counted down from five before he removed his shirt, dropping it to the ground so he couldn't quickly hide himself.
“I think I need to have a chat with them and to stop telling you things…I won’t lie I am bummed that I don’t get to see you flustered as I am sure you were the first time you heard all of this.”
“I know you noticed I didn’t say much in what I do with Tony." She waved her fork around a bit, splattering some sauce on the counter, "You gonna press on that or what?”
“What was that, Steven?”
“Uh…”
"Oh, uhm," Steve frowned. "I am not quite sure. I have three pieces including this one," he lifted up his hand, "but one just...it's something that continues and has many components."
“Ugh, you’re no fun.”
“Almost silly things if they did not seem so…” He struggled to find the right word.
Tony rubbed his head. Yep, this was the Avengers he was familiar with.  Nothing could ever out-weird them.
Something in him warmed at the thought. He would not fool himself into thinking Steve would become some sort of househusband, but there was something very appealing about the thought. Steve in warm sweaters, making coffee or tea, as he was unaware his bare toes still had paint on them. Every room and wall would have a painting or sketch of his in full display and Tony would make sure to have something patriotic around to be a brat. Everything would feel and smell clean and homely with Steve around.
Steve whimpered, growing a bit meek again. “I-I didn’t mind it.”
He pulled back, getting light-headed again, gasping for air and blinking stars away. Tony laughed, and nipped his jaw and then neck. “We’re going to need to get you some more practice.”
‘Jesus, Howard, what did you do to him?’ His shoulders sagged and shook his head, disappointed and hurt. It was another thing he wasn’t sure he was ready to face. He had to accept that his once good friend had done wrong to his own son…but Steve also needed to accept he was dating the son of his good friend and Steve was somehow, technically, younger. It caused an anti-logical-headache.
