“Or her. Statistically your killer is likely to be a man, but we haven’t yet ruled out a female.” Sherlock’s phone bleeped again and he pulled it out of his pocket to read the text.
They were seated in a corner and Sherlock sat so he was facing the room and able to take in details. He dismissed all the women, as Jenkins had said the killer was male. He also dismissed any men with a collar on since that would indicate submissives. That left four people that he could see. One of the waiters on the other side of the room was tall, male, and broad-shouldered. Hm. Sherlock watched him take a group’s order and walk back to the kitchen. He was a possibility.
to do what he said. He rolled his eyes as absolutely no inspiration came to him. Okay, he would think about it logically. How had he submitted in the past to Seb?
The guest John tended was vile but uncreative. John was made to suck the man hard before he was bent over the bed frame and “shown his place.” The meds John took beforehand loosened him up and made him woozy. He knew he’d have a raging headache the following day (the herb was technically a poison) but it was worth it if he could beg off the next day and claim to be sick. He was one of only three concubines who was ‘off duty’ the following morning. Jim’s guest rooms were full and his friends had many colorful desires. He tended the others, giving each a light sleeping aid. He smeared ointment on his sore knees and took willowbark for his head. His thigh muscles burned and his hips were tight. Lying on his pallet all day would make him stiff as a board. He needed to move. The herana wasn’t very big but he did a few laps around the wide room, reveling in the rare quiet. The walls were bare stone and felt like sandpaper under his palm.
were ready to go, cargo and staff loaded and waiting for the royals to arrive. At a signal from Greg the King and Prince exited the carriage. In the distance, some citizens who’d braved the weather and followed the carriage to the docks waved and hollered. Mycroft lifted his hand in acknowledgment and the people went nuts.
"I will, John." They split apart and John didn't have time to say anything before Mrs. Hudson tugged him into her arms.
“Oh dear, I know that wince.” She winked at him and sat down in John’s chair. “Was he rough on you, love?”
John blinked back tears and strode into the bedroom. He paced back and forth, breathing. His Defense had been intense and violent and the worst of it had passed at Coel’s. The cab ride home had given him more time to calm down. He rubbed the back of his neck. Dwelling on what could have happened wasn’t calming him down. Sherlock was unhurt and fine. But, now he needed to be punished. They had talked about this—rules and discipline. The paddle was in order, as far as he was concerned. He sighed. The paddle was awful, plain and simple. It hurt and it stung and it burned but that was rather the point. A few other ideas for punishment darted though his head. He wasn’t going to use the crop or the flogger. Sherlock had requested that he not use the cane. John didn’t care for it either, so that was off that table. He dismissed the other ideas. If they weren’t coming out of a rough patch, he would be giving him something tougher or longer than the paddling. He didn’t want to go too hard though. This had been dangerous as hell, yes, but he wouldn’t—couldn’t do more than the paddle. He still wasn’t done hating himself for that botched scene. That stupid fight had just exacerbated how badly he felt as well.
The little voice that lived in the vicinity of the Gordian knot of feelings in his chest spoke up, small but insistent. Sherlock wanted to tell it to shut up, but it came out as more of sigh in own head.
, then another, then another. He patted the crop from shoulder to hip, stimulating the whole area with stinging little smacks of sensation. Sherlock hung his head back and moaned as the crop warmed his back and he sucked in a breath when it began thwacking his bottom. Again it was more of the same little dancing sting-smacks, warming the skin in a warning of what was to come.
The detective grinned. John picked up the second collar and felt the royal blue lining. It was really soft. It was about half an inch wide.
been practicing. That’s fantastic, love.” John smacked the crop tip down on his bottom and Sherlock tongued his slit. Over and over John cropped his bottom and Sherlock sucked hard and fast. “Perfect…” John groaned. “You’re beautiful like this, all plugged and bound and horny. Ease off, now, I don’t want to come yet.”
“Let’s find out…” Sherlock reached into the victim’s jacket pocket and extracted a plain brown leather wallet. He unsnapped it and carefully flipped through the sodden contents. Donovan came over with a few evidence bags.
Finally they were ushered inside the tent and John glanced around at the Union Jack bunting and the white picket fence and the tall pointed peaks. The place had a scent of plastic tent canvas about it but he was sure it would soon smell like the best bakery in the world.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, then closed it and looked away self-consciously. He didn’t really want to explain that he couldn’t understand why that sub had been so distraught. “I’m well. Tea?”
"With Greg?" He asked, trying not to feel too jealous of her. She got to spend loads of time with Greg since he and King Mycroft came back from the border.
Sherlock spied some mistletoe tucked above a door and walked over to it with a small "oh!" and planting himself underneath. John watched him, one brow up in confusion. Sherlock curled his fingers, beckoning. Curious, John came closer until he was standing beside the prince. Sherlock reached out and grabbed his lapels to pull him into a breathless kiss.
“Lying to me is never okay. If you lie, you get the paddle. I love you to death, Sherlock, if you got hurt or killed because of some stupid lie…?”
“Have a good day.” John left the flat before he could do or say anything spectacularly stupid. Sherlock watched him go. Something painful lurched in his heart as he watched him leave. Something that didn’t want the doctor to go. “Goodbye Doctor Watson.” He whispered.
Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself from grinning as Berwick went on a tangent about his girlfriend—also a dominant, no surprise there was friction there. Co-dynamics rarely dated well together. Two of Seb’s friends were a pair of dating doms and they could rarely spend an evening together without verbally tearing each other to pieces. Then again, verbal abuse had largely been a part of Seb’s sphere, so he wasn’t surprised that even the man’s friends were so abrasive. If Seb had tried to pull him over his knee and smack him, Sherlock would have Lestrade on him for assault charges before he could blink. It was different, what John did. John was…better. He bit his cheek harder. If he kept thinking of his dom, he’d smile, and now was not the time or place.
“Here.” A tall man with grey stubble and a weather-worn face stepped forward, giving the body another disgusted gaze.
Sherlock carefully moved the cooked biscuits to a wire rack and John noticed his bowls of black and yellow icing. They looked a little lumpy and worryingly runny but he said nothing.
Sherlock was about to answer him with something cheeky but when he looked in John’s eyes and saw the genuine worry there, he paused, cocking his head in thought. John licked his lips. His brow was furrowed and Sherlock could feel his heartbeat thudding through his whole body. The hands on his back grew clammy. Huh. He
“I see why you prefer fucking a spanked arse.” He muttered. He swatted John’s hip to prove his point and he giggled into the blankets. “This is fantastic, John, I think I’m—oh!” His orgasm ripped through him, making his thighs and bum tingle as the pleasure fizzed through his groin. John came at the same time and the feeling of John’s body clenching around his cock was exquisite. He could definitely do this again. He pumped into John a few more times and stood there panting and smiling.
“Do you really think now is the best time to give me more cheek and terrible attitude?” John asked. “You’re smarter than that, Sherlock. Much smarter. This…whatever this is, stops now, understand?”
"Molly!" A male voice called out to her and for a moment her heart lifted. When she saw it was Danny it crashed back down again.
“He must have failed out of Murder University. I hear the education is to die for.” Lestrade grinned at his own stupid, off-color joke. Sherlock and Molly stared at him, not amused.
The next morning found Sherlock in a foul mood. The last thing he wanted to do was go on this stupid hunting trip with all the other stupid guests. Mycroft, the utter git, was making him do it.
Sherlock raked his hand through his hair. It was so much easier when he was alone, in a way, but it was so much better with John at his side now. His thoughts drifted to Lotto, his dealer, and he rolled his eyes. It was easy when he was stressed out about a case to just pop over and buy what his body craved, but he wouldn’t. Not now. Not anymore. He went back out to the sitting room and looked at the wall again and all the pinned up photos, hoping for a ray of light.
Sherlock basked in the praise. He loved when John called him gorgeous and told him all the greatest things about him.
“Fine. I’ll give you a way to atone for this since you need it but not because I think you need it.”
“No, if he worked there he wouldn’t bother with a punch card. He would get all his drinks for free—assuming he drank anything from there at all.” He glanced at John and spoke to Lestrade. “Once you find Coel’s address, John and I will talk to him.”
Melissa pulled the white sheet and cream cotton blanket back and untied his gown and Sherlock got his first look at his body. White strips of bandages and gauze covered his ribs and left waist. The worst of it was on his arms and he remembered then that Logan had slashed his arm pretty deeply. He’d worried that he was going to bleed out and die. He gulped. A bandage was taped over his abdomen and the long slice on his waist was starting to throb. The deep cut in his forearm was starting to wake up too. The nurse set to work. John grabbed a pair of gloves and helped, binning the used gauzes and keeping up a bright monologue to distract him. “Everyone sent flowers. Mike and Betsy sent the big one, and Lestrade and his team sent those white and yellow things. Molly’s are the roses and Mrs. Hudson sent the purple tall ones. There’s some of those dipped biscuits you like from her too.”
“If you’re thinking of talking to Coel, don’t.” He said, rubbing his hands over his face with the air of someone who was very much done with life at the moment. “He’s still a suspect and I don’t want him scared off.”
The small entranceway opened up into a large, wide round room with tall arched ceilings. A massive, crackling fireplace was in the center of the big room, though John couldn't feel the heat from where he stood. Surrounding the central fire were rows and rows of thin straw pallets. Sleeping rolls, he realized. He also noticed immediately that the thirty or so men and women milling about the grey, somber space were dressed in very little at all. The men wore white loincloths, covering their front and back but open up the thigh and hip. None of the men had tops on. The women wore identical loincloths and some flimsy tops to cover their breasts. Their midriffs were bare. Several people had bandages and sported bruises or scrapes. Everyone had gold loops pierced into their ears, gold bracelets on their wrists, and dark, thick necklaces at the base of their throats. A shiver danced down John's spine. People glanced up when he came in and he saw them nudge each other, nod to him, whisper back and forth. He pursed his lips and lifted his chin. He refused to appear weak.
Callum blinked up at him. “Oh…” He frowned at the card. “You know, he might have been the sub who was sometimes coming in with a tall, blond dom.”
“That’s almost two million people.” Sherlock muttered. There was no way Michael could pick out the correct face from a pool so massive. Two hundred, maybe. Two hundred thousand? No way. “It was worth a shot.” He muttered.
Sherlock dragged himself to his feet, plucked the mug from John's hand, and went to the kitchen. "Father Christmas, I'm told, traverses the globe in one night, delivering gifts to every 'good' child. How he defines 'good' can only be guessed." He scoffed at Father Christmas' lack of specific measurable data. "At each home, he must park his sleigh, get down the chimney, deliver at least one gift per child, eat whatever victuals are provided, return up the chimney, get back in the sleigh, and repeat the process."
He sat up, hiding his wince as best he could, and reached for the coffee. They needed to talk about this. Or something. He knew John wanted to see the damage, and to be honest, he wouldn’t mind some hands-on time with his doctor. He still felt a little timid and he wanted to submit. He wanted John inside of him but his backside sore the way it was, he doubted it would be a good idea.
Sherlock buried his face in John’s knee and the doctor stroked his damp hair. “What do you need me to do?” John asked.
in school but didn't remember much about it other than he hadn't wanted to read it. He stared at the cheesecake. "Can anyone join this club?"
"John!" She said warmly. "Good to meet you! Mike's mentioned a few friends from his glory days before we met and I wondered if I'd ever lay eyes on any of them." She glanced at his fingers and throat as she turned back to the stove, checking to see if he was dom or sub. As John wore no jewelry, he knew she wouldn’t be able to tell. "Supper'll just be a few." She said. "Want something to drink? Mike will get it for you."
Sherlock nodded. “I, I like it on my throat when I’m, when I’m like this.” His whole body was warm and flushed from the spanking and John replaced the collar. He patted his thigh some more and petted his shoulders.
“I was fine before you arrived!” He shouted from the other side of the door. Something banged and Mycroft was pretty sure he had just thrown a shoe. He rolled his eyes at the drama of it all.
“Go away.” He growled. He paced through the blue gloomy morning light, grumbling. His shoulder flared up in pain and he slammed his hand into the wall. The
Mel's straight-laced little submissive sister who got good grades and played football on occasion and dabbled at the trumpet before telling the lawyer anything. When he'd agreed to investigate, he expected to come up with a body and the usual bad news about a young life cut tragically short and he could tell that's what Mel was expecting as well. "Good girl turned druggie jewel thief" hadn't been on anyone's radar.
John jogged to catch up with his sub. “Be good.” He said in a low tone. “You’re toeing the line a bit, love.”
John trudged back to the herana, stiff, sore, and trying and failing to not feel disgusted with himself and his entire life. A pained thought that
cropped. He had no doubt that John could deliver a whipping and this would be an excellent opportunity for gathering data for his file. With another breath, he scurried back to John’s side.
"Where the hell is he?" His voice was maybe a little unnecessarily angry, but he didn't care. Sherlock was injured and needed help!
, went the quill. She eyed his shoulder and to his relief, said nothing. "You seem pretty clean and healthy. Have all your teeth.”
“I,” she straightened in the chair and stirred her tea. “I heard you. John was shouting and…was it a paddle?”
"Hey, guys." He walked towards the freshly filled coffee pot, trying not to stare too obviously. Sherlock was on his knees on the bunched up rug beside the stove. He had a cup of coffee in his hand and was wearing an unfamiliar wrinkled blue Tshirt and some loose cream-colored pajama bottoms. Greg wondered where on earth he'd found them before realizing that they were likely John's. The detective looked a bit haggard around the eyes, but he seemed content enough. John, in the same clothes he'd arrived in last night, flipped the sausages and held a piece of toast slathered in jam out to his sub. Sherlock bit off a corner and John put the piece on a plate, watching him with hands on his hips as he chewed. Sherlock stared at the vicinity of John's knees. Greg had never seen the detective like this. Kneeling. Being hand-fed.
Sherlock stood there and watched as John wiped his elbow clean with an alcohol pad and pricked him. The vial filled and the detective smiled with satisfaction.
It was then that John noticed some glass tubes and a magnifying lens beside the platters. One tube was filled with water and the others contained something yellow and green, respectively. There was an odd contraption about twenty centimeters tall on the table that looked like a small brass telescope bolted to a stand and aimed at a little gold platform. John stared at it, wondering what on earth it was.
Twenty more minutes went by, and when Sherlock was hobbling back from the toilet, he paused in the sitting room. John was on the sofa with his magazine, reading placidly. Sherlock shuffled to the sofa and got on, sitting there and contemplating the chains around his ankles. They were clipped, not locked, and Sherlock could easily unclip himself. He didn’t want to though. John had put the chains there. John should take them off. He glanced up at his dom.
out of his skin. He grabbed for his violin, snatching the bow up and angrily sawing at the strings, making the thing shriek out in frustration. It wasn’t really helping. Within moments someone next door was pounding on the fireplace wall and he lowered the instrument.
“I’m loose enough.” Sherlock said, resting his head happily on his forearms. “There’s already lube there.”
John licked his lips, his cock lurching painfully in his jeans. Sherlock naked—masturbating—his lips swollen and stretched around that toy. All the heat in his body went south and he let out a fast panting breath. “What are you doing and can I please help you?” He finished pulling off his coat and tossed it in the general direction of the coat rack, his eyes locked on Sherlock, then yanked off the rest of his clothes. He had no idea what this was, but
“Yes, John.” Sherlock left and came back moments later with the white tube. He lay on the bed and almost purred when John popped the tube cap and smoothed the cream into his sore shoulders and bum and thighs.
“Come to bed?” Sherlock asked, holding out his hand. He set the mug aside. John eagerly took his hand and followed him to the bedroom.
"What do you think?" John looked down at Sherlock and ran fingers through his hair. The sub looked up at him with a soft expression. "Should I work part time at Speedy's?"
"Ah yeah. You know those legendary healers you hear about now and then? The ones even princes and kings travel to see? That can practically perform miracles and are so good they get accused of being a witch on a daily basis? That was mum…” John trailed off. He hadn’t spoken to anyone this much in weeks. Hell, even his highwaymen crew hadn't known this much about his childhood and he'd trusted them with his life‒no, don't go there. Don't think about them.
“I didn’t get the name of the hospital.” He stood behind Sherlock and rested a hand on his shoulder. “He hurt you so I hurt him.”
“Maybe three or four times. Well, during puberty I was in an out of it. I was a moody little shit back then.”
“Of course.” He said. He rolled his eyes fondly and knelt behind him on the bed, binding his wrists up. He coiled the rope up his arm, keeping the tension even as the light skin was slowly caged up in thin white lines. This rope would leave marks for sure, and John concluded happily that he could at least rub some lotion into the skin after.
“Between the texts and this thing,” He waved the collage, “there’s a restraining order we can get, I’m sure.”
He sent it and a moment later heard a chime from the kitchen. Ah. There were footsteps in the hall and then John appeared with a cup of coffee. He set it on the side table.
They got off at a transfer and John paused by the ticket booths. He didn’t want to go see Lestrade, he was getting pissed off about this whole case and the idea of just demanding that Sherlock stay off of it was getting more appealing by the hour. He wanted to go home and put the case aside for the night and just
The detective had actually ordered some linguine and was even eating it when the fork was abandoned and he was on his feet, leaving John to shovel in the last bites of ravioli and throw down cash for the tip.
"Alright there, your Highness?" Angelo came out from the back kitchen and spoke in a low voice. He touched Sherlock’s shoulder.
He slid it back in his pocket and kept walking. The phone went quiet, then it rang again. John looked again. Same thing on the display. Frowning, he put it back in his pocket and it went silent. He crossed the street and was walking past a petrol station when a young, dark-haired man with a gold collar around his neck flagged him down from his parked car. John stopped walking, confused as the man jogged up to him with his phone to his ear.
John, once he relaxed, was fascinating to listen to. It wasn't what he was saying as it was everything else about him‒his voice, the way his hands moved as he talked, his inflection, pitch, the way he licked his lips between words. Sherlock was so focused on
"Because you're a sub. You shouldn't be forced to top your own stupid dom. Do you, I mean, you don’t know how."
John hesitated. Logic was telling him to go back to the herana and leave whatever this was alone. If he got caught now he could still plead innocence.
just wouldn’t do. He strode over to him and grabbed the back of his neck, pulling him into a kiss. A collar. He definitely needed a collar. John shivered at the thought. The detective melted into him and John pulled him closer, stroking over his thigh and bum with his free hand. He squeezed and Sherlock hissed, stepping closer to him.
Sherlock, bored that afternoon, went to the morgue. John came with as they were going to stop by the library afterwards to pick up the movie.
“Hm? Oh. Not really.” Sherlock lied. Lestrade nodded and shuffled some more papers around his messy desk. A few manila folders fell to the floor.
Sherlock finished the last vibrating note off the violin and let his right arm fall gracefully. He glanced at John's pasta and, quick as a snake, set the bow down and twisted John's fork so the speared ravioli popped into his mouth. John blinked, surprised. Sherlock winked at him and gulped it into his mouth and launched into a spirited "Hark! The Herald Angels Sing." John shook his head fondly as he finished off the food. Sherlock could be a right prick sometimes, but times like these more than made up for it.
“Oh great, thank you, Mrs. H.” John got up and flipped back the cloth, taking a thick chocolate chip muffin and biting into it. “This is amazing.” He mumbled.
“Greg…” She moaned, smiling. “C’mere….” She tugged him close and wrapped her hand around his thick, muscled arms, going slack and still.
. He was royalty. John was just a whore. He didn't even have the distinction of being a commoner who made his living standing upright, he was truly just a sex slave who earned his keep by keeping his legs spread and his mouth open. John laughed helplessly. Sherlock could have anyone at all. Why on earth did he think Sherlock would want
He was glad to push through the doors to the herana and make his way to the baths. His knees were scraped and his throat dry and chafed. His body ached. His stomach roiled sickly the way it often did after these long nights. He'd drink some willow bark tea, dab ointments on his sore spots, and take a mild sleeping aid tonight. That usually helped. He didn't anticipate having any trouble falling asleep but the nightmares would plague him without the sleeping aid. An attendant caught up to him on his way to the baths.
“Yeah.” Sweat dribbled down John’s neck as pleasurable pressure built at the base of his spine, expanding and coiling through his hips
"Molly!" The bald person called out and a young woman near the fire looked up, excused herself from the conversation she was having with two other women, and came over to them.
Asked John looking up now and he saw the serious look and worry in her eyes and he sat up straight immediately.
Sherlock had a small smile on his face as he turned to look at John. He shifted a little closer before wrapping his arms around the smaller man. He buried his face into the crook of John's neck and sighed happily.
John added a wink, a smirk before he let Rosie's head go and carried her over to the pink high-chair. Rosie squealed annoyed but forgot quickly as John pushed her favourite rattle in her hand and she happily shook her hand. John turned to a not even half clothed Sherlock wrapped his hands around his hips, careful not to disturb the towel and leaned in to kiss his left cheek.
I know it has been half an eternity I've written something. And I did not plan to start again. However, I have to share this with you all out there.
John tilted his head, swearing the other had said his name. Realising he was being ignored, he lifted his hand and brought it down on the detectives arse.
Sherlock whined slightly at the loss of friction before moving the pillow aside and taking the lube from underneath it. His hands were still trembling lightly as he reached back with his arm to hand John the lube. Sherlock was completely loss in the pleasure already, so much that he didn't even think about the worrying details of this encounter, such as John being actually drunk while doing this.
He strocked from Sherlocks thighs back up to his ass and pushed his left thumb in the crease up and down and back up. Before he stopped let go of Sherlocks ass and opened the knot of his tshirt to throw it over his head.
The loud thumps of footsteps on the stairs woke Sherlock. He'd brought Rosie and her crib down to his bedroom in case she'd need any attention during the night. Sherlock emerged from his bedroom with a yawn, stretching his arms above his head. He smiled a little as he saw John.
Sherlock stayed in that position, arse up in the air with legs stretched open. The voice continued explaining 'downward dog' and its healing properties and Sherlock closed his eyes, arms keeping him upright perfectly. Then the instructor explained moving down and extending the back, and Sherlock did the same, still not seeing John as he pulled himself down, back arched, legs still slightly spread, the old t-shirt riding up on his back and his head moving back with legs holding him upright in 'upward dog'. He counted softly in line with the yoga instruction, releasing a breath as she told him to.
Sherlock obeyed. He tossed the gown on the chair and dropped to the floor, watching him go to the wardrobe and grab his box of fun and put it on the bed. Sherlock licked his lips. His cock jerked hopefully in a sort of Pavlovian response to the sight of the box.
"That's a good tart." Paul said after a moment's chewing. "The apples are spiced right and the strawberry is delicious. Well done."
"I'm useful here." She said, a touch defensive. "I'm something of a healer, so I can fix people when they're hurt. Or try to, anyway."
“Seb?” Sherlock asked. “Was that pathetic group of jumbled words supposed to be an inquiry about whether my irritated state was brought on by an appearance of my utter arsehole of a former dom?”
“Of course not. But you need an assistant, and we both know of a perfectly capable medical man who might be interested.”
"Fine." He grunted. What choice did he have? Refusing to see a guest would lead to a beating. Sherlock though….his heart lifted before bitterness crushed it down. Sherlock was probably looking to get the sex he'd missed out on last night. Why else would he have requested him specifically?
He stepped into 221 and peered up the stairs, locking the door behind and jumping up to the flat with a sort of Christmas morning excitement churning in his belly.
They both looked at Sherlock’s phone. He picked it up and his face paled in the light of the screen. He took a fast breath.
on the other side. Sherlock hissed, hanging his head low as John snapped the crop hard repeatedly down his thighs and across his shoulders. He gingerly folded his arms under his head, resting his face in them as he stuck his butt further back out, silently asking for more. John obliged and changed the angle, whipping the full length of the crop across both cheeks. A tight little squeak burst out of Sherlock’s mouth and he jerked up, arching his back with each snapping blow, stomping one foot hard on the floor. John kept going, smashing the crop over his arse until it was red hot with lines. His breaths were harsh in his mouth and Sherlock was grunting and moaning and squirming delightfully. John finally paused to give them both a moment. He shook out his arm and looked down at the red lines on his bum. The red on pink sure looked painful. Sherlock was trembling and sniffling quietly into his folded arms and his cock looked even harder. Lucky sub.
however, were used to a more eclectic journey. Sherlock had a habit of climbing up to the crow’s nest and firing guns into the sky, usually during bad weather. He also liked to collect seawater samples, which he did by leaning way over the side and dragging pots attached to ropes through the water. Another favorite trick of his was to perch precariously on the bow with his violin, ignoring all the sailors who tried to politely but firmly and respectfully convince the Prince to please get down, your highness, lest you fall into the icy water below.
"Thanks, Greg." John went to the loo and washed up a bit. He didn't have anything clean in his bag and he'd brushed his teeth at the airport. He wasn't sure how much he'd sleep anyway. He dried his hands and slowly opened the bedroom door. He relaxed at the sight of his sub nestled under the blankets. He pushed the door closed and gingerly crept across the pitch black room to the bed. His leg bumped the edge of it and he knelt up on the mattress, turning his phone light on. He moved the blankets and melted ice packs and lifted his shirt to assess. Lavender stained his sub's back and shoulder. A few pink scratches were sliced across his ribs. Some other areas were covered by white bandages. Sherlock stirred and murmured and John dropped the shirt. He crawled up and lay down beside him.
Tears slipped down his face and Sherlock wiped his eyes furiously, angry at himself and the case and Coel and Lestrade and John and even Mike and Betsy for having their stupid dinner in the first place. He shuddered and the hard smacks stopped. John was breathing hard above him. They sat there for approximately three seconds, both panting, before he growled, "get up."
certainly liked the idea. He opened the oil and dribbled some into his hands. A refreshing, masculine cedar and mint scent, sweetened with a tinge of almond filled his nose and he placed both hands on the small of John’s back before sweeping them firmly up either side of his spine.
John guided him on his back on the bed, tucking the pillow up behind him. “That is,” John said, “if you still want me tonight after that?”
"Yeah, well, part of it." He said. "Not anymore. My team was just one small group. The highwaymen are all over Hibern. We're still strong.”
"Hello, Doctor Watson." She spared John a glance and smiled at Sherlock but he was staring at the floor, tired and sore.
“Well that changes things a little bit.” Greg said, slipping the page back in the envelope. “Sherlock was being antagonized by this bastard.” He looked at the sub, then at John. “John, could you step outside for a moment?”
John was pacing when he stepped into the sitting room. He was as tense and tight as he’d been at Coel’s. The familiar space and absence of danger had likely calmed him, and Sherlock knew from reading that a dom in Defense was soothed by his or her sub’s presence. When he saw his sub he stopped pacing and pointed at a spot on the floor in front of him. Sherlock licked his lips and crept over, expecting a slap across the face or to get shouted at.
He paced out of the house and slammed the door closed behind. Sherlock was lingering on the pavement by the street, wringing his hands. This time it wasn’t part of the dopey sub facade. The doctor paced back and forth, clenching and opening his fists. He breathed the cool air in deep, long breaths to try and clam himself.
John looked up at him. “Very good. Come here, love.” He patted his leg. “Let me give you another kiss.”
"Someone else? Who were you aiming for?" The officer looked around. No one else was taking this shortcut. Of course Greg and Sally were hiding low. Sherlock, the bastard, was huddled out of sight at John's side and laughing silently into his scarf as his flatmate got shouted by the officer.
Jim pulled on his arm, putting pressure on the shoulder socket. The old harpoon injury flared in pain and John grit his teeth.
Sherlock opened his eyes the next morning and was instantly wide awake. The case. The mechanics. John! He sat up. The bed was empty. He was torn between wanting to run and talk to the mechanics and wanting to spend the whole day doing anything his dominant wanted. He bit his lip, then jumped out of bed and pulled his dressing gown on before heading to the sitting room. John was at the desk. The curtains were drawn and the room was dark except for the lamp glowing in the corner. The telly was tuned to some silly game show and John was typing at his laptop. Sherlock glanced around the space, taking in the details. He’d read about this in the PTSD books. People suffering from it sometimes preferred the curtains be drawn and the room dark. Sherlock cleared his throat to ensure John would know he was there and he went to the kitchen to get tea. There had been no mug on the desk, so he made John a cup and brought it over. He carefully put his hand on his dom’s shoulder and the man relaxed, reaching up to touch him.
“You go on.” Sherlock whispered. “I’ll look ahead and come back.” She trotted off and Sherlock exhaled. Alone, finally. He let his horse wander the path at its own pace. He didn’t bother looking for game. He didn’t much feel like hunting. The solitude of the woods was a balm after the activity of the trip, the unpacking, the endless servants, seeing Jim’s horrible face, and dealing with Sebastian. He was perfectly content to enjoy his alone time.
"You might be misunderstanding‒poor boy‒but don't you worry." He smiled and his teeth gleamed in the morning light. They pulled out of the forest and headed east to Castle Chilgrave. "Everything will soon be made clear."
John glanced at his hand, then his face. Sherlock waggled his fingers and gave his dom a small smile.
John followed his recipe very carefully. He even said the steps out loud to himself as he did them. He added his yeast to the flour and sugar along with the water. He put it all in the mixer and let the dough hook do its thing. He chewed his lip as it mixed, fingers crossed that this would work.
John wasn’t hearing it. He whacked the paddle down on his right cheek, then left, then right…finally he paused and Sherlock let out a deep shuddering sob into the sheets.
The pain of the flogger on his back seemed to make the clamps on his nipples hurt all the more, and Sherlock grabbed the bars in the cuffs hard. This was so far removed from how they usually played. He regretted now not kneeling by John’s feet and sitting sweetly with some coffee while John stroked his hair and watched telly. That was a nice way to pass the time. Why hadn’t he agreed?
"Dammit!" He heard Sherlock blurt out the swear word and he stood up. The other man was scowling at his pan of biscuits which was smoking slightly. John licked his lips and called over to him.
Hello everyone! There's some miscommunication between Sherlock and John in this chapter. I have no idea if any readers will be triggered/bothered, but I'll be blunt while trying not to spoil: They have a scene. Things go somewhat wrong. These things will be resolved in some way before the story ends.
The older Holmes left and Sherlock stood up, stretching slightly before trotting to the wardrobe. John eyed his splotchy back and bottom. No bruises, and he was moving around just fine. He slipped on sweats and a Tshirt, then threw his blue dressing gown on. “He is insufferable.” He muttered, violently cinching the sash around his waist. He strode out to the sitting room, pulling the door shut behind. John figured there was no point in staying in bed anymore, and trying not to feel too mortified, he threw the covers off and saw the leather rope and plug laying on the floor. Oh hell—Mycroft for
"Naturally." John sipped his coffee. He couldn't believe his genius flat mate was devoting this much brain power to such a ridiculous notion. It was kind of cute.
“It was still too long!” John jerked his leg away. He didn’t like people touching it when it was hurting. Sherlock stood up, mildly stung at the rebuke and annoyed that John wasn’t seeing reason. It had just been a dream. A figment. A story. He wanted him to get over it so they could work on the case together, but he knew logically that it wasn’t that simple.
on the door interrupted the meal. Sherlock opened it up, half a sausage speared on his fork. Mrs. Hudson was standing there with a big purple mug of hot tea.
Mycroft Holmes glanced at his gold pocketwatch as his driver pulled up to the curb outside 221. He had time before his meeting to call on his brother. He hadn’t been by the flat in an age and Sherlock would certainly be delighted to see him drop by unannounced. Ha.
Sherlock sighed, his brain slowing some more as his submission took over now that the worst of the pain was fading.
Sherlock nodded, looking much appeased by this solution. He smiled, genuine this time, at the next group of children. John got plenty of photos and ten minutes later Sherlock was in dark jeans and a deep red sateen button up.
Spoilers for ASiP (though if you're reading this fic and haven't watched series 1 by now...go check it out).
"That was wild." Greg said from the corridor, remembering them all crashing into the trees. "You two are barmy and I love you for it."
Sherlock lifted his arse hopefully and John rubbed some lube over his hole. The plug tip was narrow and John slipped it inside of him and pushed. He felt his sub relax his muscles and John patted a cheek. “Very good. You’re making it easier for me.” The plug widened and Sherlock shifted and finally the thing popped into place.
John put his hand on Sherlock’s chest. “I think I can make do. It’s getting late and I’d like to have fun tonight. Maybe the crop if you’re up for me whacking you some more?”
--John opened his eyes, sucking a huge wave of air into his lungs as he scrambled up to a sitting position. His heart was banging in his chest like bullets being fired from a machine gun. He blinked a few times and licked his lips, his head spinning with the unyielding force of delayed adrenaline and fear flooding his veins from the nightmare.
on each cheek and then rubbed hard to get deep at the muscles. His actions weren’t entirely altruistic. Sure he was glad to take the pain away but he was having a great time grabbing John’s butt. He lifted his doms cheeks and saw the hint of hole. He licked his lips as excitement started to pool in his hips. It would be so easy to just slip in. He was inches away. He edged his fingers into John’s crack. The dom didn’t move. He trailed his index finger lightly over John’s hole.
Sherlock strolled up to B’s door. His gaze zeroed in on a white thin cardboard envelope only slightly bigger than a sheet of A4 leaning up against the black shiny finish. Possibly post, but it was never left on the pavement. He put his leather gloves on and picked it up, examining. Thin. Cheap. He sniffed it. It just smelled like cardboard and possibly car exhaust. The markings on the envelope were generic—it could have been purchased it in any chemist’s or Tesco. It had his name and address in Arial font on a sticky label affixed to one side. There was no return address.
Thank you thank you thank you to all my readers and commenters and kudos-ers...? Ten chapters in!  This chapter has spoilers for TBB (modified for the purposes of this fic. Seb does not work at the bank. Sherlock was contacted by someone else).
John grinned at him. “Of course I am. We’ll pick something you like, darling, of course. Do you still want to wear my collar?” John’s voice was tentative and soft.
"The moment we've all been waiting for." Sue said. "All of you should be extraordinarily proud of yourselves. All of your bakes have been amazing and I wish we could crown you all winners. Alas, there can only be one champion."
When John still didn’t do anything, Sherlock rolled to his feet, took two steps, and swatted the paper out of his hands. That out of the way, he got into John’s lap and curled up, burying his face in his shoulder and hugging him.
A cheer went up as the bakers emerged from the tent with their final bakes. John couldn't help but smile as he saw Sherlock emerge, carrying what appeared to be a beautiful three-tiered purple and blue wedding cake themed with music notes and swirling staffs.
Healer Stamford approached the bed. "Your Highness." He said to Sherlock, giving a little bow. "The good news is that you won't die." He smiled, trying to lighten the tension building between the brothers. "You had a long night. You'll be thirsty today. Drink plenty of water. Have a good healthy meal too. We gotta flush this out of your system." He pulled the sheet back and removed the leeches, dropping them into a glass jar. "Lots of rest." He said, tucking the jar away into his bag. "Someone can bring you willow bark tea for the aches you're going to have. Other than that, we just have to let it pass. The worst of it should be gone in two or three days."
John licked a stripe across his chest back to the left one. Pain and pleasure blazed through Sherlock’s brain and it felt like everything was short circuiting in a wonderful miasma of sparks and grinding gears.
Sherlock turned the hot water on. He felt completely disgusting. He smelled like a cheap hooker and his belly was sticky. His arse was sore as hell from John’s rabid humping last night (not that he was complaining) and he was hungry. John didn’t look or smell much better.
“Look at his nails!” Sherlock crouched down beside the hand and Lestrade and John joined him. “Cuticles clearly not well kept, nails jagged and bitten off. Grease and oil,” he gestured to the thin edges of the nail and the dark gunk built up around and under the roughly kept fingers. “The loose skin around his knuckles as well is filled with the same greasy material and has been for some time. This man is obviously not an office worker nor is he unduly diligent regarding hygiene. Calluses on his fingers and here on his palm indicate he works with his hands—likely using tools. Who works with their hands in a greasy, oily environment? A mechanic or repairman of some kind.”
He handed her a few tea satchets filled with a spoonful of brown, dried herbs. "If that man had something, some disease, drinking this will keep you from catching it too. Honey helps, but it tastes like shite."
There was a shove on his back and John flew out of the crowd and into Sherlock's arms. The detective had tears in his eyes and he planted a kiss on John's mouth. John kissed back, delighted and thrilled. He dipped Sherlock towards the grass and felt his hands clutch in his shirt. A new wave of cheers and hoots erupted from the crowd. John pulled them back up and they broke apart.
He’d gotten out of bed around five and spent most of the morning trying to ignore the urge. He was domming Sherlock for fuck’s sake. There was no way he could sub for anyone. Sure there were clinics and offices where that service was offered, but he didn’t want to. How could he go to some cold office when his sub was here, warm and alive? He didn’t want to indulge that way. He could just take an Equivo but it wouldn’t be the same. Manufactured doses of measured chemistry weren’t the same as the real, pure thing. He sighed quietly. He was spoiled. He was so used to domming Sherlock and the easy way between them that the thought of taking a pill to indulge his other side was depressing and boring. He wanted to kneel down and nuzzle his face into someone’s palm and not make any decisions.
That same morning, Sherlock Holmes was striding up the pavement enroute to a crime scene. Lestrade had texted him while he was at Bart’s, and the detective packed up and left, pacing through the busy midday crowds of the city. The day was sunny and cool and the streets were filled with lunch-goers and tourists. He had to sidestep a gaggle of cheerful medical students decked out in hospital scrubs and an image of John swam into his mind’s eye. John, the dom who had wrapped his elbow and bandaged his scraped arm (both feeling much better now). Sherlock scowled and kept walking. All of these sodding feelings bobbed to the surface when he thought of the warm doctor and he hated it. He didn’t know how to begin unraveling the Gordian Knot that was his opinion of John Watson. Despite trying to drown and ignore the bloody sentiment of it all (and failing amazingly), he’d only managed to parse out that the idea of John Watson remaining in his life was not unappealing. That was fact. After that, it got much more nebulous. He had no idea how to react or what the next step could be, since he had never experienced anything like this before. No one, save Seb, ever really paid much attention to him before. He was always the freak. The weirdo. Someone to be avoided. Seb was still too fresh in his mind, and he didn’t want to go faffing around with a new dom who would push him into bed. Doms were bad enough, but military doms? Sherlock made a face and ducked under the police tape and entered the flat complex. He didn’t have time to be mucking around with doms. He had a crime to solve.
A month later, Sherlock was just about completely healed. His angry crimson cuts faded to pink lines and then the smallest of them disappeared. Sherlock was so fair skinned that the faint scars would take a long time to dissolve but until then, he was back to his charming self. John came home from his shift at the clinic to find his fiance pacing in and out of the sitting room, his red dressing gown flapping around him like disgruntled wings. The stench of vinegar and old shoe leather made John wrinkle his nose.
“Good.” John rubbed his thighs, smoothing the sting away. “That’ll do, Mister Holmes.” He patted his waist, sweat-soaked through the shirt. “Dismissed.” He said. Sherlock panted and John stroked his back and hip.
“Oh!” The detective grabbed his dom’s shoulders and held on, squirming and hissing as the tender flesh was licked and sucked. John nibbled and he yipped.
“Not completely. Brace yourself.” John tugged the dangling end of chain and smiled as Sherlock’s arms went up, stretched up towards the ceiling. His ribs and belly and back were exposed and John saw him glance curiously up at the chain holding him. His feet were flat and John didn’t like that. He tugged some more until Sherlock was on the balls of his feet.
Sherlock looked him over and glanced and the name tag on his dark apron that he had clearly personally decorated. His name—Callum—was in big letters, and underneath it was a small sticker bearing an image.
"Have you though?" John put his empty glass on the table and leaned forward to see him in the kitchen. "Really?"
John caught his gaze in the mirror and winked and Sherlock smiled around his toothbrush before spitting and rinsing in the sink. They made breakfast together. John didn’t know where everything was in the kitchen, and Sherlock gathered items as requested for him to cook. With both of them working on the meal, it was done quickly and they were soon sitting at the desk in the sitting room with cups of coffee and plates of food. John took another headache pill and tucked in hungrily, making happy noises about the eggs and tomatoes.
Headmaster Watson crossed his arms, looking pissed off. “I’m getting sick of this snotty attitude, Holmes. Keep it up and you’ll walk out of here with a sore, well smacked bottom.”
She sat across from him at the table and got a good look at his face as he stared listlessly at the slice of brown cake on the plate. His eyes were puffy and red. His curls were lanky with grease and he had a bit of a funk about him. He looked liked he'd aged ten years in a week.
"John!" She came over to his pallet and sat on the edge of it. Her hair was damp from being washed and it hung stringy over her shoulders. "Need help?"
John wondered. She held something in her small hands and quickly set it down in front of him. A cup of water. He reached for it, eager to rinse the blood out of his mouth. She turned and hurried off and then returned with a thin blanket. She unfolded it and threw it over his exposed, aching body.
“Because if she’s not there, you’re going to break and enter—don’t deny it, Lestrade told me about you. And if Wheeler is there, she’ll likely be in Defense since her sub just died. And I doubt she’s taken any suppressants.”
“Sherlock Holmes requires a certain touch, Doctor Watson, one that his former dominant was unable to provide. I suspect you’ll grow bored or irritated with him soon enough, but before that inevitably happens, I’m going to offer you a rather large sum of money if you keep me informed of his goings-on.”
He grabbed the ointment and applied it generously, gently wriggling a finger in to check for internal damage. He didn’t feel anything, and he didn’t think there would be. Good. He pulled out and without thinking, he rubbed his thumb across his sub’s balls and his palm up and down his cock. Sherlock gasped and John froze.
“I feel like I’m going to explode.” John told him. He stretched his arms forward and rested on his elbows and found Sherlock’s hands in the pillow. The detective hummed happily and stroked the top of John’s hand with his thumb. John kissed his shoulders and scruff as he drew out and slid back in, slow at first, then faster and faster as he muttered sweet things in his sub’s ear. He angled himself and nudged his prostate and Sherlock made a high pitched gasping sound, one John hadn’t heard before, and arched his back to ask for more. John gave him more. He rocked his hips, fucking him with fast, shallow thrusts, delighting as Sherlock scrabbled underneath him. The sub reached between his legs to grab his own cock.
Sherlock happily donned gloves and leaned over the corpse, immediately tuning out the rest of the world.
They got back to the flat a few hours later, just as it was starting to rain. The sun had long since set, and John was glad he didn’t have to go in to work until eleven the next morning. It was getting late.
Sherlock smiled at the note and slipped a hand back to his bum. Oh, he was sore. He rubbed fingers over the skin and hissed. They’d fallen asleep really fast last night and Sherlock fancied he could still feel subspace edging around his mind. He didn’t like being in subspace alone. He wanted John.
Sherlock did. He leaned forward and licked a stripe up his dom’s cock and John hummed in pleasure. He picked up the crop and smoothed the flat tip up and down over Sherlock’s back and hip. He grunted and sucked him down, getting all the way to the base and bobbing up and down.
Betsy got closer to the wall and stared at the victim’s photos and the scrawled notes. “Huh, was one of the victims a chef?”
John chuckled and they both slowly stood up, wincing and groaning and grabbing furniture for support.
“Here.” John sliced a few bits of sausage and held the full fork out. Sherlock delicately pulled the food off and chewed it and John rubbed his fingers through his hair. Sherlock hummed in pleasure. John gave him some beans, then the toast. He shoveled some more into his own mouth and then made another bite for his sub. “Have some coffee, love.” John held the cup steady towards him and Sherlock sipped.
John nodded and got dressed himself in dark jeans and a checkered shirt and a brown cardigan and the detective followed him down the two flights of steps and out the front door. It was crowded in the little cafe and Sherlock stood very close behind his dom as they waited in line and read the big menu posted on the wall.
“I know how he is.” Greg sipped his coffee. He seemed unperturbed, but John knew the comments must have stung.
A serial killer, a footrace through the city, and that diabolical chess game with the little white pills. Sherlock was smiling as he slid out of his coat in 221B and hung it on the door. He caught sight of the clock—half eleven. No matter. It wasn’t too late for food. He was starving. He was always hungry post-case and usually he would eat his weight in whatever was laying around the flat before sleeping it off and spending the next day alone in his mind palace. Tonight though, would be different. A new feature was present tonight, and said new feature followed him into the flat, setting the bag of Chinese food on the counter. Sherlock stood there for a moment, listening to the noises in the kitchen and feeling buzzy and happy with the adrenaline rush that always came from solving a case.
“You will apologize to Mike and Betsy for ditching the meal they so graciously provided for us. What else?” John asked. He patted Sherlock’s bare thigh.
“Rotten luck, Doc.” Ed, a hard-muscled murderer, pushed John’s shoulder as they filed into the baths. “I had him once. Likes it rough.”
"Yes." John smoothed his hand over the coat in the pretense of eliminating wrinkles. Really he just wanted to feel the fine wool material. It was lined with soft minky black fur at the collar. The fabric was thick and when Sherlock wore it, it would fall below his knees. John was sure Sherlock was never cold when he wore this.
"We got other buyers. You ain't the only one." Dee pulled the necklace out of the light and lifted her chin, looking him blazingly in the eye despite her five foot four height. The real reason he was in this dank and dingy rathole warehouse at all was so that he could talk to Dee. Her older sister, a smart submissive named Mel, had rang 221's doorbell a week ago with a case….
“Perfect.” John stood up, a big smile on his face. He rubbed his jaw. “Take your clothes off.” He commanded. “All of them.”
The Spider got the spear and Shan escaped, but Sherlock was surprised to find he didn’t really care. He had just seen his dom bleeding and unconscious and tied to a chair, inches from death and for the first time ever, the case wasn’t the first thing on his mind.
She gestured to the black and white image of the curling team. “Aside from professional athletes, no one else in their right mind would wear trousers like that unless they were training to be a cook. I should know,” she rolled her eyes, “I have a couple pairs of chef trousers myself.”
? He really, really hoped so. One day, anyway. The element of ‘public’ appealed to his exhibitionist side and pushed his buttons the way nothing done in the private safety of the bedroom did. John tightened his grip on the paper cup and sipped.
“John?” Sherlock blinked at him and came closer. He took his hands, looking concerned. “Was it the sushi?”
“Once.” He said. “For the longest time I thought I was a submissive. When I first started getting those feelings in school, there was a dominant girl that I had a crush on.” Sherlock heard the smile in his voice. “She was lovely. I knelt for her in her bedroom on our third day of summer break when we were both fifteen or so. We looked into each other’s eyes. And then she let me look up her skirt.”
"If you were mine, you'd be meat." He hissed at the prancing animal. He braced his hands in the muck and shifted forward. His right hand slid out from under him, causing him to slide backwards to his elbows in the slippery mud. The moment he did, he heard a faint whistle and an arrow, long and heavy, slammed into the tree directly in line with where his head had been less than a second before. The shaft vibrated and quivered. He stared at it, shocked for a moment, before dropping flat on his back, sheltering behind the mossy log. He stared at the arrow lodged deep in the tree above him, his shocked heart pounding, deducing and taking in facts.
"Not as such." Sherlock snapped the notebook closed. His phone vibrated with Mycroft's name across the screen. Sherlock made a face and shoved the phone deep into the chair.
John took pity on his flatmate. "Look, wear it for a bit, I'll get some photos to send to Greg, and then just put on your normal clothes."
"How much it gets rattled about. We dropped this box down the stairs last year after it slipped out of your grip and fell on my foot."
He put his fingers together, nearly ready to snap, but paused. It was still okay. A little part of him was morbidly curious to see how this would all turn out. “I think these,”
John put the bag away in the bedroom and rooted through the piles of recent post, whistling. He’d meant to grab the coupon before they left but had completely forgotten. Good thing the restaurant was so close. He shuffled through junk and bills, finally finding a group of discount leaflets.
“That’s between me and him.” John stayed firm. “You can look ghoulish in the corner over there all you want, but there’s no need for you to know details.” John looked out the window. He had no idea where they were.
Molly got on the bus and saw them sitting beside each other. Sherlock was laughing. She glanced around and saw Greg sitting by himself a few seats in front of them, looking out the window. She plopped down beside him.
Sherlock opened his eyes. The King of Britannia looked almost as exhausted as him. Dark smudges hung under his eyes and his hair was mussed from scraping his hands through it. Sherlock looked away, feeling a touch of shame. Something sticky was on his chest and he peered under the sheet covering his body. Leeches. Two fat black slugs anchored to his skin, suckling like he was a bag of milk. He made a face and dropped the sheet down.
"Arse." John said fondly. They stood and wrapped their arms around each other's back. The snow was falling softly outside and their footsteps crunched on the pavement as they walked back to Baker Street.
John dug some more and slapped the lid back on the box. "Grab one end, yeah? I'm going to look at this upstairs."
"I won't sugarcoat it." She said, looking at him. She had kind eyes. "You're a slave now. We all are. You do what the attendants‒all those bald ones‒tell you, and then you do what the guests tell you. It's best you don't refuse anything they ask or else they'll complain. If guests complain about you, you get beaten. Remember that." She paused and swallowed before continuing, her tone a bit brighter now.
Her tone made it sound like Buck had started plenty of fights in here and had simply received what they had coming to them. No one was going to their aid. John accepted the compress and pressed it onto his arm, wondering just how bad this was all going to get.
John tossed the bag in the sink and sipped the tea. He was acting like a child who wanted attention from a parent. Fine, Sherlock wanted a reaction? He’d damn well get one. He set the mug down and paced into the sitting room.
Sherlock was at the table the next afternoon, typing up another entry in his journal. His fingers were barely able to keep up with the flow of information and data spewing from his brain as he graphed his blood test results from the sample taken after the bondage session and compared the data to previous experiences with Seb. The blood chemistry varied greatly. His time spent with John in bondage starkly contrasted with the data he’d gathered after Seb had fucked him into the mattress. His time with John yielded higher levels of oxytocin, which was integral to the bonding process. Endorphin levels had been high and he wasn’t surprised at that. That was likely the cause of John nibbling on his chest for a bit. Sherlock grinned at the screen as he detailed serotonin and dopamine readings too.
John knocked on Greg’s office door. He was at his desk surrounded by a tiny mountain range of papers and folders and a paper cup of coffee. A phone was tucked against his ear and he beckoned them both inside. John had Sherlock’s leash looped around his wrist and they each sat in the visitor’s chairs, waiting patiently for Greg to finish his call. Sherlock’s knee bounced up and down.
“He’s a submissive.” John said, a smile coming onto his face as he thought of Sherlock. “He’s brilliant. In every sense.”
“I’m Detective Inspector Lestrade,” Greg showed his ID and Blair glanced down at it, still tense and keyed up. John stepped in front of Sherlock, guarding his sub from the other dom and Blair zeroed in on him. She was a good four inches shorter than John, but looks could be deceiving—especially in Defensive dominants. She put her hands on her hips and tilted her head to the side. John stepped his legs apart and crossed his arms, staring right back down at her.
The bright blue tarp stood out on the grey flat dock like a lighthouse in the night and the body lying on it was waterlogged and bloated beyond comprehension. Lestrade and Donovan looked a bit ill and even John hid a grimace before he approached the corpse. Sherlock, of course, was fine with it and crouched beside the decayed head and started examining like it was something he dealt with every morning. The boat’s crew was hanging back, murmuring to each other and not bothering to disguise their looks of disgust and horror.
"Mycroft is making me go to Hibern with him." He grumped. He settled back in his chair, legs out straight in front of him. The blanket was soft on his bare shoulders and the fire was warm. He was starting to feel better, sleepy with food in his stomach.
him.” Mycroft sneered. There was a barely controlled heat behind his eyes. “I will make the rest of your existence…unpleasant.”
“Harder.” He growled, adjusting his hands on the mantle and stepping his feet up and down. To his dismay, the crop fell away. Silence. Sherlock looked up, peering over his shoulder. John was glaring at him with one brow raised. Sherlock gulped at the steely expression on his face. Even though he was naked, the dominance wasn’t diminished in the slightest. His features seemed harder somehow, the lines of his lips firm and his jaw tight. His eyes were dark in the fading light from outside.
"He was being so blatant!" John said, defensive. "He was undressing you with his eyes and if anyone's going to be doing any undressing of you it's going to be me. No one else."
“Oh for heaven’s sake, John isn’t going to do anything and I don’t want to see him. I’m done with him. Forever.”
Guests started trickling out around midnight, piled with bags of food. Even still there was enough left to feed a football team.
“What would you like?” John asked him, waving back. Sherlock slipped their hands together. He would just touch and follow him until John got so tired of him that he tied him up in the corner. That would be excellent.
terrifying. Without the pills, pieces of Logan’s body probably would have been flying across the room. He smiled.
John looked at the screen. “Thirty six point nine, very good.” John popped off the nub and binned it. “Last thing, let me feel your glands.”
“A few of the guys in the garage are doms, but there’s other subs too. Do you think he was cheating?!”
He boiled water and Sherlock watched in silence as he poured it over a tea bag and added sugar. He drank it and closed his eyes in enjoyment.
"Hm? Oh. My third best equipment." He sounded regretful, as if the equipment had wronged him. "I was trying to decipher what this is." He gestured to the arrow head, sitting on the table on a piece of muslin. "You're a native Hibernian and a healer to boot. What can you tell me? Are there are any poisons commonly used on weaponry? Any unusual materials weapons are made of? Anything that may be native or non-native? Something you've come across before when you treated people or something the highwaymen used?"
Mycroft simply handed his brother a long, creamy white envelope. He opened it, frowning, and pulled out the two pieces of paper inside. John’s mouth dropped.
Everyone even vaguely related to Jazz and his dom had been interviewed and picked apart but the stories stayed the same. No one knew who had killed Jazz or why. Lestrade was tearing his hair out and last time John had seen him, he’d looked like he hadn’t slept in about forty years. John was finishing off his ravioli when Sherlock’s phone beeped.
The receiving room he'd entered was filled with engraved furniture and luxuriant sofas and chairs. There was one window in the far wall, covered with green velvet drapes to keep the cold air out. It wasn't working. Every place in Chilgrave was cold.
wasn’t! He didn’t want another crap dom in his life to push him around. To hurt him. To call him names and keep him from doing his cases just because he could. What had Betsy and Mike called it? They had said Seb was manipulative. That was the word they used. When Sherlock told Betsy how Seb would blame him for his bad days at work, or claim that anything that went wrong around the flat was Sherlock’s fault, they said it was manipulation but Sherlock wasn’t sure. Seb was mercurial at best, even on good days…
“Hold still.” John told him. “Back straight and don’t huff or sigh anymore. Tell me, why are you over there?”
John blinked a few times and made some noises that were almost but not quite words. He looked away, suddenly embarrassed by the way he had behaved yesterday. Had he really thrown a man into traffic?
He was far too weak to make it to the door. His head pounded and the table he was braced on blurred and tilted around at crazy angles. He gripped the wood harder and tried to gain his balance. He couldn’t even estimate how much blood he’d lost or how much he still had to go before his body just gave up and died.
The man gave him a prim smile and opened the file. “‘Wounded in action. Honorable discharge,’ it says here.”
“Actually he asked me to move in.” John told him, enjoying the surprised look crossing his face. “I said yes.”
"John." She said. "Come with me. I'll get you settled in." She took his freezing hand in her warm one and lead him back to the little alcove with the brazier. He watched her reach into a chest and pull out a white loincloth. Her long hair was pulled into a ponytail and tied with a cheerful yellow ribbon. Her feet were bare.
"Stitches?" Sherlock asked. He winced as John eased the star out of his flesh and put it in the sink. The shop manager assured him they didn't want it back and they graciously did not make him pay for it. They even threw in a gift certificate and a basket of fruit and chocolate, so grateful were they that the famous Holmes and Watson duo and graced their place of business and drummed up publicity.
Sherlock took another breath—how could he ever have thought breathing was boring?—and looked at the door.
John told it to shut the hell up. “Call me if you need anything.” He said. “Take care of that cut—put more cream on there after bathing. Change the dressings twice a day and in a few days you can leave the bandage off at night.”
"Just sleep." John murmured. "We don't have to get out of bed for the next two days if you don't want to."
“Good…settle.” John’s hand fell away and the cool flat tip of the crop came to rest on his left scapula. It tickled as it it trailed over to his other shoulder, then down, grazing over each rib and ghosting across the tops of his bum cheeks, right above his crack. Sherlock licked his lips, closing his eyes as his mind spiraled down and down, the technicolor incandescent lights of power and thought dimming and slowing down to a fuzzy, greyscale hum.
“This Thursday night? I’ll text him now.” Mike picked up his phone and dashed off a text, to John’s delight. “Maybe I can coax him out to a pub or something—oh dammit.” Mike put his phone down, looking dejected.
"Oh, no, I am so sorry!" John said, horrified. "I thought you were someone else. I didn't mean to--"
“That’s nice.” Mycroft smiled. “Congratulations. It’s a big step. Though you two do seem very…compatible.” He eyed the crop pointedly.
He hummed and rested his head back on the pillow. Everything felt sort of thick inside his skull, dulled by morphine. He looked at John slumbering beside him in a Tshirt and sweatpant bottoms, his head tucked down into the crook of Sherlock’s neck. The bed was wider than a typical hospital bed. It was designed with couples in mind. Sherlock smiled.
"I tussled with one of their people and fell down a flight of steps." He didn’t want to include all the details. No reason for John to know he'd had a gun pointed in his face. "It's not bad." He lied.
They dried off and put dressing gowns on. Sherlock picked up his collar, feeling the soft leather and lining. The buckled was cool under his fingers and he glanced up at John, standing at the mirror in the wardrobe and scraping fingers through his wet hair in an attempt to get it to look decent. Sherlock went over to him and held it out. John turned around and smiled, taking it. Sherlock bent his head and John latched it on.
It hit him like a rhinoceros galloping headlong into a brick wall. John. The case. The dead cabbie. Had he and John
He glanced back at John and the dom stared back, squeezing his cock. Sherlock gave him a sly grin and then caught his eyes in the mirror. “Yes, John.” He said. “I understand.” He wiggled his bum and John snickered. He stepped back again and continued the same stinging light smacks until the entirety of the backs of Sherlock’s thighs were pink and sensitive. John admired his handiwork. Sherlock was trembling, clutching the mantle. Rivulets of sweat trickled down his sides and his hair was damp with it, sticking to his neck in dark coils. He could smell the sub’s arousal and the potent chemical composition of a sub in the throes of his submission. It was a beautiful scent that went right to John’s brain, making him itch to fuck the backside in front of him.
” He smiled, trying to look encouraging. “Basics. We’ve been kind of just feeling each other out, but we could do more—kneeling, cuddling, maybe I could give you some orders—”
“Betsy is coming by to help Mrs. Hudson. They’re finally going to meet.” John took a bite of bacon. “I told them they didn’t have to cook, but you know.”
“Almost died.” Sherlock managed. His chest got tight and and he pulled John closer, inhaling his scent and sighing.
"Won't be doing any heavy lifting for a while with this." He watched John clean the skin and jab him full of medicine.
“I don’t think so.” John muttered. Sherlock didn’t hear him. He didn’t deserve tea, the rude arse. He could stand in the corner as far as John was concerned. In fact, that sounded like a pretty good punishment for a rude submissive.
Mike, a father of three, saw the problem right away: Sherlock was bored silly. His energy, boundless even for someone his age, had no focus. He hated wearing his fine clothes, he threw his crown across the room, he couldn’t sit still (Mike had politely told Sherlock’s parents that this was typical of a small boy but they’d insisted Sherlock must be different because he was royal. Mike was too smart to argue.) Sherlock was too young to wander on his own and expend his energy on the grounds. He hated every governess. Mrs. Hudson managed to distract him for a time with stories and games and while that calmed him, he was still a bundle of nerves and inertia. Mike had sat down with Sherlock and in the end it hadn’t taken very long to discover what would appeal to him.
Sherlock shrugged, pleased. "I observed. I looked at you, at your posture. I listened to your tone of voice. Simple."
“Jenkins said,” John began, “that he was picked up in Ferndale. He was walking along the road and could see by moonlight.”
John sat up and scrubbed his hand through his hair. It sounded a lot like Jim had known some people who knew something about him, something possibly very major. Jim had said,
"You wanted me alive so you could torture me." John said, holding his ground. "Make me live with their deaths."
John made fists and regarded his whiny submissive who was currently throwing the Sherlock version of a temper tantrum. “Sherlock.”
“He also,” Jenkins gulped, “he was also saying how he was going to save me, how by killing me it would save my dom trouble.” He glanced up at Blair and the dom was looking down on him tenderly. Jenkins continued. “I asked him what he meant, and he told me to be quiet and just accept what he was doing, and that it wouldn’t hurt much and would be over soon.”
John went. Sherlock followed. John dropped to the center cushion and Sherlock straddled him and their lips crushed in a kiss. John grinned unabashed. This was good. This felt right. He stroked Sherlock’s back, noting immediately that the sub was much more confident that he had been last time they did this. Sherlock cupped the sides of his neck, fighting him for control of the kiss. John snickered to himself.
"Holy shit." Greg blinked at the vivid violet and blue marks. The left side of his back was stained from hip to scapula.
The next morning at work, John called in a couple favors and by the end of the day managed to procure a vial of blood contaminated with black plague. He’d thought about it, and decided Sherlock might like it to play with, given how he liked to experiment and apparently collect limbs in towels. He’d appreciate it, right? He nestled the glass vial in a cooler with ice packs and locked it up, then bit his lip and stared at it. Was it too much? It was pretty weird. But then Sherlock was hardly normal. John was suddenly having second thoughts about this whole thing. He pulled his phone out and texted Mike.
Across the aisle, Greg and Molly were also on a short break, sipping bottles of water and allowing their respective doughs to rise.
John smiled his special little smile that Sherlock knew meant ‘danger’. He had seen flashes of it at Coel’s when John was in Defense. For a single second, Sherlock almost felt bad for Seb. Almost. Then he remembered what Seb would do to him. How he called him names and made him feel worthless. He stepped back as John roared and punched the man hard across the face.
The savory smells of food had been drifting up the steps all day and John's stomach was getting curious. He might need to do some investigating of his own. Maybe she needed a hand in the kitchen?
"I can't believe you made a bet on who'd win that football game--against his favorite team no less!"
"The kneeling doesn't aggravate my back." Sherlock turned away from him and rolled his rounded shoulders. "The
“I don’t mind, loves.” She said, sweeping some crumbs off the counter and into her palm before dusting them into the bin. “I was doing a load anyway.”
John, Bill, and the rest of the team of highwaymen outside had received intel that a royal payroll carriage was coming through these woods. It would likely be armed to the teeth but if they could pull off the raid and rob it, it would be a glorious payday. Not to mention it would infuriate King Moriarty something awful. They'd successfully pulled off over a dozen carriage robberies‒two of them payroll loads and thus filled with money‒since John had been made Captain of this particular faction of highwaymen in the northeast territory.
John cupped his cock again and it stiffened a bit more but was still far from a full erection. “This takes a while.” He noted. He stroked it languidly and the sub stepped his feet apart.
“I’m glad you feel that way. I love you too. I love you more than anything Sherlock. That’s why we’re doing this.”
Sherlock went to the wardrobe and knelt down, pulling the box into the light. He rummaged a moment and found a black blindfold and the red rope. He went back to him and took his hand, kissing the back of it. “With me.”
“Good boy.” John rested his butt on the desk and watched his sub pull his cock out of the soft fabric and give it a long lick. “Mmm,” John smirked as Sherlock bobbed and sucked and licked. He sighed in pleasure and twisted his fingers in Sherlock’s hair.
It was tempting to cut him off, but Sherlock was curious. Doms didn’t apologize to him very often and the feeling was somewhat novel.
"Don’t know. Buy Mrs. Hudson a nice Christmas gift. She puts up with all of our nonsense and she should get something good."
“Sorry about that.” John said, running the pad of this thumb over a mark on his wrist. “You stayed calm though, that was good.”
“I know. I wanted to, but then so much time passed. He stopped sending them for a bit and I thought he was done, but then…”
Sherlock groaned again but stretched his legs and rolled onto his belly. "There we go, it'll be cold." Lestrade placed the ice and Sherlock shifted, grunting at the temperature change. Greg threw the sage blanket over him. He hoped the ice packs wouldn't break in the night and get Sherlock and his mattress all wet. "Alright?" He asked.
to rile him up? He remembered the sofa incident and chaining up his ankles. Sherlock had provoked that punishment, was he trying to get more? Was he really
Switches were obviously different. John wasn’t hard set into one single dynamic the way he was. He hadn’t anticipated that John would possibly want to sub while they were together. And sub for who? Did he have a dom? He didn’t like the thought of that at all. Could he take care of it himself with some self bondage? Sherlock knew all about techniques to indulge one’s dynamic alone. He wondered if he could help John, or give him some pointers.Or even…he could try. He could try domming. Would John accept? Would he get upset Sherlock was even offering? He worried at his lip and carefully got out of bed, leaving and closing the door gently.
“The scene was a mistake, and this was only our first real fight. I’m amazed we’ve gotten on as well as we have.” Sherlock looked down. “People don’t usually get along with me.”
“Oh, oh God…” Sherlock grabbed John’s hair as pleasure jolted through his hips in sparkling waves. “I didn’t plan on this, darling.” He said. “I would have cleaned myself…”
John stood up fifteen minutes later and closed his computer with a sigh. “Alright. I’ll put you in bondage and then we can go.”
“Oh fuck…” John wailed into the pillow. Sherlock rubbed his trapezius muscles and then swept his hands back down, repeating the motion. He found the tiny rhomboids with his thumbs and worked those open. “We’re doing this more often.” John declared. “You’ve been holding this back.”
The morning dragged on until Sherlock regretfully told John he had a meeting to attend. John was loath to leave but he did so without fuss (and he was proud of himself for that). He left the guest suite and shut the door behind.
"I think they fancy each other." Her voice was a whisper. The driver boarded the bus and cranked the engine on. They pulled out onto the main road to head back to London.
Sherlock had forgotten this was supposed to be a ‘punishment.’ He obeyed and went to face the corner behind the red chair. John sauntered into the room and sat at his laptop. He had an eye on the time. They still had a little bit before they had to leave.
They went out to the sitting room and John threw himself onto the cushions. Sherlock straddled his lap and they kissed sweetly, cupping necks and touching chests and hips. This was much better. John was all quiet and zoned out and Sherlock wanted to encourage the old dominant John out. Already he seemed more himself than he had before his shower. It seemed all the physical contact was helping. Sherlock growled and reached down and fondled his dom’s crotch. He slipped his tongue into his mouth and felt John grin.
Please come as soon as possible Mr. Holmes. I have enough money to get you on a six am flight tomorrow morning.
John stepped into the hallway in 221B. Rather, the wind blew him practically into the stairs. It was a crap evening on top of a crap shift. He'd been thrown up on three times and people had been short with him all day. The rain had started up in the afternoon and by evening, had turned to icy sleet, the kind that shot through every layer of clothing he wore and stabbed needles into his face and hands. He was damp and cold and hungry. He left his wet jacket hanging by door and gingerly peeled his shoes off his feet. He'd bring them up later to dry out by the fire. He trudged up the steps in his socks and scrubbed a hand through his hair. Thank the heavens he'd a woolly hat in his desk at work or his ears would be aching with numb redness.
"So this cable has experienced a great deal of disturbance." Sherlock reached for a pen. "There's a formula that shows exactly how‒"
“You can always say no.” John told him quietly. “I enjoy sex. I like making you feel good but if you didn’t want to, we wouldn’t have to.”
Mycroft sighed. "Beyond babysitting you, the Britannian forces on the Hibern west coast aren't quite up to snuff. Apparently." Mycroft said, regret in his voice. He felt the same way about Jim as Sherlock did, though he was less open in his loathing. "Moriarty isn't pleased with the level of security and he wants more of our men."
“Nope. Called me ‘some cook’ and said their son wasn’t going to marry down. Posh bastards. Anthony wasn’t like that.”
He ran fingers down over the old wound, taking in the faint shine of the burned skin and the wrinkles puckering the scar. Sherlock examined the tissue, his intelligent eyes taking in every tiny fold and crinkle. He leaned down and kissed it gently. John let out a shaky breath as he kissed the wound again. He didn’t like his scar. He didn’t like anyone touching it much. Sherlock touching it was okay though.
“You asked for me?” Sherlock drawled, staring at his Headmaster with a sardonic expression. He kicked the door closed.
They sat in a silence for a few moments. Sherlock fiddled with the polished contraption, staring into the eyepiece and adjusting the height of the little platform. It appeared to be some sort of magnifier. Fascinating. John sipped the liquid and was grateful for Sherlock's patience and kindness. He set the empty cup aside.
Sherlock sucked him deeper, egged on by the praise. John hissed and tightened his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock pulled off. He wrapped his hand around John’s cock and pulled fast and loose. John groaned and clenched his arse cheeks.
"You're going to be naked a lot, John." She said reasonably. "The other concubines will see you, the guards will see you, the guests will see you. The others here are the closest thing you have to friends now.”
The merchant had lost the last two games and his own frustration and drunkenness was working against him. He rubbed his hand over his damp forehead and furrowed his brow at the board. Sherlock was one move away from winning and after this game he was done. He was bored. It was getting late and he was supposed to dine with his brother tomorrow morning. Sherlock swallowed the last of the rotgut liquor with a grimace both at the taste of the stuff and at the thought of eating breakfast with the King of Britannia.
John kissed his nose and Sherlock ran off. He switched on his microscope and opened the utensil drawer, collecting a few scalpels. He grabbed some bottles of chemicals out from under the sink, mumbling to himself all the while about data and hypotheses. John was so delighted he could have exploded. He watched his sub fondly as he threw a pillow over the stool to cushion it and then muttered some more about tissue something or other. John turned away to go back to his book—
John scooted closer to his sub and lifted their clasped hands to place a quick kiss on the back of Sherlock’s. “Tired?” He asked.
John couldn’t hide the smirk on his face when Detective Inspector Lestrade opened the cell and let a stormy Sherlock out into the corridor.
Sherlock opened his eyes and lifted himself into a sitting position. He smiled at John. "Thank you. That was delightful." He stretched like a great lazy cat and looked over John's bare chest with heat in his eyes. He stood and John tried not to stare. Waster glistened over every inch of Sherlock’s bare body. He smoothed his hair from his face and stepped from the tub. He walked the short distance to the shelf in the wall to retrieve a towel. The Prince was stunning. Sherlock rubbed the towel through his hair, completely comfortable being naked in John's presence. John looked at his stomach and his half-stiff cock and heavy bollocks. His thighs were long and lean. Sherlock rubbed the towel over his chest and back. He turned and John bit his lip, unable to keep his eyes off that prize of a plump backside. Sherlock caught his eye and gave him a wicked grin.
“Do you want to eat first? You can choose. My treat.” John said. “And this time there won’t be a nutter after you.”
“Obvious.” Sherlock took John’s hand, turning it over to reveal faint rope marks on his wrist. “I’m familiar with these marks myself.” He said. John swallowed. “And the new bottle of pills makes it clear as well.”
“Yes, yes.” Sherlock held the vial up to the light, grinning devilishly at the dark arterial blood. “How did you get it?”
“No, I mean it! Oh John!” Sherlock whirled around and kissed him and this John was very amenable to.
Mycroft turned his attention again to the concubine. John wasn't looking at him but was staring at Moriarty with hate in his eyes. His hands were clenched into fists on his thighs and his jaw was tight and tense. Mycroft hid a smile behind the rim of his teacup. He didn’t much like the idea of a thief in the palace but maybe this time spent in Jim’s tender care had cured John of his thieving tendencies. Despite the obvious beating John had taken, he had fire yet in him. Good.  He would need fire and a strong spine if he was going to be dealing with Sherlock.
The next few weeks went by and suddenly there were only four bakers remaining: Sherlock, John, Molly, and Mrs. Hudson.
The steps themselves were sparse, as he expected. John read and reread the instructions, forming questions along the way, then set to work.
Sally was Sherlock’s on-and-off guard. She accompanied him on trips and in large crowds but otherwise kept a wide berth. Greg was grateful for Sally’s staunch support of the Prince and her wonderful ability to not take the terrible things he said personally. If she quit Greg would have to find a replacement. He wasn’t sure he’d ever find anyone who could stand Sherlock’s company for more than a few hours.
"Indeed." Mycroft said. "Be that as it may," he rubbed his forehead. "I may need to send more forces should the situation be as dire as he indicated in his letter."
“Oh…oh…” He fell back on the chair and panted. “Fuck yeah, just like that—! Shit…keep going—oh!” His bum clenched and his cock spasmed and he came all over Sherlock’s big warm hands. Sherlock sat on his heels quietly, wincing as his bottom and thighs sang out in pain. A woozy sort of pleasure washed over him and he blinked a few times, his brain humming with quiet peace. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. Subspace. It was back. He was floating again, that easy, lazy meander down the river around his palace. Everything was sunshine and tranquility. His back was aching and the sweat trapped on his thighs and bottom was stinging like mad. Bliss. His cock was still wickedly hard and he hoped John would let him get off too. It would be okay if he didn’t though. He could take care of himself later if he needed to.
“—was a mistake. I told you it meant nothing. It didn’t then and it doesn’t now.” He didn’t know why he was saying it. Last night had hardly been a mistake. His feelings towards John were as knotted as ever and he needed space to sort them. He didn’t want another dom, but the sub in him soared at John’s voice. John’s name. John’s everything. It was terrifying and overwhelming and wonderful and his chest tightened.
“Oh, Sherlock…” He panted. He slowed and went still, clutching Sherlock’s head. “That was great.” He slid back, pulling out of his mouth. “Let me grab a tissue…” He handed one down and Sherlock stared up at him.
John childishly didn't answer. He grabbed his coat, wallet, phone, and keys, and left. The sun was setting and it was cold outside. Dry, hard snow was packed into cracks and corners, dirty and grey. He shivered. A hat would have been a good idea but he wasn't going back up there to get one. He slammed the black door behind and went up the pavement, hands shoved in pockets and mind churning. He walked fast in random directions, burning off his anger, never going too far from the flat, until he came to Regent's Park.
” Sherlock wailed and hung his head back, mouth hanging open and moaning softly as strong fingers rubbed his head.
He gathered himself and popped the tart in the oven, timing it for forty minutes. He had no idea if forty minutes was long enough, but it sounded right to him. He knelt there, staring into the oven.
“Yes, it is a big step.” John said. “Could you also please, in the future, refrain from barging into our flat unannounced?” His voice was flat and chilly. “And I don’t know why on earth you think it’s even remotely appropriate to just walk into someone’s bedroom in the morning—but I expect this will be the last time you ever take that particular liberty unless you’re
“Yes, John.” Sherlock went to the kitchen and John stalked towards the bedroom. His submissive side was content and humming peacefully and it was easy to set that part of himself aside and let the dominance roar. He got his box and selected a fat black plug, some fleece lined black leather cuffs, a small, breathable ball gag, and a short length of thin sparkly chain. He also grabbed a thin coiled leather rope and the crop and a flannel and brought it all out to the sitting room. He set it on the table and grabbed the lube they kept in there. Sherlock was kneeling by the fire, getting the kindling hot and strong. A glass of water was on the table and John drank it all.
“What are you doing, love?” John asked, coming up behind him and resting a hand on his shoulder. Sherlock slammed the laptop lid down.
“You were passed out on a pile of books when I got home from my shift.” John said with a raised brow.
distressed and he didn't quite know what to do with that feeling. He wanted to spirit John away from this awful place with its awful people but he knew he couldn't. Jim would never give John up.
. He closed the drawer seconds before Vincent came back in the room with a bottle of water and a tumbler of whiskey.
"I'm sure any of these fine people would be happy to play you, especially now that we all know your weaknesses as an opponent." Sherlock smiled and a few people in the crowd laughed. He slipped the full bag into a pocket inside his rumpled jacket and drew his ratty cloak up on his shoulders.
Sherlock slid his eyes to John, giving him a look that screamed, ‘get serious.’ “I didn't know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. A dominant then, no surprise there. Your face is tanned, but no tan above the wrists - you've been abroad but not sunbathing. The limp's really bad when you walk, but you don't ask for a chair when you stand, like you've forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That suggests the original circumstances of the injury were probably traumatic - wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan - Afghanistan or Iraq.”
“Leave it for tomorrow.” Sherlock told him, closing the pocket doors so they wouldn’t have to see it.
“Look at you.” John murmured. Sherlock looked away, a pink flush blooming up his throat. His body was beautiful. He looked like a skinny lanky sod in those suits he wore, but in the flickering firelight John was pleasantly surprised to see there was a fair bit of muscle on him too. He stepped forward and kissed him gently, then grabbed his biceps and pushed him down on the sofa. Sherlock yelped and landed on the pillows, breathing fast, clutching the cushions tight, one leg on the floor and the other bent up on the couch. He stared up at John, his eyes bright and focused and his cock twitching vaguely in interest.
“Experiment my foot, John Watson.” She muttered, closing the door. “You two aren’t the only ones who have engineered clamps from everyday objects.” She tossed the bag back in the drawer and went back to the telly and her knitting needles, counting out stitches on the powder blue yarn.
boring, run of the mill stuff. He finished the tiramisu and scraped the bits of cream and crumbs onto his fork to lick clean.
Six am? Sherlock looked at the time in the corner of the screen. It was pushing nine already and John was spending the night…Sherlock chewed the inside of his cheek. Would John let him go? He had more or less begged the doctor to spend the night and here he was considering buggering off early. But it was a case! He drummed his fingers on the desk. John would be okay with it, right? He’d gone on a case with Lestrade once, years ago, to Bristol. Seb had been less than pleased with his sub’s leaving to go off for days and days with a group of doms. He’d called Sherlock a few choice names that he’d ignored. He’d gone anyway, as much to solve the case as to spite Seb.
"Oh why not. I'll be stuck here for a lifetime, I'm sure." Sherlock flopped back down on the mattress.
“No, no.” John pinched the sensitive skin inside his thigh and Sherlock squeaked. The sudden sharp, unpleasant pain washed away the arousal and John tied his flaccid cock down. “There.” John tied it off. “Walk around, see it if chafes.”
Perhaps he could just make himself readily available sexually. John liked sex. A lot. He was already available though. He enjoyed having sex with John and he already let the doctor do all kinds of things to him.
"I'll take all the help I can get." He smiled gratefully up at her. He was glad of her help and he was more glad of her company.
“Good evening, gentlemen.” The brunette hostess was behind a black podium and she smiled genially at them. Sherlock sized her up.
Sherlock panted into the mattress and John could see his sides heaving. His bottom was like a tomato in the center of the bed. “I,” he began, “snuck away from dinner.”
“So fucking gorgeous.” The doctor smoothed his hands over the warm soft skin of his hips and pressed some loud tickling kisses to his neck. Sherlock giggled, actually
“Oh good Lord.” Mycroft strolled back into the room, tapping on his phone. He rolled his eyes at the sight of them.
Three days after seeing John off to the airport, Sherlock had located Deandra Gerin-Lajoie. That she was caught up in this kind of thievery nonsense was something of a pleasant surprise and bumped the case from a rather dull 4 to a satisfying 6. He wanted to make absolutely sure this thief
“Up on the bed, love. Grab the headboard.” He moved his box to the floor and Sherlock jumped up. He lay carefully on his back in the pillows and put his arms over his head, holding tight to the wooden board. He spread his legs. John tugged off all his clothes and knelt up on the bed between his legs with the rope and some lube. John stared down at his submissive, his eyes warm with love. Sherlock raised an eyebrow and wiggled his hips. “Well, Captain Watson. You have me at your mercy.”
he asked as he put the kettle on and moved back to John. He sat down on his chair, hoping that John would sit down along with him.
he smirked, placing the plate in front of John. He quickly put the other egg on his toast and sat down at the table with the two of them.
Sherlock couldn't help but stare at John. He looked so good. Every part of him was perfect, according to Sherlock. Sherlock gasped as he was thrown out of his thoughts when he felt John's grip on his right arm. He stumbled a little as he followed John and let himself be thrown on the bed. He rutted against the bed once, shivering at the friction it gave him. It was harsh, but it also felt so very good against him.
John growled and drowned his drink then threw some money on the counter before leaving the bar with a series of snarls and murmurs.
Since nothing could muffle his whimpers or moans anymore he just let them go and nodded sharply with his head. Not trusting his voice.
As he reached 221 B he heard a weird woman voice giving weird instructions. Wait Yoga instructions. A case maybe.
He said and went up to his room before digging out the box and opened it. Taking out the uniform before beginning to change into it.
John sneered and he slowly pushed his finger in, steady and without stopping deep to the hilt into Sherlock's ass. He waited a few seconds and then began to piston it out and back in slowly and steady. Then he retreaded and pushed with two fingers of his left hand at the slightly stretched hole. John pushed both inside like the first. All in one go and deep inside and a small break afterwards. This time he didn't draw his fingers out but twisted them and pushed them without trouble directly on Sherlocks prostate.
Sherlock was still trying to calm down his breathing and blushed at the pet name. Even after John was asleep for two hours Sherlock couldn't rest his mind now clear as glass didn't let his thoughts stop. His leg was cramping and his ass hurt and he winced as he tried to rearrage himself with John using 80% of the bed. His head hurt now too and he started to hyperventilate before he calmed himself down again enough to look at a soundless sleeping flatmate. Suddenly his mind cleared as his brain decided to deal with his tomorrow and enjoy the few hours he had together with John. Sleepiness hit him like a freight train.
He loved when John surprised him- sure, it had startled him, but his hands gripping onto his hips and teasing at him... it had been amazing.
Sherlock moaned loudly as John's hips pressed against his, and he hadn't actually expected to find John hard against him, which just made him moan more. The administrations to his neck and jaw made Sherlock's knees buckle and he moaned loudly, rocking his hips just a bit against John's. He gasped at the sound of the buttons of his shirt falling to the ground and rolling away. He wrapped his arms around John's neck as he groaned softly.
John hummend and let his finger circle his prostate but not the knot of nerves them self. He heard Sherlock whimper again and John grinned darkly beforelating his two fingers out to push in three. Slowly back and forewands, and abck a little again. Until they were fully seated in Sherlock and John started to stretch them.
The woman stood and turn around to leave. John felt guilty at not even trying to help since Sherlock didn't tell her he took the case. The Doctor looked at Sherlock and gestured him to say something. He just shrugged with his shoulders and let the so obvious lost woman go.
John stood there with a straight back and arms behind his back and waited for Sherlock to finish his undressing. As he was done John nodded and did the same procedure to himself. He hissed as his cock slipped free and bowed obscenely up and down. Then he walked up to Sherlock, gripped his right arm with his left hand and dragged Sherlock further into the room and pushed him onto the bed. The detective landed on his stomach with a
His eyes widened as John's tongue met his cock and he groaned and the sensation. His hips tried to buck up on their own accord, but they were firmly held in place by John's hands.
John steadied himself on Sherlocks hip and reached around to stroke Sherlocks member in a hard rhythm.
John decided to torture Sherlock just once more as he slowly turned his fingers up to his prostate but stopped as he was barely touching it.
The nameless woman turned around with a laugh. Her cheeks reddening with joy. It was a charming laugh, not gigglely, not snorty, not a chuckle a laugh full of joy and amusement and John needed to grin too.
Sherlock whined a little at the loss, fidgeting underneath John, looking up to him as he hovered above him. Sherlock nodded wildly in response to the question.
John let out a long breath too and relaxed himself as he slowly began to move his hips mere millimetres and massaged Sherlock s hips with his hands.
John sprinted up the stairs and opened the door to the kitchen. But what see saw instead of a client and Sherlock sitting in his chair halfheartly listening, was Sherlock copying these instructions. Sherlock was currently in a position in which he couldn't look over his shoulder and he didn't seemed to noticed that John came into the flat. John thought about waiting until he did not scare the shit out the detective.
He groaned as he pulled harder at Sherlock's cock and pushed his hard cock against Sherlock's prostate, as well as spurting his come against it, feeling Sherlock clench around him.
John mumbled while he pistoned his two fingers in and out a few times before he redrew them and added three. He grinned into Sherlock's leg as he squirmed.
Sherlock didn't heard John coming in, he didn't heard him saying something all he could focus on was to get himself of before something bad happened. He moaned into his pillow again and his whole shuddered so close to an orgasm.
He whispered and continued to piston his fingers in and out, before he drew the out completely just to push the two fingers in fastly. Grinning at the shudders and groans from Sherlock. As his fingers left Sherlock's hole for a second time he re-opened the lube bottle to squeeze just a bit more in his hand and fingers before he slowly guided three fingers inside. This time he stopped as he felt Sherlock clench and continued when he relaxed. As they were hilt deep inside he slowly stretched them but avoided the prostate with his movements.
fastly whipped his head to the object holding him down. The doctors eye's went wide as he saw Sherlock with his head on his shoulder and his arm wrapped over his chest. He realised that he moved too much and that Rosie's cries subsided.
The others scilence simply wouldn't do, so the blond brought the belt on him again, though harder than before.
He smiled up to him shyly, but also in a sort of apologising manner. He gasped as John kissed him. That was something that needed some getting used to. What made him moan, however, was John moving his hands over his chest, including his nipples. He was quick to open his mouth when John silently asked for permission, cheeks flushed. While kissing, he wrapped his arms around John's neck.
“Yes, but I believe you were in the middle of something, Doctor.” Sherlock pressed up against John and he grinned, squeezing his arse.
John jumped through the channels, looking for something to take his mind off his sore leg. Calling Ella and making an appointment, or at least talking with her, would probably be smart. He couldn’t be arsed. Maybe later. He settled into the pillows and watched and tried to forget.
John finished washing and put his loincloth back on. He left the baths smelling like fresh flowers and went to his medical bag he kept beside his pallet. He swallowed a bit of a concoction to help him get his cock up. It was Molly’s recipe that she had learned from a prostitute. It was old folk medicine with a base of toad venom and
“It’s not my right to demand that.” He bit his lip, sipped the tea too fast, and continued. “I don’t
Sherlock cleared his throat and John went for the satin ropes instead. Those knots came free easily enough and he unwound the purple silk, fluttering off Sherlock’s creamy thighs. He pulled the black ropes loose and piled them on top of the purple silk. Then he went back to the white knots.
Sherlock shook himself out of memory and flipped the thawing bag of carrots over on his arm, then chugged half of his cooled tea. It was good to be away from that. It was nice to have his own flat, his own space. He could put body parts wherever he wanted and he’d ended up growing an elaborate mold culture on the windowsill just because he could. He missed Seb in a way, not all the times had been bad. For Valentine’s Day one year, he had taken Sherlock to the museum see a limited-time exhibit on the human body. That had been rather fascinating. Initially he would gift Sherlock with chemistry equipment or subscriptions to expensive science journals and in response Sherlock would do whatever the man asked for in bed. The first few years were like that and Sherlock thought he was happy and maybe even in love. He wondered now though if he had actually been in love with the man, or just been content that there was someone out there willing to give him the time of day. The longer they were together, the more their mutual attraction deteriorated until there was just bitterness and bile left. Sherlock knew that separating was the right thing to do. They should have done it years ago. He got lonely at times but it was really great having his own space.
“It’s perfectly okay. I think I might just explore you for a while, touch you and make you feel good.”
“No, here.” John gave him money and sent him on his way, then paced around on the pavement. Okay, okay. Breathe. Don’t be an idiot, just think. How could he find out where Sherlock went? He grabbed his phone and texted his sub.
They stood up and walked to the front of the restaurant, where they were wished a pleasant evening by the hostess. Sherlock paused. He didn’t want to leave yet. He hadn’t had a good look at the other waiter. He wanted a solid picture of everyone in his mind so he could instruct his homeless network to keep an eye on the exits. One of his network could follow or observe and report back to him so he could pinpoint it that way. John hadn’t wanted him to use himself as bait and he wasn’t too keen on getting hacked to bits either.
“Experiment…” He muttered. An elaborate glass chemistry apparatus was set up on the table. The skull was beside it, wearing an eye patch for some reason. John made some coffee. The ‘Mad scientist’ version of his sub was back, and gone was the post-case quiet adorable one.
Jim was all smiles again. "What a happy day for me. I should slice off each of your fingers, one by one, and make you eat them. Then, while you're writhing in agony, I'll slice off the tongues of each of your little group members. You'll be able to hear their screams even from here."
“I don’t know what’s gotten in to you, but it stops now. Unless you have a legitimate reason to be acting this way, I won’t tolerate it another second.”
“Oh yeah.” John flopped back down beside him. “I was waiting for you so we could both shower the sweat and semen off.”
John paused, waiting for any kind of plea or arguing but Sherlock was holding perfectly still and accepting. Nodding to himself, John popped his hand across his butt a few more times, then he grabbed the dressing gown and tossed it up over his back. Sherlock squirmed when John tugged his trousers down with one hand, baring him. John didn’t think anything else needed to be said. Instead, he let his hand explain the situation.
of Rohypnol to contain twenty or thirty milligrams. It’s safe to suggest that Owen was dosed with even more than fifteen milligrams before he was killed. The time in the river and his own metabolism would have degraded the amount found in his body, but why on earth did the murderer give him so much?”
Sherlock hummed to himself and turned away, crossing his arms. Anyone would think he'd been shouted at.
Greg turned off the light and tossed the trousers and ruined shirt on his dresser. He picked up the suit coat, found the dead phone in the pocket, and laid the coat on the dresser before going back out to the kitchen. He stifled a yawn and plugged the phone into his own charger by the microwave. He wasn't tired. He looked at his watch. Not even midnight. He made a cup of herbal tea and sat in front of the telly. He jumped through the channels until his thumb was sore and ended up settling on
“Mrs. Hudson!” John took the basket from her, mildly indignant. “You don’t need to do our washing. Right Sherlock?”
The doctor hid a grin, childishly pleased. The car pulled up to the Tesco closest to 221 and the doors unlocked.
"We don't house nearly as many concubines as Jim does.” He sniffed. “A number of on-site concubines are normal but an overabundance is just gauche.”
"How long are you leaving it in?" His voice was a touch impatient and John collected his thoughts. "Oh, uh, forty minutes?"
if the case warranted it. He looked at the riding crop on the floor and the tube of lotion on the side table and smiled. Hell, three months ago he hadn’t even known the detective existed, and now here he was bitching because he was on a case.
“Yes, I suppose. Sit.” He patted the spot beside him on the bed and Sherlock sat down. “Thanks for, you know, out there. I was pretty upset. You calmed me down.”
"Oh the prisons! The prisons and your precious uncle." Jim rolled his eyes. "Get over it, Johnny. No one likes a whiner. People die every day."
He admired the gems again, making a show of thinking about it. "I, ah, you know, I just don't know."
“Ow! Ow! Ow!” Sherlock arched up, wriggling like a wild thing. John wanted him to stay still, but he didn’t begrudge him moving around so much. When he’d been paddled with this thing, he’d behaved the same way Sherlock was. Everyone did. The paddle was hell on a bare arse. John paused, catching his own breath and giving Sherlock a break. “What else?” He asked.
An hour or so later, once the dishes were cleaned up and they were both dressed (John was dressed. Sherlock was in pajamas and his blue dressing gown), both men were on the sofa. John was reading a paperback and Sherlock was laying on his belly beside him on his phone, using his dom’s lap as a warm foot rest. His website was open in one window and he was scanning through requests. Another open window contained collars and leashes and Sherlock was spending more time here, examining the images of leather and velvet and chain on the screen. Now that John had brought it up, he wanted to go shopping.
The pain was building and sticking and he crossed his ankles, squeezing his dom’s leg. To his delight, John eased up though he still continued to whack him and Sherlock slipped further towards subspace. He couldn’t even remember why John was spanking him. It didn’t matter anymore. He was over his dom’s knee because he wanted him there and all he had to do was submit. Everything faded away: Jenkins, Sebastian, the blood test and tox screen, the upcoming dinner with Mike and Betsy…it all crumpled away like paper curling up in a fire and he licked his lips, taking long deep breaths. The sting on his bum faded and he was aware of John’s palm rubbing the burn away.
“Hmmm.” John rubbed up and down his back and grabbed two palmfuls of arse. “I can see that, love. You own your own crop and frankly this arse was made for smacking.”
Sherlock was kneeling on the carpet between the two chairs, naked. His right hand was wrapped loosely around his leaking cock and his knees were spread wide. His lips were wrapped around what appeared to be a rather large pink dildo clutched tight in his right hand. His chin was shining with saliva and he slid the toy further into his mouth and held it a moment, jacking himself slowly and looking like he was trying very hard not to gag.
John lifted his head with a triumphant grin on his red lips. “Bad boy.” He swatted his bottom and squeezed the cheek.
do you want?!” Sherlock tore out of his soaked gown and flung it at the sofa before storming down the hallway to the bedroom.
“I wonder how the obsiblue prawns are different from regular ones?” John mused. He flipped the single page menu over. There was nothing on the other side.
“Like I said, the paddle would only be for the most offensive mistakes. Otherwise I might stand you in the corner or take away privileges. Writing lines. Some bondage. We’ll take it as it comes, but I’ve learned a thing or two about unpleasant tasks from the army.”
“It was more convenient this way.” Sherlock shrugged. He sat still, staring at John tucking into the food. John had fed him off his own fork and it had been…kind of nice. Intriguing. Certainly worth more investigation. He cleared his throat, caught his dom’s eye, and glanced pointedly at the pasta box. John took the hint and gave him more lasagna. He didn’t usually do feeding. He didn’t enjoy it himself as a sub. Too obsequious for his pride. The times he’d tried it as a dom, it often felt awkward and forced. With Sherlock though, it felt as natural as is could have been. It was still a bit odd, but pleasantly intimate in its own way.
Sherlock cried out, thrusting hurriedly against his hand and gasping as he felt John start moving even faster. He came in a harsh sob of pleasure, body arching.
When John started bobbing his head up and down he clutched the bedsheets firmly, moaning and panting underneath John.
Sherlock let out a stuttering moan, shaking his head at John's question. He watched with wide eyes as John undressed his upper body, just wanting to at least touch it. He shrugged his own shirt off properly and he gasped at the hands on his shoulders. Sherlock shivered at John's voice near his hear and he moved to the stair, stumbling slightly as John pushed him a little. He made his way up the stairs as quickly as he could, not knowing what to do once he'd arrived in John's bedroom, so he just stood there and waited for John.
She winked in John's direction and waved in Sherlock's and then she was gone. Out of the doorway and down the stairs. With a brief goodbye to Mrs. Hudson and she was out of the door and down the street.
he said softly, with a shake of his head. The distinct smell of alcohol that came with John's words made Sherlock cringe a little.
Sherlock let out a choked up scream and his upped body fell onto the bed with a thump. He was panting into his pillow and his backside hurt like hell but he felt his cock leaking again. How?
Sherlock gave her a small smile and John was gaping like a goldfish now. Until he saw the raised eyebrows of both the other people in the room. He excused himself and waved his hand for their client to continue. Which she gladly did.
Sherlock breathed, his voice husky as he moaned John's name. His head was tilted back against his pillow, dishevelling his dark curls as his hand worked on his erection. It wasn't often that Sherlock did this, but lately, he had been thinking of John when he did.
Sherlock whimpered out, hands gripping the armrests of the chair as his cock twitched in arousal, flush against his stomach.
John growled before his left hand buried itself in Sherlock's curls and tugged the detective forcefully down into a rather sloppy kiss with clashes of teeth and noses.
Sherlock and John were on the way to their flat as Sherlock opened the door, looked in and suddenly stopped. John, who was about to take off his jacket, didn't saw that Sherlock stopped track in the open doorway and how it was going to happen, John ran right into Sherlock's back.
Sherlock flushed, eyes sliding shut as he felt kisses over his pale neck. The shirt was nearly falling off one shoulder, giving ample skin for John to kiss at. He groaned as he felt the man's hands rub at his hips.
Sherlock and John faced each other with a worried look and Sherlocks expression changed to disgust and annoyance. Johns to terror.
Spoke the woman in John's direction looking slightly worried in Sherlock's. Whom has not yet moved a centimetre. John blinked several times and breathed deeply and turned away from Sherlock in women's form and rubbed his eyes. At last Sherlock moved into the flat and went to his chair. Before he could say anything cunning, the brown-haired woman stood up, handed Sherlock his violin, grabbed a chair and sat down again. She crossed her legs and John stared and stared and stared.
John grumbled as he tried a few times to get his fumbling fingers to take a decent photo, giving up he decided to simply go ask his flatmate. Snagging the key, to open the door and stopped where he stood.
Sherlock stared up at John his brain totally going offline and the only thoughts in his head which remained where.
John slid an arm under the other mans back to lift him up and keep him pressed close as he filled the other only to pull out nearly compleatly and fill him again. Biting the others shoulder and marking his neck, he made sure to leave as much evidence of their time together as he possibly could. Wrapping his hand around the other he began to stroke him quickly.
Sherlock yelped, eyes shuddering shut as he felt John hit right at his prostate. He whined in pleasure and tried to press back into the fingers.
John reasured Sherlock and lubed up his fingers again before pushing in two, all the way in to the end and curving them upwards.
Sherlock screamed as he fell from the edge and from Johns shoulders on the bed. He felt like he never breathed before and his first intake of breath after his orgasm sent him into another. Body shaking and he was gasping, totally limp.
After a few minutes John released all three fingers and lowered Sherlock's leg from his shoulder as he crawled over Sherlock's body. He reached with his left hand up to cup Sherlock's cheek.
Sherlock was glad for John's support as he was already sweating all over. He groaned as he got some friction against John's belly, and moaned as he saw the trail of precome he was leaving on it. He didn't want to let go already, so he clenched. He didn't want to come before John was even close.
John advised with a smirk and turned them over in a fast move. John shifted closer to the headboard and looked smugly up at Sherlock as he let his arms glide down the others body.
He snarled and opened the lube bottle and squeezed a bit on three of his fingers, warming it up. John let his fingers stroke over Sherlock's opening not pushing in but just massaging in with two of his fingers.
John reached up and gripped Sherlocks hair before pulling the curls sharply as he pushed against the others sweet spot over and over.
John groaned as he saw Sherlock's pleasured face and smirked as he angled his hips certain way and pushed his hips up holding Sherlock's tight at the hips.
John looked at Sherlocks member the tip aready turning an anrgy red. John smiled in a way nobody should smile at a dick. More than hungry. He looked up at Sherlock as he took him in his left hand and guided his mouth down lowly. He kittylicked the opening watching Sherlock quirm.
Slowly John opened his mouth widre to take the head and sucked a little. Suck, stop, suck, stop. His free hand caressed the flesh on Sherlocks hips while rubbing it soothingly. John looked at Sherlock with a challeging look and sank down all th eway down to the base and stayed threre for a moment, humming.
Sherlock breathed in deep for a clever answer but John just looked at him right hand on his hip raised eyebrows and Sherlock let his mouth shut closed again. He huffed and stormed into his room. Door slamming.
He asked with a smile and rolled his hips again torturing slow, was he saw Sherlock's stormy eyes dilate.
The Woman took a sip of her tea and places her cup back on the side table before she drew in a deep breath and looked at Sherlock.
The hot water flowing over him felt way better than any shower before and he let himself completely relax.
John hissed as he leaned over Sherlocks back in his ear. He took out the fingers opened the lube on last time before strocking his dick and pushing the head against Sherlocks hole and just hold it there not pushing.
As he returned to Baker Street he let the key drop three times and that only added to the furry in his head. He stomped up the stairs and as he reached the living room Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. John growled.
He hissed and pushed Sherlock at his shoulders against the wall, spine hitting and pinned against it.
John groaned as he moved back and sat down comfortably on his chair and pushed the ball of his left hand against his more than interested member. He sighed, leaned back and let Sherlock do his show.
Now it was Sherlocks time to feel dizzy. He may not see the beauty but he definitely saw that this woman looked shockingly similar to John. Similar to the John he met the first time. The John with the tea in his hands and the jumpers and the adoring sent of home. Sherlock drew his eyebrows together. He reached the photo out to John to see his reaction. As his reaction to their client has been pretty obvious. John took it and let his view glide over it.
Sherlock cried out as he felt John keep thrusting deep into him, starting to moan and whimper in pleasure as his arse was slammed, slapping against John's hips.
He walked into Sherlock's bedroom and saw Rosie laying on her back quietly sobbing. John lifted her up and hushed her after he checked if she need's a new diaper. He carried her into the kitchen and started to warm-up her bottle as he prepared the milk with the powder. Rosie rested on his hip clinging her tiny hand into the piece of fabric on his chest.
Sherlock chuckled and shook his head. He turned around to look at John, placing a fried egg on his toast.
It got really hard for John not to move or to break out in laughter. He regulated his breath and a idea crossed his mind. He grinned devilishly as he moved slowly and quietly towards Sherlock who still was breathing in and out slowly. John reached out with both arms until the almost reached Sherlocks hips.
He asked while he tore down the shorts. Leaving Sherlock gasping on the floor. He licked his finger again before dragging it down the curve of Sherlocks ass and down over his hole which twitched and John let is finger rest there for a moment not moving.
Sherlock let John hear him. He moaned and squirmed and whimpered and what not, really. He gasped as John pushed them in quickly again before whining a bit at the long loss, before three of John's fingers filled him up again. He moaned as he felt the fingers stretched inside him, but whined in frustration when he noticed John was avoiding his prostate on purpose.
, he added, biting his lip as he waited for a reply. If John didn't remember, it would probably be best for him to leave and go to his own bedroom. Oh, how he hoped John remembered.
It got even harder as John started to tug his hair, but once John told him to let go, Sherlock did. He came in large spurts, all over John's belly.
Sherlock swallowed thickly, realising where this was going. He hissed slightly as he hit the wall, sure that there would be some bruises forming. Carefully, he opened his mouth to speak.
Sherlock glanced back, seeing the man palming at himself. Sherlock flushed, getting himself down onto his elbows, arse still up, moving each leg separately to show the obvious bulge between them and provide a display of the exercise at the same time. He released a little breath, arse jiggling as he swayed it for John, moving closer to John was within touching distance of his backside, thighs, and legs.
The Doctor sighed and stretched his arms, back and this neck under the spray of the still hot shower. He closed his eyes briefly and let the water wash over his face. John tipped his head back forward and reached for the soap and began to wash his hair.
Sherlock was sweating already as he felt the flush of blood rising up his face as soon as he heard John walk up the stairs. But he didn't wanted to stop, he couldn't. He already had two fingers in him and his hand on his cock was moving so very slowly imagineing John would torture him like that.
John snickered and reached for the second duvet laying next to him on the ground and threw it over both of them. He knew he needed to change them in the morning.
John said approving as he removed himself of the clothing he was still wearing and groand out of relief as he took his member out of his pants, stroking it once, twice and let the pants be forgotten on the floor. He kneeled behind Sherlock kissing his back.
Sherlock moaned proudly, beaming as he knew that John would leave marks on his skin. He groaned as the third finger moved in and he grinned widely.
Once John had gone into the bathroom, Sherlock moved to the kitchen to start making breakfast. He talked to Rosie a bit as he put some bread in the toaster.
He shifted his mouth down to Sherlock's chin and kiss down from there over the long neck and licked over the detective's left collar bone. Smirking against the skin as he heard Sherlock ragged breath.
Yoga, of all things. Sherlock had laughed outright when his brother told him to try it. But upon further research… it was known to relax the mind, calm the spirit… and it enabled flexibility. He could always be more flexible. For cases, of course.
“Of course.” Sherlock murmured. Damn. It would have been interesting to see if he could perform some sort of pain-perception experiment while John was spacing, but no matter.
“Nope. No one but me touches that box.” His grip tightened on the back of his neck. “I always know when it’s been touched.”
“Do you want me to put it on you?” He asked. Sherlock nodded. He bowed his head and John buckled it on. His fingers were trembling and he really hoped the sales girl wouldn’t see.
John blinked, horrified by her casual answer. “I have no training! I don’t know how to be a concubine. I’ve not been taught, I don’t have any concubine skills.”
If Hibern was a vast web, then Chilgrave was the very center at which rested a poisonous, evil spider.
The night they did the bondage he had wrapped the rope around the base of his neck as a sort of play faux collar, but a
In the kitchen Sherlock had notes strewn about the table. John peeked at them en route to the coffee pot and recognized the tobacco ash notations he'd put on his website.
"Thank you." John slipped it on and picked up the poisoned arrow tip. The wood was mottled, dark in some places and lighter in others, as if it had been streaked with something.
Sherlock looked over at his final creation and smiled and John's jaw dropped at his piece. It was an elaborately layered pie with some kind of creamy nut filling and a geometric lattice design on top.
Sherlock blushed hard as he noticed John staring at his scars, the ones he'd gotten in Serbia a long time ago.
Sherlock was so close, so close. And as if his brain wanted to make him go mad just before he would fall of the edge he remembered the spare key to his bedroom on the fridge. Only these few seconds where enought to tear him from the edge and he needed to double his efforts to climax again. His middle finger pressed harder on the now almost hypersensitive spot inside of him and he started to stroke himself again. Sherlock layed on his left and couldn't see the door. He bit into his pillow again and moaned the name of his flatmate into the cotton.
Sherlock fell into the chair, letting his shorts come off, the shirt hanging still off one shoulder. He blinked slowly and gasped.
Sherlock was shivering in pleasure, the sensation much more obvious when he couldn't actually see. He kind of enjoyed it- the deprivation of his eyes.
John growled as he stepped back and tore his own shirt and t shirt underneath off and threw them away. Then he hardly gripped on Sherlock's shoulders and shoved him in the direction of the staircase.
Sherlock gasped, his head shooting up from the bed as John slapped his arse. He blushed bright red and buried his face in the bedsheets again. Sherlock bit his lip at the fingers at his opening, wanting to push back so badly, but he refrained from doing so.
He walked to the living room and sat down in his chair Rosie on his knee, babbling happily and playing with his fingers. John smiled fondly at her.
he smiled with a hum. Sherlock shifted a little to get more comfortable himself and to give John more space to move.
He said, slipping his belt off before folding it over his hand once and cracked the soft leather against the supple bottom.
Sherlock was grinning like an idiot, moaning at everything John said. Once they were turned around, Sherlock sat on his knees, calves on either side of John's hip. Grabbing the base of John's cock, he slowly lowered himself onto it.
Sherlock whimpered, knowing even though John was in a more vulnerable position, he had full control. He gasped out, body dropping into the chair more, legs spreading pitifully as he was sucked.
He turned his by now covered back to John and curled up under the blankets. John nodded understanding. His eyes grew wide as his brain finally remembered what was happening the night before and the explanation on why they were sleeping naked in one, in his bed.
Sherlock and John had a row and John left with slammed doors and without a jacket, despite the cold February weather. Forgetting about his sleeping daughter upstairs and walked straight into the next bar he saw. Three minutes later he already had two whiskey down and a scotch. Half an hour later as John nipped at his fourth whiskey, someone sat down next to him and ordered a whiskey before he leaned in Johns direction.
John chuckled to himself and started to search for their leftover takeaway together with other ingredients, deciding to let Rosie stay with Mrs. Hudson. At least after dinner or until Sherlock calmed down again.
Answered Sherlock and folded his leg over the other. Now John felt like he was dreaming, two Sherlock in almost the same position in his eyesight. The Doctor felt his head went dizzy.
Sherlock felt his shorts get tugged down off his supple arse, sitting right underneath his cheeks to frame them and hug the prominent bulge still throbbing between his legs. He whimpered as he felt a finger against his hole, just sitting there.
Sherlock nodded, eyes wide as he scrambled to obey. He fumbled a bit with the button of his trousers, his hands trembling in anticipation. He opened the zip and slid his pants down with practised easy. He hesitated a moment before sliding his pants down too. He took a step to the side, leaving his trousers and pants in a puddle on the floor. His cheeks were flushed and he felt very vulnerable all of a sudden.
He gasped, the little licks driving him crazy, making him squirm and his legs drop open in pleasure, cock aching.
Sherlock chuckled along with him sleepily. He cuddled some more into John, closed his eyes before he drifted off a little.
All this observed Sherlock with raised eyebrows and a pang of jealousy toward the woman, which only lasted for milliseconds. She noticed this anyway and her smile grew before it fell completely from her face. After the water boiled and sugar, milk and tea bags were put into cups and placed on a site table John finally got himself back under control. Or at least he thought he did and every time she smiled, talked or even looked at him he needed to think of corpses. Her voice was just as soft as silk not too high but not to deep either. John felt like he was drawn to her voice and needed to listen despite his attempts to focus on what she was saying.
John breathed in deep and finally could tear his eyes from the others back to look in his eyes. He realised he must have triggered Sherlock's fight or flee instinct and John was certain Sherlock would choose to flee. The doctor slowly reached for Sherlock's hand gripping the sheets and brushed his thumb over the hand and knuckles in a soothing way.
John panted into Sherlocks shoulder and speeded up his thrusts more and keeped hitting Sherlocks prostate over and over again.
So that was how Sherlock Holmes found himself in a pair of incredibly tight yoga shorts and one of John’s old ARMY t-shirts, barefooted in 221B and bending down with legs spread to touch his toes, holding the position and breathing in, counting to ten as he exhaled.
Oh god, John in his uniform. Well Sherlock had to bite into the pillow next to his head to muffle a moan. He was very glad now that he locked his door even though John was out and Mrs. Hudson is at her sisters. Sherlock was fucking himself with three of his longs fingers now and tucking on his hair with the other. Ignoring Johns question. Trying not to make too much noise and shuddered as his middle finger stroked his prostate.
The woman looked up as John came rushing into the room and nodded at John, but pulled her eyebrows together after a short sweep of her gaze over John and Sherlock.
Sherlock let out a breathy moan and he gripped the bedsheets tightly. The longer John continued, the whiter his knuckles turned. Sherlock was just desperate for John to be inside him now, scared that he would come too soon, and he tried to tell John by means of an impatient groan.
John startled as he heard Sherlock's voice and blushed after registering what he was doing and why he had so little control over himself.
Sherlock's eyes widened at the warning, not sure if he was already able to take John in one go. He was relieved to find that it only burned just a little, rather than the huge pain he had expected. He panted softly, his grip on the sheet slowly weakening. He hadn't expected John to lean over and whisper in his ear. His words made Sherlock blush hard and he moaned.
Sherlock whined, trying to rock his hips, but John's right hand was still keeping them from doing anything.
John saw Sherlock coming with his head thrown back, eyes tightly shut and his back slightly arching and arse clenching. Suddenly he was way closer than he thought. John angled his hips away from Sherlock's prostate and pushed his hips up and up and up. He was panting, sweating and swearing.
John groaned at the returned kiss from Sherlock and continued to press his whole body against the detective both of his hands leaving his hair and steadying himself at the wall on either side of Sherlock's head. John slowly but hardly pushed his hips up to meet Sherlock's. John let out a heavy breath from his nose and broke the kiss to lick, kiss and nibble his way down Sherlock's jaw and neck until he reached the first button of Sherlock's shirt. The doctor opened the buttons as fast he could with his left hand. He growled into Sherlock's skin as he struggled with the fourth button. Until he had enough and just ripped it apart.
The doctor hummed into the kiss as Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's shoulders and shifted closer to Sherlock until he lifted his left leg over Sherlock's hip still under the sheet.
Asked John now complete interested on what the mysterious woman said next. She could definitely build up excitement.
John smirked as he saw that but fastly reached for Sherlock's hips and lifted them off the bed as he crawled up behind him.
A woman’s voice on his laptop recited each next move and what each one did. The shirt was so big that he’d knotted the back, showing off part of his midriff. He’d only decided to do it at that time, because John had said he wouldn’t get back until he grabbed groceries. That bought him some time so he wouldn’t be seen, right?
Sherlock groaned out, feeling John's cock slamming into him, and the doctor's fingers around his cock.
How had he surprised him, of all people? Sherlock flushed, feeling hands gripping at his hips in the very short spandex shorts he was in, biting his lip at the tone of voice John had.
Sherlock moaned loudly, writhing and squirming underneath the doctor as he thrust into him. He panted, cheeks red as John continued to thrust with Sherlock almost crying out when he almost pulled out and then back in again. He did cry out however when John's hips were cast upwards, so he met Sherlock's prostate with the thrust.
It was not that John knew who the woman, with long dark brown curly hair, ice blue eyes, wearing a brilliant red shirt with blazer, sitting in Sherlock's chair and tapping on his violin, was. On the whole, she looked like Sherlock with long hair, make-up, breasts and long, crossed legs.
Sherlock's eyes widened a little and he swallowed thickly. To be honest, he'd thought John would never found out about his scars. Or he'd rather hoped John didn't. Sherlock started to panic a little, only to be grounded to the Earth by John's soothing touches and his loving eyes. He let out a few shaky breaths before trying to pull some sheets over himself to cover up his scars.
John panted as he withdrew from Sherlock just push in again in a slow pace, he did that a few times until the slide was smooth and slick. Than he shifted his hips and slammed hard into Sherlock. Groaning into Sherlocks shoulder. Pure pleasure ripping through the doctor.
John was sweating and groaning and possible nearly crushing Sherlock and he thrust once, twice, three, four times.
He giggled slightly as he reached out for Sherlock and pressed him against his chest. It's was a bit uncomfortable for his neck but at least he could feel Sherlock's heartbeat.
Sherlock had gotten up to face him but he nodded obediently, pulling a leg around to straddle John with his backside still on display for him.
John grinned and returned to rim Sherlocks hole for a while longer while he opened the lube blind and squeezed out a bit before rubbing his fingers together. He lifted his head from Sherlocks ass and circled the gaping hole with a finger before pushing it in so slowly.
John laught and brought his left forefinger up to his lips he licked at it and than brought it back into Sherlocks back drawing a heart.
John shed himself from his shoes shortly after he pushed Sherlock up and followed him quickly. As he reached his bedroom he saw Sherlock just standing there no clue of what he needed to do now. John stepped closer and snarled.
He whimpered, feeling John finally fill him up with his cum. He collapsed into the chair, gasping for breath.
He whimpered as he got more and more aroused, feeling John push a finger in, lubing him up with both a tongue and fingers.
The doctor bucked his hips forward again and smirked, pleased at the sound he was ripping out of his mouth. He pushed Sherlocks shirt so far down he could with his arms wrapped around his shoulders. John pushed one thigh between Sherlocks legs and made his way back up until he reached the detective's sinfully swollen lips and pushed his own hard against them. He felt Sherlock twitch at his leg, growled into the sloppy kiss and anchored his hands at Sherlock's hips as he lifted him slowly up until he was pressed against the wall hovering in the air, one leg pressed against his cock and strong arms holding him pinned against the wall in the living room next to the kitchen.
John opened his trousers fastly and pushed them together with his pants down, only to his thighs. He lifted one of Sherlocks legs up and slowly began to push into him.
John panted and groaned by the time he kept his hips in that angle and pulled out slowly and thrust back in harshly. The moans and cry's from Sherlock were like music and they turned him on even more. He wanted to continue like this forever. But sadly he felt the known hot coiling in his stomach and he leaned over Sherlock body again, never faltering his thrusts.
John pushed his hips once more against Sherlock's before he slowly let his slip back to the ground but kept his hands steady on the other's hips.
If he would wrap his hand around Sherlock now his head would snapp up and strike him in the face. So he turned his upperbody a little sideways so Sherlock would be colliding with his shoulder. He counted down 3. 2. 1. and he leaned over Sherlock fastly while gripping his hips and whispered in a deep voice.
The doctor laughed and lifted himself up to kiss Sherlock deeply as his left hand became a mind of its own again and wandered over Sherlock's chest. The hand slowly slid over his right nipple to the bullet scar, Mary left and nearly killed him with, over to the other nipple. John breathed in and licked at Sherlock's lip to ask for entrance. Sherlock was blushing a little as John turned him over.
John chuckled deeply and let both of his hand glide down Sherlocks back until the reached the shorts and even lower after a short stop. John rubbed his thumbs on Sherlocks ass cheeks and spreaded the cheeks apart before letting go and grinning at the fabric being cought in it.
Questioned the woman without taking her eyes from Sherlock's face, as if she were reading it, no, his soul. Now she smiled slightly, leaned back, relaxed and looked up in John's face. John, who was still standing beside his chair didn't even blinked as he was staring at her legs.
Sherlock couldn't do anything anymore, he could only cling himself at John with his arms wrapped around his shoulders and just take what John was willing to give him. Yes, his buttcheeks still hurt. Yes, his ass will hurt tomorrow and yes John will hate him after this but Sherlock is fine with that. He just wants it this time, just once. He clawed himself into John shoulders as he panted and moaned and gasped and was completly at John's mercy. And he felt like he was floating.
John lifted his mouth up again and sucked one last time on the head before licking and kissing his way down over Sherlocks testicles and even lower until he reached his destination and licked a stripe over Sherlocks quivering hole. And than as if someone suddenly turned on a switch John rimmed Sherlock in ernest. Going full for it.
Sherlock asked, swaying his bum again, trying to get his legs into a comfortable position, spread on his knees.
John stopped every movement and retreaded before he harshly slapped Sherlocks left ass cheek with his left hand.
Sherlock came hard over John's hand and his bed, screaming John's name loudly. He continued to murmur some incoherent things as he started to come down from his orgasm, panting. He squirmed a little underneath John, wanting to curl up against the other man.
Sherlock blushed with a small grin. As John's fingers stilled inside him, he started to rock his hips a bit, moaning.
Sherlock gasped and moaned as John kissed him. He didn't mind John's morning breath at all. He just couldn't think about anything else while kissing John. He gasped again as John's hips brushed his and he clung to him more firmly. He started panting as John's mouth moved down.
He whispered into Sherlocks back and started to finally stroke his cock with the warmed up lube on his hand he sighted and ravelled in the begging from Sherlock before he decided to let his cock slip out of his hand and accidentally slipped them over Sherlocks hole.
Finished he carefully stepped out and reached for his bathrobe and a towel, deciding to change into clothes later. John looked into the mirror and smoothed his stubble down and opened the door and walked to the kitchen. He smiled fondly at Sherlock making breakfast and talking to Rosie, who listened closely to what Sherlock spoke to her. John sat down on his usual place on the kitchen table.
Sherlock’s face heated up. He didn’t know why he was embarrassed all of a sudden about being naked in front of John. Something about the doctor just standing there watching him made his face flame red in a giddy, fun kind of way. He stripped everything off, then tossed his socks aside and stood there naked in front of John, grinning shyly.
curious though. Sherlock was, at best, indifferent to everyone with the exception of Mrs. Hudson. What on earth had this John done to break through all of Sherlock's barriers? And in so short a time? His brother was certainly unhappy to leave Chilgrave and now it made sense why.
"Sorry, love." John murmured. His voice was deeper than normal. He rinsed his sub and rubbed the bar of soap over his own body.
“What did I say?” John grabbed his arm and stood. He yanked up his clothes and refastened everything. “Are you bothered she saw you chained?”
“Hey guys,” John let them in and graciously accepted a bottle of wine from Mike. Betsy was in a casual black skirt and satiny pink blouse and Mike had come from work, dressed in a smart button down shirt and tie.
“That was stupid, boy.” Logan grabbed him from behind and pressed a knife to his throat. “You’re a troublesome one. The others didn’t give me nearly as much bullshit as you are.”
Blair sat down in the visitor’s chair beside the bed, clasping her hand in Jenkins’. The others wisely sat on the opposite side of the room, the three of them stuffed on the little visitor’s sofa.
Sherlock rubbed his scalp as John pulled his pants off and tossed them on top of the rest of his clothes.
He clenched his arse cheeks and shivered. His pink bottom was facing the room and anyone who came in would see him there in the corner and know that John had spanked him. He grinned and both hoped and didn’t hope that someone would wander in.
In the morning, Sherlock rang for a servant and slipped a loose pair of trousers of up his legs. When the knock sounded on the door he told her in his most pompous voice that he was keeping John for the rest of the morning and would require him that night. She didn’t argue and Sherlock went back to bed. They had a long lie-in. They chatted and rang for breakfast, talking idly about youthful summers spent out fishing on the sea or long spells of boarding school getting drilled on maths and economics. Once in a while John noticed that, as she spoke, a sort of heated fond look came into Sherlock’s gaze. Instead of being wary, John returned it. Something warmed in the pit of his stomach when he looked at Sherlock that was hopeful and just a little bit lusty. There was definitely a ‘something’ between them. Never had John experienced anything like this with a guest, especially a royal guest. He wanted to examine it under Sherlock’s fancy microscope but he knew to examine it would be pointless. Like all guests, for better or worse, Sherlock would leave. John didn’t want to think too hard about that.
Sherlock stood up, a little bit giddy with anticipation but also a bit annoyed at the timing. John was being really dominant right now. He sounded almost angry. It was…different. He supposed the doctor must just be in the mood and Sherlock decided he could indulge him if he really needed to dom that badly. He slipped out of his clothes and had no sooner pushed his dressing gown to the side that John stomped over to him and pushed on his shoulder, guiding him forcefully to his knees. Sherlock hit the carpet harder than he would have preferred, and he grunted.
