Cas sighed and flipped to a blank page. "I'm tired, Dean."
Cas kneeled down across from him, flipping open the file. “This wasn’t here before. All of the pictures show this area as being normal.”
Meg just tilted her head at him and made a small mew noise, then glared at the radio.
Dean broke away again. "Not before you do."
"He's going to see some nerdy movie thing. We, uh...We got time, if you want."
Sam and Cas didn’t really want to eat after the lab, so Dean dropped them off at their motel then swung by a diner he remembered passing by. He had a serious need for a cheeseburger. And their advertised ‘world’s best onion rings’. And three slices of pie. And a milkshake. With another cheeseburger. And two more slices of pie.
Sam shrugged, but then he thought of something. “Hey, Lizzy said she felt when the other mangels died. She would know if another angel was around, wouldn’t she?”
Dean felt cold all over.
“I still have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Cas laughed, and it was the first time he could remember laughing in a long while. "Close enough."
She led them to the tree and stood on a patch of roots that were raising up. “I found her here. She was facing away from the trunk, so this was right behind her.”
“Most of it I’ve seen in some of the storage rooms here. But there are a few things we should be able to get from a store in town.”
While Sammy played with it, Dean tore off the paper from his present, giving Meg some more to chase around. It was a charcoal grey leather bound notebook, with rings that opened up for more pages and there were a few packets of them already in the back. It was a lot like his Dad’s.
“It’s a symbol of Queen Joanna of Spain. Get this, in the early 1500s, she was sending a ‘religious relic of the utmost importance’ to the New World for safe keeping. The ship carrying it never reached port. It made it to Havana, but they never got to Veracruz. They figured there was some curse on the relic, and made the ship sink. From when it left, and these old weather reports, it probably got caught in a hurricane somewhere in the Gulf of Mexico.”
Henry smiled a little. “…and for upholding the non-judgmental spirit that Alcoholics Anonymous prides it’s self on.”
Sam had really enjoyed himself. It had felt so great to get out of the bunker, and away from Dean obsessing about his diet, and eating crappy diner salads again. He really felt alive for the first time in months. It was awesome.
He felt Cas huff against his neck. “Ruth. And her agenda against me. It will be extremely difficult to stop her.”
He nodded, still looking at Dean very seriously. “You need to sit on your bed and take off your shirt.”
“Well, I got to say. I’m impressed.”
“There is no problem,” Cas asserted, but Allie waved him off as he did so.
He attempted a smile, but it looked off. “Well, you know how much I worry when you drive my car around.”
Cas sighed. “Dean, I believe the time of the angels is over. What is left of my kind must learn to acclimate, and I could not help them with that. Not as a God, and now not as a human. They must figure things out for themselves now. Besides, I imagine most of the ones left would be wrathful should they know that I was responsible for the fall of Heaven.”
He chose an umbrella from the stand.
Kevin?”
Cas coughed again. “Uh, vegan. Extreme vegans. They survive off a farm they have up there,” he pointed towards the house. “And they sell parts of their crops.”
He got in and started the car. “Who next?”
“Uh, he’s here but, um…”
"They're all going to be thinking about…" Cas waved his hand at the shower.
He actually trusted boats out on the open sea almost as much as he trusted airplanes. At least he didn’t get seasick; unlike poor Sammy, who started puking about two hours into their ‘voyage’.
The truth spilled from his mouth before he could stop it. “Most of the time, yes. But sometimes I wonder if I truly belong in their world.”
"Dean wouldn't tell me much. He was pretty quiet the whole way down here. All I know is we're here to save his angel."
They all sat. “Reggie liked sports. He said he needed to be able to pretend like he was there.”
The pressure on the mattress moved, and Dean realized Cas was in the bed with him.
They got the right bones, and got out of town as quickly as they could. The mother's face still lingered in Castiel's mind. A few counties over, Dean had pulled into a gravel parking lot.
Lucifer shrugged. “I’m guessing Dean died, right? And then the Blade came back in contact with him?”
He rolled his eyes as if explaining things to a child. “My vessel was already chosen, I could take on a kinda form, but if you were to see me…”
Dean took a couple of moments to scowl, piecing that statement together.
“Good evening, my Queen.”
Gaia shrugged. “That’s it.”
“Don’t worry, Dean, I’m not really ready for something that intense with you yet, and from that expression on your face just now, I’d say you aren’t either.”
“I dunno, man, guess we’ll find out in a minute.”
There was a very uncharacteristic growl and Cas grabbed his hands and pinned them down to the bed near Dean’s head.
"Yes! I have never been a human before Metatron stole my Grace, and then all of a sudden you're acting on these
Sam and Dana came in. The woman’s face and eyes were very red, but she seemed to have calmed down. Hannah ran up to her. “Momma, look! Cas fixed my hair for me!”
Dean really didn’t want to explain the giant scorch mark on the ceiling of the kitchen. Maybe Sam wouldn’t notice. At least he’d gotten the electricity back on.
Lucifer/Sam held it up. “Done. What’re we going to do with it?”
Sam sniffled, still sounding congested. “Another bird-like creature. But they feed off happiness. Joy.”
He put a hand on the side of Cas’ head and his eyes went all glossy and vacant. After a minute he shook the hand off. He still looked scared, but not as pale. “Okay, fine.”
He jumped when the door opened and Dean came in. He was shocked enough to blurt out, “How’d you find me?”
"Hey Sammy." He sounded pissed.
That was a hard fight. Or at least that’s what Cas and Sammy told him when he came to. He freaking missed about half of it after he got jumped from behind by one of the bastards who had a tire iron. Now Dean had a killer headache, bad enough that he let Sam drive so he could lay down on the backseat.
They ordered their food to go, then hightailed it to the bunker. Dean did a perimeter check while Cas and Sam darted inside. Dean then checked the car, making sure nothing had been messed with, no bags or funky coins.
Cas was quiet for a few minutes and Sam went on packing.
"What's up, Cas? Please tell me you got something, Sam and me are chasing our asses."
Lucifer shook out Sam’s arms. “Phew! Oh, I missed this body.”
“Dude, I shot you, too, remember? I know it was just rock salt, and nothing probably got through the massive layers you wear, but I know it still hurts, so let me take a look.”
stupid idea was that?”
Sam huffed and smacked it into his hand. “
"What are you..."
He shrugged and lolled against the wall. “Vice principle. He could order stuff for the school’s chemistry classes, then take it and noooo one would know.”
Dean clambered up off the grass and led the way over. “Looks like a shed.”
Cas turned to go back in the changing room. Okay, seriously uncomfortable now.
Sam rolled his eyes. “We’re in
They talked to the neighbor first, a man named Steve who was very fidgety and made a huge effort not to let them see inside his apartment.
“Thank you, Mr. Martin, for your time.”
Cas nodded. “It’s just a summoning. He can refuse to come, if he wants.”
He put his hand on Cas’s chest. “A life for a life.”
“That…That was you?”
She crossed her legs and sat straighter. “Reggie was devoted. We always wanted lots of children, and he loved every single one. He worked hard, but he never put work before us. Reggie never missed a single recital, play, ball game…And he was devoted to me. Never forgot a single birthday or anniversary.”
“What can I get for you?”
They cleared most of the dirt away and pulled back a sheet of what felt like burlap. Underneath was an enormous skeleton. It was somber to look at; to imagine that a creature of this size and strength was killed in a horrible way. Definitely ghost material.
Sam shook his head. “You know each other?”
Cas could only nod. He felt like he should be embarrassed by the noises he imagined were coming from his mouth, but Dean kissed him harder.
Meg made a little ‘mew’ noise and put her head down.
where?”
Dean sighed and put his file down, too. “Hiding something like what?”
“Dean, I didn’t….”
“I fucked up, Sammy. Told him to leave and he went.”
Dean sat next to him. He kinda got it. He wasn’t big into the nature stuff, but he could appreciate a place like this. Serene, in a way. It was very
Then he was gone.
“I didn’t mean that.”
Dean scowled but didn't say no. "Why? Why here, tonight? What, what happened?"
Back at the motel, Cas was looking through the files while Dean was about to open the jar and poke at it with a plastic spoon.
Chapter Three: Bargaining
He wasn’t feeling coherent. So sue him.
“Jerk.”
Sam was rooting around now. “Some of this stuff, though. It’s not just for good luck. She took out anything or anyone in her way.”
“Who are you?”
Dean had a comically consternated expression on his face. He closed his eyes, and if Cas didn't know Dean so well, he'd almost think he was praying for patience. "Just...
Sam stood up, Cas helping Dean who was still a little wobbly. “Yes sir.”
That kind of sent Dean on a loop. What was he supposed to say to that? Things between him and Cas, even as friends, had always been intense. And the amount of sheer
“Yeah. I was. Just wanted to know if you didn’t mind hanging out with me. Kinda boring, working on plumbing.”
Cas snorted. “She knows you just insulted her.”
Sam was still playing with his watch so he leaned over and kissed Cas on the temple.
That was vague. “Well, yeah, but…”
. Dealing with him was like playing with fire. One wrong move and your ass is toast. He did not want Cas’, Sam’s, or his own ass to be toasted.
Cas’ voice broke and Dean kissed the top of his head. “It’ll take a lot more than some snooty mangels to take me and Sammy out.”
"No, babe, it's me. Really me. We came to get you."
The waitress came back, check in hand. “Anything else guys?”
Dean poked through the wicker basket. There was a pouch with spare change in it, a paperback book with some weird title, a few folded handkerchiefs, and a receipt from a farmer’s market. He picked it up, and another receipt fell out from behind it. He picked it up and shoved it in his pocket, making sure Gaia didn’t see.
'Dean,
Dean huffed. "Dude, we drove past there, that rail yard is huge. How are we supposed to find a big-ass skeleton?"
"Brother, you need any help?"
He held out Sam’s laptop to him, pulled up to a few news sites.
Cas sighed. “You want me to go?”
Sam huffed. “Dean took on the Mark of Cain.”
That was when the backdoor opened. Cas squawked and almost fell into the floor of the car, and Dean jumped so far that he hit his knee hard enough that everything below it went numb.
Dean managed to talk him through it. There was a good deal of half-mangled screaming, and Cas silently cried the whole time and his hands shook, but fifteen minutes later and Dean’s arm was bullet-free, stitched and bandaged up.
“Dean?”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Guys, I think this is just a serial killer. I mean, nothing is pointing towards witchcraft, or anything we’ve seen before.”
"I...okay, Cas, I get it. But...I just wanted something simple that night, with someone I didn't know, no feelings whatsoever. You get what I'm sayin'?"
Sam took a deep breath. “In the next room.”
Sam shook his head. “What? The transfusions after trying to close the Hell Gates didn’t take care of that?”
The cave opened up into a cavern smaller than the one under Linda Johnson’s house.
Sam was looking less shaken, now that Cas didn't look like he had taken a dive into a pool of blood.
Cas started walking towards the stream and Dean followed. “I haven’t seen many fish. Just a few small ones. They come up to eat the minnows.”
Cas added a second finger after a couple of minutes, and Dean stiffened back up, but it went the same as before. Cas was taking the time to let Dean get used to the uncomfortableness. He was making a scissoring motion, then what felt like a crooking move, and all of a sudden, Dean
“Yep. What did he mean when he said he’d already given you what you wanted?”
“Sam. I don’t have long before I start hallucinating.”
"What? Yeah, yeah look. There's your floppy hair, and the eyes are blue…"
Grateful for the interruption, because things were getting a little too heavy, Dean called him back before he went very far. But he wasn’t about to let go of Cas’ hand. And so far, Cas wasn’t complaining.
Charlie pointed at it; it was getting closer. “How’re we going to cut through that?”
She typed on her phone. “Hi Mick, it’s Jessica. There’re some men from the F.B.I here, asking about Link. Thanks.”
Dean grinned, looking annoyingly smug. "You kinda checked out there, man. Feeling okay?"
"Dean, I don't..."
Cas was still choking around his words, and he could feel his face turning red out of embarrassment. This was not how
Dean nodded. “Okay, so we’ll need the case files and a sample of this goop. And we’d like to see the bodies.”
Cas ended up finding a couple of corduroy jackets that he liked. Then he started looking at the coats. “Dean, look what I found!”
He pulled out a picture and looked closely at it. “She’s facing one of those cork announcement boards they pin papers up on. Wonder what’s up with that.”
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his seat. "Yeah. Sorry again about that."
Cas didn't take his gruff tone too personally. Dean often was off-sorts after they had engaged in intimacies. It was inexplicable, but Cas wasn't interested in exploring the why. Dean was a lovely mystery.
Even with how Crowley had changed how Hell worked, there were still some nasty demons out there. Because, hey, they’re
He pointed at the bodies. “Child molester, rapist, Neo-Nazi, and that lady is a cannibal. Society won’t miss them in the slightest.”
Gaia ran her hand over a place on the tree near the bottom and they leaned over to look. A symbol was charred onto the bark, a little smaller than Dean’s palm.
He picked the pan up and turned it so Dean could see the damage again. “I’m very sorry for ruining this…”
Dean felt like he’d been slapped. Did Cas really feel that way? That he was being kept here against his will?
Lucifer motioned to Cas. “He freed me. I am indebted to Castiel in ways I can’t even say. He restored me, gave me my family back, and let me go home. They will be singing songs in Heaven for the rest of eternity praising him for that.”
The smile dimmed. “Because I couldn’t feel my feet anymore and I would have rather faced your anger at me than drowning in a downpour.”
He motioned behind Cas, who in turn looked to Allie. She nodded. “Yeah. It’s fine.”
Cas had to lean on him for support to walk the short distance next door and then get settled in his bed. Dean slid in next to him and held him close. Cas felt like he was in some sort of shock, a numb feeling in his head. He had gone from feeling so amazing to feeling awful in such a short amount of time it felt like some sort of whiplash.
Cas stopped him, realizing what was going on. “You’re concerned I will make a habit of what happened last night. That I may become that person you met in the false future.”
Dean jumped on him immediately. “You know your phone’s off?”
Dean stood in the middle of the room and shrugged as he looked around, spinning slowly on his heel. "Could be worse," he remarked.
But. He had to be practical and realistic. This was not the apple pie domestic bliss, they were all still hunters. And sooner or later, the other shoe would drop.
He just shook his head. Sam went into the kitchen and started the coffee, then went to work on cooking the greasiest breakfast he could manage. He brought Cas a cup of the coffee and a large glass of water.
He must have fallen asleep at some point but he couldn't remember when. He checked, and Cas was still sound asleep, his head tilted into Dean's hand. It was dark outside the car.
“What?”
Dean slumped back on the floor. “Divine wrath. Awesome.”
Cas frowned. "That was remarkably jumbled, even for you."
“Ethiopia. Coffee that comes from Ethiopia. There is a somewhat significant church there devoted to Saint Gabriel.”
Cas nodded. “So, Dean is now walking the land possessed by the root of all demons?”
“Dean. You do know that I was assigned to watch over you ever since your birth?”
He paused. “You gotta promise me something. You can’t go dying on me, alright?”
He nodded. “Yeah, but we knew that before. He was going to close the gates and all the angels he ever pissed off were going to kill him.”
“Yeah. I think so. She mentioned something about a regime change down in Hell when she talked to him in the church.”
He nodded. “Do you remember what I said to you while you were asleep?”
“If this is going to be our last night, I want to spend it sleeping in your arms.”
Sam stood up, and moved Cas’s body around so he was on his back, arms and legs straightened out. Then he went and checked on Dean. Still asleep.
"Here, Dean."
Cas waved his hands. "No,
He turned. “And
“Ruth, the Archivist?” He could not remember an angel he’d met by that name. Of course, all their voices sang together in the heads of the angels, and they all knew all their names, but not every angel had met every single one of their brethren.
"This'll work," Dean whispered, before he kissed a spot on Cas's breastbone, about three inches below his collar. He stayed there, laving the spot.
“Complete redesign. Crowley said he felt really bad for the people who have to go to hell who didn’t do something really awful. So he fixed it. Hell is now a summer camp. It’s an almost exact replica of that place in ‘Dirty Dancing’.”
Dean honestly started off looking at stuff for the case. He was looking into how exactly you’d get an eyeball out, which led to squicky videos on YouTube, which,
"Everybody wants
“Sam got distracted.”
Benny went over to his side. "Stay safe, Brothers!"
“Dean, don’t…”
“Okay, what’s up with you guys?”
He leaned back and sighed. “Yeah, okay, fine. He’s probably not gonna be happy to see us, so if anyone gets fucking
Dean frowned. “You took an umbrella with you.”
Sam pointed down at the bags. “Look, I got ornaments, I got this stringy tinsel stuff, there’s…”
Cas turned to the girl. “Tell us about your mother.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I get that. But what if he can get it back?”
Sam still looked confused. “So…You die. And you either go to relive your greatest hits, or you spend eternity at a camp where you have to play BINGO every other day, or you live out your worst crimes?”
Sam scrubbed at his eyes, and stood to get a tissue to wipe away the blood. Cas was blinking slowly while he did it.
Mountain. Hovering. Vegas.
“What?”
“We haven’t even guessed as to how to start on this case. I’m happy to have it out of my hands.”
“No, no, no. Only stuffy old men and douchebags wear sweaters.”
“What setting did you put it on?”
Dean startled. "What?"
After almost an hour of frustrating
“Is that it then? Could a Reaper be doing all this, I mean, we know they can alter realities.”
“What’re you finding, Cas?”
Cas frowned. “Yes. Is that a problem?”
Dean shook his arm. “What?”
“Uh, I don’t think so.”
“Yep. You got it. Never mind the Ashleys or that I don’t like hunting alone.”
Dean put his hand on Cas’s knee under the table. “Don’t worry, we’ll figure it out.”
“You were his mistress?”
They'd armed themselves with some guns, but most of the action was with swords. It'd been Dean's idea. If they could stop bullets, guns may not work on all of them. But it would take a lot more psychic power to stop a fully grown person with a sword. And it looked like he was right.
There was a thud, then Garth got back on the phone. “Uh, any ideas? He’s been like this since we left Missouri.”
Dean only just managed to behave himself. “Well, everyone is a little different the way they cook. Uhm. But the stuff under the sink isn’t cooking stuff. That’s usually cleaning stuff. Only use the stuff in the pantry and the refrigerator to cook with.”
"What…You said you were okay with this!"
Nora shifted. “The only thing was…She was constantly protesting and arguing with the school board. She saw occult references and satanic things everywhere. She hated anything to do with science. Stacey wasn’t even allowed to make one of those volcanos for class because ‘volcano’ was named for ‘Vulcan’ and she couldn’t endorse paganism.”
He lost the ability to speak over the tears for a moment. “Not when we were finally getting ourselves figured out. I’m sorry I didn’t say it sooner, but I love you. I think you knew that, but sometimes you aren’t very sharp, and I needed you to know…”
“How’s it going?”
Benny just chuckled and looked up at the sky. It was overcast, so he wasn't having any problems with the sun. "I think this is gonna be different. Things just kinda went south, you know?"
Dean chuckled, and it sounded fond. "Right. You're new. This..."
Dean looked at him and nodded, handing it over. He stood next to Cas and rubbed his back.
“Come on, man. We’ve got to get you dry. You can’t get hypothermic and die on us now, right?”
Allie’s wings tensed under Cas’s hands. “We don’t use the ‘m’ word. Momma always said it was racist.”
Cas kept his eyes on the windows. Something was moving.
He sat back down on the bed after he handed the two pills and the coffee to Cas.
Cas shook his head. "It did. But to sign up for a card, you had to have a residential address."
He shook his head. "No. There has to be something else."
“Then why’d he have it ladpocked?”
“Thank you for your time, Mr. Radley.”
Dean answered for him. “He remembers some Enochian spells. He wasn’t sure if they would still work, but I think it’s pretty obvious now that they can.”
Individual warnings: Language, wall sex.
Dean shrugged. "Cas is a modern kinda guy."
“She went out like all the others did. Apparently, she was a Knight of Hell, and the only thing that will kill one are those bombs, but you have to go atomic on them with it. That’s what Kevin said. And since he’s a prophet, I kinda trust his words.”
One of Dean’s hands that had been on his back moved up so he was cupping the side of his face, running his thumb gently over Cas’ cheekbone, and he knew Dean could feel the heat radiating off him by now. Dean shuffled a little bit closer, and he was closer than they had ever been before, like this. Cas was starting to feel a little dizzy, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care, because he could count every one of Dean’s freckles, if he wanted to.
“Look, I’m gonna get it eventually. You think you’re something cool but you aren’t. Let’s get inside.”
"Again. Totally the point."
She shrugged. “I guess so.”
Beechwood was just a normal high school, with a bunch of kids milling around, guys gawking at the Impala, and some cheerleaders eyeing Dean and giggling.
Cas didn’t really know what to say to that. Legion pouted a little. “Aww. Don’t you want to let poor Dean-o you’ve missed him, too?”
Sam was pacing up and down part of the small dirt trail that Kevin had found when he scouted through here. It was at a perfect place so they could see right down through an overgrowth of trees and brambles into the area around the old slaughterhouse. He really, really didn't like that they'd chosen a slaughterhouse for their HQ.
“Just for a separate cause. You fight for these guys, the humans. You are so loyal to them, you really
Sam climbed in and shut the door. His face and eyes were red, but it looked like maybe a weight had been lifted off of him.
Sam pulled into Harold Spencer’s driveway. It was a pretty nice neighborhood, almost as nice as the one they’d seen first that morning.
Castiel thought for a second and realized that that was one of those truths that may make Dean uncomfortable. "I didn't..."
There was a scrambling noise. “Guys? It’s Kevin. Kevin Tran.”
He had to hold back a completely inappropriate laugh, the kind that snuck up on you after something stressful.
Cas smiled sleepily and he snuggled his face into his pillow. Weird, now drunk sad Cas had turned into drunk sleepy Cas. “Thank you, mon ange.”
“They were
“You make that sound awful simple, Brother.”
are on on-call duty."
, and then he remembered that Cas meant he was hot in the of-course-they-turned-off-the-power-and-therefore-the-AC-to-her-room way.
Dean didn't have a chance to finish the sentence. Cas was angry, and still confused about his emotions, and he wanted to get out for fresh air and away from Dean. So he acted on an instinct; he turned and brought his knee up hard in-between Dean's legs. He made an almost comical squawking noise and let go of Cas's hand. He took the opportunity and bolted out the door.
speech about a Civil War battle that took place there. It took him almost twenty minutes to get rid of the nut.
. Not just the faint whisps of his aftershave, or the tangy hints of sweat that clung to Dean's temples, but now also low, whispery moans.
She glanced over at Cas. “Brother, I don’t blame you for that. With Raphael in command, it would have been worse. I would have rather had the chaos than the Apocalypse.”
“The case of the multiple dead Ashleys? Perhaps we should begin working.”
Like she had said on the phone, Jamie was easy to spot. She was sitting on a bench, a toddler next to her and she was keeping her eyes on another slightly older girl playing with a golden retriever. And yes, she was wearing a
Cas shuffled over to where he could see the screen. There was a young lady with long red hair and a friendly smile.
Dean hadn’t figured in that Cas still had casts on both wrists, but he didn’t think it would put him off too much. He still had full use of his fingers.
They were almost out of Napa when Sam made up his mind. “Hey, Dean.”
something was wrong, he
Dude was seriously creeping Dean out now. “Uh, can we have some alone time here? Do our investigation work?”
He squeezed Cas' hands again. "Wanna sleep in here?"
Sam had joined them. “Uh…Not to me.”
He shrugged, looking through the papers in the file. “Okay, I think that’s a good idea. From what it says here, it doesn’t sound like he was associated with many others besides the people at the shelter.”
"Dean mentioned that you two were somehow in danger, too."
As soon as they got out of the building they turned on Cas. “Dude, what was that about?”
If Sammy had noticed a change, he didn’t mention it. He didn’t sit in on the Star Trek marathons because Dean would say his favorite lines along with the movie and he left about five minutes after that.
Before Cas could ask what it was, exactly, that Dean would be thinking about, Dean leaned back. He shrugged out of his jacket, and then his green and blue flannel shirt. They both ended up on the floorboard.
"Dude, that's not true! Come on, Benny was like a brother to me for a long time. And I kinda liked Meg sometimes. I've met some really nice ghosts…"
Cas got Dean back under the covers, and then got back in himself. “What are you doing?”
After about a week, he’d mostly healed. He still had some cuts and most of the ribs on his left side still felt either broken or at least really bruised, but other than that he was fine.
So he found him, and proceeded to embarrass himself. Dean had been telling him to stop and he hadn’t listened. He knew that was a very bad thing to do, something that could be unforgivable. But Dean seemed once again to be determined to ignore that. He had helped him, made sure he was okay. When Cas had woken around six thirty that morning, the trash can next to his bed proved invaluable.
“Hmm.”
Sam had really been worried about Dean the last few days. He was upset too, Cas was his friend and had saved his life a lot of times. He'd do just about anything for the guy. But Dean was doing bad. Sam knew he didn't sleep, he'd hardly eaten anything, and one night Sam had almost knocked on his door to check on him, and he could hear his brother crying. Sam had wanted so badly to go in and tell Dean that it was going to be okay, they'd get Cas back safe and sound, but he knew Dean wouldn't appreciate that.
a simple haunting. The problem was that the ghost
J looked him over. “How’d you know Spence exactly?”
Cas shook his hand, not too surprised when Crowley yanked him into a brief hug. He tried to glare at the demon, but felt like it was just a half-hearted habit. They both looked over.
. I will.”
“Thank you, Cas. I want that, too.”
“Leave, Dean. I need to concentrate.”
Sam kept looking at Chuck. “Dude. You can’t cuss in front of
She laughed. "Oh, dear, I have every intention. But not right now."
Dean slumped in his chair. “You gotta be kidding me. Meg? Really?”
“I don’t think of you as a child. I think of you as my friend, who just needs to learn a few things. Hell, we’re always learning stuff. Sam had to teach me and Bobby how to use a computer. And he was a condescending bitch the whole way through. At least with me. Bobby would’a shot at him.”
J sat on a sofa that should be salted and burned as quick as possible, and lit up a freshly rolled joint. “Man, accidents don’t happen.”
It clicked. "Oh. Masturbation. Yes, I do that."
“He gave Lizzy a way to find us and tip us off. He was able to keep himself hidden, so we couldn’t have figured it out that way. He purposefully made all the killings look biblical…”
“So what now?” Sam broke the silence.
Well, duh, there was news to nobody. “Uh huh.”
"Bar?"
He was starting to feel sick. “Those spells take up a lot of energy.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Why?”
Sam scrolled through his contacts. “Mother, Uncle, Uncle, Jeff, Alex, Diane…Lily? She didn’t mention a Lily.”
Sam must have kicked him under the table because Dean jumped. “Shut up. I wanted one more decent salad before we go back to the land where they don’t know the difference between escarole and endive.”
be in charge.”
Lucifer/Sam sniffed in mock tears. “Aww. I’m a proud Papa.”
“You mean ‘a concussion’. Yes.”
“These mountains. It was a slow process, but Uriel and I enjoyed watching them come up. Higher and higher.”
Cas put his phone away. “She can feel Metatron in Heaven, he’s never left. And she can feel Michael and Lucifer still in their cage. But there are no other angels, unless they’re hiding themselves very, very well.”
Dean pulled into the driveway and a guy in a suit came out to meet them. Dean wasn’t going to deny that he found some men attractive (Doctor Sexy), but all his attention had been on Cas for a while. But this guy…just
A bumblebee buzzed over and landed on a purple flower nearby. Dean smiled and looked at Cas.
He had finished Charlie's book. It was very enjoyable, and he related to the main character in a way he had not expected. He too had been cast out from his family and made an exile. Now he was going to have to find the next book in the series.
“The others?”
The secretary looked confused. “Serial murders?”
Cas spit in the sink and looked at him curiously. "Okay. Why?"
“I was
It happened about a week later. They all went into town on separate missions. Dean needed a part for the Impala, Sam needed some kind of software for his computer, and Cas had heard about a used bookstore that he hadn’t known they had.
J handed the joint back to Dean. “Man, you get to go and smack the hell out of some balls…great stress relief.”
“Hello.”
They smiled at each other, Cas feeling embarrassed again, although he couldn’t say why. Dean took a step back, and Cas let his hands drop from his shoulders. “Come on, let’s go back in. I finally got around to picking up a TV while you guys were gone, and a whole bunch of movies. Time to start on your pop culture education.”
“Hey, Cas. Sam and me are about two hours out.”
? Cas followed Dean towards the large tree on the small hill. “Do I have to cover my eyes again?”
There was a long moment of quiet before Cas sighed. “I can’t protect him, or you, not the way I used to. And I worry.”
Dean began shuffling around and huffed when Cas made a whiney noise in his throat. "Look, man, if I don't pick up, he'll call you. When you don't pick up, he'll drive out here. Neither of us want that."
Cas gestured around. “They would sacrifice children by way of fire to tribute gods. In this case, I think Courtney was worshiping Moloch.”
She sat back in her chair. “He was really happy to see us. He was hugging Kevin…Oh, and guess what. He was totally lying about his mom being dead! He just sent her to Alaska under constant guard. She’s on her way back now. And he gave Kevin the Leviathan tablet, no strings attached.”
The three of them were on some poltergeist thing, just on the other side of the Oklahoma border when Dean got snatched. These demons were very interested in what exactly was on that tablet. He wasn’t sure what they expected was gonna be there, but they were determined to get at it. And they were resorting to pretty extreme measures. He tried all kinds of ways to escape, but they had set up spells and all sorts of bad mojo.
Cas dumped both the coat and the umbrella down. “It is none of your business, Dean! I can go where and when I want. I am not your prisoner to keep in this bunker, just for the sake of your selfish abandonment issues! If I want to go, I can go!”
last.”
“Well, right now I’m at the dog park. I’m wearing a really purple shirt.” Jamie hung up.
Cas continued drifting in and out. He never felt like he slept for a long while, but he heard movement out in the bunker sooner than he thought he would, but he was out again before he knew what it was.
"Okay. You wanna talk about it?"
Cas was still watching him when Dean’s eyes fluttered open. There was that warm feeling again.
“Well, no one called the F.B.I in on this, but really, I’m glad you’re coming down. This case…ain’t nobody seen anything like this. When are you gonna get here?”
Cas nodded and sniffled, and Sam noticed Dean was fiddling with the matchbook; he knew Dean didn't want to do something that was going to make Cas upset.
Cas looked down. "I'm really sorry about that."
, long life before meeting us. And it’s easy to just think of how new you are to all this. So, I’m sorry. I’ll try and not just dismiss you like that.”
be what you fell for."
“Dean often regards me as a joke. He is...insensitive at most things. And Sam has a tendency to second guess me, which…”
Cas looked at him sharply. “What?”
Dean had sat down in a chair facing Hannah, so she couldn’t see the stink face Cas threw at him.
“I’m actually a therapist. Did you know that?”
He held his hand up. “No, I understand. I believe Crowley maybe shielded by something, but if my sources are correct, he should be free.”
Sam held back a laugh. This was his brother who had told him disgusting details of his sexcapades for years and now he was too shy about this. Priceless.
Kevin rolled his eyes at Dean’s blank expression. “It means ‘great work’. Everything’s translated.”
Dean zoned out while the two of them talked back and forth about the ritual, and how it was supposed to go. He knew Death had been a huge help in the past, and he was really grateful for it, but it was…You know,
They all looked at each other. “Two Wheel Tuesday?”
It had been sitting innocently on the small table, the home laminated bookmark reading LIVE LAUGH LOVE in sparkle glitter calligraphy sticking out at an odd angle. Cas had picked it up, curious. The story was contrite; an investigative journalist lives with a multimillionaire in order to get acquainted for the piece she was writing. Along the way, she learns of his dubious past, and digs into his heart. They'd had carnal relations three times already, and Cas was only halfway through.
“Y’all have a good day.”
Chuck had the gall to actually snort at him. “Seriously? That was a kind of convenient plot device, don’t you think? I mean, it’d be like Harry Potter having a Horcrux seeking medallion.”
He flipped it, and the floor beneath them started moving down. Slow, like an elevator. Buried under the shed was a much larger concrete basement. The slab of floor they came down on touched the bottom and to the left, right next to Cas was a light switch and another switch like the one that operated the lift. He flipped on the light switch and immediately regretted it.
They were soon in the checkout lane.
He glanced back over and Cas was actually smiling a little. "Yes. Thank you."
Ruth leaned forward and whispered in his ear. “And I’ll make sure
He gawked at Cas for a minute. "Why are you saying that? You did what you thought was right at the time. Yeah, you were being crazy and shit, but Raphael's followers would probably have killed you."
“Fine. I’m thinking that this time tomorrow we could all be rotting corpses here in this stupid bunker, and I’m not down with that.” He huffed, but Cas just tilted his head at him and squinted slightly.
When Sam got up the next morning, and he went into the kitchen to start a pot of coffee, he saw Cas sitting with his elbows on the table and his forehead in his hands. He was worried at first, and was about to ask if he was okay, but then Sam saw the empty bottle on the kitchen counter and grinned.
Something was weird with his voice, like he was angry or frustrated.
Sam nodded. “Yeah. Things on this case just keep getting weirder the longer we dig into them. A demon? Possessing someone and doing…I don’t know, angel impersonations?”
Luckily, Charlie had sent all the stuff for Cas just a few days before. Dean had called and asked her to get some essentials; driver’s license, a couple of scammed credit cards, in case of emergency only, and some fake ID badges. Dean got a faded old wallet out that he barely remembered still having and set it up for Cas. He was amused that the driver’s license had him listed as ‘Cas Novak’. She must have found Jimmy’s name from those damn books of Chuck’s. He made sure to slip a few bills into it, just in case, and a card with his, Sam’s, Kevin’s and Garth’s phone numbers. He gave it to Cas and told him not to lose it.
Sam jerked his head up. “How long are you gonna be gone?”
"Okay. Thank you."
okay, dude. What the hell happened up there?”
Cas looked at Dean, taking in the subtle order in his tone. "What..."
Dean wrinkled his nose. “Gross.”
“You’re being all…shy and…weird.”
That actually got a small laugh from Cas. Lettie showed up with a few bottles of ink. “Which shade, Hun?”
Intense squealing.
Cas started setting everything together, and Sam sat next to him. “So, can Crowley fix what happened?”
A few days later, Dean was in his room. He’d just showered and had gotten dressed and was towel drying his hair when there was a knock at the door.
Looking back, Dean wasn’t sure how they ended up there, but they sat at other ends of the tub in the bathroom, handing the champagne bottle back and forth and just talking.
Cas was sitting in an arm chair that Dean had helped him move into his room, so he would have a comfortable reading spot, and that’s what he was doing, reading one of his slightly worn books.
Chuck shook his head at Cas. “Nice move, by the way. I was all set to return to Heaven and restore order, but…”
He was more than enjoying it. Dean felt bright, like the sun coming out from behind a cloud, and Cas wasn’t afraid of the dark anymore. Because Dean was with him. Then Dean was pulling back, and Cas opened his eyes again, not even remembering closing them.
He looked worried. “What’s up?”
“Yeah, sure. Whatever you say, Cas.”
He jerked again as Mason took control again.
He set three large, plain looking folders and the two stone tablets down on the kitchen table Sam, Dean, and Cas were sitting at.
Dean looked at Cas and shook his head. “You know how Sam’s been. He practically grabbed the wheel to pull over himself.”
Eventually, the crying calmed down into weak sniffles, and then stopped entirely. Cas made a move to pull back, and Dean loosened his arms so that he could.
"What do
Allie snorted. “Are they gonna kill me? That may be a problem.”
Hesitantly, Dean felt Cas reach around him, trying to return the embrace, but seemed like he wasn’t sure what to do with his hands. Dean pulled away, letting him off the hook.
. “So it definitely is just the one person?”
He was even paler than he had been before. “He’ll be okay, Dean. Everything’s okay.”
What was he going to do now?
Crowley shook his head. “You really are crazy.”
Castiel had a door open not far from the Bunker, and transferred command to Hannah in his absence. He wasn’t entirely sure what he expected when he banged on the door to the Bunker, but it certainly wasn’t Sam hauling him inside and then punching him hard across his jaw.
“He will be bound to me, much the same way Death can be bound.”
, he wasn’t sure how, led to videos of kittens doing adorable shit almost an hour later.
“Charlie? What’s…”
Dean had gone over and pulled a dark purple sheet off a table and sighed. “Yeah, and I don’t think she worked alone.”
He did both, crouching down and dropping the fire onto the bones.
“So, a prophet who only knows how to use a squirt gun, a LARPer, and a guy who manages not to trip over his feet on a good day took out one of the most powerful demons we’ve met. Sammy, I think we’re off our game.”
He was busy packing up all his things; for some reason Dean had gotten him new toothbrush, God only knew what happened to the last one. Cas was at the table, using one of the motel’s washcloths to get the last of the chalk drawings off of it.
“It looks relatively easy, I imagine it won’t be a problem.”
“Hello? Is this Lily? Yes, I’m calling to ask if you know a Caleb…”
Sam shrugged. “You’re attracted to women. You
Cas stood up and pushed his chair back under the table. “I’ll show you.”
“You know, you probably could have looked all that up in the archives inside.”
“Sam…”
“Good to know, Sammy.”
After several attempts, many of them utter failures, Dean managed to cook some of the recipes that Benny had left. Benny himself had called Dean a couple of days after they’d gotten back home.
Dean turned away from Cas in an obvious dismissal, trying to wave down the beleaguered bartender. Cas slid off the stool, and began to move his way across the room, slipping between groups of people all crowded together.
Dean snorted. “Dude, whatever. I am
Cas sighed. “As for the eyes being burned out…”
“Oh, good, we were just about to…”
He turned around. "What in the hell are you talking about?"
Sam looked at Dean. “Up to you, man. But I gotta ask…”
Cas glanced at his arm. “Is there some sort of ointment that will make this hurt less?”
He just went back over to the computer, muttering “It was just a suggestion,” under his breath.
“That would be his dirty secret, then.”
She patted her stomach. “Caleb knew he’d be taken out of his Momma’s will. And he wanted that money so our daughter and us would be secure. So we were going to wait.”
Sam pulled his phone out. “It’s stupid, because it can mean so many different things. Whatever is doing this, if it’s leaving clues, they’re the
"Cas?"
He never would have picked himself out as the kind who’d clean-when-nervous.
Cas lifted up, leaning on his elbow. “Yeah?”
“Are you making a crossroads deal?”
Cas took a deep breath; he was feeling lightheaded. "I am
John Monroe’s apartment was very sparse. He had a smallish T.V with a DVD player and a small stack of movies, an old couch, a T.V dinner tray. There wasn’t much in the kitchen. Frozen dinners, milk that was a month past due, an unopened bottle of champagne. The bathroom was small and dirty, and smelled very unpleasant. There was only one bedroom, and it was cluttered with what Cas could only assume was memorabilia from his life.
Sighing again, Dean sank back into the chair, only just realizing he was covered in three different people’s blood. There were other people in the waiting room who looked in worse shape, so he didn’t worry about it. Absentmindedly, Dean pulled out his phone.
Dean sighed and rubbed his head. “Okay. Well, then what happened?”
"I need to ask. Is anything wrong? Like, does anything feel broken still or…Do you think you need to go to the hospital?"
He now pointed at his brother. “I told you we should’ve left him at the Bunker!”
“Sam figured Lucifer destroyed it.”
He let Lucifer back in the front of Sam’s head. “Overlooking the fact that we’re going to ‘
He nodded. “Okay. So we need to find them. How do we do that?”
"It, no. It's not blasphemy when I do it."
They all turned on their flashlights when they got in, and the cave stretched back further under the sand dunes than it really looked like it should.
She turned to glance at Cas. “Well. It’ll be longer for you. Uh, days maybe. No longer than two weeks, at the very most. But you
Cas did so, pushing his hips up far enough to slide his jeans and boxers down.
Dean took his shirts off, trying to get a look at the hole in his upper arm.
"We over did it, huh?"
He dropped next to the…whatever he was now, and checked to make sure he was still breathing and had a pulse. “Cas…”, he muttered, shaking his shoulders a little, “Cas, you hear me, man?”
Sam huffed. There was something Dean wasn’t telling him, and he was gonna find out what it was.
“Just come on.” Dean dragged him out of the room by his elbow, but Cas didn’t resist. He led him down to the shooting range, where he had arranged a small arsenal of the different guns that they usually used.
From the way Cas pronounced it, it sounded French, but they were both asleep before Dean could ask what it meant.
"It's from Sam. He wants to know why you aren't answering his messages."
He sat down, well, he kind of plopped down, and Dean handed him the ice packs and what he’d managed to pull together.
"Come on, man. Anything that bothers you this bad is important.
"Seriously. Go, man. See ya later. I'll call if I can't walk to the motel."
He felt Cas laugh a little. After a few minutes, they were both asleep.
“Oh.”
“That Risa chick.”
“A whosit?”
He shrugged. "The Gas n' Sip sold books like this. I never minded reading them. Not that I had much of a choice."
He held out what was obviously a hex bag.
Dean resisted rolling his eyes. “Seriously? Did you just miss me coming my brains out?”
"Everyone agreed with what they were getting into. We're on a mission here, people."
“That’s about all I got, guys.”
“Sister Kara…” She was tiny and had huge gold curls.
He led the way out of the bunker and up through the trail to the garden. Cas started to feel confused. He had found the place, what could Dean possibly have to show him that he hadn’t already seen?
“Thanks. Couple of flashlights, too.”
Lucifer/Sam nodded. “Agreed. Come here and we’ll get back to your Bunker.”
"I'm not gay."
“What the hell?”
Cas was halfway finished with the last section of feathers when Dean returned with a six-pack. Sam had come back to his seat, having settled down some. Dean handed him one of the beers.
"That's becoming uncomfortable."
Cas leaned forward so he could talk to Sam. “Are you feeling well?”
But that was before. He doubted Dean needed him anymore, not in the same way.
“Dean, that’s where I was holding you when I recreated your body. My Grace put all the pieces where they were supposed to go, but, see, I had to
"I miss being an angel. That's what I'm so upset about, okay? I miss it and I know I'll never be one again." Dean looked over, and Cas was blinking tears away.
“Nope. Me and Cas are just fine. Right, babe?”
That surprised a chuckle out of the other man, who snorted against his hand and shook his head. "You little shit."
Sam got up. “Okay, well, here’s another. How’d a paraplegic walk from his chair over here…”
He smiled, but it was a sad kinda smile. “Yes. I like the bees.”
Cas shrugged again. “No idea. But the man said it appeared that Dr. Adams was going in from being out in his shed. I suspect we’ll find whatever his ‘big secret’ is in there.”
As it turned out, all four houses had hex bags in them.
“You’re acting weird, Cas.”
“Do something! Please!”
Sam shook his hand, even though he wasn't happy with this, the man
He did so. "Now hold on."
“Hey. Tomorrow morning, I’ll make eggs, and I’ll walk you through it. How’s that?”
“Yes, but the same plant also produces small, white flowers that smell nothing resembling coffee.”
Cas didn’t take his hand away, but he moved a little so he was in Dean’s field of vision. “I think sometimes you forget. I rebuilt you from the inside out, cell by cell. I
Sam smiled. “Great. They have these awesome salad bars.”
Dean huffed. “Her neighbor Nora found her. She saw water coming down the driveway and went to check. Linda was watering the plants at the side of the house when it hit her.”
Dr. Soong walked further into the room. “They were all found this way. We can’t move them from these positions, and trust me, we’ve tried. Basically, they’re stone. Even their clothing and hair is the same way.”
While they waited for the draining to finish, Crowley started talking.
. Turned around and smiled. It was uncomfortably familiar and alien at the same time. His eyes were completely black.
Cas shook his head. “It’s stupid. And a huge and ridiculous leap, even for you.”
Her eyes widened. “Oh, of course! Sheriff Alexander told me to be expecting you. Let me go get him real quick.”
“How are you doing?” He looked amused and Dean figured he must have flour on his face or something.
! And he had no doubt in his mind that that douche-nozzle Metatron was behind this bullshit.
“Hey!”
Her eyes got huge and she whispered, “Are you an angel?”
Dean looked hilariously appalled by the suggestion. "We ain't hicks!"
She gripped his shoulders and looked at him very seriously. "I love you."
“These are all manuscripts and spells and lore. I want to try reading fiction.”
"For the..." He gestured at Cas's groin. "Most of it's on the shirt, but...Anyway."
"Stay please?"
Cas sat as well. "I apologize."
He considered the list Sam had given him, and read the summaries on the backs and read the first few pages. He ended up with a copy of ‘Paradise Lost’, which he had kind of already read, but it had been hundreds of years ago, the novelization of ‘The Wrath of Khan’, that had
"Yeah. But if you're thinking about goin' back…"
“Yes?” Cas turned around so he could see him.
She sniffed, and some of her eyeliner was starting to smudge. “I found him. And I was scared. So I went back in. It had to be a dream, right? That…That wasn’t
He moved to the bottom of the ramp a few feet away. “…to over there?”
“Besides, I’m already thirty minutes away.”
He had to roll his eyes. "I know."
doing laundry. You still won't let me handle the washing powders."
"Didn't like that, huh?"
They had a rhythm started up. Dean with his hands holding Cas by the hips and the backs of his thighs, panting into his hair and his ear, kissing in between moans. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's shoulders, holding on because it felt like he was going to float away, and burying his face in Dean's neck.
He grew quiet again, and Cas resumed his sketching, and they stayed out well into the afternoon.
He pulled on the end of his amulet; he’d been doing that every so often, just to remind himself it was there. “Sorry about your nose.”
Sam looked carefully at the paper. “So…this will call Lucifer here. Then what?”
There was a metal table, and what looked like a lot of different chemicals on a row of shelves against the wall. There were some notes pinned up here and there, and some printed out pictures.
Cas looked down at his lap. “Now I feel ashamed.”
"Hey, you know some French, right?"
“They aren’t. Only a sword forged with the blood of a dragon will work.”
“The only way to kill one of my kind is decapitation. Ever try to cut off your own head? It isn’t easy.”
Lucifer, back in Nick’s form, was standing there, next to the bed.
Jamie smiled. “Yep. Named her Regina.”
He looked shy all of a sudden. “Can we have pancakes for breakfast tomorrow?”
Cas shoved at Dean’s arm. "I need to use the restroom."
“Are you going somewhere?”
Cas shrugged. “One more mystery to put on top of the million of mysteries we already have from this case.”
“Dean? I need you to stand back.”
He sighed. “Charlie…”
Cas looked surprised. “I…Yeah. That’s what I’ve been thinking.”
DUN-DUN-DUN-DUNNNNN!!!
He closed the book. “Sound familiar? Strong men, hair shorn, eyes gone, names suspiciously close to Samson?”
“Uhm…Ashley ambushed Mason, knocked her out. Took her to an abandoned house on the outskirts of town. Mason tried to fight back; Ashley grabbed a decorative spear off the mantelpiece, stabbed her, and then…beat her repeatedly with a small sledge hammer.”
The innocent girl hadn't survived.
Sam stood in shock. “What the hell?”
Cas threw his head back. “The car is not Sam’s!”
Just before they left Erwin, Dean saw an article in the paper that pointed to a few werewolf attacks in, of all the depressingly ironic places, Madison, Wisconsin. So they headed north to check it out. Unfortunately, when they got there, it was to find out that the attackers were actually a nest of almost rabid vamps that liked to tear people apart and then eat their hearts.
The man sighed. “The whole thing was…
“Yeah. From the neck down the vics are just in pieces. No signs of forced entry to any of the houses. No connections. The two husbands have alibis, they were working. Other two lived alone. No evidence, fingerprints, hair, murder weapons. I’m actually really glad you two are here because this case has been driving me crazy. The only weird thing at all had been this black goop at all the houses.”
Cas kept eating, wanting to try and get the whole bowl down. He suddenly felt starved.
"Man, you aren't thinking straight on this."
She sounded resigned and morose about it. As she turned, Cas realized she was in her pajamas, a ratty terry cloth robe tied around her waist. On her feet were house slippers that may have been pink at one point, many years ago. Her hair was pulled back, but obviously unwashed, and she had a smudge of dirt on her left cheek. She was, truly, very pitiful to behold.
Dean leveled him with a long, highly unimpressed look, while Allie turned her music off, trying not to laugh. “The three of you...Honestly, the last time I fed off a group this well, it was at a taping of Maury.”
It rang a few times. “Hello?”
It was Cas, and Dean immediately knew something was off with him. He swayed slightly where he stood, he looked like he was having a hard time focusing his eyes on Dean, and he seemed very serious about something.
He needed to go see Sam.
“Ruth, I am very sorry.”
The door banged open, and the last piece of the rescue mission came in, followed by Charlie, Kevin, and Garth.
"Not 'til you stop being a girl!"
Which, Dean so very,
Cas and Sam had gotten out, too, and Cas had his nose in the case file. “The victim and her family are very environmental. Maybe they don’t want the engine fumes or something.”
“I can fix that, come on.”
“You’re Legion’s creator, not me.”
to know he was close to Cas.
Cas thought for a minute. “Do you have
Cas looked at him like he was crazy. “What?”
Cas felt something hot run up the back of his neck. “Oh.”
Cas locked the door. "Yes. He did."
Sam was back at the motel, left with only a pair of boxers that were actually Castiel's. He'd stayed behind because the wraith had banged his shoulder pretty badly, and he had a nasty bruise on his cheek.
It came out sounding horrible, and his throat felt like it was on fire. He tried a little louder. "Sam?"
"Uh, Dean?"
Sam jumped up and ran over to a connected bathroom where there was a mirror. “Oh my God! My
Sam leaned forward in the chair, rubbing at the angry line across his throat. “Ugh. I think she drugged me in the diner, because I don’t remember much after that. I came to in here, and she said she was sacrificing me to make her more powerful. It got a little hazy again, then there was this pop.”
He squeezed around his shoulders and he was shaking again from the tears. This was almost as bad as loosing Dean all over again.
, you can call me. I will do whatever I can.”
“Pack up, man, we’re headed for Florida.”
“No. If there’s awesome, cursed sunken treasure, you’re going to need a scuba diver. And I’m certified!”
“This was hidden under the man’s bed.” They knelt on the floor next to him and he opened the flaps on the box.
"Yeah. And you too."
Cas did everything in his power to focus his mind. He was
“Lemme get this straight…You want me to get a boat, so we can go and find this rock…That this here kid had a dream about?”
Lizzy looked around the table. “Thank you all for listening to the message. I hope something good will come from it.” She stood.
“Whoa. Someone got lucky.”
“That’s as close as I think I can get. She’s shielded it.”
It was just getting dark, and Dean had retreated to his room. Sam was busy doing research on Nephilim, which they guessed was the closest thing to what these kinda-angels are. He’d been helping him, but Sam told him he was being distracting and to go away.
do it?"
“Weird stuff for a vegan to be eating. I think we need to check this place out.”
“Maybe it is just possessing one person, then.”
Their lodgings weren't helping, either. Since they knew they'd be a while, Dean had located an abandoned house outside of town, rather than rent rooms. It was drafty, and Cas could feel mold in the air. Every floorboard creaked, there was no electricity save for an unreliable generator, and there were creatures in the walls. They had set up mats for sleeping, and by Day Twelve, had set up something to resemble a living room. There were maps, notes, and photos strung along the walls, and Sam had been delighted to discover he could piggyback off of a neighborhood wifi.
Cas just tilted his head in confusion. “Why is a vengeful ghost leaving hex bags?”
He turned to Sam. “It may not be too late. But this isn’t a demon we can exorcise. It is a true Knight of Hell, more powerful than any other demon. To separate Legion and Dean, we would need the one who created him, and that’s the only one who can control it.”
He managed to look back at Cas, who looked a little relieved. “Thank you. I can help him, but I need to focus, and I can’t
“Cas, I wanted to ask you something else. Why’d you ask Death where the Colt was?”
He just shook his head. “Nope. Fine.”
Dean knocked on Cas’s door and just walked in. Once more the familiar scene; Cas, files, dust in his hair.
But Sam was ignoring Dean. “So your power is in your wings? Is that how this works?”
Cas frowned, but nodded. It was an odd request, but he would do what he could. He got another kiss for that. It seemed that Dean was finished with his chest, because he stayed, exploring Cas's mouth with his own. He pulled back long enough to say, "Ready when you are."
“That’d be good, yeah.”
He started towards the cellar doors. “This is very aggravating.”
“I think. If I touch that handprint, I may be able to draw Grace from it.”
“Why don’t you think you need to sleep?”
Dean gagged. “Yeah, man, have fun with that.” He parked at a motel.
“Hey. You okay, man?”
The two men sat in silence for a long time. Cas had the distinct feeling that Dean wanted to have words with him, even as he shoveled an inhuman sized fork-full of pie into his mouth. But once the pie was gone, Dean leveled Cas with a long look.
Dean’s voice came to his ears, sounding oddly distant. “Uh, well you know how Sam is. He likes to keep some things private. Besides, we met Eileen right after you...Well, the whole Lucifer thing.”
He shrugged. “Maybe if you just wanna hold my hand.”
Individual warnings for this chapter: Graphic violence, torture, depressed/anxious/morbid thoughts and actions, sexy times, mentions of animal cruelty, language.
suggested he go into 'deep cover', so he hadn't seen Sam or Dean in three days.
He sank down next to Sam on the couch. "I just don't know what to do, man. He's so touch and go. I can't…There's nothing I can do to help him."
Much.
He turned to Cas and looked at him very,
“Hey. I trust you. You know that, right?”
Dean clapped him on the shoulder. "Benny, this is Charlie, Garth, and Kevin."
“Dean, don’t think I don’t know what you are doing,” he muttered as Dean shoved him into a dressing room with a couple of suits.
make?”
She nodded towards the house that was out of sight. “We wanted to start dating, but his Momma went so far as to file a restraining order so we couldn’t see each other.”
, I never thought we were. I just...I thought..."
“Happy tears, Cas.”
“So…Ruth was Bonded to an angel name Kerubiel. I…I
He shook his head. “No.”
The first thing Cas did upon entering Room 25 was turn on the television. Because of the storm, only one channel came in, and it was showing Gone With The Wind. So Cas set in to watch it, Scarlet's dilemma blocking out anything that may come from the other room.
Soon, Cas stood as Dean did. He thought that he'd feel naked under Dean's gaze. He had felt naked with April. Naked and confused. But Dean's eyes didn't make him naked. They made him hungry.
She brightened a little. “But he’s gone. So he can’t hurt Momma, right?”
with my arm out of its socket. Can you help me with that?”
He felt a numb feeling go through his head, because,
Then he did the unexpected, and slipped a hand into his pocket, pulling out the car keys and sliding them to Cas.
He felt nervous mentioning it. “This case. The last ghost possessed me and I shot Dean. I fear I will cause you some harm. And Dean may not forgive me for that again.”
He leaned over the computer with a huffed out, “Bossy”.
"You found something then?"
Making out in the front seat was
Cas leaned back to look at him. “Blasphemy seems to be my middle name.”
Sam rolled his eyes. It was something Dean would have categorized as a chick flick moment, and he was actually surprised Dean had brought it up at all, thinking he would repress it. After the almost devastating results of the trials, Dean and Sam had agreed that, to keep their relationship together, both as brothers and as partners, they had to promise complete honesty in the future. Dean had done most of the talking, halting a lot and staring at the ceiling, and Sam was still too weak to laugh at him, but he really wanted to. But they had promised each other. So this must mean Dean had something he needed to tell him.
Sam coughed some. “I guess he’ll need a lot of time to accept it, you know. That he’s permanently human. It’s gotta suck.”
He sighed. “Says his name is ‘Legion’. This…It’s worse than the Leviathans. Pure evil, that’s all I saw.”
That was where it got hard. These were the trained mangels. The soldiers. They were lightning fast, and just about impossible to see until they were a couple of feet in front of you. And these were armed with knives. Sam had been cut about four times before he was able to finally stab one, then cut its head off while it was distracted. He could hear the others fighting.
Cas pushed his finger in further, making him stretch, and he moved it around some. The pressure wasn’t as bad as it had been before, and Dean started relaxing just a little bit. But it was still kinda weird. Besides knowing that it was
Cas had to smile a little remembering the coffee, and Dean felt more confident that he wasn’t going to pass out now. His first morning in the bunker, Dean had made coffee. Cas had admitted that during his Biggerson’s exile, he had become fond of coffee. But as a human, that first sip was so different. It tasted so much better than anything he had ever put in his mouth before. He had said as much and Dean tried not to blush and Kevin nearly died laughing.
The first thing Dean noticed was a large banner hanging on the back wall, with the Serenity Prayer on it. A short, lanky kid with dulling purple hair, eyeliner, and flaking black fingernail polish came up to them.
Cas shrugged and reached his hand out for the keys. “I’ll get the bolt cutters.”
Dean started heating up. He should have figured Sammy would go digging rather than just say ‘thanks’.
“Dean, okay, what happened?”
gets a pass!”
, man!”
He seemed to be in a dim hospital room. Ugh, the last time he had been in a hospital was unpleasant enough. Not even a full day as a human and he was back here again. Not an auspicious start. He would have to work on a way to get his Grace back as soon as he got out of here. Cas looked around and noticed a figure sitting in a chair in the corner of the room.
“I thought the driver was…”
“We didn’t hear anything about it,” Dean sounded put out.
Then the phone clicked off. Dean stared at it a while until he saw Sam walking over to the car from across the parking lot.
He nodded. “Rita. What can you tell us about your husband?”
Cas was gently putting it back. “Thank you.”
Hell hadn’t really been hot. The pain, the terror caused most people to sweat, but really there was no true temperature. It just
Dean gripped at his hair, clearly agitated. He wasn't good at this, and Cas couldn't help him much, even when everything was normal.
Cas had already drained the glass of water and got another one. Crowley texted Sam soon after that he’d be back in the morning, so he went to bed. He saw Cas duck into the room that would have been his if he’d stayed in the Bunker.
He sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. “Moses went to talk to God…Well, he thought it was God. It was the messenger of God.”
Cas removed a page at random, and in pencil wrote at the top:
After they got in the car, Dean turned around in the seat. “I wanna see.”
Cas weighed it in his hand. “Well, this is interesting. Where’d you find it?”
Cas sounded frustrated. “Nothing. Like the Sherriff said, this is a mystery. The only clue is the one you have there.”
you, Dean.”
Cas turned and saw Dean's eyes looking right into him, shamelessly now. He started to wonder if the man was trying to tell him something.
“Yeah. ‘Night, Sammy.”
Charlie had been appalled to find out that they didn't have a single gaming system in the bunker, and had immediately ran out to her car to grab a spare PS2 and a hoard of games that she said she'd been planning on selling anyway.
“Come on. Tell me what’s wrong.”
Dean clicked around. “Okay. They did cremate the body, what parts they could salvage from that old house, but there’s probably some bits and blood sticking around. And yeah, this Mason girl was definitely a witch. There was the thing with her sister’s fiancé, but there were also a few lotteries, she won a bunch of contests…There’s more here than just really good luck.”
bored.”
“It wasn’t…”
Cas smiled. “She is a nice girl. I think she would be just as friendly with anyone she met.”
The tears started falling. “You don’t want me?”
Chuck didn’t look like he’d been hit. “And, also, I invented English, so there are no words I haven’t heard. Come on and sit down.”
He finally pushed the bunker door open when the cardboard box next to him rocked and let out a squeak. Dean sighed. “Yeah. Okay, we’re gonna go in.”
Sam looked impressed. “Huh. You learn something new every day. So, why is the place where Lincoln Adams killed covered in coffee flower powder?”
Cas picked his head up, and Dean kept petting through his hair. “Love you, Cas.”
“That wasn’t you, so don’t apologize for it.”
Dean had been right; it had been a while since they were in any way intimate, and it showed in the way that Dean almost immediately latched onto him and rolled them over so Cas was on his back.
Cas had closed his eyes again, but sucked on the straw. He hummed at the broth, Dean guessed he was enjoying it. They switched between water and broth until Sam came back.
He shook as Dean helped him stand a bit steadier, and picked his bag off the concrete. He started leading the way towards the diner, and sat him in a chair while they waited on Sam. Dean set next to Cas and leaned in.
And now his head, and his neck, even his damn ears were freezing now. So Dean gleefully went out and returned with toboggans, a few in normal colors, one a bright orange, and a hot pink one with
Castiel hesitated. Perhaps this
Cas had leaned into Dean for a little support, but he was able to step on his foot.
“Yeah?”
Dean groaned and flopped back down, pulling Cas with him, and he latched on Cas' neck. "Cas. You're sure?"
Sam looked around. “And it’s here?”
Cas turned to Crowley. “We need a few demons that you aren’t overly fond of.”
Jamie nodded toward a bench across from the one she was sitting on. She sighed. “I figured it would happen eventually.”
He ignored him. “Yes, Sam. God. He would have put Gabriel up to these antics. To get our attention. He or Gabriel couldn’t just come out and say ‘hey’. It’s not His way.”
“She’s an Alpha.”
Cas just ignored him and looked in the hair some more. “Their hair was shorn with a knife. Hacked off, more likely.”
Sam huffed and went back in the bathroom.
Dean chased his groan, tongue dipping deep into Cas's mouth before he pulled away. "Touch me, Cas."
She shoved him impossibly harder into the wall. “That isn’t good enough!”
“Who is Eileen?” The name was familiar, but Cas couldn’t remember now if she was someone he’d met or not.
this body!”
“I can help him, Dean. But I need you to help me first.”
Dean chuckled. "Close. They're line dancing. Rule Number...Fuck, I forgot. Whatever, Number of Humanity, if you're this far south and Achy Breaky Heart, or Boot Scootin' Boogie comes on the radio, everyone line dances."
? Those…Puppies, oh my
was supposed to go.
Sam looked like he was only half awake. “Hungry.”
“Do you know what it is? A boy or a girl?”
Dean could feel Cas behind him and he was shaking again. Chuck walked up to them and had the decency to look nervous.
Everything was fuzzy. “I am so sorry, Dean. You…have problems, with people going away. Please don’t…”
Dean just shook his head, and chugged half of the first can. “How long is this bullshit gonna last?”
She shrugged. “I have his phone. He’d have all his friends in it, wouldn’t he?”
“We can’t just leave him in there, Dean,” and “He needs to go to the hospital, too,” and “I’m not getting in the car until you promise to bring him.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Dude, all that time you were on Garth’s boat made you over paranoid.”
“So, Cas...Are we going to do this, or what?”
“Remember how we used to go to Vegas every year? We haven’t done that since…”
“Do you know what this is?”
Cas didn’t say anything for a few minutes. “Okay. Well what is this errand we are running?”
Dean had a feeling he was going to be laughed at. "What's 'mon ange' mean?"
He tilted his head. “Because here in the police report, you said you found him when you woke up at seven, and called fifteen minutes later. The transcript of the recording is here.”
“There’s a Human Tablet?”
Cas nodded. “I’m afraid so.”
Florida was what Hell was supposed to be. They say that shit about it’s not the heat, it’s the humidity, but in Florida it was both. And, of course, they got there in the middle of the day and breathing was enough to make you want to throw up.
"Well, yeah I guess. But, it was just a vamp nest. A guy like Terry, I figured he'd go out big."
Cas smiled faintly at him, the first smile he had seen in a long while. "Thank you."
Sam turned it on and huffed. “Passcode.”
Finally, he got a real smile out of Cas. "That was
Of course, Meg loved Sam. He’d brought the treats, after all. To Dean’s eventual relief, she disappeared into the bunker, exploring more. He hadn’t been lying about the mice thing. The sooner Psycho Cat could make herself useful the better.
Dean looked at him, an unguarded pain in his eyes. "You...You scared the shit outta me. I thought...Well, life's short. Like the philosopher said, 'death ain't nothing but a heartbeat away."
“Okay, guys. Garth has a poltergeist in Portland.”
"Thank you."
Sam scrubbed at his face and nodded. “I’ll help you over to Dean.”
Dean nodded. “So, it’s okay?”
Gravity worked against them, and most of Dean's come ended up on Cas. But Dean ended up smearing it all over himself, the strength in his arms giving out, and he collapsed on Cas's chest, his lips touching against Cas's jaw.
“My eyes would burn out. So you touched my arm with a really,
Dean felt his own face getting hotter now. “Well. Uh, that means, it means a lot Cas.”
Cas lowered the gun. “I did not mean to be aiming at the wall.”
“This is my number.”
He pointed at a tall, ancient oak tree draped in Spanish moss. “Yeah.”
He wasn’t gonna lie. That felt fucking awesome, and he was man enough to admit that he had made an obsene groan at that. Cas was kissing and sucking down to Dean’s chest now, and he realized he had pushed his hands up Cas’ shirts, making them ride up to his ribs, and was running his hands up and down his back, and when had that happened?
Dean kept washing his face. “You did a really good job in there, you know.”
J nodded. “Yeah, we been workin’ for a few years now.”
Then a smile lit up his face. “Oh, no, better idea. Let’s pretend to still be mad, and when he comes in he’ll throw a shit-fit.”
Dean was still hurting, but he was able to drive now. “Okay, so tell me, how is this our kind of case?”
"Here, Cas. I was telling you about this the other day. I have another copy at home."
"You...Cas, I'm gonna try and say this as nicely as I can. We ain't boyfriends."
But from what he had seen, he knew what
, but Dean didn't seem inclined to help. Could he...just...
After Cas had gotten a little bit of strength back, they continued with the actual showering part of the shower. Cas washed Dean's hair for him, and they lathered each other with soap.
Cas tilted his head. “That disappoints you?”
"I'm not gonna leave."
Dean looked over at Sam. “We should go by the A.A place first, right? I mean, this sponsor guy probably knew her the best.”
While Sam walked ahead and kept his eyes on the screen that would tell him if there was place where something was buried, Dean and Cas followed and were talking, too soft for him to hear. Not that he minded. He still had no idea what had caused the two of them to be infected with the giggles the night before, and he was pretty sure he didn't want to know.
“Seriously? How did you get this?”
“Yeah, as long as it’s that design, the color won’t matter.”
He made himself focus a little. “You didn’t over…”
“Dude. You just full on Queen Elsa’d Lady Voldemort.”
He pulled a paper out of his coat. It had scribbly writing that looked like Enochian on it. “This spell is one of the few things I was able to get out of Metatron. It took forever, but I got it. It can summon the Grace of any angel, no matter where it is, including the Cage. It was a carefully guarded secret, but Naomi left behind some very useful methods for getting those out.”
Dean hummed, basically lying on the unit. “You pick man. No, wait, you’re a frost giant, I get the bed closest to this beauty.”
Cas had taken the pills and was on his second coffee and third glass of water when Sam set the plate full of greasy fried eggs, bacon, extremely buttered toast, and fried hashbrowns. He turned a little pale.
The bathroom door began to open, and Dean shook his head. "I do not
He held his hands out and there was a Monarch butterfly walking around. “I think he likes me. Hasn’t flown off yet.”
The other man huffed. "It's..."
“Hi. Cas promised to fix my hair!”
It took longer to get all the caked blood out of Cas' hair, and then to get him shaved because there was blood stuck all in the almost four day beard Cas had growing. But then they had him in a faded Foreigner shirt and he looked almost normal.
loud. Just ignore him."
“Huh.” Cas glanced over at Dean, who was licking at his bottom lip. “She was made out of grape jelly.”
, and all set to go out and get it on with waitress-chick. Now here, take care of her, you understand?”
“Chuck?”
“Yeah. What about it?”
girl. She was so nice. I couldn’t believe what I saw that morning…I don’t think I could ever forget it.”
"Okay, Sammy. You're right. We'll go on a drive." He hesitated and finally looked at Cas. "If that's cool with you?"
been on Sam’s list but he spotted it and knew he must have it, the ‘Lord of the Rings’ trilogy and ‘The Hobbit’, ‘A Tale Of Two Cities’, ‘Moby Dick’, and a copy of ‘Grimm’s Fairy Tales’, that had lovely illustrations in it.
Especially when he started saying shit like, ‘I came, I saw, I Garth’d it in the ass! Aw, wait, that didn’t come out right…’.
He poked at Sam, who grunted at him irritably. “What?”
It was a younger woman’s voice.  “Uhm, hi. I’m trying to reach Jamie?”
He knew what Dean meant. He did. He knew that he was only asking if he needed medical attention. But some human response took over his mind, and he saw red. It could have only been for a moment, but when Cas blinked and everything seemed normal, he realized the tray wasn't on his lap anymore. Somehow, it and its' contents were lying in the middle of the floor, glass and liquids everywhere.
Dean started pacing. He was getting antsy. “You got our attention. Now what?”
All together they hauled up ten of these trunks. Dean opened one. “Oh, wow.”
Dean waved at Sam to shut up. “Quit talking about cheating and hoodoo, they’ll overhear and put the Mob on us.”
“No, actually. I never ate, just ordered coffee. I’d like to try the food.”
There was a moment of awkward silence. Sam cleared his throat. “Mrs. O’Harris…”
Cas shook his head. “No. I’m afraid not.”
Cas could feel Dean come up behind him. “Where are they?”
He resumed kissing at that spot, and it occurred to Cas that he was giving him the mark that he'd asked for. Cas could provide this for Dean, he told himself.
. Dean, that hurt."
And he was breathing in
Sam shook his head. “That’s what it’s starting to look like.”
Cas’s head shot back up. “What?”
Crowley held his hand out. “It’s a deal. Since I won’t be able to tell you later…It was a pleasure and a genuine,
There was a warmth building now at Cas’s very center. “You remember my words.”
“Dean. I need you to focus.”
Dean felt something icy cold run through him and he felt nauseous at the same time. He pulled his head back so he could see Cas’ face.
Dean chased after her.
Dean clasped his hands together in emphasis. "Thank you,
An odd image popped into his head, and Cas actually felt like smiling for a second. “That’s a bit drastic.”
Sam shut the lid. “But it’s still Dean in there? He might remember this, when we get him back.”
Now there was nothing left to do but wait.
A minute or two later, after Dean had eaten some more, he asked, “So, you think Cas likes me?”
Gabriel gave a little bow. “You’ve probably put all the other pieces together now, too. Come on, walk the plebeians through it.”
Grey’s was a small place, obviously a local or regional fast food restaurant. On the sign outside where they usually advertised specials, the big block letters read ‘PEACE LOVE BISCUITS’.
When they got back, Sam was going to remind himself to teach Cas how to text. He wished Dean had gotten him a phone with an actual keypad, but when it came to Cas and technology, simpler was better.
"No marks, man."
He started to stand up, but Cas grabbed on to the back of his jeans. “Wait, no. What is it?”
“Dr. Soong. These are the FBI agents….Sorry, I didn’t even get y’alls names.”
The sky was dark, almost blackish grey, and the wind was blowing harder than normal. For a moment, for whatever reason, Sam suddenly felt his brother’s nervousness. If Cas was affected, it didn’t show.
Dean cut in. “A
Their waitress passed by again, carrying a tray full of dishes and cups. Dean’s foot nudged against Cas’s ankle under the table and he looked up.
Cas was still trying to figure out what happened when Dean came back with a broom and some towels. He couldn't read his expression, but he didn't seem angry. Dean just set about cleaning up the mess. Cas looked down and realized his hands were shaking.
Dean flushed again. “Dude. There is no…doing.”
It was the closest thing to a 'lead' Cas had encountered since beginning his 'deep cover', so he would follow it through.
Dean pulled away flexing his fingers. "I ain't gonna be able to jack myself off for a week."
“I dunno, man. Vengeful spirit? But how is it moving? Cursed object? But why only Ashleys? We’re gonna go check out the houses and talk to some people. Maybe that’ll clear it up. Hopefully later, when it’s not scorching.”
Sam and Cas went out the door, and Dean closed it behind him, and the lock clanked, echoing weirdly.
She took the paper and leaned forward to hug him. It was very awkward, with the baby in the way.
He nodded. “Hello, Brother.”
He reached out and grabbed Dean by his elbows. “I have one more idea.”
“Okay. Well, uh, that ghost-bitch was possessing Cas, and she told me that he was in love with me.” Dean said it all really quick.
Dean immediately hit the highway and had no intentions of stopping for any reason until they saw a sign for a hospital. An hour he drove, leaving the radio off, only the sounds of the air blowing through the open windows and Sam’s ragged breathing and Crowley’s whimpering keeping him focused.
He cleared his throat again, louder. He was clearly embarrassed. Castiel wasn't much better. Both of their erections had wilted some, and Cas wasn't sure the situation could be saved.
But Cas just let him, eventually rubbing circles against his back, and humming some tuneless, random melody.
“And, Cas...I’m sorry.”
Castiel looked around the small space as he was told. Despite the late hour, they weren't alone. There was a group of girls, college-aged, giggling about gossip and quizzing each other for an upcoming test while they folded their delicates. Then there was a middle-aged man, who glanced down forlornly at a ring he had on a chain around his neck, and weighed different detergents between his hands as if he'd never done this before. Behind a low desk was the attendant, an older woman who was meticulously working a Sudoko puzzle book.
“I was kinda gonna ask you the same thing. You want some water?”
He just huffed and kissed Cas again, now with enough force he thought Dean might be trying to suck his tongue out of his mouth. It didn't matter; Cas was still shaking with silent laughter. He broke away when it got hard to breathe and turned his attention to a spot just under Dean's ear that Cas had found he enjoyed being stimulated.
. Open 'er up, man!"
“I don’t either.”
“What now? Go back to my sister, I guess. Despite her...
“Oh, I think I know what you mean.”
He sighed and shut the computer lid. “Sure. You would’ve found it eventually anyway.”
“Hey.”
She set what looked like a spoon on the table near her. "Yoseph, you can heal him now."
A song came on the jukebox, and everyone excitedly got into positions on the dance floor, shuffling and dipping.
Cas, on the other hand, did not look fine. His breathing was shallow and it took Dean way longer than it should have to find his pulse, and he was cold and clammy.
“But, Dean’s still in there, right? He’s possessed, we can fix this?”
Sam was driving, so Cas turned around to look at him. “Why do you say that?”
He looked up at the roof and mouthed numbers for a minute. “The very latest…Three days.”
He sighed absently. “He wasn’t very sociable. Everything he needed was in distance of where he could push his wheelchair to. I think he was self-conscious; because of the chair. So we became like his family…Us and the animals.”
She jumped and eyed Cas suspiciously, before noticing the stick in his hand. "Oh, I'll be back, just..."
Cas did manage a smile this time. “It would seem so.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, I’m pretty sure that lady of yours had you whipped.”
in them and they’re all from the
Cas pointed at another man who had his hands raised. “Nails driven through his hands…”
Cas rolled his eyes, but indulged Dean, who tossed back his own shot with relish.
He started to get out of the bed. “I’m fine, Sam.”
Cas could remember everything that happened the night before, in horribly vivid imagery. He’d felt really down, and realized this would be a point when someone should get drunk. So he found the bottle of whiskey and drank it. He honestly didn’t expect it to affect him as much as it did. And then he had an epiphany, about the handprint he left on Dean.
aching horribly, not used to this much activity without his Grace to fuel everything. He could even feel blisters on his feet, probably from the business shoes of Jimmy, which had never bothered him before, but were obviously unsuited to what could only be described as hiking.
“Cas. Cas! Snap out of it!”
She sighed and looked around. “Heat would be good. A soft place to sit for both of us.”
Cas stepped forward. “One more question.”
Mrs. O’Harris nodded at the floor and sighed. “I’d hoped all of this was done with. But okay. Please come in.”
Unexpectedly, Sam sniffled. “I...uh. Our mom, she…”
“…Sister Jade was good. She was smart and funny. She saw so much…She was transcending higher and farther than the rest of us.”
Dean and Cas met up with him. Sam was kneeling down in front of the sink, looking in the cabinet underneath. He pulled a couple empty bottles of Southern Comfort out.
Dean had to stop him when he wandered over to the sweaters, though.
Cas held up the album. “She went to Jerusalem. There are pictures in here of some ruins I recognized from that valley. She must have met some people who still work the old rituals.”
He sighed. “I was ashamed. Not at you,” Chuck said quickly, waving at Cas. “Like I said, I’m not punishing you.”
They ate mostly in silence after that, breakfast having been several hours earlier, and they were all hungry. Sam starting nervously fidgeting in his seat after he finished, and just as soon as Dean put the last fry in his mouth, he popped out of the chair with an “I’ll get it!”, and almost
He sniffed at it. “Smells funny.”
"I'll pick off as many as I can. More will come out when they hear the noise. You'll jump the fences and get in there, and I'll come down soon when it's too crowded to use this. Everyone ready to go?"
“So, it’s like a friends with benefits thing?”
Cas looked down. It was a good sized hickey, and wouldn't fade for days. He smiled, and looked at Dean. "Thank you."
J stood up. “Never got your name.”
Dean scoffed and threw the pants in the machine. "You were a fucking warrior of Heaven, you can't tell me this doesn't get you down."
Dean groaned and, without asking, grabbed Cas's phone, tapping out responses that were no doubt rude.
The drive was silent. Dean kept having to adjust in the seat because he kept getting uncomfortable. He hadn't believed it when Cas had nailed him like that, it was totally the last thing he'd expected. Well, now he knew not to grab at Cas when he was pissed like that.
Gabriel snapped his fingers and nodded at Cas. “Right. Marks of the Stigmata, all that good stuff.”
Cas looked at him guiltily. "Yeah?"
Cas barely hid back a groan. As grateful as he was that Dean had found him, he did not want this
“Uh. Hey, guys. Been a…Oof!”
Cas was looking down at his lap, but squeezed his hand. “It’s okay. I never really cared for stars anyway.”
When they got back to the motel room, Sam was still working on his gizmo. "Alright. DEFCON five, you can relax."
He settled his head down on Dean’s shoulder. “I just want you and Sam to be safe. Should something happen to you on account of my mistakes, I don’t know…”
Dean swerved a little in the lane. “What?”
Cas looked around. “Can I help?”
“Come on. We need to go.” He grabbed Cas’s wrist with the hand not covering the bullet wound and pulled him out of the house, not letting go until they got to the car.
. Something organic. The forensics lab is identifying it now.”
“Yeah?”
Dean looked up. The suit fit Cas good. It fit him real good. The lady going into the changing room next door carrying what looked like a bridesmaid’s gown eyed him up and down, and it looked like she appreciated the view. Dean cleared his throat.
“You said you let that go!”
Cas got up and opened the door. Sam stood next door, shaking his head. "Sam?"
“But none of these girls were connected. No one would have been in all four places.”
He stopped looking at the ceiling and his head flopped a little so he could look at Sam. “It’s going to be okay. You and Dean did fine before I came along. You’ll both be fine when I’m gone.”
While Sam was doing that, Cas went into the bathroom. He took a cold washcloth and held it against his face, getting rid of the blood that had leaked out. He rinsed it out then pressed it against his throat and the back of his neck.
Dean shook his head and sighed. He hated seeing Cas like this. "We need to talk about a few things."
I decided I'd just add the full chapters. Each one gets longer than the rest, so far.
“Cool. When are we going?”
"Cas,
Dean tried to get up, but he felt too heavy. “Gimme a minute and we’ll get to the bed.”
The morning they left the bunker, they stopped at a mall they passed by to get Cas a Fed suit.
Dean cleared his throat. "Just...The same concept applies, here. I'm...I'm not picky, Cas. I don't...There's no damn curb for technique, or anything. I just...Wanna be with you. So."
He looked up at Cas and smiled. “I’m alive!”
“Here. See if you can’t find some clues as to where he might be.”
He started the car and looked over at Cas. Who had the gall to look all pouty. He huffed, and slapped him on the back of his head. Not very hard, just enough to sting. "Ow!"
"Okay, guys. I know you probably got a ass-load of jokes you wanna use, but Cas is freaking out enough as is, so keep them to yourselves."
Dean snapped his fingers. "It's perfect! I can't always be bothered to pick up chicks, and I know you gotta lonely sometimes. This way..."
Sam squinted at the paper. “Quang found him when he got back from his last class at eight o’clock. And he was all petrified like the others. The roommate is really supersticious. He grabbed all his stuff from the dorm room and swore he was never going back in.”
“Oh…oh my God! How is that even…?”
him. Gross.
Cas didn’t even look up. “There are
Dean nodded. "Text me the room number. Send it to Sam, too."
When they finally got away from the fruits and vegetables, and Dean started throwing things in the cart like Doritos and Sam was sneaking granola bars in, he felt that the time was right to be having a talk with his brother, one that he felt needed to be had since last night. And any excuse to get Dean all flustered up was okay with him.
"Went to take a shower. Cas looks a world better."
Sam rolled his eyes. These two needed to get a grip.
That was him. Old Dean. Cas nodded his understanding.
“Angel, you’re losing. I can feel you getting tired in there. Just give up…”
. Got the juices going. What are two planning?”
Cas led on ahead. “Maybe it’s a warning.”
Cas managed to crawl over to Dean, and Lucifer/Sam put his hands on their shoulders and in a flap of wings they were home. He had flown them into Dean’s room, and lifted Dean onto his bed.
take care of. Remember?”
“I don’t deserve it,” Cas whispered in return. Dean was rubbing circles with his fingers that he could feel through his shirts just above the small of his back.
They shook hands, then Cas let Sam handle Dean back outside. Sam looked around. “Hey, it’s pretty close. Let’s just walk to the dude’s house. Only a few blocks.”
Just then, Cas seemed to come back to himself. He shook his head and aimed the gun at the floor and shot. The fire finally started. There was an ear-splitting scream, and Mason flew out of Cas again, disappearing in the familiar burst of flames.
Oh, Lord, there went the squinty-eyed-head-tilt.
He’d thought his heart had stopped for a minute, but he was getting out of the bed and sliding his boots on.
Cas moved his chair around to see. “Does it say why?”
The words and the atmosphere in the room were as frigid as Cas was. Dean felt his heart plummet; he vaguely remembered throwing the towel at Cas’ head, then storming out the door, and slamming it behind him.
Dean was putting their plates in the sink. “Hey, Cas, one of these days we gotta teach you how to drive, so we can all switch out on hunts.”
Dean was starting to get bored hearing about how
Cas was in the middle of giving him directions to the next victim’s house, when Dean just shot into a parking lot. Sam groaned.
“Yeah, you sure did.”
“I really want that too, babe.”
“Yeah, I know, right? Apparently, Abaddon stole him from the hospital, and then carried him around with her, trying to get info.”
A week after the night that the news was referring to as ‘The Night of Fire’, Cas was let out of the hospital. Dean brought him a set of his own clothes to change into and then drove him back to the bunker. It was only about an hour’s drive, so Dean had been making it back and forth pretty often. After Sam had woke up and was out of the ICU, he started asking for stuff like his computer and underpants, so Dean had been playing gofer. And he had to keep watch over Kevin, who had decided to work on the Angel Tablet, and the full Demon Tablet. Dean had to make sure he was eating and not taking his weight in No-Doze, like he did last time. Or getting shit-faced.
Cas nodded and Dean sighed. "Goodnight, babe."
Dean knew the shit would hit the fan eventually. It was just like had told Cas that day, something good can come along, and you should enjoy it. But with their life and profession, moments like that don’t often last very long.
“Many of them are dead now, aren’t they?”
Chapter Five: Acceptance Part Three
Sam walked up behind them and started unlocking the shackles at his feet, having gotten the keys off Ruth. "See? Sammy's here too. It's really us."
“Cas?”
people were Stigmatics, just that they have the markings.”
Charlie was getting in her car. "Alright. Time to hit the road!"
Sam and Crowley looked at each other. “Are you really saying what I think you’re saying?”
Two long, hard weeks. The angels needed looking after, there was still the issue as to how to reopen the gates of Heaven, and Metatron was not giving him the answers he needed. And even though it was his kin and all the lost souls wandering the Veil were crying in torment, Castiel’s number one priority during those two weeks was still Dean Winchester.
“Okay.”
Charlie nodded. “Yep. That’s it. Meaning of life. Or, death, I guess.”
Dean was able to prop up on his elbows, he looked confused for a while, and then all the color drained out of his face. “Dean?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean, you know I really like Cas, right? He’s a good friend and I like to think of him as a second brother.”
“Shut up, Dean this is gonna work, just give me a minute.”
Cas was kneeling next to Sam, near his head, and he was looking back at Dean. “It’s going to be okay, I promise.”
He peeked around the door some more. “Who’s that?"
“Hey. I know it’s your private get away, but would you mind showing us that place you were telling me about? Behind the bunker?”
“Basically. Yeah.”
that Cas had brought in with him, when he heard Sam come in.
He was hissing and groaning as Ruth was cutting on his back, around where the wings connected to his body. She handed the knife to Yoseph and braced one hand against Cas' back, and took a firm grip at the base of the left wing. And then she pulled.
Dean picked it up, and it looked nothing like any blade he’d ever seen. There was no real handle exactly, and it zig-zagged and there was a place in the middle that was flat and almost a perfect circle and then some curlie-ques.
Chuck was still standing with Cas, who was clearly not moving from where he was standing.
“Why are you still here?”
He shrugged. Dean thumped his head against the windshield. "God, Cas. You are really scaring me right now. I can't watch you do this to yourself."
Sam tossed the one he’d been looking at in the middle. “These guys are clean. Stay at home moms, volunteers, a student, a vice principle…Why’d they get picked?”
"Okay. Cas, I get you're nervous. But I know you know how to do this."
called him
"Off, off," he was murmuring under his breath. Cas made a move to help him, but Dean batted his hand away. "I got this."
He turned his attention back to the drawing, and Dean finished his sandwich. "Hey I brought one for you, too. If you want it."
He entered the code to listen to the messages.
He moved to the next in the line. “…and his feet.”
As dulled as everything was, the feeling against his scalp actually felt very relaxing. Cas let his eyes drift shut. “Is that a problem?”
“Uh, almost three days now.”
Sam left Dean to his sulking, and started trying to put everything together. After an hour or so, he realized this was going to be a lot harder than he thought. And the more time went by, Dean's funk got heavier and heavier until Sam wanted to just throw something.
Sam opened the computer again. Since he’d gotten his laptop, he’d been doing what research he could. “Mostly, the ones who survived the fall, claim to remember their human lives, up to a certain point to where an angel asked them to be used as vessels. Then they remember some things off and on, until they fell. The smart ones have kept quiet and just gone back to their families, but some have gone on some shows, proving their powers. It seems to vary from angel to angel. Some can still heal, some can lift tons, some can read minds, or a combination of those.”
“Yeah. In case of emergency only. He hadn’t shown up lately, right?”
Dean grinned at him. “This is great, Cas. Thanks.”
"I...Would not be adverse to the second part of your program."
Dean shut him up by leaning up and kissing him solidly on the mouth for a minute before backing away again. “Anything you want, Cas.”
, she is family. Get my practice up and going again. Find a girl. Settle down. Be old, but happy.”
Dean didn't move. Cas made it down half a page. "You son of a bitch."
He hummed. “Like I said. There is a place, behind the bunker. It’s where I’ve been going when you seem to think I disappear into one of the rooms. There is a small trail, I found it one day. It is a very peaceful place.”
They went into the building, and there was a secretary sitting behind a low wood desk. “Hello. How may I help you?”
“You don’t have the best track record when it comes to, you know…”
Cas sat up. “Sam?”
“Did you say the words right?”
“I’m often cold. I think it has something to do with not having the warmth of my Grace. And I recall often wearing sweaters during my time as Emmanuel.”
He looked towards Cas. “Okay. Where are we going?”
It was a kid’s drawing, kinda messy, but Hannah had given him the same colored shirt he was wearing and blue pants, and there were lighter blue dots for eyes. But behind him she had outlined in black what were obviously supposed to be wings, and had put a little yellow circle over his head.
“If I could.”
Cas didn’t like her. He had a bad feeling about all this. There was something very
Dean grabbed his hand and they walked that way back into the bunker, where he showed Cas the new TV room, not far from the library. There were a couple of arm chairs and a slightly dusty love seat that Dean must have uncovered. It looked very homey. Dean slipped a disk in to the built in player, and pulled Cas onto the love seat with him and holding him close.
"Now, I don't really have anything here in the car we can use for lube, so..."
“Well. No. Not…exactly.”
After a few times of doing this, Cas smiled and looked over at him.
He’d never told more of a lie.
After a few minutes, Dean felt someone sit next to him.
“Can’t you let yourself be a little happy, Cas? Just for me. You’ve done plenty of good stuff too. Just say ‘thanks’ and be happy for a few more minutes.”
It was the day, the last day, the day he broke down. Alistair had ripped him open. Cracked apart his chest, and then pulled his heart out, still working, pumping in the demon’s hand. Then he took a hot needle and started poking it.
“What? How?”
“So. Are we gonna talk about what that witch said?”
Cas just shook his head, too, not moving his eyes from the papers. Dean sighed and moved to sit at the table where Sam had his computer set up.
Cas was panting hard, and it sounded like he was crying, but he couldn't have been. She had torn his eyes out. A tall, lanky guy walked over and touched Cas on the shoulder. He gasped and was blinking again, eyes intact but blood still running under them.
Sam felt bad at that. Of course Cas had spent the last couple of weeks doing all he could for Dean, and he should have known that. And if the paper in his hand, slightly blood-splattered and crumpled were any indication, there wasn’t a thing he wouldn’t do for Dean.
Sam rolled his eyes. “What did you do with Dean?”
Cas looked over and Dean had slid down on the bed so he was lying down instead of sitting, and he had this look on his face that Cas imagined was meant to be seductional, but came off as more comical.
“I thought you were going back.”
"Or you could tell me."
Cas spoke up. “I could have told you that.”
“Hey! It’s good to finally meet you in person. Kind of.”
Cas opened the envelope. “Are you sure this is correct? This seems like a lot…”
Dean laughed. “Yeah, okay. Goodnight, Cas.”
Lucifer looked around. “Castiel. This is ballsy, even for you, and I’ve been keeping my ears open. You are a ballsy kinda guy.”
Cas' head was leaning to the side and he was mostly asleep again.
bones. They move on. The way I see it, we're doin' them a service. So I am treating this like I would a normal ghost hunt. And it's never bothered you before."
Sam had gotten up, too. “Like you got what’s been coming to you.”
She smiled at them. “He’ll be right up.”
Cas frowned. “What’s in Florida?”
Sam had put his phone away. “Did she always use the same bike?”
The stairs led down, much further than the foundations of the house. Before long, they were in a long tunnel leading out into a rocky cavern.
“Yeah. Sorry. I didn’t know you were in bed.”
“So.”
Castiel seldom lied when he didn't have to, but it seemed necessary. Dean grunted and turned the knob. "I'll grab you a clean shirt."
Cas moved to sit on the side of the bed too, but he was real sluggish. “Yeah. I think you over-did it again.”
“Unbelievable,” Dean huffed under his breath as he started unloading the cart on to the sliding belt.
“Okay, this passage here says, uh, ‘in every generation there will be a chosen one to carry the Word,’.”
“Hey, I was about to come find you. Look, I think this is it Jordan, Iowa. Back in the seventies, a massive tornado came through there. Another hasn’t touched down there since, except last night, an even
He cleared his throat. “Lacy Nicolson. Active member in Alcoholics Anonymous, she had a sponsor, Henry Martin. She’d been sober for almost two years. Never married, no children. It was the sponsor who found her.”
“I don’t know what that is,” Cas started, “but I think it was a sea dragon.”
It was uncomfortable for a few minutes after they climbed from the car up to the living space of the old house, both of them standing several feet apart and not speaking. Allie finally broke the silence.
“Why?”
They talked while Dean checked on the turkey to make sure it was still going the way it was supposed to according to the only website he’d found that looked useful, and he gave Cas a few easy things to do. Cas still wasn’t completely comfortable with the kitchen stuff, convinced he was gonna do something like start a fire or blow something up. It was fun; they joked around, Cas would flick potato peelings at the back of his head, and they’d hum along with some of the Christmas music that Dean still had on the radio. He was feeling so disturbingly warm and fuzzy that he even had some half-assed ideas about asking Cas to dance with him.
The statement that nothing was wrong was on his tongue, but Cas couldn’t even make himself speak it.
By the time Dean wandered out, he was losing patience.
Dean covered the body back up and shut the door. “Hey, what’s up?”
Sam was understandably skeptical. “God is hiding in our bathroom?”
There was no response. "Dean? You're okay. Wake up." He gently put his hands on Dean's shoulders and shook him lightly.
A couple of hours later, Dean had a small bag with a sketch pad, a pencil box with all kinds of drawing stuff, a transistor radio he had found and fixed up in the bunker, and a couple of sandwiches. He set it next to the front door then went into the T.V room. Cas was slouched in one of the armchairs, his eyes glazed over and the screen being the only light in the room washed his face out and he looked pasty. He was also wearing a sweatshirt of Sam's that was about five times too big for him and it made him look like someone who hadn't eaten in months.
"No. He was being tricked, by someone we all thought we could trust. But they're beyond understanding, and their leader is a little bit crazy. There's nothing more dangerous than a crazy lady who's got nothing to lose."
The wraith couldn't explain away a hickey.
“My name is Agent Steward, from the FBI. We’re investigating Mr. Harris’s death.”
Dean nodded. "It doesn't seem like much. Look, you did good work. We'll...Keep working it."
He chuckled, like that was very unlikely, but Sam actually blushed a little and slumped some in his seat. Dean looked over at him.
After a while, Sam pulled over onto an exit ramp. “Are you hungry, Cas?”
"Huh?"
Cas tried to pay attention to what Dean was saying, but he kept picturing Ruth’s face in his mind, and how angry she was. An anger that was fully justified. He had killed her soul mate, striking him down even as he was begging on his knees that he would swear his loyalty, just to please let him live.
There was a long, awkward silence. Cas wasn't sure what was wrong. Maybe it was because of their fight earlier? Dean was probably still angry with him. Or maybe it was something else…
time, and I am so sorry. But we need every detail so that was can find out what happened.”
"Hmm?"
Cas shrugged the apology away. "It's forgotten."
He turned to face Dean. “I was bitten by a mosquito.” He said it very seriously.
"Yeah, babe, it's me."
Cas frowned. “I am several millennia older than you.”
Lucifer/Sam stood up and put his hand on Cas’s shoulder. “Alright, let’s go.”
"Your wings are in disrepair," Cas murmured. "You have no friends? A...Significant other?"
Another nod. Dean sat back near his knees as Cas tried to write down what he had to say. His hands were shaking again by the time he was done and he handed it back to Dean.
Dean ignored him and went to look through stuff in the kitchen. Cas followed him.
“Thank you. We need to get back to the bunker, Dean.”
"Okay. Yeah, when we first met, you weren't a human. But I figured that was normal because…well, you
Dean pulled up outside Ashley’s apartment complex just as Cas was finished reading. “Okay, well, let’s see what we can find.”
Dean looked behind him. Both the bathroom door and Gabriel were gone.
“I got up and was going to the kitchen. Cas was at the door and I asked him what he was doing then he came at me and knocked me out. I was only down for about five minutes.”
Next, he called the Sheriff’s Department. And sure enough, they wanted their deputy director’s name and number. After being put on hold, Sam finally got to talk to Sheriff Alexander.
When they arrived back at the bunker, it was just before lunch. They pulled their bags from the back of the car and walked in to find that Dean had made pizza when Sam had called ahead to let him know they were about an hour out.
was trying to make a crossroads deal!”
Allie snorted and sat back down. "My mother's attempt at humor. Who are you?"
Cas was about to respond, when Helena added, "Although she did have a badass car."
Cas immediately pulled back from Dean, and almost fell back into the bathtub.
It made sense. He was constantly losing chargers in spite of Sam's attempt to keep them well stocked.
“Well…Humans go to Heaven or Hell, monsters go to Purgatory. What happens to angels?”
The three of them stayed outside, Sam and Dean waving until the car was out of sight, and their friends were gone.
He grabbed Cas by the arms and hurled him; his back hit the bar and he flipped over it, landing hard on the floor. He tried to scramble up, but Legion had already lifted him off his feet. He pressed Cas against the bar and it hurt.
After the hex bag was completely burned, they all sat around the table. Dean laid down some rules. If anyone wanted to go out, someone had to go with them, and they had to stay together. One person had to be in the bunker and keep it bolted at all times. There was a secret knock to get back into the bunker. They weren’t going to take any chances.
“Look, here at the eye sockets. Whoever did this, we can tell they used the same instrument on all three of the victims. And…and the ligature marks? On their necks and wrists, they found
He looked down at himself. “Cas, what did you do?”
Dean frowned. “You said you wanted to be a hunter.”
“So you guys talked last night?”
Cas looked at him. "I still wanna know. What the hell has been wrong with you?"
They walked past the gate and started down the lane. Cas started reading.
Cas moaned and slumped over the table some more.
Cas nodded. "You expected something like that again. When he called you."
After he listened to Sam explain how the buttons worked, and sent a few test texts to Sam’s phone, he disappeared in an angry silence to wherever it was in the bunker he went to hide at. Sam figured it was just frustration getting the better of him.
Jamie sighed. “Yeah, okay. You wanna meet somewhere?”
. But Cas had promised him that he wasn’t going to do anything stupid, and he thought his acting weirder than usual was because of what that Ruth lady had said. Dean could only hope he’d find Cas out here somewhere, not hurt or…He couldn’t finish that line of thought.
It continued like that for a few more passes over Castiel's face, over his cheeks, forehead, throat, and eyes. But never on the lips.
In all honesty, Castiel had started it off, saying that he believed that whatever was causing this effect of mass suicides, was doing so unintentionally. Sam had argued with him, but Dean had surprisingly backed him up. It made sense, because the victims were increasingly random. Dean had caught on and made a point that if a creature was out of control, it might go into hiding. May even make use of the homeless shelter network.
He sighed. “Exact same thing. Head, neck, smush.”
The guitar riff was very nice, and the lyrics spoke to him. "I like this one."
The next morning, Dean had brought Cas and Sam coffee. The niceness of the gesture was off-set with the information that Dean had gotten a cryptic phone call from a man named Terry.
“Dean…Let me go, maybe there’s something else she can do…”
. All I wanted was peace.”
They had been looking through the files for almost an hour when Sam came back to the hotel room, holding a folder crammed with papers.
“Cas, there’s something we need to talk about.”
Cas hummed happily then something tugged at him. “How is Sam?”
Jilly sighed. “The only other place she went to a lot was some property she owned out on Carolina Beach. She had a small stretch of land there. Courtney was thinking of maybe building a place there. And she talked about a cave she liked to hang out at. Said it was meditative.”
Sam turned the radio on while he drove to Harold Spencer’s house, finding a classics station so Dean could amuse himself by singing at the roof of the car. Cas was sitting shotgun and looking a little pissed off.
He just stared at it, and Dean got fidgety. “Bobby taught us how to make those when we were kids. It’s not that great, I just kinda…”
“Huh?”
Crowley looked at him, sad eyed again. “Oh, Angel. All those times everyone’s teased you about being in love with these boys, it’s been true, hasn’t it? This is what you do. Die for them, over and over. I am so sorry.”
“Good afternoon. Are you Charles Radley?”
She looked more than annoyed. “I can’t speak ill of the dead. But still…Let’s just say the school board was more than a little relieved. I think poor Mrs. Simon was about to start clapping.”
“Where
Cas just nodded and shivered a little. "Hey, you comfortable with this?"
"What happened to you?"
She smiled. “All of this…It happened because of you. Your actions have brought me a happiness I never imagined possible.”
be cool. But seriously.
“Uh. You know, that thing we said at the hospital? A couple of days after you woke up?”
He clapped his hands together and stood up. “It’s been good meetin’ ya, J.”
Yeah, he was definitely whipped.
“No,” Garth started, and then paused. “Wait. Nothin’ at all.”
It had to be almost another half a mile of sandy gravel.
“Dean, get on the next highway going west.”
Sam shook his head. “And I was looking forward to it, after what happened with Henry.”
He shook his head. “Well, all the places were clean. Nothing weird there. What’ve you got?”
Epilogue
Dean got to his feet. “But wait, there’s more! Come on, I got something else to show you, too.”
Dean didn't say anything; by now, Castiel didn't have look to know that Dean was making a mocking face at him. There was a silence, and Cas took it as permission to reopen his book. Dean took out his phone soon after, playing some game that caused him to curse under his breath every other minute or so.
“I…My name is Tommy Walker. My wife, Lizzy…I think you’re her brother.”
Dean had moved closer, the exhaled huff warm on Cas’s cheek. “Nah. But you don’t really want Sam’s hair, do you?”
Gold, lots of gold. Discolored from being in the ocean, sure, but still…
Dean dropped into a chair and Cas set next to him, but Sam was looking at the frames on the walls.
Cas finally spoke. “Lizzy, do you know what’s happening in Wilmington?”
a 'this'.
Cas sat on a park bench. "I believe so. Can you pick me up?"
Dean looked up; Cas was still staring. “What?”
"No, not 'til you…"
“Huh?”
He wanted to know what was happening. Why was Dean upset? He wanted to go to him. Cas was barely able to grip the covers enough to move them, and when he tried to lift them up, it felt like he was trying to push a tree off of him. That was enough to make Cas out of breath and a little nauseous.
He just huffed. He was quiet long enough Sam unpaused his documentary and Dean sat there not really listening or watching. Something stupid about ducks.
with it.”
For the rest of the afternoon, Dean felt off. He was restless, he guessed. Sam and Cas were hunting for stuff around the bunker, and he wanted to stay out of their way, so he hung out in his room a while ‘til he got bored, then went to the TV room, but there wasn’t anything he felt like watching, so he cleaned the kitchen up some. He really wished he hadn’t imposed that ‘two people at a time’ rule, because he would
Cas got through a chapter and a half before there was a loud thump, followed by a giggle, and then the doorknob jiggling.
“May I?” He’d interrupted something Sam was asking, but the girl nodded.
She giggled. “You even got my pigtails and the bunny on my shirt! But my hair needs to be fixed…”
“Would you like to sleep in here tonight? Or we could sleep in your room.”
There was a moment of silence. “Yeah. Okay.”
“You’re trying to make a deal?” Dean was absolutely furious. “Are you that fucking stupid?”
Cas moved so he was sitting closer to him. “I’m sorry.”
Dean found an empty abandoned lot and finally got around to teaching Cas how to drive. He took to it pretty well. He thought so, anyway, but for the first twenty minutes or so Dean was clutching at the door handle hard enough that Cas thought he might break it.
“You’re the men from the FBI?”
Cas rubbed his palms against the legs of his jeans. “I’m finished.”
“Cas?”
Cas wished he could see her face for a moment, because she was giving Dean a very long look. Finally, she chuckled a couple of times.
He squinted at Dean. “He ever tell you who his supplier was?”
In the end, it was an easy case.
“Good idea. Let’s just get way away from here first, okay? Like, the other side of town.”
Sam was sitting in a booth waiting on their food while Dean had popped off to the bathroom. They were on their way back home and he practically had to beg Dean to stop for food. Dean seemed to think they needed to be back at the bunker ASAP. Sam thought it was ridiculous. Cas could totally handle himself for a few days. Although he had made sure not to tell Dean about the few horribly misspelled texts he’d gotten asking to be reminded exactly how the stove was supposed to turn on and that there was a really bad thunderstorm and did that mean he was supposed to hide in a closet.
He stopped to glare at Crowley. “You
Cas was starting to be concerned about him. “Yeah, fine.”
There was a vase on the table, so he copied it. Crayons weren’t his favorite, but he wasn’t going to complain.
“All I do is rest, Dean,” he grumbled, but his eyes were already closing and his breath evening out. He was knocked out by the time Dean closed the door behind him.
While in his awake hours, he seemed to occasionally flashback to his nightmares and he no longer wanted to face his friends, feeling fear that what he had seen might come to pass. He knew it bothered them, especially Dean, but he didn't know how to explain.
Lily looked like she was Caleb’s age, and she was very, very pregnant. “Thank you for coming over, and for not letting Caleb’s mom know you were meeting with me.”
"And you're..."
Dean soon lost the ability to kiss, he was panting so hard. He just breathed against Cas's neck, and eventually began to shake. "Oh, God, Cas...You're..."
He yawned. "You'll figure it out."
“We have to go burn that house down, don’t we?”
“I’ll start at the beginning. Okay, so I was in Phoenix for a Con, and I was at this motel. Well, I was packing up to leave, and I saw Kevin! You guys showed me a picture of him to keep an eye out, so I recognized him. And I was like, ‘hey, what’s up, I hang with the Winchesters’, and it turns out him and his friend Garth had been tracking some serious demon activity. Off the charts.”
They let themselves in. Predictably it was a nice place, very very clean, everything brand new and modern. Not a touch of personalization to be found. They did their snooping for a few minutes until there was a knock at the door and Nora let herself in.
The breath caught in Castiel's throat and he nodded, his chin inadvertently hitting below Dean's ear. "Yes. This is what I want."
Dean didn’t bother denying anything this time. “What do you mean, special case?”
Cas made himself pull away slightly. There was something he needed to know first.
“Yeah, Cas?”
Dean's lips twitched. "When you have sex dreams, am I usually in them?"
He effortlessly scooped Cas up and took him down the hall to where the rooms were. Dean vacantly did as he was told and got as many towels as he could carry in his arms.
"I'm...Trying, just...God, Dean, that feels..."
He glared at Chuck. “You hit me in the face with a plunger.”
. He sank down on the top step and started crying harder. It smelled like the coconut shampoo Cas used and the must of ancient books.
Dean chuckled. “Just try again. Both eyes open, remember.”
He had completely forgotten about Cas.
“I don’t intend on going hunting. Not until I can be useful again.”
Benny had found what he hadn’t had his previous time back from Purgatory. A purpose. He became a mentor to these wayward vampires, and was helping them adjust. Dean sounded very happy and proud while he was speaking with him. Cas was happy, too. Benny had saved him once again, and he wanted Benny to have a good…well, not life. Existence. A good existence.
The angle was awkward. Cas fumbled, and was consistently distracted by the way Dean would moan against his mouth. He was, in fact, ready to pull away, certain that Dean could get no pleasure from this. But Cas couldn't argue that Dean was getting harder in his hand. He was making shallow thrusts against him. The moans were deeper and Dean seemed to be loosing his coordination.
Lucifer rolled his eyes. “I’m just returning a favor.”
Dean started moving his thumb across Cas' cheek and he turned his head slightly more into his hand, sighing in his sleep.
"Benny?"
"You met him."
could he have let Cas go on his own? One minute of letting their guard down was all it took, and they got him. He had to get to Lawrence as fast as he could.
He bumped him with his knee. “Yeah, whatever.”
, Dean. The bees, their trails, how they communicated to each other. I could see the flowers for what they really were, I could tell you every detail of this tree’s life. Now it’s just a
Cas entered a small area of dim light. A woman sat in the middle of the pool of light, her back turned to Cas. All he could make of her was that she was blonde and slightly heavy-set.
He parked and pulled three FBI badges out. They weren’t bothering with the Fed suits on this one; if they were going to be doing as much leg work that Dean was afraid they might be doing, it’d be more comfortable in normal clothes. Plus, if this thing was as hush-hush as Sam said it was, then people didn’t need to know Feds were going around. Fake Feds. Whatever.
“If I’m not back in thirty minutes, come on up. But I should be done before then.”
Dean was flicking his lighter when the wind started. “
He looked an awful lot the way Sam had doing the Demon Trials. Pallid, sweating under layers of clothes. But worse, there was a small trickle of blood coming out of his left ear.
“We’ve dealt with worse. We’ll figure something out. It may take a while, but we’re safe for now.”
He didn't know what had made him wake up fully for a minute, but then he heard the noises coming from next door. Cas couldn't hear any clear words, but Dean sounded like he was in distress, and Sam was speaking in calming tones.
Cas did as he was told, and the bed was comfortable, and it could have been
Dean tried to think of what else needed to be done, and eventually set a few potatoes next to him and a knife. “Peel and cut these up?”
ride."
He frowned. “I have one more idea.”
place where you are the farthest from decent salt water that is possible. You couldn'ta inherited a fortress on the Delta?"
Cas took a step back. "Dean...Your friend..."
“How long was I out?”
“You mean the Grace that doesn’t exist.”
“Goodnight.”
They grabbed the huge stack of files and checked into a motel. Sam shook his head just looking at the pile. “Guys, how’re we gonna do this? Should we just take four, or…”
He really had to use the bathroom. But Dean had fallen asleep, and his head had rested across his shoulder and onto his chest, and he could feel Dean breathing against his neck. He was peaceful in sleep. Cas couldn't find it in him to move and wake Dean up.
He started to pick up a towel, when Cas spoke his first words since returning. “I don’t want
He set a very sad, almost human eye on Sam. “Oh, Moose. I really am sorry. Both of you. I
“And then the Fleur-de-lis. Commonly associated with Mary.”
He held up a wooden crate with something that looked like a metal detector in it. "It bounces waves into the ground, and it'll show if something is buried. We can find the grave now, I just have to fix this. It's all in pieces, so I gotta get to work."
He definitely sounded pissed off, but Dean could tell it was at himself, not at him, which was a relief. Cas led him into the kitchen and sighed heavily before picking a pan off of the stove. The outside and bottom looked fine, but the inside was charred and there was some lumpy blackened ick.
He watched his former brethren fall, then came to accept that there was nothing he could do. Not now, not here, and not alone. The first thing Cas knew he had to do was find the Winchesters. That was Priority Number One in his mind, but to find them, he must first trek through the unknown woods and hopefully find some town, or a gas station if nothing else.
Super inappropriate, considering the scene outside.
“Just because Sam threw a bitch fit, or because you’re actually sorry?”
“It’s her diary. She talks a lot about Henry. He kinda lied to us about him and Lacy. He wasn’t just her sponsor.”
Cas felt his face grow warm, something he disliked, another human thing he couldn’t control. But he nodded. “Okay. Thank you, Dean. In this moment, I am very happy.”
Dean was now out getting them all breakfast before they checked out of the room, and Sam had shoved a red hat on, and was grateful that almost none of his hair showed, and it covered his ears.
"Annoying?"
Sam found it this time. “I got a bill from a storage building.”
They made sure to keep Cas in his cocoon of blankets, and between them they got him down the spiral staircase. Dean wasn't gonna admit it to Sam anytime soon, but he probably couldn't have gotten Cas down here without falling. They made their way to one of the bathrooms, the one they usually used. Charlie had found another one in the bunker to get cleaned up in.
He choked a little on the smoke. “Yeah. You look like the golfin’ type.”
"I think we both know something's wrong, and we need to talk about it."
Sam turned his attention to his brother, checking where he’d been wounded before on the chest and for his pulse. “Lucifer said he’d wake soon.”
It was torn from a notebook, the light blue lines faded. There was a tear through one of the ring holes, and the corners were all frayed. There was very little actually written, but what was on there was neatly penned, and rescribed when needed, as it had been a few months since the list was begun.
Turning around, he saw Dean was splattered, head to toe. “Gut feeling?”
Jilly had written some pretty crappy directions and it took them almost double the time it should have to park on the road and walk along the beach until they found the cave.
And that was the last either of them said for a while.
“There. We’ll keep putting it on until it quits hurting so much.”
Cas glanced at Dean nervously first, then pulled his jacket off and rolled the left sleeve of his shirt up and drew a circle with his finger about an inch below his elbow on the inside of his forearm.
Cas sighed and rubbed his temple. His head was throbbing. “How?”
“Kinda plain, I know, but you can decorate however you want. This is your room, Cas.”
Dean snapped up. “What?”
Cas had been staring blankly at the screensaver on the laptop that Sam had given him for about twenty minutes, when Allie’s suggestion to make a list popped into his mind. At the time, he hadn’t thought much of it, but now, feeling nothing but a dull void, it seemed like something productive to do. He opened a drawer on the desk and pulled out a ringed notebook. It was empty save for the first page, that had Sam’s intricate Wi-Fi password written down, and the phone number for the pizza place in town.
Dean sighed at the wheel, turning into another driveway. “Wonder what secrets he’s hiding.”
They would only communicate to Sam. Which after the first couple of days made him want to either lock them in one of the bunker’s closets until they made up or starved, or chase them around wielding a sawed-off.
He closed his eyes again; this was way more intense than he thought it would be. Cas was moving, doing something. He’d gotten some lube on the other hand and starting stroking up and down his dick, still hitting the spot inside every so often. Dean was reaching the point where he was close to losing control within a few minutes. He knew he was blabbering and groaning loudly, and God only knew what he was saying. There were stars behind his eyes, a huge overwhelming squeeze in his balls, and he was
Sam went out and the others except for Benny followed him. They could use lights to find their way out now.
“Are you sure about that? He may be part human now, but he’s probably still a sneaky son of a bitch.”
“I don’t want to disappoint you.”
He looked around. “Topheth is a section of the Valley of Hinnom, also called Gehenna. It was where the idea of Hell came from. Topheth was named because of the screams of the children who were sacrificed there. So the land was cursed.”
to leave? Hook up with Kevin, or something? ‘Cause if you want to leave, leave. I figured you would, just like you always do. And never saying goodbye, you fucking coward. Just like old times.”
“Hello, God powers. I can purge it. You want me to?”
He was cut off because Cas had launched himself the couple of feet that separated him and Dean and was embracing him tightly. Dean let out a faint ‘oomph’. Unlike Cas, who normally didn’t quite know what to do with holding someone, Dean almost immediately wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist.
First, there had been the damn angels recreating ‘Starry Night’, in full color, complete with fiery craters and total decimation of shit.
But he made due, and they had all kinds of 'proper food'. One morning they'd even had chicken and waffles, something Dean had never had, and didn't realize how he had been living before.
going to die with any regrets, and not saying goodbye to Dean would be one.
Dean had pretty much run out of distractions after he had literally gone through the entire arsenal in the trunk, and Cas could fight just about as well as he or Sam could. Cas returned to his file obsession. But at least he wouldn’t be defenseless when he finally came to accept that he was human.
Sam dragged Dean by the sleeve to the backyard, and he kept stumbling. Cas was standing in the middle of the yard, looking around.
Dean steered him towards the jackets. “Here, look at these; much cooler than sweaters. You can layer up as much as you want.”
"Thank you. Sam just went out to see if his device is working correctly."
Shortly down the rough forest path, Dean turned on one of his tapes. Cas had been making it a point to pay attention to music, and comment on the songs he liked. Dean had told him that music tastes could tell you a lot about someone. There had been a few songs, heard in diners and grocery stores, that Dean had given him a skeptical glare over. But this was one of Dean's songs.
Cas broke away and latched onto his neck, sucking at a spot under his ear, hard enough that Dean knew there was gonna be a hickey later.
Dean had gone over and thought he saw something behind one of the flags. He tore it down and sighed. “Hey, look at this.”
A weight settled down beside him on the bed, and a soft fabric cleaned the tears away. Cas had closed his eyes, but he knew it was Dean. Soon, hands slipped into his so they didn't shake.
“You did not want me to get my Grace back,” Cas muttered after Dean started on his throat again.
“Hey, where’d that scorch come from?”
Dean just hummed in satisfaction. "Get another room, sleep in the car, I give exactly less than one full fuck what you do."
Only moments before, Dean had been sweet, slow. Not so now. He pressed against Cas's body, rutting their pelvises together with no preamble whatsoever.
Hannah had red hair in pigtails, lots of freckles, and greyish eyes. “Cas is a funny name.”
Sam nodded. “I kinda get it.”
Cas drifted in and out. He wasn't sure how long it was since Dean tucked him into his bed that he fully regained consciousness, but he managed to turn his head enough to look at the clock, and the numbers were lit up from the light out in the hallway coming through the open door. They must have left it open in case he needed anything. It was just after three in the morning.
Cas was frowning. “But why? Why fake sobriety? What would the point be?”
Sherriff Yates chuckled. “You liking it so far?”
The head of Castiel's steadily hardening erection was pushed roughly against the raspy back of the zipper, biting at the sensitive skin painfully. Cas hissed in an inhale, and tried to pull away from Dean. But Dean hurriedly took a quarter step back, a grunt of displeasure hinting that he'd had an experience similar to Cas's.
Dean had a look on his face, a look that suggested that he wanted to argue. But after a second, to Cas’s surprise, his expression softened.
“Well, come on back. I got an office were we can have some privacy.”
“Now. What can I do to make it up to you?”
Dean waved his hand up and down. "I don't know. What are you?"
Chuck snapped his fingers. “Damn, right. I forgot. Look, you aren’t coming back to Heaven. You or Lizzy. Gabriel is telling her now. She’s meant to stay here. Her baby is going to be very special. I can’t spoil it for you.”
Cas’ face had turned red and he was actually shaking with rage. “
“Well, he’s really something else when he’s drunk. Maybe he remembers doing something embarrassing.” Dean chuckled, and went right on eating.
weird?”
“Alright, food’s all done.”
Cas was slumped over as far as the chains would allow him, and he was shaking so hard the chains rattled loudly. Dean wanted so badly to go over to him, but he couldn't get loose of the psychic hold.
"Why?" There was almost no emotion in his voice.
Dean made a waving motion, and dropped his bottle, that mercifully cracked but didn’t shatter. Allie shook her head, somehow understanding, even if Cas did not. Sam got up and went to the kitchen, hopefully to calm down a bit.
He heard a spitting noise. “Cas? What the fuck?”
Dean didn’t bother answering.
Sam walked in the room and smelled what was cooking.
It was late May, and the garden was beautiful. All the wild flowers were in bloom and the bees were buzzing around. It was perfect and warm and everything perfect that God created.
One day about a week later, Sam snatched the keys and disappeared for a couple of hours. Dean didn’t think too much about it; Sammy did that every once in a while. He’d want to go to the library in town, he’d want to get stuff to make his computer do something that Dean didn’t really understand, and sometimes he didn’t even bother giving a reason.
Simple haunting?
“I won’t read the whole thing, just the relevant parts. ‘Some time later, he fell in love with a woman in the Valley of Sorek whose name was Delilah. Having put him to sleep on her lap, she called a man to shave off the seven braids of his hair, and so began to subdue him. And his strength left him. Then the Philistines seized him, gouged out his eyes and took him down to Gaza. Binding him with bronze shackles, they set him to grinding in the prison.’”
“…but I had no luck.”
At some point, even though it was pretty early when he laid down to enjoy his music, Dean must have drifted off to sleep, because he suddenly jolted when there was a knock on his door. He got up, stiff because he’d been sitting on the edge of the bed and just fallen back. Not the most comfortable position. He flipped the record off. “Yeah, come in.”
They had found a diner, their third day in the city. Their produce was organic and locally sourced. The result was that Sam was sitting across from Cas, eating a salad so leafy and green that it filled Cas with a Holy Righteousness to just look upon it.
Cas stood as well. "I know of a place. Do you have other shoes? The hike is long."
She rubbed her belly. “Everything was perfect. Then I heard the chatter. Ruth had turned everyone into a boiling rage, and she was trying to get me to join them, but I refused and turned the signal off. When I felt them die, I’m ashamed to say I was a little relieved.”
“Hey. Don’t go falling asleep. You give me a few more minutes so I get the feeling back in my legs, and I’m gonna rock your world.”
He was starting to sound impatient now.
“Okay.”
"Just tell me," Dean huffed. Sam and Cas were almost up to the cars.
Allie reached back and patted his knee. “Thanks. So yeah, Ellie. We didn’t always get along too well. I need solitude and depression. She’s a
One eye cracked open. "Dean?"
It was a smaller suburban area, but much more individualized than where they had been earlier.
“I put the eggs in the pan and turned the stove on.”
“Cas. What the hell?” For a change, Dean didn’t look mad, just kind of dumbfounded.
“Sam Winchester…”
She leaned over. “Oh. Two Wheel Tuesday?”
“What is?”
“Me and Cas…Maybe being a thing. One day, in the far off future.”
Dean was quiet. “Why do you ask these questions?”
Henry ran his hand through his hair. “She was in front of the T.V, facing her window. I…Called 911, that’s all I could do.”
It had started about fifteen minutes earlier. Dean had been sound asleep, when Sam barged in, holding the side of his head. “Dean, wake up. Cas is gone.”
Cas looked at Dean. “It’s a movie, man, we’ll watch it later.”
“What?”
“Yeah. But it’ll be hard, depending on what kinds of powers they still have, and what kind of angel they used to be.”
A second later, and they were standing in a deserted town square. Cas, battle-hardened as he was, felt like he might be sick again. It was silent, not even crickets or frogs were chirping in the distance. In the middle of the square was a pile of bodies; it must have been the whole town there. They were in varying degrees of…eviscerated. Cas saw a man who had been torn apart in the form of a blood eagle, some had been drawn and quartered, a young girl had been scalped. Blood ran like small rivers through the cracks in the pavement.
Dean leaned his forehead down on his car door. “Yeah, you’re certified something.”
“I find that…It is harder to say things. But, I think you are special to me as well.”
“Shhh, Baby, don’t listen. You’re the only one for me…”
idea.
Chuck smiled. “Absolutely. I asked too much, and I pushed him too far. He got angry at me, so took it out on the humans.”
Cas dug in his pockets and found a pen and an old gas receipt.
And, being human, in the end, wasn’t that the whole point?
Dean sighed. “So whoever is doing this...”
Jesus, what was this, middle school? He thought about being a smart-ass, but decided against it. “Yeah, Dean. I think he really likes you.”
“Charlie.”
Cas shook his head. “There
“I think we should try to find out who this might be. That may be more helpful.”
Cas shrugged. “Wherever Dean is.”
Castiel watched as Dean's face screwed up, teeth gritting harshly and his eyes closed tight. He made an almost pained noise, a drawn out mix between a grunt and a moan.
me now.”
Almost there. Dean gave Garth a nod, and he started forward. It was pretty quick after that. The dragon turned and grabbed Garth by the throat, hissing loudly, and it was enough of a distraction for Dean to bury the very weird blade right into her chest.
“Hello, my name is Jessica, how may I help you?”
Dean dropped the phone back in Cas's lap with a huff. Cas didn't read Dean's messages, but sent an apology to Sam all the same.
Dean and Sam were still near the door, just staring. What in the hell could have possibly done this? Why the fuck would they?
“What do you want with him?”
and I wanted my privacy and I snapped at you for it, and I’m
, but…Sam was into it.
Individual warnings: Denial, mild violence, injuries, Florida, awkward chick flick moments, and language.
Dean's eye twitched slightly. "Dunno. Bastard left.
Gabriel clicked his tongue. “Chick was
He gave Cas a very gentle kiss. "Relax."
“It’s just an address book.”
“Once. But the stars were just stars.”
"Listen. Erwin, Tennessee. Over the last two weeks, there have been ten incidences of extreme property damage. Small trees have been knocked over, siding and gutters torn off houses, smashed windows. Cars have been found with huge dents in them. At one of the homes, the owner had security cameras up, and the video went to static right around the time the damage was done."
They leaned into the section of the wall and it slid back pretty easily, and then they pushed it towards the left. It opened into the rest of the cellar, which was much nicer. It was clean and dry. Sam felt around and there was a light switch.
“Maybe…Or maybe this ghost is so powerful, that it could make and place the bags by itself, without being carried by an object or possessing someone. I’ve never seen one that powerful before, though.”
“Alright…And, open!”
Cas didn’t look at him. “Out.”
He smiled and brought a hand up and brushed over one of Dean’s eyebrows with his thumb. “I’m pretty sure I love you, too.”
The process of stringing the people up in the dungeon and slitting their throats was unpleasant, but Cas went through it with the mantra ‘this is for Dean, this is for Dean’ running in his head.
“What the hell?”
Dean handed a business card to the Sherriff. “Call if anything comes up. Thanks for your help.”
Dean crouched down in front of Cas, hands on his shoulders keeping him in place.
Cas felt a hysterical giggle build up in his throat, and squashed it down.
“Ahh. That’s better. Thank you, Jesus!”
Dean had the gall to look confused. "No, I...I've been thinking. Maybe we should have an arrangement."
Over the next week, Dean managed to keep Cas occupied by learning different guns. It was made easier a couple days after the first lesson by the casts finally coming off. The skin under the casts was sickly pale looking and Cas actually seemed self-conscience about it, pointedly pulling his sleeves down over his hands. It was weird to see him so concerned about something like that, the guy who had taken a box-cutter to his chest without blinking.
“Well, the nearest we can tell, every victim has been murdered by a spear gun through the head, and then bludgeoned with something, we don’t know what, but it’s heavy.”
“Okay.” He turned to Sam.
She scrawled a number on a receipt from her pocket. "Call...And give Allie my number. I’d like to make sure she’s okay."
“So the hubby was cool with you driving cross-country, not telling him where you were going, and with you ready to pop?”
“You heard Sam like a prayer?” Cas shrugged at Sam.
He was still looking the thing over. “In a way, you’re right. This was made shortly after what you call the second world war, in a celebration of Israel becoming its own nation.”
Cas had interrupted, and just shook his head. Sam stared at him for a second, then turned back to Dean and gave him a sort of sideways hug. “Thanks, Dean. I’m gonna start looking at classes tomorrow.”
To Cas' dismay, it was Dean who was crying now. He set the mostly empty mug on the table beside his bed, and tried to scoot closer. After a minute or two, even though it had him panting and the room was spinning some, he had managed to get where he could put one arm around Dean's shoulders, and get him to lean so his head was on Cas' shoulder.
Cas shifted and frowned at the ground. “Okay. That sounds fine.”
Cas took his spot back. "You would be correct."
what they needed.
“Like I said. They’re environmental. She was part of a group in town that protested pollution, and advocated for protecting the ocean and the sea animals. Her son and daughter are the same way.”
“Seriously? It’s wrapped up that much?”
The three of them sat in the floor, leafing through papers and trading files around.
“Promise me you’ll be careful tomorrow.”
Oh, lying. Cas disliked lying very much. Dean and Sam told him he was poor at it. Often.
“Yeah, because we don’t have enough books here,” Dean had laughed.
, Sam gave up on it. He shut his computer, and went to the T.V room, where Dean and Cas were likely to be. They were watching ‘Raiders of the Lost Arc’, and Cas was helpfully pointing out every historical inaccuracy.
“Personal space?”
“Yeah, I know. Journey sucks. They got two,
“Delilah? I thought I’d already explained this.”
Crowley walked into the room just like he walked into every room, like he owned the damn thing. "Well, isn't this a lovely reunion?"
Dean reached over and grabbed his hand. “Well, thanks for telling him that.”
“Green beans with bacon bits?”
saved his life.
The hunters had thought they'd dug up the right bones, but by the time Sam had realized their mistake, the family, who'd believed they were safe, had been attacked again.
She shuddered. “Sickening.”
Sam pulled the light on. “What the hell?”
Well, that sounded vaguely ominous. “What kind of mistake?”
Charlie shook her head. "I'm just a part-timer."
“Just said to turn on the T.V.”
Cas sat straight up in the bed with a gasp, and Lucifer flew away.
They bickered through the store, like they always did, arguing about stuff like vegetables and ‘what the fuck is a cumquat? It sounds dirty, Sam’.
Later, after the coffee, breakfast, and pain pills kicked in, Cas seemed to be feeling better. The first hangover always seemed to be the worst, and it looked like Cas had really over done it the night before.
Dean huffed. “You are so
He had moved much closer to Cas, and had now reached out and put a warm, firm hand on Cas's hip. "I think about it a lot."
He smiled at Dean, and he knew he’d done good. Whatever it was, he knew Cas would explain later. In the meantime, Cas handed Sam and Dean their own gifts.
Benny and Charlie came back not long after that. Benny had taken over a lot of the cooking, once he realized most of them had not really experienced what he said was 'food the way it was meant to be made'. Which really just consisted of a lot of seafood, and Benny bitching about where they were.
“Oh, thank God. I’ll swing by for you then we’ll get Sam.”
“Uhm, Dean? I know you wrote it down for me, but I’ve misplaced the paper, and I don’t remember the correct sequence of knocks.”
The man just shrugged. "Told ya. We got a hour or so."
Dean and Sam looked at each other. “Dead? Are you sure?”
It was a typical cellar; dark, moldy smelling. It was kind of small, considering the size of the house. Cas was looking around, frowning.
"You gotta tell me," was whispered against Cas's neck, and he shivered.
Dean pulled him into a sideways hug. "Awesome."
Dean rubbed at his head; he was getting a bitch of a headache trying to follow all of this bullshit. He really,
Dean rolled his eyes. Of
Cas was leaning over one of the men and
Well, it
"Come on, we're going outside."
Cas made some weird, shooing motion with his hands. “Lie down.”
Sammy had gotten into his first. It was just an envelope anyway, so it wasn’t like he had something to rip into. His eyes went huge when he saw what was inside.
Meg climbed up and curled up on Cas’ stomach when Dean was finished. He sighed. “Okay. You wanna watch him?”
The mangels didn't seem to be made up of the soldiers that Cas had described. These must have been lesser trained angels, because they were going down easily. Almost too easily. Like cannon fodder. By the time Dean got over the fence, there were only a few left.
Sam led the way inside. There were about four old men sitting at a table drinking coffee, and a forcibly cheerful looking woman stood at the register.
Dean and Cas started salting and keroseneing the large living room. It was going good, until Cas got in front of the fireplace on the other side of the room. He felt cold and could suddenly see his breath form in front of him.
"Okay."
The man took off his reading glasses. “I am.”
"Everything go okay?" Sam was talking with the others.
“Cas, please tell me you found it. I am
It was like they had walked onto the set of ‘The Waltons’.
Cas shrugged. “All the religious overtones. It’s weird, it doesn’t
“What happened to you? Jeeze, you’re gonna catch pneumonia!”
Dean huffed, clearly in annoyance. “You wanna be more specific?”
Cas had gone through another change, only a couple of days after the 'Shower Incident'. Now, he was pretty much apathetic about everything. Dean had offered to go out to the garden with him, to take him into town, to do just about anything. But all he seemed to want to do was sit or lay in his room or stare blankly at the TV. Dean had tried getting into the bed with him, or lay with him on the loveseat, but Cas had shooed him away every time. He had
Sam didn’t bother him anymore as they went through the store, getting hamburger meat, bread, beer, sodas, milk, bacon, eggs, flour, and he snuck in some yogurt,
Dean swung his legs out of the bed and sat facing Cas. “We gotta be honest with each other. If you have some kind of plan you think might work, tell me, and we can work on it. Together.”
"Well, it's bothering me now."
He picked his next words carefully. “You fenced for him, right?”
He shook his head. “This is familiar. But I’m not sure from where.”
"Look, I know you want to take care of him, but we've got to get him down those stairs down into the bunker, and that's not a one person job. Let me help. Please."
She smiled at him. “You’re welcome.”
He sighed. “She was my best friend when you couldn’t be. So, he just hit a sore spot.”
on his shoulder. He dragged Sammy in first, then went back for Cas then Crowley. Dean managed to get them seated all together then told the nurse behind the desk that they needed help. Her hair looked like she may have tried to yank it out in places and she had several pens stuck in her pony-tail. She took his name then told him the triage nurse would be to see him soon.
Dean tightened his grip slightly. “You gonna be okay?”
“I am
“Dude, what was that about?”
Sam nodded. “Good. Okay. Uhm…Can you guys wait here?”
You didn't always find yourself falling in love in the middle of a dingy laundromat, did you?
Sam shook his head. This was
Cas nodded and started picking at his food. Sam noticed he was refusing to look at Dean, and Dean seemed to not notice.
Cas turned around in his chair. “There will be something in one of these files. I will keep looking.”
Cas took a deep breath and walked back around the corner and right into the bar.
Lizzy raised her hands. “I had nothing to do with Ruth, and her plans. Honestly, I had considered taking my Grace out and falling, months before we were ejected. Heaven was a
He had two hours to think on it, and he still had no answers when Dean started moving a little.
Dean interrupted his thoughts. "You wanna make out?"
"Yes, I remember. I would give anything to not have to ask you to go into that room."
Sleep never came.
Cas looked guiltily around the kitchen. “So…I did not destroy anything?”
“Yeah. I’m sure I have.” Cas let out a sigh. “Where should I get it?”
“Fine. That turkey knows who the bitch is now. What’s Sam doing?”
Death sat back down in his chair. “But a small number, seventy-five exactly, remember. A varying degree of power and abilities are still in them, yet they are still no longer angels. They
? I…I am Legion. For we are many.”
Cas's voice was shaky. "Yeah. I get it."
“They found Ashley here,” Cas was saying, standing next to an end table with a drawer on it, “and they found the ectoplasm leaking here.” Cas patted the wall behind him, consulting the case file.
“It came to me in a dream.”
Dean leaned his elbows on the table and rubbed his temples. “Dude, do you remember the last time we dealed with Death?”
Sam took the blade from Kevin. “Cas, could you melt this?”
was what he wanted. So he leaned forward.
Dean had talked Garth into not asking them to go out on the road for a couple of weeks after they’d gotten back. They’d all agreed to stick with the best guess they’d had, which was a rogue reaper. He’d kept off their backs, but he eventually did call Sam about what seemed like a simple haunting in Wyoming, and there wasn’t anyone else to put on it.
“I got your point, Brother.”
“I am Ruth. I just came by town to pay my brother a little visit.”
Hannah was bouncing on the floor of the living room when they got inside.
Dean leaned forward and kissed him. It was the first time they had properly kissed each other since before Cas had been kidnapped. He had almost forgotten how incredible it felt. He had intentions of deepening it, but Dean pulled away.
Dean pumped his fist.
He groaned.
Dean smiled. “Sorry.”
Dean grabbed some and started looking through. “Man, these are spread out all over the city. It might just be faster if we stick together and take the car. I mean, come on, this one place is way out there.”
"I believe you."
one.”
Stay tuned!
Rita came back in, a number written on a post-it. “Here. Is there anything else?”
"Yeah. Sam is just gonna whine a while then he'll shut up. He's been telling me for a while he's happy we're together. And we weren't
The sea dragon was still flailing. Dean got close enough to the side and slashed out, but all that did was make it hiss, and then all of a sudden, it just disappeared back into the water with hardly a ripple.
The connection with a brother, one he had not felt since he had ripped Heaven apart. It was a good feeling.
“This is the fault of the fizzley drink.”
“It’s this finger…thing.”
“Oh, yes. See?”
It was the part of him that had admired the freckles on the body he'd newly recreated with only slightly less than his usual clinical detachment. It was the part of him that always sought Dean out in times of trouble. It was the part of him that had wanted to cry, every night when Dean would pray in Purgatory. It was the part of him that, when faced with human arousal for the first time, had pictured creased green eyes to spur him to completion.
Dean could have sworn his heart stopped for a minute and everything was getting a little blurry. He could feel Cas’s hand moving over his cheekbones. “Why are you crying?”
“Tallish, with strawberry blonde hair, wearing jogging pants and a Kansas State shirt. Skinny looking, maybe late twenties.”
He leaned over the bar, waving two fingers at the bartender, who sent Dean a brief nod.
"Do you…uhm, do you think you can sit up to eat?"
Dean jolted right out of the bed.
“We’ve moved on to the next victim. You feel up to coming into an animal shelter with us, or waiting out here?”
Next, Cas went to the dungeon room, where all the things needed to summon Crowley were kept. That would be handy. He had just knelt down on the hard floor when Sam’s voice came from behind him.
Cas paused. “But I can never forgive him for Meg. I know…You guys hated her, and for good reasons…”
“Um…Well, thanks Charlie. I guess we’ll talk soon.”
Shit, that was sooner than expected.
“Okay. But you’d tell me, right? If, uh, there was something you needed?”
Chuck looked at Cas. “I’m sorry about that. The way I made the angels was a mistake. At the time I didn’t realize it.”
Dean looked impressed. “Those must be damn good biscuits. Hey, we need to…”
Cas shook his head. “I can’t believe this.”
“Dean. What are you doing here?”
He jerked his eyes up from the table, not realizing that he had been drifting in thought for so long.
Cas eventually came into the room, approaching the table like it was infested with harpies or something.
“So…She was literally
Dean tried to shift around to stand up, but it sent a shooting pain up his crotch. Where no shooting pain should ever go. "Uh. Mind giving me a hand here?"
“It isn’t possible. But he’s the only one I can think of.”
It was true; Castiel did feel deeply depressed to just be in Allie's presence. But, he reminded himself, there was a greater good at stake here. "I have experience caring for large wings."
“Fine. It’ll take him a while to get back into the swing of things. I think he’s just wore out.”
Gabriel crossed his arms and actually looked a little nervous. “He wants to see you guys. All three of you.”
Very slowly, Cas managed to nod, and Sam started helping him out of his shirts. “Dean, get his hair dried, would you?”
Cas nodded. "Yeah, okay."
“Is your side okay? I think you landed…”
So now Cas found himself picking up litter around a public park. Dean had also
Sam looked pale and was holding an ice pack to the side of his head. “What happened?”
A tear ran down Cas' face. "No, no. Ruth, I won't fall for this again."
Well. That got its attention.
"Cas?" Dean had shoved himself so he was leaning over him. "Babe? What's wrong?"
“I never get to drive. Please?”
She waved, seeming to sense that he didn’t know what to say, and got into the Firebird. “See ya around, maybe.”
one came through, and wiped the whole town completely off the map.”
"Sam? Where are we?"
stupidly decided to cook a fucking
Dean thought this was a really weird idea. “Uh, well, okay then. Go on ahead and try it.”
He returned his attention to the fire. "It's nothing, Dean. I have been foolish, and it isn't important."
“Dude, no one can.”
Cas smiled slightly. "Yes. I just have a feeling we're only doing this to bother Sam."
Kudos/comments appreciated, and thanks!
Cas got the next few books in the series that Charlie had gotten him hooked on, and he spent a good bit of time in the garden, reading or drawing. It was cold out, colder than he had experienced so far, but it was sunny, and he just bundled up. Sam told him he looked like an Eskimo.
Cas thanked the lady and left the shop, a light tinkling following him. He walked in the direction that he thought the diner was in, but soon found himself a little lost. It was hard to get too lost in a town like this, though, and a man who dressed very reminiscently of Bobby Singer pointed him down the side walk, then to cut through the alley there.
"These last few days have been fun, Dean. Perhaps you recognize it. I was never there personally, but I heard the stories. I tried to make it as best as I could."
"I. Am. Going. Out." He made sure to emphasize each word.
"Dean? What the hell are you doing?"
But Dean shifted his weight so he could touch Cas's cheek. "You're shaking."
Just then, Charlie resurfaced, and pushed an ancient looking trunk about the size of a milk crate onto the deck. “Hey, we found a few of these. Gonna bring them up.”
"Always." It was a quick answer, one Cas obviously didn't need to think about. Dean quit bending and just got down, the textured bottom of the shower biting into his knees. He moved forward so he could kiss along Cas' hipbones, nosing into the patch of hair just below his belly button.
right now.”
Dean felt a tear roll down his face, but he refused to acknowledge it. “You know what, screw you! Get out!
He pulled out his phone. “Oh, God. The missing kids. She knew homeless kids and snatched them, then brought them here.”
It was what the first one wasn’t. Soft, and Dean did in fact taste like apples and old leather.
something Heavenly going on here, Dean. We have to find out what.”
Sam dropped into the armchair. “Twelve very secretive files, and they aren’t releasing any info about them out to the public.”
“Putting the Blade into Dean’s hands, I figured he’d come back. Half-Demon like me, but still…Dean. But this. He grabbed me and we zoomed off, I don’t even know where. I only think he didn’t kill me because he knew I woke him up, but I got away as soon as I could.”
One night, Cas woke up, mid-nightmare about the Impala being pushed off a cliff while Dean and Sam were still in it. He sat in his bed, wondering what had woke him, when he heard a pained noise next door from Dean's room. He shakily got out of his bed and went down the hall.
The story of Mary the elephant is true. Go to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_(elephant) to see her story.
"I've got it."
Dean shook his head and took half a step back. “Nothing. Just...Sammy’ll be back soon.”
Cas smiled. “That’s great!”
“Yeah. It’s under ‘Luigi’, but this is the guy getting it.” Dean slapped Cas on the back.
“Oh. So, this…”
But just then, it flew off, blending in with a patch of orange and yellow flowers not very far away.
Dean laughed and pulled him so he was helping him stand some. "I think that's the best complement I have ever gotten after going down on someone."
Sam interrupted. “Can you, like, erase those books out of existence?”
of Sam’s?”
“Yeah. I am.”
Dean looked around. “Did I kill it?”
“Okay. You gotta look up for me.” Dean sat on the toilet, facing Cas. They were close enough their knees were bumping against each other. Dean had to reach under Cas’s chin and pulled his face up. He started washing off the blood and the ectoplasm that had gotten smeared around his face and down his throat. Cas kept his eyes closed.
He frowned and moved his head around again. “Something’s different.”
Dean snorted. “That’s Sammy’s thing. Why go through all those dusty books when I can just ask Mr. Know-It-All.”
Cas became still and let Dean get another warm cloth. After it had dried, blood could be a bitch to clean off, and some of the black ecto goop that had dribbled out made Dean uncomfortably remember the Leviathan again.
Dean looked a little shaken, but just then, Sam came in and instantly knew something was wrong. Cas was relieved when Dean told Sam what had happened, because he knew he could not retell it again.
Sam and Dean were wandering around the place. “No EMF. Not that I really expected any.” Their voices were coming from the kitchen, and Cas was still in the bedroom. He kneeled down and looked under the man’s bed. There was one medium-sized, very battered cardboard box tucked away in the middle under the head board. Cas had to stretch a little to reach it, but he managed to pull it out.
This was actually turning adorable. “Yeah, because Cas doesn’t know how to lie. And I know you don’t swing that way, but Cas is a special case.”
They had been on the road for a couple of hours in silence. It wasn’t a bad silence, and Cas was cool enough to tolerate whatever Dean found on the radio, unlike Sam who liked to bitch and moan.
Cas nodded. “Then may I borrow your ring?” He felt Sam and Dean stiffen behind him.
Dean turned around. “We’ll get it eventually. Maybe it’s just gonna be a wild goose chase. Who knows?”
, Cas.”
“I will.”
"Hey. We're cool, alright? I'm not gonna say that I get what you've been going through. But I know it's not easy on you."
Cas shook his head. "Don't touch it too much and it'll be fine."
“No, this is far beyond his control. But he will be able to clear up some details.”
Sam had taken his phone out and snapped a few pictures. “Thank you for showing us this.”
Cas' mind had been in a light fog since Dean had broken the kiss.
“Castiel, it’s going to be okay. I owe all three of you explanations, and that’s what’s going to happen. I am not going to punish you, I promise. Come on.”
Dean shook his head. "Naw. I don't...Don't, you know, take it personal. But I don't think sex'll make me feel better about this."
Sam had been paired with Benny, and they made their way to the farthest side of the building. Charlie, Kevin, and Garth would take the other side. As soon as they got close enough to the fence, they settled down to wait for Dean's signal.
It wasn’t as nice as some of the other places they’d been, but it was quiet and peaceful. Just on the other side of the street was an older looking trailer park.
He shook his head, and concentrated on the movie. ‘None of your business’, he told himself. After the movie was over, Sam made an excuse that he had to pack for the trip they were taking to Missouri the next day, to get the Colt. He’d already packed, but he had no problem hiding out in his room for a while.
was going to be okay. But the words...He just couldn’t say them.
Cas moved over to one of the men. He had deep scratches on his forehead and all the way across the back of his head. Sam nodded. “The Crown of Thorns.”
They were out of the bunker, and Lizzy smiled at him. “Cas, I am more than pleased that we have both found happiness here. You have a family, and I am…”
Four hours later and they were sitting around the table in their motel room, still staring at the papers and photos, and all the ‘clues’ they’d gotten. They’d stuck maps, pins, notes, and strings on almost half of the room’s walls. Print outs from histories, legends, local stories, you name it, and they still had
Sam shrugged and went to the bathroom where they kept most of the medicine they had and shook out a couple of pills. When he went back into the kitchen, Dean was cooking with an amused look on his face, and Cas was finally sitting up, blinking around groggily and looking mortified. “Here you go, man.”
Sam rolled his eyes and snatched it back. “Okay. Let’s go. Buddhist, not supposed to use brain-morphing chemicals, got it. I guess that’s it.”
Unfortunately, the girl had one last oomph in her, and the only way Sam was going was forward and down, right into the fiery grave.
Dean shoved his face into view. “You found it? That’s what you’ve been doing all fuc…”
"They're disturbing."
“There’s no…I’m not talkin’ about this with you. Me and Cas don’t need to be labeled.”
want, Dean?"
“Yeah, big day.” Dean turned back to the stove. “Cas, you wanna get the plates out?”
Of course, the one he’d had had burned up. “Hey, check it out, it’s got a compass on it…”
Crowley shrugged, and Cas walked up to him. “We’ll do this in the other room. Sam, just wait here.”
He sighed. “You’ll see.”
Cas gently shook his head. “I got possessed by a witch and almost killed you. I don’t consider that a ‘good job’.”
“Hey, Cas.”
Besides Dean being a little distracted by worrying whether or not Cas was doing okay, the Rougarou hunt was successfully completed in three days, with some bruises and a scratch up the side of Sam’s face being the only injuries.
Sam lowered his gun and shoved his brother away. “Seriously? Can I…”
He sat down and started filling up his own plate. Benny had done the chicken and waffles again.
They found Quang in the living room, bent over a massive pile of books.
Two more days passed before Cas got an opportunity to explore his ‘theories’. Sam was interviewing a potential witness, which seemed pretty flimsy in all honesty, and Dean was...
Cas breathed out a laugh. “You keep saying that.”
. Dean had lost count of how many times he’d threatened to shoot him over the last week, just out of principle.
He nodded. “We’ll look into it, Sister. Thank you.”
Cas nodded, moving to the other braid. “She did. After I woke up, and was waiting for Dean to come and get me, I got bored. So she thought it would be…useful, if I learned how to braid hair.”
Cas had a tear rolling down his face and Dean almost reached up to wipe it away, but held himself back.
There was a long awkward silence that Cas eventually broke. “How much do you remember?”
He looked around at the four of them. “Can’t you see what is missing?”
He looked over at Dean, then at Gabriel. “There’s only two things that could resurrect an archangel.”
He looked over and Cas had paled. “Don’t worry, buddy. You’ve hurt worse, believe me.”
“Maybe someone’s lost and saw the car?”
“Uh, Cas, you sure you wanna be doing this?”
Dean got out of his chair. “I’m gonna go back. You get some rest, man.”
doing this, there wasn’t much sexiness going on.
, and this was all kinds of messed up. It was getting really hot in here, Cas would keep it hot, though. Did he need water, he thought he needed water.
“Dude. I can’t
“Yeah, I…”
"I think he'll be okay. He has a lot to deal with, and it might be something he has to figure out on his own."
Dean knocked on Cas’s door. He’d taken to bringing all the info the Men of Letters had gathered on angels and was looking through them in his room. He said it was quieter in there, away from the ruckus Kevin and Dean sometimes caused. “Come in.”
Cas frowned, matching Dean’s angry expression with his own. “Yes. I do. I unchained him from you after
“I’ll grab you some Tylenol. Hey, Dean, watch the food will you?”
"Dude, I'm getting that."
Dean breathed against his skin, hot, but it still brought goosebumps to the area. "Touch me, then."
The only thing Cas was feeling was a very dull sense of annoyance and frustration. The worst part was, Cas
Dean looked through the doors. "Okay. Remember, Charlie and Kevin you stay here and wait. Thirty minutes. You know what to do?" They both nodded.
Cas smiled and looked down. “No. I didn’t miss that.”
. Pure chaos. So I wanted something of pure
After one particular grind, Castiel moaned, louder than he meant to. "Shh," Dean murmured into his throat, but punctuated it with an even harder movement.
The man sniffled and walked off. Sam turned around and snapped a picture of the cork board. “Every one of these attacks has been because someone is guilty of something or other. I think it’s gotta mean something that Courtney Collins was found here, facing
Dean shook his head. "Come on. I'm being...sincere and stuff. What...What do you
“Seriously? Awesome! When do you need the car?”
“Dean, what are you…”
“You wanna leave.”
Cas sighed and picked his book up from the bed. "Where would you like me to go?"
die. They can also still communicate with each other telepathically, which gives them a great advantage. Their leader is Ruth, who I believe you have already met.”
They made a run for the fence and hopped over it. Everyone that had been on this side had ran over to the other, so no one saw them coming.
“Come on, Cas, we need to leave.”
Dean sat on his bed and Kevin pulled the chair at the desk out. “I found a spell on the Angel Tablet. One calling for the heart of an angel and a human made one, an instrument to create love, and the Grace of a pure angel, one who loved humanity as much as God himself did.”
Sam had read off directions to the next place, and Dean asked again. “What does this Fleur whatever mean?”
“That’s good to know. Thank you, Dean.”
“I’m not being anything, Sammy is just a pile of douche-nozzles!” Dean yelled from the kitchen.
Benny was straightening himself up. “How’re we gonna kill it?”
He pulled away and sat back on his heels, his eyes were red and his face was still wet. "Dean, I'm sorry…"
He looked up from the screen, only to see Dean hurriedly turn his face away. He'd been staring again.
He'd just turned the latch for the lock, when Dean pushed past him. The other voice was explained when he pulled a woman behind him, shorter, with jet black hair and unnervingly piercing blue eyes.
