With a careful callousness that suggested that (knowing and liking the original John Watson) they’d had about enough of this one, the two Security men waited for Sh’lok to punch the button releasing the brig door’s forcefield, and then flung their unwilling cargo through. Sh’lok instantly punched the control again, at which point all four inside the brig cell started shouting and snarling at him. “What is this?” “What’re you doing, Sh’lok?”
John glanced over to where the two fallen Security men were being helped up by Mrs. Hudson and her junior engineer. Then he turned to look at Donovan, wondering where else their now-missing visitor might have taken herself. “Condition reports from all decks, Lieutenant—”
Together John and Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson boosted him up so that Lestrade could start work. John leaned over the table and watched, feeling like one large desperately thrumming nerve. “Everything laid in, Hudders? The time lag so the operator can get into the transporter chamber?”
John took a breath, pushed the button again, his mind full of the satisfying image of those horrible little things falling to the ground everywhere they were roosting, and melting disgustingly away. “Sickbay!”
John thought. Not that Sh’lok couldn’t play perfectly brilliantly while distracted. But John put this together with that odd hesitancy in the doorway and knew something was going on.
Or at least certainly not the one Sh’lok knew. His body language was wrong. His stance was wrong. He held himself quite differently, both standing and moving, as he came down from the pads. Though these were admittedly subjective impressions, they were confirmed in Sh’lok’s experience by months of observation; and there was no avoiding the observation of this moment that the twin auras of arrogance and barely-leashed violence that routinely clung about John Watson were quite missing.
John leaned his head forward so that his forehead touched Sh’lok’s, and the two of them were looking downward together. Slowly and with care, John undid Sh’lok’s flies, laid them open. His pants were identical to John’s, the standard black Starfleet uniform issue; and under them he was very, very hard.
The answer was slow in coming back. “I have observed my father doing so,” Sh’lok said, very low. “When he thought no one could see. But then his circumstances are unique. As regards Vulcans in general, however, the behavior seems to lack even narrow cultural currency, and my data sample is essentially a null set.”
Sh’lok hit another toggle. “Security to the Transporter Room,” he said, knowing that a detachment was always nearby and on standby—because in the wake of the dreadful situation at Tantalus V, he and John had discussed this situation and others like it at length, and after some give and take the Captain had set into ship’s protocols a mandated response to it. “Situation 42, I say again, situation 42.” And Sh’lok started a countdown ticker in his head, because after all this sorted itself out the Captain would want an analysis of how well it had worked. This was also helpful in that it distracted him somewhat from the distraught cry at the back of his mind,
Instantly John had hold of Lestrade as he went down, bracing him. John was terrified that he wouldn’t feel a pulse, feel breathing. But then Lestrade breathed, and straightened a little—and the open eyes had him behind them, even though he wasn’t looking at John. He was looking straight ahead of him at something no one else in the room could see. For a moment more he knelt there, his muscles a bit slack, until his hands came together in what for John was a familiar gesture:  the rubbing-them-together thing that Lestrade did to limber those skilled hands up a bit when he was about to start a discourse, or a surgery.
do you not understand that the need of my people for their Controller is greater than your need for your friend?”
It was probably at least a few minutes later, but seemed like just a few breaths’ time, before John heard the sound he’d been dreading: a long hoarse cry of anguish, quickly cut off.
Hudson and the others split into two small groups and moved off to John’s left and right. That was when John saw the first of the shaggy, weatherworn heads peer over a rock at him. Dark blue eyes caught brown ones, and there it was in the other’s eyes: the shock of the new, the sudden realization of the presence of the alien. A sympathetic adrenaline-shiver went down John’s back, for even in a terrible situation like this, that moment of strangeness, of meeting the
Eventually he had managed to settle himself somewhat, though the two clocks counting down inside him ticked away, relentless. For the moment Sh’lok sat quiet, examining the data he had, and wondering how to acquire more without either endangering himself or this different Captain Watson further.
John stepped down to stand by the center seat as Mrs. Hudson got out of it. “Magnification ten, Mr. Bradstreet. Distance?”
John thought as the Vulcan before him lifted his own weapon into his hands, and he was briefly taken off guard by the unexpected mass of its counterweight. As he hefted it one part of his mind said to him,
The shout echoed and rang under the arches, echoing, repeating itself away into seemingly impossible distances. John held still, listening for a reply.
“Ah,” Dr. Hooper said, and went pinker. “Well, Mr. Sh’lok hasn't been eating, Doctor, and I, I just happened to notice…”
John thought. Without looking away from the creature, Sh’lok put the weapon back in its place at his hip, then took a step forward again.
Certain now of his internal autonomy, Sh’lok turned his back on it, and turned his attention to regaining his outer.
Again the perfect Sh’lok imitation, not nearly as amusing as it had been earlier in the day. “‘I have done so,’ says he. ‘And now that I have, I will return to my quarters.’” Lestrade snorted. “I told him
John nodded. “Then our counterparts must have been transporting up at the exact same time. Similar storms on both universes disrupted the data transfer, entangled the quantum jump state equivalencies during transport—”
John stared around him and realised to his horror that in all directions around him, things were starting to go dim. He shivered, remembering his primary-school trip to see the total eclipse of 2243. December in the Canary Islands had not been cold, but as Bailey’s Beads had flashed out around the moon’s rim, the air had gone unnervingly chill, and John’s heart had too, as the the sky and the sea together went dark in the space of a long slow breath.
He got back to his feet and went over to John. “You can't be serious,” Lestrade said, indignant. “That thing is virtually made out of
Without warning, around the corner came the woman in the purple lamé, and two of the big local humanoid men, the Morgs, one on either side of her, in a kind of uniform. At the sight of them—but more specifically, at the sight of
John thought. Deneva didn’t have many cities, but the ones it had were supposedly flourishing and busy; Harry’s messages to him, until those started becoming increasingly sparse and sporadic, had been full of typical city-dweller complaints about overcrowded public transit and shopping.
But the clock was running, and John’s patience was running thinner with every decreasing digit of the time. “What have you done with Sh’lok’s brain?” he demanded. “Where've you taken it?”
In the light at the end of the corridor he could immediately see something moving. The movement resolved itself into a shadow: the shadow resolved itself into a shape, approaching him in haste. If someone from Earth (for example) had been standing beside him, it would have looked like a beast the size of a polar bear, but bigger in the shoulder, broader in the beam, significantly bulkier but also quicker on its feet, having evolved in heavier gravity. Making fast short-breathed noises, Sh’lok’s red-pelted sehlat came lolloping along out of the light and flung himself at Sh’lok.
John cleared his throat. “Sh’lok,” he said, “if you’re amenable, I think this discussion might most profitably be continued elsewhere.” He glanced upwards toward the ceiling, where there were, as they both knew quite well, visual sensors. “So let’s lock up here. And then…”
In the Bridge the tension level was already surprisingly high when John got there. Mrs. Hudson had been holding down the center seat while John had been down in the gym, and then in his quarters showering off and getting caught up on his logging. Without warning a little vessel had appeared nearby on sensors—just seeming to pop out of nowhere, without showing any of the warning signs in subspace that a ship dropping out of warp normally did.
“Which, assuming it actually exists, your species insists inevitably favours the prepared mind,” Sh’lok said. “Therefore there would seem to be little logic in—”
John was becoming frustrated enough that he wasn’t sure what was going to come out of his mouth when he opened it. But Lestrade stopped him. “John, it’s no use. You'll get nothing useful out of that one… because something very peculiar’s going on with her brain chemistry. Her cortical function is being purposely suppressed.”
“Duty’s a harsh mistress, Mr. Sh’lok,” he said. “No point in letting things slide so long that you make her start wondering where she left the riding crop. Donovan?”
Sh’lok pressed his cheek against John’s and arched against him, hands stroking up John’s back and down to his arse, cupping it and brushing gently between the cheeks as he pushed their hips together. John pushed happily back, letting himself be pulled under by Sh’lok’s delight at what they were doing together. Yet he’d noticed a hesitation in Sh’lok’s thought, and instantly suspected it might conceal something that could make what they were experiencing together even more intense.
A moment later John was back in Sickbay, his hands dropping from Sh’lok’s face. That face had gone impassive again, impossible to read. John let out a breath, turned away.
Sh’lok produced a sort of eyebrow-shrug of agreement. “Nor, I think, need we ever fear what may come of that. Your crew knows your total loyalty to them, and how intent you are on protecting them at all costs. Nor would you fail to sacrifice yourself, or me, or both of us, to save them should there be need. And in that attitude I heartily concur. So if you and I merely continue to comport ourselves appropriately as officers in public—in such a way as to assure your command that we are going about business as usual—then all should be well.”
John realised that his own tunic had already taken leave of him just as he was dropping Sh’lok’s to the floor, and long, lean, strong arms were pulling him close again. Nonetheless he shivered. It was hard, even in these circumstances, to put aside the habitual nervousness about the slightly-misshapen shoulder that even the medical expertise of this day and age had never been able to perfectly repair. But then after the phaser bolt at Maiwand he’d barely even had a shoulder
“Watson, quickly!” Vanderberg’s voice came back to him. Hurriedly John made his way along the power plant’s corridor, drawing his phaser as he went.
Though to John it felt as if the blood was buzzing in his veins at the mere thought of what was about to happen
. There was also T’Kait, who wanted very much to be my consort, and I wanted her. If your Captain were victor, he would not want me, and so I would have T’Kait. If you were victor you would free me because I had dared to challenge, and again I would have T’Kait. But if you did
And he leapt out of the chair and came at her—only to find Sally’s dagger, that very sharp, much-ground, nicked-at-the-edges dagger—pointed right in his face, just under his nose. The message was clear enough:
“I am instructed to wait until planet dawn over principal target to permit you to carry out our mission.”
“There is evidence to support Einstein having dictated that example to his secretary so that she might quote it to the reporters who kept coming to his office seeking interviews and disrupting his workday. In 1929 the New York
who was seen as the controlling partner—possibly a vestigial point of view dating back to times when control of mate-choice vested in a clan matriarch, and the one who controlled fertility was the mother-to-be. The one who entered the childbearer to be contained within them was the supplicant, totally subject to their acceptance and consent. Only the one who chose to be pierced and filled, only the one who accepted the other in, could grant the other a home.
too busy going on a tear around his ship and bullying everybody in sight to look too closely at the computers for at least an hour or two. Probably a lot more. Anyway, how likely is he to do that himself? I’m betting you he’s not very technical.”
“Fine.” John was trying to sound casual and had absolutely no idea how he was doing, because his pulse was pounding too loudly in his ears. He strode up onto the Transporter podium, picked a pad, and stood himself there at parade rest, fairly certain that Anderson had not seen him draw his phaser and hide it behind his back in the process. “Energize.”
He had another drink of the beer, which was all right as far as flavour went but had a tendency to go flat quickly. “Are you eating?” he said, because Sh’lok’s personal tendencies aside, Vulcans could and did go without regular meals for surprisingly long periods.
He was quite prepared to recite her last five minutes or so of dialogue as proof that he had. But even as he opened his mouth to do so, Mrs. Hudson started laughing softly.
John found it hard to move, he was so shaken (and yet also moved) by the sight of the the proud cool man he knew, not at all
“Especially when we get tossed around the way we did when we made orbit. Sh’lok, for so long as Hudders needs to be down there with us holding all these bloody dissertations on what we do with dilithium crystals that
Instantly the two of them stood just outside the locus matrix’s outer boundary, before the fortalice’s great black door, at the top of the seventeen broad polished steps. As Sh’lok watched, the door swung closed with a giant hollow crash, and the locks threw themselves into place.
John sat there behind his desk with his legs propped easily up on it for all the world as if he was comfortable with
It hadn’t lasted, of course. But John was understanding it now. At the first brushing of the other's mind directly against yours, your whole being jerked back as reflexively as your hand jerked back from fire. But as far as your mind went, this
“The woman from the ship that came out of nowhere and matched our course,” John said. “And then appeared on the Bridge…
Oh! No, no. I mean… what happened back on Vulcan.” John shook his head. “Reliving the events in enough detail to satisfy Fleet isn’t going to be pleasant.” He sighed. “Yet… things could have gone so much worse.”
have—and Sh’lok had admitted it with considerable admiration—was a surprisingly ferocious mental energy and drive that would make it possible for him to penetrate deep into another’s mind before they could do much to stop him. Normally this wouldn’t do John much good on his own. He wasn’t Vulcan, after all, and didn’t have the experience yet, maybe would never have enough, to
But what made it difficult for him to think clearly about these problems at the moment was that John felt sure he was broadcasting HOLY FUCK AM I REALLY GOING TO GET DOWN TO IT WITH THIS AMAZING MAN? from every pore. He was exasperated with himself, he was embarrassed by himself, and he was
And the the touch of it, even unseen, briefly froze him where he knelt. The smell of chemical smoke in the air, almost a bit like old-fashioned gunpowder. The feel of the floor against his back. And a stranger’s voice saying,
Sh’lok held still for a good while except for nodding politely to Mrs. Hudson and responding verbally as if he was paying attention to her. He was, of course—at one of the less vital levels of his consciousness—but elsewhere he was busy.
. There was a hall-of-mirrors quality to it that initially was easy to get lost in, John was finding… until one party or the other did something new or intense that shocked the other back into the immediacy of the foreground of feeling.
“Yes,” Lestrade said, though he looked at John in a way that suggested he didn’t think any but the briefest conversations were a good thing.
Over recent months John had learned that it was generally unwise to judge alien computers or other similarly advanced machinery by their containers. Nonetheless it was difficult to look at the installation in the middle of the room and not see it as the offspring of a union between a bedside lamp and a two-century-old coffee machine. At the center of it all was a shiny columnar black box with a light-up globe on top, and the box was conjoined by what looked like transparent lightguides to several surrounding pylons.
But he didn’t get the chance, because T’Eyreen had swiftly stepped forward from where she’d been standing. She mounted the dais, thrust her hand in a
He gasped, focusing every last scrap of concentration on dealing with that control correctly, though he could only judge his success by squints and glimpses at Sh’lok and Kara through tears of pain.
him in a quick dense downpour of imagery. Glimpses of life in a Federation mostly at peace, with trouble sometimes flaring out at the edges of things, of course, and difficulties with the Romulans and Klingons, yes—but hardly an Empire busy with grinding other competing cultures into abject surrender or oblivion. The “near Federation” as a young John Watson had seen it during his Academy training— Starfleet San Francisco, Starfleet Utopia Planitia and Saturn Reservation; the near-Earth Starbases at Pluto Outer and Oort Inner, at Alphacent, Wolf 359 and 61 Cygni / Flying Star. His crew assignments on Starfleet vessels as John climbed through the ranks, ensign to lieutenant to lieutenant commander on
He took a breath, straightened himself up slightly. “You heard my sister-in-law say something about ‘they’ being here. Your guess?”
“Readings indicate a maze of tunnels of this general category in that direction,” Sh’lok said, waving at the wall through which the tunnel had been driven.
Sh’lok spared this proposition no more than a second’s thought. “No,” he said. “The three most vital parts of the Directive were either inapplicable to this situation or not germane to it. First, the species inhabiting sigma Draconis VI was already spacefaring—though using vessels they had not themselves devised—and knew perfectly well that other species and civilizations existed, since they’d been preying on them by proxy for many millennia. So, no violation of the ‘no information about spaceflight or other worlds’ injunction. Second, the Morgs and Eymorgs themselves, as it turns out, are not native to the sixth planet at all. They were brought here to be dependents of the beings who were the original Controllers. So the sections of the Directive having to do with cultural contamination of an indigenous species do not apply. And third, the culture itself can itself be considered stagnant via precontamination due to the last Controller’s interference, which forcibly prevented them from evolving either culturally or behaviourally.”
Bradstreet was worrying at the belt that had been the source of the anguish. “Molecular locking of some kind,” he said. “We’re not going to be able to get these off without tools that are a lot more advanced..”
John stood silent, profoundly moved not only by Sh’lok’s willingness to speak about this with him at all but by the sudden sense of the word “work” acquiring a capital letter… and of the concept itself being treated with the kind of reverence that most beings reserved for their deities.  Sh’lok, meanwhile, had bowed his head again as if gathering strength for something.
“Guess I should be grateful, actually. Haven’t really felt the need to have a nap, for one thing. Which is kind of amazing.”
Sh’lok was just opening his mouth to answer when above them the lights hanging from the ceiling of the cavern flickered. In a place of such oppressive dimness, the effect commanded instant attention: the thought of the dark that would fall when those lights went out was unnerving. Another alarm started going off, but for John at least it was entirely superfluous.
It took a few moments for John to realize his ears were ringing, and then some moments more before he could hear through it, and hear the voice calling his name again and again over the communicator.
And then one of them moved, and made that noise again: louder, this time, and longer, almost as if it realized it had been seen.
“To start with, because you’re doing as little harm as you can inside that system,” John said. “Because, among other things, you haven’t killed me yet. You didn’t just haul off and break Lestrade’s neck, either, when he refused to cooperate with you—because that’s what he did, wasn’t it.” It wasn’t a question. “You have at every turn, in the admittedly very short time I’ve known you, refrained from violence whenever possible.”
Those eyes opened, in this light so pale a silver as to seem colourless. He opened his mouth, his lips moved, but no sound came out. Nonetheless, the thought did.
it, stop it from happening. He took a breath. “—Probably asking the same questions. Are we in another universe? And if so, how do we get back to our own? They'll use the computer to work out the details. We’ve got to do that too.”
lengthwise this time, a thrusting blade-first attack. John dodged it sideways, then swung up the weighted end of the
“And they are the most inoffensive of creatures,” Sh’lok said. “They harbour ill will towards no one.”
John turned to her, for her tone of voice suggested she had some thoughts on that. “Captain,” Donovan said, “I’m picking up signs of some high energy generation on planet six.”
“Gentlemen,” John said, stepping up onto a pad himself and shooting Sh’lok a look—because in some moods he suspected his First Officer would try to outlive God in order to get the last word—“let’s put it on hold for the moment, shall we? The meter’s running.” He glanced over at the Transporter chief. “Mr. Anderson?”
Meanwhile John was regretting his roughness with this woman. “We don't want to hurt you,” he said. “What is this place?”
“Why waste time?” he said. “If we’re not careful, five years’ll be gone before we know it. Let’s set ‘em up again, Mr. Sh’lok, and see if you can’t teach me to pay better attention to level one.”
John thought with slightly wicked satisfaction as he pressed inward through the suddenly panicky darkness of the vestibule space that had sprung up between their minds.
The moments were fleeting by, though, and he could feel Sh’lok coming out of his momentary deep immersion in imagination… so John tucked the word away safe inside him and slid innocently out of the shadows, to where there were still bodies lying on their sides, pressed together, rubbing against one another.
The Vulcan blinked, then nodded. “Yes,” he said. “In essence, it can be done. A string of satellites around the planet with burning tri-magnesite and trevium—”
“Typical main sequence dwarf star,” Bradstreet said, “toward the orange side of G—a G9V5, actually. About three-quarters the size of Earth’s Sun, about eighty-five percent of its mass. But only about forty percent of its luminosity—rather metal-poor. Nine planets, three of them Class M. Old reports and long-range scanning indicate those three all possess sapient life.”
It took a certain amount of wriggling and shifting around for John to get the pants far enough down his legs to be kicked away. But when he managed that he realised that Sh’lok was rubbing himself against him just as unsubtly as he’d been doing with Sh’lok, his Vulcan now quite eager to get rid of his own pants but apparently unwilling to spare a hand for the task. John laughed and got up on his knees over Sh’lok.
The tide of sweet fire was swiftly rising in him and John knew he couldn’t hold it off for more than a few seconds longer. His body was desperate for his release and for Sh’lok’s, surging toward the rapture that would drown them both. But there was one more word that had to be spoken.
logic to get him on the damn biobed. Finally he lays himself down there and mutters ‘Examine me, for all the good it’ll do either of us.’” Lestrade scowled, ran a hand through his hair. “He had
He could and would excoriate you with your own ‘stupidity,’ then, no question. But even though the truth came first for him, he’d go out of his way to be polite when he was explaining to you exactly
mission unfolded, as routines bedded in and people started getting used to them and to each other, John had begun to discover that Vulcans did indeed have a sense of humour. Or his First Officer did… one that expressed itself only guardedly at first until it was sure that it was welcome, and in company that was willing to understand it. Then it took previously unsuspected forms.
Slowly, almost silently except for the softest murmur of actuators, a crack appeared down the center of the quarter-dome, widening as the doors began to slide open.
your damn bed morphs out. If it didn’t, I’d be having some words with whoever was responsible.” And John paused. “Wait. Haven’t you ever
levels… but judging by the way you are right now, your normal functioning won’t be affected. You might expect some vasodilator events as things settle down. Shouldn’t persist, though.”
John bent down by the woman and got the armband off her wrist as Lestrade knelt by her. “Is she all right?” John said.
right, anyway. Nearly had a cardiac of my own when I saw his blood pressure. I mean, seriously, John, he
Sh’lok moved to stand closer to the centre seat, looking at John with that same expression of faint bemusement. “Captain?”
John found himself intent on pressing the point. “Conquest is easy,” he said. “Control is not. We may have bitten off more than we can chew.”
John looked down the length of it: a perfect tube cut in the stone, converging what must be hundreds of meters away in a pinhead of vanishing point. “This goes back as far as the eye can see!” he said. “Our best machinery couldn't cut a tunnel like this, not even with phasers.”
“Good, Captain Watson.” That gaze snapped to him without there being any sign that the woman who owned it had any praise waiting for
In his peripheral vision John saw an expression of sudden horror fleet across Sh'lok’s face, wiped away a second later. “Sickbay?” whispered the man whom John knew hated unnecessary repetition more than almost anything.
“Good, because the clock’s ticking. You’ve got a Captain coming back in a very few real-time minutes to a ship where a whole lot’s changed in just a few hours… so you’ve got to get ready to protect yourself.” He would have added
There didn’t seem much point in denying it. John heaved a sigh. “Logic…” he said. “Can’t fight that, I suppose.”
John thought. And all this tucked away within the depths of a mind that lived so carefully hidden inside the outward semblance of ignoring one’s body as nothing but a means of transport.
But Lestrade just stood there frozen, his hands still on instruments he was forgetting how to use. Below him, on the other side of the screen, Sh’lok lay still, waiting for breath, waiting for life.
And for the next two hours and more John submerged his Bridge crew (and himself) deep in the most banal side of a starship’s business—protocol and en-route provisioning and pre-mission prep—while Sh’lok alternated working on some fascinating but inexplicable project involving antimatter mix equations and making occasional dry and cutting comments from the sidelines.
Mrs. Hudson slipped forward to make sure Anderson was really out, quickly confiscating the knife and chucking it away. She turned to John. “John, come
The air nearby hummed and sparkled, and Lestrade appeared with a first aid kit slung over his shoulder. He looked around him with a faintly aggrieved expression. “You two,” he said, “don’t you
He came to a point where he could walk no more, because the nodules were piled up too high. Others, though, he could see, had been here before him: and they
Cautiously John lifted it up, looked it over. Bradstreet joined him to examine the helmet where it now hung above head-height over the console, as John let go of it and turned to Kara. “How does it work? Show us.”
But there was time for that; all the time in the worlds, as long as the man beside him was with him in that life, as in this one. Any other option was simply impossible… and the impossible, so he’d been told, had been eliminated.
Eventually the pain went away, and slowly the world came back: or more specifically, a room now devoid of the women and containing only the
’s long strap between his hands, and this time there was no mistaking what it was going to be used for as his eyes flicked toward John’s throat. At that glance John’s heart simply went sick inside him, for there was no Sh’lok left there at all. And with that glance—like so much polished metal, some machine’s unmoved look—any hope that there might be some last-ditch, unexpected way out of this situation started leaking out of John like the blood trickling down his chest. Even if there’d been time for last words, for goodbyes, there was no one there to say goodbye to.
Sh’lok nodded, somber. “I heard you describe the connection to Lestrade,” he said. “It’s closer than you knew. S’kroft and I are not brothers in the conventional sense; my birth was too engineered a thing. But we
John got up on his knees and leaned down to that head as if drawn by a magnet, the desire and heat fairly boiling up in him at Sh’lok’s dark spicy scent, stronger there than anywhere else on him and so heady. He strongly suspected that there was something else going on as well, and the mere suspicion immediately provided him via the mindmeld with evidence that he was right. From the distant depths to which matters of workaday science had temporarily been consigned, John caught a faint echo of data about the ways in which a Vulcan mate’s body chemistry began altering itself during
He seated himself. “It has begun,” S’kroft said as the executioner stepped back out of the way, leaving John and Lestrade staring at each other. “Let no one interfere.”
They went over to the diagnostic bed where she lay. Clara was pale and her face was wet with sweat, her long dark hair damp with it at the roots. Her head was restlessly tossing from side to side on the bed’s pillow, and she was gasping as if every breath cost her an effort, whimpering with pain.
Sh’lok came out of his quarters with the 3D chess set’s boards folded down and tucked under one arm, and in his hand an intricately carved and gleaming oval box for the pieces, made of what looked like some reddish wood. “Sh’lok, that’s beautiful,” John said, reaching out for it as the door to Sh’lok’s quarters shut behind him and they began to stroll down the corridor. “Is it Vulcan?”
Bradstreet bent over the hooded viewer for some moments, then shook his head. “No sign of organised civilisation, Captain. Small scattered primitive settlements of humanoids picked up, but without any evidence of clustering. Technology possibly Old Stone Age, by Earth reckoning. Use of fire and basic carved or knapped tools, but beyond that…”
At the helm console, Dimmock was bent over it with that dark intense stare that he often got when something had him completely engaged. “Helm?” John said.
“Yet you must,” John said. “You have done Sh’lok a terrible wrong. You have stolen something to which you have no right:
Sh’lok’s reaction to this was one that worried John more than the previous perplexity; Sh’lok was starting to look
remarked some observing part of his mind, dispassionate as Sh’lok in one of his more analytical modes.
Lestrade frowned back, but there was no anger in it—or if there was, it wasn’t at John. “There’s a growing imbalance in Sh’lok’s bodily functions,” Lestrade said, “as if in our bodies huge amounts of adrenalin were constantly being pumped into our bloodstreams. Now, I can't track down the cause in my biocomps. And Sh’lok won't tell me what it is. But if it isn't stopped somehow, the physical and emotional pressures will simply kill him. Stroke, most likely. Massive heart attack. Major organ damage. Possibly all three at once—” He shook his head. “I can prevent a lot of things, John, and cure a fair number. Even the occasional rainy day. But this is a whole bloody hurricane we’re talking about. And within a matter of days
Sh’lok turned and glanced at John. “Commander Giotto,” John said to the tall greying security chief, “take your detail and go directly to the twenty-third level. Start your search there.”
The necessary lubricant was under John’s pillow, because he’d been needing to have it to hand a lot more than usual lately. John lay back for a long sweet while with one of his Vulcan’s arms wrapped around him, hand cupping his head and gently massaging his neck, while the long clever fingers of Sh’lok’s other hand slowly broached him. First just one sliding in and out, in and out, again and again; then the second, deeply stroking, methodically scissoring in company with the first… incessant, inexorable, indescribably good. John writhed and moaned and pushed himself against the slow and exquisite opening, feeling Sh’lok feeling his fingers stroking inside John’s heat and tightness as it relaxed and softened, gripping Sh’lok’s fingers with himself again and again as arousal made him spasm against them, realising how incredibly turned on Sh’lok was getting at the thought of what was to come—
She regarded the blank screen. “But how many enemies have you simply wiped out of existence by the touch of a button?” Mary said. “Fifty? A hundred? Simply disappearing, with no one near, no hand on the knife or the phaser…
John crawled across to the control, clutched it. It seemed to take ages, but he managed to roll himself over on one side through the horrible tetany of pain that was assailing him, and found the control that he wanted, and turned it.
Across from him John felt that small smile starting, and opened his eyes to see it, because it was always worth seeing—the expression that no one else on this ship, no one else in this Galaxy, or any other, got to see. John smiled back at it… because it was impossible not to… and then yawned: he couldn’t help it. “What time’s it?”
“Ah, yes,” Sh'lok said, looking up at the architecture in a manner that was both proprietary and a touch smug.. “My mother, you see, she was a fan of Earth’s literature of previous centuries, and she—”
John thought, and held the phaser’s beam on his target at maximum intensity until, almost reluctantly, it let loose its hold on the lintel and fell to the ground. In the seconds that followed, the rest of the creatures that had been roosting in the shadowy space detached themselves and flew away.
“I shall not waste time with you,” Sh’lok said. “You’re too determined, too resolute once you've made up your mind. But Doctor Lestrade has a plenitude of human weaknesses—sentimental, soft. You may not tell me what I want to know, but
He was back in the lab again, hanging over Lestrade’s shoulder this time as they stared at the contained creature. Lestrade was unusually frustrated, even for him. “I’m sorry, Captain! I've tried everything I can. Variant radiation, intense heat, even as great as nine thousand degrees—”
Anderson, normally fairly restrained about being asked to make any judgment call whatsoever, was standing there wide-eyed. “Witnessed,” he said.
Because if there was anything Captain John H. Watson excelled at (he thought as Sh’lok grabbed the shaft of the
Dimmock touched a control. On the screen, the sparse stars of the sector streamed by more quickly as
with his name. It was genuinely awesome. Even with all the crap they’d gone through today, all John could do was grin.
His First Officer’s not-very-subdued arrogance as regarded Lestrade’s talents was certainly in place, which left John feeling reassured as to how Sh’lok was holding up. “He’s a healer; let him heal. Mr. Sh’lok, you must re-establish communications with the Horta.” He looked over at the creature, which hadn’t moved since its brief venture into lithography, and once again seemed to be simply waiting. “I want to know why it suddenly took to murder.”
“All the ‘fingerprint’ Cepheids and wayfinder variables are in the right place,” Hudders said, beginning to pace in front of John’s, or at least the Captain’s, desk. “In fact, everything is except
John and Lestrade exchanged a bemused look. John, feeling his being lightened all over again—and in a way he’d thought would never happen—suddenly found it impossible to resist the urge to tweak his First Officer’s metaphorical tail a bit.
He pushed back from the table, stood up and started to pace. “In any case, there is a pressing need for the evidence to be found and secured as quickly as possible, before the hatching begins.”
Sh’lok gave him a dark but thoughtful look. “By my position here,” he said, “you know me to be complicit in the work of an Empire that has spread rapine and genocide across all this part of the galaxy, restricted only by the limitations of warp speed and finite matériel. How can I
John pulled Sh’lok’s head close to his again and buried his face in the softness, in which Sh’lok’s warm scent clung.
John gestured to his people and led them off past the corner building, toward another plaza. This too, when they came into it, was empty. John shook his head as he gazed around him. “There are almost a million inhabitants of Deneva,” he said. “More than a hundred thousand in this city alone! Where
For long moments, unmoving, they looked at each other—assuming the term “looked” had any meaning in this context. John stood there with his phaser raised, ready to act, his blood singing with the danger of the moment. The creature meanwhile held its ground, neither advancing or retreating, as if sizing him up—
“So,” John said. “Shortly I’m going to have to get out of here and get back to my people so we can all get ourselves the hell home.”
They chose up pieces and began. Sh’lok got white, as he always did when John held the pieces hidden in his fists for the choosing.
Apparently having the giver-of-pain device used on them, probably repeatedly, had rendered the Morg regrettably unclear on how many other less technical ways there were to incapacitate someone. Their hand-to-hand technique was about as highly developed as the armed technique of the Morgs outside had been: there was a lot of grabbing and shoving and throwing around, but not much else.
side. He also knew that his true best case was within him right this moment, making himself John’s… and more than anything, he wanted to feel
When Sh’lok spoke again his voice was back under control again, but there was a different edge on it now: the subdued but unmistakably present annoyance of an officer who was doing his job of advising his Captain, and felt his advice was being ignored. “I remind you, it's a proven killer. I'm on my way. Sh’lok out.”
dropped out of warp just inside Vulcan’s orbit, and John and Lestrade and Sh’lok stepped into a turbolift together.
Dimmock sagged and slid down the wall and collapsed to the floor, gasping in agony. And all John could do for the moment—a moment that felt like eternity—was stand there and think:
It was also the kind of sentiment (if Sh’lok had gone in for such things) that he would have kept strictly to himself, for the John Watson who had beamed down to Halka V from
The list of actions that John would not tolerate from his crew under any circumstances was fairly short. Pretty much at the top of its rules-of-conduct section were the routinely intertwined behaviours of disrespect and insubordination. John had seen commanders of other vessels who’d nod and wink at either or both except under extreme circumstances—sometimes under the guise of being friendly with their crews, sometimes because they hated the stress of being seen as bad guys. But in John’s opinion both sets of behaviour always led to trouble sooner or later if not dealt with immediately and directly… and doubly so if the display had happened in front of other people. Any of his crew who snapped at a superior officer in public would quickly find themselves dealing with a very cranky Captain.
He threw a few controls on the containment module’s control panel, throwing a tomographic image of the thing up on a nearby screen. “Interesting, gentlemen,” he said. “A one-celled creature resembling, more than anything else, a huge, individual brain cell.”
“Chief Engineer Vanderberg is standing by on channel one,” Sh’lok said, for all the world as if he hadn’t noticed John’s scrutiny.
“Yes,” Sh'lok said. “I’d set certain safeguards in place of late to keep this area secure. Around you, you see the, ah… the way I themed the space to remind myself at a glimpse what it was for. But nothing I could have done would have prepared my interior economy for what followed when Kara boarded the
Sh’lok shrugged, folding the flannel neatly and dropping it over the side of the bed. “Meretricious,” he said. “Bridge surveillance video is always available shipwide to the First Officer. Naturally it’s merely good practice to review it at intervals to make sure one’s own data is complete…”
“I should always wish to be where I was required,” Sh’lok said, very low, and made no move to break that gaze. “It seems logical.”
“Captain,” Lestrade said more gently, “I understand your concern. Your affection for Sh’lok, the fact that your niece is the last survivor of your sister's family—”
Yet even through his eagerness John caught that continuing slight sense of uncertainty, as if Sh’lok wasn’t entirely sure how to proceed.
Vulcan, who bore some of this scent with him, wound into his genes and his pheromones. Somewhere over the horizon of this arid, empty, gorgeously desolate landscape was the Place of Marriage and Challenge, where for the two of them everything had changed.
That glint in T’Eyreen’s eye had started to acquire an annoyed look, as if somehow Sh’lok had been and done all this on purpose to spite her. “Yet by the laws of our people, I could only divorce you by the
being beaten to a pulp on the chessboard. As a result John had sighed, resigned Black’s game, and asked the Officer’s Mess steward to bring him a whiskey and a padd for notes, because you never knew when some of this stuff might come in handy.
Lestrade was relieved when they finally got the hell out of his way. It was always a nuisance trying to deal with a relatively acute procedure when nonmedical people were hanging about and fussing.
About Dr. Hooper it had repeatedly been whispered, usually with overtones of slight pity, that since
The tightness of her eyes relaxed just a little. “This has been a better life for me than the, the last one,” she said, sounding grim. “I’ve been a captain's woman and I like it. I’ll be one again if I have to go through every officer in the fleet.”
There was the slightest pause, as if Sh’lok had been hoping for a change of heart. “Very well, sir,” he said then.
completed itself without adverse incident—excepting of course the incident at its very core for which Sh’lok had no desire whatsoever, but which could not be avoided—John would shortly begin the process of paying a high price for the life he would have saved.
The game continued. The Mess emptied out around them, people heading off for end-of-shift rest or to other business, until the two of them were alone. The lights around them, in obedience to the ship’s programmed-in diurnal rhythms, dimmed down by imperceptible degrees until the only bright light in the place was focused on the chessboard.
“And to anyone accompanying me, John,” Sh’lok said. “As the murderer would surely realise that we would both need to be silenced.”
Sh’lok looked at John with undisguised sorrow. “I therefore request permission to beam down to the planet's surface,” he said. “I also suggest that your niece accompany me. “
bolts—one that drilled a handspan-wide hole in the window of Vanderberg’s office, and a second, not even an eyeblink later, from a phaser that while the first bolt was still firing was already being snapped down to stun.
Apparently satisfied with his tricorder, Sh’lok was now checking his phaser, but he paused to glance up at the viewscreen, then shook his head. “Nothing more recent than a microflare at the beginning of the present geological period, seven hundred thousand years ago, and a polar shift some two hundred fifty thousand years later, going by the crustal record.”
“And what happened to the ‘not hurting anyone’ policy?” John said, starting to get furious all over again.
“Captain!” Mrs. Hudson said softly. “There’s someone, or something, out there in the rocks. Five of them. Humanoid. Large.”
It was a hunch. But a hunch was not a guess. It was something deeper, John had always felt sure, and less random.
“Bright light,” John said. “Solar spectrum.” He sighed. “There’s been a change of plans, though. We don’t need the full spectrum. It turns out ultraviolet’s enough.”
“Yes,” Sh’lok said after a moment. “That’s correct…” he said as Lestrade apparently completed one connection; and then, with the next, “One thing at a time...”
Sh’lok shook his head. “I don't know, Captain.” Though the pain of moments before pain was still haunting his gaze, that gleam of interest, even excitement, was back. “But it evidently gained an immediate knowledge of us from its empathy with me. And in my brief contact with the creature's mind, I discovered it is a highly intelligent, extremely sophisticated being. In great pain, of course, because of its wound—but not reacting at all like a wounded animal. It calls itself a Horta.”
John swallowed. The hair rose on the back of his neck as the air around him seemed to start going thick with some sort of tension for which there was no merely physical cause. Sh’lok’s shoulders hunched a bit as if he felt that tension too, as if he was at the core of it.
“Captain,” Sh’lok said through the communicator, “there is a definite pleasurable experience connected with the hearing of your voice.”
kind of look John understood well enough, from long experience. “For the better, I hope,” John murmured.
John had had time to consult one of the tricorders’ chronometers again. “Eighteen hours and twelve minutes.”
And that of course instantly made it worse. The thought of Harry and Clara living under siege with Rosie, possibly for months, fugitives in their own world, hiding and trying desperately to protect themselves and each other… And then to have been attacked and their lives destroyed when they were just hours away from possible safety.
He drew Sh’lok’s face close again and teased his Vulcan’s lips with his own until Sh’lok was moaning for more, opening for him, desperate. Then John slid in and once more found Sh’lok’s tongue and had his way with it, stroking, sucking… while doing his best to imagine, in exquisite clarity, what he planned to do to Sh’lok next. It took no more than a minute or two of this before Sh’lok was on his back again, legs spread, writhing, gasping, his cock’s head bobbing upward from the traces of wetness it had left on his belly.
“The men seem to be having have some difficulties as well,” John said. “Bones, that’s something you want to look at.”
It was a far more profound shock than anything that had happened at sigma Draconis. “Oh, that is…” John actually had to stop and gasp for breath. “Fantastic!”
Slowly John stepped over to stand across the doorway from him. “Would it help if I told you that I'll treat this as totally confidential?”
, forcing them all into this untenable, intolerable situation, Sh’lok’s pride had once more forced him to believe that he would nonetheless now be able to get through the
Maybe a quarter-hour later the group headed for the planet had assembled in the Transporter room: John, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, the shift Security chief Mr. Lanier, and Ensign Zahra. “Set your phasers on stun,” John said to the group, while Transporter Chief Anderson set up the console for their destination. “We're going to beam directly into the capital city. Alert status.”
Dimmock touched controls on the helm console. The forward viewscreen came alive with a faint granular-looking line of light arrowing away ahead of them. It did indeed look particulate, clumpy in places, probably from where the structure of local space intersected unevenly with the output of decaying icons from the vessel they pursued.
Lestrade looked from John to Sh’lok, and gradually his face fell. “Unfortunately, you’re both right,” he muttered. “All right, Mr. Sh’lok…”
He dismissed the issue and turned his attention back to Lestrade. “Furthermore, I shall order Mrs. Hudson to take immediate command of this vessel.”
And John started down the left-hand tunnel. As he went he noted without comment the Vulcan’s briefly raised eyebrow, and walked steadily on as if he couldn’t hear that Sh’lok, watching him, didn’t move until John’s tunnel curved enough that he could no longer be seen.
Yet also Sh’lok had said that this wasn’t an issue that would ever have been discussed with anyone else not intimate with his home culture. How many Vulcans in Starfleet simply made sure they had leave well before whenever this was scheduled to happen? And then they went off and did whatever was necessary—
Off to John’s left, another tunnel debouched into the little cavern. Experimentally, again, he made a move toward it. This time the creature moved immediately, matching his sideways move as if to prevent him leaving.
is the kind of thing you’re picking up from the ship’s theatrical group, I want more people enrolled…”
“But the ancient drives are too strong,” Sh’lok said, shaking his head slightly, as if at his own obtuseness. “Eventually, they catch up with us, and we are driven by forces we cannot control… to return home, and take a mate.” His voice dropped to the point where it almost couldn’t be heard. “…Or die.”
“Yes, sir.” This Dimmock, a cowed-looking Dimmock that John found hard to understand, because he was normally a most assertive and self-assured young officer, hurriedly bent over the controls and started flipping switches as if working very hard to conceal something. The Sh’lok who had been standing next to him now came out from behind the console and took a step toward John, then stood waiting as a subordinate might, awaiting a response. Yet there was nothing subordinate about the gaze that rested on John now. Those silver eyes were practically boring into him as if he was already aware that John was concealing something from him. “Status of mission, Captain?” this Sh’lok said.
John put up an eyebrow, and Sh’lok smiled at his own gesture turned back on him. “Don’t tell me,” John said. “It’s complicated.”
Sh’lok turned without further comment and went back to the Transporter console, where Dimmock was still resetting controls. There the Vulcan flicked the comms switch. “Mr. Anderson,” he said, “you will programme phaser barrage on Halkan cities.”
”Captain, I accept on your word that I did it,” Sh’lok said, “but I do not know why, nor do I r-remember doing it.”
John had just closed his communicator and was putting it away when the bedroom door hissed softly and Mary slipped out. That was the only thing about her re-entry that could be considered in any way subtle or demure. She was wearing a boldly coloured, gauzy, low-cut full-body confection in soft stripes and chevrons of emerald, turquoise, cobalt and magenta, and the chevrons (when the draping of the garment moved to display them) pointed rather emphatically to a specific area below her waist. It occurred to John that it might as well have had the words GET IT HERE emblazoned across it. He immediately (if irrationally) felt both embarrassed and incredibly sorry for her, if this was the kind of performance she had to go through to get this universe’s John Watson to take any notice.
r, John. By our actions of recent hours it would seem we’ve succeeded in significantly reconfiguring the process in your favour. And while the hormonal effects last, as it is for me, so it is for you.”
Please note that with this chapter the episode's rating jumps to Explicit. (In fact, the whole series may do that, even though every other chapter besides this one is rated PG-13 at worst.) Please check the tags.
And right now he so felt for her—as out of her depth, for the moment, as he was—that John gave in to the impulse to let her have that.
“Almost certainly he knows,” Sh’lok said. “He will doubtless have deduced it. And should he desire confirmation, there is very little of any importance happening on Vulcan, or near it, that he does
So matters unfolded as they usually did. People nodded at him as he entered, no more: and as he paused by the center seat, watching the stars pour past on the viewscreen, Rand came over from her station and passed Watson the padd with the last shift’s handoff notes from each major department. He stood there a moment more, scanning down them, seeing that nothing urgent leapt out to be noticed: signed off on them with the padd’s stylus and handed it back to Rand. And then, and not a moment sooner, the baritone voice from behind him said, “Good morning, Captain.”
“When you came to my ship,” John said to her, “you plainly had the necessary surgical knowledge to operate on Sh’lok. Yet when we came here, you didn't.”
that experiment failed turned out to be vital in solving the situation at Vicus Prime, so we may as well let Mr. Sh’lok off the hook for that one. Let’s just say he got carried away in the heat of the moment.” The joke was hardly a new one now. Endothermy/exothermy issues had been at the heart of the Vicines’ territorial rivalries with their in-system neighbors, and the solution that Sh’lok’s indefatigable experimentation had made possible had caused another commendation from Starfleet, their third since leaving Earth orbit. With those kinds of results ongoing, John was privately quite content to let things keep going just the way they were.
Sh’lok’s eyes widened again, and he took a long gasp of breath. He didn’t let go: but he held still.
It took the three of them some moments to struggle to their feet again, John making sure he had hold of that control when he did. He found himself staggering a bit when he was up, and had to concentrate for some moments on rediscovering his sense of balance. When he had leisure to move on from that, John realised that Kara was holding a desperate but presently rather one-sided conversation with the uninhabited body restraining her. “We will die!” she was saying. “You must not take the Controller away. We will all
But they had other problems to deal with first, and the most important one was standing near him in an olive-green coverall, seemingly staring into space. The dimness of the cavern-room was the most temporary kind of excuse not to look into those silver-green eyes and see no one there.
Everything went still and quiet—everything except Lestrade, who immediately left the sidelines and marched out to plant himself in front of S’kroft, his posture eloquent of pugnacious outrage. John managed to get up to his knees in the quiet moment, not quite daring to look away from Sh’lok but at the same time vaguely terrified by the prospect of whatever Lestrade might be about to do to relations between the Federation and Vulcan.
crewmen stepped back a little to let him and Sh’lok past, but for John there was no missing the fact that they were all looking at the Vulcan with so similar an expression: horror, pity, pain.
The sweat had broken out on John in a way that had nothing to do with the heat… though that was still bad enough. And the narrow-eyed, bloodthirsty glare that Sh’lok was leveling at him was doing sod all for John’s composure.
he thought, regarding the various Vulcans who stood around them. There were only the men holding the bell-frames, the ones with the wrapped bundles, the men who’d carried S’kroft’s chair in—and the red-haired woman, whose cold gaze was fastened on Sh’lok where he stood leaning sideways against one of those far pillars. The look in his eyes had gone distant, and his hands were clasped together before his face, the fingers interlaced.
Lestrade followed him, paused beside him. When he spoke, he sounded hesitant. “John,” he said at last. “Your sister Harry and her family—aren’t
“She couldn’t, John,” Lestrade said from behind him. He was scrutinising his tricorder again and shaking his head at whatever he was seeing on its readouts. “Whatever’s been done to her neural chemistry is interfering
John tensed at that. Cultural differences or not, he knew an executioner when he saw one. He had no idea what the man might be here for, but it was safe to say he didn’t care for the implications. Under the circumstances he didn’t really waste time looking over the last couple of men in the party, who carried wrapped bundles that John was beginning to doubt were wedding presents.
John winced, both at the board and the Morg/Eymorg situation. “Might have been kinder if the Controller before had just killed them,” he murmured. “I mean, yeah, that’s a terrible thing to say. But God, Sh’lok, how many generations of those poor people had to suffer through what the new one did to them…?”
expression. “I do not threaten, Captain. I merely state facts. I have found you to be an excellent officer. Our missions together have been both successful and profitable. However, I shall not permit your aberrations to jeopardise my position.”
For a few moments more the tableau held. Then, slowly, the creature shuffled back into its original position. While it moved, John covered it with his phaser. With his free hand, meanwhile, when the creature was settled again, he gestured his First Officer closer. “Come on over, Mr. Sh’lok.”
“No, it’s all right, I want a quick look around outside first,” John said. “Just leave me outside the building near the office. There’s a window there that looks out on the facility…”
what happened here. If I strip the bed it’ll just make it that much more certain! And about ten minutes later everyone else on the ship will—”
He punched the button and straightened up. “Have to admit,” he said, “that this… flexibility… comes as kind of a surprise from S’kroft, after the way he was handling things down there. Kind of hard-edged.”
For an eternal-seeming second John and Sh’lok both stood frozen, staring at the new arrival. It was fringy around the edges and quite big enough, maybe a meter and a half across. If John had previously given any thought to what colour the Cave Monster might be, his ideas would probably have had something to do with the dark blue-shaded stone all around them. But the Cave Monster apparently preferred the other end of the spectrum. It was lumpily adorned in shades of red and yellow as bright as lava, the uneven veins of texture and colour irregularly broken by darker, pulsing patches that glittered even in this dimness.
“Anyway, you have things to do now,” John said. “Vital things that don’t leave you the leisure to be dead. The most immediate of them, at the moment, being working out how to deal with another John Watson and another Starfleet… because both will be on your case within minutes. You’ve got things to do once you deal with them, so in the short term you’ve got a duty to keep yourself safe.”
Bradstreet looked at him with interest. “If it’ll trap the humanoids for the Others, Captain, won't it trap us, too?”
She sat down on a nearby low divan and looked up at him as if the gentle flattery had thrown her completely off her stride. “I remember when you used to talk that way,” she said.
The lift stopped, and its doors opened. Sh’lok turned his head to look at the Doctor. “I also request that Lestrade accompany me.”
John found that he was shaking. There was no way he could react any other way while watching his friend crouched down on the cold stone and battling for control, that proud, near-incorrigible rationality utterly derailed by grief and fury—by (whisper it) naked emotion. John licked his lips, swallowed, concentrated on keeping himself ready and in order.
Instantly a metal shutter slammed down along that thin line John had spotted, sealing the “cavern” entrance, and the whole room dropped at great speed. Lestrade staggered. When he’s recovered a little, he muttered, “Call Hudders and tell her to send my stomach down…”
She gave him a sympathetic look and turned her attention to her tricorder, turning in a careful circle and keeping an eye on the readouts. “Scattered,” she said. “Widely spaced. Humanoid, all right. On the large side.”
Anderson and the other two henchmen stared in astonishment at where the vanished man had been. John sucked in a breath of surprise, glancing upward as if it was possible to meet the eyes of the woman he was sure was in his quarters right now, watching this scene unfold on the little screen hidden behind the sliding panel, adjusting a control.
In the turbolift on the way up to the Bridge, Sally allowed herself only one concession to her unease about the situation: she slipped that little hip-worn knife out of its sheath and tested the edge.
“Some one of these days, Mr. Sh’lok, I’ll show you how it’s done... once you’re back in my good books.”
Sh’lok swung again, but this time John was ready for it, dancing back out of reach and then circling in and around, half-crouched as Sh’lok was, his reflexes and training taking over again.
John sighed. “Forty-eight hours is better than nothing. Gather what you need and beam down here with it. Top priority.”
S’kroft regarded John with what looked like mild surprise as he walked past him to his chair. “This combat is to the death.”
A simple screen had been erected that obscured the top of Sh’lok’s head from view, and behind which Lestrade was already at work. He accepted the instruments from John with a nod but otherwise didn’t stop what he was doing.
John had to stop and think about that. Then he smiled to himself, though there was a rueful edge to it.
“Better,” John said, and shook the dragon-shape off himself. He pulled his uniform tunic down (somehow it always rode up after one of these transformations, which for some reason unfailingly reduced his own Sh’lok to helpless merriment) and clambered up a small hill of gold coin to join the other man.
And though as John’s sleep deepened he inevitably let go of the idea, the smile—now quite comfortable right where it was—remained.
was on her way, the murderer would have been absolutely delighted at the prospect; for if we performed as expected,
Greg froze. The ticking clock was on his mind, and also the need not to say or reveal anything to this man that would make it impossible for them all to get home.
Sh’lok’s face suddenly went unexpectedly gentle. He reached out a hand to John and stroked his hair. “My John,” he said, almost whispering. “Thank you for doing it out loud. For letting me know that it was all right to find someone amazing… fantastic. Remarkable. And for demonstrating that… by making me yours.”
John thought. There was no telling: Vulcan design aesthetics weren’t exactly something he’d ever studied in depth.
John looked up in absolute wonder, shaking his head, unable to keep himself from grinning. “That,” he said, “is just
John had initially called the mind meld, accurately enough; and Sh’lok had plainly been in pain from it at first. But that had partly been due to the Horta’s pain, John thought, first the physical pain and then the emotional—and when those had both been at least somewhat assuaged, Sh’lok’s whole mien had brightened. Early that morning, when recording the first hatchling births, he had been like a completely different man.
indeed eat the eggshells, there is a good chance they will not stop with their own. Evidence of the murderer’s identity could be ingested and destroyed by them within hours unless action is taken. I’ve tagged the locations of all the murders, and there are a number of them sufficiently undisturbed that the odds are better than even that  identifying traces of the murderer can be found.”
The other Sh’lok’s shock was washed away in the next second by fascination, by utter wonder. John laid it all out for him, trying not so much to limit the flow of memories as to curate them… while being astonished moment by moment at the discovery of how many of
John said, panting, rocking himself against Sh’lok’s body the better to feel who was inside him, from both sides.
had happened. And while we play, we’ll sit there discussing, I don’t know, duty rosters or something.”
The center seat felt right, now, when John sat down in it again, and not as if a forgetful casual turn would show him forever after a Science console devoid of the man who should be standing there. A moment later Lestrade stepped down beside the seat and spent a moment or so covertly gazing at the back of Sh’lok’s head. “Unusual eye arrangement,” he muttered. “I might've known he'd turn up with something like that.”
He caught the slap halfway and just held her still. Mary refused to give him the satisfaction of a struggle, just glared at him. After a second or so John let go of her hands and took her by the shoulders, shook her a little. “I simply meant that you could be
The creature rustled a little in place but didn’t move away, and settled again after a moment.  With an expression of intense concentration Sh’lok moved a little closer, those big long-fingered hands clasping, working against one another for a moment, then spreading a little apart in the air like sensors through which he would receive some kind of data.
“Yes, I know,” John said, feeling a bit sick as he considered the whole ugly situation. “You won’t extrapolate, which makes sense.”
Out John went, then, heading for the Transporter room. And as he went down the corridor, if he felt an itching between his shoulderblades as if he was still somehow being watched, he dismissed it. He had much more important things to be thinking about.
And find a way to do it that won’t get poor Dimmock blamed, because to keep what you’re doing on the quiet, you need his good will. You need to hire him on as a henchman of yours in a hurry. Get on his good side. Bribe him, suborn him, promote him, do whatever you have to to make him your man, and do it fast. Specifically, find a way to protect him from the Captain. Because your Watson sounds like the kind to kill Dimmock for the embarrassment of what’ll have happened to him on
Sh’lok swallowed, looked down. “For Vulcans,” he said, and stopped and swallowed again. “Where techniques like the mindmeld are possible—indeed are sunk deep in the culture—for us, touch, specifically touch initiated with the hands or sustained by them, is very much equated with intimacy, and—”
John could think of nothing to do but turn to Sh’lok and produce an expression suggesting he didn’t have the slightest idea what Lestrade was talking about. Sh’lok matched it.
Sh’lok nodded. “And although it is not physically connected to the other cells, it is nevertheless part of the whole creature—guided by the whole, drawing its strength from the whole. Which possibly accounts for its unusual resistance to our phaser weapons.”
Sh’lok made a small resigned grimace. “It is proving to be an inconvenience…” he said, as dry as if he was discussing finding a pebble in his boot, “but it is manageable.” He twitched, swallowed. “And the creature, with all of its hundreds of thousands of parts, even now is pressuring me—”
.” For a moment he was staggered as the question struck him as shockingly as a blow across the face:
He looked from one to the other of them. Sh’lok stood there very still for a moment, his face immobile. Then John saw that first hint of that familiar gleam come into his eye, the sign of Sh’lok worrying at an answer for a weak spot and not immediately finding one. “A possibility,” he murmured.
At last S’kroft withdrew and went through the formalities of greeting with the Captain and the Doctor, and bade the ceremony go forward. Sh’lok made his way to the gong for the final stroke that would announce to any challenger that they had lost their chance, and that the marriage was complete all but for the final act that would release him from the intolerable hormonal bondage that had held him captive for days—
The kissing was if possible sweeter now than the first time, made so by the passing awkwardness; and possibly also helped by the relief at having had such a moment and gotten through it. The quality of the kisses had changed too; it was less about expertise, more about relaxing into the sensation. Maybe Sh’lok had had a little more time to internalise what he’d picked up from John, and maybe John was a little better at relaxing into it.
John shook his head. “Bones,” he said, “no. No. There’s far, far more than two lives at stake here.” His stomach had been tying itself in knots for some time now as the enormity of the situation sank in. “I cannot let this infestation spread beyond this colony. If we cannot find a solution… my command responsibilities will require me to
Bradstreet touched a couple of controls on the Helm console and then looked over his shoulder at John. “We'll have to head directly there at, ah—warp six, sir. Insufficient time to stop off at Vulcan.”
“Why thank you, Mr. Sh’lok,” John said. “I’ll clear that idea with Janus VI and log it for implementation. Once that’s done, though, I won’t linger. So signal me when you’re ready.”
Sh’lok straightened himself. “Yet salutary,” he said. “An early suggestion of a path forward. I discovered how to mirror straight back to them the negative emotions they wished
She sighed and glanced sideways at John again, and the look in her eyes was a combination of mischief and sheer cold deadliness that made him hold himself absolutely deadpan. But after a moment she turned away once more, shrugged, sipped at her drink. “Doesn’t matter,” Mary said. “Much longer and people might’ve started to
John had all he could do to keep himself from physically flinching. He’d heard that voice in recorded messages before, laughing, scolding, casual, warm. But never terrified and desperate like this, and his heart seized at the sound. “I don't have much time—they’ll know! Please!
But also he was most curious to see what kind of reaction would be forthcoming when he once more spoke forthrightly to this man of the danger he was in. Had it been the John Watson who’d earlier beamed down to Halka V, Sh’lok would have known what response to expect — for that man was a creature compact almost entirely of rage, greed, carefully-concealed fear, a certain low cunning, and (to Sh’lok’s mind) fits of near-comical lust… along with the usual Imperially-inculcated bigotry and hatred of competitor species.
The snarl started to shade up into a roar. But John saw something a bit uncertain stirring in the pale blue eyes.
and fell away aft in a leisurely glide. Away in the endless distance, in what appeared right now as a broad diagonal, upper left to lower right, the sideways-seen disc of the Galaxy glowed in a faint firefly shimmer against the unending dark.
He sighed, and as they went along John started to talk Sh’lok through the tangled procedural pathway required to keep Mrs. Hudson’s bureaucratic side on an even keel. Unfortunately as he took Sh’lok through the weary details of what
John ran to him, charging up the slope of that dune and not stopping, though the jewels rolled like marbles under his tread and the gold and silver coins shifted and skidded out from under his feet like sliding scree.
John turned away and began walking again, rubbing briefly at that sore lip where he’d been punched. After a moment he paused again, turning to the Vulcan. “Sh’lok,” he said. “Do you think we should destroy the Halkans?”
“He described it to me as meaning ‘marriage or challenge,’” John said. “In the distant past, Vulcans killed to win their mates.”
“Captain,” Sh’lok said, “may I inquire if you intend to persist in your unusual course of action regarding the Halkans?”
“On the contrary,” Sh’lok says calmly, “it’s already proven. Before you followed me here I had already obtained evidence from four different sites that conclusively proves you brought Horta eggs to those sites and smashed them, causing the mother Horta to kill the fellow miners you sent to investigate those sites with reports of valuable mineral finds. Traces of their communications with you, confirming your multiple uses of that ruse, remained in the station's comm logs. Though you removed the messages themselves, you either lacked the technical expertise to remove the messages' timestamps and routing data, or didn't realize you
“Standard ion type, Captain,” Sh’lok said, “but quite violent—” He paused. In the background, John could hear the sound of his ship being shaken around. “—and unpredictable.”
Mrs. Hudson was riffling through the printouts, reading the spec notations in the corners. “You’re trying to duplicate the effect of being just outside the star’s corona, yes?” she said. “Well, all right, bright light, fine. Ultraviolet, yes—”
First of all... thanks again to the patient readers who have waited five months for this final chapter. You are all stars.
specimen. The hand plant first flailed its bright furry pink self frantically at John on his approach, hissing at him, and then retreated into its pot… most likely having picked up on John’s mood.
He already had reason to strongly suspect what the answer would be by the way she’d been tutting at the thing under her breath when he came in. Now Hudson gave the rig the kind of half-despairing look with which she routinely favored any installation that wasn’t a model of tidiness and good order. “It's a plumber's nightmare, but it'll hold for a bit.”
There was no arguing that point, though John didn’t like it much. “Mr. Sh’lok,” John said. “This situation poses a risk to you.”
“Yes it has,” Vanderberg said. “I don't know what this butchering monster is, but I know what it's doing. Our maintenance engineers were sent down to the drifts to repair the corroded machinery. We found them seared to a crisp.”
“Yes, sir. The Chancellor of the Altairan Planetary Department for Interfederational Affairs has sent three messages already…”
They both sat quiet for a moment, both pretending to look at the chess board. “Was the mother Horta able to identify the person responsible?” John said at last.
“The same,” Lestrade said. “Evidently when the creature attacks, it leaves a stinger much like a bee’s or wasp’s, implanting a fragment of this tissue in the victim's body. It takes over the victim very rapidly, and the entwining is far,
“She is an alien,” Sh’lok said. “The configuration of her brain is different. What you’re contemplating, Doctor, could cause irreparable damage to your human brain.”
Sh’lok would not meet John’s eyes, which was unusual. When he spoke, his voice still had that angry edge to it. “It is undignified,” Sh’lok said, “for a woman to play servant to a man who is not hers. I did not r—”
There was some side-eyeing among the Bridge crew, which for the moment John ignored. His crew knew that their Captain was by nature inherently sweary, but also that out of courtesy to them he normally restrained himself; and they knew what it meant when the restraint started to slip. In any case, Dimmock was right. The trail ahead of them had petered out in a final splotchy scatter of ionic dribs and drabs.
Mary turned away from him, furious. “On another ship I can hunt fresh game.” The back of his neck prickled a little at the choice of idiom. “I've got my rank—” She stopped, her head snapping around. “Don’t I?”
“The great Teacher of all the ancient knowledge,” she said, wringing her hands as she bumped up into the console behind her and glanced to her left.
most of his brain shouted at him, and John realized after a fraction of a second that that was exactly the way to play it. “Yes,” he said, and turned his head to look at the others. “Dr. Lestrade, you’d better look us over. That was a rough beam-up.”
Sh’lok swallowed at the touch, but didn’t move otherwise. “As long as I want,” he said, “could be quite a long time.”
Even in this situation John had no compunction about teasing his First Officer a little, and using his own contradictions was the best way to do it. “I thought you were the one who wanted it kept alive. Captured, if possible.”
“Mr. Sh’lok,” John said. “I know it's a terrible personal lowering of mental barriers. But if there's a chance…”
Yet the answer, as he slid his gaze toward Sh’lok, was that side-seen glint of eyes again: that faint curl of smile. And all of a sudden John felt the tone of what was passing between them undergo a subtle shift. They were
John pushed himself up enough so that Sh’lok had room to work in front, while nipping in a teasing way at a handy collarbone. He breathed out in relief when his cock was finally free and Sh’lok was pushing his pants down his thighs.
Sh’lok’s only remaining concern was that when the bridal party arrived and brought S’kroft with it, his kinsman’s inevitable examination of Sh’lok’s mind and the status of the mindlock would reveal something of his true attitudes toward the marriage… which S’kroft would inevitably find disgraceful, and probably attempt to use against him. In preparation for this eventuality Sh’lok had taken the precaution, before he and the Captain and the Doctor beamed down, of placing as much of that material as he might in an even more inaccessible part of his mind palace than it normally occupied—walling the whole business up in what would appear to an outsider’s mind to be a simulacrum of Mount Seleya itself. S’kroft, of course, at first touch immediately perceived the mountain, from root to crown, and the ten thousand steps, and understood what they all signified—that any who sought the secrets hidden there would have to fight their way up and fight their way in, and every step of the way would be contested.
“That is, of course, your affair,” Sh’lok said, falling in beside John as John started making his way away from there and further along the corridor. John was aware of his “chief henchman” Farrell coming up behind them from the Agony Booth area, and falling in to walk alongside Sh’lok’s man.
The woman glared at him, then once again made a move to try to escape the room… but a second later Bradstreet was on his feet again and was holding her by the shoulders. “Ensign,” John said under his breath, “if
Day by day this endeavour grew more difficult as the fever raged higher and higher in Sh’lok’s blood, rendering cogent thought impossible for first minutes and then long hours at a time. When he
John could feel his uncertainty again, as if Sh’lok was sure this wasn’t going to be all right for some reason.
The two of them pulled their goggles off, and John went straight back to the cubicle door and pulled it open. Inside, Sh’lok was still leaning back in his chair, his eyes closed.
“Phasers locked on target A, Captain,” Anderson said. John’s eyes went to the main screen on which Halka rotated serenely below them, the violet fire of the its auroral activity writhing in its atmosphere’s upper layers. “Approaching optimum range.”
“Good, that’s good…” John said, and stretched. “Carry on, then.” He glanced around. “Good evening, all.”
“After the day you two’ve had? Bloody hell yes,” Lestrade said. “You do that. And tell 'Doctor' Watson I concur in his diagnosis.” He reached over to the padd, picked it up, studied it. “Yeah,” Lestrade said, “the hormone levels are still fairly high, though nowhere near where they were a couple of days ago. Probably take a couple of days for them to drop back to pre-
“Cancel,” he said, got up out of the chair because he couldn’t just sit there any more. He looked at Bones, bleak. “Now we know.”
And now here Sh’lok was with a weapon that belonged to his own culture, and looking more than merely competent with it… indeed, deadly.
John thought. It was possible, and somehow he wasn’t surprised that people around here might see that as a sign of big trouble coming.
Connected to a higher part of the installation there by a metallic cable or cord, and resting on a softly glowing spherical support faired into the console, was what looked like a transparent helmet studded with smooth and shining metal spikes in an irregular array across its top. “If I may explain, Captain,” Sh’lok said. “She refers to the massive database containing the assembled knowledge of the Builders of this place. I scan it. A most impressive storehouse of data, many millennia old.”
He didn’t let go of her… just laughed under his breath, and smiled an oily superior little smile at her. “Is the Captain here?” he said softly. “Is Sh’lok? When the cat’s away…”
Seconds later they were all knelt together in a ring, facing outward and firing at all the creatures they could see, including the one that had been diving at them. John held his phaser on one of the lintel-bound ones for at least five seconds and was increasingly shocked to see that not only did it
“I am Luma,” she said. “I am Eymorg.” And once again she got that slightly indignant look. “You are not Eymorg, you are not Morg—  What
Sh’lok gazed down for a moment at the silicon nodule on its little stand, and then tilted his head up again, looking off into some distance. “Life as we know it,” he said slowly, “is universally based on some combination of carbon compounds.” He turned away, came back toward John and Lestrade. “But what if life exists based on another element? For instance, silicon.”
Sh’lok was looking at his tricorder with a resurgence of that I’ve-got-a-puzzle expression John had seen earlier on the Bridge. “They're here, Captain. In the buildings.” He glanced around them. “Strangely quiescent...”
Sh’lok threw a look at him that on John’s own Sh’lok would have indicated grave concern. But John picked up a peculiar nuance in his look—one not of any kind of warning, but rather of perplexed observation.
And like a puppet, like a mindless slave, Sh’lok did exactly what the ancient malign roar of instinct ordered. He wore him down, this interloper, relentless, merciless; slashed him, kicked him, smote him to the ground. Even so all the while he kept hearing anguished echoes in his mind, as if from a voice far away, crying
Lestrade grinned and headed off. “Ahead warp factor two,” John said, and turned his attention to the viewscreen full of stars, and the road onward.
you!” (with the reply,  “Why, thank you, Captain Lestrade,” hanging off it all like a punchline). A soft brown agate, when John picked it up and turned it over in his hands, purred like a whole grain store full of tribbles.
Mr. Sh’lok, assuming it hasn’t been destroyed, we’ve got to get that circulating pump back.” He glanced at the Horta. “You must re-establish communications with it… find out where it is.”
John groaned again, both at the realisation that Sh’lok was right—he wasn’t in any significant discomfort despite being incredibly turned on—and at the prospect of what yet lay before them. And because Sh’lok was once more swallowing around him, surrounding him relentlessly with that perfect wet heat…
John turned back to S’kroft, who was watching this with an expression too placidly chilly to be classified as grim. His dark level gaze, coming to rest on John, made it plain that in this case ignorance of custom would not be seen as a valid excuse. “Challenge was given and lawfully accepted,” S’kroft said, and turned away with an air of utter finality.
John took a breath as something occurred to him (and as, a second later, did something else: that in this mode there was no use ever trying to hide the truth, for it became evident to the other the moment it became evident to oneself).
But this was something else. Even before the materialisation completed Sh’lok could see that there was something wrong with the posture of the man in the Captain’s uniform. And then the Transporter lock completed and the materialisation was done, and the man standing on the pad turned his face partially toward Sh’lok.
She crumpled gracefully to the floor. Stepping out cautiously into the hallway and glancing around to see if anyone else was in the neighborhood, John saw nothing—though of course there was no knowing what kind of invisible surveillance they might have running down here. He beckoned the others out.
To do him credit, this Sh’lok did have the grace to look abashed for a second. But then that face sealed over into the old familiar Vulcan deadpan look. “Your alternate universe—”
Within a few moments he returned with a hypospray and a hypodrawer, taking the blood first and setting the drawer and padd aside to do the analysis, then administering the pain relief. “All right,” Lestrade said, leaning on the diagnostic bed next to the one where Sh’lok was swinging down his legs and sitting himself up. “For the next day or two—”
left Earth orbit. “The Transporter effect is merely the creation of equivalent energy states to other atoms elsewhere. The kind of wholesale matter conversion you’re apparently still envisioning despite numerous simple clear explanations would require amounts of energy similar to the output of small stars.“
He stepped down off the dais and moved into position with the others, flipping the communicator open again.
Within the space of the hour Sh’lok had visited the planet’s surface, phasered one of the creatures into submission, and brought it back for study. John had had to flinch a little at his First Officer’s report of the Denevan man who’d attempted to attack him while he was there. “I had expected that there might be some reaction after I reasserted control over myself so quickly,” Sh’lok had said almost casually on his return, “but nothing quite so crude. Possibly the creatures have been thrown somewhat off balance. If true, I would say this is to be welcomed.”
John opened his mouth to say something to Sh’lok and then started chuckling helplessly at himself, because any number of things he might normally have said in such circumstances were here and now rendered completely banal.
John turned away to make sure she didn’t notice him noticing her. There was already enough pain to go around. “Get him back to the Sickbay,” John said to Lestrade. “Use security restraints.”
friend— John began punching Sh’lok in the head and chest and head again as hard as he could, again in some forlorn hope of stunning him or knocking him out, buying just a little more time,
Sickbay was empty of other crewmen when Sh’lok arrived, and no staff were in attendance but Lestrade. Sh’lok understood that this could not have been coincidental, and he was grateful for it… though he worked hard not to let the gratitude show too obviously. There were after all conventions of behaviour to be observed, regardless of any other ways the universe might be rearranging itself.
John merely inclined a little nod of assent at her, suspecting that too much conversation with Mary at this point was likely to be more danger than he had time for right now.
Sh’lok looked grim. “I also have a Captain returning who will immediately report to the Empire on where he’s been and what he’s seen. In turn the Empire will quickly start research on what happened here. Once they analyse the events completely enough to understand the theory behind them, they will look for ways to exploit the effect; weaponise it.” He looked at John with a flicker of distress. “And their first use of it will almost certainly be to return to your… ‘more benign’ world, your Federation… with the intention to dominate it if possible. And destroy it, if not.”
hand. The sight of it trembling, that large strong long-fingered hand—always so graceful and until now always so certain and capable—went through John’s chest as painfully as if he’d been stabbed. “Sh’lok!” he said, and almost without John’s volition his own hand shot out to grasp Sh’lok by the wrist, to hold it, to try to steady the shaking.
Donovan touched several sets of controls, listening intently to her earpiece. “Contact broken, sir.”
John found his way around to the outer door of Vanderberg’s office and stepped inside. The first thing he did was head over to Abernetty and reach down to his throat to check his pulse. “Hmm, not great,” he said under his breath, and straightened up again, pulling out his communicator and flipping it open while looking into Sh’lok’s eyes the entire time. “Watson here. Dr. Lestrade.”
With the image of one of the most beautiful Vulcan women John had ever seen. An oval face, high cheekbones, dark hair swept up high, a red, red mouth, and gray-green eyes that at first glance looked cool and unconcerned— But John had some experience in looking at Vulcans at this point, and thought he saw something, not so much passively concealed, but concealing
As he glanced around the Bridge, John noticed Donovan looking away from her readings and gazing up at the main viewer, her normal state of mild annoyance seemingly muted for the moment to a kind of quizzical bemusement. “What would they
“No, you’d better not,” John said. “Any disturbance might bring down the rest of the wall.” He glanced around to check whether the tunnel he was planning to continue through was blocked at all; it wasn’t. “Besides, it isn't necessary. The chart said the tunnels meet further on.”
John decided to try another tack. “Sorry,” he said much more quietly and affably. “We don't want to hurt anyone.”
“And that ‘somebody,’” Sh’lok said, “repeatedly put other Janus VI personnel in places and situations where they would die—destroyed so completely there was not even any forensic evidence left. So if anyone, early on, had notions about collecting such, they soon abandoned them. Besides, with a ‘murdering monster’ at large in the tunnels, shortly no one was terribly eager to go out there at all. In any case, at the moment I estimate that perhaps thirty of the fifty-four killings were actually murders in which the mother Horta was manipulated into being the deadly weapon. Eventually even
And a second later there was another dragon in that space. It was less long and lanky, more compactly built. Its scales were not red but golden, many edged with black. And nose to tail it was half again the size of the one it faced.
John could barely see, could feel almost nothing of his own body through the anguish, but even though his fingers felt like they belonged to someone else he
John found he was having to command himself not to shout at his CMO as if he was some erring ensign. “You keep saying that! Are you a doctor, or aren't you?”
onto his back. Once there John checked Sh’lok’s carotid pulse. It was weak, fluttery, but present. “Sh’lok!”
The next thing he knew, arms in medical blue scrub sleeves were reaching into John’s field of vision, and a hand with a hypospray in it was pressing the live end of the hypo into Sh’lok’s shoulder. Sh’lok let out a sort of anguished grunt and collapsed.
But none of the planets they’d visited recently were the kinds of places you wanted to go running. And as for shore leave planets… Hollow laughter.
The rushing noise off to one side wasn’t what he’d been listening for, but it instantly got John’s attention. He watched in astonishment as across from him a wide patch of the rough-hewn tunnel wall glowed red-hot, flared for a moment into a perfect circle of brief fierce flame, and then simply vanished away in a cloud of combusting fumes. Through the circular opening, ponderous but unnervingly quick, a rough-domed shape patched in lava-red and fire-yellow and darker stony shades came rumbling forward to pause a couple of meters away from John, shuffling a bit from side to side as if nerving itself to charge.
“You keep forgetting about level one, Captain. I hope to teach you better before five years are out. At any rate, having also bestowed on the Eymorgs both a mythology of the dangerous uncontrollability of the Morgs, and the pain devices with which to hold them in thrall, the Controller then settled back to ignore them as much as possible and enjoy ten thousand years of intellectual pursuits unhampered by the annoying demands of a body.”
“Excellent, Captain, you follow,” Sh’lok said. “There are literally thousands of these tunnels in this general area alone… far too many to be cut by the one creature even if it has quite a long lifetime.”
week he’d really get around to that mail from Harry. But it never happened “this week”. Something always came up.
The doors opened. Lieutenant Donovan walked out of the lift, past the two Security officers flanking the door, and paused there, glancing coolly around the space. Some officers she knew, some she didn’t, but none of them were paying her any particular attention…
“Very good, Mr. Sh’lok.” John looked him over without trying to be too obvious about it. Since dealing with Abernetty and returning to the Enterprise with his Captain, John’s First Officer had appeared to be in quite the chastened mood, wearing his composure somewhat clamped down.
more than you’d ever get out at planetary orbital distance. That poor pilot who dove into the star—if the thing inside him died of being close to the sun, it’s as good a chance the neutrinos killed it as the light.”
Chief among these was the business of shoving the more annoying and personally painful aspects of the day’s events down where they would not unduly impair events that might be yet to come. He made his way through the back doors to the treasury, where gigantic golden-brown eyes blinked at him from under the heaps of treasure. These eyes then vanished to be replaced by a grunting woofing red-coated
On seeing them both armed, S’kroft stepped down from the central dais and headed for the other one. “If both survive the
beauty—of the man now on the other side of that door. It was not the usual beauty by any means, but it was there, and Sh’lok’s alone… as uniquely extraordinary as everything else about him. Probably the reason that John had been (unconsciously) emphatic in refusing to acknowledge it.
Sh’lok had activated his tricorder and was checking it every fifty paces or so. After a few minutes he paused, several meters away from a spot in which their own tunnel forked. “Captain,” he said, “fresh readings within the hour.” He gestured right and left with his phaser. “In each of these tunnels.”
“I certainly think that science might provide an answer,” John said, with just a hint of a glance toward the table behind him.
Dimmock grinned, but there was nothing jokey about it. “There’s this about whatever kind of ion-based FTL she’s using: it still leaves a decay trail like more conventional old-style ion propulsion systems. It’s a spotty trail where the propulsion system cycles in and out of real space—more like a trail of breadcrumbs than anything else. But an ion’ll decay in the usual way no matter how fast you make it move. You can’t change the laws of physics.”
John had to grin, and shook Sh’lok a little in amusement. “Thank you, Science Officer. So let’s find that resting state again, ‘cause we’ve still got work to do.” He took a breath, gazing into those silver eyes and very much wanting to make sure he was understood. “Later, and I mean hours from now, not days, we’ll go somewhere quiet, take our time, and find what needs saying. That suit you?”
expressing it: perhaps even all three. Sh’lok was so nonplussed by this that he actually had to stand there blinking for a moment before he could work out how to respond. The rest of the warning—that he could not allow this Watson’s aberrations to jeopardise his own position—was delivered to that slight, reflective smile, which did not go away. It remained in place while Watson suggested, rather gently, that he would make a bad enemy. It stayed right where it was while Sh’lok replied that the same was true for him. And when he finished, and went away down the corridor, it was as if he felt that smile still, on his back, like the touch of a hand.
The fury that flared up as his fingers tightened on her chin surprised her. Immediately Donovan slapped Anderson’s gripping hand off her face. And when Anderson staggered back, his shock and anger showing, and then leaned in again to reassert himself, she was just about to backhand him across the face when she heard the hiss of the turbolift doors.
And he laid his will as he’d been taught to do, not on his seeming surroundings, but upon the mental structure underlying them.
The thought flashed across John’s mind of all the sessions he’d spent sparring with Sh’lok, who seemingly as a hobby picked up strange forgotten combat styles with peculiar names—singlestick and bartitsu and God knew what else. He thought of the one afternoon he’d wandered into the gym a little early and found Sh’lok
“There are other ways,” he said. “You’ll discover them. You may want to move to the surface, though.”
John thought for a second, then glanced up at Mrs. Hudson. “Hudders, can you buy me some time? Get below and short out the main phaser couplings. They'll think the storm blew the stand-by circuits.”
The Security team started to fan out into the tunnels, and John watched them go, then went after them in company with Sh’lok.
“Get to your post. Run today's communications from Starfleet Command. I want to know my exact orders. And options, if any.”
Minutes later, after making another call, he was on the Bridge. Or, more accurately, he was standing in the open turbolift door, hands on hips, looking at the Science station, where a Vulcan was peering down his viewer at something.
After a moment, “Sir,” and “Yes sir,” and “Aye aye,” went around the Bridge, a kind of quiet murmur. With that John knew the issue of having to deal with any further explanations or ongoing prying and gossip was handled. From these people, the word would percolate through the ship:
wanted, now dead by his hand, rose up into his throat once more and threatened to choke him: but for these few moments he mastered it. “It is not logical… but it is often true.”
“It’s as I warned you,” Mrs. Hudson said. “The two-way matter transmission has adversely affected the local field density between the universes. It’s increasing, and the equivalency between them’s starting to denature. We've got to move fast.”
fire, it was the worst of all dangers, the presence of a second, alien consciousness where there should only be one—
“I would say,” John said, “that the novelty value had just about run its course, partly due to you ratcheting up the snottiness enough to keep him incriminating himself.”
John watched the struggle in horrified fascination. “The chamber of the ages,” Sh’lok said, lower; and his eyes squeezed shut in pain again. “The altar of tomorrow—”
to fit in?” And because this world’s John Watson and this woman were plainly already intimate, for the moment he followed another instinct, reaching out and gently touching her softly waving hair.
Sh’lok’s first response to seeing himself as John had first seen him, knocked sprawling on the floor of a flat in Starfleet San Francisco’s transient accommodation, was to simply stand stock still, as if having trouble taking the image in. He stared first and longest at the hand reaching down to him to help him up. Then he gazed a while down into the eyes that were staring up into John’s in perplexed astonishment… yet also in some kind of peculiar recognition. As if this moment, this unexpectedly immediate connection, had always been meant to happen…
That didn’t surprise John: there were enough times he’d teased his friend about “those Vulcan ears” and their sharpness (in the sense that had nothing to do with shape). Nonetheless he raised his eyebrows. “Marriage party? You said T’Eyreen was your wife.”
Sh’lok unfolded his arms, leaned in, chose a knight and moved it up two levels, elegantly and conclusively forking John’s king’s bishop and one of his rooks a level down. John, who hadn’t seen that coming, sighed in resignation and started trying to work out what to do next.
He closed his eyes and first made sure that the outer barriers of his mind were once more secure. The initial shock of the alien organism’s implantation had deranged his brain chemistry so massively and the alien tissue growth had so swiftly set about overrunning his neural network that for a while he had not had enough power to resist. But paradoxically Lestrade’s most recent administration of painkillers had bought him the time he needed for his body to recover somewhat, and for his mind to re-erect its outermost lines of defence. It would not be enough, he knew… not for all that long. He would need to do some maintenance and restructuring work before he dared return to duty. Later, if by some wild chance he survived this ordeal, there logically seemed to be some chance that a Vulcan’s normal self-healing abilities could be brought to the fore and tasked to destroy the invading tissue. But first, so that other options could be implemented, the vast horrible mind associated with the tissue must be as completely shut out as it could be.
mind was interpenetrating his more forcefully now, having quickly found its balance again and once more taking the initiative after its initial shocked retreat. For a short time John had trouble catching his breath as he reconciled this Sh’lok’s fierce, near-forensic examination of his memories—which was quite familiar—with the man’s trying-to-stay-aloof, hopeful-but-embarrassed-to-be-hopeful reaction to finding them genuine.
The puzzle wasn’t one John was particularly appreciating at the moment. He turned, found his landmarks again, and pointed, this time to a long square-colonnaded building with floor-to-roof windows inside the colonnades. “My sister’s lab is over there,” he said. “They signalled us once… there should be someone there. Let's find out what's happening. “
This still implied all kinds of things that John needed at least a few breaths’ time to think through, and couldn’t spare just now. Mary had been watching all this, probably from the time he got here—the memory of that strange itch between the shoulder blades was definitely with him—and it seemed safest to assume that she’d seen and heard everything. So she almost certainly understood that the landing party was not from this universe, that she had been dealing with a different John Watson entirely, that it now lay in her power to do—
At the curve of the adjoining tunnel, Lestrade stopped short, taking it all in: John, Sh’lok, the thing Sh’lok was clinging to. “What in the name of—?!”
And horribly on cue, a high urgent alarm note started sounding somewhere out in the huge artificial cavern that housed the bulk of the pergium processing facility. “Oh God,
His eagerness to start killing millions of people was starting to get on John’s nerves. “Put phasers on standby, Mr. Anderson.”
The screen shimmered to show a better view of the class M worlds, all of them backed by shading to indicate they were within what used to be called the “Goldilocks Zone”, likely to contain worlds that were “just right” for Earth-style humanoid life. “Sigma Draconis III, on the left there, is rated industrial scale B—”
S’kroft’s eyes narrowed. “Some say thy Vulcan blood is thin, Clan-brother. Wilt thou prove them right? Art thou Vulcan, or art thou
But finally Mrs. Hudson let him go, and John was able to walk round the place once and visit all the stations. At the end of it, though, he looked at the center seat and just couldn’t feel that he’d be able to settle there for any length of time.
“Stop now,” Sh’lok said: and John could tell he was speaking aloud for emphasis. “This shoulder’s loss saved your life. It’s obvious from the asymmetry of the reconstruction how the blast spun you sideways and down flat, and spared your heart from the followup.” He swallowed, his fingers sliding away from the shoulder and coming gently to rest under John’s chin, tilting it up. “Never imagine it could look less than beautiful to someone whose world would be far poorer were you not in it.”
As John went in behind them he glanced up at the rough archway of the cavern opening and made sure of something he’d thought he’d seen on the way out, the first time: a thin, thin line that looked like stone, but wasn’t really—there was something off about the texture.
He slid his fingers through them in unabashed admiration, gently rubbing Sh’lok’s scalp. Sh’lok pushed back against the massage, humming softly, almost a purr.
He gave Sh’lok what he hoped the man would read as a warning look. “So since we’re at risk of making it look like we’ve meddled in the affairs of the Janus VI colony on an ill-conceived whim, and getting ourselves cashiered, we need to make sure we produce the desired result. Are we going to be able to do that?”
He had to let about half a half-smile out for Sh’lok to see. “…Those are pretty good odds, Mr. Sh’lok.”
John Watson? No. Probably not. But, Sh’lok, there’ll be other opportunities, other chances for friendship. A lifetime’s worth. If you died now, you’d never have a chance to know them.”
John took a deep breath in the darkness. Wherever he was, he could feel all around him that he wasn’t alone. Sh’lok was here.
“Yes, Captain.” Sh’lok reached out to pick up the nodule again, once more turning it over and over in his hands as he scrutinized it. “You recall that Vanderberg commented there were thousands of these at a lower level. The level which the machinery opened just prior to the first appearance of the creature…”
“Equally hardwired,” Sh’lok said, “was the mother Horta’s reaction on finding a human miner in the presence of newly broken eggs, when she finally
it!” A long gasp of breath followed, as if breathing had previously been a problem. And then, bizarrely joyous even through what sounded like anguish, the words: “It’s finally
John raised his eyebrows at Lestrade. Lestrade sighed. “She was upset,” he said. “We’d been having trouble keeping him under anaesthesia to begin with: the things inside him kept bringing him out from under. The diagnostic readers made it plain how much pain he was in. And when I was finished, she was kind of… reluctant to close. Understandably, maybe. We hadn’t done much for him. Not that there was anything I really
He looked past them at the woman who was now standing calmly before the gong on the central dais. “T’Eyreen,” S’kroft said, “thou hast chosen the
John felt increasingly mortified, especially when they passed crewpeople in the corridors and even relatively innocuous glances and greetings left John feeling sure that they could tell what was going on just by looking at him.
“Is this Vulcan chivalry?” Lestrade said, not making the slightest attempt to keep his fury out of his voice. “The air's too hot and thin for Watson. He's not used to it.”
“Ah,” Sh’lok said. “On that, Captain, I can shed some light. The original Controllers, the people of the Ancient species who inaugurated this system on this world, were not at all so negatively inclined. They were contemporary with the Preserver species known to us as being active in this part of the galaxy over the last half billion years or so. Indeed it would appear that some of the humanoid species settled on this planet over time—and as I mentioned earlier, there were originally a  fair number of settlements—were obtained from the Preservers as being in need of new homes.”
But time was not his friend right now, or his people’s. At the back of John's mind was Sh’lok’s voice lecturing him amiably across the chessboard about the mutability of hyperstring adjacence, and Mrs. Hudson saying
John’s gaze slid back up to the Vulcan face, far stiller than his own Sh’lok’s for the moment. Sh'lok was plainly waiting for him to respond. John took a breath and simply nodded.
The gradual dimming stopped, but there was a tentative sense to it…as if the one who’d obeyed the command wasn’t sure he could keep on doing so. John stared all around him. “Come on, Sh’lok, we need to get this done, give me a sign—!”
Lestrade looked at him like a man caught in some nightmare of walking across a high bridge who finds it disintegrating beneath his feet. “I’m trying to thread a needle with a sledgehammer,” Lestrade said, his voice taut with fear. “What am I supposed to do? I can't remember!”
you’d made of OrgChem lab when you’d finished up that clathrate-and-benzene-ring business last week, and frankly it’s a wonder that—”
“John,” Lestrade said, “when I suggested to Sh’lok that it was time for his routine check-up, your ‘logical, unemotional’ First Officer turned to me and said, ‘You will cease to pry into my personal matters, Doctor, or I shall certainly
John discovered that this Sh’lok had no compunctions about noses or teeth, and just managed to turn his head in time to avoid catching the blow full on. Another one came at him from the other direction, though, knocking John sprawling on his back onto the diagnostic table, and a second later Sh’lok was coming down with interlaced hands to club him in the chest. John rolled out off the way, off the end of the table and onto his feet. Without a second’s hesitation Sh’lok put a boot in John’s gut, kicked him into yet another diagnostic table and tried to tackle him down onto it—
the mind-meld induction mantra said. Now he was beginning to wonder whether he’d ever really followed all the implications of that statement through to their logical conclusions. Once you’d melded two personalities together as intimately as he and his Sh’lok had been doing lately, was it really
Sh’lok moved a little closer to him, looking at John somewhat suspiciously. “I had been about to query him on that,” he said.
John rubbed himself against Sh’lok, almost giddy with excitement and a bit amused by it as well; the mischief that kept surfacing in Sh’lok’s mind was bleeding over into him.
Looking stricken and terrified, Dimmock started backing away from behind the console. “But Mr. Sh'lok, I—”
stay.” John worked with the settings of the handheld control device for a moment. Sh’lok’s body’s hands let go of Kara’s, and John immediately grabbed them himself and relieved her of her armband. “Now,” he said. “You took his brain, and you will put it back. How’d you do it?”
Sh’lok gave John a wry look. “Praise where praise is due, Captain,” he said. “The Doctor’s expertise is significant… otherwise he would not be aboard. Meanwhile, I should imagine we’ll be able to quickly retroengineer antidotes to the most noxious of the cognitive suppressors from data in the Builders’ database, as the late Controller would have used that data to devise them in the first place.”
man—identical in all other ways, from height and weight and build and hair colour and eye colour, right down to the damage done to the shoulder by a failed assassination attempt in a previous command—held himself in a manner suggestive of nothing so much as a formidable but carefully restrained power. This perception by itself was shocking enough, for the words “restraint” and “John Watson” were ones that could barely be imagined occurring in the same sentence. Equally shocking, though, was the way Sh’lok found this combination drew him—indeed absolutely
Sh’lok arched an eyebrow in utter astonishment at the situation into which the universe had thrown him. “Fascinating,” he murmured.
John nodded. “There have been no live contacts with the Federation for over a year,” Sh’lok said. “As with many distant outpost worlds, much routine communication is automated… so nothing untoward was noted for quite a while until some of the communication channels either failed or began repeating data.”
Sh’lok was steadily pushing John up and away, up and up until he was half-kneeling over the Vulcan. With a sudden burst of strength Sh’lok got enough control of the weapon to swing its blade-end around into that little bronze pillar and snap the blade of it, half of which fell ringing to the stone. The next moment there was a boot planted in John’s gut and pushing him away. The breath went out of him as he fell backward, but as he fought for his next breath and to get back to his feet he saw Sh’lok scrambling for the unbroken
And have from the day you first helped me up off the floor and were thinking no less of me for having been there. Thought’s hard to catch with such fleeting contact, but the way you wear your emotions—not always easily; but with such
What began to reveal itself next, though, was a rather odd game quite devoid of Sh’lok’s usual dash and fireworks; a slow steady opening-out of position that spread itself gradually among the levels, like some thorny flower opening in slow motion.
“I’d hope you’re not planning to make a habit of it,” she said. “I’d hate to have to come out of retirement. People would talk.”
horror— as forces that would have until that moment had no business being in contact with a human brain started tunnelling themselves down into Lestrade’s. The third spasm of pain that went though him made his shoulders hunch against it and all the muscles of his face clench themselves like a fist. His hands came up and covered his face, and he shivered as if caught in a current no one else could feel; but still Lestrade stayed upright, fighting for equilibrium, hanging on—
seemed like too much. Harry’s never-ending struggle with her alcoholism and her various failed relationships—every one seemingly so promising, and every one of them failing within a year—had over time become just too damn much to bear, even at second and third hand.
“Indeed not. For the impossible has thankfully been eliminated… and what remains is therefore the possible: all of it. All that remains to be determined are various degrees of improbability.”
“And quite right too,” Mary said, giving John a flirtatious side-eye. “But then came Alster III and that little side job you got yourself into after the species was halfway to being wiped out. The poor alien scientist who begged you to let him and his family escape the ethnic cleansing, in exchange for him handing you his secret experimental lab and all its contents...”
Also to be dealt with was the formal registration with Starfleet of a new alien lifeform—some urgency being added to the business due to that species also being the original indigenous species of a planet that had a Federation-sponsored facility on it, but no legal agreement to buttress that presence. Naturally the
“Energise,” the Captain said, and Sh’lok watched the Transporter room fade away before him while planning his next moves.
Now, though, he found himself dealing with a possibility that was causing him a new, active and much sharper pain: the idea that his personal failings had kept the situation at Deneva from being revealed far earlier than it had been.
The annoyance that instantly flared in her, she didn’t bother disguising. “I’ve been ordered to check the phaser couplings for possible damage from the storm,” Mrs. Hudson said.
Kara, for her part, saw nothing positive about the proceedings at all. “You will have him back and we will be destroyed,” she said, wrathful but helpless.
On the diagnostic bed, Sh’lok lay as still as he could under the circumstances and considered his options.
“Captain, I have several advantages at the moment,” Sh’lok said. “I am presently well removed from the planet—enough so to decrease the organisms’ influence over me
The Captain, for his part, looked relieved—quite understandably so, as he certainly required Sh’lok’s expertise at the moment. And was that a hint of amusement showing on his face? “Mr. Sh’lok,” he said after a few moments, and sounding a bit resigned, “your logic, as usual, is inescapable.”
Many minutes more went by before anything else of note occurred. Lestrade went back to Sickbay, eventually, and for a good while more John simply sat in the center seat and revelled in the unbridled
“Doctor Hooper,” Lestrade said to her, in one of those we’re-about-to-have-a-discussion-about-something-you’d-rather-not voices that John knew all too well (having last heard it over that salad).
And around the curve of the corridor, John saw his door. “Yes,” John said, nodding “good evening” to a last couple of passing crewmen, “I suppose that could be a problem, going forward…”
The virtue of the moment was that each of the idiots holding him (and not by the upper arms, but by the forearms, the over confident idiots) was fairly certain that the other had a good enough grip on their target for him to not be hanging on as hard as he should have been. John was watching Bradstreet’s finger tighten on the phaser’s trigger, and it seemed to be happening too slowly because the man was taking it too slowly, gloating to himself about it, enjoying the luscious nastiness of the moment just a little too much. John took a breath and caught Bradstreet’s eyes, blinking, trying to keep him gloating just a moment longer until he was properly balanced and centered and ready to move—
Lestrade was not up for waiting for ‘later’, though, on some matters anyway. “There's just one thing, Mr. Sh’lok,” Lestrade said. “You can't tell me that when you first saw John alive that you weren't on the verge of giving us an emotional scene that would have brought the house down—”
is Sh’lok,” John said, gesturing at the Vulcan’s body. “You saw him on the ship. You have his brain. It must be restored to him
And there was Sh’lok in the doorway glaring at Dr. Hooper, his face coldly furious in a way John couldn’t recall
As Hooper made her way back to him, John started back down the hall again toward the Provisioning department head’s office, assuming that Lestrade had said whatever piece he felt he needed to for the moment. But, “Captain—” Lestrade said, catching his eye: he wasn’t done.
John sighed. “Let’s find out where we stand.” He sat down in the desk chair and turned to the library-computer terminal next to the desk, flipped the usual switch. “Computer.”
“No, none,” the man said, sounding like this was the last thing he needed, the straw that would break his back if no camel could be found. “It’s outdated, but we never had any trouble with it.”
John glanced at Lestrade, shook his head. “Not necessarily, Bones. I've heard of the theoretical possibility of life based on silicon…” He regarded Sh’lok. “But silicon-based life would be of an
had gradually been discovering that between his genius and his dual heritage, Sh’lok was very much a law unto himself—easily qualifying as the most human Vulcan John had ever known.
John went slowly to sit down in the chair on the near side of Sh’lok’s desk. On the far side, Sh’lok had laced his fingers together tightly enough so that the knuckles stood out pale. “There are numerous precedents in nature, Captain,” he said. “The giant eel birds of Regulus Five; once each eleven years they must return to the caverns where they hatched. On your Earth, the salmon. They must return to that one stream where they were born, to spawn… or die in trying.”
“Doctor, please, let me finish.” Hearing Lestrade’s tone, Sh’lok found himself a touch dismayed, for the man’s affect seemed not only not particularly neutral, but almost inappropriately bright. Perhaps the day’s events had led him to think this would somehow be helpful to Sh’lok.
John bounced an available knight up one level and took the ostentatiously vulnerable pawn, seeing that in doing so there were two different ways he was exposing his lower-board position to attack.
I might be able to retain and bring these techniques to the world.” He turned to his Captain. “John, isn't it
definition of normal operations to resume, which meant getting caught up on the aftermath. “So Sh’lok!” he said, eager. “What happened down there? The girl! The wedding!”
“I don't know.” To John’s slight surprise, Sh’lok again said this without the usual intonation suggesting that such an admission pained him. He threw a glance at Lestrade, though, as if looking for a reaction.
A small movement seen out of the corner of his eye brought John’s head around. Rosie was lying there, unconscious but still moving restlessly. “My niece…” John said quietly, and looked up at Lestrade.
Sh’lok glanced at John in surprise. John put up the phaser again, shrugged. “No harm in this nasty piece of work being off everybody’s case for a few more hours,” he said, with a meaningful glance at Sh’lok. “Let’s move.”
For the moment he retreated into safer territory, that of the commanding officer dealing with one of his people. “You've been called the best First Officer in the Fleet,” John said, his voice rough with the discomfort of the moment. “That's an enormous asset to me. If I have to lose that First Officer, I want to know
John thought. Yet he couldn’t bring himself to object too much. Sh’lok had brought back what they needed, a live specimen to study and (ideally) to use to determine whether any countermeasure against the things would work.
Sh’lok caught himself and fell silent as John’s eyes narrowed at him. But there was that flash of pain again, and also of something deeper that John wasn’t able to identify.  He stood there for a few seconds silently watching Sh’lok, with an effort, master himself. “I
He glanced over at Ensign Zahra. “I'll want a complete transcript of everything that happens down there, Yeoman.”
Unfortunately, and as he’d greatly feared, this meant first the Doctor and then John. Nonetheless Sh’lok attempted to keep the worst and most personal information to himself, only revealing the details of his condition when his Captain forced the issue by direct command. In this matter at least he had no choice. Though there were numerous possible responses to situations that transcended even the discipline of the service, disobeying John Watson when he spoke from the authority of his position was not one of them.
John reached out for the lift’s controller handle. “Deck five,” he said, glancing at Sh’lok’s face. At first glance it seemed as impassive as ever, but John knew him too well to be fooled; there was a dazed quality to Sh’lok at the moment, something not quite right in those pale eyes.
What processes would have to take place, physically, for Sh’lok to be restored to health? Bearing in mind what Sh’lok had told him, John had to entertain the thought that it might involve something as crudely
“I can't let Sh’lok die, can I, Bones? And he will if we go to Altair. I owe him my life a dozen times over. Isn't that worth a career?” He stopped his pacing, looked over at Lestrade. “And he's my
“Where else would I be?” Lestrade said, with just a touch of acerbity: but the edge in his voice had a smile to it.
of the struck gong pulled John out of his thoughts. “I wonder when his T’Eyreen arrives,” Lestrade said.
. It was heady stuff. John felt the hair rising on the back of his neck, not in any kind of nervousness, but in a kind of reaction he’d been lucky enough to more-than-occasionally experience before in his line of work: sheer wonder.
“So Mr. Bradstreet,” John said, “we’ve got three Class M planets here, none of which hosts a species capable of interstellar flight.”
At the helm, Lieutenant Dimmock was working over his console with an unnerved expression. “Captain,” he said, “I’m picking up a small ship on our sensors. Only moving on impulse, but he’s way ahead of us… and he’s heading directly into the Denevan sun.” He turned to look at John in alarm. “He'll burn up.”
breathe again, and to find enough strength in his limbs to pull close the long lean body that clutched at his, shuddering, throbbing with a last few pulses from deep inside him. Sh’lok’s mind was awash in a soul-deep sense of utter completion the likes of which John had never imagined… and as it flowed over him too, irresistible, John willingly let go and let it pull him under.
Everyone else stared too. Some mouths dropped open: it was as if others found the lack of the man as impossible as John did.
Then, Deneva. Then the theft of Sh’lok’s brain. Then Vulcan, and the Place of Marriage and Challenge, and the events that killed one of them and broke both their hearts open. And finally John’s evening visit to the shuttle bay, where he stood alone in the watching starlight and made his choice—to be someone else’s as well as his own—and moments later Sh’lok arrived to look into John’s eyes, and make that choice his own as well.
Sh’lok thought, going cold to his marrow—because this man’s mind was not John Watson’s. The thin fine line of light and warmth that had seemed to run between him and his
“This tunnel,” Sh’lok said. “My readings indicate it was made within the hour. Moments ago, in fact.”
Lestrade looked at John as he thought his Captain had taken leave of his senses. “Take him? Take him
It was as if John’s heart leapt inside him… not that he had the slightest idea why. “Missing something?
“Complete examination,” John said as if not noticing at all, and glanced back at him. “Lestrade's waiting.”
He stepped back and went to the control console for the cubicle. Lestrade secured the cubicle’s door behind him, then paused beside John for a moment, looking moment by moment more nervous. He handed John his goggles again… then paused, as if waiting for a change of mind, or heart.
Janus VI proved unexpectedly gloomy when the glitter and the hum faded away. John had seen his share of factory and processing facilities that had for one reason or another been hidden away deep under planetary surfaces. Most of them made some sort of stab at reproducing daylight inside the hollowed-out volume where their workers normally had to spend months or years at a time. At the moment, though, just a few high banks of lights shone down through an oppressive blue indoor twilight onto a forest of pipes and conveyors and cracking stacks, all gleaming faintly under the overheads and muttering industrially to themselves—the only sound in that echoing emptiness.
finally the human components of his heredity came a little to his aid. Now, impelled by a whole anguished set of imperatives quite different from the one presently raging through his veins, with a gigantic effort Sh’lok managed to wrench himself partway out of the hormonal bloodlust that had all but possessed him. Then he went staggering over to S’kroft to abase himself in ways that would have been unthinkable for one of solely Vulcan heritage. Fighting for every word against the
As it turned out, as soon as they’d beamed up John realised he needed to briefly stop into the Bridge and dictate a log entry dealing with what they’d found below on the planet. The routine, which normally would have annoyed him a bit, now left him feeling a touch more grounded, for which John was grateful. He left instructions with Donovan to immediately forward the log entry and the ship’s initial scanner readings to Starfleet. Until this situation was better understood and resolved, any incoming interstellar traffic needed to be diverted or warned away from here. Then he headed down to Sickbay.
And then they waited, there being nothing else they could do. John was already considering who to send down to do a survey when Donovan suddenly looked up. “Captain? Receiving messages from a ground station!”
John tilted his head to one side and did his best to listen to the mindspace around them. What he got was a general sense of wonder and desire, but at the moment it seemed to be running in a loop, as if Sh’lok wasn’t quite sure where to go from here.
Perhaps it was a day for breaking regulations. Though Sh’lok was by no means a stranger to such behaviour, in this case the prospect caused him some concern. Yet the thought of that half-smile would not let him be. He called the Captain’s quarters, and warned the man he spoke to of the death sentence now hanging over his head… and even then could hear the faint amusement, the — affection?—underlying his responses. It had been most peculiar.
He could feel how hollow and unlikely that suggestion seemed to Sh’lok right now: and John ached for him. But he had to do
Sh’lok’s voice was to his Captain’s well-trained ear quite eloquent of his opinion of the unpredictability, and at the sound of it John couldn’t help smiling a bit. “Rough ride?”
“At norm, Mr. Dimmock,” this Sh’lok was saying. “Controls at neutral.” And there was the worst of it, because the man whom John most desperately wished was here to help him figure all this out was
The naked vulnerability in that gaze, usually so cool and self-assured, threatened to take John’s breath away.
She turned back to her desk and started tutting over the printouts again. “I can do you the ultraviolet light, of course, we’ll bleed it off the satellites’ fusion reactors parasitically. But if you want to make sure of a good thorough job of killing these things, a clean sweep, the neutrinos will make sure of it. Light or dark won’t matter to them, and neither will the fact that anything’s shut up in an enclosed place. They’ll tear straight through the whole planet and everything on it like tissue paper, just like they’re tearing through you and me right now.” She grabbed for a stylus and started revising one of the printouts. “A job worth doing is worth doing right, I always say…”
In Vanderberg’s office some bare-bones refreshments had been laid out—vacuum jugs of various hot and cold beverages. Dr. Lestrade was already having a cup of the miners’ idea of coffee. John thought it safer to stick to tea, and poured himself some to help him pull his thoughts together.
He never saw the hypo that hit him in the arm from the other side. Down the man slumped, and Hudson and Lestrade caught him between them and manhandled him through the door behind him.
Sh’lok nodded. “Well, yes, thank you,” he said. “But there’s more to it than that. There’s a vital reconnection that must yet be made, and nothing Lestrade does will make any difference to it. Brain is not mind. Mind is
He stroked Sh’lok’s softly with his, and the hair went up on the back of his neck with unnerved delight as with the very first touch he not only felt himself kissing Sh’lok, but felt Sh’lok
A nod of response, no more. Sh’lok’s chest was heaving as if breath was an alien thing that he had to keep reminding himself to do.
There was a little sloped-down patch of cavern wall behind it, and the creature slid itself up on this and clung there a moment, throbbing. The sharp smell of its corrosive acid fumed up into the air. After a few seconds it shook itself and moved back down onto the cavern floor, leaving behind it, to John’s astonishment, seven gently-smoking letters etched shallowly into the stone.
said the clock in his head, even as she leaned in toward him. John lowered his face to hers, met her lips with his and let the moment stretch.
In his own sickbay this would have been a straightforward business to handle: a compressed skull fracture complicated by torn blood vessels bleeding into the space between the skull and its internal protective layers, putting pressure on the brain. The bone repair was the most problematic part to deal with quickly, as the adhesion between the
The doctor folded his arms, looking a bit resigned. “The blindness was temporary, John. There's something about his optic nerves that doesn’t behave like a human’s…”
as their tongues met and stroked. Around and around it went, an endlessly deepening spiral of pleasure and hunger out of which John had no wish to find his way.
John had to agree with her: it didn’t. It looked like a flattened, half-melted blob of something pinkish-white and shiny, but its colours kept shifting and it didn’t seem to manifest itself steadily as either something liquid or solid. In fact it made John feel faintly queasy to look at it.
He left them to it and headed back over to the facility’s reactor room. Mrs. Hudson had wasted no time. With one of her Engineering staff she was kneeling beside a complicated, unquestionably cobbled-together contraption of cylinders and tubes and solid power sources—something that looked like its image should appear in an engineering reference next to the definition for “jury-rigged”. “How’s it going, Hudders?”
Sh’lok regarded this move for a moment, plainly registering its symbolic quality as an invitation to take advantage. “In answer to your question regarding the hatching,” he said, “yes. Very soon. A matter of hours, if my reading of the Mother's timesense is correct… which I believe it is. The imminence of the hatching was one reason she became so desperate that she was willing to risk stealing that pump.”
“Well, that’s a relief,” John said, trying to sound casual about it. “If I get to express an opinion… I think I prefer you physical.”
Well, I guess it's over,” she said. “Commander Kenno will take me temporarily. He's made that quite clear.” Mary got up gracefully from the divan and strode past him toward the comms screen on the nearby desk. “I'll call a yeoman to help me with my things.”
Sh'lok got back to his feet and spent a moment putting himself back in order and regarding the reactor’s corculating pump—and also what John held in his hand. “I also found about a million of these silicon nodules. They're eggs, aren't they?”
The hair was going up on the back of John’s neck again as an awful possibility began to suggest itself to him.
these memories and knew what was coming, they were deeply moving. But perceiving them, experiencing them, Sh’lok was trembling at the intensity of what he saw—and felt, and heard and tasted and touched.
John watched this, and glanced back toward S’kroft. “Watson,” he said. “T’Eyreen is within her rights… but our laws and customs are not binding on thee. Thou art free to decline with no harm on thyself.”
Sh’lok’s voice broke again then. “Cry,” he said, through a throat thick with raw emotion, “for the children.” His head turned slowly against the Horta as he struggled for control. “Walk carefully—in the Vault of Tomorrow.” John saw, and for the sake of his friend’s privacy wished he had not seen, the tears that had begun running down Sh’lok’s face. “Sorrow—for the murdered children.” A sob, unmistakeable, of pure grief. Then control again, but not much. “…The thing you search for is there.”
“Good,” Sh’lok said… and then those warm long-fingered hands were sliding up under the back of John’s uniform tunic. “For I think that prospect would positively…
“We believe what you say, Captain Watson,” Tharn was saying in that same patient tone, “but our position has not altered. The Halkan Council cannot permit your Federation to mine dilithium crystals on our planet.”
John moaned out loud as Sh’lok’s curls brushed down the length of him, tickling the head of his cock, rubbing softly against his balls.
“I never guess,” said Sh’lok. John, glancing up, had no intention of contradicting his First Officer in front of their men, but he gave Sh’lok a look intended to say quite clearly,
infinitely possible. Seems that probabilities tend to clump. And the closer some possibilities are, the closer their timelines run. Something to do with resonances between their basic structures on the hyperstring level.”
. John would have writhed with it, except that motion was also impossible, as usual when transporting.
Sh’lok gave him a surprised look. “Of course not, Captain. When simple uncomplicated internal biometric and DNA sampling data is part of every worker’s or traveler’s basic identification documents, who bothers with a technology so antiquated? Not to mention so limited in its usefulness. There are thousands of hominid species scattered through this part of the Galaxy, and only Earth-originated humans and the Goneri peoples originating from the core worlds of the Mei Star Cluster even
“You’re talking about the disintegration of your personality,” John said, low and fierce. “Or something worse.”
Giotto stood at the head of a line of seven more security men, all standing with readjusted phasers braced over their forearms while John moved down the line, gauging their alertness, making sure to catch each one’s eye as he spoke. “So the creature’s wounded,” he said, “and therefore twice as dangerous. Make sure you stay in pairs. If you see it, concentrate your phaser fire at what appears to be its head. Concentrate it. Maintain it. It is definitely resistant, but it can be hurt. And if it can be hurt, it can be killed.”
Her immediate reaction to the situation was perplexity. “You do not belong here,” she said. “You are not Morg!”
Lestrade gave her a look that was dry, but gentle. “You don’t give up hoping, do you,” he said. “Never mind. Carry on, Doctor.”
to do so to hide your tracks." Sh'lok's smile was smug. "That evidence, correlated with the times and locations of your coworkers' deaths, and the communicator ID I used to lure you here, clearly identifies you as the person responsible for their killings. All that data is already safe in the
Without warning an image flashed through John’s mind of Sh’lok all by himself in some tunnel, lured away by that ridiculous curiosity of his, or this impulse of compassion (deny it though he would) for a creature all alone, the last of its kind; or both of them together. Sh’lok not actually directly
S’kroft regarded him in the dispassionate manner of one examining a not entirely unexpected chemical reaction. “The air is the air,” he said. “What can be done?”
A word whispered itself to him, a Vulcan word: just a short one. At the sound of it, John trembled… and it wasn’t his tremor, his longing, but Sh’lok’s. What he was holding, beating like a heart, was as full of meaning as a living heart would have been with blood; and the meanings flowed and shifted through the word, beat by beat, as a whole body’s blood might have. The word meant
“That’s right,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Eventually they decided to forget the expansion plans for the time being and leave Deneva just with the ship capacity it needed to run a standalone intrasystem operation. They’ve a good big asteroid belt, and impulse-powered ships used to do regular runs from here carrying supplies out to the belt for the miners, and bringing cargo back. The usual basic produce for a frontier system—gas and water ices, industrial diamond, nickel-iron amalgams and so forth. I did the run a few times myself a good while back as an engineering advisor.”
Without warning Sh’lok staggered backwards, loose-limbed, as if about to fall. John quickly moved forward to catch him and brace him upright. That smothering sense of tension broke, but John wasn’t even slightly relieved.
On the desk off to one side were a number of pieces of shattered silicon nodules, large and small, stained and old. In places the dull lustre of their outer shells was splotched with something dark. John could see that the blotches were fingertip-shaped.
John walked as quietly as he could, listening hard for any indication of something approaching them.
“Mr. Sh’lok,” she said, and there was the strangest little smile on her face. “Have you been listening to a single word I’ve said?”
Sh’lok put up an eyebrow in agreement. “I judge that theory to have considerable likelihood of being accurate.”
Lestrade came along, another injection of welcome dependability, even though he looked rather somber. “We’re ready to beam up, Captain,” he said. “I’d like you to be on board when your sister-in-law regains consciousness.”
John grimaced, as he knew where this was going. “You’d have noticed the delightful aspects, I’m sure,” Lestrade said, looking sidelong at John.
Sh’lok chuckled. “…Well. There are more kinds of relativity than the General one, John. Even Einstein was willing to suggest that a minute spent in the close company of a pretty girl differed considerably from a minute spent with one’s hand on a hot stove—”
most important one. The delight in the different, the excitement of finding it, the pleasure in how the differences combined.
its protection any more,” John said. “You’ll have something a billion times better.”And he shook Sh’lok one last time. “So
computers. The Federation will have it within hours. Nothing you can now do to me can change that. Also now stored in the
Sh’lok’s face smoothed down—but not very much. His eyes locked on John’s. “Captain,” Sh’lok said, his voice tight with evident anger, “I should like to request a leave of absence on my home planet. On our present course you can divert to Vulcan with a loss of but two point eight light days.”
Finally even the echoes went silent. John stood in that silence, waiting. For long moments nothing happened.
“Huh,” he said after Sh’lok had spent a few minutes on the diagnostic bed. Lestrade was frowning down at one of his remote-access padds for the initial readout.
Not for the first time, Sally Donovan contemplates killing Anderson. Dr. Lestrade bitches about his Sickbay being all messed up. Mrs. Hudson gets cranky about weapons detail. Captain John Watson discovers that he's been ordered to commit genocide. And the man who (in another universe) is his best friend and lover, in
The shiver down his back was there in spades, but there wasn’t much to choose between fight and flight at the moment. If he tried to run, it would catch him. If he fired, his weapon might not be enough.
It was a council room of the kind that John seemed to have wound up in about a hundred times before, over the course of his career. Normally these tended to be full of either flamboyant or malignant or ineffective politicians, or clueless bureaucrats (or worse still, clue
Sh’lok let the sehlat knock him down, because that was what had always happened when he called him like this… and because after what had happened to him just now, any small scrap of comfort was a welcome thing. Then he hugged the sehlat tight for some moments, because even though it was a construct of Sh’lok’s mind, it was still the image of his pet and he couldn’t do otherwise. Sentiment could be a dangerous drug, a trap, a crutch; of course Sh’lok understood that. But only in excess, only uncontrolled. And if there was anything that was about to happen here and now, it would be control. He would not disappoint his Captain again… especially when so very much rode on it.
John moved a little closer, not just as part of the role he was playing. She had a genuine magnetism; something inexplicably attractive, half-submerged in her gaze.
“And if he does, so what?” Lestrade said. “It was a fight to the death. And you were dead.” He shrugged. “No pulse, no respiration, damn near no brain activity. And if later on, that got better?” He raised his eyebrows. “Fine, that’s my division, granted. But Vulcan’s legal code’s
Sh’lok was examining the readout screen on his tricorder. “Within range of our sensors, there is no life other than the accountable human residents of this colony beneath the surface. At least, no life as we know it.”
Sh’lok’s expression suggested he found the whole proposition most unlikely. “Nobody could be that clever.”
And as that embrace tightened around him John felt the hardness against his hip, and the strong thigh pressing between his own. John shivered, just once, all over, and the sudden brush of friction and pressure there between them sent a swift wave of something like fire licking up his spine.
John stood there astonished and perplexed, extremely annoyed at having been a witness to this… and also becoming increasingly concerned. He stepped toward Sh’lok’s door. “Sh’lok,” he said, “what the hell is this all about?”
“I saw, in the mother Horta’s memory, something very strange. Repeatedly eggs began to vanish from their proper places and appear in places where they had no business being—for the Mother knows all the hatchery caverns intimately, having patrolled them diligently for years. Once removed to those new locations, the eggs were purposefully destroyed.” Sh’lok’s gaze locked on John’s. “Again and again she was lured to those places by the breakages. Again and again on reaching such locations she inevitably found an alien creature there, and killed it. Finally she realized that this was doing no good. She was going to have to go on the offense, and attack first.”
John nodded Donovan toward the door, dropped his hand to squeeze Lestrade’s forearm briefly, glanced once at the unconscious Sh’lok, and headed out after Donovan and Mrs. Hudson.
“A difficult exchange for both of us,” Sh’lok said. “Naturally the urgency of the moment mandated that the most immediate crisis be dealt with first. But I saw in the mother Horta’s mind that some of the killings that occurred before we came here did not involve her and her victims alone.”
John frowned, as he was not a big fan of people beaming directly onto his Bridge without first having established their
Then he turned to face the man walking slowly toward him. “Sorry,” John  said. “I didn’t hear you come in, I was—”
“But your opponent couldn’t tell. Even deep in the fever I came to understand that you would fight to protect yourself, yet also fight to stop me, and that nothing would stop
John shot Sh’lok a glance, as did one or two of the security men. John didn’t comment: merely said, “Your orders are shoot to kill. Protect yourself at all times.” He turned to Giotto. “Commander Giotto, disperse your search parties.”
said the back of his mind, in a far cooler voice than events would have called for, had the voice been entirely John’s.
“Let’s drink a toast to Sh'lok,” said Mary, holding out her glass to John. Happily enough he raised his to clink it to hers, because that was a toast he’d never had trouble making, and these days, more so than usual. “…The only man aboard with the decency to warn you, and he'll die for it.”
Experimentally John slowly lowered his phaser a bit. Immediately the creature shuffled forward—but not too quickly, not too closely. He lifted it again and immediately the creature stopped. Then after a second it shuffled backward again to its original position.
“But we cannot expect their co-operation,” Sh’lok said. “They’ve refused the Empire. Command procedure dictates that we provide the customary example.”
“I found the pump unit in there,” John said, doing his best to sound relatively casual while his First Officer recovered himself and his composure. It took more work than usual. “It’s in pretty good shape.”
Getting out of what suddenly seemed a rather stifling dark and into the well-lit and climate-controlled environs of the colony Chief Engineer’s office was a relief. Vanderberg was his name: a husky, craggy-faced man with thinning iron-colored hair, wearing a golden but slightly grubby coverall and a weary, harried expression. “Glad to see you at last,” he said in a gravelly voice, greeting John and the others with the rough-edged courtesy of a man who’d spent days being angry and scared. “Be a pleasure to have you people get rid of this damn monster so we can have our lives back and get the hell back into production.”
Yet at the same time a pang of pain went through him that had nothing to do with anything merely physical. A world with Sh’lok still in it was better than one without, and if that was the price John was going to wind up paying, there were worse things to die for—
Sh’lok declined to respond to so transparent a falsehood. Anderson, probably not noticing, went on, “It's not hard to guess the nature of your order from Starfleet Command. I suggest a connection. The captain suspects… and he’s working on escape, or defence.”
“That was very thoughtful, Captain,” Sh’lok said from wherever he was, “but probably impractical. While I might trust the Doctor to remove a splinter or lance a boil, I do not believe he has the knowledge to restore a brain.”
The tone of voice in which he delivered this analysis was completely discursive, as mild and calm as if he was reporting on an interaction that had involved someone else, days or weeks ago. For the moment, John held his peace and nodded casually as if he was accepting just such a report. Later—
“So you die, Captain,” Bradstreet said, “and we all move up in rank. No one will question the assassination of a captain who has disobeyed prime orders of the Empire…”
“Captain,” Donovan said suddenly, looking up from her comms console. “I've made contact with your private transmitter, sir.”
have done it.” He let go of her and just let his face show how furious he was—which wasn’t difficult. Seeing it, Kara started backing away, and John implacably advanced on her; he wanted her to keep on seeing. “How did you do it?”
John thought. “Plot an interception course, Mr. Dimmock,” he said. “Warp factor eight. Lieutenant Donovan, try to contact that ship.”
he’d been thinking for the last couple of days. Just going down to the gym and sparring with whoever was handy wasn’t doing it for him, and neither were the various static exercise machines that were down there.
For a second S’kroft favored Lestrade with a strange, almost sidelong look. Though John was concentrating on using the momentary breathing space for just that, it was impossible not to think
Sh’lok was gazing at him with the most peculiar expression. Around them the shadowy joint consciousness of the meld had gone very quiet, very still.
Mrs. Hudson pieces together a plan to return the landing party to their own universe. Dr. Lestrade complains that he’s a doctor, not an engineer. John has an unsettling chat with the ship’s computer… and a much more unsettling one with Sh’lok.
Having revealed what his Captain required, Sh’lok had spent the days that followed in exerting utmost control over himself to prevent John any further trouble… for enough more would be coming. There were irrationally angry and desperate moments in which he caught himself wishing that the condition would simply peak too soon, kill him, and spare John the necessity of further risk on his behalf. But having revealed what was the matter with him, it was too late for that. His death would hurt John, who (however illogically) would feel that what he’d done had been too little or come too late, and would blame himself. That was utterly unacceptable. Sh’lok must therefore live, and make the best of it.
vaporise as it ought to have, but it just clung there as if nothing in particular was happening. The others firing at the creatures were getting no better results.
that flared up in Sh’lok’s eyes recalled that first fierce glad flash back in the transient officers’ quarters on Earth. “The odds—”
many times now have we run into this? Exo III, Gamma Trianguli VI—” He waved one hand. ”What was the name of the Landru planet again?”
Another morning, another day, and John Watson stepped down into the Bridge to stand for a moment beside the center seat and try not to let it show that he was thinking (as he had for every one of the past ninety mornings or so),
John half-smiled, teasing at the edges of his thoughts about the mission for any loose ends. “I take it,” he said after a moment, “that the software malfunction that caused all this misery was corrected before Kara went out.”
“How very flattering,” Sh’lok said from somewhere inside the central structure. The tone was dry enough to make it plain that he wasn’t taken in by the flattery… but John noticed that Sh’lok didn’t seem to be in a rush to contradict her, either.
certainly can't forget about it! Because we wouldn’t ever normally carry this kind of tonnage of fissionables, not if
John breathed out and turned to the computer screen sitting on the desk. “Bones,” he said to Lestrade, “let’s start taking a look at the library. We’ve got a lot to learn and not a lot of time to learn it.”
John spent a good while in the Mess before coming to the conclusion that it was just barely possible that Sh’lok had actually taken him at his word and
John’s own Sh’lok would normally have demanded to know what John meant, but this one plainly had no intention of taking the bait. “I have the phaser, Captain, and I do not intend to simply disappear as so many of your opponents have in the past.” He gestured minutely toward the door with the phaser. “If you please. Sickbay.”
And that turned out to be just as well… because that was the point at which matters became unexpectedly complicated.
John gazed at that little dot, now very slowly growing, and said nothing… because no matter how much he wished he could, he couldn’t say “No.”
He nodded, and he and Sh’lok and Lestrade looked toward the screen. “Open the channel, Lieutenant,” John said. “Vulcan Space Central, this is the USS
There were of course loose ends to tie up after such a mission. In the immediate aftermath, some members of the slightly-the-worse-for-wear Security team needed to be seen in Sickbay. John made sure to spend some time  down there so they could both formally and informally debrief themselves with him, and so that he could groan with them over the bruises and bumps they’d acquired when Vanderberg’s men had jumped them and clubbed them into submission.
“Healed, no scar,” Lestrade said, still sounding absent, not bothering to look up from the padd. “No worse than that hiccup you and Bradstreet had that time with the sabers. John got lucky. Or you being off your head with Vulcan sex hormones ruins your coordination. On balance, a bit of both.” Now Lestrade glanced up at him. “What
“But the skill to remove it exists right where we are!” John said. “Restoring it must also be possible. That's why we've got to get to you as quickly as we can.”
Lestrade was carrying a small handheld control. He touched a couple of buttons on it, and Sh’lok moved forward in step with Lestrade. The other
“Captain, I am filled with admiration for bees,” Sh’lok said, “as they are fascinating creatures whose complexities not even centuries of research have fully revealed. And as regards birds, I am sure they possess many sterling qualities.” An eyeroll that said
“You have done most of the hardest work already, Doctor,” Sh’lok said. “But there’s something else of considerable importance that must be managed before this procedure will be complete and successful. I’ll leave a portion of myself tasked to confirm further connections with you, but my attention will be elsewhere, so please forgive me if our conversation is limited to that.”
Dimmock had brought up the view of the Denevan star on the main screen: something in the G range, yellow like Earth’s sun. Faintly a tiny dark speck could be seen nearing it. John turned toward the Engineering consoles. “Hudders, tractor beams?”
She nodded at the panel. “And it makes me laugh sometimes to know that the technology you stole wound up making you the great and powerful Captain Watson. I might have started that work, but
But it was at this point that another telltale began flashing on his board. Sh’lok’s eyes narrowed as he reached out to the console. “Why are you monitoring my communications, Mr. Anderson?”
No one else seemed inclined to argue with him. Everyone got up and quickly headed for the stairs. But halfway up, John’s hair stood up on the back of his neck at the sound of something moving swiftly through the air. He turned, phaser ready to fire—
“Deck five,” he said to the turbolift, and it headed there. John sighed. His ladders-only plan was going to have to wait for another day. Now he had good reason to hurry places.
It had been a while since John had had either opportunity or inclination to exercise this particular area of his expertise, but his longing to drive Sh’lok’s pleasure to far greater heights was irresistible.
John sighed. It was, he supposed, his version of Sh’lok’s “the Work”: the underlying passion to which one’s loyalties were silently sworn. And passion was the right word.
The Vulcan turned to them both. “As I suggested to you earlier, Captain, the overall path of a wave of mass insanity that has inexplicably destroyed otherwise old and stable  humanoid-related civilisations—” He half-turned again to gesture at the map on the screen with his padd’s stylus. “—follows an unusually direct path through this section of the galaxy.” He pointed at the far left of the map. “Over here, the Beta Portilin systems; a number of ancient civilisations were located in the tight star cluster there. Archaeologists have given us information indicating that the whole-world affective disruptions began there, and those civilisations all fell, secondary to what appeared to be humanoid mass extinction events, over a surprisingly short timespan.” He moved the stylus to indicate another small star cluster further along. “Then, two hundred years ago, Levinius Five was swept by mass insanity. After that, theta Cygni Twelve, early in this century.” The stylus moved again. “Finally, Ingraham B, two years ago. Nothing since… but the intervals have been growing significantly shorter each time.” Sh’lok sat staring at the screen with a now-familiar expression that John normally enjoyed when it appeared: that of a man presented with a new and tantalising puzzle.
And then the final inescapable silence fell around him, and the bottomless dark folded around him, despite all his struggles, and abolished John Watson at last.
Suddenly the light changed, dimming again in many places, but not in one. Off to one side, sprawled across the face of one long dune of gold, his hands clutching at it as if trying to keep from sliding any further, was Sh’lok.
party and the Morgs. John rolled to his knees and pushed himself up with the aid of the nearest stool, resolving never to bother with the begging approach again; it was embarrassing and (far worse) plainly ineffective. “I never felt anything like that before,” he muttered as he helped Lestrade get up, and they both helped Bradstreet. “Every nerve in my body was on fire.”
She shot him a disbelieving look. “Not by myself. Not in these circumstances! I’ll need help. And you'd be too conspicuous.”
John paused for a moment, considering where to go next, when a terrible groan of pain brought his head around. Off to their left, set into what in his own ship would have been another corridor, was a tall floor-to-ceiling booth pulsing with red-golden fire. Inside it, pinned against its back wall and gasping in anguish, was Broadstreet. In the terrible fire inside the booth he writhed and twisted like a bug on a pin.
The two groups departed. John paused in the middle of the tunnel with his back to his First Officer, hands behind his back, not quite at parade rest but close: a stance that Sh’lok should be able to read quite well by now as the sign of a slightly annoyed Captain.
“Has yet to be located by even the most cutting-edge instrumentation, Mr. Sh’lok,” John said. “I’d have to say that, going by that metric, you’re becoming more and more human all the time.”
and down to the Transporter room was really, really strong… because so many other things had gone wrong so far today. Yet at the same time he wasn’t sure what alarms it might raise, among those who were familiar with this ship’s John Watson’s movements, if he bolted from his quarters so soon after entering them. Especially when Mary had been snoozing inside them, waiting for John’s return…
The morning John received the message confirming his starting date at the Academy, he’d snatched up the bag that had been sitting packed behind his bedroom door and had been on a maglev to London within an hour. The next morning he saw the sun rise blue over Mars: the morning after that, he was ten light-years away aboard his first training vessel. He hadn’t been back to Earth except on Fleet business since. His mother kept in touch by digital messaging, her letters always sent from an encrypted messaging account via a public pay-per-use terminal. From his father he never heard a word again, and was quite content to leave it that way…
“Mr. Sh’lok—” Dimmock said from behind the Transporter console, sounding most unwilling to attract his attention, but not willing to take the chance of misstepping again.
the hell Sh’lok planned to reorganise it all when they’d finally found what they were after and were out of here. He had a feeling the regular scheduling of their chess games was going to suffer.
crew were after all well used to seeing their Captain heading back to his quarters with his shirt off (or half off, or in ribbons) after some energetic planetside adventure or sparring bout.
term taken him by surprise. It had certainly caught Dr. Hooper off guard, and even Lestrade had looked briefly unsettled.) John wasn’t quite sure what to do with that.
“Not much use for shore leave, then,” John said with a resigned look. And no question, that was a joke there, but he was starting to feel bad now about not allowing his people to exercise their usual levity. And for them to do that—  because that was part of their best functioning mode—he needed to let his out as well.
But he wasn’t. John’s First Officer rolled weakly toward him, collapsing against him, gasping in pain and shock, his eyes horribly vacant of anything but agony. All John could think of as he held the helpless Sh’lok in his arms and away from the cold stone of the paving was Clara’s eyes, glazed over with this identical anguish that Lestrade had been helpless to understand or assuage.
John Watson and trained on him in its full force, for long moments left Sh’lok drowning in utterly unaccustomed joy, and unable to think of a single thing to say.
Slowly the sky changed from the dun-gold of Vulcan’s day to a shadowy interior darkness. Slowly the fortalice turned into a great heap of shining things, symbols of the treasures of the mind all gathered together, sorted and classed and catalogued so that the master of the treasure knew where every single piece was, every coin, every jewel, every cup. And slowly the sehlat grew and broadened and lengthened, and became smooth-scaled instead of furry, and lost one set of legs to a pair of massive wings. The changed creature reared up into the darkness and spread those wings wide, and roared. At the back of its slightly open jaws a terrible fire was revealed, spilling out to illuminate scale-armour that was like tenfold shields and teeth that were swords and claws that were spears, and intimating a breath that, once breathed out on any enemy, would unquestionably be death.
would have construed such a concept as a deadly insult. Had he ever got wind of Sh’lok saying such a thing, Sh’lok would have been in the Booth or in front of a firing squad within minutes.
wants to find them!” the humanoid shouted, and braced himself against the rock, enough of the stun having worn off him that he could push up as if getting ready to run away.
Around a hundred meters in front of John, the landslides grew far more intense. Gold and silver pieces flowed like sand, as from underneath them some vast shape hunched slowly, gradually upward. Untold riches, wealth worth the price of whole kingdoms, flowed down off the long, rough shape as it rose up. The air was filled with the deafening hiss of sliding metal. John backed up a few steps to find himself more secure footing—if there was any in this place at the moment—and watched as the great shape rose.
Anderson stared as the man wearing the body that looked so like John Watson’s stopped short at the far side of the Transporter console, staring at the viewscreen that showed Halka rotating serenely below them. For a moment he froze there, and then swung around, staring at the room and plainly failing to find things there that he was expecting.
“Yes,” Sh’lok said after a moment. “I believe I already have some sensation in my arms. Please stimulate the nerve endings and observe the physical reactions, one by one. In each case, I shall tell you when the probe is correct. You will then seal using the tri-laser connector. “
When Anderson then reached out to her for all the world as if she was something he owned, or thought he did, and took her by the chin, Donovan declined to act, at least just yet, and simply stared at him.
It was a mystery. There were few things in his life that Sh’lok loved more, when his work and his duty left him time to pursue them, than mysteries. But he was not left time to pursue this one much further. His computer alerted him that a message had arrived for him from Starfleet Command.
“It’s complicated,” Sh’lok said, “yes. There are, ah, ways… in which Vulcan mind and consciousness are transferred, archived, stored… but all of them have been damaged during this process. Repair isn’t that difficult, but it will take time, and it’s time we don’t have.”
John looked at the ridiculously complex pattern of tunnels and shook his head. “Into some of these,” Sh’lok said, “a good-sized statistical sampling, I had the Transporter chief drop a spread of remotely powered sensor devices to document them visually, as our scanners were not sufficiently sensitive to provide the necessary fineness of detail for my requirements. Take a look at some of these images and tell me what you see.”
That calculating look came back into her eyes. “You're not even afraid of Starfleet Command!” she said softly. “Can your scheme bring you that much power so quickly?”
Sh’lok looked down and away. “Captain, there are some things which transcend even the discipline of the service—!”
It wasn’t a question as such. In response, the small smile got larger and turned more wicked. “Nothing I hope you will not do repeatedly in the future,” Sh’lok said. “Especially the part where you put your—”
coming here at the same time as ours, without the Halkans’ ‘intransigence’ that kept you in this neighbourhood this long, this accident would never have happened! You
John’s pulse thundered in his ears as he became aware of the magnitude of the opportunity that lay before him, open only to him of all humanity. Not so much a new path as a new, never-imagined way to walk it—in company, body and soul, forever.
From somewhere near her, Vanderberg spoke up. “Not all of them, Captain. I and some of my key personnel are staying. We'll be down to join you.”
Thanks kindly to all the sweet-natured readers who've put up with the late posting of these final chapters. If everything goes well, I expect to be posting the end of this episode within the next seven days.
A hot wind, dryly fragrant, ran over those dunes, shaping them, blowing a thin haze of sand and dust off their tops. John breathed in the scent of that wind and shivered briefly, for he would have recognised it anywhere. It was Vulcan; and it was
—when hands had touched and not pulled away. Anger flared in him, and an odd pain that he didn’t have time right now to track to its source.
Whatever the Vulcan found to say, John knew it wouldn’t be a lie. But he instantly understood the impulse that would underlie any explanation. Sh'lok had wanted to keep John safe from any taint of failure if this venture hadn’t worked out.
And the third henchman vanished too, and there stood Anderson all alone. He dropped into a half-crouch, a defensive posture, the knife up: but it was entirely reactive. He was terrified.
John snickered. “How about this?”  he said. “I think we should go down to the mess and have a meal… and then afterward start playing chess as if
“I'm aware of that, sir,” John said, “but it's of the utmost importance. You must give me permission to divert to Vulcan.”
He shivered again as adrenaline-heat flared in his blood at the thought of the danger, the challenge, in this most intimate of personal arenas to which any access would have seemed unthinkable as recently as just this morning. And then John caught himself.
Sh’lok looked perplexed. “No one knows. Also, for reasons that no one now alive understands, the Ardiri apparently began to find the presence of intellectual ability in two of their five genders distasteful… some of their cultures even claiming that intelligence in those genders was against the natural order. The genders in question were the ones that in numerous other humanoid species, in reproductive terms, map most closely onto the female and the male…”
A moment later he had flipped John over on his back and seized John’s face, his fingers gripping into the nerve-pressure points on both sides. The meld instantly tightened down into something far more intense and focused than it had been for a while, a conflagration of sensation, of sheer heat and raw ravenous want. There was nothing gentle or tentative about Sh’lok’s contact with John’s mind this time. It was keyed toward showing that it could overpower the one resisting it if it had to, if it
Lestrade was at his desk, scratching away at a padd and looking like he despaired of seeing the end of that work any time soon. When he saw Sh’lok come in, his expression suggested that of someone being rescued from torture.
John nodded. “All right, let’s go find out what it is.” He drew his phaser. “Set your weapons on force three, to kill. We're looking for some kind of creature, and we already know it will kill.”
John thought as he dove into the turbolift. “Sickbay,” he said, shivering all over with the feeling that there was something profoundly wrong about all this.
John could think of a few things he might say about that, but for the moment he let it go, looking around at the bleak but beautiful landscape. “It's lovely,” he murmured. “I just wish the breeze was cooler.”
is threatened with destruction and Captain Watson is rocked by personal tragedy when the ship’s mission to investigate a creeping wave of interstellar insanity reveals an insidious and deadly alien menace infesting the outpost world of Deneva. Watson must find a way to stop the spread of the invaders without also wiping out millions of innocent Denevans. But testing the only weapon capable of saving the planet may require a sacrifice John dreads and must still find the strength to make: his First Officer…
