in the lab, and Miss Friday had thought Tony was still in there, and now she was in hospital, in a coma, barely breathing, probably going to die, and everyone thought it was his fault.
'That's the spirit,' Tony said, laughing, even as his fingers closed around his ribbon, a reminder. Last year he'd gotten so drunk at the celebrations he'd nearly set himself on fire trying to set off a firework and Steve had been forced to give him a dunking in the horse trough before taking him to the jail to sleep it off. He hoped he'd be okay. Maybe he could persuade him to stay home this year.
'Sir, you know the Captain,' Jarvis said gently. 'You know his character.'
'Well,' Steve said, eventually. 'It's meant to be bad luck to break the tradition.'
But there hadn't been anyone else to ask. And he wouldn't let her down. He would be back soon, even though it had already been half an hour. How had it taken him half an hour? The store was only a ten minute walk, if that. Where was he? Why wasn't he back yet?
Steve went to agree, realised his throat had completely dried up, and nodded.
'I know, I saw,' his dad said, and pulled Peter into a tight hug. He was smiling as much as Peter was. At least he appreciated how cool this was. A few days ago, Peter would never,
'Huh? Tony!'
Every other week, when he was allowed visitors, Steve came. Eleven AM on the dot, he would be sitting and waiting, and ask the same question: 'So, how are you doing?'. He was the one that persuaded Tony to use the therapy. They both agreed Peter should not come visit, but the little boy wrote to Tony every day without fail. Sometimes the letters were about science, or about something interesting he'd found out, or what he and Steve had been doing. Once it was the entire script of
'Okay, fine. But you have to help me with the wristbands. Truthfully!'
In the end, the fight was over in seconds.
come to dinner with me on Saturday.' Steve's feelings obviously showed on his face, because Stark's smirk widened and he continued. 'Oh, don't worry, Princess. I'll be on my best behaviour. You can tell your Pop I'll have you home by curfew.'
A summer job in the florists was great, so long as certain people at school did not find out. Being physically small and unimposing, Steve was already considered an effeminate joke. And yes, Steve
‘I’m not Captain America any more.’
'I watched
But Tony could
‘But they’re so invasive.’
Tony's heavy, giddy head snapped up. He knew that voice, even if he knew it best from orders in the field, even if it usually called him 'Iron Man' or 'Stark', even if the only time it was 'Tony' was times like this, incognito in public, because 'Tony' and 'Steve' were surprisingly ordinary names that wouldn't draw nearly as much attention from passers by – it was Cap. And Tony had never been so happy to see him.
And the haunted look in his eyes was enough to convince Tony that Osborn was, for once, being sincere.
(‘Tony was abroad with his parents,’ Bucky would say. ‘The two of them tragically separated before they could even admit how horny they were for each other.’)
'We can hear you!' Bucky cried. 'Okay?! We can
'If you have something you need to do, it's okay,' Steve said, trying to ignore the despair welling up in him. He couldn't imagine anything much more miserable than having to lose Tony again straight after three weeks apart, at 9PM on Christmas Eve; but it came with the territory of being in a relationship with a man who was both a super hero and the owner of the largest corporation in the United States. Steve kept his eyes firmly fixed on the tree, trying not to let his disappointment show.
Of course, it was only a moment after his awkward statement that the bald guy pulled the trigger on his own gun. The bullet would have landed on Peter if it weren’t for the fact that Peter had been ready for it. He’d brought his webshooters, and he shot web up to the rafters before the dude could even fire. He jumped up out of harm’s way, using the web to pull himself higher. As he dropped back down, he swung down towards the thug and kicked the gun out of his hand. Unfortunately, the girl had gained her presence of mind by then and was shooting at him. The bullets were fairly easy for Peter to avoid—
. She might not have loved me the same way she loved you, she might not have shared my DNA, hell she might not have even
“Are you sure you’re not going to just—you know—turn
like Steve, not in
(relevant to the story):
“I’m not,” Kate said. “I’m answering the door for the trick-or-treaters. Francis is coming over to help. He’s a zombie. Why don’t you put something on and come downstairs and help with us?”
sessions. The real trouble’s outside. Save your strength. If you were sloppy enough to get hit in the head by one of these things—“ James held up one of the little metal orbs that flew around the room and shot tiny lasers out of an eye (a Star Wars influence, Tony had no doubt) at them, “—then you’re tired or you’re distracted or both. The goal isn’t to exhaust everyone. We just need to learn to work as a team. And I think we’re getting better.” James shrugged. “I guess we’ll find out soon enough.” He pointed to a green sterilite bin in the corner. “First Aid’s over there.” Apparently unconcerned after that, James headed out of the room, leaving Tony—of course—with Steve. The thing of it was, Tony couldn’t exactly scramble to get up and away from Steve. Not that he didn’t
me,” mature Tony had replied coolly. “I do not inherently trust you or any of the other Alternates—let’s clear that up quickly. Trust must be earned, and while you have so far done nothing to
“But I
“Because the other guys had Stark weapons.”
“How did you manage this?” Tony asked, baffled. If the kid was right on the specs, he’d just invented a complex compound out of organic chemistry…in his bedroom. Granted, he had more access to tools and equipment than the average kid, but this was just ridiculous. Peter just shrugged.
. There was another leak, and they had to take care of whatever had fallen through. Of course,
. She loves me enough that her ‘time’ with me was while I was at school, and the summers were to give my
“Everything ok?” Tony asked. 525 Tony turned to her, something in his eyes. At the time, at that moment, Tony assumed her double was homesick. With hindsight, she wondered if it was regret, regret for the things he knew they were going to do, reluctance to go through with their plan. She wondered if he was about to warn her. But after a brief second, 525 Tony turned on the charming smile again.
“Thank you, JARVIS,” 3490 Steve said as 3490 Tony cursed him as a traitor under her breath. “
to quit your shaking, James. Didn’t your father ever teach you to be brave in the face of danger?” he asked.
The door was open, Bruce registered that in the deep part of his mind that he was doing his best to suppress. It was his instinctual side, the side that always woke The Other Guy. Bruce couldn’t let that take over. He couldn’t think about the shouts and the shots going off just feet away. If he did, he would transform, and if he transformed, James was dead. Instead, Bruce concentrated on the job at hand and
“Have you looked at your skin under a microscope?” Tony asked.
“I am not certain I feel comfortable fighting against such young Midgardians,” Thor admitted, looking worried. “I am concerned about accidentally harming one of them.”
Now, Tony did not believe that was
“I’m not asking you to feel better, knowing that we’ll get them,” Natasha said honestly, “I’m asking you not to rush headlong into shit too deep for you to handle.” She stood and kissed the top of his head. “Get some rest, Rogers.”
Steve had not taught him love. Steve had tried. But somewhere along the way, amidst all the lectures, the
“That’s not the central idea behind the Avengers and you know it,” Dad said sternly. “What are you doing here?”
of the fucking in the form of children who share obvious traits of both parents. But that universe is not labeled 199999. Are we done now?”
Peter knew that, up against Alt Natasha, while he still stood a chance, they were probably
“Then what is it?” Tony asked.
“What is it, Tony?” he asked.
“If you’re going to reject me Barton, I’d prefer you do it outright!” Steve heard angry footsteps, so he started heading towards the hall, figuring she was leaving in the other direction, the direction of her room. Francis was calling after her.
“So,” Peter said slowly. He looked over at their dad. “I think my leg is still kind of weak.”
“Yeah.”
“When does
“Nintendo. Put that on your list.”
understand. Mom’s hands fell away from his shoulders and she went back to sit down on the couch, putting her head in her hands like this was immensely difficult for her. Peter looked to Dad. He couldn’t lie. He felt hurt. He felt
“What—whatever you need,” Tony agreed. Steve nodded.
Only Option C did not involve James getting shot repeatedly by a sniper overhead, but unfortunately James also did not place much faith in Option C. SHIELD was impressive, but SHIELD was in disarray—not only was their fearless leader dead and gone, but if the world outside was anything like what Dad had reported, well, James knew they’d be running around like chickens with their heads cut off. James weighed his options, growing more and more tense. He didn’t like any of them, but if he waited too long the choice would be made for him. Damn, he never should have let that guy get the high ground. Hindsight.
Natasha was busy fighting their flank. They were crawling in through the great hall now, and Kate felt a rock settle in her gut. They’d counted on their friends at the front of the castle causing enough of a diversion, but Hydra clearly hadn’t fallen for it.
Tony looked over at Vision, sitting on the couch and staring off into space. His clothes looked itchy and he sat as if someone was forcing his back to stay straight. Tony had seen him outside Wanda’s old room on more than one occasion.
The rink was fixed and back in working condition but the place was closed down and the waiting area was never fixed up. Tony had thought of it as a fun project, something to share with Steve once he got back. It was a shame that Tony wasn’t close to finished.
An explosion reverberated through the ground and it nearly threw Tony onto his back. His fists clenched so hard that his fingernails cut into his palm, little red moons formed on the roughened skin.
"I-yeah. Anytime? I mean, it's not like I was gonna say it was bad. Okay, that makes it seem like I was only being nice. Seriously, it was amazing. And see? Now I sort of sound like a pushover." Tony held his breath, waiting for Steve hands to move from where they had settled, one clutching the edge of his jacket and one curled around Tony's side.
“They have the mind stone in their possession, whoever these aliens are, and they haven’t used it. They must have a bigger plan, so I need you all to put your minds together and figure this out. I’ve contacted every super powered person that’s known to this world, so you’re probably going to be meeting some new faces.” Fury stated as Steve looked down at all the files they had strewn over the table. Tony was sitting across from him, flipping through the pages of files they had on Asgard.
“I could have handled things better but it’s been a long day.” Tony looked down at his hands laced together around the drink Rhodey had handed him, his fingers twitching rhythmically.
“I’m certainly better than you.” Steve teased, extending his hand to Tony who eyed him skeptically in return. Tony realized belatedly that there was no way he could get on the ice without Steve’s help and so he took Steve’s hand and clambered onto the ice.
was odd. But fighting a crazy purple dude wasn’t exactly in the spectrum of normal.
“Steve?” He nudged Steve’s shoulder, wanting a glimpse of the blue sky he no longer found above him. “Don’t you dare die on me, you stupid idiot.”
He heard the crack of the knuckles more than felt them smash into his cheek. He blinked several times, raising his hand to his pulsing cheekbone. The pain was beginning to make itself present, and Tony noticed that the chatter had died down in the room. The tension was beginning to grow and Tony heard a few people step forward.
“You’re cheesier than….well cheese.” Tony sat down beside Steve with a sigh. “I still would have enjoyed a heads up. Although, it was a pleasant surprise.” Tony removed his sneakers and stuffed his feet into the skates.
Steve still felt a rush of gratitude nonetheless, and he pulled Tony back towards himself once he was within arm’s reach. “Thank you.” He buried a soft kiss in Tony’s hair.
Steve huffed a laugh. “No need.” He picked up a blanket sitting on the armrest and draped it over them before scooting closer to Tony and wrapping an arm around him. Tony set his cup of coffee aside and burrowed closer in response. His head fell against Steve’s chest.
Tony picked up a handful of ice from behind himself and reached forward to push it into Steve’s hair and Steve just watched him, unresisting. Steve’s eyes crinkled and Tony pushed the corners of his mouth skyward with his ice-covered hands. “I hope you have thoroughly enjoyed yourself.” Tony said with a laugh, leaning back and dusting off his hands. There was light from the road and Tony turned his head. He could recognize that car anywhere.
Tony knew that he probably could have reacted better than he did. He probably shouldn’t have just stood there, meeting Steve’s gaze with complete silence. When he imagined it in his head, he was either shouting out all his anger or listening to Steve explain himself while remaining cool and level headed.
night.” Tony stated, punctuating his words and looking up at Steve who seemed at least fairly amused. “Nothing is wrong. The world is rainbows and cupcakes. Actually, not cupcakes, what am I saying. Just cakes, I’m not wasting my time with less dessert than I could have. That’s inhumane, an abomination on a smaller scale. A small but important scale. Cupcakes are like children’s food, if you really stop to think about it, I mean, seriously-” Tony paused when Steve shook his head, all kind eyes and contained laughs.
And Vision still hadn’t opened his eyes. Tony checked for a pulse and he wasn’t able to hear his synthetic heart beating.
"Absolutely not. I'm not done yet." Steve pulled his sketchbook away, giving Tony a scolding look.
“I missed you too.” Steve told him in that soft tone Tony liked to think was reserved just for him. Tony idly stroked his thumbs up and down Steve’s cheekbones.
Steve smiled sadly, as if he was already expecting that answer, and then he turned and left without another word. Tony stared down at the shield and thought of betrayal that he had been trying to avoid. He tried very hard, once Steve was gone, to let it in and let it go. He thought it might be working, because he felt lighter.
Once he had a steaming mug of fresh coffee in his hand he went over to the living area to find his teammates sprawled on the couches, intently watching the movie on the screen. Steve spotted Tony sitting on the couch furthest from the television, and when Steve realized why he felt warmth bloom in his chest. His boyfriend would never admit it but he was a softy.
“It has been a long day.” Tony was his only admittance, even though his jaw felt like it was on fire when he cracked a smile. “Have you been giving these people crazy amounts of alcohol?”
“There you are!” Tony grinned, his bright teeth making an appearance, before gesturing him over. “You’re late.” Tony’s pointed out, his smile turning into a frown, but it wasn’t genuine and Steve leaned down to kiss it off his lips before sitting down beside him. He ignored Clint’s groan from the other couch.
Tony waved him off, glancing back just once more as he left. Steve always had a knack for reading his mind and that would explain why he was smiling comfortingly.
Tony gestured to the edge of the room where a shield sat, ready and waiting. Steve shot Tony an exasperated look, but went over and picked up the shield regardless with a goofy smile. “‘Nomad’s Frisbee’? Nice touch.”
Tony had once said he found his blush endearing and adorable and that had only served to make Steve’s face grow hotter at the time.
“No.” It wasn’t harsh or rude even, but definite and not leaving room for discussion. Which by Steve standards meant it was definitely going to be discussed anyway.
“I’m alright.” Vision started, his words slow but sure. He nodded, his lips almost forming a smile, but that was short lived as it faded before it had even appeared. Vision looked at each of them in turn, his face grim. “But the Earth isn’t.”
He still didn’t like space all that much, but nobody really knew about his PTSD anyway.
His teammates were all around, each fighting an impossible battle. Tony knew full well only one mattered.
Rhodey approached him once he entered the kitchen, still struggling with walking. Not as much as he had a couple weeks prior, but his movements were still less than graceful. He didn’t utter a word but there was an unspoken question hanging in the air.
Steve rolled his eyes from his place in the kitchen. He was leaning against the island, watching the screen and keeping an eye on Tony’s coffee. Tony had a growing fear that a ninja was after his coffee and Steve was on watch because Tony “couldn’t let Clint’s ego go unchecked”. Steve was pretty sure the ninja was just Natasha.
Tony tried to memorize the exact blue of Steve’s eyes. The perfect golden hue of his hair in the moonlit room. The way the muscles in his back rippled underneath his feather-light touch. The shift in his expression when he was just raw pleasure and nothing else.
Steve looked a little puzzled. “What?” He asked, pushing his hair down from where it was beginning to stick up. Tony noticed that his hood had fallen down and realized his own hood must have fallen down too. It was a good thing that the skating rink was so dark.
Steve didn’t look back at him, his eyes anywhere else. “So you want to really talk now? About everything?”
“Sure you know what you’re doing?” Tony asked, his voice nearly inaudible, but he knew Steve’s hearing could pick up on it. His eyes flickered down to Steve’s lips. So close and yet they felt unreachable.
“Well now that you’ve got the hang of things…” Steve trailed off and Tony quickly shook his head vigorously. Tony grasped Steve’s wrist in a death hold. He wasn’t about to lose an unfair fight.
Tony looked up, setting his jaw. He couldn’t just sit back, if only for Wanda’s sake. “Sorry.” He whispered, surging forward to put the jewel in the place of the old stone.
“This won’t last and you know it. Better a contained reaction than one we can’t control.” Steve was trying to reason, Tony could see that. But he could also see his fraying patience.
“Vision was always a risk. I mean, when we first created him, Bruce and I were still fresh off building Ultron. I was doubting everything but we knew that this, this would work. We knew it would change the tides and it did. You doubted us then too.” Tony attempted to stand up, biting back a groan. He decided against it, one hand coming up to fiddle with his bandages. His head had seen better times.
“Should I have brought a suit?” Tony glanced down at his ratty old jeans and beaten up AC/DC t-shirt. He was fairly certain there was motor oil in his overgrown hair.
Pepper Potts had been happy with her crazy life. She had been happy with what she had. She had never envisioned the possibility that she could have
Less encouraging was the sky, which appeared to be turning into outer space at a rapid rate now. Was the earth losing its atmosphere? Or was space simply converging onto where they were? Or was it something else entirely? Tony had no idea, and though he wanted to find out, he had no desire to get up close and personal with it at present.
,” Jane said, sounding more and more upset. Thor put a soothing hand to her back.
. He doesn’t want to see me. I’m a reminder that not everything in his life is
, it really was a compelling series. She slid out from behind Bruce’s desk.
“—stronger than this—“
The Red Skull just laughed, and, yeah, Steve admitted to himself again, there really was no reasoning with crazy.
. But one thing I could never believe of you is you being a
“Going in where?” Steve found himself saying. He knew he should be clapping his boy on the back for his accomplishments. He knew he should be giving him a speech about how proud he was, about how good a man James was growing to be—but only one thought dominated his brain:
“Thanks,” Peter muttered.
“Stark, what the
that it was true. So every time he walked into Tony’s mansion, he tensed a little, waiting for everything to go sour. It always did. He wasn’t free of blame, and he knew that. Sometimes when he got mad at his father, it was unjustified. But
. Oh, this was just shameful.
save the world. He
“Oh, so there are placement tests now? Where was the placement test three years ago when I showed up?” a girl Peter vaguely recognized as Jeanne Foucault, or the girl Kate most often referred to as “that bitch Jeanne Foucault”, demanded.
this is keeping from me information that
“Do these canisters look big enough for silly string?” Peter asked, an eyebrow raised.
universe. “Are you working with someone else? Has someone mastered teleportation and
conundrum. No one had felt particularly bad about killing off the Chitauri—how sentient
Avengers? All she could see was 525 Steve and 525 Natasha beating on Steve—what about everyone else? Why was no one helping him?
, because he’d
It was torture.
. Like you don’t care what we would feel if you were gone! Like it’s more important to you to go be a superhero than it is to be
“Do we
Adam Aaronson Machine Teen
fine—I was this close to nailing Barton’s ass for pulling an arrow on you.” Tony just laughed weakly.
he’d said all those years ago. And that was the end of it. They never brought up what had happened. And it had hung between them for years, the untouchable subject, the elephant in the room. But what could either of them say, really? Nothing could really cover it all.
. You don’t have to get shot at more than the other guys just because you’re a little faster and stronger,” Kate said. James shook his head.
“Kate! There’s a window!” Alt Steve called out. Kate rushed over just as Alt Steve kicked the window in.
“Have to say I know the feeling,” he said. They shared a knowing glance. It was strange to have someone to commiserate with on the subject. Tony had felt that way about Pepper. And then he
“I release you from your responsibility,” Peter said, waving him off. Tony turned to go and opened the door. “Hey, uh, Tony?” Tony turned back around. The kid offered him a tiny grin and shook the bottle. “Thanks.”
such as yourselves would need a basic evaluation before they throw you into the field. I mean, you didn’t even know there were other universes before you stepped in here by accident—what
something about his situation. It was wrong, he knew. It was wrong to want to snap somebody’s neck for everything that had happened. But he couldn’t help but feel it. He felt anger and resentment and grief. He did not feel guilt. Words, old words, rang in his ears, painful now for the truth he was dangerously teetering towards:
“Please, for the love of God, do not call me that even as a joke,” Tony said, wrinkling his nose.
got what he wanted.
They’d run to his side and he’d smiled and reached out a hand. He’d kissed Peter on the top of his head, he’d tucked a lock of Kate’s long black hair behind her ear.
“No, no, I’m looking for my sister,” James said, shaking his head. The girl rolled her eyes.
on one of the command computers. Most of them were unnecessary anyway. Alas, the choice was taken from her. Nick Fury spoke.
keep it together. He felt full to bursting with emotion, like if he didn’t do
. He hardly heard the gasps and shrieks around him as he first shoved people and then drew attention to the armed woman. He had no choice but to take her down from her front, and she struggled as Steve pinned her arm to her own chest and began to wrench the gun from her grasp. But the woman was strong, stronger than Steve had anticipated, and for half a second she wrested her arm and the gun away from his grasp. He heard it go off, heard the crowd screaming, but his one and only focus was to disarm the woman, which he managed after a few more seconds, at which point Natasha showed up, a pair of handcuffs at the ready. Her face was white, which Steve didn’t understand. Natasha always kept a cooler head in a crisis than even he did—but that was when he noticed the blood. Natasha cuffed the woman, but there was blood on the floor. It took a minute for it to register with Steve, but he concluded that the only way there could be blood in that particular spot on the floor was if it came from
dinner that either parent began to truly get concerned.
Steve caught his double giving Tony a mutinous glare. Their interaction always intrigued Steve. It reminded him very little of his own first encounters with Tony. Sure, they had argued and gotten on one another’s nerves, but this Tony and Steve attacked one another with an unprecedented vicious nature. They aimed for the jugular every time, with no thought to the damage they would leave in their wake. Other Tony was not ribbing Other Steve—he was insulting him, waiting for him to take the bait and come at him. Other Steve, of course, did nothing but glare. Steve just raised an eyebrow.
going through? You know what
“Well
. But Pepper had seen the light. Pepper had seen
“You will when you go there,” MCU Fury clarified. “The thing that’s out of place—that’s what you want.”
. “—and we decided that it was James’ story to divulge if he wished, or not. And when you were young—” His father hesitated and took a breath. “—kids should feel safe. Protected. If we’d told you—reminded you, really—that villains broke into our home and would have hurt you, if we’d told you that—what very nearly happened to James… We doubted you’d really feel safe at home again. Even with us. So we kept quiet. But I think you’re old enough to understand.”
“Half-brother,” Peter grumbled, and wow if Tony didn’t sense a whole heap of resentment off of that one tiny correction.
“You’re drunk,” he said.
“You have a very limited concept of ‘fun’,” Tony retorted. “All right, fine, so I need to get you a
“No, you ridiculous man, I think you might sleep better once those nightmares disappear,” she said. “But, sure, go ahead and read the worst in what I say if it pleases you.” Other Steve had the decency to look guilty at that.
“Yeah. Me too.”
“Did you turn your comm off?” James asked.
“Kid, yeah, oldest one. Francis Barton. Nice to meet you! Wow, isn’t it crazy to see you? You have
“Well, Tony, when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much,” Antonella began sarcastically, not deigning his answer with a real response.
James froze and looked at her. He put the sandwich down. “I remember Mom grabbing my hand and rushing us out the back door. I remember watching smoke seep out the open windows and the chimney—that’s when we ran for it. I remember tripping and skinning my knees on the pavement. I was a little more fragile then. I remember Francis was panicking because you weren’t there and we were running anyway. Mom was crying.” Torrun looked James in the eyes. “I don’t trust Alts either.” James looked back down at his sandwich.
by surprise if you don’t go now. Go,” James said, weakly shoving at Peter’s hands. Peter stared down at his brother disbelieving. They both knew, though neither could say it, that if Peter were to leave now James would die. If the injuries didn’t kill him, the AIM agents almost certainly would.
“The pictures were beautiful,” he said quietly while her back was still turned. Tony felt a pang of sympathy for this Steve again. She wasn’t naïve enough to think that she was Steve’s One True Love, his only soul mate in this universe and every universe—hell, she
Steve could remember worrying in that moment. He could remember sudden panic gripping him—had he said too much? He had just told Tony, essentially, that he pictured them growing old together. That wasn’t something someone said lightly, and there was commitment implied there. A lot of commitment. But Tony hardly seemed to notice. She laughed.
“Then we must defeat them in battle,” Thor insisted, “before they best us with their trickery.”
“Jane told me it was custom to raise your hand in response to questions in a classroom setting,” Thor informed them, looking confused.
“No, they’re the only professionals,” Tony disagreed. “The others are…amateurs. So far.”
“I didn’t mean it how it must have sounded,” Steve said. He was surprised by how much effort it took to speak.
“If the boot fits…” he trailed off, that familiar wicked glint in his eye. Only Clint would be so bold as to tease the Commander of the 3490 universe. Everyone else in her universe, and rightly so, was a little wary of him.
for a minute or two,” Fury responded, matching Steve’s anger with his own. “I have been doing
of what they’ve seen, and that includes several other universes, innumerable super villains, and fairly regular alien attacks to name just a
“Two years, ma’am,” he said tightly.
?” Peter asked, wide-eyed. “You could hurt somebody with these.” The bald guy muttered something that sounded to Peter vaguely like,
I wanted and shipped me off to boarding school
and we all make
to yelling at you and telling you to sleep in your own bed like we’d been begging you to for weeks. But you snuggled up next to me, sniffling, and I knew that would only make everything worse. It would make me no better than—well. My father wasn’t a model parent as you know. And if I just ignored your problem and told you to get over it, it would only make everything a thousand times worse. You really
“If he doesn’t, then he’s dead either way. Get me Billy,” Bruce said. Azari nodded and took off. Mere instants later, Bill appeared next to him.
“…No,” Tony admitted. “Not unless…not unless I had some assurance that there was no way they could
“Oh,” Steve said, blinking a bit. “Right. I mean, I am a super soldier, I could really spend all day in here—that could be believable.”
Chapter 77: Friday, December 23, 2016
wasn’t compromised in some way, if she was delaying action out of affection for the Commander, or out of concern for his personal welfare. Natasha flicked her eyes briefly to James (
“Of course,” Steve replied, speaking for the team. He could tell that no one would protest—the 3490 Avengers could sleep, and the MCU Avengers could figure out their next steps in the mean time. 3490 Steve just nodded, and then disappeared down the hall. His team followed.
“Nothing,” Steve replied. He took a bite out of his sandwich and started putting things back in the fridge—Tony was finished with his sandwich, too—he’d only put swiss cheese with the pastrami.
“Ok but Lucky was here for two years before they moved. He’s practically our dog, too.”
“It’ll take a lot more than a little bullet to take me down,” he said with much more confidence than he really felt. After all, it was a bullet that had taken down Bucky with ease, and he was no greater a man than him. “What’d you stick around for?”
James had been surprised when they didn’t just up and leave instantly; but as they’d debriefed at the old bunker, the MCU Avengers had all exchanged glances with one another when asked if they were headed home now. James didn’t think they’d spoken about it beforehand, but they seemed to be on the same page regardless.
“Waiting for you, of course. I knew you wouldn’t stay in bed. I knew you couldn’t resist the allure of Tony’s tech. And I assure you, I’m certain she’ll show you anything you want to see—when she wakes up. And if she chooses to give you an all access pass so you can tinker? That’s her call. Until then, I’m here to tell you that there will be no hacking into my wife’s programming systems and breaking into her lab on my watch,” 3490 Steve said. He still looked like this was all a grand joke, which it probably was to him.
? Tony!”
“We’re
“I don’t recall anyone sticking a hypo in my neck,” Steve said steadily. He was afraid he was about to talk Tony down from a cliff of panic. Tony paced the room quickly, looking deep in thought and deeply disturbed.
. Tony felt a sting—Steve liked his double better than him.
“Kate…” Peter tried to put a hand on her shoulder too, to reign in the confrontation. She knew what he had to say.
Everything would be ok, he said.
“I’m not handing you anything, really, you’re just passing something to yourself. Go on, take it,” she said. Puzzled, Tony did. He frowned at it.
Henry Pym
“I—“ he had tried to kill her, but Tony found herself faltering. How could she kill this broken man? What had happened to him to make him this way? How could she kill someone who had dropped all defenses, who refused to fight back, who begged for death? 525 Tony seemed to sense her thoughts. Or perhaps he could just read her body language, could see the weakening of her stance and the lowering of her arm. He sighed.
The other man was different. He was Clint’s age, but he didn’t look quite the same as Clint. Most of the others were exact replicas, but Clint could pick out a few differences even from a distance. He was a touch taller. His hair was longer, and more of a golden-blonde than Clint’s own dish-water color, and his eyes were a brighter shade of blue. Even in his tux, he looked roughed up—his hands were covered in white tape, and there were a few healing cuts on his face. He reached the table, looking amused.
“One, now we know what they
“Tony, is that honestly what you think?” Steve asked in astonishment.
Steve had never been inside 3490 Tony’s lab—he didn’t think any of the 199999 Avengers had (much to Tony’s consternation). But he gathered his courage and headed to the door that he knew led to the basement, reached out, and knocked.
. Do you understand what that means? Do you comprehend my full meaning? I have had twenty years you have not had to work on my technology. I have a modified Extremis virus that fundamentally rewired my DNA—and no, I’m not explaining it. If I let you in that lab you could either accidentally kill yourself, screw up my stuff, or create technology that you have not yet earned the right to. And believe me, that last one? It will kill you as sure as screwing with my Extremis virus would. So stay
“Blue is on time,” Kate said, muting her mic. “So far, we’re according to plan. Doesn’t seem Hydra has detected either of us yet, but be on your guards. Just like we planned—Iron Man, Thor, you stay here with your Bruce and Barton, and when you see the signal, you fly them out and you crush the Hydra forces from the right.”
, who I
“Is it nudes?” Tony said. Yeah, he’d definitely seen the blush. “Tell me it’s nudes. Tell me it’s
. If you were in her place, and you had vulnerable kids at home, would you
“FROST GIANTS!” Torrun yelled.
He had to
found herself increasingly acting as such. Just as at this moment, when she stared down rows upon rows of soldiers in unrecognizable armor, shooting with almost incomprehensible weapons. Were they aliens? Humans from the future?
it. Kate had her father’s genetics. Kate was ridiculously intelligent. But more importantly, Kate was selfish.
“What do you need?” Coulson asked. The waiters arrived with their dinners, so it was a few moments before Clint responded, once the staff had cleared.
“Uh-huh,” Peter said, and then disappeared once more.
—so my double clearly has tech that works at a microscopic level. Well. I went out to a bar. I guess she got worried and decided to look me up and check in—thing of it is, I didn’t have my phone on me. I checked my clothes—nothing. I slit open the credit card she gave me, but there was no unusual tech inside and I hadn’t swiped it once that evening. So either she managed to track my movements through a ridiculous number of cameras across several hours’ timeframe in a matter of seconds, or she’s got trackers inside of us, and fuck knows what else,” Tony said. He took a chicken salad sandwich and bit into it. Steve sipped at his sprite. The others followed suit fairly well, keeping up their picnic cover despite the situation.
“Optimism probably isn’t the answer to that question,” Clint said gravely.
“Why would you do that?”
“Oh really? With Kate? Name once,” 3490 Tony scoffed. 3490 Steve didn’t answer. “That’s what I thought. She’s your Bonnie Blue Butler, Steve, and you know it.” The 3490 couple were unaware of it, but the rest of the room was feeling a tad bit uncomfortable, as though they were intruding on a private family matter. As a result, they attempted to make small talk as the couple argued, trying to stay out of their conversation. But no one was really paying attention to their own conversations. The weather in this new universe wasn’t
“No, I guess not. Dumb question,” he said.
how. They had to figure out a way out of this position they were in, and this would be a good start. As he walked forward, Kate grabbed his wrist, stopping him. HE looked at her curiously, and she stared back at him fiercely with her blue eyes.
. How many times have I babysat for you guys? How many times has
As ever guys thanks for reading!
“It’s only been two years for you, right?” she asked. Alt Steve looked at her from the corner of his eye.
Tony had no idea if Steve was even still alive, but she would be damned if 525 touched a hair on her children’s heads.
“Well, good,” Steve said. “Because I think I do.”
“So, if you don’t know your designation, how in the hell did you end up here?” Tony asked, bringing up the universal database on the helicarrier. She hadn’t come up with it on her own by any means—Reed had helped. He was crazy and half of his inventions blew up in his face, but occasionally he was useful. Bruce had also leant a hand, as had Jane Foster, and they had collaborated with their doubles in various other universes to come up with an algorithm for predicting the universe designation of a person based on enzymes in the blood which were specific to that particular space-time. It wasn’t easy work, but the sooner that Tony knew their designation, the sooner she could send them on their way and out of her hair.
,” Tony pointed out. They were almost to the conference room.
to you and then—I just lost it. And even after all that, before I could even apologize, he just—he just
“I think it’s testament to how little he trusts me now that he asked
“Nice work everyone,” James said through the comms. “Hopefully we won’t have another breach open for at least—oh, ten minutes.”
“—still weird,” Kate said, shuddering as Torrun returned her attention to the conversation at hand.
“Sorry,” Peter said, not knowing what else to say. "Where d'you think I should put her?"
usually my job, isn’t it?” he said. “I guess I just—I’m so used to our home being
Chapter 63: Saturday, December 3, 2016
for the things that Tony enjoyed, and his enthusiasm made him even more brilliant. He
“Oh. Right. Woops,” he said. He started to get to his feet, and swayed. Steve grabbed his arm and sat him back down.
. I didn’t mean—can I—I mean, is there anything I can do? Right now? For you? That’s all I wanted. To help. I’m
. He’d planned to go skateboarding after school as he often did, but now he just wasn’t able. He sat on the subway, looking at the empty seat next to him. He’d just lay down for a minute.
“I am troubled,” Thor admitted. “There is much here that we do not know, much that we do not understand.”
One right, two lefts, another right and he was there—and ran straight into 3490 Steve, who was leaning casually against the wall next to the lock. He saw Tony and one side of his mouth curled upwards.
“You really need to learn to fight without the armor, Tony,” Steve said, pensive. “As soon as your armor was out she
“And if
“He thinks they tore their way here. Ripped a hole in both of our universes to get here. No confirmation yet,” Bruce said. “He said that would take a while.” Tony gripped the desk hard, until her knuckles turned white.
“I know you love me. I love you. I just wish I’d known—what
, largely just teenagers who couldn’t even get a New York driver’s license yet. He didn’t want to think about it, because he didn’t want to know what that meant their
But today he still found himself drawing Tony, almost absently, and despite the fact that Tony was not in sight. There was just something…magnetic about the man, Steve thought. Something intangible but compelling.
“That’s…huh. That’s a sheer surface. Interesting,” he said.
“If we run they’ll
for the past week. She hadn’t been able to quite put her finger on it, but she hadn’t felt exactly herself. At first, she thought that the stress of being Director was finally getting to her, or that Peter’s new powers or Kate’s problems were finally driving her over the edge—but that really wasn’t it. It was more of a
“We could have gone and done something else for the day,” Dad said. “I don’t think Peter’s having a blast either.”
If his goal was to throw her off, Tony had to admit that it had worked. She couldn’t spend long thinking about this—there were more important fights to fight than against just this one double.
“Thanks,” Peter whispered quietly to Kate. “What was their problem?”
“Not in an official capacity but his input is always taken into heavy consideration. Commander Rogers is in charge of all Superhuman task forces,” Tony replied. “It’s a large job, to put it mildly.”
“Gwen! Gwen, would you mind—just stand in front of the spiders for a second? I need one with a student in it,” Peter explained. It was sort of true. It was
“No. No,” he said, doing his best to play it off as nothing. His dad still regarded him a bit suspiciously, but thankfully let it go.
“Thank you, Maria,” Tony said. Maria nodded curtly and then walked away, presumably to complete more important tasks than fetching people and blood kits. Tony opened up the red box and fished out a needle and a tie. She turned to look at the incompetent set of Alts, none of whom seemed to have settled on what to do with themselves just yet. “All right, who wants to get stabbed in the arm in the name of science?” Tony set her gaze on Steve. “How about you? You’ve never seemed to have any qualms about that, Mister Nearly-Died-For-A-Government-Experiment-In-A-Basement-In-Brooklyn.” Steve’s jaw set and his eyes narrowed. He was obviously gearing up for a fight, and the hostility in his glare puzzled Tony.
Steve just kept staring at her, his heart in his throat. It wasn’t real. She wasn’t real. None of this was happening. He gripped the edges of the pulpit, his hands trembling. He wanted this too desperately for it to be real. This was a dream within a nightmare—he’d wake soon.
“I did! I do! Give me two seconds,” Tony said. She turned back to Dum-E with the iron. His hand whirred again, but only moments later she pulled away and closed the flap with a satisfying snap. She took a screwdriver to put the panel back in place. “No more smoothies, Dum-E.” The little bot whirred again and wheeled away. James gave the bot a pat as it passed him.
“Steve, get back in the car,” Tony said. “If you get spotted—”
It was probably a testament to 3490 Tony Stark’s composure that no one realized anything was wrong until dinner; though it could have also been a testament to just how long she’d spent in the lab that day, away from everyone. Nevertheless, Steve hadn’t suspected a thing was amiss with the 3490 family—aside from the obvious—until they all sat down at the table and his double was conspicuously absent.
“Immature?”
, if only so the kids couldn’t use him as an excuse: ‘Well
Chapter 58: Sunday, November 20, 2016
Everyone had emptied out of the kitchen long before Kate’s crying jag, except Peter and James. Peter guessed that this was their time to say goodbye to their dad (and who knew—maybe this was
Steve had already heard the story—Peter had lost his temper, then
nevermind
lightsaber.”
factor from his dad—but no, Peter had lost the genetic lottery in that regard. The only ‘superpower’ he’d gotten from his dad was his eidetic memory, and Peter wasn’t 100% sure that hadn’t come from his mother—she never
“I hadn’t really considered that. No,” Peter said, blinking. “But thanks for scaring the crap out of me.”
And so Kate
—” Kate complained, but 3490 Tony didn’t even let her start.
“You won’t beat me a second time. I see you understand that,” Jeanne said, nodding, looking
“Tony?” James announced himself, taking advantage of a moment when the soldering iron wasn’t turned on. Tony turned to him and smiled, which took him aback. “Peter said you wanted to see me?”
“Maybe save the jokes for when we’re
than physical bullying, you understand? I
. We can’t go home, we’d risk ripping the whole multiverse apart!” Jane protested.
cold outside. Tony’s face was red from the chill, and Steve knew his own must be, too. Tony didn’t let up on that
“Please,” his father said. “
“Blowing up the chem lab at school?” 3490 Steve suggested with a raised eyebrow.
Tony didn’t need to be able to tell the doubles apart from the 3490s to have her worst fears suddenly set in. That hadn’t been friendly fire. That hadn’t been an accident, Steve getting hit with that shield. She hadn’t been shot out of the sky by any ordinary EMP—she’d been shot out by something that 525 Tony, intimately familiar with her armor, had designed. Tony screamed in rage and tried to get up—but the armor was much, much heavier than her. Without power she could barely sit up, let alone walk, and her entire body was aching from the crash. Where were
of them had Avengers who were actually good, kind people.
But James wasn’t hurting his little brother. He had him pinned to the wall, but he wasn’t beating him black and blue. He could, James knew, escape the hold if he weren’t so surprised. Peter was stronger than him now, strong enough that
, I haven’t seen a single one of these things pick up and start flying away,” Tony argued. Steve ripped into the guts of another doombot, pulling out wires and circuitry as the thing fizzled and sparked.
“You two never grew up properly, did you?”
with her than I have over the last three months. I was
“Tony, are we ready to head out?” Steve asked. He sounded worried. Tony lifted the face plate.
unless it carried some sort of MGH like drug in its venom, which Peter found highly suspect. Reasonably, this shouldn’t be happening. Peter would have, had it not been for the excessive stickiness and the excessive
“I just need a few days to clear my head,” he said.
“Of course,” he said, getting up. Tony followed suit. 3490 Steve led him to one of the many bedrooms since the other rooms were occupied. Tony shut the door behind them.
It was lucky, in fact, that he did, as at that very moment, before any of them had time to find out what his father really would do, smoke erupted throughout the whole room, a stinging tear gas that James felt on his skin. The iron grip on his neck was gone. He gasped in air and then choked on smoke. He put a hand over his eyes and looked through a slit in his fingers. 525 Steve had let him go completely and was yelling—James took his opportunity and ran, his lungs burning and his eyes stinging. He ran as fast as his little legs would carry him, out of the house, down the street. He could hear the sounds of battle coming from the mansion, but he never once looked back. He knew the way to the safe house—take the subway to midtown, get to the mall, get to the secret door, and move through the tunnels. He could make it there. He could live. He just had to make it happen on his own.
Steve roared. Quietly, to JARVIS, he asked, “JARVIS—her vitals aren’t right, are they?”
to the flag. Peter had to admire her fighting style, but, unfortunately for her, it was one with which Peter was familiar, having seen his aunt in action a thousand times over. His pre-cog effect probably wasn’t fair, and Peter felt a bit bad about that but he didn’t know how to turn that particular ability off—it just sort of happened. Peter jumped and grabbed a tree branch, swinging a two-legged kick at Natasha, but she slid right under him and ended up on his other side. He barely had enough time to turn and duck as she swung at him.
. Strong and smart and incredibly talented.” Kate’s eyes filled with tears.
“Say it!” mature Steve demanded.
“What do you want, Foucault?” Kate asked.
“Good,” double Pepper said, looking amused. She locked her gaze on Pepper, who felt suddenly like a deer in headlights. “I’d hate to have give my condolences to you.”
Peter kept to the end of the table, speaking largely with Other Thor. They seemed to be a great source of amusement to each other—Other Thor to Peter because his Asgardian habits and ways of speaking had yet to be watered down at all, and Peter to Other Thor because, well, Peter was just naturally comedic. He had told Tony the other day that he “enjoyed the humor of the tiny Iron Captain child”. Tony had decided not to warn him against calling Peter that directly in order to see the hilarity that necessarily must ensue once he did. Other Jane and Other Pepper seemed to largely keep to themselves, though Steve, her Steve, had engaged Other Pepper in conversation about art for a long duration, which had seemed to surprise her. Other Steve kept more to conversations with Other Natasha and Other Clint, discussing SHIELD, Tony thought she overheard. Kate was largely quiet, but when she did speak it was usually to produce a dry, sarcastic comment in one of the other conversations, always to the surprise of the Other Avengers.
__________
“Of course.” Steve agreed easily and there was a laugh trapped in his voice that Tony wanted to release. “But are you sure?”
He brushed it off, closing his eyes and just enjoying being close to Steve. He listened as Steve and Happy made small talk, letting his own mind wander but it never strayed far from Steve.
“We’ll see about that.” Steve captured his already bruised lips in another kiss, and Tony was hardly complaining.
Steve appreciated it more than anything because someday’s weren’t so easy. But Steve never got to return the favor and that made his stomach curl. When Tony wasn’t feeling himself he locked himself in his workshop and didn’t allow Steve access. Steve had the override codes but he could take a hint.
He saw the sky in his eyes.
Vision, who was standing beside Tony, angled his body towards him and offered a shrug. It was a jerky movement, but Tony appreciated it all the same.
"Come look." He offered and Tony paused before crowding into Steve's space and leaning into his side.
They sat together, looking out with wide eyes and unanswerable questions. It felt like the very end or the very beginning. Which, Tony wasn’t sure.
After that, there were more visits. Wanda would stop by to see Vision, and then she would leave. But she would always return to see him again. Tony only saw her in passing but he would always offer a smile and Wanda would always nod. Tony figured they had something close to an understanding and he settled for it.
"Despite never seeing any drawings, I think you're a good artist. Natasha showed me a couple sketches once. Only one of the many perks of being her friend. Wait, friend might be stretching it. Let’s go with teammate." Tony tapped his forefinger against the railing absentmindedly.
Tony stepped past the glass doors leading to the balcony, the breeze brushing at his hair, his skin. It tugged at his clothes fruitlessly.
"I would probably say the same thing about working in my workshop but you wouldn't approve of that." Tony pointed out, taking a step closer, his feet pulling him forward without hesitation. "I am, however, much more lenient."
“Boss, there’s somebody here.” FRIDAY spoke up, her voice was gentle but Tony still jumped up. He raised his hand as if to summon his armor but quickly dropped it again. He squinted at the clock in the corner of Steve’s office. It was only 9, which meant Tony had slept for about half an hour and that was slumped over new tech upgrades for the team.
“And apparently you're still picky, even in bed.” Steve hooked his arms under Tony’s thighs and picked him up, moving them to the bed. Tony let out a breathy laugh, holding back a very unmanly noise at being picked up and taken to bed like a blushing bride.
It didn’t have to be about Steve. Because it wasn’t, it was about the team, or at least that’s what he was going to continue telling himself.
Rogers had a way of eliciting a response from him no matter what happened between them. Tony found it unfair. “A party?” Tony inquired, eyebrows furrowing together and creasing his forehead.
Tomorrow seemed like a good day to start.
"When am I going to be able to see one of those drawings of yours?" Tony asked, nodding his head at the sketchbook in Steve's hands.
"Patience is a virtue." Steve reminded Tony, sounding almost smug. Tony felt something foreign pull at the corner of his lip.
“You trust me? Have you even forgiven me?” Steve asked, his expression guarded but like it would just take the right words to open him up.
Steve’s lips pressed against his, effectively silencing him as the city crumbled away behind them.
Here was Steve, standing in front of him a free man just months after leaving him alone in a bunker in Siberia with a broken suit and a bloody face. But Tony took in trauma by the dozen these days, so he tried to not dwell on Siberia too much.
Tony nodded. “I’m afraid apologies have lost all their glamour. Plus, that incident wasn’t on you.”
“Barton.” Tony responded warily, eyeing his old teammate unsure of what to do or what to say. "Um-”
“Not even Pepper?” Steve asked dubiously. “Or maybe that bartender back at the bar?”
“This is completely different, you put your faith in aliens instead of trying to think of something else. You’re a brilliant mind, Tony, you could have thought of
Tony frowned and sat down, perched on the edge of a stool. “I have no idea what you’re talking about sugar pie but I’m going to call it a night. I’m going to go wallow somewhere hopefully less crowded. Plus I’m hungry and the only food this bar has are greasy nachos.”
“I’m just checking in on a disturbance at an infinity stone location. I doubt it’s anything.” It was never not anything these days. Tony hadn’t said that though.
"How did I ever get so lucky?" Steve teased, the corners of his eyes crinkling the way they always did when he was happy. Sometimes, Tony couldn't believe he was the cause of that.
Once it was off Steve was left in boxers, which was a sight to see, and Tony was still enjoying the view when Steve stepped back into his space and made his heart stop. “Your turn.”
“What were you
"Is this my own personal strip tease? Steve Rogers, you should really know better." Tony silently enjoyed the slight flush that spread across Steve's cheeks.
Steve turned his head up, a small smile brightening his face. It made Tony’s insides melt. Steve was attractive, that much was obvious, but underneath the stars he was breathtaking. Much to Tony’s dismay, he turned his head back down and finished tying the laces on Tony’s skates.
“Sounds perfect to me.” Tony murmured, already missing Steve’s arms as they pulled away. He found solace in the hand Steve extended towards him. Tony took it, fingers tight around the palm of Steve’s hand as they began to walk. He was still wary of Steve slipping away. Steve sensed something because he tugged Tony closer so they were shoulder to shoulder.
“Well, you found just the right partner. I think I’ve skated exactly one time, and I fell three times in the span of a few minutes.” Steve replied, leaning own and pressing a small but sweet kiss on Tony’s lips. Tony chased after it, even as Steve began to lean back.
And Tony fought, not like he would in a usual battle. Usually he would fight with vigor, with determination. This time he was fighting the winning battle, and he wasn’t going to lose. It wasn’t with vigor and determination, or even perseverance. It was with single minded focus. He put in every single thing he had. Every thread of energy, every ounce of anger, every drop of sadness that he had bottled up.
He chuckled, a deep rumble from in his chest. “But then I decided that I couldn’t rip them away from their home, so we tried to feed them when the store attendants weren’t looking? Yeah, how could I forget?” Steve wasn’t exactly sure why Tony was bringing it up until he looked up at the screen. His expression clouded with bemusement. “Oh, is that-?”
“How nice of you to finally catch up.” Tony really hadn’t mean to push things like this, and he wanted the record to show that.
“He’s in cryo. He thought it was best, so that no one else got hurt.” Steve’s voice was clipped and precise, and Tony regretted bringing it up. Not just because Steve obviously still had some choice feelings on Barnes’ decision, but also because memories of Siberia were pushing to the forefront of his mind.
__________
“I’ve got nowhere to be.” Steve answered, and that tore a laugh out of Tony. It was short lived but it coaxed a smile out of Steve.
__________
He still went every time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You aren’t going to get in trouble for coming here, are you?” Tony asked, and Steve shrugged indifferently. Tony stared at him pointedly in response. It didn't matter how badly Tony wanted Steve with him, he wouldn't risk Steve getting into trouble.
“First of all, try being a little quieter.” Rhodey sighed and eyed Tony warily. “Look, I know that the situation sort of sucks, but aren’t you working on things with Ross?”
“Looking sharp.” Rhodey chuckled softly, putting his hands on Tony’s shoulders. “Now, want to help me get recruited to the Finding Vision Task Force?” Rhodey asked, waggling his eyebrows.
He thought he saw fire through the dust and he blinked several times, not quite sure what to make of that. Explosions meant fire, but then why did this feel different? Tony wished his legs were strong enough to hold him so he could go check it out.
Tony hadn't realized it himself but as he looked down he noticed the goosebumps lining his bare arms and they way he had begun to shake to keep himself warm.
Everything was in waste. Everything was destruction, unstoppable destruction. It terrified Tony so terribly that it trembled through his bones and made him want to collapse to the ground. His suit was the only thing keeping him up.
Steve looked awfully proud of him too and Tony smiled at him when he finally looked up from his wobbly but sure feet. “Stop looking at me like that.” He demanded lightly, his gaze falling back onto his feet. He looked back up quickly to judge Steve’s reaction but he looked more mischievous than anything else.
and somehow he convinced Vision to take out the stone.” Rhodey gestured wildly at Vision’s forehead. “And then he, I don’t even-”
If it was his last day, why the hell shouldn’t he do what he wanted? Not that he thought tomorrow meant imminent death but there was a probable chance. Tony was going do anything and everything to get everyone else out alive. It couldn’t play out like it did in his head, he wouldn’t let his friends die around him.
Tony turned his head again to fully enjoy the sight of Steve’s smile. He couldn’t help it, the smile begged for attention. “I’m not that old.” Steve pointed out without fervor. “But no, I wouldn’t. I couldn’t go back to having a flip phone.”
I want to clear up two things. First, Ebony Maw is the member of the Black Order that convinces Vision to take out his mind gem. I realized that I never stated that specifically. Second, the fire is Adam Warlock and this ending vaguely follows the comics when Adam Warlock turns Thanos into granite.
That was the first message Tony had received and of course it would be after they had already seen each other in the flesh a few times. And when they were about five feet away from the other. Not to mention it was basically Steve making a point anyway. Tony slipped it into his pocket.
Rhodey smiled, taking a step towards the communal kitchen. “Come on, let’s get some food in you.” He led the way and Tony followed, wondering why there was blood on his shoes. He figured it would be fine, he could just clean it off.
Tony stepped forward and put a hand on Steve’s arm, hoping that would provide some sort of solace. “It’s okay, the past is the past. Sometimes I think we just have to move on, even if it’s hard.” And damn, he didn’t remember being so wise. Maybe living for so long and seeing so many things finally made him sage beyond his years.
“Then watch the movie.” Tony quipped, his lips curving back into a smile. Clint was about to make another witty comment of his own when Natasha put a hand on his arm and pointed out something unfolding on the screen.
“But do you trust me?” Tony noted that Steve did seem fairly surprised by Tony’s earlier admission but of course he was already moving forward and past that.
It was dark and Tony couldn’t make out much, but there was a discernable figure in the shadows. One Tony could recognize even without bright lights.
. How could you risk it?”
“I know.” Steve spoke up, eyes going soft when Tony looked up. “I doubted you then, thought the Accords would stop you. I’m really trying to work on that. Doubting you, I mean.”
“Later. Somewhere less cold and more private than this.” Steve whispered to Tony and Tony couldn’t help but begrudgingly admit that that would be more enjoyable. But not out loud.
“I forgave you a long time ago for lying to me. For the Accords, even for Siberia. And I do trust you, more than almost anyone. Which might sound crazy considering I asked you just a little while ago if you tried to kill me in that bunker.” Tony kept going, even as Steve winced.
“That’s sort of the point of a surprise.” Steve reasoned, and Tony felt heated as Steve’s gaze roamed over him. Apparently it didn't matter how much time they spent apart, Steve always had that same intoxicating effect on him.
The reaction on Rhodey’s face was priceless when he looked down, Tony’s words registering. He went through a range of emotions, beginning with incredulity and ending with pure and unadulterated happiness.
"It's never too late." Steve turned towards Tony, and Tony could finally see the smile he had been picturing moments before. It seemed brighter and more lively presented before him.
And after standing there, probably looking like the fool that he was, he had just turned and left without a word. His mind raced at a mile a minute, and he felt like his heart might break his rib cage. He went to the kitchen, mindlessly turning on the coffee machine, and leaning his hip against the counter. He tilted his head back and it hit the cool stainless steel of the refrigerator door.
“You know what sucks? The only way me and Rogers know how to communicate is through verbal lashings and arguments and I don’t even get any makeup sex out of it.” Tony stated, sitting back up again. If stayed laying down he would undoubtedly fall asleep. He was feeling oddly lethargic.
“I did have a point, in case you were wondering. And that point is that, for tonight, nothing else matters. Just us.” Tony shoved Steve’s shoulder just a little for emphasis. “And my internal turmoil about cupcakes.” Tony added quickly.
A couple weeks later and he wasn’t bending, not exactly.
“Very sure, but I appreciate being called weird.” Tony told him, smiling one last time at Rhodey before heading out. He snagged Rhodey’s hoodie as he did so. He weaved through the people at the bar and made his way to the door, pulling the hoodie on. He tried to not walk too fast. He pushed open the door and greeted the cool night air with a small smile. His eyes immediately sought out Steve, and he wasn’t startled by a voice eerily close to his ear.
“I have no idea how you put up with him.” Steve admitted, looking down at Tony curiously. Tony shrugged his shoulders in response, not completely sure himself.
“How?” Tony asked incredulously, twirling the golden band with his fingers once more before pocketing it. He kept his hand in his pocket, still fiddling with it.
“Good.” Tony said decidedly, leaned forward and pushing himself onto his tiptoes to steal a kiss from Steve’s lips, shivering when Steve’s beard rubbed against his skin. It was unfamiliar but not unwelcome. Now he knew how Steve felt when they kissed before.
Tony couldn’t help the way his heart skipped at seeing Steve’s ring sitting beside his dog tags. He hadn’t really known the fate of the ring after everything in Siberia.
“Just stopping by.” Happy answered. "Someone’s gotta take care of security.”
"It better be." Tony couldn't hear the scratching anymore. He turned back, and Steve was staring at him with a trademark flashy grin he knew Tony enjoyed.
Steve looked down at the paint smudges covering his shirt, and considered changing but then he would be even tardier than he already was.
Tony’s eyes were darker now as they took him in, signs of sleepiness now faded but still present. Steve pulled him forward and gave a quick peck to his forehead, remembering the team gathered close around them as his arm curling around Tony’s back. He let Tony rest his head on the curve of his neck, his heart still beating loud enough that he was sure Tony could hear it.
Dum-E rolled up while he was distracted looking around at their mess of a group, gathered and actually talking, in a room lit with an array of colors. He thought he spotted every face from the old team. Except Thor and Banner but nobody was sure about what those two were up to these days.
desk, a rush of impatience making him feel a bit like a child. But this whole situation was similar to that of siblings pulling at each others hair, so he figured it wasn’t out of place. "So, I’ll take that as a yes?”
He was fearless.
Tony spun the flip phone between his thumb and forefinger, silently considering upgrades. The thing was hideous and he couldn’t even bring himself to consider it an actual piece of technology. Maybe for cavemen.
“I think I know what these guys are trying to do.” Tony gestured towards the papers laid out before them. “We know there are more stones like the one the Black Order took. And we know all of these stones are powerful. So, what if, they want to combine that power and be unstoppable? It’s not all that far-fetched, they would just need something to wield the stones.”
“Well, you know, Boy Scout Honor and all.”
Tony didn't hesitate much longer, taking the jacket and pulling it on. It somehow held Steve's comfort in it’s wool. It smelled just like him too. Tony couldn't discern anything specific, but it smelled vaguely like the cookies his mom had a knack for making around Christmas time.
“Bed.” Tony stuttered, his chest heaving. As someone who had their fair share of sleeping around it wasn’t fair that Steve was rendering him completely useless like this.
But Tony was already walking away, and he couldn’t turn around. His eyes burned, and when he entered the compound again he thought of the shield still sitting in his storage room.
magic.” Tony turned his head so he wasn’t thinking so much about how close Steve’s face was. It didn’t help, Tony was hyper aware of Steve’s gaze locked onto him. “But time is a pretty cool thing to manipulate. Would you ever try it? Go back to the 1700’s?”
Rhodey looked up, relief flooding his features before that was quickly replaced with annoyance. “Man, you are the one who went flying across the room. I thought Cap would have a heart attack.” Rhodey’s gaze roamed his head, lingering on the visible gash. “Where are your bandages?”
“Yeah, I hate Ross too. He’s like the Grinch but at least the Grinch actually had like a serious heart problem and he couldn’t exactly be blamed. Ross has no heart shrinkage and still manages to be a terrible and unreasonable human being.” Tony leaned into Steve once they stopped outside the empty skating rink.
Tony figured that Clint was with his family. And he figured the same thing for...the ant dude.
“Tony.” Steve took a step back, something vibrant and unusual flashing across his face. Tony had never seen it there before. “I love you.” And then Steve disappeared in the dust and left Tony among the rubble with a bright shield in his hand.
“Yeah, he went on an emotional roller coaster. First he walked in pissed, and then he had a mini freak out, and then he was just upset.” Rhodey went off to look for bandages, coming back with gauze to wrap around Tony’s head. Tony swatted at his hands, his mind still playing catch up.
“What do you mean? People don’t know we are married but they do know we are together.” Steve said confusedly and Tony froze, his face screwing up.
“Look-”
He didn’t take the time to stare so much this time, just accepted the new beard and unruly hair for what it was. Took in those icy eyes unflinchingly and didn’t think about it twice.
Rhodey produced an oddly similar stone from his pocket, pinching it between his fingers. “He gave me this, said he wanted a fair fight? Called it a solar jewel. It’s not the same gem but I think it could serve the same purpose. Maybe? I’m not sure.” He thrust the gem out, extending his palm. Tony silently took it and inspected it dubiously.
“We should ditch this and go upstairs.” Tony murmured into his neck, pressing a warm kiss to the sensitive skin.
“Wasn’t going to.” Steve assured him from where he was following, not on his heels but a few good feet away.
“Take the damn thing, I have no use for it and you seem to think your fists are good enough for a psychotic alien army.” Tony held the shield out, anger spelled out in his eyes.
Tony’s eyelids fluttered open and he immediately regretted it because it sent pain shooting through his skull. It felt like a remarkably bad hangover.
“You’re insatiable.” Steve leaned down and caught Tony’s lips in a gentle but sweet kiss. He meant to make it chaste, not wanting to disrupt Tony’s drowsy state. He was readying to pull away when Tony began pressing back, eager for more, and Steve was more than willing to give.
Steve felt his chest ache. “No, just couldn’t fall asleep.” He watched Tony push his hands through his hair, mussing it even further.
“I’ll be fine, I’ll be back by morning. And I think I managed a pretty good cover, that is until you yelled my name in the bar. And that was after trying to hit me with your drink.” Steve said accusingly, but he looked amused.
“That’s alright. It’s about time that we talked, right? I can’t avoid the inevitable.” Tony hesitated for a few fleeting moments before absently turned off the coffee machine and pushed himself off of the refrigerator. He squeezed Rhodey’s shoulder when he passed by on his way to go face Steve, who was standing in the same place where Tony had left him.
He was sitting at Steve’s desk after waking from a nightmare that had made his bones shake. He wasn't sure how he found comfort in Steve’s space when it was always Steve in those nightmares. He was still in grey sweatpants, and his heart was still beating irregularly.
He glanced around for some sort of medicine to help his head.
Tony silently pondered what the chances were that he would meet Steve Rogers. What the chances were that he would let him die. Both seemed so impossible.
Tony dug his free hand into his pocket and withdrew his ring. He released Steve’s hand to slip the ring onto his finger. “This is a forever thing, okay?”
Tony shared a look with Steve. Tony saw his own doubt reflected in Steve’s eyes. He also saw understanding. Because they were going to have to put everything aside. It was a silent agreement that meant moving forward.
“None of that is happening.” Rhodey stood up and Tony watched the action with a frown. “What? Stop being a creep, I’m going to the bathroom.”
“Do you trust me?” Tony asked without preamble and with the subtleness of a machine gun. He began to pull his arms away, first loosening his grip and then moving his hands back.
He turned around a shot his repulsor at Steve’s chest.
When Tony’s feet hit the ground, he leaned away only enough to get a good look at Steve. Steve was still holding him steadily and Tony lifted his fingers, brushing back the hood on top of Steve’s head. “I can’t believe you have a beard.” Tony grinned, his fingers rising to touch the corners of Steve’s mouth where they lifted to reveal a smile.
Tony would probably be the most upset that he was late too. He had gotten it into his head that Steve needed to see every single Star Wars movie to date, even the ones that were “an abomination to the entire franchise”. Tony was all up in arms about it, so he was too.
Rhodey grinned almost maniacally. "I guess that’s for me to know and for you to...not know.” He picked a drink off the table and handed it to him. "But yes.”
__________
Tony wasn’t sure how it happened. And when it was happening, he was still going through the stages of shock. He vaguely remembered someone explaining the logistics of it to him, but he hadn’t been listening all that well.
When their moment had passed and they were both just a tangle of sweaty limbs and puffs of breath, Tony wondered how much time they had lost.
“I don’t know.” Natasha seemed confused herself, and she slowly picked herself up off the floor. “I don’t remember anything.”
Clint shook his head, effectively cutting Tony off before he could scramble some words together.” You’re a dick, Stark and you deserved that. But I missed you.” Clint squeezed his shoulder and headed away while Tony tried to process what had just happened. He noticed Natasha smiling at him.
“We are not racing. No, Steve-” Steve tore away from Tony and Tony’s grasp slipped up. Steve was already way ahead but Tony was not letting that dishearten him. Tony pushed forward, and he really had improved because he wasn’t falling and he was speeding up by some miracle.
'If you don't like it, don't drink it!'
'Steve!' Peter called. 'Steve!'
'The diamond mine on a band ring?' Bucky asked. 'How much is that thing even worth?'
The pain from his Sheriff self was still in his guts, even while his heart was on fire. Was this what his Tony felt? Was this what Steve was doing to him?
'You kidnapped me,' Peter said, a little uncertainly. Maybe Mr Osborn really had been kidnapped too, and they were both trapped.
'I love you too,' Steve said, 'But, uh, don't we have to go save the world?'
There was nothing in the world that would have made Tony agree to give up the memory of Steve's smile, the smell of his jacket, the weight of his arm round Tony's shoulders. The sound their footsteps made in fallen leaves when there was no-one else around. The way Steve had looked so pleased with himself in the glimmer of Christmas lights, laughter in his voice as he said,
. Tony's own breath started to catch at the thought. And Steve had reacted like it was perfectly ordinary, the only change in his face was a slight, thoughtful crease between his eyebrows. Was that how people actually lived their lives?
By the time Steve made it home, his body was screaming at him. It was all he could do to drag himself through the door without falling over. He wanted to just collapse into bed, but he knew from bitter experience that if he slept without giving his aching joints at least a little heat he wouldn't be able to move at all when he woke up. So he hauled himself into the bathroom, stripped, and fell gratefully onto the shower chair. He had been offended when his mom had bought it (even though she had only bought it because he'd gotten too hot one time and passed out, nearly drowning), and had refused to use it for the longest time, but now he had to admit it had saved him a lot of pain more than once.
‘Yes.’
'...Fine. Where to?'
Mr Osborn pushed Peter so hard that Peter fell to the floor, and Mr Osborn slammed the door shut behind them, locking it. Peter sat up, feeling a little dazed. He'd landed on his shoulder and now it hurt, and he didn't understand this room. It had one long bench running down the middle, and lots of science stuff around the walls, a computer in the corner. It was definitely a lab, but from what Peter had seen they were in a super fancy house or a hotel, and on an upper floor. Who put a lab at the top of their house?
He caught sight of Steve putting his own straw between his lips, his nose crinkled slightly, probably in anticipation of the hated tapioca. Steve slurped surprisingly delicately for a man of his size, but then, everything that man did was graceful and controlled, whether it was doodling-in-briefings-when-he-thought-no-one-was-looking or straight-up punching someone into next week. Tony had never seen him drink from a straw before, though. He liked it.
'Yes, that's what your face is for,' Tony dismissed.
Also it is not proof read, mostly because I didn't plan to post this today. Unfortunately as I was finishing off what was meant to be today's offering my laptop cut out and I lost half of what I wrote. >.< So in the name of getting something up, this! Please forgive any typos, and the fact I don't have any of the usual snowed in tropes. As always, enjoy!
'You want Iron Man,' he said, 'As, what, a field agent?'
By the end of the second day, every single available Avenger had been drafted in to help keep Peter still during nappy changes. None of them were pleased about it, though Clint was pretty chilled and Thor was happy to help, merely confused by the purpose of the nappies themselves. Tony didn't know how they potty trained on Asgard, and decided not to ask.
'Is this a Catholic thing?'
'There's not,' Steve said. 'But I... it's not you. My life is just really complicated right now. There's some stuff I really need to do. And my mom's relying on me not to get distracted.'
'Aren't you supposed to be professional, Mr Shield Liaison Officer?' Tony asked, watching Steve pace back and forth. 'Steve. Come on, it's a fair verdict.'
Of course Tony had been upset, to put it mildly. Nor had he been particularly thrilled by Steve begging him to
For a moment, pity flickered over Steve's face. 'Osborn's son.'
Steve was shaking his head vigorously. 'You aren't going to jail. You can't. It's not fair.'
She pointed at Tony, 'Got a
‘I’m so glad you’re open,’ he said, practically crashing into the counter. ‘This is an emergency. A floral emergency. What flowers express deep, deep sorrow?’
'Since you injected him, the doctors have run every test going. They haven't found anything yet.'
too closely, so quickly drew Peter's attention back to himself.
? I mean, that seems like kind of a dumb thing for a flower to symbolise, right?’
'Is it... always this bad?' Steve asked, hesitantly.
Steve grinned. 'Come on, Buck. I wouldn't do a thing like that to you. Twice.'
Peter's eyes were full of confusion, however, and now they moved uncertainly towards Steve slumped in the chair. Tony didn't want him to look at
'You did,' Steve said, with a definite pout.
'I'd still reach the ground.'
'I sound like a shelter dog,' Steve said. 'We might as well write 'loves kids and other animals'.'
'Hi, buddy,' Steve said, coming to hug him, careful to avoid the tube running to the tank. Peter wasn't dressed yet, so none of the nurses had come to detach him. Now Peter was awake and upright, it would be safe enough to take out. Steve did so, gently unhooking the line from Peter's nose. Peter squirmed impatiently at the unpleasant sensation, but didn't complain; too busy rocking excitedly back and forth on the bed. Steve suppressed a wry smile. Only Richard and Mary Parker could create a child both too ill to run around and too energetic to sit still.
'Are you talking about Steve or me?'
They obviously agreed, because Jarvis didn't bother him again but a moment later Frank Sinatra was crooning out
Naturally, this caused a huge delay and a major shift in national attention as, in order to make Steve's testimony credible, he and Shield had to prove that yes, it was really him, yes, he was the original and yes, he had really been frozen for 70 years (but no, he had sadly not punched the real Hitler), by which time hardly anyone could remember what he had been supposed to have been testifying about in the first place. But Steve pulled them back on track, and told them everything that had happened from the day they had met (deftly avoiding the fact a four year old had super powers now), and when Tony read the transcript he was surprised, because there was so much he didn't know Steve had noticed. Every time he had had a moment of doubt, every time his better self had fought against the nature exaggerated by Venom, Steve seemed to have noticed it.
Steve was
'Yeah, okay,' Tony said. 'The thing is, none of us are really religious. Well, most of us aren't. Then Wanda is Jewish and Bruce has the whole Buddhist thing and Thor actually is a god so...'
'What was I supposed to think?' Steve sounded almost as exasperated as Pepper. 'Tony didn't know who he was. I didn't think even
'I'm here,' Steve's voice said, but it wasn't Steve. It was one his captors, who had plucked the comms unit from his ear.
They both looked over towards the doors. They remained shut.
'Whatever. I'm heading back,' he said. 'Come with me, I'll show you what I found.'
That was as far as recording-Steve got, because present day Steve had come and turned the sound system off, forcibly. So forcibly, in fact, that there was now a Steve-fist shaped hole in the top of it.
They were less than a block away, passing a coffee shop, when Venom suddenly veered off, a tentacle whipping out, smashing the glass, knocking aside tables and patrons, and sending what looked to be a supporting column crumbling before racing off much faster than before. It was to slow him down, Steve knew, but once again there was nothing he could do but play right into it. He ran inside, shouting at those customers not already moving to get out, racing to the column and doing his best to keep it upright. As soon as everyone was out, he dived out of the door, escaping just before the whole thing came crashing down.
Steve couldn't help it. He didn't even think. It was just that the next thing he knew, he was on his feet, his fists curled into the collar of Stark's shirt, the table overturned between them. Steve had no memory of how he had got from the one situation to the other, but found he wasn't displeased about it. He slammed Stark back against the wall.
‘Who was that?’ Peter asked.
'And if you did,' Steve continued forcibly, 'You would have done, a hundred times over. Okay?'
Upstairs and completely unaware of the tumult he was causing, Thor was blissfully going through Pinterest. He had stumbled into a vein of lace capes and cloaks for wedding dresses, and thought they were the most beautiful things he had ever seen. He had already printed several for the ledger. This was going to change
'I'm not sure. I don't think so.'
'Aww,' Tony pouted.
The piece of paper had been crumpled up into a tight ball, and he had unscrunched it to see if it was another work of art. When he saw instead it was a list, he would have thrown it away again except – except a word had accidentally caught his eye. Steve's handwriting. It said 'prettiest'. As in,
,' Sarah breathed, looking at it. 'Oh, sweetheart, that's... that's just breath taking.' She sat down on the bed beside him, pulling him close. 'It's your best work yet. I'm sure Tony Stark will love it.'
, to try and make up for the trials his body and health had caused them, problems he had never asked for, never wanted, had done nothing to cause. He had never asked for
'So I'm bad at compliments! That's why they were in the trash!'
‘Oh.’ Steve said. The Flynns had kindly labelled all the buckets for him in case of exactly these kinds of situations, and he had selected stems from the one labelled
'Steve,' Tony said, trying his best to sound normal. The distraction from his spiralling thoughts let some air sneak back into his lungs, and he was Tony Stark. A little was all he needed. 'Out shopping?'
He prepared the syringe, turned over Peter's unresisting hand, and injected it into his wrist. Then several things happened at once, that took a moment for Tony to sort out in his head.
'I don't know what you were thinking!'
For some reason he had imagined the process of the Charity Marriage would take a long time to get through, but it had been less than a week since they had posted the profile and they were already on stage three. Almost as soon as his mom had responded to Howard Stark's original message, she had been invited to come and meet him in person at Stark Industries two days later.
'With all this in mind, I believe significant leniency in your case is justified, with a view to overturning the verdict in future should more research enlighten us about the nature and reach of Venom. Your considerable talents also shouldn't be overlooked. If you wish to contribute to society, there are better ways for a man of your skills to do so than in stamping number plates.'
They rushed the trial because of the press interest, but it still took more than three months to get to the end.
Steve swore and got up. He hoped Stark would come.
'There's no law against trying to woo a pretty penniless girl who ought to be grateful,' Stone said, sneeringly. 'Not like some relationships going on in this town, right, Sheriff?'
'You'll still live and do your other lessons here,' Meredith said. 'But for your science lessons you will attend lectures at Caltech, and work towards your undergraduate degree.'
'Will you sit down?'
Unfortunately, soon after they arrived, a blizzard had blown in. Hours lately it had finally ceased, but when Steve had gone to the front door and hauled it open it was followed by a spill of snow slumping onto his feet.
when he said he was bored, and found ways to try and challenge him. She even saw through him when he tried to use the 'I'm-only-terrible-in-class-because-I'm-bored' line to get out of gym class. He sort of hated her for that, but he respected her too. And all had been forgiven when she had given him his own key for the labs.
Even so, he felt as if he was attracting more looks than usual on the way to work that morning, and you didn't need a lawman for a lynching. Maybe he ought to sleep in his own old room that night. Or would the change in habit just set more tongues wagging?
was at stake, blah blah blah.
This was all part of the plan.
Forty minutes later, Steve came back. He was looking for him, calling Tony's name, but Tony couldn't reply. He still had the underwear twisted in his grip, and for a brief second he thought about tossing them back in the cupboard, out of sight and out of mind, because if he pretended not to know then they wouldn't have to talk about it and he wouldn't have to maybe lose Steve. Just the idea made him feel sick – but it was too late, Steve had found him.
'What is it?' Steve asked.
ought to talk about periods. No-one, men or women, ever, ever, ever. It was bad enough to have to go through it, why talk about it? She even changed channels when the tampon adverts came on. And now she'd made Steve curious enough to google. Captain America had been reading about periods.
Delighted, Peter reached forward and eagerly ran his hands over the helmet, gently tracing the curves and welds in it. Steve remembered vaguely hearing some rumour about Stark being able to shoot lasers from the eyes of that thing, and thought about intervening, but there was nothing threatening about Stark now. It was almost like watching a completely different person to the drunken mercenary he had met in the bar.
'If we were bed sharing, I'd make damn sure we were in it at the same time,' Steve muttered, without thinking. Before he could panic about being so forward, Barnaby laughed again, a blush spreading over his cheeks. So apparently he could be smooth, just by accident. Is that how it worked for Bucky? He always said Steve overthought flirting.
'But...'
‘Good, because he’s a dangerous man. But what we want to know is what you were doing with him to begin with.’
about it.
He turned the water as hot as it could go and sat under it, taking deep breaths until he was able to push the aches and the bruises to the back of his mind, thinking instead about Barnaby, trying to etch deep into his memory how he had looked, how he had smiled, how he had taken Steve's hand and touched his back. He stayed there until his muscles were as loose as they were ever going to get and the shower was starting to run cold, before he reluctantly switched it off and got out, wrapping a towel around himself before hustling back to his room, drying off and digging out clean pyjamas.
'Come on,' Barnaby said. 'Come check out the view.' He headed to the edge of the garden, where waist-high barriers protected the employees from falling. Spread out below them, the city was like a map, drawn out in lines of light.
It was completely dark inside. There wasn't so much as a millimetre of space between the door and the dirt floor of the cave. He couldn't even make out an outline of the door. Only the diminished glow of the fading arc reactor gave the slightest illumination to the space.
Cautiously, Peter twisted round and sat up. The room turned out to be some kind of library, with tons of books and some little tables. There was a man sitting in front of him in a comfy old arm chair, the kind with a really high back, and the man didn't look scary at all, in fact he was smiling kindly and pouring juice into a glass for Peter, the kind with a swirly straw all the way around the outside. Maybe he had been kidnapped too. Peter still felt like something bad was about to happen.
, and
Incidentally, Steve had no leg hair, like,
Sighing, Steve straightened his own shirt and necktie, putting on his hat before stepping out of the front door and onto the porch.
His concern might not have been necessary. He couldn't see any signs of breath. The only movement was the churning of the black tar that covered him.
mattered. Steve picked up the shield and slid it into place on his arm. Good.
'Since it put me on ice for seventy years!'
The people were no different. He had eliminated them from his professional and home life; now he only had people around when he wanted company. That was easy enough too. Everyone had strings that could be pulled to make them act as he wanted them to. Most of them made it pretty easy, if they knew what he wanted of them. Even Captain Rogers, who was not the usual hot-body-empty-head type Tony usually targeted, had made it pretty obvious where to pull. He just wanted to make his little boy happy. Tony wanted the Captain. It wasn't hard to make it happen.
'Which guy?'
One week later, she finally got out.
'Definitely,' Steve's saviour nodded, showing him the large bar of Hershey's he was carrying. 'If you're sent out for tampons, always get chocolate too. Only way we can help.' With that, he picked up a box of tampons and strolled off towards the counter.
'Try the kitchen,' Clint said. Tony did, taking the weird orange with him. Some of the juice was seeping out where the stuff had been stuck in it, and it was making his hand sticky. Eww.
There were no pictures on it. He'd checked.
'Of course,' Tony continued, 'You know what helps the brain work faster? Exercise. And you look like you could use a break. You know what's both physically exerting and mentally refreshing?'
Time seemed to stretch. He even started doing press ups and sit ups, trying to burn off some of the feeling of being cooped up. He missed Jarvis, and kept finding himself talking aloud to him before remembering even Jarvis couldn't hear him here.
. It was one thing to lie in bed all day when you were sick and sleepy, but now he
His revelry was interrupted by a young man – decidedly
'Yes, yeah, alright, I'm here,' he said, trying to calm them down.
, it read,
He hadn't intended to say that. And he couldn't read Steve's reaction behind those stupid glasses. Tony had an urge to reach up and tear them off, see what his eyes were saying.
Honestly, until Natasha asked him in a mortified whisper through the bathroom door to go out and buy tampons, Steve had not connected them to
It had been over almost as soon as it began, Miss Rivers withdrawing her hands and telling him, not unkindly, that his consent wasn't enthusiastic enough. The shame had flared into anger, and he had told her not to tell him what he did or didn't want, that he had said yes, but she had just shook her head,
'Alright then, smart arse,' Tony challenged. 'Your turn. Tell us the worst idea you ever had.'
'Yeah, enjoy that,' Steve replied. 'So. Is it actually Skrulls?'
Peter looked at the monster again, wide-eyed and scared. 'But we'll save him, right? I mean, you're...' He rubbed the sleeve of Steve's uniform, apparently in awe.
So they lay down together in their bed, and she snuggled close, managing to be big spoon despite being so much smaller than him. It must have been an awkward angle but she ran the fingers of her pinned arm through his hair, soothing and gentle. Steve felt himself beginning to relax.
'Thank you for coming,' he said, keeping it to the point, because showboating, being charming, was so not the point of this; and because he was exhausted. 'I know there's been a lot of talk about me the last few weeks. I guess getting absorbed by a monster and rampaging through the streets will do that. I know Shield's being giving you a lot of info about Venom, what it is, what it made me do over the years, but...' he swallowed. Big announcement time. No problem, he'd done big announcements before. 'It's impossible, without a full investigation, to determine how much the Venom symbiote was responsible for, and how much was me. That's why, at the end of this statement, I will be handing myself over to the authorities.'
Either Shield had somehow known Stark was going to turn up the day following Agent Romanov’s visit, Stark knew Steve had been warned off and had decided to come, or it was a complete coincidence. Either way, Steve wasn’t too happy when he opened the door to find Stark there.
'I need a drink,' he shouted.
. He imagined his brain was like an old record player, jumping and skipping over the same spot again and again.
'I need your support, Tony, now isn't the time for your ego!'
And without meaning to, he began to talk and talk, telling Stark all about Peter; what he enjoyed, what scared him, what they did together. How he had refused to eat carrots for a year, and it eventually turned out it was because Steve had told him carrots would help him see better in the dark, and Peter had thought he'd said carrots could see in the dark, and had been frightened. Steve told Stark about how smart, how curious Peter was, and how he could already add and subtract, and would probably get the hang of multiplication if he only had more fingers. And Stark listened to all of it, right up until they cleared away the main course (which Steve had been surprised to learn was pigeon. He had eaten pigeon plenty of times growing up, but it had never tasted as heavenly as
He needed to get inside,
he going to come?
or something similar it would be nothing they couldn't handle.
The thought kept coming into Tony's head – right now, Steve would let him do anything he wanted.
, you know.'
‘Lilies!’ He blurted finally, hastily turning to their bucket and plucking out some choice stems, trying to stop his cheeks from burning. He wrapped them up in damp newspaper and then decorative wrapping – a sombre navy blue – and the guy handed him the money, smiled brilliantly as he thanked Steve, and dashed out as quickly as he’d come.
Steve had taken his time getting dressed, trying to focus his racing thoughts and ragged breathing. The uniform had been cleaned, laundered and probably repaired. There was a cowl in there too, though he knew it couldn't be the original. As he put the clothes on, it helped him compartmentalise what was happening. There was less Steve Rogers, whose son had been kidnapped, and more Captain America, off on a mission to save innocents. It made things, if not easier, more bearable. He glanced at the shield again. Somewhere, in the back of his mind, he noted that this was it. With phones and cameras and social media these days, it was bound to get out that Captain America – or at least someone dressed as him – was back. It was the end of his new, normal, life and the end of his anonymity.
They had spent so many Saturday and Sunday mornings like this, lying close together in the gentle, sleepy quiet. Eventually they would start chatting, about nothing in particular, and then the teasing and playfighting would start, and it would either end in sex or breakfast. Steve liked both ways. They had problems, of course they did, but the problems were all external. They faced them together. It was simple. It was happy. It was beautiful, rare and precious.
They made their way out. If they were supposed to pay, no-one asked them too. Nobody said anything to them at all as Steve was ushered back to the car. Stark drove him back to his building in silence, blinking very rapidly the whole time. He was a bomb, Steve thought, about to go off. The second Stark pulled up, before he had even stopped the engine, Steve was trying the door.
Peter looked up, blinking the tears away as much as he could, and saw the red-headed lady that had come to the house, the one that was Steve's friend from work.
The darkness overtook him again.
Tony went back to work.
Peter knew. He was going to help.
'Tapioca,' Steve said, reading a poster in the window. His mouth turned down in the corners. 'I hate tapioca. When I was a kid I used to have to go to my neighbour for dinner while mom was working, and that was all she ever made for dessert. She used to make me have seconds, too, I think she knew no-one liked it.'
The baby shrieked in delighted surprise as the knees beneath him began to bounce furiously up and down, adult and child both falling into helpless laughter. Tony felt like his heart may actually break in two all over again, he loved this so much.
Steve nodded back, taking two of the cubes out of the bag before shoving the rest firmly back into his pocket. He offered them up to his new friends, trying to ignore the quiet tap-tapping sound that indicated Tony was either taking pictures or possibly even filming on his phone. Steve didn't even try to arrange the goofy grin on his face into something more socially acceptable. He loved horses, and he was intending to make the most of every moment of this gift.
'But you just promised to destroy it,' Steve said patiently, finishing the last of his drink and rinsing off the glass. 'You wouldn't break a promise, would you?'
day in the garden,' Steve said, seriously, settling Peter back onto his lap and holding him by his tiny hands. 'The sun was shining, the birds were singing, when suddenly... there was a
And this was the one I had to rewrite after losing a section to technical issues >.< Hopefully you still enjoy it. I didn't know how to end the scene, so I decided, 'When in doubt, let them make out'. Let's call it a recovery after seeing such sad boys in the trailer yesterday...
. She wasn't going to go through this again. Not this month. This was the month she was going to handle everything fine, finally get her act together enough to go back to the doctors and get a new supply of contraceptive pill - or better yet, a hysterectomy. She would go. She would talk to her doctor. She just needed a tampon first, and then she was good to go. There was a box in the bathroom cupboard left over from last time, she had regularly opened the door over the last few weeks just to make sure it was still there and it was.
'So which one is this, anyway?' Bucky asked, once they had left water and painkillers by the bed, ensured Tony wouldn't choke if he threw up, and departed. 'Your billionaire or that guy from the bar you've been pretending you aren't mooning after?'
being insulted by it meant he was giving credence to the patriarchal assumption that being feminine was inherently inferior to being masculine, but
, as if it wasn't even there.
'Yeah, well, I'm dumb. You can call me
'If I had the armour,' Tony grumbled, but got no further, because stupidly he didn't have the armour and they all knew it.
Tony let him for a few moments, drinking in the view and the quiet sound of the charcoal scratching, and then said, 'Well, sorry to break this up, but if we don't go now we'll miss the reservation.'
Steve's phone began to ring, and the caller ID said
Peter was quiet as they walked up to the park. It had been a long time since they had been out anywhere but the hospital, and he lolled back in the seat, looking at the clouds. Steve tried to strike up a game of finding shapes in the clouds, but Peter wasn't really into it, and in the end, Steve let him be. Once they'd reached the playground and he'd given Peter enough time to recover from the trip, he decided, he was going to let Peter go on the swings for as long as he wanted. If there were other kids waiting for a turn, they would just have to wait. That said, the streets were quiet, everyone was at work or school. With any luck, they'd have the whole place to themselves. He should have packed sandwiches.
'Wait,' he said, when he had mastered himself. 'Have you been here the whole time?'
'Chocolate?' Steve repeated. He had never bought a girl chocolates in his life. Maybe he would have done for Peggy, had they been at home and not in a warzone, but buying them for Natasha felt almost intrusive, somehow, like he would be crossing a line or making assumptions.
'Tony, you can't say that things like that.' He said, rubbing his temples.
going to barf over Barnaby. He dashed for the front door as quick as he could manage, collapsing onto the kerb and emptying his stomach into the gutter. As usual, the smell of his own vomit made him retch, and for a while it was all he could do to try and vomit and breath at the same time. A warm, firm hand appeared on the back of his neck, helping keep him in position. Bucky. How many times had they done this? Damn, he was pathetic. Barnaby would probably sneak out the back while he had the chance.
the right places-'
Steve snapped his jaw shut. It wouldn't do either of them any good to cause a scene. With this many people around he'd only end up getting them both hanged, even though it seemed Tony at least was completely innocent. But if Steve had misread the situation, it was only because Tony had let him. Or he'd been an even bigger fool than he'd thought.
'Tony-' Steve began with a sigh, not sure what he could say. He couldn't lie and say he believed Tony was his soulmate, that he believed in soulmates at all. And if he couldn't say that, when Tony clearly did, he wasn't sure what he could say instead.
'Your Dad there told me it's your birthday today.'
Steve blinked at him, then laughed until Tony joined in, flushing. 'I changed my mind,' he said. 'This, this is the worst decision I've ever made. Or at least the most awkward.'
Steve felt himself begin to flush with anger. His gritted his teeth tighter. 'That's not fair.'
'That's stupid. If you can skip grades within a school, you should be able to just skip school completely if you're smart-'
On a side note, thank you everyone who had writer's block tips! My original work is going much better, and I finished the section I was stuck on, but I'm going to try and alternate between working on that or this.
that it would only be natural for such good
'No, not Barbara, you misheard. It's Bar..naby! Barnaby! My name is Barnaby!'
. It wasn't exactly helpful. He turned his head, trying to subtly spot the Evil Ex. Instead, he spotted Bucky coming back.
‘Yes please.’
Steve reassembled the phone, forcing himself to calm down. He didn’t notice the tracker embedded beneath the battery, still sitting there and still operational.
He led the way to the storage room, switching on the lights with the back of his hand when he entered in lieu of asking FRIDAY to do it for him. The place was growing dusty and Tony brushed his fingers over an old wooden table when he passed by it to make his way towards a shield with some patriotic colors.
“Your legs?” Tony prompted, prepared to go to his workshop and grab a wrench to do the adjustments. He was probably already getting ready to go because Rhodey put a hand on his arm.
“I dream of us running away together.” Steve replied wistfully, and Tony knew that that was all he was going to get. It was answer enough to Tony who pulled away, and forced his spirits to lift.
and Tony was very aware of the fact that he should be used to this by now. The constant overhanging presence of death. The tiptoeing on the edge of the land of the living. They were acrobats with floss underneath their expert feet.
The intruder stepped into the light with a familiar look of grim determination. This time featuring the beginnings of a beard and longer than usual blond hair. Tony felt his blood freeze, and his stomach bottom out.
“I wouldn’t be so sure.”
“How’s Peter? Tell me he’s not running off with the suit and causing mayhem.” Tony kicked the door to the refrigerator shut, not feeling all that hungry. He took his usual path to the coffee maker. He turned it on and listened to the little noises it made, he thought of Dum-E.
“Nice emo look by the way, surprised you didn’t dye the hair as well!” Tony called after his retreating form, and once Steve was completely out of view, he fell back on what he could now decisively say was a couch. He eyed Natasha still lingering in the corner of the room. “What happened while I was out?”
“What if we fail?” Steve asked, he looked incredulous but also curious.
Among the fading dust, a figure stepped up to him before crouching down to his level.
He went into his contacts, finding only one number programmed in under the name Nomad. Tony almost wanted to laugh out loud because Steve was even less subtle than he was.
Tony was sitting at Steve’s desk, staring off at a random space on the wall. He was part of the the half of the team stationed on Earth. Tony knew that didn’t make tactical sense when he had a suit of armor he had specifically designed for space. He would have gone if they had asked.
Steve didn't turn for a moment. Tony could tell from behind Steve that he was smiling from the lift in his cheek and the shift in his jaw. He could also see the movement in Steve's hand, indicating he was still at work, until it came to a sudden halt.
“I’m just a really lucky guy, I guess.” Tony rolled his eyes and gently prodded at his head, feeling a nasty cut beneath his fingers. He winced and lowered his hand, containing a grimace.
Steve was the first to pick himself up, dropping a quick kiss on Tony’s forehead as he did so. Tony was still swamped in the sheets and he never wanted to leave. If he could lay there forever and just breathe Steve in, maybe even that wouldn’t have been enough.
Steve.
“Nope.” Steve replied quickly.
“Yeah, that stubborn man was never going to be down for too long. I was good at figuring out the technical parts of it, but some of his recovery was beyond my control, and that sucked.” Tony muttered the last bit, inclining his head towards Steve.
Tony made a small noise of complaint before lifting his head. He looked around blearily, and Steve couldn’t help but find his obvious confusion amusing. “Steve? Did you have a bad dream?”
Tony leaned his weight against the railing and looked over at Steve who was back to sketching. Tony was content just watching him. The tense line of his jaw, the concentration that furrowed his brow just like it did out on the field. But out in the field there was something in Steve's eyes that rattled him. Out in the fresh air with no immediate threats, that something was absent.
“Tony they are one step closer to having all of the stones because of you!” Steve backed away a couple of steps and ran a hand over his face. His eyes were scrunched together with irritation.
“It’s a tragedy.” Natasha affirmed, her smile growing almost imperceptibly, before she stepped out of the room in the same direction as Steve.
“You leave a trail like a raccoon.” Rhodey said, picking up on Tony’s shift in mood. Tony always did have see-through skin. “Are you sure you’re good? You’re being weird.”
Steve noted that he was beginning to look sleepy, and sleepy Tony was definitely one of his favorite things. Tony would fully let his guard down and it was all the more meaningful because he trusted Steve enough to not need it. Tony tilted his head up, tucking away his smile to pucker his lips. “Give me a smooch.”
“You forgot like three nouns.” Tony mumbled into Steve’s chest, and Steve glanced down to find his eyes already closed.
Tony was staring at the papers on
“But you didn’t even do anything.” Steve pointed out, and Tony could feel his eyes roaming his cheek to check for any visible damage. He saw Steve lift his hand as if to brush his fingers against the place he was hit out of his peripheral vision before dropping his hand back into his lap. Tony didn’t know how to feel about that when his bruises from Siberia had lasted weeks.
food and insisted that because he was a super soldier, it was enough, but Torrun was half Asgardian and even she knew that, put under the stresses James was at present, she would be exhausted.
Natasha had to admit, as she sipped coffee and eyed the older man, while she admired the brave face the Commander was putting on, it was pretty obvious that the cracks were beginning to show. He was emotionally compromised. He wasn’t fit for duty. And she was surprised that her own double had yet to pull him from the field. She knew, from a brief chat she’d had with the older woman, that her place on the team was the same in 3490 as in 199999—they acted as the check and balance to Steve’s command, the one with the power to yank him from duty when it was necessary. From observing her own double, however, who seemed to also have one eye on the Commander at the breakfast table, two days after James’ return to the safe house, she had to wonder if
(See the end of the chapter for
” his father finally barked, blood spewing from his mouth and onto the carpet. 525 Steve acted as if he had not heard.
, everywhere. But it doesn’t seem painted on, it’s like it comes from Mom herself. And all she’s doing is smiling down at me, and I know it’s me because I had black hair as a baby and Peter didn’t have any. And sometimes I just wish like hell that she’d look at me the way she looked at me in that painting. Because God knows she never has.” She drew another hit.
“James here requested to be sent to
“If you’re uh—if you’re done we should probably be heading back soon. Can’t spend hours here or they’ll get suspicious,” Tony said.
“What decisions?” Tony asked. “What decisions can we possibly make? They’ve got us by the balls, Cap. We’re not going anywhere without them.”
“Tick tock, Captain,” 525 Steve said. His grip on James’ neck tightened. It was getting harder to breathe.
“Dad…” Peter said, trailing off. He did sound a bit guilty now.
too intimate for a Special Agent and a Presidential Candidate. Steve shut the sketchbook and resolved to listen to music for the rest of the night.
Well. Torrun hoped they would anyway.
It was three in the morning when Tony heard the door to the library open and the subsequent cursing from his double upon seeing him inside.
wedding, white dress and all, with
telling
. He was glistening with sweat, and Tony did mean
an event now. The three Rogers children ate and argued with gusto; Tony noticed that, in the presence of their parents, the fighting was much more contained, and at the first sign of a truly unkind word, 3490 Steve would jump in with a warning and a steely look. He had an iron grip on the kids when they were all together, and it really was no wonder why, considering what Tony, Steve, and Clint had witnessed the previous day. Tony’s female double, for her part, didn’t seem to take much notice of her children’s antics, instead spending most of breakfast glued to a tablet. Occasionally she would, without looking up, pop up with a comment, but never a rebuke.
them for their stupor?” Kate asked, she shoved him over, making room for her to lie down beside him on her stomach. She fiddled with his pillowcase. “I mean, that’s not something you can drop on someone and figure it’ll be all peachy.”
“What about my spider powers?” Peter asked.
, he reminded himself. This was really none of his business. But he couldn’t help but interfere.
“Yes! Exactly!” Tony shouted in exasperation. He stormed off before Steve had even realized what had happened.
“Did you seriously just throw me off the roof?” Tony asked.
“It’s kind of cold out here. Aren’t you cold? We should probably get back inside.”
to you.” Kate bit back a sigh. She flicked her eyes back upwards.
3490 Tony’s hand on his arm, and he met her gaze. “Steve. Sometimes we just have to accept the things we cannot change. And I know for a fact Bucky wouldn’t want you wallowing over everything that has happened to him. He wouldn’t want you blaming yourself. When we get you back to your universe you can go hunt for him—but that’s the best you can hope for, right now. It’s not going to do you any good to dwell on it.” Tony rose, drawing her jacket around herself tighter. “Don’t freeze to death while you’re out here. I’m not sure the universe could take the irony.” She shot him a final, soft, sweet smile, and Steve felt his heart jerk. She exited the garden while Steve just sat there, staring at the flowers and swallowing the lump in his throat.
to go find him!” Kate said. Steve exchanged a glance with Natasha.
. Not for certain,” Steve said, doing his best to think rationally.
“Yeah,” he said. “Dunno who they’ll put as Captain now. I don’t even know what my status is now—AWOL, I guess, unless SHIELD let them know I’m here. I mean, even if they
uniform.
“Is that what you told Tony when you walked out a week ago?” James asked coldly. Dad’s jaw went tight, and Peter felt another flare of anger. He kept his mouth shut, but it was a struggle. How could he bring this up
Platonic or romantic, Steve had known in that moment that they
The sky above them was darkening—but not in any way that made conceivable sense. Patches, here and there, were spreading an inky blackness while the rest remained blue sky and nimbus clouds. Steve could see constellations in some patches of the darkness, like the stars were about to swallow them whole. The Red Skull stood several feet from him, still holding the space stone encased in an amulet. The ground he stood on was surrounded by an old weapon familiar to Steve—land mines. And if he could see several, there was doubtless a mine field buried all over. Steve wasn’t sure where Tony had ended up, though he looked to his left and right quickly if he could fine him. There was a split second where he allowed himself to panic—
or agency or
“No, but if you did she’d find it,” Clint agreed as he tugged a t-shirt over his head. He looked disturbed. They all
“And you used to rag on Fury about his unethical decisions,” Bruce said dryly.
“Morning,” she said to him, knowing that in that one single ‘
that was going to happen,” her father said again.
“Why didn’t—why didn’t you give it to Dad?” James asked, still a bit bewildered. Tony snorted and rolled her eyes.
“Everything sucks, everything sucks, everything
for so long, so uncertainly…But we were under the mistletoe, so. I was the one to kiss him—but he was the one to dip me and sweep me off my feet after I did. It was—sappy.” Antonella smiled. “Very sappy. I miss sappy. I miss Steve.”
“Don’t,” Kate pleaded. “Please, Francis. Please just go.”
“Thank you,” was all he said, his voice gruff.
veggie burgers—in California,” Tony said.
“Anyway, my point is don’t fall in love with my mother. That’s just going to lead to heartbreak for you. Again. My advice—find your universe’s Bernie when you get back. I think it would have worked out with my dad and her, had Mom been out of the picture,” Kate advised. Then she paused, regarded Steve thoughtfully for a moment, and continued, hesitantly, “Or. You know. You
For an hour they were silent, watching the battle play out on the news channels with cameramen and helicopter pilots crazy enough to cover it. About halfway through, Steve dug his fingernails into his palms so hard they were at risk of bleeding. Tony commented,
her husband. She could easily tell that it
…” She let the threat hang, leaving Kate to imagine all sorts of horrible things.
“You can thank me by eating it,” James said.
blue. “It’s because you’re a good person, Tony. One of the best.” Tony settled on being humorous instead of embarrassed. It was easier that way.
James thought.
“Yeah? And what the hell would the team do without your tech innovations? What would the team do if we were four on the ground and only
—a little more forcefully.
was doing your damn job.
“I’m coming straight to you, because frankly I don’t think anyone else but Romanov is going to be able to take Senator Stark’s antics. You’re assigned to him, and that’s an order,” Director Fury barked. Special Agent Steve Rogers just raised an eyebrow.
“You,” he said. “They aren’t being subtle. You’re having dinner with your wife three tables over.”
,” James managed to choke out.
“I’d rather have Mom and Dad.”
“It was
“How did the explosion happen?” Kate asked, heading towards it. She was at a loss as to where to start. At least there didn’t seem to really be any Hydra agents in this area anymore.
There was a collective groan. No one knew what the next breach might bring through—but it wasn’t likely to be fluffy bunnies.
them what the circumstances were whenever they show up.”
“Oh, gee, thanks, Kate,” he said. She just rolled her eyes and grabbed his arm.
, big guy,” Tony said. “That’s what I’m getting at. We can’t run—they’re tracking us. We can’t fight them—even if our team wasn’t
“I’ve done everything I can, but if she wants to she can take remote control of your armor,” Kate warned him.
“Because there’s no way that kid’s going to the school nurse. She’ll ask a bunch of questions he doesn’t want to answer. Doesn’t matter what I tell him. Besides, if he’s got broken ribs, there’s nothing they can do for him besides pain pills anyway,” Tony pointed out. “My saying anything wouldn’t be worth a damn to that kid. Best solution was to give him his form and get the hell out, Capsicle.” Steve’s expression darkened, and he opened his mouth to say something, but Pepper cut in.
of all you people
information, and Tony, at least, could use a general primer on the subject anyway. That was how Tony ended up sitting on the bed in Peter’s room, occasionally handing him a tool as he worked on something he called a ‘web shooter’ at his desk. Tony and a guess as to what that meant but also had no clue what that really meant.
Finally, on the third day, after Kate had one successful day at school under her belt, after the kids had left for yet another day, Tony emerged from her lab to find a black duffel sitting by the door. Tony froze. She wished fervently that it belonged to one of the Alts. She stood there for several minutes, begging whatever deity there might be, that it belonged to one of the Alts. But of course, she knew. She knew whose duffel that was, had seen it three thousand times before, when they went on long missions or (more rarely) on vacation. Eventually Steve walked into the hallway.
you, Katie, and keep you safe and happy. All right? So no more sneaking.” Kate just nodded, unable to speak. Her father just smiled, and turned back to his painting.
“And RHODEY, oh, God,” Tony giggled.
“But…” Peter said helplessly. “How do we
. He felt sick, felt light-headed. He could still remember the sound of the man’s neck snapping as he’d accidentally webbed him in the back of the head and pulled, intending to knock him over; could still see the shock on his face as he fell backwards and his helmet fell off. He could still see those eyes—hazel eyes—staring up at the sky, lifeless, still surprised. In fact, Peter felt
Jeanne Foucault – Finesse
“Yeah, I know,” Francis said. “I just wish she wasn’t pissed at me over it. Whatever. Laters Cap.” Francis flipped him a peace sign and took off, but not after Kate. Steve figured letting her cool off was also a wise decision. Steve headed down the hall, still followed by echoes of ABBA, his mind wandering to a musical laugh and a scrub brush microphone.
“Thanks Tasha,” Steve choked out, his voice still hoarse. “I needed that.”
“I can’t take solace in that, Tasha. I don’t even know if I can take solace in that once we have that. I can’t take solace in thinking she’s in a better place, or that she lived a full life or that everything happens for a reason. She’s just gone. And nothing is ever going to make that okay or better,” Steve said. He choked on his last words. He had been, for the past two days, been too flooded with adrenaline and exhaustion in equal turns to really consider Tony being gone. He’d shut that out after his disastrous response during the initial attack on Stark Tower. But now everything came flooding back, in waves and waves of pain and guilt and grief and rage. A tumult beneath a face he was keeping as stoic as he could. The MCU Avengers were in the other room. He couldn’t lose it here.
off. She had tried to shrug it off, but the odd feeling persisted. She continued to be baffled by it—Extremis kept her in prime condition, after all—until Aunt Flo refused to visit.
Tony ran a hand through her hair. She felt like she had aged a hundred years in just this past one. If it weren’t for the fact that she was terrified by the idea of anyone else in her position, she would have quit on the second day.
“What do we do to stop it?” Steve demanded.
“I could recommend you some reading, if you’d like,” Peter offered. “Loan you a few books. I don’t understand it completely myself, but, we’ve got a better library here than anywhere else on the subject.”
save his children. He
girls I’ve ever met,” he said as her expression slowly cleared of anger. “Besides, somebody takes off your head with an axe? I don’t think you’re coming back from that. You have just as much to risk when you step in the field, even if you’re a little harder to take down. Mortal, immortal—I’ve no doubt you’d be just as stupidly reckless and brave either way.” Then he smirked. “Well, ok, maybe you wouldn’t actively get in the way of explosions quite as often, but you know what I mean.” Torrun just smiled in response, then went back to her dinner with much more enthusiasm. James did the same—his green bean casserole was going to get cold and he could
“Oh, the truth hurts, doesn’t it?” 3490 Tony said. “You’re a thousand-fold harder on him than you ever have been on Kate and you know it. So don’t you dare go criticizing my parenting when you yourself could use a check in the mirror.” 3490 Steve looked very serious.
“Why didn’t you
“All right, well I’m getting that we’ve got a designation now—199999. That should be good, we can send them back. But what’s…
franchise, in Tony’s opinion; god only knew why Disney was trying a revival), and they didn’t just drop dead the moment their creepy corpse-like leader went down. Some of them had gotten caught up in the land mine explosions; Tony hoped none of their own people had gotten in the way. He’d shouted a warning down the comm before he’d done it, but the land mines had gone off everywhere, forming a fiery trench between the castle and the rest of the wilderness, which also meant it was largely a fiery trench between their people and Hydra agents.
