He liked it – those eyes and that wildness – far too much, and made an awkward, hasty retreat, dropping his gaze to the worn floor. Backing out of Cas’ space, he made for Baby’s stall, and began unbuckling her saddle.
“You’re not taking the mail tomorrow,” said Bobby, interrupting Dean’s rambling. He gaped at him, waiting for the punchline, but Bobby only stared back impassively.
“What happened next? You pull her into a dance? Flutter your eyelashes, steal a kiss?” He waggled his eyebrows at Cas.
All of this, of course, assuming Dean would even make it across town. It seemed unlikely, given the odds, that he’d be able to reach the post office without getting shot.
“Have you… met her?”
Dean stared at him for a moment. “Did you – was that a joke?”
His stomach sank, and it must have shown on his face, because she softened slightly. “Don’t you start worryin’ before you even know what he wants.”
“Damn you, Winchester!” A shot ripped through the air, the crack loud enough to wake the dead, but Baby was already flying down the worn dirt path away from the town, her rider waving his newly holey hat through the cloud of dust.
At his words, Cas’ eyes gradually moved up to meet Dean’s. Distantly they heard Bobby’s voice, drifting into the barn from the station. “Quit hazing the tenderfoot, Dean, and get inside for supper before Ellen has your hide.”
Dean stepped out of the stall and latched the door behind him. “We’ll head out first thing in the morning.”
Dean looked up from his place behind Lincoln, his brows furrowed. “Did I what?”
Dean always functioned better when he had an endgame to work towards; a direction to point in, a goal to focus on. It’s what had made him so valuable over the years – give him an objective, and he could adapt to fit whatever came at him. He wasn’t sure where the skill came from, exactly, although he knew it hadn’t been Dad. Dad had planned everything perfectly his whole life, and never learned how to function in the face of change. And Sam…
He looked back at Cas – really looked, for the first time since he’d met him.
A moment passed, and then another, but the station remained quiet save for the rushing of wind along the neighboring train tracks. Behind him, Baby nickered softly, and he forced himself to release some of the tension knotting his shoulders.
“Damn it, boy, then what?”
Bobby slammed the book shut and switched it out for a new one. “It ain’t permanent, just a side job.”
Dean threw his hands in the air and stomped out of the stable back toward the main station, leaving Cas squinting in the dust floating through the golden evening light.
It was… nice, Dean thought as he filled the feeding troughs, to share the routine with another person again. He set the buckets back down and opened his mouth, his decision made.
Dean flushed, desperately wishing he was still outside with the horses. “Not this time.”
“What is it?”
Cas’ eyes crinkled at the corners. “Hardly,” he said around a small smile, “since I was about five years old at the time. I was, by far, the youngest person there, and from what I remember, I spent most of the party miserable and bored. Mary, though, and her friends, found me amusing, and they slipped me sweets throughout the evening. It was kind of them, to pay me any attention.”
“Who’s –”
“Come on, come on,” Dean muttered, skidding around the corner of a flimsy clapboard building.  A shot cracked through the air, the bullet nearly clipping his heels.
“Okay, well, let’s go.”
“Lincoln is?” It clicked, suddenly. “Hold on a second –
“I want to hire you as a guide,” blurted Cas, “to take me west.”
“She likes you better than me,” Cas said after a few minutes of silence. Dean glanced at him, ready with a retort, but Cas’ face was placid, as though he was simply stating a fact.
“Gotta learn somehow. Okay, let her sniff you first – no, damn it, don’t make her walk to you, Jesus, I’m gonna get kicked in the head back here –” After a brief shuffling she finally settled back down, and Dean sighed under his breath. “There you go. Just keep her there.” He finished checking over her feet and stood up to glare at Cas. “It’s not that hard, pal.”
He started running as soon as he heard the wooden signpost crack under his bullet, the split-second distraction giving him a slight head start on the men grouped in the town square. Not long enough, though; within another second or two a shot whistled over his head. He cursed, willing his legs to move faster, and he cleared the corner as another nearly took off his head.
“You were due back near six hours ago,” Ellen said, with all the authority of a woman who lived directly across from a train and was often displeased by its loose interpretation of a schedule.
“Wash your face, too.”
“Bummers Gang giving you trouble again?”
His eyes, crinkling at the corners, betrayed amusement in his otherwise stony poker face. Dean shook his head, smiling slightly. “Just humor me. You’ve gotta be able to come up with something better.” He snapped his fingers. “Hey, I’ve got it – Rusty. No, wait. Dusty.”
Cas took his hand and shook it firmly. “It means we have a deal, Dean. I’ll be ready to leave at dawn.”
Shifted uncomfortably, Cas raised his eyes to meet Dean’s. “I don’t know, exactly. I was hoping for suggestions.”
He turned back around, furrowing his eyebrows at Cas, who was still standing between the two mares. “What now?”
“Oats, other end of the barn. Explain the name first, though.”
Dean shrugged, finishing off the knot tying his horse to the rail, and moved toward the porch. Before he could get farther than the bottom of the steps, though, Ellen had a hand up to stop him.
The stupid had already happened; he was still working on the way out. There was no way he’d make it out alive without Baby – of that he was certain.
“Did you?” Cas asked.
Cas watched him carefully as he stroked down her nose and held it gently in place, checking over her nostrils and gums, and then brushed her forelock back to get a better look at her eyes.
Dean wasn’t a poet, not by any stretch of his imagination. He’d simply never had the time – and besides, Sammy had been the dreamer, of the two of them, and so Dean had resolutely kept both feet firmly on the ground where they belonged and let his little brother wander with his head in the clouds.
After a long, tense moment, Cas’ face broke out into a small but genuine smile, his first since Dean had met him. “You drive a hard bargain, Mr. Winchester.”
He tugged at his reins, turning Baby’s head back toward the prairie, and let her ease into a walk before turning to glance back over his shoulder again. “To be honest, fellas, it was damn dark last night,” he called, “and I’m not all that sure which of your sister’s mouths was all over me, only that she was real enthusiastic about sucking my-”
Dean studied him for another moment, then flicked his eyes to Bobby, who nodded once. “Let’s say I agree to this,” he said. “What’re you offering?”
Cas was already walking away when he called over his shoulder, “Mr. Lincoln is a brilliant politician.”
going to name her Mary,” he said, a bit more harshly than was probably warranted, and desperately hoped that Cas wouldn’t pick up on the waver in his voice.
“No.”
Dean had nearly forgotten that Cas was behind him and startled when he spoke. He clenched a hand in Baby’s mane. “People generally refer to horses by their names, Cas,” he said, turning to meet the other man’s eyes. “Why, what’s –”
If possible, Cas’ face got redder, and he staunchly refused to look at Dean. “The salesman assured me that I was buying a gelding.”
“Actually, I think we have a few hours of daylight left, so we should get started now, before the sun sets.”
“I’m not - what?”
A hurt expression flashed across Cas’ face, but it quickly hardened into his familiar glare. “I am positive that will not be an issue,” he replied icily, and Dean grimaced back at him. “Is that everything? No luggage and no bonding?”
“Dean.” Dean finally looked up at Bobby, who was leaning across the desk with his hands folded in front of him, his face an uncomfortably unreadable mask. “Do you still want this job?”
“Y’know, it helps if you stand closer to them when you try to lead them anywhere,” said Dean. Cas huffed at him and glared at the horse, who blinked balefully back.
Dean gaped at him. “You know what, we’re gonna come back to that,” he rasped, trying not to think about what he could do with that much money. “Where, uh. Where are you headed?”
Dean took a deep breath, counted to ten, and reminded himself that everyone had been new at this, once; though, admittedly, most people were not in their mid-twenties when confronted with the care and keeping of their horses for the first time.
He sighed. “Yes, ma’am.”
It could have been in the strength of his long fingers or the unruly curl of his dark hair, or in the solid, straight lines of his shoulders and back. He carried himself like a soldier, or a mountain lion: coiled and ready to spring.
Straightening back up in the saddle, Dean eyed the group in front of him. They leered back, grimy under the faded brims of hats that might have been considered well-worn a decade ago. The way Dean saw it, there were a few ways this could go: the easiest was to turn tail and get out of town quietly, avoiding any further property damage.
Glancing across the table, Dean caught Cas shifting awkwardly in his chair. He cleared his throat, interrupting Ellen’s muttering. “You were telling Cas about Edlund?”
“What – Baby? Nah, that’s not really her name.” At Cas’ raised eyebrow he bit his lower lip and wished, briefly, that he hadn’t mentioned anything. “My dad named her Impala – he saw one, once, way before I was born. Used to say it was the prettiest damn animal he’d ever seen. Real graceful. But,” and he paused to grin affectionately at his horse, who nickered delicately from her neighboring stall, “she kept following me around like a big baby, asking for attention, so I started calling her that, and, well. It stuck.” It had also pissed off his dad, however unintentional the renaming had been, but Cas didn’t need to know that part.
Nodding, Dean slowly retrieved his hand. “No arguments?”
“Baby?”
“Cousin or mother?”
“And if I come back and tell you I have a decent reason?”
Cas’ features tightened, but he nodded. “Understandable.”
“Can’t talk, Howard, I needed to be going five minutes ago. Where’s my other-” Howard tossed him his second saddlebag. “Thanks, man, I owe you one.”
He bit the words back, reburying them down between his ribs where they belonged. “She’s a few years younger than me. We grew up together.”
Cas tilted his head. “I meant to mention something earlier. Are you aware that your trousers are inside out?”
Arranging himself so that he could knead while facing the table, Dean took the momentary quiet as an opportunity to study the man in front of him.
“I can tell.”
Bobby stood for a long minute, staring silently at him, then dropped into his desk chair with a sigh. “Garth isn’t going to muck anything up.”
“Yeah, I know.” He swallowed around the lump that had lodged itself in his throat. “I’ll, uh, be out as soon as the train comes in tomorrow morning. Baby’ll be rested enough for the first leg, and if the weather holds, I can probably make Rock Creek by supper so long’s Jesse’s ready for me this time.”
of all people should be nowhere near Dean’s route.
Dean stretched a hand out toward Lincoln, inviting her to sniff his palm. She nosed him eagerly, mouthing for another treat, and he reached up to scratch her ears as she gently took the sugar cube from him. “Atta girl. Gonna behave for me?”
“Absolutely not, I never joke.”
He left Bobby behind the desk and trudged back to the kitchen, where Cas and Ellen still sat at the table. Cas glanced up when he walked in.
Howard followed him back out the door and leaned on the porch railing, watching him sling the bags over Baby’s broad back. Dean swung into the saddle and reached out to shake his hand. “Anything I can do for you, name it.”
“No, you idjit,” said Bobby, stopping suddenly enough that Dean nearly ran into him. He sighed again, turning to look at the younger man. “Dean, I could try to explain, but you’re too damn thick-skulled to listen, so it’s probably easiest for you just to meet him.”
“Did you run into Indians?”
Garth, sweet man though he was, was possibly the last person who should guide anyone anywhere, particularly when that someone was as inexperienced as Cas looked. Dean sighed heavily, feeling the fight begin to drain out of him, and stood.
The narrow space between the buildings was, at least for the moment, empty. He breathed heavily through his nose, sure fingers refastening the buttons on his shirt, and tried to remember where he’d tied up Baby the night before.
He pumped another bucketful for Baby, and, after a moment of deliberation, grabbed a second bucket for the other mare.
Dean figured he’d be getting his ass handed to him one way or another, so he shot back, “Got held up.” To his surprise she only sighed at him, shaking her head.
He grimaced. “I’ve never actually owned a dog.”
“Healthy as a horse,” Dean replied with a grin, and threw his head back to laugh when Cas’ expression soured again. “C’mon, pal, loosen up a little,” he said, still wheezing slightly. “You look like you’re being strangled with your own cravat.”
“Christ, give me that, will you?” Dean snatched the reins from Cas and pulled gently, and she walked forward without a complaint. “Lincoln, you’re not so bad, huh? Bit stubborn but nothing we can’t handle. Hey Cas, why’d you pick such a weird name, anyway?” In the span of a minute or so, Cas had disappeared, and Dean frowned. "Cas? We're gonna have issues if you're skippin' out on me already."
“No, there’s one more thing.”
Dean wasn’t known for taking the easy way out. He was also, regrettably, not known for keeping his mouth shut, particularly when under duress.
“I’d better be, at this point,” Dean said, brushing a hand along her neck and back, and then bent to put one ear to her flank. He listened for a moment, concentrating, then patted her gently. “Well, Mr. Novak, I still need to take a look at her hooves, but right now it looks like you got awful lucky.”
This man, though. Dean just… had no other real way to describe him. Everything from his clothing to his demeanor to his goddamn matching luggage stacked in the corner behind him spoke of a far more luxurious life than Dean had or would ever know.
“C’mon,” called Bobby over his shoulder, disappearing around the corner into the kitchen. “Wasted enough time yammering already.”
different assignments – that was the entire point of the job. The mail had to move west from the rail station in St. Joseph as quickly as possible, and so there was no room for trading assignments or posts like penny candy from a corner store. Another thought cut through the fog threatening to overwhelm him. “Wait. A week or so?”
Dean grunted as he took a pick to Baby’s hooves, glad of an excuse to keep his face hidden. “Doesn’t really roll off the tongue,” he concluded after a slightly too-long pause.
Lincoln? The lawyer? Isn’t he running for president?”
“Damn it, Cas, what did I just say? Rule number three?”
Cas furrowed his brows, his blue eyes catching Dean’s own. “A mare?” At Dean’s nod, he flushed, breaking Dean’s gaze to stare at the ground.
He jammed his hat back on his head, finger catching in the hole puncturing the soft felt. “That,” he drawled loudly, “was my best hat.”
“Thought we weren’t supposed to have side jobs.”
Flying up the stairs two at and time and through the clapboard door, Dean burst into the post office, startling the postmaster, who glanced up over the stack of papers he was holding.
the beginning,” Cas shot back, “and the middle.” He held up a hand before Dean could raise any more objections, and relaxed slightly in his chair when no one else interrupted. “Truthfully, the details aren’t particularly important. I arrived here by rail last night and would like to continue my journey into the Nebraska Territory as soon as possible. I’ve been informed that you’re one of the better horsemen riding out of St. Joseph, and I’d like to hire you as a guide. What I’d like to know is whether you’re interested, or if I’ve wasted my time here.”
“Damn it, Dean. No,” he snapped, then slowly deflated under Dean’s stare. “I don’t… I don’t know what I’m doing.”
“Him?”
“Wasted enough time yammering already,” Dean mimicked under his breath. Something else was nagging at him, and he stood between the wooden table and secretary, trying to figure out what it was. It hit him after a moment.
“God help me,” Dean muttered. “Well, Cas, your lady needs a good grooming before supper, so,” he tossed an extra brush across the stable, “make yourself useful.”
“It’s not going to make a difference one way or another.” Under Bobby’s glare, Dean rolled his eyes but relented. “Fine. What?”
Cas’ jaw ticked as he stared at the ground in front of him, one hand clenching his overcoat and the other flexing at his side.
“Grow up with it.”
Dean’s knees threatened to buckle beneath him. “You can’t just – what about the mail, Bobby?”
“So I’ve heard,” Cas replied easily. His palm was dry under Dean’s, the pads of his long fingers unblemished by the callouses of a poorer man. Dean was suddenly very conscious of the shreds of dough still stuck to his own scarred hands.
The man – Cas – narrowed his eyes, but his hand remained extended and unwavering. The part of Dean’s brain that had previously convinced him that it would be a good idea to tangle with several different sheriff’s daughters wanted to wait him out and see how long he’d keep his arm hanging in the air between them. Ellen’s pursed lips and tightening grip on her cleaver quickly disabused him of that notion, however, and so with a shrug and a muttered, “Dean Winchester,” he took the other man’s hand.
Sighing, Bobby settled back into his chair. Although his jaw was still tight (Dean, who had been no stranger to that particular face as a boy, didn’t need to be able to see him clearly to know), the dark line of his shoulders outlined against the windows relaxed. “I’ll be holding you to it.”
They were the color he’d always thought the Pacific Ocean would be, if only he could make it there to see it. Staring into them felt both like drowning and coming home.
“What? Do you want me to rename my horse again?”
“Neither, this time. I’ll fill you in whenever you pass through next.” He looked over Dean’s shoulder and frowned. “You best be going, son, they don’t look too happy.”
“A lawyer who’s going to be president, yes.”
She’d been like that for as long as he’d known her, far before they’d lived within a hundred miles of any train tracks. Dean vividly remembered the only time he, Sam, and Jo had gotten home late for dinner – he’d been twelve, and much too confident in his own map-reading skills – because it had only happened once. Ellen, for all her stellar qualities, could put the fear of God in just about anyone. Sam used to swear he’d seen her cuss out a grizzly for stealing the chickens. It was certainly possible.
“Is it that bad?”
Biting his cheek, Dean nodded. “I know.”
“Good news, Baby, you don’t have to organize a search and rescue after all,” he said once they reached her. “Let’s go get you settled, huh?”
“You think so?”
And then, of course, there were his eyes.
Cas turned and pursed his lips, looking every bit as annoyed as Dean felt, and nodded stiffly.
Dean rolled his eyes. “How about you try starting at the beginning, ‘stead of the middle.”
“Alright. Here’s how it’s gonna go. I’ll take you,” Cas looked for all the world like he was going to interject something, but Dean raised a hand, stopping him, “but I have a few conditions.”
“Is that supposed to make me worry less?”
Cas squinted at him. “Why?”
Taking advantage of the momentary dusty quiet, Dean frowned at the clasp on his pants, realized he’d shoved them on inside out, and bit his lip to keep from cursing at his own stupidity. Shaking his head, he rolled the waistband down over his hips, then began threading his belt through the loops.
“Goddamn it, no. Believe me, city boy, I would love nothing more than to be rid of your company as soon as possible -” Cas snorted, but Dean pushed on, steadfastly ignoring him. “- but the prairie ain’t exactly safe at night, and I’m not willing to take any unnecessary risks, no matter how much you’re paying me. Plus, I don’t know about Ms. Mary Todd over there, but Baby’s been out all day and needs the rest.”
“Bobby wanted to talk to you whenever you got in.”
Altogether, Cas should have been unremarkable. He had the distinctly harried look of a man who spent too much time hunched over a writing desk, far more comfortable experiencing the world through paper and black ink than living vicariously in full color. He was thin and pale and composed of more sharp edges than soft ones, though he moved with the kind of genteel grace that spoke of years of tutors and starched collars.
“Hello,” he said in a voice far lower than Dean had been expecting, based on the slightness of his body under that giant coat. “My name is Cast-” The man swallowed away the second syllable and tried again. “Cas. Cas Novak.”
On one end of the alley lay the open prairie and the promise of freedom. Or, to be more specific, freedom as far as he could run on his own two legs without any supplies. On the other was the town square, a small gang of angry men, and, unfortunately, his horse. Unbidden, an old memory of his father’s voice rumbled through his head.
“You have a terrible taste in names,” commented Cas dryly. “Besides,” he continued, “you named your horse after a human child. I hardly think Lincoln is improper by comparison.”
“Get over here and hold her bridle for me, keep her head still.”
It shouldn’t have grated at him the way it did. And yet, this
“You done stewin’, or do we need to find something else for you to beat on?” Bobby grumbled at him from behind a ledger.
They lapsed again into silence, but the tension that had previously thickened the air between them was gone. It was, if not quite comfortable, at least companionable; Cas had evidently gotten over his apprehension for his mare and brushed her attentively, the way Dean had demonstrated for him.
It was easier not to look at him when they spoke. Dean grabbed the door handle, waving him through. “Gotta put the horses up.”
“Jo is Ellen’s daughter,” Dean interrupted. “She’s my –”
“You think something could be wrong with her?”
Dean let out a low hum before coming around front of him and pressing their lips together.
The kids in Cas’ class seemed to be about eight years old and listened to him with rapt attention, all except one little girl in the back row, she was freckle-faced with wire-rim glasses and she kept twisting around to get a look at Dean.
“I’ll have the same but with a coke” Dean said, trying to catch Bobby’s eye to glare at him so he would stop analyzing Cas.
You’re wonderful.” Dean stated, pulling off the lid and inhaling the delicious aroma coming from the container. “Hey guys! Lunch is here!”
Dean groaned and buried his face in his hands. “I don’t know how I’m gonna look Cas in the eyes again. You won’t tell him will you?”
“Since you started going out with my brother!” Gabriel exclaimed, looking more and more agitated by the second.
Gabriel was never interested in Cas’ love live. Preferring to stay out of it. But Gabriel seemed intrigued when Cas told him about his date with Dean. Very intrigued. To the point where he even came over to help Cas get ready and Gabriel never did that before. He rarely did anything without having some sort of gain.
“Calm down Cas.” Gabriel said with a laugh. “When is he going to have time to visit again?”
“We’re closing up in a little while.” She said kindly, eyes full of sympathy.
“Its fine,” Cas said crawling up beside him, depositing the bottle of lube and the box of condoms on the bed next to him.
“This is room 67, isn’t it?” The taller man said, wiping his brow.
Cas smiled and stood to embrace his brother. “Thank you Gabriel. I can only hope you one day find the same happiness I have.”
With everyone’s attention on Dean and Cas, Thomas began to feel left out and in retaliation he flung a handful of cake at his daddy.
After they had both screamed their lungs out, he had taken a drive, when he got back he found John unresponsive on the kitchen floor. He shakily told them about the hospital and the funeral, then told them about being in the bar and all of a sudden waking up here.
“Did you top or bottom?”
"Hey, Novak."
Cas looked up and was surprised to see a gentle look on Gabriel’s face.
“Hope you like all that stuff,” The blond said, returning with a chair and a box. “We’ve got a bed on the way for you but it might take a few days so I got you this to use.” He handed Castiel the box, which had a picture of an inflatable mattress on the front.
Dean returned it with enthusiasm and slid an arm around his waist and one in his hair while Cas’ arms came up around his neck.
“No problem, buddy.” Dean said waving him off as Sam and Bobby walked out.
Cas snorted. “Of course not. I- I don’t want anything big or flashy. Just something small that will remind me of you.”
Guys! I finally finished!!! Thank you all for your support and a special thanks to everyone who helped me with editing and ideas!!!
Bobby whirled around, eyes blazing with fury. “Do you think this is funny?” He snapped.
“Cuddles are good,” Cas murmured, shifting around so they were spooning, him being the little spoon. He thought they would rest for only a moment before going their separate ways, or well Cas would leave and Dean would stay here. It was his apartment after all. But it almost sounded like Dean was falling asleep and Cas didn’t know if he was supposed to spend the night or slip out. He tried to carefully pull himself away but an arm slid around his waist.
“Please take off your pants and underwear and set them aside,” Cas said, turning to the gloves dispenser and sliding on a pair with an audible snap. He waited till the rustle of fabric had stopped before turning around to ask a question but the sight before him stopped him dead in his tracks.
“Do you want to stop?”
“You never even met him.” Cas said with an amused snort.
It took him a bit to get the hang of tattooing again, Sam and Gabriel had the shitty tattoos to prove it, but once he got his confidence back it was like riding a bike.
Several days later, Castiel returned home from his classes to find a bed, a refrigerator full of groceries, and a brand new prepaid cell phone. The phone already had a contact in it and Castiel couldn’t help but roll his eyes because honestly? A Thief in the Night?
“Sammy,” Dean said. “He convinced Gabe to get matching tats with him for his birthday.”
“Yeah,” Cas said, leaning up for a kiss.
“What about pumpkin pie?” Cas suggested. “The first pie I made you was pumpkin.”
It looked like he had just gotten out of a shower. His hair was damp and he was wearing the dark blue bathrobe Dean had gotten for him.
“No. It’s fine.” He said with a laugh. “I don’t think you’d make this up.”
"Prove it." Castiel said flatly.
The message cut out. Dean’s heart was pounding like a jackhammer, he felt as though he couldn’t pull in any air. He quickly replayed the message and listened to it carefully. “EVP.” He mumbled under his breath.
The other man looked relieved. “Would you like some coffee?” He asked.
“I miss seeing her around here.” Dean remarked.
Cas leaned over from the counter where he was making an apple pie “Who would have the key and who would have the lock?”
“I’m not using you for anything.” Dean said. “He’s being ridiculous.”
“I don’t mind waiting.” Dean said with a smile. “Not for you.”
“Alright then, I’m going to go out and help myself to that apple pie.” He said, quickly making himself scarce but not without giving Dean a stern, warning look.
“I know,” Cas said, starting to shake.
“Dean?” Cas called out as he shoved his way in. He searched the room and located Dean on the floor in a tangle of sheets and blankets. “Are you alright?” Cas asked, rushing over to his side. He scanned him for injuries and then looked around the room for a possible threat.
“What?” Gabriel asked, pulling out the lollipop. “Now?”
Should he knock? Cas had told him to come on in but did he mean it?
Dean cursed under his breath. "You mean we have to track down that son of a bitch? I mean hell they could be anywhere by now."
"I beg to differ. Now Rowena will you please break the spell." Sam begged as Cas pressed himself tightly against him.
Bobby snorted, “What else is new?”
Red stained Bobby’s cheeks and it took Dean all but five seconds to realize Bobby, the most stoic man he knew, was blushing.
"Dean, what is wrong." Cas demanded, walking over to stand over the bed.
Cas nodded and turned to the class. “Does anyone think they can tell me what a tattoo artist does?”
Cas barely had time to get up before the door was shoved open and two people came in, dragging a table in with them.
“Good to know,” Dean said, the last work turning into a long moan as Cas slowly sank down.
Dean came to a halt and sucked in a deep breath. “Cas,” He said, taking the prince’s hands in his own. “I…. I am of neither nobility nor wealth. I am no more than a soldier in your father’s army. I am unworthy of the attentions of a prince.”
“I was ready five minutes ago,” Cas grunted out as Dean playfully grazed his prostate.
Dean beamed and opened his mouth to thank her but was interrupted by Sam clearing his throat.
Cas hummed and looked at the clock. “Let’s try for six-thirty.”
“It’ll take like ten minutes!”
Cas hummed and scanned the file once more before setting it aside and walking over to the sink. “You put down that you are okay with a physical examination?” He asked looking over his shoulder as he thoroughly washed his hands.
“Yeah sure… What are you going to tell Cas?”
Dean let himself take in the sight of the little white house. He had avoided it during his time back for the obvious reasons and it was so interesting to see how much of it had stayed the same and how much had changed.
Castiel sighed and thought a moment before smirking. "You said a week till that diner opens?"
“Don’t act like I don’t know what you’re doing,” Gabriel snarled. “You’re only doing it to get back at me for dating Sam!”
Cas stopped and blinked at him in confusion. “I thought you said-,”
Until the demon showed up one night, demanding that Bobby held up his end of the deal.
“We will?” Gabriel asked with a frown.
“No I do not, I have my friend Gabriel do it for me.”
That night, Dean and Cas were snuggled together on the couch, eating out of a bowl of popcorn. Dean was languidly pressing kisses to the top of the shorter man’s head while Cas traced his fingertips over the tattoos on Dean’s forearm.
“Is that your boy?”
“We’ll have to fix that next year, wont we.” Dean said, giving her tummy a soft tickle, grinning at the look of joy on his niece’s face and her bubbly laugh.
“Of course I am.” Gabriel said smugly.
“He….” What had happened to him? He never called, any attempts at calling him went straight to voicemail, and there was no one fitting his description that had turned up at the morgues in the past several years. It was as if he vanished into this air. Bobby swallowed harshly.
“You know,” Dean said softly as he reached out and took Cas’ hands. “You’re my family too.”
The only thing that really changed was the help. Gabriel had brought on a young woman by the name of Charlie to run the counter and do most of the bookwork. She was the little sister Dean never had. They spent most of their spare time talking shit about Gabriel and chatting about each other’s passions, hers being LARPing and his being his beloved baby which Crowley had poofed into Bobby’s driveway shortly after Dean’s arrival.
“I’ve never seen someone more beautiful.” Cas whispered, glancing up at his brother.
When Dean didn’t respond, Bobby thankfully dropped the subject and slapped a few pancakes on his plate and told him to dig in.
“Do you know him?” Cas inquired, eyebrows furrowed.
Cas flushed and threw an apple peel at him.
“Cute,”
“I was hoping you’d like to come to my house and have some coffee.” Cas stated, holding the strap of his briefcase tightly with both hands, a sign of nervousness.
So this was about Jess. Dean thought with a deep frown. This is what Sam had wished his life was like. But then why was it from Dean’s point of view? Interested, he kept reading.
“We’re almost done, just hang in there.” Dean reassured him, patting his leg.
"I do not think your statement was accurate Dean." Cas said seriously.
“Crowley, why?” Dean asked, furrowing his brow.
Dean sighed, “That better be you Gabriel.” He called, keeping his eyes on the tattoo he was in the process of creating; it was a simple skull with a crack running from the top to between the eyes.
Cas spluttered. “I- what?”
“Yes, now.” Dean said, pushing past him.
Dean’s face darkened and his jaw slacked in shock before tightening.
Cas smiled in a way that almost seemed fond. “I’m not going to fight you, Dean.” He said, helping him tilt the bed forward so he was propped up more. “I know you would win anyway.”
"I don't think Dean will be having any dessert tonight." Sam piped up.
Dean snickered and flashed him a grin as he picked up a screwdriver off the floor.
Rowena smiled. “That’s wonderful. I’m sure you like having your boys close.”
The Captain smiled and bowed, taking his hand in his own and pressing a soft kiss to the back of it. “If fighting this war was what it took for us to meet it will have been worth it, your highness.”
Bobby laid a comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder. “He brought you back to me Dean, the least I can do is humor him.”
“See you then.” Cas repeated waving shyly as Dean walked out the door.
He blinked at it before slowly, walking over and pulling his open, peering in cautiously before dropping his backpack with a huff filled with as much irritation as he could muster. “You broke into my house.” He said accusingly. “Again.”
Bobby humoured him. It had been a long time before anyone had really given him a second glance and he found it endearing, although he wasn’t sure what he did to catch the younger man’s attention in the first place.
He paused at his door, keys in hand.
“And what would that be?”
“I take it he’s not around,”
“Or Cassie.” Gabriel said, coming out from the back. “He likes that.”
Cas beamed. “Wonderful! I look forward to see you!” He reached over the counter and shook Dean’s hand before nodding at Gabriel and walking out the slightly cracked glass door of the parlor.
Ty opened his mouth to ask a question but was interrupted by Bobby strolling back over to the table, an iced tea in hand.
Gabriel was nowhere in sight which wasn’t a surprise. But at the counter, watching the older woman walk out the front door with mild shock, was a very attractive man in a tan trench coat. His black hair was tousled in the perfect “just had sex” look and his sun-kissed skin was smooth and flawless. He turned to look at Dean and the taller man nearly gasped when he fluttered his baby blue eyes and smiled a pearly white smile.
There was no doubt in his mind that she knew John had died and that Dean was related to him. It was a small town, everyone knew everything and if you didn’t know you were bound to eventually. For days all he got were condolences and pitying looks, he didn’t know if he could stand anymore of it.
Dean slowly moved backwards until the backs of his knees hit the bed.
Like a good laugh, for example.
Dean’s phone buzzed, alerting him of an incoming text. He picked it up and frowned.
“Do you want me to hold your hand, Cassie?” The way Gabriel said it sounded like he was mocking Cas, but Dean had no doubt that if Cas were to asked, Gabriel would stay right there and hold his little brother’s hand.
“I didn’t get a cake all to myself.” Olivia said, pouting up at Dean.
Cas scoffed and shoved his shoulder playfully before getting up to clean the mess left over from baking.
“The Kansas District.” Cas said, eyes alighting. “Home of the most beautiful sunflowers around, if I am correct.”
It took Cas a second to realize what he meant before clicking the light switch back on.
And that settled it; he wriggled around so he was comfortable and let out a content sigh before letting exhaustion take him.
It would have never worked out between him and Gabriel now that he thought about it. Gabriel was the Crown Prince for his father’s sake. His job was to learn to rule and produce heirs to carry on the lineage and he couldn’t do that with Dean. No, Gabriel would have to find himself a sweet little wife to bear his children.
“Stay,” Dean murmured sleepily into his ear.
“I was committed, Michael wasn’t.” Mr. Winchester stated, pulling a face.
Sam leaned over and whispered softly in his ear and Gabriel’s face lit up. “Of course we will.” He said quickly, grinning in a way that made Dean uneasy.
“I can show you the police records if you want.” Dean said quickly but Cas interrupted him with a loud snort of amusement.
He moved to sink down to sit on the mattress. “Gabriel I’m sorry, I jumped to conclusions.” Cas said wearily. “You… you just were so interested, and you’re never interested in my dating life and I guess-.”
"No." Dean said with a huff. "I'll do it. No sweets? I can do that."
“Cas,” Dean said with a stiff nod. “What can I do for you?”
“Are you even listening to me?” Gabriel asked irritably, snapping Cas out of his daze.
“Four?” Dean asked, shooting a look to the clock. “That’s nearly seven hours, what the hell did you two do? Or do I even wanna know?” He pulled a face.
Cas chuckled and placed another kiss on Dean’s lips. “So if I get the pie tattoo, what are you going to get?”
The man hummed thoughtfully. “What happened to him?”
Dean frowned in confusion. He didn’t know a kid named Odette and he sure as hell didn’t hold any baby right after they had been born. He continued.
“Alright, now does anyone have any questions for Mr. Singer?” Cas asked when he had finished.
Dean swallowed harshly and the contents of his drink out and rinsed the glass quickly before filling it with water, trying to ignore Cas as the other man opened the fridge and poured himself some juice.
He walked into the parlor the next morning in a terrific mood, humming along to an AC/DC song. He was pleasantly surprised to see Gabriel already there, sitting at the counter reading a magazine.
Bobby jabbed Chuck in the side just as sharply but without any of the mirth. “I suppose. He’s got a good future ahead of him and he enjoys his work, he plans to focus mainly on family affairs. He’s settled in with his girlfriend Eileen.”
The particular customer had been coming into the diner every day at closing time for the past few weeks, shamelessly flirting with him and tempting him with the promise that he could give him anything he desired.
Castiel groaned. "You're not gonna let this go are you?"
“I’ll have steak please, medium-rare, with a side of mashed potatoes and a ginger ale” Cas said, smiling politely at Bobby while he set the menu aside.
Dean kicked off his shoes and hung his leather jacket up next to Cas’ trench coat. “Why is dinner late?” He asked curiously as he followed Cas into the kitchen. He was hit with the bitter smell of burnt food.
Dean waited patiently as Sam shifted around, tensing when a woman’s voice filtered through the speakers.
The door bell rang and Dean could hear Charlie greeting someone.
Cas’ cheeks flared up brightly. “Good to know.”
Sure enough Cas stood waiting for him. It looked like he just got out of school for the day, he was wearing his trench coat and was clutching his briefcase, looking uncomfortable and out of place.
They chatted quietly while the mechanic spoke about his job and then the next person went up, a storekeeper with bright red hair then after her it was a nurse by the name of Blake. Some people would stay after their turn and some would leave. The mechanic and Blake stayed behind and were good company, but the storekeeper and Jo left right after they were done.
"Wait please." He begged as Castiel gave him an annoyed look. "I really, really like you."
“You know what,” Cas quickly interrupted, tapping his jaw. “I have a question for you, Mr. Singer. What is the most interesting tattoo you’ve ever done?”
Gabriel carefully scanned the crowds for the man Cas was referring to then his entire face lit up. “That’s Captain Dean Winchester. He’s the one-,”
It was.... unexpected. He never had trouble getting dates. And it wasnt like Castiel was straight. He had been out ever since they were in middle school.
Cas learned quickly that Dean was extremely thorough when it came to prep, which was very considerate, especially when he thought back to several of his past partners, but there was a point where it was no longer considerate and he was just being an ass.
"You're giving up sweets? Indefinitely?" Mary asked with a raised eyebrow.
She climbed out of her chair to stand up before taking a deep breath. “Tootoo artists draw on people’s skin and make it stay forever.”
“What can I get you boys?” He asked, pen poised over the paper.
“Tattoos, Vicki. And while that is a very good description I do believe there’s a bit more to it than that. Mr. Singer, would you mind explaining what you do?”
“Stop picking at my cushions,” Bobby barked over the diner counter.
“And?” Dean asked. There was always an 'and' with Gabriel.
“Your kid?” Dean asked weakly.
The blond shook his head. “Man, I came here to rob you but shit buddy, you ain’t got nothing.”
“Wait here,” He demanded before slamming the door shut, swearing when it popped open and slamming it a few more times until it latched. "I'll fix that!" He called.
“I know” Cas said with a sigh. “I hope you don’t mind these, they’re from the restaurant down the street” He said, digging out a burger for each of them.
Cas paused and unfolded his arms. “Okay that’s a new one.”
“Who is it?” Bobby asked, leaning over.
“Who knows? Maybe father had him executed.” Gabriel said offhandedly. “I’m kidding.” He quickly added when he saw Cas’ paranoid expression.
Comments are appreciated and constructive criticism is welcomed
Dean flushed. “I.D.s out, now. I better not have to kick anyone out”
Dean nodded slowly before picking up the tattoo machine and turning it on. “This is your last chance, buddy.”
The older man and the taller one followed shortly after, carrying a TV and a DVD player that looked suspiciously like the ones Nick owned before they were stolen.
“What’s that tattoo on your shoulder?” She asked, pointing to her own collarbone.
“This is Castiel Novak.” Gabriel said with a small smirk.
“Yeah. Yeah okay. Be safe jerk.”
Gabriel snickered and hopped up on a stool, pulling his phone out.
She noticed Cas’ intense fascination and offered to show him how to do it, and offer he snatched up greedily, much to Dean’s dismay.
As the Pastor left, the mechanic went up to the delight of a chubby blonde girl in the front row.
“You garden?” Dean’s eyebrow rose, whether in amusement or interest Cas didn’t know.
He found “yoga” to be tedious, as his trench coat and suit didn’t allow him to be as flexible as the hobby required and he didn’t enjoy the solitaire card games Sam showed him. “Binge watching” wasn’t very interesting either although there was a documentary on bees that he watched from time to time. He wasn’t so good at painting or drawing, and he didn’t hold much interest in reading if it wasn’t for research.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean shook his head fiercely. "I- I can't. I won't." He let out a wobbly sigh. "I'm just gonna try and go back to sleep."
“Uh… Doc?” Mr. Winchester said with a breathy laugh. “Everything okay?”
“It’s not Cas, it’s someone you don’t know.” Dean said, rifling under the counter for his car keys. “Do you know if Sam is in class?”
” Cas said as he watched Dean drawn. He beamed at him.
“I did.” Gabriel said, coldly. “Did you enjoy yours with mine?”
A reversal spell for a love spell to be exact. It had been a completely normal day, they were out on an easy salt and burn when out of no where a cloaked figure showed up and did something to Sam and Cas before disappearing just like that. At first it didn't seem like anything had happened but then Dean noticed that Cas, newly human Cas, wasn't acting right. His
“Yes! Yes of course!” Cas cried.
Castiel shot a glance at Sam, who was blowing up the mattress. He rolled his eyes at his brother before pulling his jacket tighter around him. “Hey Bobby, you might as well take a look at the furnace, sure doesn’t seem to be working.”
Dean paused and gave himself a minute to collect his thoughts before walking out of the booth.
Ever since then his mind had been racing, trying to come up with a plan to get everyone out of the bunker long enough to have a peek and he think he had finally done it.
“I’ve got stuff to clean up.” He protested weakly.
"Why not? Are you sick?" Mary asked with concern etched in her features.
Chuck’s snicker disappeared into a cough that was too strained to be real as Ty choked on his drink.
“Gabriel!” Sam spluttered, cheeks going red.
Cas sighed and looked around the ballroom. He had long ago learned to just tune Gabriel out when he was talking about his latest catch. Instead he chose to focus on the dancers.
Cas held extremely still. He could feel himself teetering on the edge and it would be a shame to end this moment so quickly, especially when he wasn’t sure he was ever going to get the chance again.
.” He added firmly in a tone that left little room for argument.
Dean busied himself with one of the displays so he wouldn’t have to look the other man in the eyes. “I don’t know,” He said, acting disinterested. “I’m pretty sure I have stuff planned for tonight.” He was acutely aware of Charlie sneakily watching them from the booth.
"We do not have sexual tension!" Dean shouted, feeling his cheeks go red.
At first Dean thought he was playing hard to get but no matter what he did, get him flowers, offer him a ride to school or home, or even romantically ask him out, he always said no. Always.
But curiously enough the blond didn’t seem to want to attack him. Instead he turned around in a full circle, taking in the pitiful surroundings of which Castiel called home. There wasn’t much, just a pile of blankets in the corner, an overturned box with a stool beside it that he used as a table and chair, a suitcase with his clothes in it, and a small kitchenette that had a microwave and not much else.
Cas grimaced. “I better be going.” He said, clutching the empty fast food bag. “Gabriel will be coming in
Cas hummed and walked over to the coffee pot.
“Sammy went to law school for a while before decided to join in on the family business.”
“I can’t explain right now,” Dean said, shoving the door open. “I just have to go.”
“It’s alright,” Cas said as he stepped in. He hung his trench coat up next to Dean’s jacket and looked around.
It was decided by Sam and his girlfriend, Jess that Dean would stay with them. They claimed it was because they wanted to spend time with him but Dean knew they really just wanted to make sure he was taking his medication.
“You took it all,” Dean said, sounding breathless. “Would it be weird if I just proposed to you right now?”
He wanted to scream at Cas, tell him how stupid he was, how much pain and anguish he had put him through, but outside in the living room, Dean could hear Olivia inquiring about his whereabouts and he decided now was not the time.
Dean groaned and let his head fall back on the bed.
“This is the longest I’ve dated anyone.”
Bobby laughed in the man’s face. “Nothing you could give me,” He said before ringing up the man’s order for a cup of coffee.
He blinked in surprise. He didn’t even remember turning down this road.
Sorry this has taken so long to update. I didn't like the chapter I had written so I rewrote it multiple times. I promise I'll make it up to you guys some how!
Sam looked up at Dean with a nervous look in his eyes. "Uhm... No... I think we got this down... Why don't you do watch some tv?"
Dean’s phone buzzed again this time with Castiel asking for information for a background check. He hesitated for a minute.
Gabriel sat up instantly, looking intrigued. “What’s it say?”
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Sam asked. “You could make up an excuse? Say I needed you here or something.”
"That's what I thought." Castiel said.
Bobby survived 5 more football stories, 3 more drinks, and 1 drunk Chuck Shurley nearly passed out against him before he finally caved and excused himself to get some air.
After all they been through, all the monsters they hunted, all the shit they dealt with, John had died from a heart attack on the dirty floor of a shitty motel room and Dean wasn’t even there to help.
“I’m glad you’re happy Cas.” He said, sincerity filling his voice. “I truly am.”
Dean waved off Sam’s attempts at apologizing for his husband and instead took a long drink of coffee. It had been a long time since he drank anything that wasn’t in a Styrofoam cup or a shot glass.
"If that's what you want." Cas said, getting up and walking over to the couch.
“Cas, what are you talking about? Are you okay?” Gabriel asked seriously. He dared to sound concerned.
dean sensed his uncertainty and moved them both around so they were in a comfortable position and Cas' hand was resting over the mark on Dean's shoulder.
"No!" Sam exclaimed. "I- uh," He faltered at the sight of Cas' sad puppy eyes. "I.. I have to finish this research... It's very important."
The man nodded and refused to look him in the eye as he pulled up his jeans and walked out the door without a word.
“I know. I’m an idiot.” Gabriel said with a huff.
“Rowena. Ty.” Bobby said politely.
“Do you know where she is?” Dean asked.
“Would you like to order yet sir?” The waitress asked, irritation coloring her tone. This was the eleventh time she asked him she was probably getting impatient.
“No that’s fine. I should be going home,” Cas said awkwardly. He had never been good at dealing with the morning after.
“It’s something worth celebrating, don’t you think?”
Cas nodded, squeezing his eyes shut tight as he tried to calm down, both hands rested on Dean’s shoulder, holding him up. After a few moments, he gave an experimental roll of his hips, then another.
It was the last he ever heard of Dean.
“You think this is funny?” Cas choked out. “You think it’s a joke to play with my feelings? Who was he? One of your acting buddies?”
Dean was physically taken aback. “Are you nuts?” He asked. “I don’t have to “get back” at you. I don’t have any problem with you dating Sam!”
He was so lost in his thoughts he didn’t realize he had passed by the bread and wandered into an entirely different aisle. He didn’t even see the man in front of him till he crashed into him, knocking the poor man to the floor.
Dean turned around to face the other man.
“My mother use to have a flower garden. What sort of plants do you have in it?” Dean asked, his head tilting with interest.
As he glanced over it, Dean snuck a look at Bobby, who had his eyes narrowed at Cas with an unreadable expression on his face.
“What’s wrong?” Cas murmured, pressing kisses to Dean’s neck as the other man patted around Cas’ legs. Cas laughed when Dean dug out his phone and turned it off before tossing it in the direction of the couch.
“Dr. McSexy waits for no one.” Dean said seriously while Cas just snorted.
“Uh, yeah….” Dean said, reaching back to scratch his neck. “Did I do okay?” He asked.
The blond haired man stood in the middle of the room, loosely gripping a knife in his hand with a dumbstruck look on his face. Green eyes met blue and the man motioned around. “Don’t tell me someone actually lives here.”
The bell on the front door jangled just as Dean was showing Cas some of his own personal tattoo designs and several voices could be heard from the show room.
The noise that Dean made was inhuman. A mix of a cry and a scream that sent a jolt of horror through Cas. Had he missed a threat? Was Dean hurt?
“You said I could stop by and talk to you about Career day.” Castiel reminded gently, mistaking Dean’s shock for confusion.
“So?” Bobby asked stubbornly.
Lips on the side of his neck startled him.
“It just says ‘Hi you up?’” Cas said with a frown.
Cas licked his lips and lowered his head so he was hovering over the tip. “Now, I haven’t done this in a while so bear with me.” He said before sinking down on the length.
“Alright sir, you’re all done.” Cas said, smiling warmly.
“Daddy! He’s up!” She screamed, each syllable like a knife ramming into his brain.
“I actually came to fetch something for a friend of mine.”
“I’d like to make it up to you,” Castiel insisted. “Surely there’s something I can do for you.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “Uh huh, that’s what I thought.”
A whimper of distress came from behind Dean’s door and Cas’ kicked into action.
"Aw come on don't be like that. Not even a hello?" Dean asked, pulling his best pout face.
“I knew it!” Gabriel snapped, smacking the magazine on the counter. “You went on a date with my brother!”
Sam looked very uncomfortable as he made Cas sit upright. "Th-Thanks Cas... Um, but I'm trying to do some research."
“What? I didn’t order this. Who-,”
Dean shook himself and grabbed his jacket. “I have to go.”
The show room had a group of half a dozen teenagers looking at the displays; some of them Dean highly doubted were legal.
“Don’t wait up, and don’t text me a hundred times.” Bobby warned him, grabbing his coat and taking Crowley’s offered arm.
Dean hummed and went back to pressing kisses on his head.
He pretended that he only got them because they were on sale and that it was a ludicrous hobby to take up, but when Cas nervously presented him with his first project, a beanie, he put it on and wore it proudly.
Cas selected Vicki, who was practically bouncing in her chair.
“Dean!” Gabriel shouted from the show room. “You have a customer!”
A laugh came from Dean and Cas’ table and Gabriel looked up from his drink, only to find himself staring into Dean’s glittering green eyes and suddenly Gabriel felt memories bubble to the surface.
Cas groaned, fisting the sheets to get some semblance of control.
The front door of the apartment burst open. “I cannot believe that asshole!” Sam screamed before storming to his room and slamming the door shut so hard a picture frame fell off the wall. A minute later, Cas’ phone rang.
Dean looked up and scowled. “You,” He spat out as Crowley took the seat next to him. “What do you want?”
The first was an older man who swore a lot and the other was an abnormally tall man in his twenties or thirties.
Gabriel gagged and Sam rolled his eyes. “You guys can head out, Gabriel and I will keep an eye on the shop.”
“You have to be eighteen to get one without your parents consent but it varies in different states.”
A drive was just what he needed. The night air rushing through the window, ruffling his hair, it helped him forget all about Cas and coffee.
Cas nodded in understanding. “Do you suggest anything in particular?”
“That sounds wonderful.” Dean said offering Cas his arm.
Dean’s fingers reached up to brush said tattoo before clearing his throat. “Its, uh, it’s an anti-possession symbol.” He tugged his shirt collar down a bit so they could see the rest of it. “It’s supposed to ward off evil spirits that might try to… uh… possess you.”
Bobby welcomed him just as willingly as he did when Dean was a kid. He helped Dean move past the death of his father and his alcoholism with the patience of a saint and even persuaded him to take back his old job at the parlor, something Gabriel was more than willing to hand over.
Dean tried to keep his focus on the cheesy soap opera that played on the tv but his mind kept drifting to Cas. Was he still expecting Dean even though he said he wasn’t coming? It was nearly eight and tomorrow was a school day, surely at some point he would give up and just go to bed.
“Pardon me, Grocer.”
“Yeah!
“I can’t lie Sammy. Not to him.”
“And how is Dean doing?” He prompted. “Is he a lawyer too? Or maybe an engineer?”
They look so happy. Gabriel thought as he watched Cas and Dean during the wedding banquet.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbled against his lips. “Does it hurt bad?”
Dean hated hospitals with a passion. From the bright white everything to the fluorescent lights and the nose-wrinkling smell of the disinfectant. He had to many bad memories in hospitals, memories of his mother and father dying while he and Sam shivered in the small pathetic chairs they give the families. So when Dean started to complain of coughing fits and chest pains, Sam had to practically drag him in to get him checked out, which led to a temporary stay in the hospital while they tried to get his lungs back in working order.
Ty let out a shocked noise which he covered with a cough as Chuck jolted, knocking over Bobby’s tea. “A stripper?” He asked scandalized, lowering his voice as if anyone else in the loud bar cared. “Like… At a woman’s club?”
Castiel rolled his eyes and closed his locker. "Gee, I don't know." He said drily. "Let's ask one of your numerous ex's. Do you even know how many you have?"
“Right,” Cas breathed out.
“That’s- that’s fine.” Dean said, clearing his throat and gathering himself. He realized he was still hanging over the counter and he pushed himself up into a standing position. “Right, uh. What can I do for you Castiel?”
"You must really like this Castiel." Mary said with a smile.
“Dude you look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“To the grooms!” Someone shouted, jerking Gabriel out of his memories.
he wanted to scream.
This was the fifth time he and his old high school friend group had gotten together - and anniversary type thing to catch up and reminisce - and each time he left wishing he never showed up.
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” Gabriel said, waving him off with his hand. “Have fun you two.”
“You’ve got a lot of nerve.” Cas seethed, pacing the room.
Cas walked over to him and handed him his glass before turning to the cupboard to retrieve a glass of his own.
“Just don’t tell my brother how we met.”
Tyler nodded jerkily.
“I don’t know,” He said grimly. “He disappeared ten years ago,” He turned around to fuss with coffee machine, unable to look the other man in the eye.
"So...." Dean scratched the back of his neck. "There's a new diner opening up next week-,"
“You a student, Cas?” Dean questioned. “You’re cool if I call you Cas, right?”
Before Dean could respond the diner door swung open and in stepped a flustered looking Cas. He scanned the small rustic hunting lodge themed diner before spotting Dean and visibly relaxing.
Bobby was startled out of his daydreams to find the man, his name might have been Craig but he wasn’t sure, staring at him with a curious expression on his face.
"You'd be surprised." Rowena said with a smile. "Now do we have a deal Winchester?"
Dean paused before slowly setting down the items in his hand. “Last time I saw him he made it pretty obvious that he didn’t want to see me ever again.”
The man let out an interested hum, as if what Bobby said was truly thought provoking. “I’m certain that he could be located.” He mused. “If I found him, would you agree to let me take you out on a date?”
Sam made a soft noise under his breath and Dean looked up to see him looking amused.
“Gabriel who is that man?” Cas asked, nodding his head in the man’s direction.
Dean fell silent, pondering the offer while focusing on the crack he was creating in the skull. “Fine, I’ll do it.”
He launched into a story about how Gabriel had crashed his prom and stood creepily in the background as Cas danced with his partner. As they ate, they took turns swapping stories and complaining about Gabriel and laughing over it. Dean told Cas the story behind the Celebrity tattoo he mentioned earlier, prompting Cas to fall into a fit of uncontrollable laughter and at the end of the night, after a delicious dessert of apple pie, Cas invited Dean to his house that next Friday which Dean graciously accepted.
Cas stood by the door and exchanged goodbyes and high-fives with each of the kids and shook hands with a few of the adults. After the last child left he looked up at Dean curiously. “Is there something I can help you with?”
“Oh,” Cas said, looking disappointed. “Well, if you change your mind, you know where the key is, just come on in.”
“In a fortnight.” Dean said. A hopeful glint alit in his eyes. “Would it be to bold of me to ask you to write to me?”
Dean briefly explained how the tattooing process worked: The sketching, the lining, the actual tattooing, and then the after care and never being one for public speaking, Dean was stammering on nearly every word but the kids listened respectfully with eager eyes.
And according to Sam he had been remorseful ever since.
There was something captivating about the story. The sense of normalcy that Dean never really had. As it turns out, in Sam’s dream world Dean was a cop, which was shown when he confronted the older man, who had threatened the blue-eyed brunette. Story him put that bastard in his place and scared him shitless, sending him off to pay the restaurant bill before comforting the other man.
Dean led him out and they picked up a steady rhythm, swaying along to the music.
“Which story?”
Dean tried to wait up, despite what Crowley said, but after an annoyed phone call from Bobby that told him to get some sleep and stop bothering him, he finally sacked out on the couch.
The static was unlike he ever heard and the voice that came through the line nearly made him drop the phone.
He was so lost in thought that he didn’t even realize the soap opera had ended and Dr. Sexy MD had come on. He picked up the remote and shut it off quickly.
Sam smirked. “Yeah there is. And if you’re getting this freaked out over a fluffy one I suggest you stay away from the one titled ‘
Coffee.
It would seem that Bobby had enjoyed his date with Crowley so much that when the King of Hell showed up on their porch to invite him on yet another getaway he didn’t even hesitate.
“I’ll see you Friday then,” Cas said as he walked towards the door. “Is spaghetti going to be okay?”
“I think it’s time you got undressed,” Dean said, pulling at Cas’ shirt. “Better yet, let me help you.” He flipped them so Cas was on his back and he was hovering over him. Within moments, Cas had been stripped and Dean was swallowing down his cock like a pro.
Dean paused for a moment, waiting to see if anyone was going to introduce him to the man still staring at him from across the room, but Bobby had already gone back to his ledgers, and Ellen was still preoccupied with the chicken, and the strange man himself didn’t seem to be particularly keen on clearing up any of Dean’s questions. Huffing, Dean rolled his sleeves to his elbows and moved to the old sink, scrubbing his hands and forearms with the harsh lye soap before dumping the dough out of the bowl with more force than was probably necessary.
Baby stood, in all her glory, exactly where he’d left her, and he breathed a sigh of relief as he skidded to a stop next to her.
He remembered tying Baby up late the night before outside the post office at the other edge of town, which, luckily for him, was only about three hundred yards away around another corner. Assuming the town wanted to continue receiving mail, she’d still be right where he’d left her, and the postmaster would have his bags waiting for him.
“You coward!” someone hollered.
“And what?”
Cas’ face twisted into a frown, and Dean felt a slight pang of sympathy for the man who was so obviously out of his element. “You’re doing better than you were, I guess,” he offered, and Cas’ shoulders loosened slightly.
“Alone?”
“Bobby?” Dean poked his head through the doorway leading to the main office.
“’lo Dean, didn’t expect to see you this mornin’,” he began.
She waved him off. “Don’t be thanking me yet. You’ll want to hold off until after you’ve dealt with Dean’s attitude after a week on the trail.”
“Well,” Cas finally said, breaking the tension. “I suppose she could always be Mary.”
“You’ve barely touched her,” Dean pointed out. “How would you even be able to tell?”
Despite his best attempts at the contrary, Dean found himself leaning forward, his interest sparking. “What’s got you heading west in such a hurry?” he asked. “You running from a bounty or something? ‘Cos I’m not getting caught up in all that.”
Grabbing Baby’s reins, he led the way behind the station and into the old stable, pointing Cas toward an empty stall before leading his own mare into the one next door. He watched with mild amusement as Cas tried to sweet talk his horse into entering the stall, and then moved onto various nonsensical threats when she remained firmly in place.
“Fifty now,” Cas said, and Dean scoffed, ready to tell him to get lost, but Cas raised his voice and continued speaking over him. “And another hundred fifty when we get there.”
It had been the single constant in his short and miserable life, and he usually found it meditative, even more so than riding itself. Baby’d been his sole confidant for going on two years, now, listening to his complaints, his fears, and his dreams.
Cas glared at him and Dean sighed. “It ain’t an easy country out past the end of the railroad. You gotta be prepared for just about anything – gangs, Indians, coyotes… Easier if you’ve grown up with it.”
The kitchen faced the east, and so while breakfasts were often almost unbearably bright thanks to the two windows over the butcherblock counter, the room tended to dim considerably by suppertime. This didn’t usually bother him – after all, he knew what the room looked like, and it wasn’t likely to change between mail runs. Besides, he tended to be far more interested in whatever sat on the plate in front of him than the state of the kitchen itself, particularly after a long day in the saddle.
With both horses watered, his pockets several sugar cubes lighter, and his face still tingling from the cold water, Dean had run out of ways to stall.
“Worth a shot,” Dean said under his breath, fumbling with his belt buckle until it clicked into place. Pulling his colt from his holster, he weighed his options.
Dean scowled at him. “You think I don’t know that? Jesus,” he said, falling into the chair across from the desk. “I haven’t stopped thinking about it. But if something goes wrong, if he gets killed out there…” Dimly he was aware of blood on his fingers, and folded his hands before he could do any more damage to his already ragged cuticles. “I’ve already lost one person who was depending on me. I can’t do it again.”
He was answered by a loud grunt. “Well, if it ain’t the damn Queen of England.”
Cas prides himself for his ability to be prepared for every possible outcome for every possible situation. This ability, it seems, has got a blind spot, and it has the form of a beautiful, intriguing man named Dean – Dean who will be waiting by the pool in thirty minutes, wearing nothing but a pair of shorts and the sun on his skin.
“I know, Cas. Me too.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean can‘t blame Cas for taking the deal, either. He‘d have taken it, too, would have laughed at the ridiculous clause. Himself, happy? Getting what he wants? Ha. There must be some kind of poetic justice in there – them both wanting the same thing and losing each other over the hopeless conviction that it would be forever out of reach.
That’s the longest Cas has yet heard Winchester talk, and he’s almost happy to have his suspicion confirmed that Winchester can in fact form full sentences. Cas doesn’t know how to respond to this wealth of new information, so he busies himself with arranging the papers in front of him in perfect right angles. He has to get back the upper hand in this conversation, even if it means that he won’t learn more about Winchester’s past. “I’m sorry to hear you have such low regard for the men in His Majesty’s service, Mr. Winchester, but that’s not what I called you here for.”
“Don’t ever apologize for something as awesome as this,” Dean grins. “I thought I would have to tease you the whole day before I got you to react, wouldn’t have pegged you this easy.” He winks again, and Cas thinks he could get used to this.
“And you–“, he starts, but the words stuck in his throat. He looks down at Cas’ shoes, next to his bare feet. A thousand questions tumble through his head, and between them, an awful lot of emotions battle for his attention. But in the end, there’s only one question that really matters.
“It was five minutes, Dean.”
, Sam thinks,
“Let’s do it.”
Mary doesn’t notice his stiff posture. Or maybe she chooses to ignore it.
There’s a second set of moans now. And a broken
Not thinking about how pale and quiet Cas’ face looked in the moonlight takes all his willpower as it is.
Cas’ shoulders sag. “You haven’t seen me, have you?”
, and even when he‘s got nothing, he is who he is, and he‘ll keep fighting.
“Yeah?” Dean asks, a stupid grin splitting his face. He strains to lift his head and look down at Cas, gaze flicking from Cas’ mouth to where he’s crouching on the bed, to where his enjoyment of the proceedings is evident.
He really should be over it by now, he tells himself for the millionth time. His sad face stares back unperturbed. He sets his jaw, promising himself a fresh start. He
Dean pushes his tongue deep inside Cas’ open mouth and tugs on the plug to slip it out. He swallows the deep groan Cas makes as well as the softer whimper when the plug is gone. Dean throws it aside and doesn’t wait for the wet sound it makes on the hardboard before he dips his thumb into Cas’ heat, feels him wet and loose, waiting for Dean to fill him up again.
Dean could stop this, stop the mess that will follow from happening. All the things he’ll do to ruin it would never happen if he just walked away now. But Cas’ gaze is wide and hopeful, and his lips are slightly parted as if he’s holding his breath, and Dean, in a surge of bravery, lets the cracked and hoarse
“Touch yourself, Cas,” he grunts out. Sweat is beading on his neck, tingles down his back, cooling in the soft breeze.
“You better treat my little brother right, you hear me?” Dean all but growls and glares at them. A soft blush creeps up Sam’s neck.
Cas fights to keep his voice calm. Shouting wouldn’t improve the situation. “No, it wasn’t. His head exploded. Because he wanted to leave this place.”
Dean weaves his fingers into Cas’ hair and pulls him into another deep kiss. Cas sucks on Dean’s tongue, circles it with his own and casually brushes against Dean’s groin again. Dean tugs on his hair harder. “Later. Right now, I want to take a shower.”
Dean’s smile falters. He looks worried for a second. “You don’t remember?”
Rage bubbles just under Dean’s skin, clouds his mind and makes his hard to think. “What the fuck are you talking about? Angels don’t have souls.”
And with that he pulled the cloth over his head and ran over the shore, leaping into the water in one swift motion. He swam to the middle of the lake and treaded water. Cas still hadn’t moved.
Gabe provides as commentary.
“Dean.”
Dean is heaving deep trembling breaths that sound like sobs now and then. “Thank you for waking me,” he murmurs. He sounds small and fragile, and it breaks Cas' heart to hear someone as full of life as Dean this vulnerable. Without thinking, he reaches out again to pat Dean’s shoulder. Dean sighs with relief and turns to him, still keeping space between their bodies.
Dean took a surprised breath before he opened his mouth wider to welcome the intrusion. Cas’ tongue slid over his own and flicked against the sensitive roof of his mouth, eliciting a shudder that crept from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet. He didn’t move other than that, gave up control to Cas and his sensual exploration. He hadn’t known he could feel like this. He hadn’t known Cas would give in to this. His whole body hummed with raw desire and the feeling of being taken care of. It was a heady mix, addictive and dizzying.
“No, you are Dean Winchester. We arrived in this town yesterday, to investigate the death of a man named Conrad.”
Cas turns his hand to fit his palm into Dean’s. “It’s wonderful Dean, I’m sure the food is amazing.”
Cas turns and leaves the bedroom. “I’ll understand if you want to hide here,” he throws back over his shoulder, “I’ll try to get him to leave as soon as possible.”
Cas has only a second to catch his breath and find a solid stance, before Dean’s lips close around his filling cock. The sudden wet heat sends a shock through his system. Dean doesn’t give him time to adjust, just angles his head and takes him as deep as he can. Which is impressively deep.
“Just, you know. It’s June, and we’re at the Sunset Plaza, and we might be the only two guys who aren’t happy to share a room.”
The grip in Cas’ hair tightens, sending sparks of pleasure-pain down his spine. With a last soft kiss to Dean’s swollen nipple he leans back, because he wants, he needs to watch as Dean comes closer to the edge. Dean’s head is thrown back, the long line of his neck tense and straining, his lips dark red and slick from kissing, his chest heaving with his fast breathing. Cas has never seen anything more beautiful. He slows his hand a little, tightens his strokes, base to tip, to draw the moment out. Dean’s whole lower body pushes up into his hand.
And there’s Castiel, too. Standing very close next to Dean in the kitchen at Mr. Singer’s house.
When he doesn’t elaborate, Cas digs on.
The only answer he gets is a snarl.
The infirmary is eerily quiet when they enter. For a moment, Cas fears that they are too late, that Dean is already gone. Terror squeezes his heart like a fist, tightens like an iron band around his chest. He breathes against it. Sam looks up from his position near the bed. He’s pale with worry but upon Ellen’s arrival, a hopeful look softens his features.
No dice.
“Then may I try again tomorrow?” Dean can’t see Cas’ face, but he can hear the smile in his voice.
“And what do the others think?”
After long minutes, the tutor noticed them standing in the doorway and interrupted his lecture before turning to them. Dean, who had been transfixed by his lips, only now saw that they weren’t the most remarkable feature in his face. Dark blue eyes found his and locked on, so full of curiosity and intelligence that Dean began to squirm under the scrutiny.
“He’s not my angel,” he shoots back, and it sounds like a lie even in his own ears. Somewhere between shoveling the dirt onto Cas’ remains on the other side of the rift and rubbing his wrists raw to get out of these shackles, this version of Cas did become his in a way. An ally and a comrade in arms, but also something more that Dean can’t quite put a name to.
„Boo!“ says Cas.
I just finished the draft for the last two chapters (yay me!) and will post them over the next week. This fic took a lot out of me and I'm so glad I finally get to finish it. Thanks to everyone who stuck with me but most of all my beta
Cas still hasn’t read that damn paragraph.
“God, finally,” breathes Dean. “Please, Cas, stop the torture.”
“Do you know why I’m here?”
Cas looked stunning today, in his light grey slacks and the soft shirt, and Dean has been ogling him the whole evening. It had been Cas’ idea to play today, while all their friends were there, and Dean had been the only one to know that Cas - cool composed Cas - wore a plug the whole time. Dean had been the only one who saw him shift slightly when he sat down, and to bite his bottom lip when he stood up. Dean had been the one who asked him to get him another beer, just to see him bend down to the fridge and hear him inhale just a little bit sharper.
“That’s a wonderful idea, Dean, but you know how precious parchment is. They won’t even give you the scraped ones to try your hand.” The hard lines of her face softened with compassion.
His hands tremble when he pulls on his pants and slips into his shoes. The shirt is missing three buttons so he doesn’t bother with it, just puts on his t-shirt. When he tugs it over his head, he catches a look at himself in the mirror. His hair is a mess, his eyes wide and shining, his skin pale with shock under the harsh light. He looks like he just saw a ghost.
Dean looks at him as if he’s waiting for a revelation, as if he’s desperate for Sam to figure this out.
“I’m not sulking,” Cas says to the closing door, but Gabe doesn’t deem that lie worthy of an answer.
“I-,” Dean starts and looks to the ground as if the answer will miraculously appear on the grey carpet. “I told myself it was just a fling, and that Cas left because he realized this would never have a future. I figured I’d get over it with time. Sammy, you know I’m not cut out for long-term relationships. Took me six months to get to the point I said fuck it, I’ve got to try, because-“ Dean finally lifts his head to face Cas again. “I never met anyone like you, Cas. I just couldn’t let it go without at least trying to convince you to give it a shot.”
When he finally makes it outside, he night slams into him like a fist. The cold air burns his lungs and his nose goes numb in a second. He blinks against the clear night sky, waits for his eyes to adjust. He’ll have to fumble out his phone soon to call a cab, but for the moment he’s content to let the cold seep into his skin and sober him up a little.
Cas sighs. “I never much liked blowjobs,” he admits ruefully. He leans in to kiss Dean softly where’s he pouting at Cas’ words. “But you made me see the light,” he finishes and shoves Dean until he’s on his back.
Dean’s hand reaches his cock and closes a loose fist around it. Cas presses his hands back against the tile to keep himself from reaching out.
He paused. Dean finally lifted his gaze and met his father’s cold eyes. “Goodbye, father.”
“Well, first: Everybody’s got some dirt on them and I would find it. I’m a damn good lawyer and you would do well to remember that. Second: Of course he’s done something wrong, otherwise you wouldn’t be sitting here, moping, and allow a perfectly fine vacation to lapse, a vacation I paid for, if I may remind you.”
“So if someone says ‘God doesn’t exist’, we can say that the God that exists is better, more perfect than the one that doesn’t exist, right?”
Dean stopped visiting Zachariah’s classes after that and went back to his former curriculum.
“Go to bed, Dean. We can talk tomorrow.” Cas’ words came in a whisper, layered with emotions Dean couldn’t put a name on. He felt bone weary all of a sudden and turned to trudge back to the dormitory. Clouds swallowed the light of the stars and threw a muddy grey blanket over the new moon when he stumbled across the yard.
. It wasn’t fair to Dean either who never once indicated this would be more than it was. Cas should get out before Dean realized Cas’ feelings. Dean’s pity would be unbearable. Being the genuinely caring person he was, he would try to comfort Cas. The thought alone lets bile rise in Cas’ throat.
He’s in bed with Dean. Images of last night drift back to the surface, snapshots of their date and the hours after. The evening had been perfect, from start to finish, Cas thinks with a sense of wonder. He lets his mind drift through the memories, smiling a little when he remembers Dean’s shocked expression when Cas had told him about his indifferent stance towards blowjobs. Well, Cas had changed his mind on that.
“Oh yes, I have to. I let you both stand there and accuse me of assaulting a defenseless man, so I damn well have the right to say my piece.” His still outstretched index finger motions at Gabe as if Dean’s wielding a saber. “You better be serious with this, or I’ll pay you a visit, did I make myself clear?”
Cas shakes his head, too shocked to react to that ridiculous notion for a moment. “You … it’s
A few hours later, Dean had learned that he loved to learn, and that learning was exhausting. He fell onto his cot completely drained. He had to be up in the middle of the night again for the first service of the day, vigil. He couldn’t remember having to get up at two o’clock before – the day at home had started around six.
A curse, Cas had said. The explanation made sense. Dean felt the stain on his soul like a physical thing. He couldn’t trust the snake of longing that begged for another touch. Cas would do well to stay away from Dean, because Cas was everything light and wise and clean –
A blaring sound disturbs the silence. Cas needs a moment to make out the melody. It’s the opening of an old rock song, heavy guitars and a pulsing beat.
With Cas, every encounter was laced with a tension he couldn’t put a name on, that made every minute together special. He found it irked him to no end when they were interrupted in their chess games or their conversations. If he had allowed himself a closer look at those feelings, he would have recognized them as jealousy.
“Dean, wait.”
Robert and Ellen’s decision was frowned upon by many brothers. Cas could convince the bishop not to excommunicate them, but Robert wasn’t allowed inside the walls of St Mary’s Well for the rest of his life. Cas never questioned Robert’s decision, took over his responsibilities without complaint when the monks appointed him their new leader. Deep in his heart, though, he always envied Ellen and Robert for the depth of their devotion to each other.
“I see,” Dean practically growls. His index finger is painting small circles into the palm of Cas’ hand. He looks like he wants to say more, but shakes his head with a chuckle and leans back, letting go of Cas’ hand. “Then I guess we should go and I’ll show you what I can do with that mouth, if you’re interested?”
Cas lets that sink in for a minute, sipping his coffee and glancing over at Dean now and then. Dean sounds honest. In the short time they’ve known each other Cas learned that Dean might in fact have rather
Lucifer, ignorant to the turmoil in Dean’s mind, goes on.
“I thought about this the whole evening,” Cas rasps in a positively wrecked voice. Dean can only grab Cas’ hips and hold on, it feels so fucking good. Cas is panting, little huffs of breath that cool on Dean’s moist lips and sweaty neck, and then. Then he starts rocking Dean’s lap, driving himself down in Dean’s cock with small jerking movements, and yeah, Dean has thought about it, too, whenever he caught a glimpse at Cas tonight. To be honest, he thinks about it pretty much every time he sees Cas, at least when he’s not thinking about how glorious Cas feels inside him, pounding into him until Dean’s a babbling mess.
The desk clerk is finally remembering his job and the line that built while he flirted with prince charming. “You have room 345. It’s a shared double with one… Cas-teel Novak?”
“Sorry,” he murmurs and turns to get blankets and pillows out of a drawer. He hands them over without locking at Dean. “Stay as long as you like.”
Cas doesn’t know what to say to that, except. “Maybe you don’t have to run anymore.”
voice, that same low rumble that makes Dean feel safe and loved like nothing else in this or any other world. And he knows, he knows, he knows he can’t and shouldn’t and that it’s stupid and weak, but he leans forward into the touch and forward still until his forehead leans against a strong shoulder. A startled gasp is the only reaction he gets. The angel stands still, hands held awkward between them, and he says nothing while Dean cries. Castiel’s scent envelopes him and Dean takes deep breaths between sobs. It’s leather and dirt and, underneath it – Cas, thunderstorms and rain on sun-warm asphalt, a scent Dean didn’t realize he missed like limb until now.
when it came to sexual relations, but he’s not deceitful.
. Even then, his brain had hurt thinking about it. Right now, he’s in no shape to untangle the metaphysical implications, but what if Lucifer – for once – wasn’t lying? Where did an angel’s soul go when the vessel died?
The guy on the front desk is still chatting the clerk up. Now Cas knows all about his plans for the week, “I come to the Sunset Plaza every year, it’s always amazing” and “I wonder if my friend Charlie’s already here, could you check for me”?
Dean rubs his neck and doesn’t meet Cas’ eyes. Instead, his gaze is glued to Cas right hand, curled und turned upright as if he’s mimicking the described practices. Cas opens his hand and puts it on his knee. Dean clears his throat and waves his hand to indicate his wish to change the topic.
It’s only when Cas leans back and strokes a thumb over Dean’s cheek that Dean realizes he’s crying.
He slouches back in his chair and pities himself. The one time he only wanted to have a good lay and he managed to fuck it all up. He stares at the door, not actually seeing anything, until Alfie, his secretary comes in to ask him if he can go home.
He takes a deep breath, lets it out slowly.
“What do you want to know?” Dean didn’t want to sound defensive but he couldn’t help it.
“And what do you propose I do instead?” Cas cushions his chin on Dean’s thigh and gazes up at him in what he hopes looks like innocent curiosity. His heart is pounding loudly in his chest. It’s not his style to play like this, and he’s more than little surprised how much he likes it. Dean’s eyes are blown when he stares back at him, his right eyebrow curving up elegantly as if it wants to tell Cas what a ridiculous question that is.
Two hours after they had set off, the rectangular lines of a massive stone building became visible in the distance. Dean grabbed the reins tighter on impulse. The horse felt his unease and danced a bit, before Dean brought it back under control with a gentle nudge of his thighs.
Who owed those apologies to whom, well that’s a question they’d have to adress when the time comes, don‘t they.
The blush Cas tried to wrangle down before comes back with full force. Did he just come out to a packed coffee-shop? Did he really just share one of his most intimate secrets? Wishing fervently the floor would open up and swallow him, he holds the barista’s gaze like a lifeline. Something moves in the green depths. Humor, empathy, and warmth.
Cas hates to admit it, but his brother might have a point.
Anyone still here? So I recently started a Black Sails rewatch and came back to this. Currently working on the next three chapters, and it's coming along quite well considering I haven't really written anything worth sharing in months.
Dean makes a small noise, and Sam’s head snaps over to them, his eyes taking in Dean’s appearances from head to toe, then Cas’ disheveled state. A crease forms between his brows as if he’s trying to solve a complicated case. He crosses his huge arms over his chest and the puzzled expression gives way to condescension.
Now it’s Dean’s turn to look flabbergasted. He snorts.
They kiss. Close-lipped, pressing against each other like in the black-and-white movies Dean made him watch. Dean’s hands are on Cas’ waist. Cas slings his arms around broad shoulders, a palm possessive on Dean’s neck. He’s dreamed about this, painted the picture in a thousand different colors, only to erase them later like the hopeless attempts of an unskilled artist.
“Dean–“, he starts.
he cannot have, that idiot. What would make him happy. Only Cas would be clueless enough to think that he can‘t have it.
Cas slips out of his coat and sits down, far enough away from his brother so that he won’t be able to see what their hands are doing under the table. He’s happy for Gabe, he really is, but there are lines that are better left uncrossed. The table is already filled with an eclectic assortment of drinks – five shot glasses filled with unidentifiable spirits, a cocktail with a ridiculous paper umbrella and a rainbow colored straw, two beer bottles and a whisky tumbler. The beers look untouched, so Cas grabs one, finds Sam nodding, and takes a long gulp.
Cas’ eyes are huge and full of knowledge and emotion far beyond Dean’s understanding, but they’re focused on him and right now, that’s all that matters.
They reach the compound after about two hours. Low, practical buildings huddle around each other in a way that makes Dean sure most of the structure lays underground. Under the sickly grey sky and surrounded by lifeless desert, the vista could be taken out of a dystopian movie. Dean already misses the colors of his own world.
Dean waves for a waiter and tells him his name for the reservation. They are being led to a corner at the far side, where a small table is partitioned from the rest of the room. Dean leads Cas to his chair before he sits down opposite from him.
Dean swam over to the other end of the lake and came back to find Cas in nearly the same spot.
Dean nods, slowly. He turns and he looks at Cas. The same blue eyes, the same chapped lips, the same unruly hair. And the same careful, deep stare that always used to make Dean so very uncomfortable, made him feel so very
The kiss turns sloppy, just push of tongues and lips. The tips of their cocks bump against each other every other stroke. It’s strangely intimate, to be so close while the other one chases his release. Like everything he shares with Dean, it feels new and special. Just for them.
“And the other day in the store, you picked out clothes for me, and when I put them on, you told me I looked handsome.” A crease lodges itself between Cas’ brows, as if he wants to solve a puzzle, and his gaze is sharp on Dean. It makes Dean wriggle a little in his seat. He takes a sudden interest in his cuticles, plucking a non-existent speck from his nails.
“Grace,” she says after a delicate sip from her drink.
The rustle of clothes is loud in the silence of the night, and
Dean wants to say more.
His knees ache and his fingers are cramped by the time he realizes where he went, and that he must have been kneeling in the dark of the chapel for hours.
They look at each other for long moments. Cas has the disconcerting feeling that it’s him who is measured and tested here, not the other way around. He’s letting Winchester get under his skin and he doesn’t like it. Cas is used to be in control of the situation and now he’s letting go of that control out of curiosity to learn more about this man. The silence stretches while Cas tries to reign in his bubbling fury and the urge to somehow make Winchester talk and divulge his secrets.
“Holy hell, Cas,” Dean rasps, and leans up to capture his lips again in a deep and lazy kiss. Cas is still crouched on all fours over him, and his cock, neglected for the last minutes, suddenly aches with the need to come. Dean never leaves his mouth while he fumbles with the buttons of Cas’ pants and pushes them down unceremoniously with his boxers, rucks up his shirt under his armpits, too eager to undress him properly. Cas gasps when Dean takes him in hand and feels out the contours with a too light touch.
Dean started with the easy ones, a rook and a bishop. When they turned out recognizable, he challenged himself with the queen and the king. Cas went searching for more cherrywood and asked Ellen for some brighter wood too, since they would need two sets to play. The project occupied their free time and their minds while Dean got better and could finally go back to his daily chores and classes.
, but he can’t stop the violent trembles that wreck his body any more than the tears that stream down his face. The drops fall down from his bowed head onto the blade, washing away the blood.
Dean’s head snaps up. “What the fuck are you talking about?”
“You seemed to like the suit just fine earlier.” Cas nibbles on Dean’s full bottom lip and busies himself with undressing Dean in a more coordinated manner.
Dean slips free his fingers, and a second later, Cas’ hands are back on his shoulders with renewed fervor, pressing him down against the seat, and he’s got time for one deep inhale before Cas sits up and sinks down in him, perfect heat enveloping Dean like they were made to fit like this.
“Dean”, he says, when he reaches the bed. His hands curl into fists at his sides, his short fingernails dig into his palms, but he can’t touch, he mustn’t and he can’t. Their eyes are locked for a moment, but Dean’s gaze flits away too fast.
Garth cleared his throat and took a step into the room. “Castiel, this is Dean. He will be staying with us and attempt the tenure as a lay brother.” Castiel’s gaze drifted to Garth. He beckoned with his hand to the center of the room.
“Nothing. He… did nothing.” Cas rubs a palm down his face and takes a deep breath. “It’s not his fault.” He swallows down the
“But then how do I know what you think? Humans are lying all the time!”
“No, no, it’s alright. I just woke up. Huh? Yeah.” Cas can hear the muffled sound of another voice over the speaker.
Then she rummages in her small backpack for a slip of paper and a pen. She scribbles two numbers and two names on it and pushes it into Cas’ open palm. “His number and mine. If you ever want to talk, I’ll listen.” She smiles up at him again.
“Not so fast,” Dean all but growls and waves a hand in Gabe and Sam’s general direction. “About that…”
. The lingering stares, the wistful sighs, enough pining to plant a forest. But he knows Cas and he knows his brother, and pushing them won’t get them anywhere. So he resists the urge to lock them in a room together until they figure stuff out.
“To be seen with someone like me. A grease monkey with loose morals. That… that your brother would know you … and me, you know.” He shrugs again, and his shoulders look smaller somehow.
Warning for angst. If you wanna skip this chapter, there's a summary in the end notes.
That’s how conversations start between them most of the time now.
The crease between Cas’ brows deepens. “I haven’t seen a barn nearby.”
, Dean thought, but he would never say it out loud. His father wanted him to become a monk and pay for his mother’s sins. Most of all, Dean suspected, his father wanted him out of his sight, because his oldest son reminded him too much of
Dean catches the hint and lets his eyes fall shut again. He listens to the sound of Lucifer turning, and shudders when a new tone enters that godforsaken voice that never fails to make Dean grind his teeth.
Gabe saunters out of the kitchen with a steaming mug in his hand, stands very close next to Sam and copies his stance.
Dean sighs and rakes a hand through his hair again. He’s going to be bald soon at this rate.
Jack doesn’t seem convinced –
The burning hands moved over him, rubbing his arms, pulling him up into a sitting position.
His voice cracks when he says it. And he says it with a broken smile.
, he thinks, again and again, while his heart breaks, because he would give anything, anything to be able to trust his eyes.
“Me? Oh yeah, it’s great. Charlie’s here, too.” Cas waits for Dean to say something about him, about them, but Dean just huffs at what seems to be a question from Sam.
Cas’ grin, impossibly, widens and his eyes sparkle with happiness.
Cas studies the menu as if it holds the secrets of the universe.
This is the point where his brain should switch into strategic mode, make plans, capture Chuck and exchange him for Cas, ­- is Cas even still alive – he must be, he came back from the Empty before – I could make some kind of deal – do something, stand up, call Sam and -
Usually, languages were learned by reading. The students recited the texts until they knew them by heart and then read on their own and recognized the words on paper. After years of repetition, they were finally able to write those words. Castiel had a different approach. He taught them the letters and let them write words as soon as they heard them. Dean caught up fast thanks to this method, because he already knew the letters and had had to read lists and orders since he had been a small child. The thought of someday being able to discover the precious books of the library on his own made him dizzy with anticipation. He worked hard and used every free minute to practice.
“Now is not the time-,” Dean starts weakly, but Cas’ expression hardens even more.
“Cas, I’m trying to work here.”
Dean took a few steps onto the grass, opened his belt and gripped the hem of his robe. Looking back, he saw Cas standing in the same spot.
Dean’s head snaps up. “What? Why would you think that?”
Cas’ knees almost buckle at that thought. Would Dean want that? Would
Cas nods and leans his head on Dean’s shoulder for a moment. He’s still a little dizzy. The whole evening has a dreamlike quality, and Cas doesn’t ever want to wake up. He wants to go back to Dean’s room and get lost in Dean and be happy like tomorrow never comes. Ignoring the voice in his head telling him that nothing good will last, at least not for him, he grips Dean’s hand on his right shoulder and weaves their fingers together before he presses a quick kiss to Dean’s wrist.
“This okay?”
He dries the last of the plates when the pressure in the rooms shifts.
Okay, Dean has a point. That sounds a lot like a sexual thing. Feeling like a creeper, he starts walking again, intent to find his headphones just in case. When he passes Cas’ door, he tries not to listen, but—
There’s a crease between Castiel’s brows, and Dean is catapulted back in time, when he first met Cas, and Cas was so very other, unfamiliar with a lot of human things he later came to love and share with Dean. Movies. Burgers. Cars. Dean’s throat is tight with the well of emotions such a simple expression can draw to the surface. He wonders if this Castiel would love burgers, too, but quenches that line of thought immediately.
On the fifth day, Cas came to his cot way after midnight with a bowl of hot soup and a few pieces of stale bread. He sat on the ground next to Dean’s bed while Dean delved into the food and moaned around the first spoonful of tasty bean stew. He felt Cas’ eyes on him but didn’t look up until he finished.
Dean slaps him on the shoulder. “Never change, Cas.”
“Castiel Novak,” he bites through his teeth. One vacation in ten years and this is what happens. He wants to punch something.
And maybe Zachariah was right, and the slightest opening would be used to tempt him. A look could be the first step on his road to hell. To touch another person, however well intended, would corrupt them and him, Dean feared.
“So if I had a lucky bastard – or bastardess – in mind, you’d tell me to go for it?” Dean should really look unappealing while he shovels the last pancake into his mouth and licks the syrup off his fingers.
Dean schools his features and turns around. Plasters on a brittle smile. “It’s not your fault, kid.”
Dean laughs, a short burst, as if he’s honestly surprised by the question.
Cas looks over at them, then at Grace who started a conversation with Sam in Dean’s absence. What a relief – she will be so glad when Dean returns after having to listen to Sam’s boring stories. When Dean turns back to Cas, he finds him still staring at Grace.
He made a dramatic pause and stopped his restless wandering.
“Ergo?” Cas asked.
While Cas dived into his lecture about the famous Anselm, Dean’s mind itched with the feeling that they missed something.
“There’s another version of me on the other side–“, Castiel starts, but Dean interrupts him.
spill out of him.
Gabe stares at Cas wide-eyed, and the expression on the barista’s face is nothing short of shocked.
“Something happened,” Cas provides helpfully.
Castiel speaks slowly, sets down each word with care, so dry and deadpan and
Dean smiles in his sleep. And Castiel, for the first time in his long existence, smiles too.
“Hey, we’re not done here,” he singsongs, and Cas, for all the experience he has with Gabe’s ridiculous antics, feels his hackles rise. “So you banged and you caught feelings and then you ran. That doesn’t explain why Dean-o here chose to wait half a year to show up and snatch you – drunk and defenseless, I might add – from a party.”
When the monk was out of sight, Dean went over to his father and waited, head bent.
Next to that came the dormitory. Lay brothers and monks slept in two large halls, a narrow straw-filled cot for each of them. Garth told Dean to leave his few belongings – two spare shirts, his winter coat and his woolen cap – by his assigned sleeping place.
Dean’s throat tightens with every word. His clothes feel too small all of a sudden and he tugs uncomfortably on his collar as if it’s choking him. A bird sings in the nearby trees, between leaves that start to yellow with autumn approaching.
After a second of thought, Ellen turned to the fireplace and took a piece of wood. She went over to the big table to get one of the small knifes and brought both back to him.
Dean doesn’t trust his voice, so he just shakes his head minutely. Cas’ thumb paints circles over his hipbone. Gradually, Dean’s pulse slows and he’s able to breathe again. Cas’ warmth is seeping into his body, through his boxers and his shirt.
“As is written in the Canons of Theodore: ‘If he defiles himself, he is to abstain from meat for four days. If he is a boy and does it often, either he is to fast twenty days...”
“It’s almost time for vigil. I should go.”
Dean shrugged. “I always liked it. How do you feel?”
Cas’ mind is full of cotton, thought jumbled and unable to connect. At first glance, Dean seems content to just sit there and say nothing, but Cas sees the strain in his jaw and feels his eyes flicker over every few seconds. When their gazes meet, Cas looks away.
“I’m sorry,” Cas murmurs, embarrassed by his own lack of experience.
Right.
Dean swung his left leg over the horse’s back and slid down its side. He took a few steps and extended his hand. Father Robert took it with a firm grip. He held on to Dean’s hand while he examined him.
Cas nods weakly but stays bent over.
They share a slowly melting tartufo for dessert, feeding each other spoonful after spoonful, and the atmosphere shifts from comfortable to expectant. Dean’s eyes glow darker in the soft candle light, and heat rises in Cas’ cheeks when Dean licks his lips after the last bite. Dean’s lips will taste like chocolate, Cas muses, and finds himself mirroring the motion to see Dean’s gaze getting darker still.
Cas waited for him to lift his head.
Later that night, he touched himself. Maybe out of spite for Zachariah and his rules, maybe because he wanted to feel good for a brief moment. Or maybe because he still felt dizzy and confused after the talk with Cas.
When he opens his eyes again, embarrassed by his own actions, his gaze lands on the trash bin next to the bed. The bottom is crowded by at least a dozen crumpled sheets of paper. Curiosity getting the better of him, Cas digs around and takes a few out, flattens them on the bed.
“Okay. Listen. It’s a curiosity that hangs by its master’s thigh, under his cloak. It’s pierced through in the front, stiff and hard. Sometimes the man pulls his robe up over his knee, because he wants to poke the head of it into a familiar hole he has often filled before. What is it?”
Ash follows Dean’s gaze. “You met him?”
He needs some fresh air.
“What happened?” she asks, putting her small hand on his arm. “What did he do?” There’s a crease between her brows and she looks as if she’s about to run off and slap Dean.
He doesn’t care that he once again failed to make Cas beg – he’ll have a lifetime to achieve that goal, if Cas only lets him – and he fumbles with his free hand to shove down his shorts until his cock springs free. Looking down, he finds himself red and swollen and wet. Cas looks down, too, and his mouth slackens when Dean takes himself in hand.
“Holy –“. Cas hands come up to grab Dean’s head, to hold onto anything while he’s swept away by the feeling of Dean’s lips and tongue and – god, his throat, Cas is already nudging against the tight muscle and Dean keeps going and going. Cas looks down – a grave mistake, because the sight of Dean’s kiss-swollen lips stretched wide around his dick nearly makes his knees buckle.
Cas looks up from his phone. “Who?”
Cas doesn‘t meet his eyes, so Dean concentrates back on the picture.
“Not yet,” Cas mumbles and presses a kiss against Dean’s pulse, so sweet and tender Dean’s heart melts with it. The moon rises over the quiet garden, and Cas is right here in his arms, and he still can’t believe his luck.
Cas doesn’t answer, just grips the base of Dean’s cock to angle it to his mouth and closes his lips around it once more. Dean chuckles darkly and does the same. They both moan when the wet warmth of each other’s mouths envelope them.
Cas holds Dean’s chin between his bent index finger and his thumb. He circles Dean’s waist with his other hand. Dean has never in his whole life felt more like a heroine in a Jane Austen novel, and, with his world turned upside down like this, he can’t find it in him to pretend he doesn’t like it. His heart is beating in his throat. His knees feel a little wobbly, but at this point, he’s sure he can count on Cas to sweep him up in his arms should the need arise.
Cas’ head snapped up. “You never told me that.”
He concentrates on the sizzling bacon while Dean sets the table. Dean apparently made pancakes that he stashed in the oven to keep warm. Cas’ stomach grumbles loudly when he finds out. Dean snickers.
Cas shakes his head to clear it and takes a deep breath. “Send him in.”
“Sam -,” Dean tries but is talked over. “Sammy. Look, I don’t have the time or energy right now to explain, but yes, I know him, and yes, I’m gonna get him home. Save your questions for tomorrow alright?”
Cas is still awake three hours later, so feels Dean stirring in his sleep. When he hears the first moan, Cas is sure Dean’s having the nice kind of dream, and tries to block it out and not wonder what Dean might be dreaming about.
Cas follows the outstretched index finger of his older brother and freezes.
what he couldn‘t explain.
He takes on new clients, dives into his cases with everything he’s got. He’s good at this. And he loves his job.
They’re past that and it’s Cas’ fault. At another time, in another world, he’d have offered Dean to sleep in his bed, and maybe, just maybe they’d be drifting together in their sleep and Cas would have felt that warmth again, that comforting warmth that shrouds Dean like a cloak.
Cas doesn’t feel the impact of the floor. When Charles wakes him hours later, he’s still lying outstretched in the middle of the room, as if he’s doing penance in front of a crucifix.
Dean, but it’s also not. He’s wearing a bright green sweater (he should wear that color more often, it makes his eyes glow from within), thick glasses and his hair is slicked back just like Justin Smith’s had been before his head exploded.
Dean’s lips twitch, too, then widen until he grins his dazzling sun-warm grin. “Yeah, Cas, I guess that’s what I’m saying.”
Cas’ spasms tightly around him when he settles down.
He puts the bottle on the ground between them and offers his palm. “I’m Dean”.
Dean’s next words are spoken so fast he almost doesn’t catch them. “I’m sorry, what?”
Three years of sweat and tears, and now I'm finally here, at the end of this story that I wanted to write for such a long time and that slipped from my grasp again and again. I wouldn't have finished it without the support of the wonderful people who gave it a chance and cheered me on this whole time. Thank you so much for keeping the faith and I really do hope you like the ending.
A thought tries to worm its way through the rush of endorphins.
The next chapter won't take as long, I promise. Just like Cas, I miss Dean, so we'll find out what he's up to next week. Prepare for some angst.
“No, what I mean is- “
By the time Dean had his second cup of coffee, conversation runs more smoothly. Cas finds his footing talking to Dean, who is – innuendo, snark and teasing aside – a fascinating person. He’s not a firefighter, as Cas had imagined, but a mechanic. Cas never much cared for cars, but Dean has a way to talk about his job, his co-workers and customers that has Cas hanging on every word. (Part of it might be Dean’s mouth though, and the way his full lips stretch and move around the vowels…).
Dean indulges him. He closes his eyes briefly to drench up a few images of his home. He talks about the best pie he had and how he gets his burgers just right and the sound Baby makes when they drive along a nice stretch of highway. And Dean can see how Danny forgets about the war and starvation and hopelessness. As he dives into his stories they both forget why they’re here for a while.
“You gotta say something,” Gabe stage-whispers.
His arms are heavy, but his heart is featherlight when he digs his own phone out of his jeans. He thumbs it on and lays it out on the table between them, turns it for Cas to see. It feels momentous, that tiny gesture, which is ridiculous, but still… He could have just as well ripped his chest open for how vulnerable he feels.
Dean sighs and starts again. “Since Cas got his wings back–“
Dean grasps Cas’ hand and tugs it tighter against his chest, weaving their fingers together right above his heart. Cas turns his face so he can press his lips into the valley of Dean’s spine and breathes deep, inhales Dean’s scent. He feels warm and heavy with quiet contentment and closes his eyes again to cherish the closeness a while longer.
“Oh, is that what this is? Could have fooled me,” Cas answers, still smiling and more than a little surprised by his own forwardness.
Cas nods again, his head still moving when Dean dives in and presses his lips against Cas’. It’s a little clumsy and their mouths don’t quite fit, and Cas can feel Dean smiling, before he corrects the angle and brushes his lips over Cas’, this time firm and perfect. His palm is still on Dean’s shoulder where he can the vibration of Dean humming appreciatively into the kiss.
“I see,” Cas murmurs.
“Yes, you did.”
There’s a gasp and more rustling. In the pitch black darkness, Dean’s finds a throat to angle his knife at. The body beneath him is thick and male and smells like…
Thank you all for your comments and encouragement, I would never have gotten through this without it.
“That morning, at the hotel-,” Dean starts in a hoarse voice. “I thought about you, lying in that bed, and about what it’d do to you to know what I’m doing next door.”
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
“Jesus Christ, Sammy. Cas likes his wings petted, like in, he really likes it. He moans and wriggles and sighs whenever I touch him. And I,” Dean doesn’t meet his eyes and his voice is barely a whisper, “– I just don’t know if it’s a sexual thing or not.”
“Yeah, mom. Out in a sec.” With a last look at the nearly blind mirror he steels himself and opens the door. He puts on a forced smile that makes his jaw ache. It’s the one he uses when he talks to relatives and tells them everything will be alright even if he’s 99 percent sure he and Sam will find the missing person long dead in a ditch. “Let’s talk some strategy.”
“No,” Jack says, the single word conveying a myriad of regrets. It’s the same answer Dean got before, the same tone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Lucifer smacks his lips and tips his nonexistent hat. “Thanks for the power-up,” he drawls, sluggish as if he’s high from the new power running through his veins. His eyes glow a deep red. Dean’s so, so close to puking.
Cas hums an affirmative, but is clearly distracted with strategizing the best way to deepen the kiss.
for the encouragement and support.
There’s a short answer. Dean sighs again and ends the call.
The weeks fly by. Summer turns to autumn. Autumn turns to winter. The first snow covers the pavement when he rushes to work one morning, and Cas squints against the brightness of the icy winter day, marveling at the crisp air. He always loved winter. Now it’s just an inconvenience.
Sam supposes he’ll need a more lasting solution than headphones, at least for a few days. A motel, preferably a good distance away. The floor vibrates when he leaves a note on the kitchen table. A lightbulb shatters when he grabs his keys and heads for the garage.
“Do you have an example?” Cas asked, clearly unable to stop his inquisitive mind. Dean had to smile.
“That was then. Now I want them gone. Right. Now.” The third button an Cas’ shirt is no match for Dean’s rough handling and rips off with a pop. Cas has Dean down to his undershirt by then and pinches his side in reprimand.
“Dean,” a voice answers next to Cas, and his heart stops for a second. He turns so fast, a few drops of his coffee spill over his hand, burning-hot. The guy next to him is thin, short and lanky, long brown hair hanging in strands around his face.
“I… I could try, I guess.”
“Is ‘the perfect being’ and ‘something which we cannot even think better’ the same?”
Dean lifts his chin for another kiss, nothing but tongue and teeth and spit. Their hands move in the same rhythm, and the small stall echoes with the slapping sound of wet skin on skin, the sucking noise on the upstroke, the rasp of their heavy breathing.
Cas’ face turned and he came over to stand in front of him.
They fell onto the wet grass. As soon as they landed, Dean realized his mistake.
On the third day it’s clear that Dean’s left leg cannot be saved. Charles’ red hair is plastered to his forehead, deep dark rings have formed under his eyes. “I’m sorry, there’s nothing I can do. We need help.”
When his pulse slows down and his head clears, he searches himself for doubts, sure he will come across a thousand arguments to not go up to Dean’s floor, not to knock on Dean’s door. What he finds, though, is excitement, and curiosity, and want. He wants to know what this day, the next night will bring.
Dean nods, helpless. Because Cas has his lips against his ear, and Cas’ thigh slots between Dean shaking knees, and this – he hasn’t felt like this in a long time.
He drew a deep breath. His voice sank even lower, Dean could barely make out what he said.
He braces himself but still, Dean’s smile is blinding.
Cas tries to reciprocate but his work as a lawyer gives him less options to talk about clients. He takes his confidentiality very serious. That leaves him with stories about his brother, since his own private life could be labeled as “boring to non-existent”. When Dean laughs his booming full-body laugh as Cas recollects the evening where he found his brother in his flat, naked, covered in chocolate, handfeeding a pair of twins with strawberries, Cas wonders for a moment how Dean could ever find him interesting. He is sure that Dean could tell him stories about escapades like that, ones he himself participated in, while Cas sat in his office and went over the same case for the hundredth time to find a weak spot.
“Yeah, what about it?”
Light blue lace panties. It’s not fair.
All eyes were on him, eagerly nodding.
Dean’s lips part in welcome and his tongue darts out to meet Cas’ in a sinful swirl that makes Cas’ stomach drop. His skin burns at every point of contact, transforming the slightest motion into a sensual touch. Holding Dean in his arms feels both foreign and like the most natural thing he ever did, exploring him like something he was meant to do. Dean sighs whenever he finds a sensitive spot with his tongue and his teeth, and every single sound spurs him on to find more, to learn what makes Dean squirm and tense. They kiss and kiss and kiss, until Cas’ head swims and his heart beats like a drum against his ribs, and still, they keep kissing.
He reached the door to the courtyard and leaned his head against it, defeated. He breathed in the familiar smell of incense and mold and human perspiration that had sunk into every surface of the old church. It clung to their clothes after the service.
“Holy shit, Cas,” Dean breathes. His eyes are blown and a little unfocused.
“What the hell did you do?” He doesn’t look up when he asks. The ground between his legs is scattered with bits of paper. He can make out numbers and a few words. This had been a factory for car parts, it seems, but the machines are long gone, scavenged for pieces most likely.
“You did mention that. I’m still not sure how you came in contact with my brother and his mischievous plans.”
“You remember I’m in the room, right?” Cas manages to croak, and he’s proud of himself that he makes it sound reproachful instead of needy.
“Aquinas said that every sexual act other than the copulation of the male and female organ as sin.”
“That’s on my floor. I’m 209.” And he winks. Cas doesn’t think anyone winked at him ever in his life. It’s just not who he is, and he’d find it weird if it wasn’t so adorable. He’s still not sure why Dean flirts with him, of all people, spends time with him, when he could have anybody. He’s about to ask, but Dean pushes away from the edge and turns to him, proclaiming “I’m gonna swim a few round, it’s getting cold. You may ogle me.”
“No, I’m afraid not, Dean. Most people don’t see it that way. They want a clear guideline for their life, they want others to tell them what is right and what is wrong. I can’t fault them for it. Sometimes it’s easier to just follow a rule without asking if it’s a good one.”
Dean huffs a humorless laugh, his shoulders are shaking, and he doesn’t know how he can make them stop. He straightens and turns to lean against the wall, to face Cas, who looks lost and unsure and not at all like he used to look before Dean dragged him down into the mess of his life. This is not the eternal being that burst through a barn door with sparks flying, strutting up to Dean like he owns him. This is Cas – looking lost and close to shattering just like Dean.
Cas lets the warming water chase away the cold. With it, his irritation leaves as fast as it came. He’d like to come up with a witty reply, but all he can think of is how gorgeous Dean looks. So instead of answering he studies Dean in his almost naked glory. The trail of hair that leads from his chest to his groin darkens from light brown to almost black. His skin glistens under the bright bathroom lights. The lace is plastered to his skin and leaves little to the imagination.
“What are you thinking about, Cas?” he asks in a low voice that sends shivers down Cas’ spine.
Cas stares at it for long seconds, recognizing the note for the gift it is. Apparently he isn’t the only one with a formative moment. He turns the cup in his hands, hoping against all hope–
“Castiel,” Ellen greets him, and one look at him is enough to crease her forehead with worry.
The motions of Dean’s hips lose their rhythm. His cock is peeking out from the waistband of the panties, just like Cas had hoped, and when Cas finds the head with his thumb, they both groan from the first real contact, skin on skin. Cas slips his hand into the panties, eager now to feel more of Dean, to feel his weight in his grip. The silk was soft, but the thin skin covering Dean’s hardness is even smoother, delicate when he closes his fist around him and starts stroking.
They untangle slowly, and Dean doesn’t look to closely at how wrong it feels to let Cas go or how perfect their bodies fit against each other.
Guys! Thank you all for your wonderful feedback, it's greatly appreciated!! I love it when you share your theories of what will happen next (and remind me to fill a few plotholes *cough*). Y'all are awesome!
Ellen walks over to the bed in a brisk pace and takes a long look at Dean’s leg, before she starts giving orders. “We need the long table from the kitchen. More light, take the tall candles from the church, and open the windows. The sun will be up soon. I need a hot fire in that hearth,” she points into the corner, “the large kettle full of boiling water, and linen.” Charles, who had been standing next to the bed, nods with every demand, and when Ellen finishes her list, he runs from the room to get the requested items, clearly glad to be able to do something.
Dean puts the plate in his hand down on the table very slowly, carefully. “Oh.” He looks around and turns off the stove, wipes his hands on a towel and straightens his back. “I wanted to make breakfast, but if you’d rather … I mean, I’ll go …”
Cas‘ meaning was clear, wasn‘t it? What he wants and cannot have. What he fucking wants and cannot have. What he fucking wants and
Cas‘ shoulders hunch, but he doesn‘t say anything.
Grace draws Dean’s attention back to her. “So what brings you and your friends here, Dean? Work or pleasure?”
The hiss of a bullet breaks his stupor. Dean ducks, and Cas hands shoot out to grab Dean’s blade and twist it from his grip. Dean’s mind is taken back to a moment years ago, and he sees his own hand bury a blade in Cas’ chest. It’s only fair, he thinks, that he will die by that same blade, by Castiel’s hand. He closes his eyes as he straightens again, knowing that he doesn’t stand a chance against a full-powered angel.
He bends to pick up his blade and stumbles away without another word, in the direction of the battle. He doesn’t turn around, but he feels the presence on his back, the bewildered stare, as he scans the field for a new enemy to kill.
The light sparkles on the water’s surface like diamonds. The pool area is not crowded yet – it’s not even midday –, so Cas finds Dean with a quick glance, lounging on the other side of the long rectangle, propped up on the edge like an offering to long forgotten gods.
He lifts his knife and tries to make out the contours of Cas’ face in the dark.
Squints.
Oops, seems like I'll have to add another chapter to wrap this up. Good news is, the last chapter is almost finished and will be posted this week.
Soft steps come up behind him and stop.
Dean elbows him. “Come on, man, how about Grace’s friends over there?”
“So Lilith is dead?”
“Dean? Everything all right?” Mary sounds worried. Some young and small and needy part of him wants to open the door and tell her everything, curl into the embrace of her arms and cry on her shoulder. He’s dead, he’d say, I lost him. And she would know, or maybe she already suspected all that those words would mean. And she would run, he thinks, she would be just as unable to deal with my shit as I am. So what’s the point?
“Patience,” Cas grumbles and licks under the hem, reveling in the taste of salt and Dean, the smell of him. He runs his nose along the outline of Dean’s erection and places a soft kiss onto the head. Dean murmurs something under his breath, but keeps quiet while Cas teases him.
And Dean’s lips go pliant under Cas’.
Cas’ clammy skin grew hot under him in seconds. Dean felt like he had fallen into burning embers, fire scalding his front and coursing through him to pool deep in his groin.
“And we said, God is the perfect being that cannot even be thought better. But we can think of a better being than the nonexistent God.”
Cas laughs and nods. Dean is an incorrigible flirt, and Cas shouldn’t fall for it so easily, but he does, he loves it when Dean looks at him from under his lashes and spouts those cheesy lines. He just wishes he was better at responding.
“Sorry, I got carried away. The letters are very – passionate.”
“Lucifer”, Cas’, no, Castiel’s, familiar voice grunts out.
He made a pause and opened his hands invitingly. The warm morning light caught on his skin and the clear lines of his face. Not for the first time, Dean thought he looked like the gracious saints in the books. Now his eyes sparkled with excitement.
The cafeteria is a wide and open space with modern furniture in soft earthy tones, and it’s packed. When he weaves his way through the tables, he realizes he has to take Dean up on his offer – he wouldn’t find a seat otherwise. He looks over the heads of the other guests until his gaze catches on a mop of red hair. The head with said hair snaps around when he approaches and reveals the face of a young woman with a bright and cheery smile. Next to her sits Dean, a slight blush on his cheeks and a careful smile around his lips, gorgeous just like Cas remembers.
The door opens and Benny Lafitte, the owner, waves him in.
“Are you jealous?”
“Cas-“ Dean urges.
“Huh? No,” the guy in jeans says while Cas steps up to the desk. He only spares a glance at the guy next to him, before he fixes his gaze on the clerk.
When the evening comes they rest for two hours before they set out again. Day and night bleed into each other here, never really dark, never really bright. They’re on the deserted highway now so they can find their way in the dim half-light of the full moon. The yellow-grey clouds obscure its contours, but their eyes adjust to the gloom that trickles through. When the sky gets slightly brighter again, they can see the outskirts of the city.
