“But I am on my shift now.”
pot of coffee.
“Here are your beverages, gentlemen.” Cas arrived with Dean’s coffee and Sam’s latte, making Dean almost jump from his seat. Thankfully, he didn’t seem to have listened their conversation.
“Sure!” Sam got up and smiled. “The first film will probably be ready in 2015. Wait, let me get my books about the expanded universe. There are a couple of books you should read and then you tell me what you think. You’re gonna love Mara Jade, she totally kicks ass.”
. But you’re different from the others I helped. There’s still…light inside you. They were…like a blank canvas; like newborns.”
And Castiel will do anything to help Dean. Whatever it takes.
“It was to save your life. I couldn’t let Billie take you.”
“Cas, Dean has already a major guilt complex. If you died to save him, it would only add fuel to the fire.”
“We know how to cure demons, remember that?” Sam says.
And here Dean would be laughing about the hope he hears in his brother’s voice. But he’s freaking out, while trying his best not to freak out. “Um, Sam, you didn’t happen to buy an angel for our tree, did you? One that looks exactly like Cas?”
“Why???”
“It’s good to see you, Dean,” Jimmy says solemnly. “Is your brother well?”
, Castiel thought.
Castiel woke up in his room at the back of the diner. He fought a moment of disorientation, but after a few seconds, everything came back in his mind at once: the invasion, the theft, Crowley,
“Jess, baby, you mind if I take a quick shower?” Sam asked, putting all the bags he was holding on the floor next to the TV.
Dean had broken two of God’s Commandments in one go.
“Gabriel. They already knew each other. He’s been taking some of my fallen brothers and sisters to her; she helps them find a place to live.”
Dean hadn’t called the whole Sunday. So Castiel waited, but didn’t worry. He would need some time for himself too, to summon the demon in an abandoned warehouse he’d found at the other side of the city.
“So why did you ask me to meet you here?” Castiel yelled back.
“Even so, darling. Take the money, please,” she said, smiling kindly.
“No, no, no, no!” Castiel screamed, feeling as if his heart was being torn from his chest in cold blood. “Dean, no, please, I’m sorry, please, please…” he sank to the floor, taking Dean with him, and cradled his still body, crying, sobbing in despair.
Castiel waited for Dean’s answer, already knowing that it didn’t matter what Dean would say, he would go with them, one way or the other.
He can’t even think about killing without shuddering. His arm throbs again. Maybe if he hadn’t accepted the goddamn Mark, Abaddon would have killed him and this shit would be over.
“I know. But this means of transportation takes a lot of time. This car is… slow. Confining.”
Sam huffs a laugh. “Yeah, I know what you mean. I know someone just like that.”
Cas’ lie and all the freaking shit about supernatural beings – and Cas was one of them, oh God – seemed so stupid and
Dean looks at his brother. Sam looks like shit, his eyes red and tired, his shoulders hunched and his baldness doesn’t look so funny anymore. Cas is a freaking doll, and seeing him so helpless makes Dean’s heart heavy. Since he doesn’t want to examine why, he mumbles some excuse about needing more coffee and goes to the kitchen, where he can take a deep breath and try to calm down a bit. The last thing Sam and Cas need is for Dean to freak out right now. It’s almost six in the morning, and Dean already knows it’s gonna be a long day.
“That’s it,” Castiel admitted. “I’ve never had sex before.”
carnage
He approached Cas, pulling Sam by the arm. “Hey, Cas,” he said, “How’s it going?”
“I’m on my way,” Cas says, and Dean is smart enough to let the subject drop.
Mary looked at Dean, and a silent understanding passed between them. Sam looked from his brother to his mother, feeling that something big was going on, but unable to understand what.
Then, Dean tells Sam about John and Mary. He tells him about how happy they were, and that they showed him two possible futures, depending on his decisions. That he had to believe he was a good man. He says he has no idea what they were talking about.
Huh. Dean has no idea why this particular thought came to his mind. Is not as if he likes blue eyes.
Dean’s head jerked up. “I’m not hungry. My mother takes good care of us.” He felt the need to defend Mary; she did her best and it wasn’t her fault that she was sick because her bedroom didn’t have a proper heater.
Castiel didn’t want to think about it. If he couldn’t get out, so be it. Even if he died saving Dean, he didn’t mind. He just wanted Dean safe, because no matter what Gabriel said, it was his fault that Dean was in Purgatory, and no one else’s. “How will I find him?” He asked, trying to be objective. There was no use in dwelling in what ifs.
“Dean, let him stay,” Castiel reasoned. “Your father is worried about Sam. Please. This is not the time to fight.”
a little voice inside his head said. Immediately, he shook his head as if to make the thought go away. Self-pity would do him no good. While he was sitting in his bed, reproaching himself, Crowley was probably plotting a new attack; it was a wonder he hadn’t done anything new yet.
Castiel waited expectantly while the Grim Reaper seemed to ponder about his decision.
I don’t know whom he was talking to. Certainly not me, because he was looking at the floor and shaking his head sadly.
“I’m not.” He wished he was. There was a time when a simple touch on Crowley’s forehead could incinerate the demon from inside out. Well, not anymore. “But I can’t do it alone.”
Thank God. In spite of the situation, Dean smiled at them. “Thanks, guys, but please, don’t get hurt,” he said tightly, looking at John and giving him a curt nod. “Dad.”
“I am dead on my feet,” Dean said as he sat on a stool by the counter, while Cas went to fetch him a cup. “I went out last night to have a drink. Don’t remember much, but I woke up in my bedroom with this killer headache, and couldn’t go back to sleep.”
“Sam Winchester?” He raises an eyebrow. “Well well well, to what do I owe the pleasure?”
Pain. A mountain of huge stones that needed to be loaded from one side to the other, a pile that never got smaller no matter how many stones you carried. No rest, no food, no sleep. The occasional beast wanting to tear your head off your body. Extreme heat, then extreme cold. Grime and dirt everywhere.
Baby Cas whimpers, as if having a bad dream, and his tiny hand grabs Dean’s.
But then, he got another angel’s Grace inside him and he turned into something not even he could define. He had Grace, but the heartbeat didn’t go away, nor the hunger or the need to sleep. It was strange, like he was stuck between two worlds, not a human and not an angel.
Gabriel smiled softly. “My Father rules,” he thought, thankful. Because God indeed ruled everything: past, present and future, everything was His and no one could go against His orders. Those who did ended up like Morningstar, and that alone was lesson enough for the angels. It would never cease to amaze Gabriel how his Father could be everywhere at the same time, how amazing he was, and how he had listened to the prayers of a lesser angel – Castiel – in his moment of despair, and had given him a chance.
. Not yet.”
Sam raised his hands in a surrender gesture. “Alright. Listen, um… may I come in?”
It took Castiel a few seconds to understand, but he went to where Dean was and situated himself on the hood of the Impala, beside the man.
“I’m glad you destroyed the evidence.”
“If I had just obeyed him, none of this would have happened. I would have brought Dean’s soul to Heaven and…”
Cas sleeps like a baby – well, he
Leaning on the wall for support, he waits. He needs his strength back now. Determined, he rubs at the Mark of Cain until it’s red and angry, and it starts to glow faintly. “Come on,” Dean mutters, rubbing at it again, until it hurts, until the skin on his arm is swollen. As the glow starts to get stronger, so Dean’s demon juice starts to come back. He starts to feel better, stronger.
…xxx...
“Nothing, man. Just tired. Sam’s screams have been keeping me awake two nights in a row; I think I need some sleep. Um… “
“Yep, yesterday after you guys went to bed…and I spent the night decorating it,” Dean said smugly.
Jess bit her lip. “I’ll pray for you. And I’ll pray for Gabriel too, because if he can help you and Castiel, you’ll be fine. The demon is no match for him.”
happy, too.”
If everything goes to shit, though, it will be nice to have fought by his side. Not that I think the two of us would be of much help, or even fight too much, but you know what I mean.
Going straight to his room, Castiel sighed and closed his eyes, as he closed the door behind him. Dean’s words still in his mind.
Dean kissed him back, giving as much as he got. But after a few seconds, he pushed Castiel away, hard.
, I have no… how can I forgive your sins when I committed as much sins as you? Who am I to forgive them, Dean?”
There was no other way to describe him. Dean Winchester was perfect on the inside, Castiel already knew that, because he had seen his soul once, and it was the most brilliant and unblemished thing the angel had ever seen. But Dean was perfect on the outside too.
“I didn’t see you today.”
playing daddy now, ‘cause we don’t need you.”
He had just wanted to make Cas suffer a little – or maybe a lot – for leading him on.
“Just a minor scratch.”
pretty young,” Sam snorts.
“I assumed he would go to you. I just… didn’t want to burden you with my problems.”
“Ergo, draco maledicte. Ecclesiam tuam securi tibi facias libertate servire, te rogamus, audi nos.”
Later, when all the pizza and the beer was gone, Dean took Cas home. It was a clear night, and they decided to walk, because the diner wasn’t far. Cas didn’t stop talking all the way to the diner; about how much he had liked the Star wars marathon, and how he was already anxious for next weekend. Dean smiled to himself, counting
love her, therefore, it is impurity, sex only for pleasure, not love.”
“I’m not trying to save you, Dean. What I want is to – “
Sam is sprawled on the floor. So is a very normal-sized Cas.
“Come here.”
Dean’s eyes widen.
“Of course.”
it up.” And his hand flew to Castiel’s neck, and he started chanting in latin. “
The demons advanced from all sides, and the humans started to fight them with everything they had. It was more a question of luck than ability, because even though the black-eyed demons were clearly less powerful and less skilled then Crowley, they were still
Sam is yelling at Dean again. But it's Dean's fault, because Sam's brother is stubborn and infuriating and... he drives Sam crazy.
A day and a night come and go, and still Cas sleeps. Dean never leaves his side. Sam comes, offers him soup, then beef jerky, then a beer. Dean refuses everything. It’s not as if he needs to eat.
Monday. The last time Dean had seen Cas; also the time he’d told him to get out of his life forever. Apparently, Cas had followed his instructions to the letter.
Gabriel could find him whenever he wanted to; if and when he could look for Castiel again without attracting Death’s attention. Jessaliel didn’t need him; she was happy with Sam.
“Castiel,” she said on Friday night. “Dean asked me to tell you he’s waiting for you in the park.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “Dean, I didn’t want to burden you anymore. I thought that… it was better that I stayed gone, and…eventually you and Sam would be alright.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Oh, really?” Dean says, and hurries to open it.
“Stop it, Cas!” Dean says louder, and starts coughing, and it makes his chest hurt even more.
Castiel was there, apparently waiting for me. His left hand was bandaged and his shirt had a few drops of blood.
“Love is hard to explain or understand, boy. You will understand your mother when you feel it yourself.”
Cas looks at him with huge eyes. “Of course Dean is my friend, Sam. So are you.”
The first time Dean Winchester saw Castiel, he thought the guy was very strange. Dean had barely stepped inside the diner and the man stopped in front of him.
“We don’t have much time, son,” John says, just like the other ghosts did, and Dean sits up, meaning to follow them. “We need to get going.”
heartbeat. Castiel’s. And he liked it, this reminder of his humanity, this… way to feel connected to the people he had tried so much to protect.
“I’m past saving, Cas,” Dean finally says.
“But… is he at least worthy of her?”
Dean gulped. He wanted so much to kill Crowley that his vision was almost red with anger. But if he did, he would die, and if he died, no one would save Cas. He had to find a way to free Cas from the collar still on his neck, so Cas would have a part of his mojo back and would be able to heal and fight.
otherwise it would be a complete chaos. Someone always gave the orders – an archangel, Death, or even God himself – and the angels obeyed. It had always been like this since the beginning of time. Angels didn’t disobey. If they didn’t like their orders, either they fell or they conformed to the rules. The only one who had refused to fall was casted out to Hell, and there was nothing angelic in him anymore.
“But sir – “
“You need to talk to him,” I said. “Tell him how you feel, tell him that you were desperate and he was dying and you acted on an impulse because you love him so much!“
Castiel shook his head, so sad he couldn’t even describe. For someone not used to feeling emotions – angels were warriors, feelings were a completely foreign concept to them – he certainly had been feeling a lot of them lately. Maybe because his Grace wasn’t completely there to buffer all the human emotions he had no clue how to fight.
So, this was Castiel. The angel. And wow, he was even dreamier than I’d thought.
“Gabriel, don’t swear.”
Dean found Castiel slumped behind the Gas’n Sip last night, with a cut on his forehead and other bruises. But at least Castiel was awake when he came back with Dean today, first thing in the morning. Apparently an angel found him, some guy named Jedediah. But Castiel is so BAMF that he killed him, even not being an angel anymore. Well, that’s really sad, I suppose, the Jedediah guy was his brother, after all.
She looked tiredly at John’s hand over hers on the table. “Alright,” she said, after a few seconds. “But only after this nightmare is behind us.”
He wasn’t in Heaven anymore; he was on Earth.
They waited patiently while Castiel ate everything. Dean cleaned the floor and Missouri only opened the diner when they were sure he was alright. Then Dean left for work and Castiel spent the whole day between cleaning tables and serving coffee; before he knew it, it was late night and the diner was closing.
“Crowley!”
“I told him, this Grace is mine now, and I do with it what I please.”
“Cas!” Sam comes running a few hours later, and Castiel doesn’t even have to think what’s happening. He follows Sam and they find Dean unconscious on the floor, his face on the dirty rug. "He got up and fell," Sam says.
“Than let Hannah help,” Sam pleads, although he’s not sure she’d want to. He doesn’t even know why she’s still here. Maybe because she likes Cas. “Maybe if Cas asks her-“
But he couldn’t find the angel. He waited and waited, but he couldn’t find the one who had caused his torment. He knew Castiel was way stronger than him, but strength wasn’t everything. Castiel was an angel. Therefore, all the malice Crowley had, Castiel lacked. Crowley would find a way; he would come up with a plan. All he knew was that Castiel would pay dearly for imprisoning him.
“Where is Cas’ Grace?” Sam shouts, grabbing the bars too. He’s losing his mind, because he really, really wants to put an angel’s blade through Metatron’s heart, but right now he needs him and he’s absolutely sure the asshole will never tell him where he put Cas’ Grace.
, and he knew it would be too much for him.
I felt bad, I swear. I knew I shouldn’t be listening to that talk. Is sounded far too intimate. But what could I have done? If I’d closed my room’s door they would’ve seen me, and it would’ve been even more awkward. So I stayed quiet, praying for them to go talk and be cute somewhere else.
“What the fuck?” Dean almost yells, finally  going inside. “You’re just gonna let him die? What the fuck, Jack? Dying hurts!”
Castiel felt a pang of sorrow for his young brother. Samandriel had compassion, indeed. Too much for his own good.
“No chick flick moments, Samantha,” Dean tries to lighten the mood, because, shit. He expected Sam to miss him, of course… but not like this.
“Dean, I love you,” Castiel said, desperate, fearing what he knew was about to come.
Mary shakes her head. “We’ve given you the tools. Now you need to do it alone. We can’t believe in yourself for you. But, once you do that… good things, amazing things will follow. And now,” she says softly, “We have to go.”
Cas shakes his head no. “Not heaven. Just me. No other angel would follow me down there. But, as you see, I’m a bit hurt and I can’t go on my own. I was thinking that maybe you and Sam could help me.”
“This is bull shit, Dean, and you know it! I’ve been in Hell too, remember? Do you think I deserve to be a demon?”
“Dean. let me say this, please. I always thought that, if you died, I’d just… go to Heaven so I could be near you. And if you went to Hell, I’d rescue you again; at least I’d try. But if you stay a demon… as a Knight of Hell, you’ll have a very long – and violent – life, and everyone you love will die. I’m the one who will have to stay – because we’ve already established that I can’t seem to let you go – and I’ll have to watch you murder the world. That’s not… something I want to see, ever.”
Well, when Dean and Castiel decided to tell her and appeared in the diner holding hands, Missouri had given Dean a hug and a kiss on the cheek. But she had dragged Castiel to the kitchen and looked at him sternly. “You’re not gonna hurt that boy, you hear me?”
“I’m fine,” Castiel says, blinking, and only then he realizes where he is: lying on Dean’s bed
Cas gave a half shrug. “Uneventful,” he said, still holding the broom and looking at Sam expectantly.
coming after us again. Shit, I can’t even think about explaining to them what you are. If you really are who you say you are.”
Castiel smiled softly. “I enjoy reading very much.”
For a week, he had observed the man whose death he would be responsible for. And at the end of every single day, he had gone to Heaven in shame and doubt. Shame that he had once more failed to execute such a simple task. Doubt about the task itself, for Castiel couldn’t understand why he had to do it, and that led to questions that led to hesitation.
DECEMBER
“Dean, don’t,” Cas starts. “Please.”
“Careful!” Dean says, and Sam is surprised by how strong his voice is. “Let him rest on the bed, Sammy. He needs a little time before he wakes up.”
Castiel’s head was still tilted to his right and, at Dean’s reluctance to speak, he started to fear the worse: Dean wanted to tell him to forget the kiss. He would have to pretend he didn’t care, of course, to keep something akin to dignity.
Castiel would like to say “likewise” to Gabriel’s comment, but he was not one to lie. Gabriel’s physical appearance was… unimpressive. He was short, had light brown hair, and a funny face that gave the impression he was always mocking you. Well, maybe he was. Castiel was aware of his nakedness, and extremely uncomfortable by it.
“Dean, I… you are very important to me.”
John eyes Castiel suspiciously, but started talking. “I called your mother today,” he said. “I’ve been calling her these past weeks.”
Castiel guided Dean until he was bent at the waist and properly braced for their next activity.  He caught sight of movement in Dean's hips and let his eyes linger to investigate.  A thick curve of flesh twitched against the cloth pants, the man already half-hard before they had even gotten started.
“Toby McGuire wasn’t a good Peter Parker because he doesn’t look like a dork.”  That voice came from somewhere near by, perhaps a few feet away.  It was easy, even through the lingering pound of his headache, to recognize his brother’s shitty attempt at whispering.
Pleased with himself, Dean folded his arms on the mattress and rested his head to watch Castiel as he ate.  He didn't have to leave for work for hours, but not a bone in his body protested.  Being awake at the moment meant he'd have more time with Castiel.  And that was better than any dream.
“No.”
I hope y'all are happy and healthy.  Please feel free to drop me a line, I'd love to hear from you.
The cramped space quickly filled with commotion as the stage door opened and the performers pushed past them.  Shaky hands pulled at the gimp suit as the submissive stumbled through the hall.  Tripping himself up on the fabric, the man careened into Castiel.  A pair of hands shot out with offers of help and stability.  The man held onto Castiel's forearms to steady himself.  His green eyes caught the other's gaze before dropping quickly to stare at the floor.  He mumbled an apology before continuing his walk to the dressing room.
“Yeah.”  Dean had been looking forward to dinner because it thrilled him to please Castiel.  He had wanted to suck sauce from Castiel's fingers and to lick crumbs from his palm, but now the memory of the scene left a sour feeling in his stomach.
He peeled his hand from Dean's face, leaving a sticky print around his ear.  Dean wrinkled his nose as the residue prickled his skin.  He didn't have time to think much of it as Castiel was holding out his palm again.
“1986,” He reflected, making a face.  “Son of a bitch.”
“I agree.”
When Castiel stood, Dean crawled to his heel.  In his desperation for the comfort of Castiel's touch, Dean brushed up against the tail of his trench coat as they traveled through the rooms.  When he walked into the living room, Dean followed as quickly and quietly as he could manage.
Dean stood his ground as Zachariah’s clammy hand predictably cupped his cheek.  The pad of his thumb swiped over his bottom lip.  Dean took a step back, but Zachariah moved with him.  He tried to turn his head, but Zachariah’s hand held tighter.
Castiel seemed to brighten up a little at Dean's vote of confidence.  He wanted to feel useful, capable.  Cas picked up the pace for their last lap.
There's foreign chatter before the voice is directed back to the phone.  “Who?”
Anticipating Dean's collapse, Castiel caught him easily.  He eased them both onto the floor and knelt Dean between his legs.
Dean wanted to make it up to him, but he had no idea what the guy liked.  All he knew was that he was kind, he had apparently terrible taste in music, and his thighs were more comfortable than any pillow Dean had ever owned.  That, wait, that was real, wasn’t it?  Dean wondered if any of his memories were only a dream.  “You like Spiderman movies, Cas?”
“Dean.”  He looked cautiously over the man as he stood near the door.  Dean's eyes were already cast downward, arms relaxed at his sides, breathing evenly.  But to Castiel everything about it seemed forced.
Dean lied.  “House call.  Need to help him get started on a restoration.  Waiting in his driveway now.  Went out to get some parts.”
Castiel
Dean searched Castiel's expression for further explanation, “You sure?”  He leaned into Castiel's space in a way that most people would probably find intrusive, but it earned him a hug instead.
inside me walked and talked with my body and I… I just…” John hid his face in his arms again, his shoulders shaking in silent crying.
“Lemme take a look,” Dean says, his hands already on Cas’ shoulders, looking for a way to take the armor off him.”
“I know that,” she says. “But your feelings for Dean and for Sam are not the same, Castiel. I think… for Dean, you feel love, don’t you? Human love? Like all the human emotions we were talking about?”
“Dean, don’t,” Castiel put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “We are in a police station, please try to control your rage.”
Slowly, Dean’s hand went to his own face, the imprint of his father’s hand already visible, even in the streetlight. He gave a step toward John. Raising a finger, he put it practically on his father’s nose. “You stay away from me, your son of a bitch,” and he shoved his father hard, both hands on John’s shoulder. John fell on the ground, on his ass, and looked at Dean with an astonished expression.
“I told you to go home, Sammy,” he said tiredly, not opening his eyes.
“Cas?!?” Dean can’t believe what she’s saying. God-Cas freed his mother from Hell? And he didn’t think it was important for Dean to know that?
Cas gets up, all kindness gone from his expression. “The Grace is mine to do what I want with it. Don’t presume to understand my reasons, Dean.”
In the meantime, Castiel was going to enjoy Dean’s proximity and try to make the man happy. Which was why he was currently baking him an apple pie. Or, he was trying to.
“Really?” Gabriel said to Dean. “You didn’t get it? Mhm, you’re dumber than I thought. Maybe we should have a little tête-a-tête.”
“Hiya, Cas!”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Denial, denial, your name is Dean Winchester.”
“Hello, how are you this fine morning?” Dean attempted a little sarcasm, because come on, who was this guy?
“It is! It fucking is and don’t you
“Ex-wife, Dad. Ex-wife, because you fucking cheated on her!”
“She fell in love with a man; a human, Castiel!” Rachel said, exasperated. “She left us to become a mortal!”
succeed? What if they get you
Since the diner didn’t open on Mondays, the angel decided to clean everything. He needed something to pass the time or he would go mad. Everything was already clean, but Castiel grabbed a large brush and started cleaning the tiled floor.
“Going to the library, I suppose.”
Castiel closed the door quietly when he left, and the weight of his defeat was so big that it was almost too hard to keep standing. Slowly, he started to walk back home, knowing nothing was going to be alright, ever again.
John looked at Dean hesitantly, but then he seemed to make up his mind, because he took a deep breath and spoke. “There is,” he said. “There is something we can do to save Sam.”
“We need archangels, Dean. Heaven is too big, and we need someone with power enough to contain everything while others rebuild. I – I can’t do everything alone, and… we need someone with more power, who’s not Jack, in case he needs to be away for a while. And I – I don’t want more power. We already know how I acted when I had more power than I could deal with. More pride than compassion.”
Genesis 1: 1-31
Dean parked the car near the warehouse and checked the address again. There weren’t many buildings in this place, so he couldn’t be wrong. Or so he hoped.
Castiel sighed. “I know. But as you said yourself, I’m a grown man, and I can make my own decisions. I’m coming with you and John.”
. Sam rolls his eyes, and goes to take a shower. Cas says he’ll help, but he looks completely lost with all that sparkling material around him, looking at the tinsel on the floor with his head tilted to one side and a frown, so Dean decides, barely hiding his grin, that Cas can help him, holding the garlands while Dean puts them in place.
“Can’t,” he says, pushing the bowl away from him and in Cas’ hands again.
Castiel felt that the whole world was crumbling around him. “Is this really what you want?”
GABRIEL
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas says from under him, and Dean opens his eyes and jumps from the bed as fast as he can. Which proves to be a mistake, because in his hurry, he takes almost all the blanked with him, and , and, and
Dean shook his head. He wouldn’t accept charity. “I can’t, m’am, thank you, b - but…” he said, looking at the floor, embarrassment making him stutter.
But in the war room, there’s a note in Castiel’s elaborate handwriting: “Dean disappeared. I’m going after him. C.”
“Dean will never come. He doesn’t want to see me.”
“Ya hafta stay,” Dean said, mouth so close to Castiel that he had to close his eyes at the onslaught of emotion that gripped him. “B’cause I care about ya, ‘kay?”
Sam took their mother to the living room and she sat on an armchair near the fireplace. “It is very beautiful,” she said, her voice trembling a little, her eyes suddenly moist. “Thank you, sweetie,” she said to Dean, who blushed a little.
Dean huffs a laugh. “Neither do I, Cas. He’s out of tune.”
“What?” Dean said, the hand on Castiel’s neck sliding lower to rest on the small of his back.
“What staring contest?” Feigning innocence, Dean kicked his brother’s shin under the table.
“Cas, you damn fool,” Dean says, and Castiel buries his face on the crook of Dean’s neck and breathes in. “I’ve got you, it’s all right, you’re all right.”
Hannah sighs. “He was leaving, walking down the road. Not too far. I think he was going to wait for a car to pass on the road and hitchhike. Sam ran after him and, with my help, we trapped him with the handcuffs; the ones with the devil’s trap on them.
The demon laughed again. “Not today, Castiel. Today I want to see you squirm and run to save your beloved Dean Winchester from adding one more line on that list of yours.”
“Shit, Cas, you sound like you’re talking about the mafia here.”
Sam decided to be honest and say what he really thought. “Look, Dad, I know you made a big mistake. A huge, shitty one but… I think this is between you and Mom. You should go see her if that’s what you want. You were married to
When he woke up to an empty bunker, he realized Dean had played him. Dean knew he would be weak immediately after using his Grace, so he made Castiel use it, and when he slept, Dean ran away. And he took Castiel’s car.
“I’ve… I’ve never… I… um…”
When Metatron made him human, it was the first time Castiel had a heartbeat – not Jimmy’s heartbeat, no, since Jimmy had been gone since Castiel’s first explosion by Raphael’s hands; but
He’d left Sam and Dean alone for a while, because the brothers needed to talk. Knowing Dean, he was probably feeling very guilty about all the things he’d said and done to Sam. Besides, Castiel needed time to recover. After he used his Grace curing Dean, he felt weak and tired. The cut in his hand wasn’t healing as it should, so Hannah took him to the library, where he lay on one of the couches there, until Sam left Dean’s room.
Dean turned off the phone and looked at Castiel with disbelief evident on his face. “It was my dad,” he said. “I need to go to the police station. Now.”
Jess smiled. “I missed this habit of yours, tilting your head like that.”
Dean tells him everything, starting with Samuel’s visit, then Bobby’s, then his parents’. He tells all about the things he saw behind all the doors he opened – except, maybe, that he and Cas were together, like,
“Believe me, I can. She has helped me before, relocating a few of our fallen brothers and sisters. And she can be a little intimidating, but I would trust Missouri with my life.”
Cas’s eyes widen. “Dean, I am
“Dean,” John says, smiling, and suddenly Dean sees himself in his father’s arms. It’s been a long time – even when he was alive – since John last hugged Dean like that. “I love you, son. Never forget that. And I’m so, so proud of you. Tell Sam we’re okay and happy, and we love him.”
There were lots of things Dean could have done. He could have prayed to one of Cas’ brothers. He could have started to run and throw himself over the first cliff he found. He could have started drinking until he got into an alcoholic coma. But none of these things would give him the chance to see Cas again. None of these would bring Cas back to him, safe, alive.
Wow, this is complicated.
But Crowley wasn’t an amateur, and he hadn’t gone to hell for playing fair. He snapped his fingers and more demons appeared, and the dismayed grunt Dean gave showed Castiel how tired he was. Looking around, the angel saw that everyone had redoubled their efforts and he felt a surge of gratitude for Jessaliel, Sam and John, because they had refused to let Dean fight alone.
“Lemme get the Borax. You – you stay there. I’ll be right back.”
“I told you, it´s not about that. I worry because he is my charge.”
“But why can’t Anael love one man and still serve the Lord?”
Dean blinks. “Come again?”
They stare at each other angrily for a few seconds, and Dean has no idea why the notion that Cas is sacrificing himself – again – for him makes him so mad when it didn’t bother him so much years ago. He doesn’t want to see Cas hurt because of him; he knows the little shit needs the fucking Grace to keep living, at least until he finds a more permanent solution.
, because the idea of Cas dying because he had refused to help him was worse than anything he could imagine.
They don’t say anything for a few seconds. Then Cas frowns a little and turns to Dean, his head tilted, in concentration. “Does this mean I am the equivalent to you of Cain’s wife, Collete?”
“What, now?”
“Dean!” Sam yelled, and Dean started running in their direction, meeting them right in the middle of the warehouse, where Cas was still on the floor.
“What’s inside?” Dean still doesn’t know why he followed the guy for starters, but he’s more than intrigued by the fact that Samuel went to Heaven, since he wasn’t a very good person when he came back from the dead. Well, the ghost could be lying. Only, this guy here, in spite of his harsh manners, doesn’t feel like the Samuel Campbell Dean last saw. This guy is still unpleasant, but there’s a peaceful vibe coming from him. So, yeah, against his better judgment, Dean’s gonna give him a vote of confidence this time. “Are we looking for something?” he asks, before touching the closest doorknob.
Dean was still frowning as he lowered himself to his knees before Cas.  His hazel eyes looked up at Castiel for one brief moment of defiance before finding the floor.
Dean leaned into what little personal space Castiel had left in order to talk into his ear.  “You want a drink?”
Castiel couldn’t make it to the stranger in time to break his fall, but he was first to pull him up after he passed out.  With a few others sober enough to help, Castiel dragged the guy to a booth near the back.  A door was propped open for those that yearned to fill their lungs with menthol and tar.  The booth reeked of tobacco, but there was a breeze blowing that cooled off the area.  Though Castiel had been hoping to expose the man to some fresh air, this would have to do for now.
.  Ya know?”
Folding his arms over his chest, Dean narrowed his eyes.  “Stop saying it's nothing.  It's not
“Spoon, hand, or dish,” Castiel said blankly, trying to conceal his excitement.
He flagged down a passing waitress and was relieved to receive a tall glass of melting ice.  The girl mumbled something about “light weights” and left after snapping, “Your friend better not die here tonight.”
So yeah.  Hi.  I'm getting hungry.  Thought you might want to grab a bite.
.  Castiel wasn't really the begging type, but what an ego boost that would be to see him transform into squirming mess of unmet desire.
“You know what?  I think I’ll just take one jar.”
Dean’s hand moved across the bench and squeezed Castiel’s thigh.  He felt the tension in the muscle and knew that even though he couldn’t fix things with Cas’s work, couldn’t find words to make it all better, he could do something to help Cas relax.
Castiel's passed his hands over Dean's scalp, settling his fingers at the base of his skull.  His thumbs pressed circles into Dean's neck.  The touch elicited soft groans from the man beneath him.  Hearing the sounds of pleasure was almost enough to make Castiel moan himself.  He watched Dean's body rock slowly under the kneading of his hands.  He could see Dean was having trouble keeping his eyes open.  “Talk to me, Dean.  Keep yourself awake.”
While Dean and Gabriel huddled at the sandwich counter, Kali spoke with Castiel about the baby.  She was exhausted.  Although she carried the pregnancy well, the baby was already poised for birth which made for a very uncomfortable third term.  She encouraged Castiel to touch her belly and feel the baby as it squirmed about.
“What 'hmm'?”  Dean snapped, pausing his work.  “What's that mean?”
Castiel tripped over his own feet, but managed to keep himself upright.  He was grateful that Dean didn’t see his awkward entrance.  Walking the few last steps to meet Dean, he took deep, steadying breaths.  He told himself that Dean showing up was a good thing and he reached up to tap him on the shoulder.
“Sorry.  I didn’t mean to…”  Dean didn’t know what he was apologizing for, so it was a little weird to be saying the words at all.  “Hey,” he said, a new thought sprung to mind.  “You going to that music festival.  The one at Singer’s field?”
His green eyes blinked open and he croaked, “I'm up.”  Despite his announcement, Dean made no outward effort to move.
Dean felt sick.  He knew some of the club’s patrons had constructed elaborate fantasies about the performers.  Hell, he knew that Castiel had imagined Dean belonging to him long before they had met.  It was part of the appeal of the club.  But no one had ever made him as uncomfortable as Dean felt in this moment.
Panic rose up into his throat until it felt like he was drowning.  It took all of his strength to keep his face free of emotion.  Castiel had long since stopped taking notes and took tentative sips from his glass, but what good was water when he needed air?
Cas touched Dean's arm, taking note of the raised bumps along his skin.  “Are you cold?”  Castiel asked, already suspecting the goosebumps were caused less by the weather and more by their proximity.  He delighted in the ways Dean's body called out to him, begged for more, while Dean stood in silent submission, waiting for Castiel to make his move.
They settled down among the pillows and turned on the television.  With the glowing light of the screen, Castiel saw no need for the lamp and easily pulled the chord without disturbing Dean's position.  He would have left the light on all night if moving meant separating from Dean right then.
“He probably just woke up on the wrong side of your bed.”
Dean tried not to give weight to the thought that perhaps Dominance could mean something different to Castiel.
“I know.”  Dean shrugged with his free shoulder.  “I just don't get this whole aftercare thing.  I mean, tonight, when you hit me...  It wasn't that bad.  Really, I feel fine.  You probably don't need to do this whole massage thing.”  Dean could sort of understand that a massage might help if he was in real pain or feeling some kind of way about an intense scene.  But that wasn't the case here.  Dean found himself enjoying the spanking, though he thought it best not to mention it.
Dean rolled Castiel carefully to his other side, adjusting the cord as he went.
Did it matter?  Should this change the way Dean leaned into the guy’s shoulder?  Must he give voice to the muddled apology rising in his chest?  His mind betrayed him as it refused to make sense of the situation, instead thundering on with blinding pain.
Cas’s eyes went wide and he found it hard to speak.  “Dean, I- I don’t…”
As Dean’s dick rubbed against the rope, it drooled another thick line over Castiel’s abdomen. He gave a breathless cry and crooked his fingers under the knot at the center of Castiel’s chest. He dragged Castiel’s shoulders up off the bed and lifted him until their mouths met in a passionate kiss. They breathed heavily through their nostrils and Castiel groaned. His arms still over his head caused a sweet stretch in his shoulders that added a new layer of sensation to their play.
The way Dean made his second point left Castiel feeling put out, like his age was somehow unacceptable.  “What does it matter who is younger or older?”
Dean's hand moved over his dick with a squeeze and a pull.  He groaned, dropping his chin to his chest and set his wrist to a gentle pace.  Dean found it hard to meet Castiel's gaze as he pumped his fist around his shaft.  There was no precedent for what was happening.  At any time Dean felt he could be told to stop – and he knew he would.  The thought of the control he would give to his Dom made his hips stutter.
Dean covered his ears with his hands. “Oh my God, Dad, too much information! I didn’t need to know that! There’s an invisible line you just crossed here, Dad, Jesus Christ, no son wants to know that!”
Castiel’s heart did a somersault, thinking it could be Dean. But it wasn’t. Instead, a beautiful blonde stood at the door, staring nervously at him. “Can I help you?” he asked.
“The burgers are burning, you idjit!” Bobby screams from somewhere, and Dean just looks at Jimmy, gives him a yellow half-smile and leaves, relieved. He never loved the smell of burning burgers so much.
Sam gets closer too, pats his back. It’s strange that he doesn’t try to hug Dean, but well, Dean was about to hurt him when Cas arrived, so it’s a wonder Sam is here at all. “I’m really glad it worked,” he says, and his eyes are moist again. He looks like he’s already forgiven Dean and, wow, Sam’s heart is really big and soft, because he probably has. Crap. Dean’s little brother is a giant girl.
?” He shook his head vehemently. “It’s not like that. At all. Can’t a guy have a friend, for Christ sake?”
Jess sighed tiredly. “This is Gabriel, the archangel, Mr. Winchester.”
“Cas built this place” Dean repeats like a parrot, not really paying attention to what they’re saying. “You mean my friend, Cas.”
“I didn’t say no. I just… reasoned and begged and pleaded and…” Castiel widened his eyes. “Oh.”
Dean started to walk, snorting, tossing the empty bottle aside and grabbing another one from the cooler beside the car. “I can’t believe it. I just can’t. You’re an angel of the freakin’ Lord. Angels are real, and I had sex with one of them.”
“Yeah, I’ve seen Bobby, Mom, Dad, Charlie, Jo, Ellen… even Jimmy freakin’ Novak. Everyone except you.”
Her eyes had softened instantly and she had patted his cheek lightly. “Alright. I’m glad we had this conversation.”
“Missouri said-
“You are strong, Dean. I know it. I believe in you.”
“You were happy. I didn’t want to- “
Dean was decided to change that. He didn’t have the courage yet, but he would have, hopefully soon. He watched as Cas ran his hands through his own hair, his face alight, excited, as if this was the first time he’d ever had a friend to discuss outlandish plans and absurd ideas about a science fiction movie with.
Dean scowled. “You know I haven’t.”
Which leads me to the other thing I’ve been thinking about: Castiel.
have to fucking
Dean grimaces. “Like crap. Everything hurts. And I’m starving.”
December, 4th, 2013
“Oh my God,” he whispered, terror invading him so fast that he felt like there was no more air in the room. He couldn’t breathe, he was suffocating in the panic and the possibility that Cas could be dead.
No, scratch that. Crowley is probably just using Dean to get rid of the demons he hates. And it’s not that demons can be friends, anyway, so fuck it. Besides, Dean doesn’t need anyone to worry about is soul, ‘cause he doesn’t have one anymore.
“I think we came to an impasse, because I don’t want to see you dying either.”
Castiel sighed. “I’ve never read your thoughts, if that’s what you’re implying.”
It was sad that he had realized how much he loved the feathery bastard only in the end. Dean had said ‘I love you’ when everything was sun and flowers but… he’d said he didn’t love Cas after the truth came out. Yeah, sure, it was big, Cas was an angel and Dean asked himself if he really knew Cas at all. But then Cas was in danger, and Dean realized that he didn’t mind that Cas was an angel; fuck, he could be an E.T. and Dean would still love every piece of him.
While Sam and Cas talked about the awesomeness of Star Wars, Dean watched them. Again. He liked to watch Cas talking with his brother animatedly, like old friends. It made him feel that Cas belonged there.
“Sam’s must be the most recent one,” Castiel whispered, going to the shelf closer to the door.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t want to embarrass you,” Jack comes to the kitchen when Dean’s doing the dishes, after dinner. Sam is… somewhere under a pile of books, probably.
For one, it was good he used Sam as a vessel, or Sam would have died. The trials almost killed him and the false Ezekiel said he would fix Sam. On the other hand, the angel apparently didn’t do anything like that, because as soon as he left Sam’s body, Sam collapsed and he would be dead – again – if Castiel hadn’t put some grace into him.
Outside, the day was sunny and cloudless, and Castiel walked to Missouri’s car to get the groceries with no hurry. The little flower shop that belonged to Mary Winchester was already opening, and she waved at him from the other side of the street. She was a sweet and kind woman, and everybody in the neighborhood talked fondly about her. and she had always smiled and waved at him since he arrived, even before they’d met.
Dean shrugged. “Nah. I don’t need anything, Mom. I have you guys.”
“All right, then. I’ll just… um…” Sam walks to the door, because he’s sure Dean will bite his head off for calling Cas to help and 'waste' his mojo again. But Dean is looking at the angel, his eyes soft, almost tender, and
“Yeah. Oh,” Dean repeats eloquently.
“Merry Christmas, Sammy, and don’t bother. Sleep in at least one day in your freaking nerdy life, for Christ’s sake!”
“And your brothers?”
“Dean?” Cas tilts his head to one side, and Dean thinks he sees hope in his blue eyes. Hope Dean wants to give him, more than anything.
There was no time to think. The moment Castiel went through the portal, he was assaulted by the worst stench imaginable, like rotten flesh and suffocating smoke. “
“What if I want to talk about this?” Dean blurts out.
All in all, Dean liked him. A lot. As a friend, of course, –
“As much as I would love to stay and have tea while we chat, I have an appointment,” Crowley lifted one eyebrow, the knife’s tip still pressed against John’s heart. “I suggest you run to your dear Dean, Castiel. He might need you. He’s very upset, after last night. Oh, and look for him at his workplace, will you?” When Castiel frowned, Crowley gave an evil smile and said, “Think, Castiel, what day is today? Sunday, isn’t it? I would
“Why would I be up at five A.M. if not for you? When will you learn to knock on people’s doors at a more appropriate time, boy?”
---- This booklet was published by Samandriel Books. Editor: Charlie Bradburry. All rights reserved.
“I don’t want your Grace, Castiel,” Death snarled. “You’re useless to me.”
“Shit, Sammy,” he said, shaking his head. “Yes, yes! I’ll be there as soon as I can!”
“Stop right there,” Dean said sharply. “You know what, I’m leaving now. See you tomorrow.” He turned around and started walking to the Impala, not waiting for John’s reply. “Bye, Bobby,” he said when he passed the old man who was trying to put a cap over his beanie.
Castiel stopped dead on his tracks, the pot of coffee in his hand. The very
Castiel was not Dean Winchester’s guardian angel. He was a Malakh, a warrior. He was not a guardian angel. On the contrary, his job was to collect his soul and deliver him to Death, so the Grim Reaper could take him before their Father to be judged. For Dean’s time on Earth had ended and the man would be rewarded for his life in Heaven.
“No way!” Dean snapped. “And while we’re chatting here, Charlie and Dad are in there doing their part. Cut the crap and let’s do ours!”
But Dean didn’t let Castiel go so easily. With his hands on the sides of Castiel’s face, he trapped him against the counter. “Come on, Cas, just a little make out.  We’re entitled to do that, we’re dating.”
’. And yes, I am Dean’s boyfriend.” He tried to fight the pride in his voice but failed miserably.
because he loved this man, this stubborn and imperfect and wonderful man with everything he had.
“So, this is where you sleep,” Dean commented casually, but Castiel was busy looking for the shirt, so he just grunted in response. “I’m gonna text Mom to tell her I’m here, ‘cause she’s alone at home but there’s no way I’m leaving in this rain. Sam went out with Jess to celebrate his new job and I don’t think he’s gonna sleep at home,” he chuckled.
“I’m coming, Sammy! Hang on!” The closer Dean gets to the common bathroom, the more scared he gets, because Sam’s cries are getting louder and more desperate. If someone is hurting his brother, Dean will –
“If you’re going to say you’re not worth it, don’t bother. I stand by what I said, and every word is true. You’re the best human being I have ever known, and I’d like that you at least give me the courtesy of believing in my words.”
“Hell yes.” And Dean’s hands were on the sides of Castiel’s face, and he was kissing him again, all soft lips and warm breath. This kiss was different from the first; there was heat in this one, so much that Castiel’s hands, already curled on the back of Dean’s neck, were starting to sweat.
Crowley raised his hand, Cas’ blade in it, and stopped before he could hurt Dean. “Bugger this, I forgot this thing can’t hurt you. You’re only a pathetic human.” He threw the angel blade aside, frowning. “My bad.”
“So, this is how it’s going to be?”Castiel asked, looking wearily at Crowley.
Cas reaches for Dean’s hand and squeezes it briefly, as if saying
“Look, Cassie…the angels fall and Heaven simply doesn’t care about what happens to them anymore. Did you have any idea of what you’d do if you hadn’t prayed for me? I help them because they’re my family. I just think it’s wiser to do it in secret. You never know who could be watching.”
“I hope you know that your shirt is covered if flour now,” Cas deadpans, and kisses Dean anyway.
The fact was that Dean didn't know anything about Cas. Not really. Sure, he knew his last name and where he was from, but… it was like he never get tired of learning more about him, because everything about the guy seemed interesting even though it wasn’t anything amazing, just a normal shitty childhood. Dean could relate.
will stay there in the mud with humans, Castiel. You will
“What are you going to do if he comes knocking?”
“He can take care of himself, believe me,” Crowley snorted. “Please, leave, and you’ll be doing me a huge favor.”
“Stop right there, I told you!” Dean snapped. “You think I’m stupid? You think I’m gonna fall in your pretty story about Heaven and Hell? How naïve do you think I am? This is bull shit!”
Dean looked at John in silence, questioningly, but Castiel realized with trepidation that he was thinking about it.
I asked how he felt, with the grace inside him, and he said he’s great. But he’s also scared. He said he’s thankful for what Castiel did, but he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop, because nothing for him is easy, ever. He thinks he won’t survive this, because God knows if the grace is fixing him or just acting as a buffer to keep him from dropping dead.
“She must like you,” Castiel said, with something very similar to anger starting to burn hot in his chest.
“Dean!” Cas comes from the kitchen, holding a spatula. Despite wearing an apron – a red one, with a huge ‘
Castiel takes some time to answer. ”Then I don’t know. I wish it would be easy to kill him, because I believe that’s what he, what the real Dean would want. But I find myself unable to do it. I really don’t want to have to kill him, should it come to that.”
Every Tuesday morning, Dean and Sam went to Missouri’s diner to have breakfast. They both got up really early and, along with their mother, Mary, went to the wholesale next town to get her flowers supply. Then, they arranged everything in the deposit at the back of the shop and Mary and Becky, her employee, started arranging the flowers in vases.
“What about Dean?” Sam asked. “What do we do?”
Dean widens his eyes, and the look on his face makes Castiel realize what he just said. He opens his mouth to try to take his words back, but he knows that Dean heard them loud and clear. He gets up as fast as he can, looks at the floor and whispers, "I'm sorry. I... I'm going to call Sam, see if he's already coming back. You must be hungry." And he leaves Dean's bedroom trying hard not to show his utter mortification.
“Demons are cunning creatures, I’m amazed he fell for our bluffing.”
“It’s not my intention to upset her,” John said, and to Castiel, he seemed genuinely sad.
“Dude, since morning?” Dean frowned, like he didn’t believe Castiel. “I came here three times looking for you, man. No one answered. Were you avoiding me?”
“Are you alright?” Castiel said, his intense blue eyes looking intently at Dean’s face, looking for injuries, maybe.
Every night, Castiel would look at the list that had now seven broken Commandments. He didn’t know what to do. He didn’t believe that Dean would ever kill someone. But then again, who would have thought that he would commit theft? And yet he had, because Crowley had made him do it.
“What, Dean?”
“Where is Anael?”
“Oh, little angel, but I’m not nearly finished with you.”
“What’s wrong is that you’re alone, half-drunk and bitter, old man. Come on… come with me. You can sleep in the spare bedroom.”
“I know. But… well, Dad was looking, Cassie. You prayed to him, didn’t you? Well, He gave you a second chance.”
“And did he explain the meaning of the Christmas ghosts to you?”
“What will we do now?” Sam looks at him, and Castiel sees despair in his eyes. The same despair he’s starting to feel.
“I can’t deny this was a bad idea, son,” Bobby says, shaking his head in dismay. “You do stupid things sometimes, ya idjit. But you do a lot of good things too. For example, you raised your brother.”
Sam scowled. That was so not what he wanted to eat. “Oh, okay.”
Castiel stopped.
“Listen, asshole, no more twilight Zone talk, okay?” Dean tightened his crossed arms. “Tell me what really happened. No funny tricks this time.”
“O – Okay then, I’ll just – “
Cas smiles. “How did our dog get so big?”
And there was a freaking awesome replica of the bunker up the hill; the only home Dean ever remembers besides Baby, minus the dungeons and the endless corridors. But the important parts are there: the war room, the kitchen, bedrooms, library, garage, Dean’s cave. Sam decided to live there with him, and it’s been a week – or is it a month? Hard to keep track of things here – when Jack finally came to visit. He asked for a homemade burger, of all things,
‘Cas helped’, Bobby says. Jack made this incredible Heaven for everyone and Cas helped. Bobby arches one eyebrow when he mentions Cas, and Dean pretends he doesn’t notice. He smiles slightly, comforted by the fact that his friend is not in the Empty anymore. He hoped, no, he
“I don’t understand that reference. And defeating him was too easy.”
“You’re a great man, Sam.”
“He’s gone, the asshole,” Dean says almost to himself, shaking his head angrily. “Dammit Cas.”
fits too well. Now man up and tell me why did you practically ran away from me when we started talking about Bella.”
“Dean, no, no, please God, no…” Castiel babbled, hugging Dean fiercely.”
“So you really are a soulless bastard,” Dean snorted sadly. “How could you lie to me like that? I bet you had lots of fun, didn’t you? The whole ‘human’ experience, sex included as a bonus! You made up a story about your life, a last name and everything!”
“We’ve already done that,” Dean assured him. “They’re just worried. Mom is waiting for you. Jess is going to meet us at home. Come on.”
He gathered his belongings, not that he had too much and, since he didn’t have a suitcase, he put what he had in a duffel bag he found in the deposit. He wrote Missouri a note thanking her for welcoming him and saying that he was sorry for everything. He also asked her to not tell Dean of his departure. Actually, he
“Nah, not me. I’m more the type ‘live intensely, die young’, you know?”
“I… I was looking for you. You didn’t call…” Castiel said lamely, because he realized he didn’t know what to say.
“Shut up!” Castiel shouts.
Samuel pats him on the shoulder, and his voice is softer now than it ever was. Dean stops, but keeps his gaze firmly on the end of the corridor. He doesn’t want to look at his grandfather now and see pity in his eyes. “And what the fucking truth is there to see?”
“But I don’t love ya, ya hear me? I never loved ya, and I was just passing my time with ya, just like ya were doin’ with me. I hate ya, and I wish ya’d just disappear from my life once an’ for all!”
“He is my Father too, and I talk to Him whenever I want.” Castiel said, looking calm and resolute. “I know He can hear me, because He pays attention to all his children and I am one of them, even if I’m one that never stood before Him.”
Dean has another flash of Cas saying that to him, when he told him about Gadreel. He feels a pang remembering how Cas always tries to find an explanation to almost every stupid thing Dean does, and Dean… he rants and complains and he gets angry every time Cas does something he doesn't agree with.
“I just don’t want Cas to know we’re talking about him. And there was no staring contest, so shut the fuck up.” Dean whispered.
“It wasn’t on purpose, but it’s my fault, I – Crowley, he wants revenge because I imprisoned him and now – “
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said, serious, his face a mixture of joy, anxiety and hesitation.
John looked at Castiel as if he wanted to say something, but even though kept quiet, the angel could see what he was thinking: demon.
“I appreciate your support, Sam.  But I’m sure Dean doesn’t understand the nature of my feelings towards him. Nor does he reciprocate them. He… likes me, at best. I don’t think he understands the profound bond between us. At least on my part.”
For a few moments, they don’t say anything. Dean drinks his water slowly and Castiel tries not to look at him. It would be extremely embarrassing if he made things between them even more awkward.
“No. I… didn’t have the courage to tell him. He thinks I’m an orphan. We have built a life together; I went to college, I graduated… I can’t just tell him who I am. I… I could lose him. I love him too much to risk that.”
Castiel closed his eyes and took a deep breath, fighting another wave of nausea, even if his broken ribs protested.
Crowley looked at Castiel, narrowing his eyes as if to read what Castiel was capable of.  Then, he huffed an annoyed breath, snapped his fingers, and disappeared.
“No, it’s not!” Dean says with vehemence, and starts to cough, and it takes him a while to stop.
So, yeah. Sam and Dean are still not talking. But now Castiel and Kevin are working together on the angel tablet, and I’m helping them with the research. It’s not much, but at least, it’s something to do. Apparently there’s a section in the tablet that’s so obscure that Kevin is finding it hard to understand, and maybe Castiel can help. The guy is human now, but he still knows all the idioms that ever existed.
Only then Dean remembers that Sam dreamed about the devil. What if he came back? “Dunno. But I think we better ask Cas if it’s possible for Luci to come back after he took the fucker off your mind.”
He storms out of the kitchen, leaving Dean with his mouth hanging open.
Castiel shrugged. “I love him. I can never be happy without him.”
Dean laughs. “Bitch.”
Now his brother was dead. Probably suffering in Purgatory. Forever. And on top of everything, Jess had told him another crazy story, this time about Castiel, the grim Reaper, the Ten Commandments and Dean.
“I’m a big boy, Dad.”
Hannah’s face turns serious. “Castiel…” she starts, and he can tell she’s trying to find words to tell him what he knows is bad news.
“I’m not eavesdropping, Dean. You think too loud. If you want me to leave you alone, stop projecting your pain all over the place.”
They were quiet for a few seconds and then Missouri whispered: “He is in town.”
Dean chuckles, sarcasm evident in his face. “Yeah, because he’s never done that before.” He sighs. “Come on, I’ll make coffee and we’ll start researching. There’s gotta be a solution to your bal – I mean, problem, somewhere.“
is mortal; that one day he’ll not be around anymore. Anything I can do to prevent that from happening anytime soon… I will.”
Castiel’s heart sank. Dean refused to let him inside.
Inside, Dean’s desk was a mess of papers, beer bottles and empty packs of chips. The keys were inside one of the drawers, under a few pictures. Castiel pulled the pictures and looked at them.
“You make me happy, Dean,” Castiel declared simply.
“He is a demon, he wouldn’t give up. I am sure he is up to something as we speak. And don’t forget nor Dean neither Sam have any idea he’s around or how to fight him. Not to mention your wife.”
“I know, I know. Don’t worry… everything is going to be fine,” Dean said, while Castiel and John watched.
But finally,
“Start opening the doors,” Samuel tells him. “We don’t have all night.”
Castiel was sure that the demon was responsible for the fight between father and son. But why? Why would a demon posses Dean’s father? What would he creature gain from that?
could, because there were freaking
“I see his point,” Cas answers. “Only humans can feel real joy, but also such profound pain. This is easier.”
Dean set the counter for two and moved to open the containers.  “Would you like something to drink?”
Sam took it in stride and Dean vented to him about his own relationship with Cas.  It was one thing to kneel in front of Castiel during downtime and express his concerns while keeping composed, but having a little brother to help him sort out his shit was incredibly helpful.  It was a relief to both of them when Dean finally stopped bottling everything up.
“Who is it?”  Dean asked; he dreaded talking to customers with complaints.
“C’mon, Cassie. If you hate it, Kali’s gonna hate it. The two of you were like
Dean brought himself closer until they were touching from toes to cheeks.  His voice sounded forceful but not quite shouting, “I wanted to know if I can buy you a drink.”
At the house, Castiel let them into the second floor with a quiet pride.  Being able to help and support another person warmed him to his core.  That he could be so generous to Dean’s own family only made him happier.  But as he flipped on the light and showed them the rooms, he quickly flushed with embarrassment.
Castiel drew himself up straight, his faced steeled with a pleased expression.  “I've laid out clothes for you in the bedroom.  Put them on and meet me in the kitchen.”  He assessed Dean's compliance as the man followed through with the order without hesitation.  Good, so good.  Castiel took his time in the kitchen, sifting through the containers of leftover food.  For breakfast, he considered which flavors would combine well if re-purposed into a quiche or scramble.  After chopping up the stir fry and shrimp into a casserole, Castiel found himself becoming irritated.  He saw that fifteen minutes had past since he sent Dean to change, but he hadn't returned as instructed.
Playing the Dominant was certainly an important part of their dynamic, for Castiel.  And at times, giving Cas control came as easily as breathing.  Even on days set aside for supposedly vanilla dating, Dean deferred to Castiel.  But he wondered if he would ever be capable of the total submission Castiel expected.
Dean kept his eyes to the floor, fastened to the place where the baseboard met the hardwood.
With a delicate touch, Gabriel lifted his daughter into his arms and settled her against his bare chest. “Come here, squish face.”
Stepping out to the livingroom was supposed to give Dean time to calm down, but quite the opposite had happened.
Clearer than anything that had been spoken between them came a reminder of Castiel's promise that he would not hurt him.  Not more than he deserved, and never more than he could bear.  Dean trusted that Castiel was inherently good and fair.  Dean knew that he could easily avoid further punishment by following the rules laid out for him.  He would try harder, be better, next time.
Warnings:  D/s undertones, masturbation
Dean took Castiel’s hand and held it in his lap. “Excited?” Dean asked to break the silence and draw Cas’s attention away from what was missing.
“It wouldn't be like that with me,” Dean said quietly.  “I'd make it good for you.  You'd feel safe, wrapped in my rope.  Just tight enough to hold you right, and my voice would never leave you.”  Dean blushed as he spoke and he kissed Castiel's neck to give himself a moment to regain his composure.  “I wouldn't let it hurt.”
“I've read about that.”  Dean pushed himself away from his plate and disappeared behind the counter.  Castiel watched with a blank expression as Dean reemerged around the corner slowly, crawling on his hands and knees.  Each movement a long stretch of limbs as he made his way to Castiel's feet.   “I think I could enjoy being your pet.”
Dean didn’t really remember that part, but he did have a gap between looking for Sam and puking outside.  At least his story made sense.  Cas brushed past him, dragging his hand over Dean’s shoulder and it nearly stopped his heart.  Sam said nothing as Cas’s hand lingered behind his head, squeezing at the muscles of neck.
Castiel didn’t know what to say.  He didn’t want to go alone; neither did it feel right to beg Dean to come with him.  Dean had already given up so much of his time to the Novaks already, that a relaxing night with Sam was the least Castiel could offer.  Plus, Castiel didn’t want to miss the opportunity to get to know Dean’s brother.
Warnings: 1st half is almost entirely kitten play.  The 2nd half of this chapter is almost entirely spanking/punishment.
Sam understood Dean in ways that Cas couldn’t, not yet at least.  When something was truly bothering his brother, Sam helped him ferret out the source.  Likewise, he would bring Dean back to reality when he was overreacting.
When the food had long since gone cold and neither was sure just how much time had passed, Castiel decided he had had enough.
Castiel peeked around the door in time to see Dean rushing into the bedroom.
The look of dejection on Dean's face sparked a possessive burn in Castiel's chest.  Cas knew it was delusional to believe that Dean could never do anything to make him question his worth.  But in the moment, he only wanted to push the doubt from Dean's mind, bring him peace and security.  If this scene could help Dean see that he deserved second chances, then Castiel would happily play along.
“I'll cheer and hand you cups of water from the sidelines.  That's all the participation I can promise.”
Castiel waited in the center of the bed, Dean’s bag of toys in his lap. He perused through the assortment of rope, dildos, plugs, rings, handcuffs, a blindfold, and a ball gag.  Castiel’s mind wandered as he looked, stirring up memories of his green-eyed submissive on stage being used like he was just another prop.  Castiel had never considered that his submissive was anything less than precious, and he wondered how anyone could pack him away for later like so many toys.  It made his heart sink to remember Dean had subjected himself to that life for so long.
A static jolt hit Castiel from the side and the man flinched at the spark.  "Dean? Is that you?“
DW: doesnt mean you can't come by tho
It didn’t matter that his companion had perished decades ago.  Castiel felt as though he knew the man. And he had certainly trusted him as they shared their home for the past year.
Gabriel startled them both when he cleared his throat.  “If you guys could give us a hand with the last batches of fudge, we'll be happy to send you home with a few boxes of old cookies and chocolate.”
“Heh, I actually just ordered a pizza.” Dean paused.  After two hours of emails without response, Dean had pretty much given up hope at seeing Castiel tonight.  “Where are you?  You know Pizza Rustica on Main?”  His heart thumped against his chest as if he was back in high school asking his crush on a date.
Dean gave a little chuckle before stepping away.  “Hungry?”  Castiel hummed affirmative.  He walked to the kitchen and immediately looted the bags of food.  There were containers of vegetables, meats, noodles, rice, and sauces.  “No dumplings?”  Dean's smile looked more like a tease, “Guess that conversation will have to wait for another time.”
“Didn’t think I’d be hearing from you.” Michael really needed to learn what apologies were for.
Dean reached between them and brought Cas's hand to his lips for a soft kiss.  Meeting Castiel's eyes, Dean spoke sincerely, “You are going to be a great dad.”  With a small smile, Dean described the image from his daydream.  “I can see it already.  You, bouncing a baby on your hip with a toddler wrapped around your shin.  Mashing up bananas cause you wouldn't dream of giving our kids processed crap from the grocery.”  Dean didn't even realize that he had included himself in the fantasy, but he saw Castiel's face light up and kept going.  “You grew up with a team of brothers, so you probably want a big family of your own.  But you'd be satisfied with three kids, I think.  Oh, but here comes the kicker, they're all gonna be girls.”  Dean shook his head as if apologizing for his own prediction.  “That's a lot of pink.”
“Told you there was something special about your honey, didn’t know it was made by an-.”  Dean cut himself short and lifted his hand to Castiel’s face.  He wiped the foam from Castiel’s mouth with his thumb.  “Angel,” he finished with a smile.
Kali held out a chocolate pudding cup as Castiel joined her and Gabriel on the couch.  With a tired shake of his head, Castiel refused.  He had no appetite and no interest in the improvised comedy game on the television.  Kali tried to engage him in conversation, but Castiel sat in silence, clearly lost in his own thoughts.  Gabriel observed his brother with a slight frown and encouraged Castiel to make himself comfortable.  Despite their welcome, Castiel kept to himself and stared blankly at the screen.  Sympathetic, but without a clue how to help, Kali squeezed her husband's hand let the man be.
Off work at 7PM, Dean headed to his old stomping groups to ask for a favor.  He knew Ellen and Benny would probably just be getting in to start their night at the bar and he wanted to catch them before they were neck-deep in customers.  Tuesdays were usually pretty slow, so Dean didn't think they'd be in too much of an imposition to entertain a friend.
“How are the rings?”
Standing at the foot of the bed, Dean let the line out and the ends fell to the floor with a heavy sound.  Stretching the rope between his hands, he laid the grey point just below Castiel’s ribs.  He found the midpoint quickly as it was marked with a grey stripe.  “Keep this here.”
“Why don’t you give Kali a break for a while?  Go get your niece and I’ll show you what that wrap is for.”  Dean sent Cas inside with a peck on the lips and a pinch on his ass.
Dean answered him quietly and dropped his gaze to Castiel’s lips. He waited for Castiel to close the space between them, and when he did, Dean crushed their mouths together.
Dean's breathing came in gasps.  “I won't roll my eyes again.”
It was a nice change of pace.
“I apologize.”  Castiel wondered if Dean would want to discipline him.
Castiel took a step away and leaned back on the fridge.  Dean was hurting and Cas watched, unable to discern whether he was causing harm or healing.
a sudden surge of dread rolled over Dean,
“I need breakfast too,” Gabriel complained as he surprised Dean's work.
“What?”  Castiel's hand hovered mid-reach for a water bottle.
Dean was standing at the front window making small talk with the secretaries.  He was angled away from Castiel and so hadn’t noticed him yet.  Castiel took his time to admire his muscular frame.  Dean looked great, as usual.  He was dressed in a hunter green jacket and fitted jeans.  His cologne just barely cut through the smell of antiseptic and rubbing alcohol, but it was enough to make Cas swoon.  More than his good looks, or delicious scent, Castiel was touched that he would think to visit at the office.  That is, of course, if he was there to visit Cas in the first place.
Dean leaned into Castiel's hand and turned so that his lips were against Castiel's palm.  He didn't dare purse them into a kiss, not without permission.  But he wanted Castiel to know that was his desire.  “You’re unlike anyone I’ve ever met,” he said as he pulled back.  “Even before we-.”  Castiel's fingers carded through Dean's hair and he shivered beneath his hand.  “You have such a gentle touch sometimes.  If my ass wasn't a burning reminder of before, I’d find it hard to believe you could…”  Dean frowned remembering the reason for his punishment.  “I’m sorry, by the way.”  He clasped his hands together to prevent him from reaching out for Castiel.  “Really.  You’ve been awesome and I – I promise that won’t happen again.”
Castiel sat forward, struggling to read the lines of Dean's face in the dark.  “Do what?”
Dean really hoped he could do this right. He grabbed the lube from his bag and generously applied it to his fingers. His fingers shook a little as he lifted them to Castiel’s hole and Dean had to remind himself that there was nothing to be nervous about. This wasn’t a test he could fail.
The contract was edited and signed; the men agreed to the trial with option to renegotiate and renew after 30 days.
Doing “Dean's research” Sam came up with a long list of races, fun runs, and charity walks coming to their area.  There were maze runs through corn fields, obstacle courses with mud and ice baths and electric shocks, color runs that splattered runners with paint dust, turkey races, and crop walks.  It was enough to make Dean's head spin.
Castiel didn't second guess the invitation or even check if it was close to his break.  Placing all concerns of his work day on hold, Cas gratefully accepted and suggested they head to the cafeteria.  Meg eagerly swooped over and took the charts from him before he made it out the door.   He barely registered her interruption as she stated she would leave the papers on his desk.  Dean opened the door for them and gave Meg a small wave of thanks.
“No.”  Castiel’s response was firm, serious.  “You define uncomfortable.”
That laugh, that smile.  He was beautiful.  So much more so when casually dressed, free of the costumes and make-up he wore on stage.  Such a good boy to attend to his needs.  Castiel gathered his wits about him and held out his glass.  “Please.”  His own voice surprised him, rough and deep with latent desire.
Dean tried not to let his personal issues with Gabriel interfere with business.  For the most part, Dean enjoyed working at Ambrosia and his compensation was more than fair.  It was only recently that he and Gabriel started butting heads.
Dean had to bite his tongue before saying something he didn't mean.  He had to believe Castiel was trying his best.  It was exhausting, trying to make sure Cas was OK.  He seemed grateful one minute and bitter the next.  While their mornings seemed to give him a good start, the nights were so hard.
He had moved in anyway.  From what he could tell, the spirit meant no harm.  And the company wasn’t unwanted.  Not wanting to treat his home like another case, Castiel tried not to draw attention to the fact that he knew he was being watched.  He thought it best to pretend he didn’t feel the cold spots in the room or see the way the cushion next to him sank as he watched Dr Sexy reruns in the den.  Ignored the way large tomes would fall open to the pages he needed.
But Dorothy said adventure needs to be lived, not read about. And I agree with her. Adventure needs to be lived, but it’s not my fault if I spent all my life behind a desk with a computer in my hands and now that I needed to run, hide, shoot and everything in between…I tired easily, I stumbled, I made noise when I shouldn’t… I admit I was always a little clumsy. So, yeah, maybe it was taking a little time for me to get used to this life. Maybe I wasn’t as ready for adventure as I thought I was.
Jess had been the only one to offer him some peace about this. She’d squeezed his hand and explained that time run differently in Heaven, Purgatory, Hell, and Earth. Gabriel hadn’t answered their prayers yet, but that didn’t mean he was avoiding them. He did have work to do, after all. Or, he could still be in Heaven helping Castiel. Who knew? She’d said Dean should trust the bond him and Cas had, and not give up. “Pray,” she’d added, smiling.
“You were dead!” they say.
Dean sighed, smiling self-consciously. “Yeah, you seem to have that effect on me, Cas. Listen, I don’t want you to” –
that would take the burning sensation away. Then, out of nowhere, he saw stairs, far, far away. He ran towards them, not knowing where they led to, but at that moment, he didn’t care.
Cas seemed to hesitate a bit. "I told you, my family is very religious."
“Dean, what – “
“I can assure you that God is very real. As is the Devil.”
Dean can’t look at Bobby. He’s mortified.
Gabriel’s expression deflated. “Oh, I… I forgot to tell you.”
“Raphael almost killed me, that first day. He wanted the Apocalypse back; he wanted Paradise on Earth with the human race completely eliminated. I couldn’t let that happen.”
“I couldn’t do it, Dean,” Sam says in a hurry, earnest. “It wasn’t the same without you. There was no one else. I was alone, and I… I just couldn’t.”
Castiel looked at Dean’s eyes and found nothing but sympathy. His heart squeezed strangely in his chest. He had never had a friend before, not outside his family. It made him feel important, like he was special, and Castiel knew he wasn’t.
Dean easily cut the chain and the shackles with the angel blade, along with the ropes that tied him to the chair. Without the ropes holding him in place, Castiel fell forward, leaning against Dean, who put his arms around him, mindful of the cuts and bruises. “Oh, Cas… what have they done to you?”
Cas dies and Dean can’t get up, can’t look anywhere except at his wings, frail and broken shadows engraved on the ground. This is it. This time Cas’ death is for good. Dean isn’t ready for this, he can’t deal with this, he needs to get up and pretend he’s not there, kneeling on the ground next to his best friend’s body. His mind is empty and too full at the same time.
Dean snorts. “Easier said than done, Dad.”
“Oh, really?
So, it’s Cas this, Cas that, blah blah blah. Dean is getting annoyed.
“It’s alright, Dean,” Castiel said, hesitantly putting his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
em>Teach them well and let them lead the way,
“I don’t want to…mess things up too,” Castiel said. “But I have no experience in relationships, and I think that eventually I am going to disappoint you or make you regret being with me,” he confessed, because he was already hiding too much from Dean. At least he could be sincere about how he felt.
“Father,” Castiel whispered, closing his eyes and bowing his head in a prayer. “I am sorry for disappointing you. I am sorry for being less than what you wanted me to be, for being weak and for disobeying the Grim Reaper when it was my duty to work for him.” He opened his eyes and looked at Dean’s still face, and his lips formed a barely-there smile. “But I am not sorry for loving this man, because I know his soul is good and pure, even with all the sins that weigh on him. You created him and everything you do is perfect. Please, let him live. I may be not worthy of your love, but I hope to be worthy of your forgiveness.”
He couldn’t take the image of dream-Dean in pain from his mind. Suddenly he became very anxious to see him, to know if he was alright.
And there was the thunderous voice again.  Dean fell on the ground and started screaming in pain.
in his pocket? Sammy? That’s completely fucked up.”
Dean shrugged. “Nothing. But hey, the guy saved my life, so I guess he’s not that bad, uh?”
“Couldn’t you have stopped me from spilling it? This shit spent 8 years aging in oak barrels, and now it’s all over the floor. That’s such a waste, man. ”
The pain Castiel felt when the demons carved symbols on his chest was so great that he had the impression that he would collapse like a house of cards, leaving a pile of flesh and bones, that would turn into ashes, and the blowing wind would spread his remains everywhere, so no one would ever know that that dirt used to be an Angel of the Lord.
Dean snorts. This is bullshit. He can’t start thinking about this right now, because Sam is God knows where with an angel that definitely doesn’t like him, looking for what’s left of Cas’ Grace. Which he wants to spend in saving Dean from another one of his mistakes, something he did to himself. No one made him take the Mark of Cain.
Dean started walking away. “Let’s go, Cas,” he said. Under the streetlamp, he kicked a trashcan, spilling its content everywhere. “Leave this asshole on the ground, where he belongs.”
“Stop. I do not make doe eyes at anyone.”
Castiel put his hand on Gabriel’s arm, serious. “He doesn’t belong there. If there is a way for me to set him free, I will. But… even if there is a way… will  I be allowed to try?”
“That’s bullshit, Cas. What the fuck are you talking about? Since when I, we, didn’t want your company?”
The thing is, if you try to cure a demon, at some point the Devil’s trap will stop working. And the demon will be free, not yet completely cured.
“Hey, hey, stop it. Don’t say that. You’re awesome, you hear me?”
John huffed a sigh. “It’s just that you spend all your spare time alone in the house, Dean, and for what? You don’t even know if he will ever – “
house, you mean.” Dean looked t his father pointedly. “And yes, I’ll be just fine. Are you going to start worrying for nothing, just like Mom?”
…xxx...
“Well, thank you, but I’ve been taking care of myself since Dad left. Don’t need anyone to do it for me.”
“I wish he would let me help, if he could just understand that I…” Castiel said, mournfully. “But he refuses to talk to me. I’ve called him and he doesn’t answer. I… I miss him, and I don’t know how to fix this. I wish I could.”
“That’s great,” Jimmy says, and then he frowns a little. “Where’s Castiel?”
“Dean, please,” Cas almost begs. “We don’t have to talk about this.”
“Are you sure?”
Crowley wasn’t using John’s vessel anymore.
“Oh,” Dean laughed”, “You can say it all you want, man. It… it actually feels good to hear it.”
“Is there a new tree in the Garden?” Gabriel asked, looking over Joshua’s shoulder.
“Let Dean go, Crowley. I’m not going to say it twice,” Castiel threatened.
“Dean, I don’t think this is – “ Castiel started again, but Dean didn’t let him finish.
criminals, Cas,” Dean snapped, irritated. But seeing Castiel’s mask askew, he grimaced. “C’mere,” he said softly this time, adjusting the mask on Castiel’s face. “C’mon, Dad and Charlie will arrive any minute now.”
They keep talking softly to each other, and Dean can’t stop looking at them, amazed by the adoration he sees in his mother’s eyes and the happiness in his own. He doesn’t remember this particular moment, but he remembers that they used to have a Christmas tree and presents; Dean’s stocking was full of candies on Christmas day, and his present was always the biggest box under the tree.
“Oh. I wonder why I’ve never asked you this before.” Silence. Then, “You two seem very close.”
Dean sleeps a lot. And eats. And talks to Cas, and to Sam. Nothing else. Sam suspects it’s because he just doesn’t have the strength. Once a day, sometimes twice, he gets worse, and Cas is there, hand on Dean's forehead, curing him.
Suddenly, everything around him changed. His closed eyes and his sensitive skin felt the absence of the maddening heat, and he frowned.
going with you.”
Jack shrugs. “He always felt at least partially responsible for what happened to her. After I brought him here, they kept in touch.”
“Sure. We can start earlier than we did today, because the films are three hours each.”
“Good.”
“Listen, Castiel, Gabriel told me everything, he asked me to keep an eye on you. But today he sent me to warn you. Death knows he helped you and he can’t come here anymore, at least for some time. Death is furious, and it’s possible that now he will start twisting things a bit, bending a rule here and there, so Dean fails and breaks all the Commandments sooner.”
“That you are,” John gave a small smile “You turned out well, Sam. I’m proud, even though I had nothing to do with it.”
“I found it!” he said, triumphantly, turning to Dean.
“He can, and he will. If you thought he was angry at you before, imagine how he must be fuming now.”
Cas nodded, his eyes never leaving Dean’s. “Yes, Dean, I – “
Dean remained on his hands and knees as Castiel lathered his head and body with soap and water. The warm water ran over his skin in rivulets as Castiel's tender touch kneaded the muscles of his back.  His hands slipped across Dean's shoulders and down his arms, rinsing the shampoo and body wash toward the drain.  Dean couldn't help from leaning into Castiel, soaking the other man's clothing in the process.  But Castiel put up no form of protest.  Instead, he encouraged Dean to find support as he needed it.
Dean considered the customers Benny mentioned and kept in mind the few that didn't leave marks.  When Dean asked for their contact information, Benny pulled back.  He had every right to refuse Dean without explanation, but as a friend, Benny asked what he was planning.  Dean talked about his idea, how he thought he could make enough money to cover his bills just doing private exhibitions once or twice a week.  Thinking Dean wanted to meet these clients in the club's rooms, Benny told Dean no.  Benny had also heard that Alistair wouldn't let Dean back without going through the audition again and reminded him that he couldn't schedule Dean at the club without Alistair's approval.
He missed Cas.  And not just in the – boyfriend's bedtime routine takes too long – way.
There was a spark, a small, transient sparkle in Castiel's blue eyes as Dean's pink tongue dragged along the stoneware.  Long after Dean had lapped up the last remnants of salt and oil, he rose to his knees and sat back on his heels.  He locked his eyes to Castiel.
Dean carefully turned and stretched, noting how his ass wasn't as sensitive as he had expected.
“Not tickling you too much, am I?”  His fingers traced the sole of Castiel's foot, hesitating whenever Cas's skin jumped beneath his touch.
Dean knew it was the right thing to do, despite their recent history with Michael. Castiel contacted Rafael and Dean excused himself to the ‘bathroom’. Behind closed doors, Dean dialed Michael’s number.
Dean broke their kiss to catch his breath.  His eyes were still closed, face hovering close to Castiel, “Are you gonna stay the night?”
“Sorry, I know.  Look.”  Gabriel pursed his lips, considering how to approach the subject.  “It may not seem like it, but that little ball of awkward is my favorite person on the planet.  I wouldn't let anything happen to him that I could avoid.  And if that means entering awkward conversations with his boyfriend, I'll go there.”
He looked up at Castiel, “That kiss at your door.  I was hoping that would carry over into the weekend.”
“You have?”  Castiel offered Dean a helping of chicken and vegetables.
He didn’t expect a response, not really.  The man who believed he had given his life for the security and salvation of the world, probably wouldn’t care for Castiel’s tears.
It was only a few meters to the bar, but it seemed too far to reach.  The island promised a cool drink and a stool for better vantage point.  He risked another glance around the dance floor, but it gave him no new information about Sam’s whereabouts.  That goofball better not have ducked off to bone some librarian looking undergrad with pink cat-eye glasses.  Again.
Author's Note:  The first half of this chapter is pretty rough, but the boys have got fluff and smut on the horizon.
“Sure.”
“What?”  There's a loud ruckus and some shouting before the line went silent.
Dean blinked, startled by Castiel's question.  He hadn't realized he was speaking out loud and had no idea how much he had revealed.  “Don't really have a profession anymore.  Just a part-time mechanic now.”  Dean dragged his hand over his face with an exasperated groan.  “I am so screwed, dude.”
Castiel took a deep breath and pulled on the fabric at his shoulder.  The wrap hugged him tighter and he let out a small huff of amusement.  He twisted the supple cloth between his fingers in awe of such a perfect gift.  Of course Dean was it for him.  He was the only one who really ‘got’ him.  And in such a short time, too.
“What?”  Dean's mouth quirked up in a half-smile.  “No, not you.”  He sighed, “I quit my job tonight.”
Dean shared candidly, not meeting Cas's eyes.  He played with the buttons of his night shirt while he spoke; his head tucked into the crook of Castiel's neck.
“Yes.”  Castiel gathered the bottle of lotion from the floor and stood up from the couch.
Dean admired the way Castiel spoke so honestly with him.  He didn't seem embarrassed by his fears like Dean so often was.
Castiel trailed tiny kisses along Dean's jaw before sucking his earlobe into his mouth.  His teeth grazed the soft flesh and Dean's head fell back against the door.  Dean turned away, exposing the sensitive skin of his neck.  Nuzzling into him, Castiel exhaled hot and heavy.  It took more than a few minutes to regain his composure, but neither was in a rush to move.
Dean would return on a breeze that sounded much like a sigh.  He would brush his presence against Castiel’s arm or side, letting the man know that he was there as if in apology.
“I, uh, didn’t get a change to eat.  Thought we could grab a bite first.”  Dean pulled down the street and headed toward a well-known fast-food place.  “You eat burgers?”
Dinner was slow going but there's a steady rhythm to it.  Dean was vaguely aware the Castiel's attentions were completely on him; he hadn't eaten the meal at all.  He couldn't think what could be so fascinating about the scene.
me.”  Dean scratched his arm distractedly.  “I know you don't mean anything by it, but-”
With a roll of his eyes, Gabriel agreed.  “He does.”
Dean asked about upcoming races, but Cas hadn't even checked.  He knew there would be more than a few “fun runs” in the Fall, but he wasn't sure of the dates and registration.  Dean can't imagine what sadistic dick would coin the phrase “fun run” and mean it.
Dean let out a sigh of relief as he adjusted his position.  Castiel guided him to lie with his head in his lap and placed the wet towel on the end table beside him.  “Kitty finally gets his cuddles,” he half-joked.
Castiel buried himself in his paperwork to pass the time, his ears on high alert for the ding of an incoming message.  He managed to finish the week's payroll before he received a response.  But it was not an email alert that broke his fragile concentration; it was his phone.
The drive to the park was about an hour, so Dean prepped Cas as much as he could without giving away the surprise. “So, this isn’t your average 5K.”
“Where have you been?  You're not answering your phone now?”  Sam sounded like he was pacing and on the verge of hyperventilating.  All the good the music had done for Dean's mood vanished in that instant.
A low, raspy groan startled them from behind.
Castiel nipped at Dean's swollen lips, panting between them.
Castiel was still dressed in last night's clothes, which Dean sort of felt guilty about.  In his drawers he sought out a pair of jeans and a shirt to offer Castiel.  He figured they were about the same size.  Returning to the bathroom, he could hear the shower running.  Respecting his guest's privacy, he knocked a few times and left the clothes on the floor.
“Mmm.  Not tonight.”  Castiel’s nose nuzzled into the sensitive skin at the junction of Dean’s neck and shoulder.  The heady scent of Dean's sweat and cologne was intoxicating.  He thought about sucking a trail of bruises over the area but restrained himself.  “You read about aftercare,” he said, as if that was all the explanation needed.
Dean watched as Castiel broke another candy in half, smelled it, and returned it.  “What are you doing?”  He hoped the question didn't sound too accusatory.
A sweet sting of palm to flesh drew a sigh of relief past Dean's lips.  His eyes sank heavy and he breathed his request again, “please.”
Castiel dragged his thumb over the baby’s pudgy arm and marveled at the softness of her skin. “How are you feeling?”
Castiel gave a nod, but continued to study Dean's face.  Some emotion flickered behind his features, but Castiel couldn't catch it.  “Anything else?”
Dean wanted Castiel to direct him, every movement, every breath.  Whatever he asked for, Dean would do it for him.  But Castiel was silent and calm; patient as always.
Dean tries to take care of Castiel at home.
Dean continued to shock like static, but Castiel assured him that he’d rather feel the crackling of his presence than nothing at all.  Dean rarely listened to Castiel’s requests and even as they became pleas, he often shied away.
“Yeah, it's a thing I put together on the side since Bobby couldn't get me enough hours this week.  But not to worry, this job is going to make me more than enough to wait for work to pick back up at the garage.  This guy doesn't seem to know his ass from his elbow, so I'm sure I'll be set for a month or two, at least.”  Dean wondered if there was much demand for the kind of work he described.  It certainly wouldn't pay as well as Zachariah or the club, but it could be an option.
“Really?”  Castiel held the phone away from his face as he sniffed.  “What about?”  Michael and Castiel checked in with each other regularly throughout the week, but usually through texts.  While a telephone call from Michael wasn't unheard of, Castiel hadn't been expecting one until his birthday.
“Yeah.”  A short but important list of grievances and critiques flashed behind his eyes.  “Yes, Sir.  Um, can I start?”
Sitting across from Castiel suddenly felt foreign.  He hadn't realized that he would miss kneeling at his feet and eating from his hand.  Not that he was interested in crawling along the cafeteria floor, but sharing a meal had surely lost a great deal of it's intimacy.  “Missed this,”  Dean admitted a half-truth, “Having regular conversations; sitting on furniture.”  Dean could have, should have, told Castiel the truth.
“Damn! You're bossy.” Gabriel said like he was impressed.  “You and Cassie must be at each other's throats.”
Their uncle’s hangover cure was a pasty, brown sludge that looked like it came out of an old engine and the man poured a generous amount into three glasses laid out in front of the boys.  Castiel had half a mind to refuse on principle.  He felt fine and certainly didn’t need help with a hangover, but with a nudge from Sam he thanked Bobby and brought the drink to his lips.  After a few big gulps, Sam’s glass was empty.  Cas found that if he held his nose the concoction went down easier.  Worry nagged at his stomach, however, when he saw that Dean was still slumped in the chair, his head resting in his arms.
A/N:  I want to apologize for not keeping up with my plan to update Monday. Only one chapter this week.  Going forward I will be updating Fridays.
“So, Dean, now that you’re feeling better, maybe you guys can take that trip to get Cas’s car?”  Sam smiled knowingly, blatantly staring at their hand-holding.  “But, you know, keep both hands on the wheel.  Ten and two,” he snarked as he mimed the action.
“Don't
Castiel’s expression turned hard.  There was a hint of – not anger – sadness, maybe.  Gabriel had seen that look from Cassie when he was about to break bad news to someone.
Dean wraps Castiel something special.  Cas's birthday.
Castiel squared off his shoulders in a defensive posture, a dare-you-to-do-something scowl already in place.  It didn’t matter that the man before him was some over-grown genetic experiment.  With his baby-face and glassy eyes, he couldn’t intimidate Castiel if he tried.  But it didn’t really look like that was what he was trying to do.
“I’m right here.”  Dean held Cas with one hand while the other pulled the prepared braid closer.
“Just don't
Watching Castiel walk away, his heart seized in his chest.  Dean closed up the apartment and pressed his forehead against the door in exasperation.  But the door did nothing to block the wave of confusion and frustration Castiel left in his wake.  Dean ached with the desire to pull Castiel into a kiss, but knew intuitively that the action would receive a  negative response.  More than anything, Dean wanted to be considered worthy by Castiel.  He recalled the look of approval in Castiel’s eyes when Dean followed even the simplest instruction.  Dean didn’t realize that such a small look could make him feel so special.  Even the memory filled Dean with a warmth that pooled in his stomach and left his pants too tight.
Subject: (No Subject)
Kneeling at his feet, Dean blinked up at him and licked his lips.  He wasn't feeling particularly hungry, but neither of them had eaten since breakfast.  Perhaps if he allowed Castiel to feed him, his friend would think to put some food in his stomach as well.  He rolled his shoulders and adjusted his posture in the way Castiel preferred during their hand-feedings.
“Am I the trainer, Dean?”
Dean licked and sucked until there was no more to clean.  Then, he rested his head on Castiel's chest, utterly spent.  Without the distraction of his arousal, Dean was suddenly aware of the aching of his limbs and the tenderness of his rump.  He let out a huff of discomfort.
“A great big bag of dicks,”  Dean amended.
That night, Dean invited Castiel to his apartment immediately after work.  He couldn't wait to escape the turmoil of the day with Castiel's company.  He shouldn't have been so short with Sam, but it had become a pattern between them over the past year.  Since Sam moved to California and Dean walked onto Alistair's stage, things hadn't been the same.  Sam was moving on with his life, his career.  It was finally Dean's turn to put himself first and Castiel made it clear that he wasn't doing a very good job of it.  Sure he kept a clean home and stayed in good physical shape, but emotionally Dean was a mess.  He hadn't opened up and given himself to another person since he dropped out of high school.  When the mood struck and Dean found himself craving the company of a warm body, he preferred the superficiality of going home with a stranger.  No expectations, no heartache.  Afraid of being let down, Dean had ignored his desire to find someone he could depend on.
Got caught up watching Defiance.  Thought you might've answered.
“Lay back. Breathe.” Dean kissed Castiel beside each of the knots he had tied, slowly making his way to Castiel’s lips. “Are you OK?”
Castiel noticed that he had made Dean upset and called him over.  “Here, Dean.”  Castiel pointed to the cushion at his feet.
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets and leaned against the lamp post.  He doesn't lift his eyes from the pavement, “Well, maybe I did something that was really bad. Like, destroyed something of yours.  And you think I'm not worth it...  But you change your mind.”
Castiel explained to Sam what he had seen in the dance hall, how Dean became disoriented and fainted.  He skipped over the cuddly bits on the booth and described Dean’s vomit in gross detail.
“Yes, sir,” came Dean's breathless response.
Living through the first leg of the race seemed simple enough and they cut across the parking lot with ease.  It was the wooded areas that tripped Dean up.  He wasn’t used to looking for or jumping over fallen branches and his sneakers slipped on the leaves.  Castiel stayed with him, but Dean didn’t like to hold him back.
In an effort to demonstrate to Castiel that it was safe for him to open up, there there was nothing off limits between them, Dean shared opening and honestly about his experience since Thursday.
Dean shrugged, but he remembered.  He didn't want to talk about it.  He wasn't sure what those words meant in the light of day, beyond the haze of orgasm and arousal.  More so, he needed time to forget the lie that brought on the darkness.
Dean saw that Castiel was holding out a forkful of eggplant just a few inches from his lips.  He bowed his head bashfully and opened his mouth to accommodate the bite.  Castiel placed two fingers under Dean's chin as he chewed, a firm reminder to keep his mouth closed until he had swallowed.
A pair of girls chattered excitedly when they found his table, eager to try the blueberry jam and lavender honey.  Castiel guessed that maybe Dean had told them to seek him out, but thy never mentioned the boy or the newsletter.  He sold almost a full case of honey that morning and about a dozen jars of jam.  By the time the lunch rush got started, Castiel was feeling optimistic and confident.  He always found happiness in his hobby, but to see others enjoying the fruits of his labor was fulfilling in a lovely way.
Castiel sat, weathering the storm in quiet reflection.  The rain fell to the ground in sheets, saturated the yard and his clothing.
Another wave of runners passed them as their zombie greedily collected flags from his seated position.  “Sounded like too much fun to miss,” the prosthetics limited his expression, but Dean could tell he was trying to smile.  He stuffed the flags into his pocket as Dean punched him again.
With a small cough to cover his hesitation, Dean stopped beneath the soft glow of the street light.  “I'd like for you to decide to keep me, him, the cub.”  Dean felt as if he had been cast aside so many times that he should be numb to it.  Unfortunately, each person that turned their back on Dean cut him deeper than the one before.  He thought about how attached he had become to Cas over the last few weeks.  It scared him to consider Castiel may, one day, decide he made a mistake by being with him.
Submitting to Castiel was nothing like being on stage and the raw vulnerability of it struck Dean harder than any slap of a hand.  He wasn't getting paid for this.  He made this choice to kneel because he wanted it.  Every moment he willingly subjected himself to this confirmed his sick need to be controlled.  Dean knew of only one word for that.
Dean wanted to laugh, but didn’t have the energy for it.  He could almost hear the confused frown on Cas’s face through his question.  And that’s strange, isn’t it?  Dean can’t even bring to mind a clear picture of the guy, but he knows the sound of his frown.  That can’t be right.
“Your brother seems like pleasant company,” Castiel stated because he didn’t know how else to break the silence.
Dean saw that Castiel was confused and worried that he might have been hurt when he cut the scene short.  The thought immediately brought Dean's frustration to a head.  He had every right to stop Cas from chastising him and treating him like a kid.  Dean's jaw tensed as he ground his teeth together.
Castiel balled his hand into a fist, trying to help the blood move freely.  “I liked what you did.”
Dean and Castiel jogged each morning; the fresh air and physical activity did them both a world of good.  It wasn't always easy to get Cas out the door, but once they were underway, his scowl loosened up and he began to hold himself straighter, walk lighter.
Cas yanked at Dean’s arm until they were back on the trail.  Dean couldn’t keep himself from looking over his shoulder and was genuinely alarmed to see the zombie was gaining speed.
With a tender hand, Castiel passed his fingers down Dean's neck and over his spine.  A trail of goosebumps raised over Dean's exposed skin as Castiel continued his caresses.
Castiel woke to an aching head, a sore back, and a folded note tucked into his pocket.
Cas opined that he did not think that things ever went back.  He shared his understanding of life and time like a moving stream.  “You cannot touch the same water twice because the flow that has passed will never pass again.  I believe relationships are the same way.  For instance, we will share many meals and conversations, but we will never have this moment again.  Even if all else is played the same.”
Dean leaned heavily on his forward knee as he drew himself up from a dip.  “You're not lyin',” he agreed, ignoring the irritation in Castiel's voice.  He swung his arms at his sides in wide circles.  “Barely warmed up and I'm already winded.”
It took an agonizingly long time before Cas has fed Dean enough that his stomach is actually starting to feel full.  And when Castiel lifted the next fork to Dean's mouth he refused, pressing his lips together.  Tomato sauce smeared along the line of Dean's lips as the fork of eggplant came forward.  Castiel could take the hint and knew Dean had had enough.  He dragged his thumb over Dean's mouth, wiping it clean.
“Sure, bud, whatever.”  The patron scanned over the jars and squinted at the wooden signs.  “I’ll take, like, a case of whatever you’ve got available.”  His fingers moved over the jars, tapping their lids as he appeared to be seeking out his favorites.  “The hell, you don’t have any of the… Yes!  This one… and this.  I’ll take a case of each.”  His shoulders did a shimmy-shake, excited at the prospect of finally acquiring his treasure, after what sounded like it had been quite the hunt.  “How much is it?”  He looked up, his smile impossibly wider than before.  But as their eyes met for the second time, the guy’s smile faltered.
Kali let out a sigh that sounded like she had been holding for ages. “Well, have you asked him yet?”
Castiel paid at the counter and returned, his head tilted in confusion.  “Are we taking this to-go?”
They continued their stand-off for a long time before Castiel looked at the clock.  He reminded himself that he had to keep a close eye on the time to stay within the one-hour limit.  Castiel pulled his coat off, becoming over-heated under the layers.  He folded the jacket and placed it near his legs.  Dean drew nearer, stretching his neck and scenting the air.  Castiel recognized Dean's interest of the clothing and held it out to him.  Dean shrunk back, but only for a moment.
“Oh my God, Kali.  Stop.”  Gabriel said with dramatic flare.  “I rubbed your feet for three straight hours today.  All he did was hand you tissues so you would stop snotting up the couch.”
Taking Dean's arm in hand, Castiel helped him across the street to the white house.  He unlocked the door and welcomed Dean into his home.
“Gabriel said he has been having a hard time,” Michael fished for more information and Dean felt selfish for not contacting the man sooner.
