“I suspect that I will find a history of Hunters in his family,” his sibling stated matter of factly. “If he takes another Wolf out, it’s murder. He, or anyone else that kills you, will go to jail for a very long time. With Sherrinford’s secret out, you have an ambassador-”
The thought sent a shudder through her. She had known that what her family did was wrong so for long now that taking a stand against them was not a new thought. It was the actual planning and the realization that she was turning against everyone that she had ever loved in her childhood that made blips of regret flare in her mind.
) found a place in the world with people who loved him, and those like him, and accepted him regardless of his oddities.
The little girl’s smile broadened. “Will he be staying?”
He gestured, as best he was able, with his head, asking his sister-in-law to place the babe at his side. His scent, mingled with Sherlock’s, and their closeness should push him into his other form.
He shook his head, rubbing the protruding foot beneath his hand tenderly. “He should be born human,” he mused, smiling softly. “After that, he will be safe to handle for the first few months of his life. Once his milk teeth fall out, the toxin will begin to be produced.”
A new image flashed before his eyes.
“Good!” the mortuary stated, beaming at her husband as he helped her exit the passenger seat, greeting him with a kiss. “Thank you, Myc.”
“I believe that having me there, as Government liaison, would be prudent,” the man stated, reaching down to nudge his son away from the playpen wall, rubbing small circles between his shoulder blades with a finger. “Unless you feel like my presence will lead to further issues…?”
Turning from the door, he left it ajar and moved through his flat to his bedroom. He hadn’t bothered to dress today, and, honestly, he didn’t see the point of dressing for his trip to his eldest sibling’s home, considering the fact that he would simply shift there. However, he knew that John would be disappointed if he wandered out of the flat in his dressing gown. He pulled on a pair of slacks and a button-up, calling it a day.
“How old will that be?” Evelyn asked, her eyes wide but focused on her cousin who had Shifted again, curling into a ball and drifting back to sleep.
The case was...well...it was. The one lead that they had had come back as untraceable: the cigarette smoker wasn’t in the criminal database at the Yard. The other information from Sherrinford only did so much, no matter what he wanted to let slip to Lestrade. He was Sherlock Holmes, after all. He didn’t have any unsolved cases - he just didn’t. Besides, this case had the widest range of effect since Moriarty.
Next, he checked every occupied cell. Many had pictures tape to the outside walls while others were playing sounds of music and the telly over their intercom systems. Clothing was left inside the cells, filling them with the scents of home, family, human food, anything that they had come into contact with over the last day or so. Everything was arranged as usual, families and friends in place and comfortable for their long night. Pack enclosures were opened and Pack members greeting one another after a month-long separation.
Another pile of raw meat sat in the corner among smashed crockery (Though how the man was given something that breakable, he had no idea), the second, almost more terrifying note lying among them. The pair of Wolves spotted it, eyes narrowing as they read the deception.
He stopped in the doorway of the study, cocking his head dangerously. “You think we should let it pass.”
His last patient was the most difficult by a landslide. Bracing himself, he opened the door.
Her face screwed up in concentration before she answered, “You can’t. There is no detectable difference if you were to pass one on the street. However, in my class, we discovered that there are some physical attributes that the human and wolf forms share.”
He glanced up at Mycroft who shook his head, mouthing ‘no.’ He didn’t listen. Click.
The hand on his arm tightened. “Sherlock,” John murmured, “What are you thinking?”
) filled the tunnel. Two large, squalid bodies went barreling past him and into the tunnel that John had claimed. A gunshot, echoing about the pipes, reached his ears and he was running, sprinting through the slop to get to the doctor and what he now guessed to be three massive werewolves. Howls rent the air, punctuated by snapping jaws and menacing growls. Human shouts and screams made him run faster, tripping and falling through the muck until his torch lit the scene.
John reclined, propped against Sherlock’s furry side, a hand playing through the light curl of his underbelly. Evelyn had warmed up to him (
He continued to smile as he witnessed the woman’s mind piecing all the times she had seen them as Wolves. “We are the same. I am still very much Sherlock Holmes, or Willie, no matter the form. The same, if not more so, for Sherrinford, seeing as he’s been at this longer than myself.”
The door slowly opened behind them with a creak. The white head of his father appeared, a sheepish grin on his face. “Oh, I’m sorry boys,” he said, “But I thought you might like breakfast.”
But then he’d have missed out on so much. His werewolf integration program had gone really well. Every unit had at least one K13 as they were called (Thirteen for the thirteen Full Moons in a year. K for canine, a play off of the original K9 units). None of them were as astute as Sherlock but they were effective at following suspects and eliminating dead-end leads, particularly around this time of the month. Many had formed up their own little Pack units within precincts, spending their Moons together at one of the facilities. Sherlock was the only active member on Moon nights (His status was still miraculously under wraps), though, sometimes, like tonight, he ventured to Baskerville, leaving him to patrol without having a Wolf nearby.
Her classmates murmured their consent or nodded. A few rolled their eyes, obviously not thrilled with the topic. Her professor took their responses as a show of understanding and continued. “Before we begin to examine the law itself, we need to look at the werewolves themselves. Their scientific classification is
“Sir,” the young officer said evenly, “I am already viewed by many members of our team as less than human. You heard Morris today: I’m one of
“You think a
The older man chuckled deep in his chest, snuggling up to him and wrapping his arms about his neck. “Thanks for doing this, Sherlock. It’s really nice to forget about everything for a while.”
“I know,” the other man said, leaning comfortingly against his side. “We both are.”
Bounding down the hallway, tail wagging and tongue lolling cheerfully, was Sherrinford Holmes. “Hello Handsome,” she murmured, kneeling in her doorway, opening her arms. “It’s nice to finally meet you.”
“Sherrinford?” she called softly, taking a couple of steps into her part of the room, worry setting in.
After his slow, steady breathing and pulse lulled both newborns back to sleep, he whined, needing to get out of the bedroom to begin his own day. Molly had long since fallen asleep, as had Mycroft. They had had a long night, after all, so he couldn’t grudge them for it. However, they still had another pair of twins downstairs, a couple of eight year olds that would be waking any minute now, and no adult in their general vicinity.
“And what if I did?” he shot back, processing her surprise and slight embarrassment that carried through her voice and her thrumming veins.
“You don’t need to tell me,” he groaned, already feeling the stress creeping into his shoulders which threatened to rise to his ears.
“There is something that you’re going to want to hear,” the Wolf stated, the sound of his chair scraping closer to the phone coming across the line. “The murders are definitely being carried out by Hunters and I am the next target.”
“That is the truth,” Molly groaned, rolling herself and her precious cargo from the bench with the help of her attentive husband. Mycroft remained silent on the matter, simply wrapping an arm around the woman’s waist and beginning their slow progress back to the flat.
He smiled, knowing exactly why the teacher didn’t mind that he was what he was and why she’d want to know more. He also knew that he was lucky that she wasn’t planning on actually taking him out. She was his Mate, he could feel it in his bones. “I’m a very lucky man,” he murmured, “To have such a wonderful niece.”
He woke when the sun hit him, stretching in through the window and across the navy sheets. He stretched again, enjoying the slide of the cotton against his skin before he rolled from the bed. His nephew’s alarm clock told him that it was midmorning. Only 10:38.
“Dear Lord,” the doctor muttered good-naturedly, “We are never doing this again. One was enough! I can’t deal with
“It was a pleasure to meet you, Imogen,” Mycroft said, still looking the couple up and down apprehensively. That woman, with her family history and her ties to Kensington, could be the end of everything that he had worked for - that his brothers had worked for.
She waited for a reply, her own thoughts becoming difficult to track. She pressed a hand to the glass, smudging it but needing it’s support.
After the lab tour, the sun had set and stars were appearing through the thick-paned windows and the crowd turned towards the apartments. He could feel the Moon rising towards the horizon and he allowed himself a rather wistful glance out the window. The night of the Moon was usually when he was free to be himself, but he was going to miss his freedom tonight. He had missed it when he had been boarded, the headmaster locking him into a closet or the spare gymnasium, and a few times when he had been hiding at university. Since his final graduation, he had had every opportunity to take a train to the country and run. Tonight, he was going to be on a tight leash, even if it wasn’t literally.
. If he had had lips, he would have smiled. It was a proud moment, a true welcome into the Pack, and he was the only one that realized it.
. His stomach sank. His newborns, one human, the other a natural born Wolf, terrified him. He loved them both, but Thomas...well, he was not at all prepared to raised a Lupus sapiens. He could understand his parents’ willingness to relinquish guardianship of Sherrinford to their great-uncle twice removed, especially when he saw how his son reacted to his brothers. It was as if he were
“But, Uncle Sherlock,” Evelyn said, putting her plate and bowl on the counter before sitting down again, “You’re the one who’s always telling me to keep exploring new things. How is this any different? And doesn’t Uncle Ford research werewolves? Surely he’s met a few.”
Sherrinford the wolf had stopped about twenty feet down the sidewalk where he paced back and forth along the curb for a few moments before trotting back to the van and barking sharply. Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Let him in.”
Their steps moved through the halls noisily, heels clacking and clicking on the linoleum echoing against the walls. A brief time was spent in the labs, discussing the research that they were conducting to create medications and suppressants, even one potential anti-venom that could be used when one was first Bitten to prevent Turning. None were ready to test on the men that had signed up as glorified lab rats, but the fact that there were advances being made impressed the assembled government officials. They asked several questions about the process and the ingredients used along with a few not-so subtle hints about speeding the process along.
at school now?”
How heavenly a combination that was. And how completely distracting. He was drawn to the woman - Imogen Crowley. A beautiful name for a stunning woman. She was intelligent and she seemed to support the Lupus sapiens. She seemed like she was interested in him, at least physically. He could feel his instincts rising as the class wore on.
Closing the door to her flat behind her, Imogen swept back into the kitchen to grab her hastily prepared meal and brought it to the table. Scrambling a bit, she tried to make it look presentable only to have a pair of strong arms wrap around her waist from behind. “You don’t have to do that,” a husky baritone whispered in her ear, “You cooked for me - after everything that’s happened. I’m already impressed.”
Thinking back, he realized that it was true. He had rarely seen Sherrinford the man.
“Anything for family,” the older man replied over his shoulder as he headed for the front stairs, “We’ve put you boys in Sherlock’s room , if that’s alright?”
He could hear the sigh from his perch in his chair. The other man abandoned his stirring, clinking the wooden spoon against the skillet were he was frying - potatoes, his nose told him - and stalked over to the doorway. “What?” the doctor yelled back down the stairs.
“Come on, John. Admit it - you like me.” Sherrinford did not hide his broad smile, his teeth slipping out momentarily as he chuckled.
He knew that Sherlock was worried by his odd behavior over the past few weeks. He’d be lying if he said that he, himself, wasn’t terrified. He most certainly was. He had never felt this way before and his mind and heart continued to chase circles around each other, each one lacking the courage to finally put an end to this Purgatory.
She laughed, giving him a gentle kiss on the cheek. “I know. I’m not worried.”
Her uncle, admittedly her favorite great-uncle while she was growing up, simply looked at the hand, his own appendages wrapped tightly around his cane. Due to his rather obese figure, he looked like a smug toad, eyeing a fly that landed just a bit too close. “Ah, yes. The Wolf.”
“Tom!” her favorite uncle shouted after a too-close-for-comfort miss, waving the natural born Pup back towards the grown-ups. The brown and black pointed ears and tail drooped, not pleased with being reprimanded. Sherrinford, for the time being, was more his parent than his biological set, teaching him how to survive in this new society that her family had created. The world of the Man and the Wolf.
Molly gave her daughter a tight smile, obviously in pain.
He smiled, his story continuing to fall from his fingers, telling the way of the Wolves for those that would never experience it.
The wooden floor was cool beneath his body, but it was the best he could do for the moment. His instincts were roaring through him, knowing that the pups were so close, and he felt the need to protect the den. His humanity lurked about the edges, but, as he listened to the slop of water and the soft hisses that issued from the bedroom, he growled at himself, reminding the humans that he could not let anyone near his Pack.
“Already out the door,” she gritted, bending over as another spasm rocked her body, making her lean against the door frame. “You could get the tub ready. I’d love you forever.”
, he gulped, thinking about the Lupus sapiens murders.
five people!”
“I have a feeling that I won’t be telling her. At least, not yet. I have to discuss it with your Uncle Sherlock first.”
Email sent, he next sent a text to Lestrade.
“Well,” he handed the other man the hungry Pup, “You won’t be bored for long. He’s antsy and quiet hungry. Have fun!”
Something stung him in the left flank making him yelp and spin. The tranquilizer dart was potent, working quickly, turning his limbs to lead. The crowd around him was in an uproar but seemed to grow quieter as darkness glazed over his eyes.
, the DI reasoned, and replied with a single nod. John likewise picked a tunnel and plunged in, leaving him standing alone in the suddenly dim and silent sewer wondering if splitting up was such a great idea.
He stopped outside his door, his hand on the knob. “The Moon will be rising in about an hour. I tend to Shift before then. If you wish to observe, you may. I only ask that you remain well back. Even I can become discombobulated on occasion.”
“See how long you can postpone - I need to be at Baskerville for the Moon and for my new patient. You will then capture me after and bring me to your leader.” The werewolf on the other side of the barrier chuckled. “I’ve always wanted to say that: ‘Take me to your leader.’ Ehehehe.”
Tossing his mobile aside to land on his bed, he pulled his laptop towards him and began to type. There was so much from his youth that he had never recorded but had always remembered. His adopted father was far from perfect - the man was very flawed - but he had raised him in the ways of the Wolf. And he was Alpha. Strong and protective, a leader among his kind, and the highest in England. Undoubtedly.
The dark brown Wolf was off like a shot, joined by his nephew in their chase across the moor and out of the facility. Her soon-to-be aunt took a few awkward running steps before thinking better of it and looping back to walk with the mere mortals and the Alpha of Baskerville.
One by one, the Wolves stood and pulled their tags from beneath their shirts, their loved ones standing beside them, hands in hands and around shoulders and waists. He smiled, keeping his teeth as hidden as he could as his pride rushed through him. He gave them a single nod and exited the courtyard. His patients knew what to do and they accepted him in their own way, feeling of understanding warming the air as they broke apart, heading for their own destinations.
The conversation had made her feel dirty, like a truly horrible person. It made her heart ache and her stomach nauseous. She had gone into the relationship with an open mind, with an open heart, and the Wolf had moved right in. She had been on the outs with her family for a while, practically disowned since she’d refused to go on her coming-of-age Hunt at 21. She had been raised to see the Lupus sapiens as animals in men’s clothing and, for the most part, she could see that side of the argument: St. Pierre had been a monster. But then she’d done her own research in college, finding Sherrinford’s publications primarily, and had found her own way and her own conclusions and opinions. It was life-changing, something that was further cemented when she had met Sherrinford in person and he had shown her a very different picture. He hadn’t even been Bitten, a man contracting a disease! No, he had been born with it, he had been raised with it, and he was the best man that she knew: funny, intelligent, kindhearted, and so very giving. And now, because she had told her brother, the one seemingly rational person in her immediate family, about her relationship, her mother commanded her to kill the man that she loved. All because he was a man that lived in a Wolf’s pelt.
“Please man,” the voice through the door begged, “Don’t Turn me.”
The other man gave him a squeeze, causing him to release a teasing growl. “You know what I mean, Sherlock. I can’t believe that we took the next step in our relationship. We’re officially Mates now, right? At least that’s what your brother will say.”
Standing on his own two legs, a bit shakily from hunger, he found his pajamas and robe on top of the bureau.
“This is not making sense!” he growled, his instincts rising within him.
He stretched, his back popping as he rolled from his side to his stomach. Resting on his elbows, he smiled at the woman beside him and brushed some of her hair from her cool brow. “He’s my nephew. And he’s like me.”
His eyes widened and he turned around slowly. His arms flexed, holding himself together. He bit his lips, flaring his nostrils to keep the unbidden tears from falling, his head bowed. The woman looked at him tenderly but sadly, her smile not meeting her eyes. “We’re not your parents,” she reiterated, raising a hand to him. “We love you. And Sherlock. And this baby - no matter what.” She shook her head. “I don’t know what to do with a Pup but I do know about children. And I do know that I love both of these little guys and they’re not even outside of me yet!” She rubbed her stomach, smiling at it. “I couldn’t give him up. I’d never want to.”
“Good Morning, Imogen,” he replied, pushing the button to speak to her, “It’s Sherrinford - Sherrinford Holmes.”
Thomas continued to quiver, his hand thwacking into his abdomen. Slowly, the boy’s fists and curled toes began to change, pinky toes and thumbs retreating. Pads, soft and pink, erupted as the rest of his bones in his arms and legs broke and remade themselves. The rest of the Shift went quickly, the boy’s quivering turning into an all-out shake, twisting his chest and spine into a lupine shape. His face reconstructed and his tail unfurled, as his body’s velvety puppy fur grew, a well-shaded brown with a hint of ginger smatterings through it.
Click.
, he noted, eyebrow cocking. Sherrinford’s upper lip peeled back into a silent sneer.
Turning, ears pricked at the soft whispers in the sitting room, the pair of Wolves stalked down the hallway to greet their Pack properly.
Yanking his tie off and pulling his suit coat from about his broad shoulders, he knew that he was lying to himself and that it wasn’t quite working.
“He’s practicing, has been most of the week,” he murmured. “It’s strange to go from being unable to move about on one’s own to having legs to waddle around on. Of course, the eyesight of a newborn human is not particularly good but the loss of it is disorienting, nonetheless. Thomas is learning how to rely on his senses of touch and smell to propel him around.”
“I learned from the best,” his daughter replied, beaming up at the taller man.
“Hello Imogen. It’s Sherrinford,” the rich baritone stated across the open line. She could hear the smile in the sound, making her smile in return, her doubt vanishing instantly.
“Sure. I’ll give them a call. Would you like your usual?”
“It won't always be like this.”
After a very tense minute, Sherlock waved for John to follow him out of the room.
He couldn't decide if he should risk using the gun today. It was the morning of the Reaping, and his hand was a little shaky. There would be more people coming in and out of the District, a greater chance of the gunfire being heard, and a greater chance of being seen with whatever he killed.
"It is!" I now heard the anger in his voice as I watched his face contort. "What would Mother say?"
“Being paraded, that is a fact of life. You are not here to tell me what I already know.”
He winced. So many dead, and so few left.
“And just how do you expect me to come off as a human?”
He tucked the book back in his pocket as he slammed the door of the cab shut and walked to the door, which, blessedly, was unlocked. It had been years since he'd had any idea where his key was.
"Please." John didn't even try to conceal the break in his voice.
“This is a turn-up, isn't it, Sherlock?”
“Yes, they are.”
As the silence between them stretched on, Sherlock reached into his pocket to retrieve money for the book, but when he held the note out, Mike just waved his hand away.
“Gary. He thought we would last perhaps two weeks.”
John had to get out of London for a while, had to escape some of the press and questions everyone felt compelled to ask him. At the same time, he had gotten an idea in his head that he needed to put some of his ghosts to rest, and since the Vermeer was still tucked away in his closet, chasing away the dark thoughts associated with Rome seemed more preferable. Sherlock didn't say a word; it was a silently understood fact that he would come. And John had never been so grateful that he'd never had to explain anything to Sherlock. He always seemed to understand his motivations without interrogating him.
“I don't know why you're still so upset. We both lived. We can get back to our lives. You can do as you always have done, looking out for your family and friends. I can live as I always have. You say people are worried about me. Wrong. The Capitol may have favored me, but the people here do not. I am content to go on living my life as I used to, and I am sure that the rest of the district would just assume I did as well.”
It wasn't that John didn't adore London, quite the contrary in fact, but it was loud and full of people, and his efforts to exist in it without suffering bouts of panic since returning from Afghanistan had proven fruitless. Every car horn made him jump, and every innocent bystander who bumped into him was briefly an enemy before he remembered there were no enemies except himself anymore.
“Thank you.”
Sherlock nodded solemnly. He debated his possible courses of action and finally laid a hand on John's shoulder. When he didn't object, Sherlock wrapped him in an embrace again, resting his head against John's. He felt John stiffen for just a second before relaxing, letting out a slow sigh of relief. Sherlock could practically feel the weight lift from him. All Sherlock wanted to do was whisper a chorus of apologies, but he knew full well that all John really needed right then was silence.
KR: But this book,
“You must be Sherlock Holmes.”
“Your faith in me is astounding, Mycroft.” Sherlock sat back in his seat.
“If you were in a relationship, then you would understand why I'm in one with Jeanette.”
“Yeah. But since we're not planning on killing each other, it couldn't hurt. What else do you have to do?”
“Nothing.”
ancient. If not for the cars and people and modern dress John would have expected to look down a street and see directly into a different time. Rome had a history that England didn't, despite its own centuries of wars and kings. Perhaps it was the Mediterranean climate, perhaps the ruins and monuments tucked in between modern buildings, or maybe it was just the dreamlike quality of the situation, the obvious feeling that he was a stranger in a strange land, but Rome felt like an entirely new world. Ancient and divine, dwarfed by domed churches and crumbling pillars, and at the same time, human and mundane, people chatting together at cafe tables and stray cats darting in and out of alleys.
“You said you'd spoken to the poet? What does he say?”
“Are you avoiding John?”
The driver pointed out good restaurants and shops, highlighting his favorites, telling him all the points of interest that small towns like Bell Song always have.
. I was protecting my charge! If you had kept that lunatic locked up, I wouldn't have had to do that!”
He felt his phone vibrate in his pocket, a text from Mary (who else?).
The longer John silently stared at him, the more Sherlock wanted to run. But he forced himself to keep his face unreadable, the usual picture of vaguely superior intellectualism. He hoped it was effective.
“Pitcher plants, and cape sundew plants. Also carnivorous.”
"Have you talked to the dull nurse today?"
But Sherlock replied far faster than John had anticipated, which resulted in John reading the alternative sonnet immediately before he heard himself being introduced, and the soft respectful bookstore applause.
“Well, I hope it will suffice tomorrow as well. I have to go into work, and I don't want you running all over London alone. So stay in, play your violin, and try not to set anything on fire.” John stood and said, “Oh, by the way, Mrs. Hudson wants to know if you want the upstairs bedroom? Have you slept at all since you got here?”
John wasn't sure why he was so put off by Irene Adler. Logically, he shouldn't have been. She was a good enough person, although her moral compass appeared to point north about as often as Sherlock's did. Still, he hated how
“It's trying, isn't it? Every year when they bring you all in, it makes my heart ache seeing how tired and scared some of you are.” John was surprised. He had never heard a Capitol resident talk that way before. “But we do what we can to make it a little easier.”
. Why you?”
He had heard the stories about sophomore slumps from every writer or filmmaker he had ever met, but for the longest time he didn't believe the phenomenon really existed. He still didn't, really. The problem was perception. The world had reached a point where it almost expected an artist to fail on their second venture. So the quality of the work was irrelevant; the world would see failure no matter what the artist produced.
John cleared his throat and stepped away from Sherlock, letting go of his hand. Sherlock put his hands in his pockets, seemingly unfazed by the landlady's presence.
And as soon as he walked inside, Mycroft opened his mouth, but he was cut off by Irene bursting into a laughing fit from her place on the couch.
“That's exactly what you're doing now.” John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, who was momentarily taken aback, surprised at the forwardness. He returned the embrace, felt John's head rest on his shoulder. “You can never go back can you? You left for me.”
Who knew where the night went, because before they knew it, it had reached that gray transition from night to dawn. Just yesterday these early morning hours had been a taunt, a cruel reminder, one last moment of unforgiving quiet before trying to survive the day. But this was the easiest early morning he could ever ask for, curled up next to someone he loved who loved him, half asleep and happier than he ever dreamed he'd be.
All he could do was smile.
For weeks, the London art world buzzed with excitement, about the lost Vermeer at the Hickman. John planned to go see it, of course. It would be foolish not to.
Later that night Sherlock would find his phone flooded with text messages, all of which said the same thing.
"What time is that party thing you and Mrs. Hudson insist on having?"
John took a moment, shaking his head a little. “Why did I let you talk me into coming to this thing?”
“Their relationship
“I don't think there will be.”
“It's part of the work. Just because you don't have to do so doesn't mean you should cut it out. It's hard for writers to build a public image.”
“I don't know. There was just – there was a thing in one of the poems about a crooked heart and it sort of ate at me.”
“So much for hello.”
John started at the voice and turned to face him. "You mean Cathy?"
Walking back to Baker Street, Sherlock realized it was the first time in ages that he had genuinely enjoyed anyone's company. Even with the banter, even with his tendency to keep people at arm's length, and even though they were both clearly still keeping things from each other, it was heaven not walking alone.
Mary periodically asked after Sherlock, and John's answers were always so curt that eventually she quit asking entirely.
So often seen as a mysterious person in his section of the literati, Sherlock felt awfully small.
KR: I understand you were in the army for some time.
Sometime hours later, he was woken up by movement nearby, and his eyes flew open, the dreams of the arena fading as he realized where he was.
He tucked himself back as close as he could against the rock wall, and wondered how safe it would be to stay the night.
Then the woods exploded.
It was never supposed to happen this way.
“I haven't really been back either.” He didn't add
John waited for the smoke to clear a little, trying to make sense of it. There were no other tributes around as far as he knew. He walked a few steps closer, the smoke stinging his eyes as he tried to see what had caused the explosion.
“Precisely. So you can quite easily turn around and walk out it.” He gave a wave of his hand. She remained seated, unimpressed.
The man only laughed, pushing the spear's tips away with his finger. John let him.
“Do you trust me?”
When he thought he'd stopped Moriarty, trapped the spider, the man had shown just how far he was willing to go in his obsession. Staring down at his body, Sherlock couldn't help but think that no one had assigned a guardian to Jim Moriarty. And now there was no one to call off the snipers.
“Mike, just talk to him. I'll come back in a few minutes.”
"Sweets bowl is downstairs."
“Tell us.”
* * *
“Everybody has friends.”
John looked across the Square and saw the man walk toward the stage, refusing to let the Peacekeepers come get him. He didn't look scared or even worried, as most did, as John was sure he looked now. He seemed resigned, indifferent. Sherlock walked up toward the escort and stared him down. The man from the Capitol reached out to shake his hand as he had with John, and said in a hollow voice, “Congratulations, brother dear.” Sherlock only looked down at his hand and scoffed before walking away to stand by John. He glanced out of the corner of his eye at Sherlock and tried to pretend he hadn't just witnessed the most dysfunctional family reunion in the history of the world.
Usually she would let it lie, not pry and ask over and over why he seemed so hesitant to take her back to his own flat. Usually she ignored that detail entirely. But now and then she would ask, “Why don't we go to your place tonight?” And all he could do was make some lame excuse to avoid ever letting that happen. Baker Street could not be touched by her.
Mike Stamford's bookshop had always been one of Sherlock's favorites. It had both new and used books, stayed open late, and was designed in such a way that one could get lost entirely in the shelves like an animal camouflaged in leaves.
The house's furniture had been left as well, and it sat in place, in ruin, all the fabrics torn and molded, all the wood threatening to snap at any second. Sherlock craned his neck, looking up through the hole in the roof. It left a spotlight in front of the fireplace. It wouldn't be long before there was nothing left of the house at all.
“What is?” Sherlock didn't even look up from his work.
“Well that's one less thing to worry about.”
be miserable. You're already miserable. And no one here thinks half as much of you as John does. You think you'll find support from anyone else? Do you think your ego will keep the arena from haunting you? Speaking from experience I can assure you that it won't.”
“No. Not really. Irene just told us to make people like us.”
When John went to give the packet of evidence back to Mycroft, the man instantly said, "Something is missing, John."
Mycroft was quiet. He had anticipated all manners of complaining and impatience, but had not expected this. “Well, now we have less work to do. You should be happy that he came to you instead of us having to throw you two into the same room.”
Sherlock took the plate. “I'm not hungry.”
John shook his head, and didn't say what he wanted to, that he had trouble seeing his life far into the future. He always got like that when bad things happened. It seemed arrogant to presume he would survive very long, that to imagine himself being alive at sixty or even fifty seemed preposterous. So he kept things short term, fairly certain he could survive smaller intervals, even if the idea of surviving for longer than that was absurd. After Afghanistan he had lived only imagining a few weeks into the future. After the Hickman, a few days. Since Sherlock had been killed, he only allowed himself to see his life a few hours ahead. It was all just about getting through the next few hours, and then the next, and then the next.
John shifted to the edge of the bed, his brows pulling together in a very suspicious frown.
“I have one.”
for putting up with all my crap while I wrote this.
“Don't talk, please, just listen. We're in a bit of a bind here, Sherlock. See, John has something that belongs to me, and I was wondering if you could help me find it. He seems to be needing some motivation.”
did this to him!”
“You...you know who I am?”
“I left.”  He shrugged.
He told her a harsh, to the point account of what had happened, a monologue more emotionless than the news reports had been. No big deal, everyone's friends die eventually, it was just a worse death than usual. “I've survived worse traumas,” he said to her, sure that she could hear something like a lie in his words.
John stopped walking, forcing Sherlock to stop as well. You would have thought Sherlock had just told him someone had died. “You asked what I was humming.” Sherlock watched as the memories crept back from their alcohol-induced amnesiac prison.
“Why would I?” The woman just rolled her eyes. “Well? What is monopolizing your mental faculties?”
He had played countless pieces on the violin, watched an awful amount of television, and even spoken to the housekeeper some when she was drawn upstairs by his playing. At one point, she even brought him food and a newspaper to read.
But he was even chilled by his own thoughts some nights, his own conscious thoughts, not the ones his dreams attacked him with.
Sherlock was not one to grow sentimental, but he had woken up that morning with a terrible sense of solitude and found himself in one of his blacker moods. What was the point of doing and creating extraordinary things if no one was there to bear witness to the creative process? In a fit of annoyance with himself and the world, Sherlock drew someone he considered to be the ideal audience.
“Just stopping by for a visit. I don't see you at the clinic anymore, since you quit there. Thought it might be nice to say hello. Sorry Sherlock isn't here too. He amuses me.” She never sat down, always making rounds, her eyes falling on all the little details of their daily lives. “I came by last week, actually, to see you two. But Mrs. Hudson told me you were in Rome.” She halted her steps for a moment to turn and look at him over her shoulder. “I never could get you to go to Rome with me.” She didn't say this with the veiled malice she had had earlier, but instead faced this truth with a sort of affectionate chagrin. The tone of voice didn't match well with her posture, but John was grateful even for the attempted pleasantry. “It's a wonderful place, isn't it? When your loved ones aren't dying there?”
John was convinced within the first day that he wasn't imagining things, that this man really was the same person he saw in Afghanistan. But he still was concerned about the reaction he would get if he brought it up, so he'd kept it to himself. Instead, he'd decided that he would do his best to try and protect the person who had saved him on the battlefield.
The man rubbed that back of his neck. “I have to allow them access to the transition facilities on the next Full Moon. Prove that you’re all harmless…or contained.”
He nodded, letting his lips twitch into a small smile as the man’s left arm broke. His Alpha command had worked completely. Once the man’s Shift was complete, they’d get him out of there.
Something warm, comforting, and smelling distinctly of forest,various chemicals, and take-away, pressed against his back and nuzzled his ears. He grunted, unable to do much else. While his head felt heavy, his body was weightless, almost as if it didn’t exist at all.
The fingers extricated themselves from his fur, taking some of his remaining winter fur with them. She smiled at him, her tears dried though her eyes were still puffy. “Thank you, Uncle Ford,” she murmured with a soft smile before looking back up at his older sibling. “Thank you, Sherlock.”
The taller man narrowed his eyes at him, partially in confusion and partially in defeat, unsure of what emotion he should be showing on his face right now. “What do you mean, it’s all going to be fine!? It’s not fine, Sherrinford!
. Human eyes widened; their snarls deepened to a steady threat. Their nostrils flared wide as John shushed them, giving his Mate’s lead a firm shake. “Willie,” he warned before commanding, “Track.”
The harrumph he received told him everything he needed to know.
The man, as if sensing her confusion, doubt, and hurt, stopped his scrolling on his mobile to press a kiss to the crown of her head, inhaling her scent. She leaned into the sensation, used to it and the comfort that it brought. “Will you get furry later?” she murmured, wanting a snuggle badly.
He shook his head. “It’s nothing bad, I swear. It’s just...” He bit his lips and tipped his head to the left, feeling the tags shift along his chest, an idea popping into his mind. “I need to be honest with you, and, if it comes back to bite me, then so be it.” He inhaled, gathering his courage. Imogen’s beautiful brow furrowed in confusion, her mouth slightly ajar as a glint of a tear hung at the corners of her eyes.
“You know her,” Sherlock stated, moving to pick up his violin, keeping an eye on the other man. Sherrinford was still moving as if in a daze, stumbling a bit as he sat down on the sofa. The detective resisted the urge to growl at the action. His sibling was Pack and thus his scent should be allowed in his territory.
The other Wolf shook his head with a chuckle. “
She hummed in appreciation and continued to move out the door and down the hall. The stairs, one flight down and, eventually, one flight back up, proved to be difficult and her progress was slow. She was greeted on the second floor landing by a massive tawny wolf, head cocked and ears pricked forward. His head was slightly bowed and submissive, nostrils flared and a soft whine issuing from his throat. “You’re already awake,” she said, tossing her hands up. “Of course. You could probably smell the contractions on me.”
He knew that they needed a third body to call it a serial killer. It was something that they drilled into you at the Academy. However, he knew deep down that there was a serial killer loose among the populace. One that had a very specific type victim. One that could effect his friends and their odd family.
The good-natured growl that greeted that order widened his grin as he taped the plaster shut again and giving the officer a friendly pat. “Maybe I’ll join you later?”
“Ready?” he asked, stretching in all his naked glory under the glow of the nearly full Moon and the backyard light. He grinned at his mate even as the man shifted on his feet nervously, his hands shoved into his pockets and his eyes trying to look anywhere but directly at him. A pink flush spread across the soldier’s cheeks as his heart thrummed and the scent of arousal perforated the air around him. Catching John’s rather blatant stare at his abdominals and his happy trail (and his impressive package beneath that), he grinned. “John.”
“Wait!” He paused in his retreat, the hair on the back of his neck rising as he felt two pair of eyes focus on him. “How can you tell?”
Of course, the move had left him without clothing in the middle of London on his oldest sibling’s doorstep. Barking and scratching lightly at the back door (Where he would attract less attention from the passersbys), he prayed that Mycroft and/or Molly was at home.
He grinned back brightly, tongue lolling out. He gave her one final lick on the cheek before vanishing out the door and down the stairs to Sherlock’s flat. The man had enough robes that he could certainly borrow one for an hour or two.
“Oy!” he shot back, “They’re trained professionals!”
The twins became solemn and nodded. He made a mental note to get them to come out of their shells a bit more. He did not need to be
“But what’s the plan?” He leaned closer to the receiver, intrigued. Imogen Crowley had proven to be a lot more interesting than he though she’d be at their single, brief meeting.
“I see you’ve heard the news.” The older man’s voice sounded weary through the line.
at hiding his wolfish traits - his flaring nostrils, his sniffing, his head tilting, his smiles without teeth - that she had figured it out quickly, especially with her upbringing. It hadn’t bothered her, really; not at first. And now, now she was thinking that it had been a horrible idea to have continued their relationship with that hidden knowledge. “God,” she breathed again, rubbing her temples with her fingers.
BRIXTON, LONDON, UK
“Don’t call it close.” The transition would not be awful for the detective, he knew. Even less so for Sherrinford, if he decided to Shift at all. He sighed, squinting out through the dim light.
“Evy,” her father said, sitting down opposite her, “What’s going on, Angel?”
. He took a long draft from his coffee, already dreading the rest of the day. The sun had barely breached the horizon and he had been called in. Apparently, it was an emergency. Apparently, he was the only DI who could handle this particular case. He shot a glance over at Eddington, who had just arrived as well, a cup of equally black coffee in his hands.
“Thank you - for earlier. I appreciate your discretion, as does my brother,” the rich baritone of the wold’s only consulting detective stated.
Beside them sat her Aunt Molly, a wide-brimmed hat on her head and her hand on the knee of the man she had married. The man that was currently nose-deep in his mobile, no doubt controlling the Free World as only someone who held a minor position in the British Government could. Lucy and Nathaniel were racing about the paths that surrounded them on their bicycles, dodging their rather mobile younger siblings. Benedict never got close to catching a bike but Thomas, his jaws nipping at the tires, was bound to get hit.
“I mean,” the original short man cut in, “We’re mostly janitorial staff. I was a teacher. Loved my job, the kids loved me. Now I’m cleaning the toilets in the evenings. Heaven forbid that I have any interaction with the students.”
She placed a hand on his shoulder, causing him to jump a bit. “It’s not a problem!” she chuckled. “That’s why you’re the leading expert on the Lupus sapiens and I’m getting splattered by an exploding pen!”
he mused, flinching at the thought of it being absolutely overrun by suits.
Now he was truly curious. He cocked his head slightly, his multi-colored eyes focusing on the young girl. “Which one?”
Sighing, he stopped his pacing and laid down, his heavy head dropping to his paws. Everything was out of his hands and he hated it.
She knew.
“Because, if what you’re saying is true, you can help me. I know that this is a large ask, Imogen, but...the killer, the Hunter who has been shooting Wolves on the New Moon, is a murderer. He needs to be brought to justice and I intend to do that. For that, I will need your help.” He paused, allowing his statement to sink in.
He chuckled, taking the thirteen year old in his arms and gave her a tight squeeze. “I’ll take it, Darling,” he chortled, ruffling her hair. “So what do we have here?”
The thought comforted him for a moment because he knew that it was false hope.
The younger man cocked an eyebrow, shooting her a quick glance. “Well, he would be the one to ask. Better do it sooner rather than later, though. My younger brother may have been born a Wolf but he lacks the instinct for self-preservation.”
are the only one who has been ordered to kill me?” the man asked, his voice surprisingly even, as if his life was threatened on a daily basis.
He released a small growl but didn’t try to move that foreleg again.
He paced, his footsteps slapping against the hardened cement floor of his ‘home.’
With that he turned towards the door, needing to see his Mate again, his animalistic urges going against his more rational thought screaming that Imogen needed more rest.
“I hate to state the obvious, but why?”
, Detective Inspector. I am going to do something that is going to change the course of history and
“I really love them!” she replied, flushing. “The hormones are what make them so much fun!”
,” he gritted through his bared teeth.
“Dinner’s ready,” the younger man said, unapologetic in his entrance.
The older man’s smiling face (teeth exposed), met their rather frazzled expressions. John, who’d insisted on coming, pulled his exasperation (probably due to the odd tension that rose between them when the Moon was this close) into a polite smile. “We’re so pleased that you’re here!” his father continued, grabbing their baggage in his age-spotted hands and rushing them both into the house.
“Truly!” she laughed back. “Besides, would he be a great detective if he were normal?”
The couple visibly relaxed, smiles becoming less terrified and more genuine. “Thank you,” Molly murmured, covering his hand with hers and squeezing it tenderly. “I don’t know how to thank you enough.”
. “What happened, Mycroft?”
He closed his eyes, thinking about the email from the racist mother.
. She grinned, her attention straying from her schoolwork to think about visiting her favorite uncle tomorrow. She’d really missed him since he’d moved out to care for Thomas. There were times when he was the only person she could really talk to, it seemed. He always seemed to understand her and now, despite her parents and Mrs. Hudson, she felt alone.
“They’re a handful,” she chuckled. “Why I ever thought that having another set of twins was a good idea, I don’t know!”
(Though he really hated telling the other man that)
The park was a pleasant retreat, allowing him to think and to simply expend energy. Setting his body on autopilot, he and Sherrinford traversed the small patch of grass and trees enthusiastically while he continued to mull over his conundrum.
, he noted. “I don’t remember too much, Darling. His eyes will open a bit before the time he’s old enough to create and keep memories.”
, he realized.
“No!” she gasped, wriggling in an attempt to escape. “Stop! Let him go!”
“Boring,” he stated, “It’s the mob, as dull and as boring as that could be. They use corpses to smuggle drugs. The case has been going on for years, discreetly of course. Grandpa is probably halfway to Ireland by now.” He exhaled. “Next?”
“Sherrinford!” she screamed, crying now as she fought against her uncle’s iron-like grip.
“Where you could hit a pedestrian! Or the PM!” John’s exasperation made him chuckle as he strode towards the bed where his brother lay.
He grinned, knowing that the action was slightly terrifying, but also needing to express his joy some how. Against all odds, he had (
The other man bit his lower lip and shook his head slightly. “I’m not good enough to be working under you, Sir,” he replied. “I’m not trained to be a sniffer dog. I didn’t even identify the wolfsbane on the scene. Sherlock Holmes, who’s a bloody human, found it instead of me!”
, he hoped.
He nipped at the man’s fingers playfully before tucking in to the steamy flesh. The delicious juices slid down his throat, the meat’s tang settling his rumbling stomach. The rabbit didn’t last long, and he eventually sat back on his haunches and licked his wolfish grin. He inhaled deeply before releasing his mirth to the sky, his howl echoing for miles. John joined him, his elegant neck catching the Moon’s beams, painting it silver.
The woman laughed and a child punched at his tongue, almost bonking him in the nose. He yipped, backing away slighting before sniffing at the protruding part of her stomach warily. “I think he likes you, Uncle Sherrinford,” Molly giggled as the limb, probably a hand, moved under his muzzle.
Imogen had taken it all well (As far as she could tell), though she was sure that her Uncle Ford helped. She had forsaken her family and her very name to stand beside the man that she loved more than anything. Their love for each other was so evident and so incredibly cute that she hoped to find someone who loved her that way. Their six month anniversary as a couple had been marked by the significant bonding experience that had resulted in a small, slim, ebony werewolf with bright green eyes that stuck to her lover’s auburn side like a bur. This, of course, meant that the baby she was carrying was going to be a natural born Wolf, like his or her father.
. Sneezing the odors from his nose, he nudged the door open and trotted back through the flat. When he rounded the corner into the kitchen, he stopped in his tracks. The doctor was seated in his usual chair, his head resting in his hands.
The man, palpitating his upper torso and rotator cuff before offering the newborn his finger to hold, muttered, “Couldn’t leave you to bleed out. Evelyn would never forgive me if I let her favorite uncle die on my watch.” The older man chuckled, his teeth flashing briefly before his lips covered them again.
“We’ve got a missing persons case. Apparently a corpse was changed out before a funeral, the family wants to know where their grandfather’s body disappeared to.”
_ _ _ _ _
“Late next week, after we conclude our analysis of the Law, we will be holding a debate,” Ms. Crowley cut through her thoughts. “Please consider both sides of the argument carefully: Should there be laws governing the Lupus sapiens? Is the current Law fair, giving them equal rights to humans? And, most importantly, should they, as a species, be regulated? Please be sure to have research that backs up your claims. And, as this assignment falls after the full moon, I suggest that you think about what these men go through on that night as you prepare your arguments.”
His mother’s eyebrows shot up. “That’s not necessary, Sherlock,” she stated. “Sleep here. We’ll leave the back door unlocked. Sherrinford was able to open in that…shape.”
It was wonderful having John in Baker Street. Sherlock always had someone to go with him to crime scenes, someone to handle the day to day things that he found so tedious, someone to laugh with, someone who called him "extraordinary" and "fantastic," but also someone who didn't fear criticizing him. All those years, people had told him that no one would ever want to spend time with someone as blunt and difficult as him, but here was living proof to the contrary.
"No, John. No serious injuries, I assure you."
“And what is
The evening light cut through the crack between the curtains. All was quiet. All was calm. So why did it feel so goddamn
“The alternative is always available, even outside the arena.”
He knew why. They thought they had more time. The afternoon with the bomb told them it was something that would have to be addressed sooner or later, but they thought there was time enough for that to wait. After all, they were in the middle of the most stressful case of their lives, so it was perfectly rational to wait until they had some time, right?
But as he sat up, Mary was nowhere to be found, and the forest was unmistakable.
"About what?"
Sherlock watched from across the cemetery, listening in, listening to prayers as he had for years.
Sherlock saw the shot and took it.
, which led to me meeting my agent, which led to years and years of sending out books. Most of them lost their heart, though.”
He shook his head. “You might not feel anything. This is foreign territory.”
below my flat, whatever that is.”
“Where on earth would I go on holiday?”
his own work.
“How's the Whitman been treating you?” he asked.
“Why?”
. It's always you. John Watson, you keep me right.”
. To hell with people asking about his methods of constructing a novel. To hell with the people asking him to compare and contrast
“Yeah?”
“Come with me. I want to show you something.”
“I have a sponsor.”
“London. You'll be there a while. We've assigned you to one person permanently. So you will be with him until he dies.” Sherlock groaned. “You will show yourself as human.”
John gave him a weak smile. “He's probably right, though.” Sherlock gave the tiniest nod and flick of his hand.
John expected to be frustrated at the planning, the discussions, but after all, this wasn't the first time they'd had to come together to keep Harry from killing herself.
John laughed under his breath. “Well, that just doesn't seem quite like you. I figured you were a cat person.”
John shut his eyes and took a breath. Don't be quick to anger. Don't be like him. “I have no idea, but he
“I'm sure she'll be ecstatic. And would you kindly tell her to quit asking about the entirely unnecessary upstairs bedroom?”
“Yes, where was the man who helped with those of us who were wounded? I'd like to thank him.”
"I assure you that you have nothing to worry about."
He had shielded me for so long. It was high time I returned the favour.
Sitting in their usual booth in the back of the restaurant, Sherlock watched him with curiosity as he had when they'd first met. And while usually Sherlock knew what John was thinking, this time it was John who could read Sherlock's mind. He just waited for the inevitable question.
A change came over the man's face, something like awe. “Oh my god. I know who you are.” John waited for the inevitable association with Sherlock. He had grown used to his name being tacked on in all the stories about Sherlock's victories, and though it didn't happen every day, there were always people who read the news stories closely enough that they had heard of him. “James has talked about you a lot. He speaks so highly of you. Christ, I owe you one.”
live here. Or I did, anyway. Although there wasn't always a
It was the meaning of the word
JW: Hardly. No one that pleasant would associate with me.
“We think.”
“No.” The plane lurched off of the ground. “Neither are you, though.”
Sherlock Holmes: The fundamental misunderstanding here is that poetry
John followed him upstairs – slowly with the way his leg had been today – and Sherlock led him into the flat. It was a homey place, felt like a place Mrs. Hudson would own. It was certainly a step up from the bleak industrial strength beige of his current rooms. Better location too. He was so distracted thinking about moving that he didn't notice at first that Sherlock was standing by the window, staring at him like a science project.
Then, despite the gnawing fear inside him, he touched the statue again. The sections that were colored were slightly warmer than the surrounding marble. And they seemed almost more pliable.
“Well, can't worry about that yet, yeah? One thing at a time. Let's just get to the hospital and go from there.” The car was rapidly catching up to the ambulance.
Sherlock squinted down at the rocks below as he heard the cannon. He could just make out the outline of a body.
“John?”
“I'm going into med school.”
"Then why are we doing it?"
to do.
He took a deep breath to calm himself down, and opened the door.
John slowly rose to his feet, the hound forgotten. Sherlock saw him glance down at his gun, a fleeting glance.
He held a hand up for him to stop, and he did, but he continued to watch him carefully, trying to read more. “The woman from District 8 is dead.”
The owner smiled, himself again. “When you return from the disagreeable people, I'll be sure to recommend you some more you'd like.”
“The Capitol citizens may love you two, but they're not the ones in control, are they? That stunt of yours, John, it's made some people very angry.”
Speeches like these always allowed one to say things that under any other circumstances would draw attention and be the precursor to a serious conversation. People expected sentimentality at a wedding. They expected heartfelt speeches. No one would think anything of it. Including John, who, as always, remained delightfully oblivious to all that
But here? Here he stood out, a fact which he realized the second he saw the flash of recognition on the man's face.
Hunger Games. Recently, the special rules for the Quarter Quell were announced, and I know how excited you all are to hear the results of today's Reaping. So, let's get right to it, shall we?” With a pursed-lip smile, Mycroft hooked his umbrella over his free arm and reached in for his first slip of paper. “Now for our first tribute from District 12, the honor goes to...Harriet Watson.”
A voice nearby, Janine, asking if he was all right.
“Remember that all of the tributes are usually
“What flight?”
“The love story angle, huh?”
“Can't get lost here.” He gestured for her to go upstairs after briefly but seriously considering taking her back to Mrs. Hudson's kitchen to keep her away from his flat.
John filed away a bit of information: Sherlock Holmes is a sentimental drunk. And yet, it didn't entirely ring true. Sherlock may have been drinking, but his eyes had become clear, and his face looked as it always did. He likely wasn't completely drunk. But the softly spoken words only made John put up his mental defenses. He cursed himself for being just as emotionally useless as his sister.
“Why?”
“Fair.” John sounded tired on the other end of the line, his voice low, well-suited to the late hour. “I hate this, Sherlock.”
“I wanted to kill it, you know.” John looked up from the bloom, still clutched protectively in Sherlock's fingers. “But it won't die.”
Sherlock frowned, growing frustrated with the whole affair. “Maybe the priceless works of art are just a potential bonus, and the real motivation is the chaos and death. Maybe the bombings and art thefts aren't related. Maybe pieces get stolen because people are opportunistic even in a crisis. Maybe the bomber is just a madman.”
Even though he'd been in that room so many times, he had never really paid attention to it until that night he ventured inside after returning from Rome.
"I suppose." It wasn't technically a lie, just a recent development.
“I wish I could say the same.”
“John Watson.”
“We've had our own compromising positions ever since.”
Of course he would have fixated on that line. Of course he would.
"You will be fine, John. Whether you can see or not."
Sherlock shifted, leaning against him and resting his head against John's forehead. “
Mary caught his eye, a sort of smug, vindictive smile coming across her face. She was already on her feet when he walked in the door, and stood between the two of them, grinning at him in a fashion that she clearly hoped passed for pleasant.
John opened his mouth to speak and stopped himself. The more people who knew about the Hickman, the greater the risk. But Sholto looked so thrilled to hear a good story, and was so intrigued that John slowly and quietly told him how he'd been at the Hickman and how the stranger's ring had led him to Sherlock Holmes. He left out the bit about the Vermeer of course. That would have been far too great a risk. The only reason he felt relatively safe telling Sholto about the Hickman at all was because of the very low likelihood that anyone would talk to Sholto long enough for him to reveal this secret.
“Hi, Mike. Sorry to bother you. I know it's early.”
Sherlock hit the speaker button on his phone and set it down in front of him on the bedspread, freeing his hands to rub at his eyes in a mix of elation and frustration. Late night phone calls: always so promising, but always so misleading.
“Never really had one, honestly. Not a proper one. Never got very serious. Another fault.”
“Well someone has to keep me from assaulting the man on forensics.” He grinned. “Though to be quite honest, you would likely be more help to me than most of the officers on the police force.”
After a few weeks, John effectively put Sherlock on light duty, never letting him wear himself out with cases that would require running all over London, but certainly giving him free reign over all his experimentation in the flat with his microscopes and Bunsen burners. It gave John a chance to deal with some day to day chores, things which seemed so completely meaningless after living the way he had for so long.
The night before the Games, John couldn't sleep. He hated his body refusing to let him rest when that was what he needed most. It was safe to fall asleep in this bedroom. It wouldn't be safe to sleep in the arena. But logic can't always overcome instinct, and the fear that coursed through him drowned out any rationality that he had left.
“Picked the lock, obviously. Though I shouldn't have had to, since
He took a risk, moving closer to the edge to get a better look at his options. The tributes had moved farther away from the base of the cliff. They were standing around, laughing and talking. The laughter seemed so sick.
“We shouldn't have made it out alive,” John said. “We were never supposed to survive.”
“I haven't killed anyone. Not yet.”
He rounded some rocks, his hand grabbing them for balance, and then jerking away when he saw his hand covered in blood. He spun around, trying to figure out where to go, when he saw the body.
He let his thoughts wander, hoping he'd unintentionally stumble onto something more pleasant. And to his surprise, he did: Sherlock would likely be home by the time he was. The little thought, that he would be there, was more than enough to keep John happy on the ride home. It was so easy to think of nothing else, nothing except how Baker Street was alive again, alive with his voice, his quiet movements as he went about the day-to-day, the slight disturbance of the air around him when the belt of his dressing gown cut through it. More lazy mornings and nights of cases and takeout, and everything being worth the trouble and pain.
The woods around the estate were dense, but well-kept, the paths much more distinct than any of the ones that Sherlock cut through his own grounds.
“You're very lucky,” a voice said. “The neighbors saw you go in, so they went looking for you when they heard the house collapse.”
“Isn't that all we could assume for ourselves as well?”
“How did you get in here?”
“I have to watch over you, don't I?”
SH: What indeed?
The dry sunny heat of Rome was a shock after so many months of the damp English chill.
“What?”
John reached out and wrapped his hands around his cup, staring at the white top, and Sherlock saw the change. The shift from Bestselling Author Dr. John Watson, of Somerset, Who Lives and Works in London, to John, the man who returned old books of poetry and wrote about broken children and who looked at him with a seemingly infinite kindness.
John had never been to Italy, unlike Sherlock, so he couldn't help but stare out of the car window at everything they passed. Sherlock spent the ride staring at his phone.
“I know.”
“Is it terrible to say that you rather get used to it over the years?”
“Naturally. The company must be equally tedious, or you wouldn't be talking to me. Aren't people supposed to mingle at these things? Go out for nice dinners and drinks and pretend to be interested in each other's work?”
“A trip to the zoo? Seriously?”
“You know our friends were taking bets?”
“And then what? If she does, I mean?”
Sherlock stood a few feet away, but refused to sit.
to speak. He stared at the rug under his feet and took a deep breath. “If you aren't comfortable with pursuing this case, I'll gladly tell Mycroft to go to hell.”
How could he make them realize that to him they weren't his audience. They were a hoard.
“Which one is it?”
John hated his own worry. After all the cases he'd worked with Sherlock, he'd hoped that the worry would eventually go away. But without fail, no matter what faced them, he always approached it with concern and apprehension until he was satisfied that everything would turn out okay. That Sherlock would continue to defeat evil and cheat death. And he always did. The danger was real, but it was never enough to stop him. He chided himself for his irrational fear, telling himself that this case would turn out them same way. But Sherlock looked so serious, and the nervous way with which he fidgeted with the corners of the papers set John ill at ease.
“You do. Everyone knows. Even Mary Morstan knows it isn't an act, so I wish the two of you would just quit pretending that it is. Especially you.”
When the door shut on them, he continued, “We're going to Rome.” He said it with that familiar tone of finality.
When John woke up in the middle of the night, the other side of the bed was cold beside him. But through the closed door, he could hear the faint notes of “On the Street Where You Live.”
“Still awake?” The doors to the car whooshed closed behind John. The lights had been turned down, and Sherlock hadn't bothered to turn them back up. He sat on the sofa as he had earlier. The only indication that he had even moved was the change from his sleek clothes into cotton pajamas and a sweeping robe.
Sherlock, of course, was just irritated with them. He remained upstairs, sulking on the sofa, reading through his stack of scientific journals. Every few minutes, his concentration would be broken by that infernal pounding on the door.
“Why? She seems like a perfectly nice woman.”
John felt Molly undoing some of the tape around the edges of the gauze. Some of the bandages across his forehead were held in place by her fingers. But at last, Molly was able to tease away the gauze over his eyes. John opened them, squinting in the harsh fluorescent light from the panels in the ceiling. For a good few seconds, everything was so blurry that John thought back to med school when they studied cataracts, and he hoped his vision wouldn't be trapped like this forever. But the longer he kept his eyes open, the more his vision cleared. Molly grinned at him as he breathed a sigh of relief. Sherlock was standing at the foot of the bed, stopped mid-pace, not seeming to know what to do with his hands. John was able to catch the look of pure worry on his face before he covered it. Molly pulled out her penlight to check his pupils and did some quick tests to see if there had been any damage from the explosion. Sherlock continued to pace sulkily while she did.
!” He had reached hysteria without meaning to, his words blending together as he spoke faster. Sherlock only stood across the room from him for the longest time, but when his ranting became broken and nearly incomprehensible, he stepped forward and grabbed John by his shoulders.
“All that's left of the family is the two brothers. The parents died years ago. Only one of the brothers is there all the time. I think the other does government work.”
“No. Even scientists are only finding temporary explanations, a way of rationalizing a world that we in reality know very little about. There are no answers, Sherlock.”
I zoned out and only caught the last few words of his answer. "Girlfriends, boyfriends."
So a great deal of his spending money was used for museum admissions. The longer he was home, the less he limited himself to just art museums. He spent hours in the British Museum staring at archaeological artifacts, more hours in the British Library examining the scratchy ink-on-paper that made up Beethoven's own music. Over the months he had listened to hundreds of speeches by hundreds of different docents about Manet and Dali and Pissaro, so many that he could almost recite some of them himself. Once, there was a lovely Renaissance art exhibition in London and he was there so often that he could have mouthed the informative little docent chats along with the docents.
“Any success?”
Sherlock stood from the table, laptop under his arm. “As ever John, you see but you do not observe.” At least
John stared at the silhouette in the doorway, and he suddenly felt like a character in
“I thought you weren't real. I saw so many things, I just thought...well, I saw you twice. So I didn't think I'd seen you at all. Thought they were both hallucinations.”
, what a thing to miss.
John met his eyes, and his smile faded, and he grew very still, unable to look anywhere else. Sherlock frowned. He was about to ask if John was all right, when John closed the distance between them, a hard, starved kiss. Then nothing but a blur of lips and stolen breaths, a hand on his face, another on his waist. He stood up from the table, dragging John with him, his hand finding the small of John's back, pulling him closer. John backed him up against the kitchen counter, his hands puling at Sherlock's shirt, fighting to reach the bare skin beneath it. And for a minute all that mattered was Sherlock's hands on him, and the ragged voice that asked him, “All right?”
“Well yeah.” Sherlock frowned a little, not believing him. “Why, what do people usually think about it?”
I'm having a problem with, it's the
John watched as the bird took off again, flying off into the woods till John could no longer see it.
“Why not?”
A nurse immediately came up to him, pen and paper in hand, and without preamble asked, “Are you here with Mr. Holmes?”
"Trick or
, Sherlock.”
“You're going to have to be more specific.”
“Really?”
John looked up at him, opening his mouth to say something, but no words came. Sherlock knew what he wanted to ask, some variation of
“My threshold for odd is a bit higher than yours.”
Sherlock paused, looking John in the eye. “And yet here you are.”
John said nothing, just continued watching him with that faintly amused smile, a Mexican standoff of human interaction. Somehow, it appeared that he knew the next step while Sherlock didn't.
John disregarded the various messages he had gotten from Ella while he was out with Sherlock. He was sure she'd be livid whenever he finally reconnected, but periodically, there had to be evenings that weren't consumed with work, with deadlines and tour schedules, and offers from movie producers who would beg for film rights and then butcher the adaptation entirely. There were some nights where he just needed to be a regular person again, like he was before he ever set pen to paper.
. But what he was finally understanding, premature as it may have been, was what
Mary walked up, handing him a glass of champagne. “You know, just because we're both here, sort of together, it doesn't mean that we're actually together.”
“On the contrary –”
they were made. The peak of their production coincided with what was known as the 'little ice age' in Europe, a period of colder temperatures.”
John smiled. “Why would you want to have dinner if you weren't hungry?”
"A second set of eyes. How long has it been since you last slept, Sherlock?"
Sherlock didn't answer, gave no explanation. Instead he reached out and trailed a singer along John's jaw. This time there was no concern in his face, only a reverent sort of calm. John didn't flinch, just waited for Sherlock to come back to earth.
After a lengthy silence, he answered, “Verse.”
be asking yourself is: what does the poem
“I don't know you well enough to tell you something about yourself like that, I don't think.”
“Then stretch your imagination. Either that or learn to speak Greek so you can watch something on television.”
! Because the reality of it is that I spend all that time stuck thinking about you, about the fact that the person who made my life so good is gone forever. And you can't
A few hours later, John came upstairs for good. He set down the remaining sweets on the side table. "Here's what was left. You're welcome to some if you'd like any." Sherlock eyed the sweets suspiciously as he resumed his seat on the sofa. "You need anything?" Sherlock gave a quick shake of his head. John thought he was still in a mood over being interrupted all night. "All right. I'm off to bed then, had a long day. Try not to blow up the kitchen, okay?" John didn't wait for any reply or confirmation. Sherlock never gave any anyway. After his confusion at how Halloween worked, he'd slipped into silence, in one of his trains of deep thought, and he hadn't been in a sharing mood. In all likelihood, Sherlock would probably still be sitting up, staring into space, thinking, when John came downstairs the next morning. One of the greatest minds of his generation, and he would spend hours puzzling over the concept of Halloween.
John rolled his eyes and put a smile on his face for the children on his doorstep, dressed in all their favorite Halloween attire. He and Mrs. Hudson had been spoiling every one of them that came to 221B all night. He couldn't help but genuinely smile when he saw them. They were all so happy and carefree, and he liked thinking that he sent them away even happier.
The fact was that he would have given anything to be out of this shop, back in Baker Street with the madman. Field more questions, or listen to him bitch about the Brownings for hours? No contest. He didn't even care if he never found out any details about Sherlock Holmes, if all he could ever have was his mysterious bullshit, it would be enough, because even that was so much more than he had ever gotten from anyone else.
“You would. So what have you been doing? I can't just glance at you and tell, so you'll have to humor me.”
John stayed for a while longer, resting his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock would talk if and when he wanted to, even if it wasn't tonight. They were both too tired to do much more than lean into one another, bookended together on the sofa. John began to fall in and out of a light sleep, jerking himself awake every time he felt himself nodding off. Sherlock was always still beside him, wide awake, and apparently, deep in thought.
"She was busy."
“Why are you so determined to be alone?”
“John Watson.”
“You wouldn't believe me if I told you. Look,” he lowered his voice so Sherlock couldn't hear, “just, tell me what you think.”
“A dragon fruit tree.”
“Useful information for when you ultimately decide to tell me who Harry is.”
. You're ordinary. You're on the side of the angels.”
"You both have your scars," he said, his voice trying to remain analytical. He had seen glimpses of the scar on John's shoulder in the past, but it was something John always guarded carefully, like he did his sister. There were few things that bothered John enough that he felt the need to stay quiet about them, but the scar was near the top of the list. Sherlock rested his hand over the scar, nearly covering it completely. "But your scars don't change you. You still remain, in essence, who you always have been. And you heal."
Then the growl came from in front of them, and they skidded to a halt. In the shadows of the trees, John saw the faintest glow of red eyes, and a hulking black mass stalking through the woods around them. It would fade from view, disappearing into the dark, in and out like static. The growls came from a different direction every time.
“If you'll have the Met there, why do you need me?”
– surveying the damage and always coming back to the glowing exit sign across the room.
It was nearing the holidays, and Molly and Lestrade had taken full advantage of the fact. The reception hall was festooned in holly and evergreen, and the cake decorated with poinsettias. Molly's bridesmaids were even dressed in a deep Christmas red. The combination of two things that Sherlock found arbitrary and unnecessary, weddings and holidays, had come together to create an absolutely miserable evening.
“Together.”
“Not my problem.”
The surgeon didn't sit, but ran a hand back over his head, pulling off the cap and brushing his fingers through his hair. His hands were the only pristine part of him, having spent all their time covered in layers of gloves.
John saw Felix's eyes cut to Sholto in his peripheral vision, a smile pulling at the edge of his mouth.
“And why is that?”
“Hold on.” He held up a finger, motioned for John to follow him to the familiar living room. The man sat down on the sofa, leaning across the coffee table to talk to John in a lower voice. “Honestly, I really do owe you. James might not have made it without you.”
"None at all." John had never been more relieved in his life. He had been in pain all morning, aching from the cuts and burns, but in light of this, the rest of it didn't seem to matter.
That night, the sky came to life showing the fallen tributes. And while John was grateful to not see Sherlock's face, he felt like he was being strangled when they showed the little girl. Her name, he'd never even known her name till he saw it beneath her picture – Claudette Bruhl.
She looked at him for a moment before staring at the ground, and after a while she did start singing, quietly, almost under her breath.
She sat down on the edge of the desk, her hands in the pockets of her lab coat. “To tell you the truth, it's sort of a relief to find someone else who was at the Hickman. It's kind of difficult, you know, talking to people about it when they weren't there. They don't understand.”
“We can't keep doing this.”
“You don't work there anymore?”
Sherlock had never minded Heaven before, but now it might as well have been hell. He was sent on a couple of small assignments, very tedious ones. Boring cases were always Mycroft's way of punishing him. He hadn't heard of anyone being assigned to John's case. And then Mycroft told him the case had been closed entirely.
“But it's just a picture of a city skyline?”
“Yeah, sure, the calculations.”
When he was safely out of earshot, Mrs. Hudson looked at John conspiratorially. “I didn't know you were seeing anyone.”
His face crumpled some, and his eyes were glazed with tears. “We were together, at the beginning of it. We got separated. I couldn't protect her.”
“My brother works as an executive at a publishing house, so I'm quite familiar with your universe. It's rare that someone from the outside world breaks through. Usually it's populated by people who have always been in the business, not a lot of new faces.”
Another drag on the cigarette, another plume of smoke. “Like seeing some of the other children in your neighborhood torture a dog for sport.”
Sherlock tilted his head back ever so slightly, wary. “All right.”
John didn't want to say what he was thinking (hoping). "I don't know."
And that was what finally made him understand.
doomed. That's just it. They'll probably spend the rest of their lives together and retire to some little house outside of the city with a hoard of grandchildren coming to visit them.” He said all of this with just a hint of disdain.
When John returned after killing time with some terrible hospital coffee, Mike met him just inside the lab doors.
shrapnel, pieces of metal, sharp as knives.
* * *
This kiss was supposed to happen. No cameras, no ulterior motives, impossible to ever explain away with excuses about acts. No way to misinterpret, no way to pretend. The entire country had seen so much of them, but no one could see them now, finally. The world might as well have been only this room.
“Incredible ones.”
Have to have
“I'm starting to get convinced that there's no sense in it at all.”
“You're fine.”
“I think Sherlock is around here somewhere. I can go get him, if you'd like, though I can't promise he'll be especially neighborly.”
“Yeah.”
Sherlock smiled, just a little, and then stood and pulled on his coat. “Done?”
Sherlock didn't come out of his house. More than once, John stood on his front porch, debating whether or not he should attempt to draw him out. And every time, his hand would stop inches from the door, and he would turn and walk away.
“Sherlock?” A voice came from across the room. A tall blond man walked toward the two of them, smiling brightly. Sherlock sighed to himself before attempting a polite smile. “How are you? I haven't seen you in years!” The man looked to John, reaching out to shake his hand. John ran his eyes over the man in confusion. “Victor Trevor. Pleasure to meet you.” He looked to Sherlock for an introduction.
“Wrong. One of us may still have a chance. There is no
“Sorry?”
Silence. John couldn't imagine what would keep Sherlock quiet about what had happened. If the news hadn't somehow made its way to Lestrade, then Sherlock was deliberately keeping him in the dark, no doubt with help from Mycroft. But why?
“And where is she?”
But he dodged the question yet again, in several of its forms. Maybe one day soon he would have a different answer for them.
Before being lost to the other shelves and other shoppers, John stopped. Interrupting his agent mid-question, he turned and said, “Sherlock? I hear you.”
“You aren't crazy, though, are you?”
John stood in his place, watching as Jim Moriarty and Kitty Riley from District 1 were both awarded tens. Sherlock frowned at the screen as Moriarty's score was read, and then he slipped into thought while they went through the other districts.
He repeated himself. “We need to talk.”
“I wonder what they're keeping from us,” John said.
“Sherlock's an odd character. You just have to read him as best as you can. And I don't believe he would kill me.”
“Really?”
“Narcissus is poisonous, then.”
"Holmes."
"Oh, please," John laughed, "It wasn't luck so much as persistence. You were always at Tesco, but your house never had any more food in it. I'm not as unobservant as you think I am."
"Shut up," a muffled voice said against his chest. "Just shut up, Sherlock. It's waited this long. It can wait a little longer."
, every
“If you tell me
Another quick glance, one of immediate understanding. John was sure that was another thing Lestrade would ask him to elaborate on later, assuming any of this crisis was ever truly resolved.
"The first part was simple and calm, soothing almost. The second was faster, more pressing, scared. The third was melancholy, and then the last one was happy again, like the first."
even though it was all just
Who knew what Sherlock was feeling, if anything at all. Maybe he had locked up the human part of himself for a while, to get through his work. But he couldn't get rid of it entirely. John had seen it too many times, and somewhere behind his composure, John was sure he was at least half as much a mess as John himself.
“Trying to imitate your animal counterpart, Mycroft?”
“It's not healthy, John. I've lost friends too, but you have to get on with your life.”
“I know what you meant. However I don't know why you felt the need to break into my house to tell me that.”
They were all questions he had heard in some form or another posed to various novelists who had come through Mike's shop. On the rare occasion a poet was the center of the night, the questions were always markedly different, always about existential dread and catharsis.
It was late when he arrived, exhausted and almost irritated at the grinning face of the hotel owner behind the front desk. How could anyone be so goddamn chipper at this hour in a place remote enough that one could hear sheep from the front porch?
He stood before the block of marble, but didn't make a move to alter it. Not yet. He was going to make sure this was perfect.
“And why can't I just stay in this form like I usually do?”
"So you and the dull nurse didn't split up because of me?"
His words nearly had a stammer to them, a taught line of nerves underneath them.
"Doesn't mean I have to like it, Sherlock."
“And you couldn't even begin to solve all of the issues within your own family, no matter how vocal you had been. Things that are destined to fall apart will, whether you intervene or not.”
“They don't?”
John crossed the room and sat beside Sherlock on the sofa. He felt a twinge of pain in his leg as he walked the last few feet. Probably the beginning of all the aches and pains he would have now that the adrenaline was gone. Everything would hurt.
"Sherlock, listen to me." He had that serious tone in his voice, almost like a parent, that he got whenever I was being difficult. "Sherlock, would you be still for five seconds?!" I stopped mid-step and looked at him. He was staring at the floor, exasperated, yes, but uncomfortable as well.
“Do your parents still travel a lot?”
drag him into this. You pathetic –”
. You were dead!” He hushed himself, words coming out in a hiss to avoid them coming out in a scream in the cool silence.
Sherlock shook his head. “Why are you okay? How are you okay?”
"Strong, loyal, a tad morally ambiguous. And-"
There was a press conference on television later that night, headed by a curly-haired woman named Donovan and a DI named Lestrade. They talked about how the police were classifying the bombing as a terror strike, that threat levels in London were critical and that security would be tightened in what he called “vulnerable places” (other museums, major tourist attractions, government buildings). The police weren't sure who was to blame, and John got the impression that they were almost desperately grasping for leads in a case where no leads were likely to present themselves. They didn't even seem all that sure that it actually
“The Declaration of the Rights of Werewolf-kind,” she replied before taking another bite of bread.
He slowly edged his way back along the alley, hoping that he wasn’t too far away from his squad car. He shouldn’t have been chasing the bloody perp to begin with. All he did was slip out of the drunk tank. But no, he was DI Greg Lestrade and he didn’t let anything slip by his watch.
If he would just fucking tell him what was going on, he could quit agonizing about it. But Sherlock never told anyone anything until he was convinced he knew all the answers.
Lestrade's face flooded with pity. He couldn't make himself look John in the eyes, so he stared at his desktop, trying to think of what he could say that wouldn't make it worse.
It wasn't until nearly lunchtime that John saw the woman down the hall, standing outside one of the patient rooms with a chart in her hands. She had long brown hair, pulled up into a ponytail, and when she took a few steps down the hall, John noticed that she had the slightest limp. John had met all but a few of the staff members, and even though he
“Like the daisies, for instance.”
"Yes, get your coat."
Always the more loving one, never the more loved.
Sherlock's face simultaneously wore both fear and elation, and had he been anyone else there would have been tears in his eyes. John was suddenly aware of how Sherlock's life had really just been one long lonely night after the next; no wonder he had no idea what to make of happy endings like the stories promised to every child except him. Sherlock kept glancing at John's lips, awestruck that anyone would do something like cross a room to kiss him and knowing that those lips were on his and could be for years to come. Unprecedented, all of this. It was no wonder that so many people went around going on and on about love and happy endings and all the things that Sherlock always disdainfully called cliches.
“Jeanette.”
Sherlock was not particularly pleased by this. The second person could be anyone, anywhere. In a world with more than six billion people, statistically, he was unlikely to ever meet them. Which meant that they would no doubt spend the rest of their lives annoying each other by stopping the world, having no way to communicate to each other when they intended to do it.
“No. But as I'm sure you're aware, there are many options available. Do you really want to consider what they might do in lieu of killing either of you?”
Moriarty's body jerked back with the impact, the knife nicking John's neck before it fell out of his hand. Blood from the bullet hole in his head had sprayed onto John, spattering across the side of his face. His eyes were wide open, and he remained frozen in place.
“Goodbye, John.”
“What?”
He used these thoughts to drown out the others.
Sherlock rubbed his finger across the paper, fixing a shadow on the man's cheek, like someone putting a darker shade on a lamp to soften the light. This man could never appear too harsh. He was not a creature of sharp angles like Sherlock.
“That's good. I'm happy for you.”
“No. Kitty's death was an accident, out of my hands. But I feel it's inevitable, don't you? I could have easily killed
“Who does answer, then? Scientists?”
Sherlock was leaning in the doorway a few feet away, staring into his drink. He was humming the song again as John walked by him into the living room. “Still have that song stuck in your head, do you? How does the rest of it go?” He took a long drink, waiting for Sherlock to say something.
Sherlock never slept on trips like this. John didn't know why they even bothered getting two beds in a room, since one always went unused. To keep people from getting the wrong idea, he told himself. Wouldn't want to give anyone the wrong idea.
“Every flower in this greenhouse is poisonous.” He gave a dismissive wave of his hand as he approached one of the corner shrubs, reaching out to admire the pristine white flowers.
“You mean the therapist I walked out on?”
"Yes," Sherlock said. "This sort of weather is wonderful. It always empties the streets of a large percentage of people, and therefore, a large percentage of stupid people." Sherlock saw John smile out of the corner of his eye. "So where are you dragging me to?"
This is the moon. This is/the Sun.
But nighttime also allowed for some of the most impressive pieces of Sherlock Holmes' garden. The murky and unkempt ponds gave way to the deep pinks of perfectly symmetrical water lilies, the air thick and heavy with fragrant jasmine. So often the fragrances of all the different flowers would blend together during the day so that by the end of the night, John usually couldn't tell the difference between any of them. But the jasmine was always unmistakable.
When John woke up the next morning, Sherlock was still there, sleeping beside him, his fingers still loosely holding his wrist.
"Do you believe he was a fraud?"
"He saw her face a thousand times that night."
Sherlock walked to the end of the aisle as he flipped through the book, and in the process nearly ran into Mike, who had stationed himself at the edge of the shelves, leaning against one with a pleased smile on his face. Rather than even trying to make his presence known, Sherlock merely sidestepped him, feeling considerably safer once he was on Mike's other side, and therefore had a clear escape route. Mike was staring up the center aisle at the little gathering he'd orchestrated, practically beaming over the guest, despite it being highly unlikely that he could actually see the person, given that even Sherlock could hardly catch a glimpse through the crowd.
, James. Neither of us are used to that. It's strange, being around someone who is living life with so much enthusiasm. But it's nice.”
“What are we going to do with the rest of the night? We don't have to meet the client till ten in the morning.”
“Jesus, Sherlock.”
"No. I like London. And I must admit, catching serial killers is much more interesting than clinic work."
He hid successfully for a while, skulking around outside with his drink or wandering through the small tight rooms of the house, even resorting to sitting in his childhood room for a while with the door shut, pretending to not exist. But the room itself didn't allow for quite enough hiding, so for some time, he sat alone inside his closet, door shut in the oddly peaceful darkness, staring at his phone, willing Sherlock's name to appear on it, but unable to hasten that result by reaching out himself. He'd felt foolish, the way he'd talked last night, and he couldn't help but wonder what Sherlock must be thinking of him. Until now he had appeared relatively in control of his own emotions, but this business with his family had stripped away everything but the rawest parts of him. He should have kept his goddamn mouth shut. If there was one thing his father had taught him, it was that.
"Sherlock, you really shouldn't."
“Psychosomatic limp. Noticed it as soon as you walked into the flat. It isn't as bad today. Where were you actually wounded?”
“It's complicated.”
He walked numbly through the woods. Sleep had never come. Everything had been the girl all night. She was burned onto the inside of his eyelids.
And within one second, he went from hysteria to a shock as still and silent as Harry's had been, when his eyes fell upon the author's name.
"And?"
"There are few intelligent people in the world. It would be a disservice to let one of them get killed."
Sherlock stared at the statue in horror, the splotches of pinkish tones mottling the marble. He was breathing heavily, some animal part of him preparing him for a fight with a predator. But as the word
John felt like he could breathe again.
“Then why is
“Why do you think that?”
Sherlock heard the muffled crying as someone walked past the door in the hall. Had to be the sister. Sherlock leaned back in his seat and stared at the ceiling. He hoped it wouldn't take much longer for John Watson to go through his loved ones. Sherlock was getting bored. It was so tedious, pretending that someone would come. He knew better. No one would see him off. The only family he had was putting the finishing touches on the paperwork before they headed off to the train. And there was no one else in the District who would miss him. He was sure that, as far as they were concerned, he was as good as dead already.
the point, if you don't mind?” Sherlock said through his teeth, his patience wearing thin.
KR: Yes,
“It won't even take that long. I don't really know how to say this, though. But I feel like I should just go ahead and apologize now.”
Sherlock was beginning to think he should just break away, just run as fast as he could and hope it ended quickly. But when he looked over to John, the defiance and anger on his face was incongruous with the gentle grip on Sherlock's hand, and he knew the last thing John wanted was for him to leave. Still, what someone wanted wasn't always what was best for them.
He didn't care. In these brief moments, it was to hell with the poets, to hell with the stars.
on your face. Try to keep any deductions rattling around in your head to less than five minutes, though, yeah? It's still early.” He turned the page of the paper, glancing between the print and Sherlock. “Come on, I know when you're resisting saying something. Get it out of your system.”
His leg hurt more and more as they walked. At one point, it buckled beneath him, and he fell to his knees.
"You can't know that, John. Inadequate data." They started walking back to Baker Street. John was quiet. Sherlock looked down at him and saw a sort of tenseness on his face. "What?"
“What, these purple ones are?”
Sherlock shrugged. “Say what you will. People can never keep secrets from me, anyway. I find out everything eventually, not out of wanting to pry, mind you, but out of inevitability. But if you'd like to insist that you have no interesting qualities or experiences, by all means, Dr. Watson, continue.”
“You just said you hated this time of year.”
“There are no ways out, John. One person leaves. People need you back home far worse than they need me. It's the only rational choice.”
Sherlock could see the instant John began to consider the implications, the slightest change in his eyes, only inches from Sherlock's. His hand was still on Sherlock's face as he ran through the realizations that Sherlock had thought of hours ago.
." He looked disgusted.
They both heard the door open downstairs, heard footsteps that were far too heavy to be Mrs. Hudson's.
“It's the middle of the night, John.”
Night moved in, and John continued to add new layers of the cream to his skin as each one dried. It still hurt, but it was nothing like the searing pain from earlier, and part of him suspected he would have pain in that shoulder in some capacity for the rest of his life. But it was no longer oozing blood, the edges of his skin held together well, and the smaller cuts around the main wound already turning to scars. The air was colder than the night before, but John thought that at least it might help with the swelling.
Their peace lasted for a good few weeks, and John thought that maybe they were past the worst of it, that maybe if he only had to deal with a relationship instead of work
“Oh, nothing much.”
John walked through the bar without pausing to look at Sherlock, going outside and leaning against the building. It was a cool night, but the restaurant had been so packed and claustrophobic that John didn't really mind.
"Don't make me do so." There was a cold threat in his voice. "You will fix this, Sherlock. You will not become some vagrant on the street, looking for a fix. Not again." He walked up to me with a stack of papers and a pen. They were for an outpatient rehabilitation program. "You will quit acting like a petulant child. You
He had failed the other day, a fact which continued to buzz around in his mind, a near-constant irritation. Why was he incompetent in this one area? His eyes fell to the computer screen, not actually seeing anything. He forced himself to quit fidgeting with a pen he'd picked up from the tabletop.
The shaking continued. “That she is, Dr. Holmes.”
. Inhaling deeply, he gathered his strength and wrapped a hand around the other Wolf’s muzzle, a dominance play. As the other man struggled, trying to shake him off, he growled, “Shift!”
He sighed, rather annoyed at the man’s inability to cooperate. “I believe that people are people, regardless. Besides, I have a family member who’s just like you. I don’t want a serial killer on our hands.”
“This is important, Sherlock, or I would not be bringing this up right now.” He tried to keep his voice low and calm, knowing that his brother was on edge. He shifted a bit in his seat and gulped a large swallow of tea. “I am going on a date on Friday. I think that she may be my Mate.”
“I wouldn’t have shot them!” the detective interjected haughtily, “I wanted to shoot out the window.”
“Hello Eddington,” he stated, tipping his head a bit to the left (It was the other man’s room, after all). “Let’s get those bandages changed.”
The crowd fell silent, eyes fixated on him. Slowly, he closed his eyes and squatted, his fingers brushing the carpet of the adjoining parlor. His tags bounced against his chest with the movement. His collar was tucked into his trouser pocket and there it would stay for the night. He was done hiding in plain sight.
“No,” the older man replied. “The family dog was a huge help.” Biting back the urge to growl at the statement, he huffed softly, hunkering back down outside the master bedroom door, head resting on his paws. Mycroft was protecting him and, through him, the family history and reputation.
She sat beside her father, her head leaning against his shoulder. “They’re so cute,” she breathed, smiling softly at the little Pack but especially at her uncle and his fiancée. “Don’t you just love being here, Dad?”
The man snorted but raised his sandwich in a mock toast. “Cheers.”
Not wanting to wrinkle his suit, much less get it all slobbery by sticking it into his mouth as he trotted through the waking streets, he took a cab, his leg bouncing nervously. He closed his eyes and inhaled slowly through his nose, releasing it in a rush of air from his mouth. The sensation was calming but, as he thought about what he was going to tell Imogen, his nerves rose back up. After all, he had a nephew he had to think about now and, whether he wanted to be with the human woman or not, Pack always came first.
After a brief pause, he received:
“But none of that negated the fact that you are a
He shook out his thick coat, the fur bristling as the scent of John Watson reached his sharpened nostrils.
He dropped the device into his lap and shifted his laptop closer. He had spent the last several days scanning and compiling every bit of information that he could find about Kensington and his family of Hunters. In retrospect, everything was glaringly obvious.
John smiled, his warm, calloused hand cupped his cheek as he pulled his fur about him. The hand rubbed his jowl before finding it’s way onto the top of his head to scratch one of his ears, their brows touching lovingly.
The Wolf, tail stopping to stand nearly erect, trotted away from the scene, his nose pressed to the pavement. The detective followed, his own nostrils flared wide.
“Great!” the man replied, “I’m heading back into London from Baskerville and I was wondering if I could stop by? Go over the plan and figure out a date that could work?”
With one last snap, Sherlock abandoned his play to mark his territory on an oak tree (According to Mycroft, it had been the same tree that he had first laid claim to all those years ago). His younger sibling followed suit, yielding to the other wolf’s dominance while still falling into his pack instincts.
He wondered, not for the first time, if using his backer as a means to escape was a good idea. They were, after all, ancient enemies. But, he had provided something for the backer that hadn’t been there before, so maybe he was owed for his services. Once he left this blasted box, he could get back to doing what he did best: Turning unsuspecting targets. And, hopefully, taking out those bloody Holmes boys.
“Sure!” she replied instantly even as her eyes roved about her rather neglected flat.
The grey wolf, their escaped mastermind, was being pulled back by the darker Holmes brother, his powerful jaws latched around the other wolf’s kicking back right leg. Sherrinford was frantically scrambling to put his body between that of the human man and the serial werewolf turner, his side scraped by the other beast’s claws as his own connected with the heaving sides of the rival wolf. St. Pierre’s neck was being pulled long and exposed, Sherlock’s attempts at pulling him back succeeding. The grey wolf’s jaws refused to let go of their prize, however, as ruby blood gushed from Watson’s shoulder and the man screamed again. Seeing his opportunity, the younger Holmes dove, latching onto the neck of the Canadian werewolf and bit forcibly. St. Pierre growled, the sound coming out as strangled, the air bubbling and hissing.
The K13 stood. “Thank you, Sir.”
“I’m sorry, what?” John queried, looking up from his reading, the newspaper crinkling as their eyes met.
“Yes,” he said with a small smile. “It is amazing how much they conform to the baser nature of the wolf while still maintaining their humanity. It’s the latter part that makes them more dog-like and less dangerous to those they know and trust. As your uncle said, it is important to remember that they are human - even when they don’t appear that way.”
His older brother coughed, “Yes, of course Darling.” The pair left, arm in arm. “We’ll stop by later to let you out.”
It was surreal, really. This enormous secret that had covered so much of his life and the lives of the people around him, his family in a way, had been revealed to one of the people who truly mattered most to him. And she had taken it in stride, after the initial shock of it all.
The greying man beamed at him, his teeth flashing white in the sunlight. The sight didn’t even bother him in the slightest, his own teeth revealing themselves as he laughed, his happiness spilling out in the only way that his human body could allow. In that moment, however, he would have given anything to howl his joy to the whole of Baker Street and beyond.
Shaking his head, Sherrinford waved at the exasperated army doctor. “I’ll be back with Thomas. That should distract him for a while.”
“I know,” the man whispered, breaking his gaze, “I simply feel powerless. It is a strange feeling.”
“It’s okay, Sherlock. I understand.”
Not turning around and not raising his head, he pulled the robe about him tighter as if holding back the emotions that were racing through him. “The symptoms: Obvious baby movement from one child at night - every night, as well as when around others of it’s kind; the scent is undeniable, unless you keep another Wolf around the house; the unmistakeable bat of a paw against my nose at the last Moon. You could use an ultrasound machine to confirm it, but I know already and I thought that you should too. To make the proper…accommodations.”
“What!?” her husband said, sitting up quickly, his hands flying to her stomach. “They’re coming? You’re certain?”
but face it, you’re just as afraid as I am of being discovered. Though, in all honesty, I’m surprised that my
John looked like he was going to refute the placement of himself into his room but then thought better of it. He simply closed his mouth with a small snap and shot him a strange look. The detective pulled a bit closer to the older man until their hands brushed, needing the protective gesture and the comfort that his Mate’s scent brought this close to the Moon. He pressed his nose to the top of John’s head, inhaling his scent in order to comfort them both.
. Click.
Her huge blue eyes looked up at him as if he held all the answers in the world - which was usually the case, but not completely true in this instance. He sighed. “Sherrinford will be over shortly. I am hoping he brings answers.”
Cheeks flushing a deep red, the small woman spun in the arms of her lover and stood on her toes to chastely steal a kiss from his thin lips. “I know but I can’t help but feel inadequate...”
“The list of people coming continues to grow, Brother,” the older man explained, his frustration evident. “We went from five to fifteen. Now it’s looking like almost thirty! That’s too many. There are Wolves that can’t handle that.”
The twins laughed, their fright, he hoped, forgotten, and the mood became considerably lighter. “Now children,” his brother intoned, “If you have friends over and Uncle Sherrinford is a wolf, you need to pretend that he’s our dog - Jack. Can you do that for us?”
Her thoughts had carried her to the steps of 221 Baker Street and she produced a key, fitted it in the lock and entered the building. She inhaled deeply, taking in the faint scent of gunpowder that made her eyebrows raise.
“You will be,” the mortuary reassured him with a smile, her hand still stroking the twitching ears of her child. “And we’ll be fine; he is my son, after all.”
The twins were dropped off at 221 Baker Street, their short helicopter ride with John, Sherlock, and an extremely excited Evelyn had concluded, and now they were driving up to Baskerville. Evelyn had been there before, when she was three and her father had learned to truth about Sherlock, but she did not remember. Her nose was pressed to the glass, drinking in every last tuft of grass and bend of the stream that ran through the moor. Her father had told her that she could come to observe some werewolves, as that was what her latest school project was about. What she did not know was that those werewolves would be her two uncles, letting the thirteen year old into their tight circle of confidence.
John chuckled humorlessly. “You hate that it keeps you from escaping the business of your Mind Palace.”
Sherrinford was currently sitting in the nursery, watching the babies fall asleep, their chests rising and falling in perfect synchronization. He could wait for his eldest brother, knowing that his steps would eventually lead him to the children. From the sound of the weighted foot steps, he would be in the nursery momentarily.
. “The debate’s in two days.”
(Most of them do)
With a grin, he pulled his own collar from his pocket. “Yes, please.”
_ _ _ _ _
“Are you suggesting that we train you and others like you - perfectly functioning
fine with her living without
The men, an air of solemnity hanging over them, exited without a sound. He inhaled deeply, the strong scent of Wolf lingering along with the pungent odor of nervousness as they closed the doors behind them.
“I can
_ _ _ _ _
His Mate was blocking his exit, arms crossed his chest and a scowl on his face. “We’re not going anywhere, Sherlock. We have been told to lie low. To remain home and to not engage the public. Mycroft will get Sherrinford out, and, after that, you can tear into him. But not before.”
The other man’s head cocked, listening before releasing a faint sigh. One of the other man’s thumbs twitched, giving away his turn towards him an instant before it happened. “Tell me about the Hunters.”
“I’m terribly sorry, Darling,” he murmured, bending to pick up her bags, and ushering her towards the door. “I did not expect two sets of twins, but they do skip a generation. I’ve been told.”
“Apologies,” the British Government stated, automatically lifting his human son from his bed, “Daddy had a bad day at work, Darling. Shhhhhhhh. I’m sorry.” He bent and placed a tender kiss to his wife’s cheek, the woman’s fair skin flushing under his attentions.
The man appeared before her, a sad smile on his handsome but haggard face. His larger hand covered hers. “
Without waiting for him to open the door, the detective threw the van door open and allowed his younger sibling to hop in. He followed, any thought of privacy gone in his excitement to get at the bit of information that his younger sibling was able to garner from the crime scene before them.
“Well,” John’s weariness was pushed to the background as his thirteen year old tugged him towards the kitchen and the table laden with her labors. “I guess we should eat, then.”
Crouching, he inhaled slowly through his nose and let go. His innards shifted first, twisting about within his chest cavity and abdomen before his bones began to break. It was no longer painful, and the entire process took less than a minute on nights like tonight, but he still released his breath in a soft whine, counteracting the ache that coated his entire body. Everything sharpened, except color, which dulled, and, finally, he was standing on the carpet, his claws digging into the fibers and his ears catching the final moments of his brother’s, and nearly five hundred other Wolves’, shifts.
“If I can’t let my guilt eat away at me, then you cannot let it happen either, Mycroft.” His eyes latched on the older man’s pair, noting the distinct redness about the edges. “Our secrets can still be exposed through you.”
Sherlock’s back stiffened slightly before the man murmured, “Thank God, Sherrinford. Get in here.”
“Simple arithmetic.” Sherlock emphasized the ‘kuh.’
A cursory sniff of the air told him that the house staff had been dismissed in the morning, their steps leaving en masse from the front door for three days. The flowers were in varying stages of bloom, the gardener was getting lazy (and old) and simply couldn’t (or didn’t want to) keep up. There was a brace of rabbits nearby. He made a note of the direction for later - they’d make a great snack.
“My entire life,” his youngest sibling intoned softly, his face kind. “It’s been what, fourteen years, Sherlock?”
“He ordered your hit,” the statesman reasoned, his nemesis’ need to create holding centers and his prompt action against Sherrinford’s plea making more sense, puzzle pieces flying into place.
, he noted,
His footsteps followed his nose through the kitchen (where he startled the cook), and into the dining room. His niece and nephew, still in their school uniforms, were seated at the table poking one another in the ribs, each jab harder than the last. “Well hello!” he said happily, glad to see the two troublemakers, “How are you both?”
“And with that, we should go,” the soldier stated, waving the other man’s inattention away. “Let’s check on Imogen.”
“Thank you. It’s Mycroft’s,” he replied, gesturing the man forward. “Let’s meet him in the study.”
John Watson had gotten some of his color back; for that he was grateful. The wound had also begun to heal, not as rapidly as if he were transitioning, but not as slowly as he would have liked. It was far from human. And therein lay the problem. Wolf bites, when not acted on by the Moon’s power, were painful and achy and notoriously prone to infection. It’d leave a beastly scar from it’s faster-than-average healing, and, due to it’s horrid location, could cause movement problems in the joint. T
, he noted, scribbling it on his notepad before raising his eyes to see a panting, dull brown Wolf scrambling to it’s paws, nostrils wide.
He paused at the door, waiting for the new father to give him permission to enter. Mycroft, while one of the lower members on the Pack totem pole, had the right, as the parent, to deny him entry or access to the twins.
“Why, thank you, Brother Dear,” the statesman said, a hint of pride in his voice, “Two more boys: Benedict Marlow and Thomas Olivier. We would like the...Pack Alpha...to welcome them to the family before Mummy and Father arrive from the country.”
He swallowed, shifting his gaze to the fine French carpeting at his feet and tipping his head to the left. “There is something that I think you will want to know,” he murmured, biting his lips anxiously.
until that killer is brought to justice!”
Between her husband and his youngest brother, she was able to get back to the master suite. Upon reaching the door, Sherrinford stopped, opting to lay just outside, his ears twitching, always listening even as his eyes focused on her. She was grateful that the younger man had decided to remain outside. She was not going to be wearing too many articles of clothing very soon and he was protecting her modesty.
Her great-uncle’s mansion loomed before them. She drew closer to Sherrinford, needing his warmth to remind her that everything was going to turn out just fine. He pressed his nose back into her ponytail, inhaling deeply.
, he berated himself.
“Good! Good! Evy….stop!” The little ginger boy’s face was turning beet red, so she stopped, blowing a raspberry on his stomach before relaxing and leaning back on her forearms.
Uncontrollably happy, the officer tossed his head back in a full howl before running about the gymnasium in sheer joy. Lestrade released a proud whoop himself before kneeling, his knees cracking, and offering Eddington his hand. “Congratulations, Eddington! Good man!”
The flash of a camera bulb made her look away from her newest children and up at her husband. “They’re beautiful, Molly,” Mycroft murmured, moving to sit on the edge of their bed with a tired sigh. He stroked one of the twin’s hairy heads with a soft smile, his sentiment showing.
“We’re studying modern history,” the girl said, taking a bite out of her bread before swallowing and continuing. “We’re going to begin to learn about Uncle Mycroft’s Law.”
The sound roused someone, however, and the detective smirked, listening to the thud of frustrated footsteps on the stairs. The door to 221B swung open. Not looking, his nose was surprised to scent his brother instead of his mate. “Sherrinford,” he intoned, not missing a beat, “Phone.”
Unable to stop his instinct to comfort and protect, he crossed the small kitchen and pulled the small body into his arms. “Evelyn. Your Uncle Mycroft is never going to let any of those things happen. Besides, if they did, no one knows about any of us. Mycroft and his position in the Government are to thank for that. If we’re taken away, nothing can hold me. I’ll get us out and back to you. If your father loses his job, I am independently wealthy, everything will be taken care of. Sherrinford is a British citizen - he won’t be deported. Euthanasia is illegal and we look like humans for most of the month. They can’t legally put us to sleep like dogs.” The girl was crying in earnest now, her body wracking with sobs.
, she noted,
The question was an innocent one but it opened some old wounds.
After Evelyn had gone to bed, her favorite stuffed animal that looked like Sherlock tucked in her arms, the three men sat at the dinner table with cups of tea grasped in their hands. The couple (
). His bright blue eyes turned then to John, whom he greeted heartily with a hand shake and a light head tilt.
His clothing, a robe really, was stacked just inside the backdoor that led to the garden. Along the wall to the mudroom, across from the door that led to the garden and beside the door that led to the rest of the house, was the extra mattress, still smelling faintly of Sherrinford. He had brought his comforter from 221B, expecting it to become ruined in the out of doors, but was secretly glad he could leave it inside, folded on the mattress instead. Easier to clean that way. Completing the room were two large bowls of water and a package of bottled water and beef jerky for John. They were complemented by the pair of bowls just outside the door on the stone patio.
“Hampsted.”
“It’s Uncle Shock.” Lucy’s educated guess surprised him. She had obviously inherited some of the family’s extreme intelligence. Mycroft would be proud.
“His name is Thomas,” he stated, smiling softly at the sight.
The children immediately launched into their lives, talking over, around, and through each other with such delight that he could only smile and try to absorb everything he could. Eventually, his sibling and his turbid wife joined them, Molly sliding down into a well-cushioned chair, her husband adjusting her pillows and propping her feet as the woman flinched. “Mum?” Lucy asked, her eyes clouding with worry, “Are you alright?”
“Of course, Brother Dear,” the British government stated, tilting his head as he looked at him fixedly. “How is the case coming?”
) and raised his head to look at the other man in his eyes before grinning, his tongue lolling out in a pant. Licking his Mate, he cuddled into him further, trying to show the other man that he had feelings for him, too. Feelings that he had tried to suppress but was failing to after all these years. “I know you do, Sherlock,” John murmured, scratching behind one of his ears (Sending his leg that was dangling off the arm chair shaking). “I’m just afraid. I’m not gay…right? And what about Evy? What would everyone else think?”
“Something is bothering you.” It was a statement and not a question.
. He knew that it was lie. More so now than ever before. He needed John and Evelyn, his Pack and his siblings. Even Mycroft in all his insufferable glory was important to him. He could not imagine life without any of them, and he knew that he would let his sentiment rule his actions over the next few days.
Click.
The teacher smiled brightly, her exposed teeth not even setting him on edge like it usually did. “I would like that,” she murmured.
The Wolf’s tail wagged more, his tongue lolling out jovially. “Alright,” he replied with a smile, “I’ll see you later, Isaac.”
“Yes,” he smiled, “Would you like to meet them all?”
“She will. You know it and I know it. All thanks to my idiot brothers.” He shook his head before admitting something he’d never say again. “I’m afraid, John.”
The flashbulbs that greeted them were blinding. Sherrinford cowered beside him, his massive body pressing against his leg, no doubt covering it with fur. Unable to stop himself, and maybe to drive his own thoughts on Lupus sapiens, their rights, and their humanity, he placed a hand on his youngest brother’s wedge-shaped head, ruffling and tugging at his ears.
Tossing the device back onto the couch, he traversed the living room back to his chair and threw himself into it. Regathering his laptop, he continued to search, knowing that he probably wouldn’t find anything. It simply wasn’t public knowledge. It certainly wasn’t Scotland Yard knowledge.
“So he’ll be alright?” he asked, for once not entirely sure.
It wasn’t hard to find the Recovery Room. It was flooded with curious hospital staff, all trying to catch a glimpse on the infamous Sherrinford Holmes. The young man was still asleep, a faint snore exiting his parted jaws, his tongue lolling out until it hit the muzzle. Sherlock cocked an eyebrow but said nothing. The man’s right shoulder and part of his neck and chest were wrapped in white bandage, the right foreleg bound up against his chest to promote the proper set of the bone. The bleeding had stopped (Thanks to his sibling’s inhuman healing rate) and the wound would be nearly invisible to the untrained eye by the morning but the bones would take at least a week to fully heal, if not longer.
Sherlock crushed out his cigarette in the now very full ashtray. It gave one last wisp of smoke before it died entirely, the smell of the tobacco dissipating in the air around them. “No, I can say with full honesty that my adult years have perhaps been the best of my life.”
“How did you do it?” He looked up, meeting the man's eyes, but he remained silent. “You're an old man. How did you kill them?”
“Yeah, sure, Baker Street.” Even as he said it, the man could stand the blood loss no longer, and John watched the light fade from his eyes as the man's hand slipped away from his.
“No, if you say that's the case, I'll believe you. I'm just curious. It's an odd setup.”
one. No one pays enough attention to get the point at all. You're all so busy quoting the sentimental stanzas that you ignore the thesis of the final lines.” Sherlock slipped his phone into his pocket and rested his arms on his knees, head in hands rubbing at eyes tired from staring at a blank white screen most of the night before. The mental fatigue had been brutal this week. He could have sworn he was on the verge of something, so close to breaking through, but it had turned out that the ice was miles deep instead of inches.
John knelt down beside him, trying to get a good look at the original injury.
“I assume he's fine,” Sherlock said, without raising his eyes from his slide. “Why do you ask? You see him often enough to ask him yourself.”
The search for information about John Watson had been equally futile. He had hoped that the internet would be able to provide more information than the blurb on the dust jacket had, but details about the author were notably sparse no matter where he looked. No details about his early days except the same note of him being from Somerset. There was a fair bit about his military service, but nothing about his family or personal life. Yet somehow, this man had cultivated his public image in such a way that his fans viewed him as family and felt like they knew him. He had an easy charm in his interviews that made him seem so personable, but Sherlock noticed that mostly his answers seemed designed to keep everyone safely at arm's length. Certain topics he avoided more than others. Any questions about his youth were immediately and skillfully redirected into another avenue of discussion, so expertly that the interviewers didn't seem to realize they'd been played. Questions about the military he answered, unless they were questions about the actual people he served with. Unlike most military men he seemed reluctant to talk about other soldiers he knew, giving no sentimental tales of brothers in arms and rescues and miracles. But he talked very casually about some of the terrible things he saw, as if the deaths and bombings didn't seem nearly as emotionally demanding as simple questions about his favorite movie or whether he was married or whether he came from a large family or – god forbid – questions about why he chose the subject matter he chose.
Surely it wasn't as bad as he thought it was. Surely John was used to him rattling off seemingly unrelated facts by now. That was fairly normal behavior, right?
And John Watson was the final proof.
John held his hand over the print, comparing. “Government mutt?”
. I don't know. I think it might have been a disaster.”
“You know, there was a pathologist who came into the labs while I was talking to that friend of yours. I wonder if she could get me some human remains. The refrigerator looks large enough to store them.”
John wanted her out of there, didn't want her to ever meet Sherlock. He wanted this untainted, untouched, never sullied by her presence in these rooms. All he could think of was the quickest way to make her leave so he could catch a few hours of light sleep in their bed.
Sherlock could draw him so easily, but he couldn't sculpt him. Why was it so much more difficult? It wasn't as if he didn't know every detail of his face and body. Sherlock was even beginning to feel like he had a better grip on The Man than he did on himself.
“Am I happy?”
They froze, their gaze turning downriver where Jim Moriarty stood holding a bow, its arrow pointed at John. He was backed by the distant roar of the falls behind him, an elaborate backdrop in the masquerade.
His relief that Sherlock's logic was so straightforward only lasted for a few seconds when he remembered the painting stashed in his room, his artistic security. If this man, this stranger, could read him so easily despite his efforts to appear calm and well-adjusted, what else could he see?
, has a more modern feel to it.
“They think a teenager murdered another kid?”
, mattered more than anything else in his life had. But surely John wasn't thinking the same thing. There was some type of interest there, yes, but Sherlock imagined it was the same style of interest that people reserved for medical curiosities and sideshows. A bizarre puzzle in a coat and scarf, and gloved hands holding out tiny love stories. John Watson was a rational man, surely as thorough and calculating as his books were.
Sherlock reached up to the top of John's shirt and undid the top button. He pushed the material to one side and John saw his eyes suddenly grow pensive. The detective ran his hand along John's shoulder, right below his collarbone, and then John understood. He looked down and saw the familiar long fingers tracing the remnants of the gunshot wound, like someone reading braille for the first time after going blind.
“...If you insist.”
“Whatever you have to tell yourself, darling.”
She laid a hand on his shoulder. “John, I know you want to save everyone, to fix things. But some things can't be fixed, and you can't protect every person in the District, as much as you try to. All we can do is keep fighting to the best of our abilities until we can escape.”
was, insinuating that they were partners in crime despite John's pristine military record. Sherlock tore into the man, likely would have grabbed him by his clothes and shaken him had John not pulled him back.
“Why do you say that?”
Sherlock held the book above his head, the cover displayed for all the eyes that had turned to him. “Harry?”
The following evening, when John returned home, he ran into Mrs. Hudson in the downstairs hall, and once again she inquired after Sherlock. When she asked again if she should open up the upstairs bedroom, John just said, “No. No reason to.”
“No, they don't,” he said, even though he had deliberately avoided talking about it to anyone at all. But she did seem so completely relieved that he couldn't bring himself to not continue talking to her.
It was more than world enough for him.
When the cab dropped him back off at the hotel, he felt drained and miserable, and was clinging to sanity by texting Sherlock about mundane things. It was still relatively early in the day; he wished it was midnight so all the people would go away.
I ignored him and pulled out a cigarette, hoping the nicotine would calm me down enough to get me through the rest of the evening.
"Hmm?" He tried to sound disinterested.
The growls surrounded them as they crashed through the forest, a trick of the way the sound carried, making it sound like there were hundreds of hounds at their heels. They stumbled through the woods, trying to find their way, but really just running blind. More than once they had to grab on to each other to stabilize themselves.
"John?"
"Great. Just great." John couldn't help but feel a little annoyed that he was lying in a hospital bed for nothing. "How much longer will I be stuck in here?"
His pride wanted to ignore every handout from his brother, and while he disliked the set up, it was better than starving to death.
But she was a puzzle, and Sherlock loved puzzles.
“What is this thing, Dr. Watson? How do they put entire worlds inside this box?” Sherlock walked closer to the television, his finger reaching out for the “on” button. John reached out and grabbed his arm.
“Yes, of course.” He could barely get the words out at all.
Neither of them spoke as John glanced between Sherlock and the book, slowly uncapping his pen.
“But not the worst day of your life.”
John's hand on his arm, and then on his face, his thumb brushing over Sherlock's cheek. John pulled back just enough to look him in the eye and say, “Some act.” He smirked, drawing a small smile from Sherlock before he closed the distance again.
“Who did you get it for?” John asked from behind him. Sherlock turned to find John glancing around the room, taking in even the strangest aspects of his décor with cool detachment. At least one of them was succeeding at nonchalance.
“There is poetry literally written about genocide and hate crimes and you're telling me that love poetry is the painful genre? Are you serious?”
“Not in the slightest.”
Then he realized that there was no guarantee how long this would last.
Felix sat back in his seat, growing calmer, less bubbly. “My brother died, years ago. But I still go put flowers on his grave fairly often. And I kept seeing him at another grave. There weren't usually a lot of other people out there – I went early in the morning specifically to avoid any crowds after funerals, things like that – but he always was. Could set a watch by him after a while. One day I just decided to talk to him, asked if the guy whose grave he was in front of was a brother, son, whatever. And he just said, 'No, a soldier.' And when I asked him more, he seemed surprised that I didn't know who he was.”
going to be staying?”
“It wouldn't have been my first risky, stupid decision,” John said, pulling off his own gloves and shoving them in his pockets.
John grinned, taking it. “I'll do my best.”
There was a corpse in front of him. Sherlock's corpse, laid out on the ground in that big gray coat. No, that couldn't be real. They wouldn't have let him wear that into the arena. The body was rotted, the face pale. Weren't they supposed to remove the dead from the arena? They weren't supposed to be left to rot. So why was Sherlock's body at his feet, and how could he make it go away?
"You had me bloody worried, you know that! You weren't answering your damn phone! Did you not go to the hospital? We're going."
“Doesn't any of this seem a little odd to you?”
He walked over, but looked over his shoulder at the microscope. “Yes?”
"Why?"
In the middle of the day, when their water ran out, John offered to make the next run. He found the stream easily enough, filling Molly's bottle, and walking slowly back to their spot. What was he going to do? He would have to ask Molly where exactly in the woods they were, so he would have some sort of idea of where he should go. The last thing he wanted was to accidentally wander back into the minefields.
Sherlock expected the shadows to change again and grow darker on his face, but instead he laughed, glancing down the street. And it was only then that Sherlock saw what he'd been holding so gingerly in his hand.
“Who?”
An Italian restaurant, late at night and still with its tiny candles and window seats. Sherlock sat with a plate of untouched food across from John. There had been a moment where the restaurant owner recognized the new guest, and he paused to say what a fan he was, and Sherlock had only held his breath praying that he wouldn't bring up that Sherlock was a writer, too.
