But he had panic attacks. He had panic attacks every day. He mostly knew when they were about to happen - the way his pulse increased, the claw gripping his throat, the pressure in his chest -, so he made excuses to go sit in the toilet or his room, or any other room where surveillance was minimum or nonexistent. They left him weak, sweaty. He felt hot when he was struggling to catch his breath, but as soon as he anchored himself in the room he was in, he was left feeling cold and lonely. They asked him sometimes if he was okay and he nodded; even if they didn’t believe him, they let him be. He appreciated that.
Steve did as he was told, too tired and spent to argue. He kissed the remnants of the most glorious blowjob in history off Tony’s face, the specks of come and spit that escaped as he was too busy
On the one hand, the political leaders were showing willingness to adhere to regulations regarding corruption and public spending, on the other hand, they were proving investments by subsidiaries of Stark Industries and Maria Stark Foundation went where they were meant to. Pepper had been adamant about the development of domestic abuse shelters and creating support networks for children orphaned by the fighting and uprisings. Besides, they wanted to showcase the three Avengers to their people, who were wary of their ulterior motives. But the Avengers were a safe bet, especially these three, with their looks and technology and history. The people trusted them, and now they got to see them in person.
- kitchen. Steve couldn’t help the thought that even his toes were cute, the way he was rocking back on his heels, all excited and happy.
Five. “Thor’s got the most infectious good mood.” Six. “Maria Hill is so gentle she can call cats over and they’ll come.” Shot. Seven. “Bucky covered me with a blanket when he thought I was sleeping and thanked me for fixing his arm and I am so glad we fought for him.”
Steve wasn't sure if it counted as a birthday present, but seeing and having Tony like that was an experience in itself.
Tony smiled at him fondly, playing with the hair at the back of his head. “Can I be bothered to change?”
Steve chuckled because, honestly, he had to. “Yeah, yeah, I get that. I really do. I’ve been despairing for months over how much I’m not good enough for you.”
“How about 20 questions?” Steve offered. “We used to play it back in the war. It got progressively more vulgar the drunker everyone got.” Nat laughed and pointed at Tony with the hand that held her now empty jug. “Yeah, you’re right. It was the French names for sex acts that signalled they were officially too gone.”
“I’ve worked it out, it uses a fraction of its power and I have this really handy stand for these babies.” He grabbed a suit torso, dropped it in the middle of the oven and gingerly placed the tray on it. “Friday, nine minutes starting… now!” He shut the door and turned to Steve.
Justin downed his drink and wiped at the corner of his mouth with a practiced gesture. Steve’s urge to punch something was rapidly concentrating on a singular target. “It wasn’t easy, I’ll let you know. I had to rely on a date, can you imagine? In this day and age to have to rely on a date?” He looked around, eyes slightly unfocused. “Ah, there she is!”
It wasn’t him, but it was. He looked sinful, with his arched back and his cock jutting out as it was being pulled by the belt. “Oh,” was all he could say. The vain part of his brain he would never fully admit to crowed gleefully. He was beautiful, all for Tony.
Thor’s face lit up and he brought his hands together as he did before a fist fight. “Ah! Of course, it makes sense now. So, a competition,” he said and Steve knew that look.
Among the sound of high heels tapping on the marble floors, he knew Natasha’s as soon as she walked in. It was either a deep knowledge of who she was, the way she carried herself, the way she walked and the pressure she used in her steps, or he was officially insane and should just be locked away with Netflix and Youtube.
The first time he was left speechless by how attractive Tony was, it felt a lot like being hit by a train. Steve didn’t have the best track record with trains. (Ha!
“Well, it’s not like we can do crosswords in front of them,” Tony offered, the last couple of words slurred by a huge yawn.
“Steeeve,” he heard Tony whine, still rubbing at the marks on the cabinet, trying to come to terms with the reality that the suite they were currently sharing housed an old massive tv until very recently.
for needing this much. They mocked him for the way warmth bloomed under Tony’s careful caresses. They mocked his feelings for the man, the way he was greedily taking all this pity and turning it into meaningful actions.
Tony allowed the slight change of subject. “He said that I should make sure you know I’m actually into you. That you seemed worried. Oh, and to tell me that if I hurt you he would dismember me and my bots,” he replied casually.
Emboldened by the needy tone, Steve pushed the blanket all the way to Tony’s feet, laughing at the way the man kicked at it to free his legs. He was hard, Steve noticed in the dim light. Hard and leaking and
Then promptly blushed and groaned out loud, instantly regretting it when it brought attention to himself. Natasha had the audacity to laugh, and he saw the twitch of her finger as she stopped it from pointing at him rudely. “You okay there, Cap?” she asked, just in case there was anyone left unaware of his embarrassment.
He seemed reluctant to let go out the goat, but Steve put his arms out and Tony transferred it to him. “Fine! Fine, I’ll do it.” He allowed Steve to shepherd him to the back of an ambulance where he sat down and crossed his arms petulantly. “But I don’t like this. Ah, great.”
Of course he’d flown before. He’d jumped out of several planes and such. He’d used a parachute, he’d even flown with Tony. But nothing he had ever experienced, not even being reborn with full-capacity lungs and an imposing frame felt like this. It was somehow better than he’d ever imagined, as close to freely flying to his heart’s desire as possible. To be in Tony’s arms, whose words rang in his ears, accompanied by the howling of the wind that came with their speed. To be protected but liberated at the same time. To be accepted and to have his wishes granted. To feel the strength of Tony’s arms, even as they were clad in metal - the suit an extension of the man, not a replacement.
“We’re among friends, it’s not like I’m daring you to take photos half naked squeezing a wet sponge over your chest.”
Jane put both her hands up, Maria joined her with one. Darcy’s finger lift up. Thor put one of his hands up and the other snaked around Jane’s shoulders. Steve couldn’t even begin to think about their sex life. Mostly because it was wrong to give it that much thought, but also because he wouldn’t even know where to start. To his surprise, Bucky put his hand up.
Steve paused for effect. “Someday, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me.”
“What would you like to know, darling?” Despite the full sentence, Tony was far from being fully coherent. Steve could see the way his eyes were glossed over with lust, the beads of sweat on his forehead.
“Oh? Oh, sure! Mi casa es su casa! I mean, even more so than you owning a part of it and living here. I mean - yeah, go for it.”
The problem wasn’t the movie itself. The movie was just fine, funny at times and entertaining to watch. The problem was Steve and his flashes of panic, building up in his chest every time some imagery of lava and fire came on screen. Not even Tony rummaging in the bowl on his lap could take his mind off it. It was impossible for him to control the thoughts invading his mind, particularly the ones about Tony being in danger of burning alive. He made it through somehow, clenching his jaw and his fists, focusing on his breathing. At some point Tony asked if he was okay, and he nodded because opening his mouth to reply would have been dangerous.
The country remains unnamed on purpose, partly because I don't want to shift focus to an existing country, and also because I lack the patience to invent a brand new country in Eastern Europe. But! Fun fact: I am Eastern European, every bit of specific description is very much rooted in things that actually exist. The fish is real.
Thor helped once more. “Loki, is that you?” he asked again, prodding Bennu gently. She bleated. “What? I don’t understand what — oh, wait.” He kneeled on the floor and shut his eyes, holding his throat with one large hand. It took a couple of seconds, then he refocused on the room. When he opened his mouth again, a soft bleat came out.
Natasha tutted and sat down on the arm of the sofa. “Wanda, where’s Pietro?” The young girl visibly bristled and a spike of magic lashed out from her fingers.
Steve still couldn’t move his head, and he couldn’t ask any of the questions that were bombarding his mind. The hand moved again, and this time he felt the fingers pat the outline of his dick. His breath hitched. The room dissolved and he was now sitting at a desk, his wrists free, wearing a shirt and a tie, looking towards faceless people who were saying things he didn’t understand.
“You are the most obnoxious person I have ever met. And I grew up with Bucky, was friends with your dad,
Clint fidgeted with the nerf gun. “I was trying to lighten up the mood,” he explained. “And to crack a joke cause he let you call me and fuck with me the other day.”
Tony moaned when Steve found his semi-hard dick and fondled it, desperate to reciprocate. “I remember looking at you then, your eyes… But I didn’t think that was for me.”
And if the feet-penis ratio was legit, how big was Steve’s soldier? That was an exact headline; it had been framed and glued to the lift mirror for weeks. Steve took to not checking if his shirt collar was crooked or not.
“Mood, yeah I know. I heard you the first fifteen times. Come on kid, I’ll get someone downstairs so you don’t have to see him right now? How’s that?”
her birthday party. And on top of that, Steve genuinely cared for her and wanted her to have a good time. And she was terrifying. So unless she instigated some group brawl, that was not an option.
“Enough! Come on, help me out here,” Steve whined. He was also certain Nat had been about to out him and his ginormous crush to Tony. “Do I need to know who Margaret is?” Would he want to? Because it was Tony who mentioned her and his poor heart couldn’t take it.
He brought her hand up for a light kiss. “You look marvellous as always,” he said. “Now let me have a look.”
It made his head swim with the intensity. He felt fingers run from the middle of his chest, up to circle his throat, squeezing briefly. Then he felt them cupping his cheek, felt the pull of the leather around his cock. Then finally, the fingers were at his lips and he pushed his tongue out.
“Oh, Steve!” This time he did for his cock, grabbing it through his jeans. Steve could make out the rough outline of his erection, highlighted by the way Tony pulled at the fabric with his movement.
Discovering Bennu was with them in the plane had been a surprise. Steve figured he must have been too distracted to notice the bag Tony was carrying. Because in hindsight, when the bag bleated from the chair opposite the man, the mesh panel on its side was obvious. He looked up at Tony.
wanted to get drunk before he punched someone for being stubborn and impossible. Bruce. Before he punched Bruce and got him to Hulk out and Steve was going to stop that train of thought right there. Trains. God damn it.
“Yeah, I know. I’m worried maybe you don’t think I’m actually into you. And I’m having trouble finding ways to tell you, but I’m gonna try.”
“The kiss, Natasha was it bad?” he whisper shouted over the applause around them. Tony promptly spat his drink in what would later be dubbed the kerfuffle of the trip. The cameras were on Steve, because of course they were and Tony was next to Steve because of course he was. So when he accidentally bathed their side of the table in a surprised doubletake, Steve knew everyone back home went apeshit. He got up, smiling benevolently at Tony who was looking up in horrified surprise at him.
Steve was in awe, but he also felt slightly lost. With the object of his overprotectiveness gone, his proximity to Justin Hammer was not only peculiar, but also a bit disturbing. He frowned at the man one more time for good measure and went to join Thor and Jane at a table.
“What happened next?” he asked, twisting his hand on the lower part of Steve’s dick while sucking the tip in earnest.
“Yes, I do. But I want you to tell me.” He almost pulled out completely, then stopped altogether, teasing Steve’s rim. “It’s me, you can tell me, Steve,” he whispered encouragingly before wrapping his lips on Steve’s dick once more.
Peter had moved in temporarily to help Tony with the new set of prosthetics wheels for Bennu. He had a room in the tower and everything, but he often preferred to go home to spend time with his aunt. Tony’s flirting by proxy was still all over the place regarding May, and Steve did his best to not let it get to him. Most of the time he laughed at Peter’s inability to not cringe, but these days he felt sick every time Tony asked about his hot aunt. He took to caressing Bennu, who quickly became his favourite tower inhabitant. It was perhaps unfair to consider her a service pet of sorts, but she soothed his anxiety somewhat, and she seemed to enjoy the head scratches.
Tony’s grateful for his teammates. But he’s also worried by the resilience of the bots, by their numbers, he worries about Doom’s plan, he worries that Steve is actually jealous, he worries he’s not good enough, he worries he’s too old, too fucked up, too short, too manic. He worries as he flies around checking for damage and civilians, thinking all the scenarios in which Steve up and leaves, in which he’s left sitting alone in the middle of the bed.
“Almost eight now.” Then he remembered something. “Okay, are you comfortable shutting your eyes for a while? I promise you’re safe. I have a surprise and I need you to not see what it is until it’s ready. You can always open them if you feel trapped or anything.”
Steve couldn’t help the cheeky smile. “Yes,” he admitted, the defiance in his voice accidental, but fitting.
Steve suppressed the shamed-filled shudder than threatened to run through him. He cradled Tony’s head with his other hand. The man was pressing his lips to the inside of his elbow, alternating short licks and sweet kisses. His fingers entwined with Steve’s, pulling his arm out to have better access. “Your mouth…” Steve started, but lost the focus to continue.
Loosening Tony’s tie at the end of a day – or in an empty conference room once Friday switched off all the surveillance – was always a thrill. It felt like he was opening a present, and he took great pleasure in unveiling Tony’s neck, the tendon there tight as he bent his head to offer better access. And he could never help dropping at least a few kisses on the exposed skin, sometimes playful, other times wet and open-mouthed.
“Yeah?” The two fingers he was using to open Steve up were too gentle, too slow. “I want you to ride me. Here on the floor, want you fucking yourself on my cock.” He licked in between the scissoring fingers. “Wanna see you come on my chest and face.” Another finger, the burn was most welcome.
Tony’s head shot up. “No! Don’t be! Please. It’s okay, it’s not your fault. I told you to come to me when you need to and I’m glad you did.” He got up, pulled a chair from a nearby desk and sat down in it. He gently lifted Steve’s chin. “Wanna talk about it?”
“The mission went well, but we didn’t expect the immediate retaliation.” She sat down and gently lowered Thor on the floor. The tree was still hovering enveloped in her magic.
Steve could do nothing but follow the instructions. The rush he got from obeying Tony’s kind orders was unique, a thrill at potential praise and at the strength of their trust. He wished the hand on his cock was Tony’s, almost said so, but then the man used both hands to cup under his heavy balls, and he had to clench his fists to keep away from Tony’s hair.
Tony had started closing his eyes, pressing forward, when Steve pulled back. He sobered instantly. “I’m sorry, I couldn’t think of anything else to stop you from cursing at yourself so I thought shocking you would work — I mean not literally, although I do have a taser, but I doubt that would work and —“
He moved to the coffee machine in the corner of the living room. Steve joined him, managing to locate his pants. “Not that I would have said anything. But sometimes I had bouts of wishful thinking. Hence the plans.” He placed a cup of coffee in front of Steve.
But Barnes is dragging him and he finds himself go. He feels strong gusts of wind on his face, and he tries to cover his eyes. There’s a thought he could just hold the palm to his eyes, fire a whole through his head where Obie is howling gleefully.
He hears the loud clang of collision, the sound of metal falling in a heap on the street below. He catches Steve’s shield, uncertain what is happening.
It actually made him feel ill, the feeling of guilt and remorse relentless in its quest to push him to crying. And on top of fucking everything, it was his birthday and even if he made excuses for postponing the dinner, he would need to at least make an appearance. It was selfish to rob his family of the joy of wishing him well.
“I already said you’re right!” she said in an exasperated voice. “I hope we get to shoot something today.”
The other “good” articles were along the same lines. There were a couple of opinion pieces he found on Medium and CNN that were articulate and polite. They pointed out the mistakes in his approach, but offered praised for his ultimate goal. In the privacy of his mind, he was humbled and allowed himself to feel the tiniest bit of pride.
“Okay, fine, I’ll tell you. So – oh, yes, that!” Tony chuckled at Steve’s inability to stay focused and slowed his hand. “Why?” Steve whined, but continued talking when he received no reply. “I don’t know, Tony. Like when you were wearing the tux for New Year’s and we’d had that fight and –” He had to pause to swallow heavily as Tony’s hand twisted around the head. “And I looked up and you were there, in the spotlight and –”
“It’s morning and I want coffee and also I’ve known Steve longer,” Bucky replied. Steve felt himself tense. If they were going to get into a pissing contest over him while all he wanted was to kiss Tony, he was gonna cry. Actually gonna cry.
Trying to at least look normal, Steve lifted his hand to salute them and touched plastic. He forgot about the tiara
“What do you mean? We’re in your office, I sneaked in at lunch, and this is your first anniversary present. Happy anniversary, darling!” He moved to get his mouth back around Steve, but the Captain’s hands tightened in the scientist’s hair and kept him there.
“Steve, where did you go? Focus on my voice. Are you okay?” There was definitely concern in the voice, but then again Steve was kind of important to the team.
There was a long pause. Then he heard movement, then the door opened slowly and her eye made an appearance in the freshly created space. “Okay, but I hate it.”
Yeah, Steve knew that. It had been something they agreed on. To speak plainly, to request, to leave no room for interpretation and potential harm. It made sense, ambiguity led to uncertainty, uncertainty led to anxiety and overthinking. “Could you –,”he tried again. In all fairness, it was a good system. Which wasn’t surprising, not really. Tony was super smart and Steve was practical. So yeah, it was a good system. A safeword to stop, a codeword to start. Steve took a deep breath to steady himself. “I want you to own me.”
He’d tilted his head the tiniest bit to lock lips with Steve, then pressed enough that all Steve’s words died long before he even thought them. For the first time in a very long time, Steve’s mind was quiet. They were chest to chest, but none of them initiated more touch than that. And while it was a small victory, it also seemed perfunctory, even as Tony’s facial hair tickled Steve’s cheeks and chin, making his lower back tingle.
“For the love of god, we don’t even know if you were born or if you hatched from a large egg!” Tony exclaimed.
Steve rolled his eyes. “We’re replanting it at the Avengers Facility. I already emailed Martha and they’d be happy to help,” he replied and returned to the whiteboard.
Tony added another finger then, and the stretch was glorious. He hadn’t even noticed he was flinching until Tony slowed down and eventually pulled out. He lowered his head and licked Steve’s rim before tapping his thigh. “Turn around, darling, come on.”
“I’ll make sure to put on a show,” he said sitting down, trying hard for unimpressed and annoyed. That should definitely be the title of his autobiography if he ever decided to write it. Actually, a couple more words: frozen, frustrated, confused - the usual.
In his opinion, the only good thing to come out of it was that as stilted and unprofessional as his words were, they somehow empowered people to speak out against injustices. Investigative journalism took off once there was foreign involvement from NGOs and independent observers who had travelled to ensure the safety of anti-corruption movements.
Tony’s eyes flew open. He regarded Steve for a long second before kissing him. He was still shivering, no matter how tightly Steve held him. “Please don’t doubt yourself about anything sex related. Not with me, and I dislike the idea, but not with anyone else either. You’re sex on legs, Steve,” Tony chuckled. “And on top of that, you’re generous and fun and — fuck!” Steve shifted his thigh to rest in between Tony’s. “You did that on purpose.”
Steve had to clench his leg muscles to keep himself from walking up to Tony and kiss his face. This was new. This never happened in battle where Steve was focused solely on his team and their synergy. But Tony’s only body part that wasn’t obscured by flashy metal was his frowny face, and Steve had already established he was gone.
The man opens his mouth, then chuckles knowingly. “It’s too easy. But also, yes.” He shifts the shield on his back and grabs Tony’s hand. There’s a brief thought that Steve knows exactly what he’s doing, and that he’s perfectly aware his whispers still carry through the earpieces. It’s lost once Steve speaks. “You want me in the pink dress too?” he asks quietly. “Do you have a horse? You wanna use my long hair as a sex swing?”
He was up next, once the loud applause calmed down and he was introduced and subsequently invited to take the stage. He had to act quickly. He leaned forward to get the others’ attention. “Natasha, truth or dare?” he whispered.
“I would personally pay to see that,” Tony’s voice cut in their conversation as they stood by the bar.
“No!” she countered. “No! We have been fighting for this for months, doing whatever little we can to show it is fucked up, sorry!” And then more Russian, but angry this time and he recognised a couple of curse words. She seemed upset.
Rationally, he knew Tony had already seen him in a particularly pathetic state, he could mention it. He could. Except his mouth wouldn’t open more than a tiny bit to exhale deeply, and he couldn’t force words out through that. The cold travelled up on his shins, then it engulfed his thighs. He turned to face the back of the couch, hugging himself tightly, physically unable to make himself reach for the throw and cover the rest of his body.
Steve tried to understand, but somewhere between joking about building him a something and the oven, he’d lost the plot. “An oven? You mean like a box that heats things up and eventually cooks them? With the hot air, yeah?”
Tony pulled him into his body, shuffling towards the edge of the table to rub his feet on Steve’s damp thighs. “God, how?”
He nearly jumped out when he felt them, but the hands were pressing down on his thighs and he tried his best to be inconspicuous when he looked down. Tony was grinning at him, a finger quickly pressed to his lips. He made quick work of unzipping his trousers despite Steve’s best efforts to discreetly slap the wandering hands off. He felt his boxers being pulled down and actually gasped loudly when lips closed in on the head of his half hard dick.
“Pepper, just take the damn things away and we’re all going to be okay!” Tony shouted and Steve reacted by holding his new clothes tighter.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Or you could, you know, talk to me like a normal person instead of being irritating and making me want to… I don’t know, but it would involve pain.”
He came to afraid he’d dreamt the whole thing. His brain was capable of fucking him over like that, so he was prepared to open his eyes and see the empty side of the bed. But the warmth was there by him, and so was the faint blue glow escaping from under fluffy cover. He kissed Tony’s forehead sleepily. There was no way he would go back to sleep once he’d realised reality was so much better. He shifted on his side to better watch the peaceful man next to him.
Cap. Come on, bud! Get with the program. Okay, use the human-safe cold. Wait, let me check it. Yeah, okay. Right on these. Gently… a bit more… there you go! Well done, Dum Dum!”
Steve nodded. He dragged a foot forward, scared he’d topple. Tony moved to his side, letting him lean on him heavily. Together, they made it to the sofa and Steve stupidly let himself plop down, fighting a serious case of whiplash. He refused to vomit in the lab, so he clenched his jaw and hunched over, putting his head between his knees.
Steve propped himself up. “Tony, what brought this on? Don’t get me wrong, I’m all for being told… whatever it is you wanna tell me, but I don’t expect anything from you.” He sighed. “That came out wrong, I mean I don’t want you to be uncomfortable and —“
The day of the big reveal, Steve understood the ‘fit to work’. Tony walked in first, Peter in tow, followed by very quiet tiny steps. They had gathered in the kitchen for breakfast and stayed for the official reveal of the new member. Bennu walked into the kitchen on four legs, prompting Steve to gasp audibly.
“Tasha, you have to, I made coffee, come on. Don’t make me put on the serious voice,” he warned only half-joking.
Steve frowned but the room dissolved again and when it put itself back together, Tony was sprawled on the desk, his head hanging backwards off it. Steve watched in horror and fascination as his dick disappeared in the other man’s mouth rhythmically. He saw his throat bulge again and again as Tony swallowed his dick.
“You mean almost as goat as Goatzilla,” Steve tried. “Great, now you’ve got me doing it as well.” He passed Bennu to Tony, who was suddenly ridiculously active. “How do you do that?”
.” There was an undertone of playful mockery that Steve did not appreciate at all. He licked his dick once, then blew gently on it. “Fuck! You’re mean,” Tony proclaimed.
“I know absolutely no one who would suffer from that more than you. The way you get on those self-righteous lectures of yours. Honestly, three days might not be enough punishment. Why not a week? Is there coffee? Did you pack coffee for the road? Sighing does not construe effective communication.”
“One day, darling. One day I’ll lay you down and get the massage oil out and work out all the little kinks in your back and your thighs and — you like that thought?” he asked cheekily.
Steve grinned. “Yeah, yeah it was. Also, maybe I wanted to stay here and be a benevolent ruler with my amazing-slash-sometimes-horrible-yet-somehow-still-amazing friends.”
“Marry me,” Tony blurts as he circles his arms around Steve’s chest, entwining his fingers under the shield Steve holds in front of his chest.
Steve came with a shout. Tony’s throat fluttered around the tip of Steve’s cock. And the only connection Steve had with the real world anymore were the points where they touched. He didn’t know when he’d moved to pull at Tony’s hair, or when he’d clamped his thighs shut, when tears started running down his face. He didn’t even know when his orgasm hit, all he knew was pleasure and the love he carried for Tony. And as soon as the first subsided, he also knew that it was being replaced by shame.
For some bizarre reason – probably to abate his boredom, really – Tony decided to create yet another group chat. It said a lot about how passive the Avengers were on threatless mornings if they all started texting at the same time. Steve had dealt with group chats before, and he was proficient in turning off notifications and ignoring the inane shit they all sent when nothing else was happening. But his hands were gloved, and even if the cold was not that much of a problem to him, it was still a hassle.
Tony’s eyes narrowed. “You can’t lie to me, ice lolly!” Steve was terrified of that prospect. Tony assessed the situation, then plopped down in between Steve and Bucky. “This is potentially the safest I’ve ever been,” he announced with a smile.
Steve missed him as soon as he shut the bathroom door. It was stupid, he was perfectly aware. He decided to finally pay attention to the phone in his pocket, determined to try and keep his focus on something else. Their teammates had left them alone and Steve’s conclusion was that either they had been under repeated threats from Natasha, or Bucky hadn’t run his mouth, which overall was a wholesome sentiment, but he doubted it. He almost dropped his phone when it rang.
Steve had freed his boxer-clad erection out of the jeans’ confines. Tony seemed to like that a lot, given how he was currently jerking his hips upwards, unhappy with Steve’s limited touch. He wiggled out of the jeans when Steve prompted him to, then sat up a little. “Not that I’m not a fan of the way those pants showcase your cock, darling, but why are they still on?”
“Because you bought us…” He repeated incredulously. “Shut up, Steve, you dork.” But he was laughing as he pulled Steve to the bathroom. And he was smiling when he washed Steve’s hair and back and tender hole.
Tony’s entire body seemed to relax. “Oh, thank god.” He sat on the floor next to Steve’s legs, resting his forehead on the man’s knee. “You scared me good, Cap,” he said in a muffled voice from somewhere next to Steve’s leg.
It wasn’t like Tony said anything, but he was halfway through unwrapping the box - and this time he didn’t just tear at it like a savage. Steve wanted to go, maybe even to get the shield and bring it back, and he was sure there was something to do with the kids, but Tony took the lid off and gasped and Steve was rooted to the marble tiles he was standing on.
Too much. He’d said too much because he got comfortable. He’d underestimated how much he enjoyed Tony’s company. And now he’d basically come out and admitted that his main concern was Tony’s well being. No, this was absolutely great. Not mortifying or threatening to an already shaky friendship. The fireworks seemed to die down and Steve wondered if the colourful display was the closest he was going to get to being anything with Tony. Just that time, like stepping into a parallel universe where things weren’t horrible. And now that it was almost over, he would step back into his own universe, where he was a babbling idiot who could never overcome Tiny Steve. Tony was talking to him.
He woke up with a start, jolted right up on Tony’s sofa. The blankets pooled on his lap, the man’s t-shirt clung to him like second skin. Dum-E whirred cheerfully at him from the corner where Tony had instructed him to patrol. He had no idea how long he’d slept for, all he remembered was Tony caressing him, his face above Steve’s own, gentle and kind and –
The man smiled widely at Tony. “You know I don’t like to stay put for too long.” He turned to Steve. “I don’t believe we’ve met.”
There were murmurs around the room. Steve was actually afraid he’d fucked up beyond belief. Should have stayed in bed, soldier boy. “Please. I am not here –
“Ah, fuck that was funny.” He turned on his side and faced Steve once again, wiping tears from his face. “What, a man can’t slide into your bed without you questioning him?
he’s used to. But while the concern is heartwarming, it’s also slightly overbearing. “Look, I’m grateful you’re looking out for me but –”
Tony’s hand moved lower, over his own, and he pulled gently at the beads. Each one popping out of his clenching hole was a modicum of torture. Steve thought that perhaps he was crying, cradled on Tony’s forearm, with the man’s lips on his own, the man’s tongue on his own. He didn’t know if he was still coming or if he’d died or if he just existed in sweet purgatory, his head dipping under water every now and then and he was drowning, but he was gasping, but he was – “I love you,” he whispered in Tony’s chest, rubbing his cheek on the man’s nipple, further on the warmth of the arc reactor.
The hot water felt amazing. On the one hand, Tony had eased so much of his anxiety. What was left he’d pushed to the side, empowered by the man’s kind touch and heated kisses. The tension he felt had nothing to do with unfulfillment, and everything to do with the anticipation of being with Tony once more. He took his time indulging in Tony’s expensive toiletries, trying to formulate back-up plans to potential problems just in case.
Johnny Richards was unconscious as far as Steve could tell, trapped under an uprooted tree. He really wanted to believe the smear of red on his forehead was not blood. There were Doombots rushing to him, and Steve was too far away. Reed was coiled around several of them, his sister was under heavy fire, and Ben was caught in his own fight. He shouted for Wanda, but she was dodging attacks left and right, her hair cackling with magic. Steve was too far away, and even if Doom wouldn’t necessarily maim Johnny, it was still not a good scenario.
Steve nodded, once more uncertain he could trust his voice. Tony pulled back, taking his body’s warmth with him. There was a moment when he locked eyes with him that made Steve think he was going to kiss him. His heart felt like it stopped, but then he kept going, farther away from him, and Steve could breathe again.
“They probably will and they’ll probably get away with it. Assholes,” the doctor repeated her earlier insult.
“Yes, dear! On my way, dear! You know, if I’d sent this on an iPhone, the shortcut would be oh-em-double-u and it would look like I’m really excited, but in reality I’m just saying I’m gonna be there soon and – Hi babies!” He lands next to the twins, blasting away Doombots left and right. “I’m gonna be your ride out of here today.”
That settled it, he figured. His relationship was far from a battle, but he was grateful she still had his back regardless. Their backs. It didn’t do any good dwelling on who Natasha would pick for a favourite. Besides, he was pretty confident it would be him. Maybe. Perhaps not so confident. Either way, the important thing was that he had vast support from his teammates and friends, Tony was absolutely wonderful, he was head over heels in love with the man, and he was slowly but steadily learning to manage his angst and anxiety.
He watched Tony almost in slow-motion, the way he sucked on his cheeks to gather saliva, then the pucker of his mouth, the wet flesh parting a bit, the moisture there, and he couldn’t look away. Tony’s fingers parted slightly to make room and then finally let the spit dribble down on Steve’s waiting tongue. It felt foreign, both warm and cold, and so amazing. Tony pulled his fingers out, dragging them all the way to Steve’s nipple while pushing his mouth shut.
Drop me a line and let me know how you found it. Remember, if you don't have anything nice to say, make sure it's at least constructive. If it can't be constructive, shove it up your arse. Thanks for reading, much love xx
Bruce took the drink and sipped it slowly. Steve felt like he was caught in some odd power play between people who had more of a life than he did. He poured a shot of tequila and downed it just to adhere to their standards. Tony poured him another one.
For Bruce’s birthday they bought party hats and horns, sat down in the living room and played board games for the entire night. Tony bought inordinate amounts of Indian food and no one mentioned jelly dicks. Steve sighed happily when Clint swore he didn’t plan anything outrageous. The biggest surprise of the night was Bruce winning at poker. The process was hilarious, with Darcy on his side as a lucky charm after she lost. She put on a ridiculous accent and pouted and smirked at everyone. When Clint was out, he borrowed her lipstick and mirrored her behaviour. After enough tequila, they pulled a Marilyn Monroe doing Happy Birthday, and Natasha laughed harder than anyone’d ever seen her. Despite Steve’s miserable longing, they had a lot of fun and it seemed they were all getting closer; which was all Steve could hope for, really.
“Oh, it’s about your clothes.” He shook his head. “You know, the two sizes too small, match the sky blue colour of your eyes… the usual.”
“Captain Tantrum! You’re back!” Darcy shouted from Thor’s shoulders. “Come on, tell me what you need on this tree and I’ll sort it out for you on my mighty steed!”
So all in all, he was happy. But also nervous. Oh, so nervous. Increasingly so, as dinner progressed, even as Tony told him stories of his endless meetings with the suits, or of exciting brainstorming with MIT students. The food – tasty enough, it wasn’t something overly complicated, despite his boyfriend gushing over the flavours before moaning almost obscenely – he found it went down more difficult as time went on. The wine helped, and not for the first time he wished it would help with his nerves as well.
Steve was even more distrustful. He wasn’t certain where he had the brain power to analyse the man’s speech patterns – perhaps it was ingrained in his tactical views on things. Perhaps it was the obsessive side of his brain folding in on itself. He felt dizzy trying to process the implications of accents laid hard to convey the benign qualities of the conversation. “I don’t know if that would be good,” he tried, thinking about how it would look.
“I’m small again,” Steve whispered, unable to look away from Tony’s unmoving smile. The scientist’s mouth moved, but Steve couldn’t hear anything.
“Pathetic… technologically challenged… self-absorbed… asshole,” he said punctuating each insult with a blast. When he was done he landed next to Steve and shoved him. Hard. “Are you out of your goddamned mind?” he asked deathly calm. But there were no calm things in Steve’s life, so he was wary.
the whole thing. They published it, of course. He never sent the second letter, choosing to write it, delete it, and watch reruns of How It’s Made until morning, when he cooked breakfast for everyone and forced himself to smile and pretend everything was okay.
“You wonderful man.” Tony’s smile was brilliant. So was the open mouthed kiss he gave Steve, cupping his face and stepping closer, almost
When he was finally allowed to leave the room, his anticipation was palpable. He literally shook with excitement, although if it was for the holiday or for being anywhere else, Steve didn’t know.
,” Tony told him in a clearly adoring tone. “Can I, uhm?” he asked, gesturing towards the pool of their combined semen. After he watched him nod his consent, Tony gently pulled Steve’s fingers away from his mouth. He kissed them sweetly, then used his own to scoop more come. “Open,” he whispered, and Steve did.
And on top of that Tony’s snippets of flirting pierced Steve’s throat like assassin-grade darts. In one of the group chats someone sent a screenshot of Steve giving his speech and Tony replied in all caps “LOOK AT HOW AMAZING HE IS” and Steve’s little hopeful heart could not take it.
It occurred to him that Tony had been talking to him, kneeling next to where he was sitting on the ground. The goat was still in the man’s arms, struggling slightly, but soothed by the way Tony was petting it. “Steve, you with me? Steve? Darling, are you okay?”
Tony seemed to reconsider. “No, it’s too easy.” He looked around, then down at his phone. ”You know, these are really not bad photos of me. I’ve seen worse.”
When they joined Natasha, she was sprawled across the gaudy sofa, her legs draped over the back and the arm. She loosely held a remote as she switched the channels rapidly.
Tony stopped. Steve felt the dread seep in and he opened his mouth to start begging Tony to forget he’d said anything and keep fucking him with his perfect long calloused fingers when the man spoke. “Fuck me, I love you.”
She held on with surprising strength. “If you are true, Steve Rogers. If you are true you will win. And the fire will go away and you will get your loved one.”
“Oh, he’s up alright!” Tony shouted towards the door, presumably to Natasha, or the entirety of Manhattan. Steve was particularly happy with the sharp ‘ow, Clint!’ that followed.
gonna get mad in approximately four seconds if you don’t button that shirt up properly so I can do your bowtie,” she said and pulled him up from the sofa. “Who’s next?” she shouted looking around the room. There was a murmur of agreement, and rustling noises as people hurried to get everything done.
In between giggles, Tony finally finds wiggle room to intervene. “Leave him alone, guys. Doom interrupted our date.”
Tony smiled. “You wanna tell me about it? I want to know whatever it is that can make you blush like this.”
“Steve that’s rude,” Tony’s voice admonished. It came from another one of the people in the room, but it couldn’t have been because Tony was currently hollowing his cheeks around half of his dick while working his way lower on it.
“I would advise against that,” he said quietly. “If you value your face at all,” he added in a calm voice.
Natasha smirked. “You could make it go away completely if you wanted. And I doubt the person doing it is an idiot,” she added.
She nodded in understanding. “This is between the two of you, and I’m sure whatever it is you think you’ve done wasn’t intentional. He’ll be here tomorrow, you can talk to him then,” she said and hugged him briefly before she left.
The god damn fucking train hit him again, because Tony was so attractive it hurt. It actually physically hurt Steve how beautiful, how tender and loving this man was. And how utterly and disgustingly in love with him he was. Steve let himself sink to the ground, trying to catch his breath.
And good God, yes, Steve wanted to do it again. To know he brought himself closer to orgasm, and to pull himself away, tethered only by the toy, almost suspended on the armchair, ass out, hole hungry for cock for Tony’s cock and for the way it pounded into him and – he pushed the beads back in, and it felt like he was floating and the waves were lifting him up, then he would dip. He pulled them out slowly, had to force himself to go slow. Again, and again, and his other hand ghosted over his leaking cock, fearful of coming too soon, without being told, and what an amazing feeling that was, to come after he was allowed to, ordered to –
His foot jutted out under the tree kicking around to find the stand they’d bought. He had not thought this through at all. His head was burning with the silent rage. There was no reason for the ugly words, or the not-light-at-all quips, or the accusations. Steve only wanted to have a family for Christmas. Maybe with Tony’s attitude, it would feel just like home. There was a reason he had no particular memories about Christmas and would you look at that, even when he tried to make them happen, it wasn’t working.
Politics was dirty, and Steve just wanted to be helpful, not to rule and not to plunder a country’s heritage. Neither did he want to hijack the locals’ efforts and use them towards his own goals. Even if Steve’s goals were simple, none of the political bullshit he was thrown in. While he understood their necessity, he was also conflicted about sending the wrong message. Restless, if he had to pick a word for his current mood.
It was too much: the pompousness of it all added to Steve’s fatigue induced crankiness. The perpetual state of hyperawareness of Tony’s presence didn’t help, combined with how fake and politically driven it all was made him turn on his heel and walk towards one of the adjacent rooms.
She rolled her eyes at his antics, but agreed to forgo running with the circus for another time. “That was a fun mission,” she said randomly.
“I would like to touch you now,” Tony asked slowly. “And if you’re not okay with anything I’m doing I want you to tell me to stop, okay?”
“Your mouth, Steve — your mouth is so beautiful, look at you, God, I wish you could see yourself right now.” The more Steve took into his mouth, the more vocal Tony became. “I’ve been staring at those lips of yours… thinking of how they’d look wrapped around my dick… And hearing your voice in my ear all those times… fuck, yes!”
Steve could recognise the uncomfortable twitch in Tony’s temple. “I guess that’s okay,” he sighed in a fake casual voice. “Come here,” he smiled eventually. He pulled Tony up, on top of him. “Tony, we don’t
Tony’s eyes looked like they were welling up, so Steve cupped his cheek and moved away from the glowing light in the man’s chest. “No! I mean, I mean I don’t mind, I just… People aren’t overly fond of it, and I’m not overly fond of being an oddity of sorts, especially when I’m with someone I like so much. You’re free to touch it, if you want.”
He took it with a nod and didn’t even wince when it burned his tongue – it would heal in no time. It was Tony’s good blend, the one he kept for particularly rough days. “Does he know?”
They repositioned quickly, Tony settling down on the sofa, wine glass in hand, bottle nearby. He propped his feet up on the coffee table, where he’d put on his own show for Steve all those months before. He smirked as he wiggled his toes, and Steve fully embraced the groan he let out.
Steve moaned as the man pushed him down on the sofa. He went easily, distracted by the tongue currently flicking his left nipple. His hands flew up to gently fist in Tony’s hair. “I guess we’re even, I’ve been obsessing over that mouth of yours since Natasha’s birthday,” he managed to say through the panting.
The worst thing was when the cold started to seep into him. It seemed to spread to his very bones, then stay there for hours. He felt it like phantom cold, the same way he felt the phantom inability to breathe sometimes. The same way as before the serum, when he was in danger of an asthma attack every moment. It felt like what Bucky described pain.
His birthday was coming up, as Bucky felt the need to remind him one morning over breakfast. They spent the next three hours sparring quietly; it helped, but once that was over and Bucky had finished his post-session advice, Steve wanted to go nap.
“What, no apron?” Tony asked as he circled Steve slowly. He sighed as he settled his hand on Steve’s left hip, turning to pull him in an embrace.
And then there was the novelty of his plan. The exposure that came with the plan. The certainty of the plan’s success. The pleasure. The mental image of Tony’s hungry look. The plan itself.
For some, it was a bonding experience – see Jane and Thor. For others, it was an excellent story – see Rhodey and Pepper. For others, it was blatant flirting – see Darcy and Bruce (who was cocking his head to the side; and Steve was absolutely certain that Dr. Banner was the only person in the world to watch their love interest perform a lascivious sex act and find it adorable.)
As if he could be inconspicuous. “What? Yes, of course.” The look he received wasn’t reproachful, but curious. A bit wary maybe. A bit worried. “Everything’s fine,” he rushed to assure his boyfriend.
Tony grabbed on to the back of his thigh and held him there, tongue working mercilessly on his slit. Steve couldn’t take it, he couldn’t and he wouldn’t, so he allowed himself to come with a long and desperate moan. He could feel Tony swallow it all, making his dick twitch pathetically as the wet heat became entirely too much.
Tony looked at him for a long moment. “Sure. Oh, I got something better!” He rummaged in a drawer under a desk for a while and came back with a black t-shirt. “Here, it’s a bit loose for me but it should fit you at least more than a crop top would. It’s my lazy top,” he informed him quite proudly.
Happy holidays! I'm sorry if this time is rough for you, I'm sending you all my love and good thoughts. (My tumblr inbox is always open to any and all who need to vent or talk about anything. Pls reach out if you need someone to talk to.)
“I love you too, Steve.” A peck on the lips, one on the cheek. Then he resumed his earlier position, wine glass now full once more. The bulge in his jeans was unmistakable, especially when he fondled it briefly. “Show me, please.”
“Come on, you can do dishes tomorrow as well,” Tony said and started pulling at his shoulder and then tried to push him towards the door. “There are about eighteen mugs in my lab and at least six bowls you can wash if you feel like it. Tomorrow,” he added, and tried moving Steve again.
They were almost out of the room when the rustling noise got to Steve. His head snapped towards the tree and watched it fall in what was surely slow motion. “Wanda! Please!”
The silence was oddly not uncomfortable. Steve ended up getting coffee for himself and Tony would occasionally open the album at a random page and smile. It was a good feeling to have done something nice for someone he cared about.
The grip tightened, Tony pulled him even closer. “Come for me.” He spoke on Steve’s lips, right before plunging his tongue deep in Steve’s mouth.
“Yes?” he answered cooly. It was unfair to take it out on Tony, but seeing how everything sucked, Steve honestly didn’t care all that much.
There was a nasty gash running all the way from her elbow to her wrist. Her cheek was bruised, and he noticed the dark circles under her eyes. He was by her side immediately.
Tony was standing right there. The sun was shining partly on his face and partly from behind him, making it seem like he had a halo. He was smiling at Steve, that wide, close-mouthed grin he seemed to have reserved for Steve and coffee.
For the most part, they seemed to be okay, just shaken by whatever it was that happened. A group of teenagers stopped and explained something to him, but he couldn’t understand. He was about to get Natasha’s attention when one of the kids said “Iron Man” pointing towards the growing fire, and Steve bit the inside of his cheek.
Bucky shrugged. “Maybe not right now, but at least he’ll know you’re thinking about whatever it is you think you’ve done wrong. I mean, Peggy shot at you. And you couldn’t even text back then, so I’d call this an improvement.”
Darcy nodded solemnly and picked the end of the long strip. “Come on Thor, let’s run around the tree and make sure this gets
Tony opened his mouth, but Steve was quicker. “Okay, enough! All of you. Tony, shut up for a minute. Clint, I’m sorry you’re in pain and had to be annoyed by these two drunks. Now, if you calm down for a second,” he checked the time and continued, “ask Friday to get Bruce for you. He gets a sweet tooth when he’s stressed, so he might have an answer. There’s also the lab freezer, this one always hides stuff in there,” he pointed to Tony.
Clint beamed, perched on the back of the sofa as he tended to do in exciting times. “Man, it’d be great if we could get a revolving tree! Say, Cap, wanna take another trip and look for one of those revolving thingies?”
Tony shut his eyes briefly. There was conflict on his face; there always was when using such derogatory terms during sex. For a couple of seconds there was regret, then he must have remembered their conversations and negotiations. And he was back with Steve, ready and aroused. “The prettiest slut,” he whispered, caressing Steve’s cheek. “Look at you, so eager, so horny. You want me to give you my cock now?”
“I want to, Steve. I’ve been thinking about it for months, but I need to know this is okay. Is it, darling?”
It was met with protests, and Steve couldn’t help but wonder when exactly his life turned into playing sitcom with these people. He totally unequivocally loved it, if he were being honest. A sucker for sitcoms old and new, his mind reeling with analysing the evolution of the genre whenever he had a minute for trivial topics. So he rejoiced every time something happened to remind him of the tv shows.
“Why don’t I sort it out with Pepper and you go see your mom for New Year’s Eve? I’ll just fly myself back to the gala,” Steve said.
Tony was holding the stick in front of Steve’s face, looking straight ahead towards the people gathered next to the petting zoo. “You need the sugar,” he said simply.
The clench of his hole was completely involuntary. Steve was pretty sure so was Tony’s moan. He bent forward and spat filthily on his cock, unable to look anywhere else but at Tony biting his lips. He started stroking himself again, locking eyes with Tony. “God, I want you,” he sighed.
“Fuck’s sake, just put together two sandwiches and send them up to Tony’s,” he snapped, extremely happy Bucky couldn’t see him blushing. “Please,” he added grudgingly.
Once their dance was finished, Bucky put on a show of bending over Darcy’s hand and kissing it delicately. He offered his arm and led her to where their little group was gathered. Her fingers shot out towards Tony and she wiggled them in a silent plea for alcohol. Tony indulged her with a laugh.
“I thought you couldn’t get drunk, Buck. What is this, memory lane? You always did this and I had to listen to you for
They walked to where Clint was standing proudly admiring his work. Steve counted fifteen identical phalluses in various colours wobbling on the tray. He had a sudden urge to just go to bed. Maybe he
“Oh, I can take it! My safe word is Shakespeare,” he explained, eyes sparkling with something akin to mischief.
Steve let go reluctantly. He turned towards the door to see Peter with Shuri in tow, shepherded by a smirking Bucky.
She giggled loudly, reaching up to touch his face. The fact that he took a step back didn’t seem to deter her. “Ma’am! Oh, you’re so cute. Isn’t he, Tony?”
“I will if you don’t stop being one,” Steve said, reenacting a conversation they had almost daily since he could remember being friends. When they were not presumed dead.
The fifth time Steve was left speechless by how attractive Tony was, he was furiously wiping tears off his face. It hit his chest like an explosion, and it hurt just as much. It wasn’t even a matter of attractiveness anymore, not really. He opened his mouth and stayed like that, unable to form words and push them out.
He could have asked anything of him, all Steve wanted was for Tony to keep fucking him. He rolled over, groaning when his dick got trapped between his stomach and the bed. He thrusted into the sheets, unable to stop himself from searching the friction. He felt Tony’s hand descend on his buttcheek - mostly playfully, no real pain, but Steve almost came from that alone. “Don’t make me follow through on that over-the-knee promise.”
Steve was many things, including a savage from time to time, but he was not rude. He held her hand and spun her slowly, whistling in admiration. “You look absolutely beautiful, Pepper,” he said and kissed her knuckles softly.
Steve was quiet, because he knew that it would take longer. And on top of that and his lack of sleep and general lack of desire to be there he had to add deeply unsettling feelings of entitlement. Because Steve was aware of how this looked. Three white people, each with various degrees of success to showcase in their respective resumes. Yes, each fucked in the head in ways, but ultimately three white Americans who looked like they were on a saviour complex mission to bring Freedom to some unfortunate souls. Steve had never wanted anything more than to not be seen as such. He kept quiet, because Natasha would probably be understanding but eventually cutthroat in her reasoning that this was advisable over a potential power vacuum, while Tony would be mocking and defensive due to his unfortunate coping mechanisms. And Steve was mature enough that he could agree he shared some of said coping mechanisms.
She smiled. “Yes, like the cake. I’m sorry I couldn’t be with you sooner. Oh, I can come back later if I’m interrupting.”
“No, where have you been all my life?” Steve replied and just like that, he was able to breathe properly again. It should have been worrying how much Tony’s relaxed expression affected him, but right then and there Steve found other things that were troublesome.
The man shrugged. “I’m not sure. Maybe I’ll give it to the twins for their birthday, they laughed so much when they saw it.” Steve yawned again and Tony smiled gently. “You wanna sleep for a bit, Cap?”
“What? Yeah, yeah, I’m okay. Just thinking, that’s all.” He knew the lie wasn’t convincing, but it was all he could do.
. No, seriously. His life was a joke. He gave up completely and just let his head fall forward on his forearms. The metal on his back made it clear who it was that came to comfort or confront him – he had no idea.
“I’m sure I can’t come again. For at least like,” he looked down at his cock, felt a jolt travel through his spine, “oh, I don’t know, say seven minutes?”
Nat got up and hugged his head tightly to her torso. “My poor baby,” she said in a cooing voice, “how do you live like this? I mean, look at the bright side, you could spend half a century with your dick frozen,” she added and pressed a kiss on his head before sitting back down.
Wanda laughed and made it revolve slowly, eyeing where more decorations were needed. Natasha joined them and started bending paper clips to use for the baubles. She methodically inserted them through the tiny holes and lined them up for later use. Occasionally, Bucky would look back at the tree and smile at Steve. It was starting to feel like family, and there was an inkling of hope that maybe Christmas could still be nice.
Steve found Tony sitting on the kitchen counter by the fridge. He was waiting for the coffee to be ready, idly rearranging magnets. “You okay?” Steve asked.
“You were,” he had to shut his eyes for this. “You were – anniversary, I think? I was in a meeting, we both were I think – fuck, and the people were faceless and you were hiding under my desk and,
Tony snorted and Steve kneed blindly towards his general direction to keep him in check. “Impressive doesn’t feed people, sir,” Steve offered.
“Shh, it’s okay, Steve, it’s okay. I’m so sorry,” he repeated as he continued the small kisses and caresses. “So the panic…”
“What do you mean you’re not staunchly straight?” Tony managed to ask over his rant, but Steve was gone.
So there was a serene look on his face, complete with adorable nose scrunching and subsequent resettling into the seat. His head bent backwards a bit, trying to reach a comfortable spot, and Steve felt his eyes water with the strain of not blinking. Because Tony’s throat bulged just the tiniest bit, but it was enough for the onslaught of thoughts and feelings, and the more he looked the more Steve wanted to just kiss the curve of the man’s neck, and nibble on the tendons there. He sighed.
“I may have gone a bit overboard,” he admitted and Wanda went to help him stick them around the room. She levitated more ribbon and they started working on it.
“It’s not that, I trust you with my life, Steve. But… No one has touched my like this in years. I may be a bit overwhelmed,” he admitted sheepishly.
“Hey,” she interrupted him, “Christmas on the 25th is better than no Christmas. Pietro and I, our parents weren’t religious and back there it was religious for a lot of people. So it’s the thought, the family,” she told him, trying to keep the conversation private. It didn’t work at all, of course.
Dr. Pavlova smiled at him. “We watched the live feed from the meeting. I’ve got at least ten colleagues who want to shake your hand. You did some good here already.”
“Loaded with vodka, just like you like them,” Clint told Natasha. He deposited the tray on the edge of the coffee table, turning to the people sitting on the sofas. “Hurry up, make some room.” Natasha groaned again, louder than before. Steve put on his best patronizing smile and pat her shoulder.
He joined their rather glamorous group with a large smile. This was his family. He tried to surreptitiously find Tony, but Natasha’s knowing look made him roll his eyes. He raised an eyebrow and she shook her head. Tony wasn’t in sight and she had no idea. Or no will to share intel. Great, one of those moods. He was given a drink and accepted it as a prop more than anything else.
Steve had about two seconds to pull the duvet around his midsection in hopes of covering his erection. Tony barged in and zoned in on the bed. When that came out empty, he looked around and eventually his eyes settled on the pile of Steve on the floor.
When he finally opened his eyes, Tony had a peculiar look on his face, and Natasha sported a devious expression. Oh-oh.
he was doing it, but it was still an opportunity. Steve compartmentalised this new way he found to get Tony to never like him back for later.
“You’re such an asshole,” Steve said affectionately. “I’ll have you know I don’t understand that reference, and I now have an ongoing list of things I have to google.”
Steve’s therapist said it was healthy to have some distance, that codependency was dangerous for both of them. She’s said some more shit — Steve sighed, it was just the anticipation that made him think of it that way. In truth, he was slowly finding himself opening up to the woman — a gentle lady, somewhere in her 50s (Tony had her entire file memorised, he could tell him the exact age), with a distinct hippie look, who took no shit and sometimes made him laugh so much he thought there would be nothing else wrong, ever.
Steve chuckled. “Makes sense,” he said quietly. Nat hummed in agreement. “In what universe is this relevant now? How do you even come to this thought.”
Hi babies! So short story time (ahahaha, it's funny cause I don't do short stories, get it??? anyway...) When I was a kid I used to come up with scenarios about all the ways in which I could be insulted so I would have comebacks ready. In similar fashion, I think of potential fic issues that could get really angry people to flame me (think ff.net 2007 style of flaming).
“I’m gonna touch this one,” Tony said quietly, lifting his hand to caress Steve’s frown. “Can I kiss you again?” he asked.
“I know, I know. You can punish me later if you want.” When Steve groaned into his chest, Tony laughed once more. “Like that thought?”
“You answer, you talk! I’m in the lab following your movements and the next thing I know you go quiet except for cursing, and the cameras on the CCTV stops working because Doom is an asshole, and I have no visual, my drones are far, and I have no idea what the hell is happening!”
Tony poured her another shot and drank his from the bottle. “I’ve got an updated list of Stark employees you can use. And Friday made a folder called Operation Date on the common server to simplify your mission,” he offered.
Marie had a lisp so when she said “steed” repeatedly while perched on Steve’s shoulders, he struggled not to laugh and shake her even harder. Tony started singing ‘Santa Baby’ before it dawned on him that it was not exactly appropriate or a carol, and moved on to ‘Deck the Halls.’
“One of these days we’ll need to find something for you to get drunk on,” Tony said as he downed his absinthe. Steve knew he recognised the smell.
Steve took pride in his multitasking skill set. He was able to focus on several things at once and prioritise. Even so, he was taken aback by the gentle hand on his forearm. He turned to the person and found himself almost face to face with an unknown woman. Within seconds, as he opened his mouth to greet her, her lips attached to his in a pressing kiss. He was vaguely aware of her hand holding mistletoe above their heads. He was vaguely aware of the smell of her perfume, blonde hair, the softness of her lips moving on his, the heavy taste of alcohol. He was more aware of how his eyes didn’t close, but instead focused on the bright spotlight now illuminating Tony Stark on the stage.
“Breathe with me, Stevie, you got this.” Bucky’s hand cupped the back of his neck and held him firmly. His voice was determined in his ear. “It’s okay, just breathe, you got this.”
Steve pulled the blanket around them, then wrapped his arms around Tony to help warm him up. It was probably not the best time, but he was suddenly feeling very self conscious. “Was that alright?” he asked in a small voice.
They didn’t have an answer for him, and his stomach twisted painfully. They were trying to establish what had happened in their ear pieces, fast talk that Steve recognised as urgent despite the language barrier. In the distance, he could see a massive smoke column. People who had been running away from the deflagration finally reached them. He rushed forward to see if he could help anyone.
They decided to spend Christmas together, another example of team bonding that left Steve confused but hopeful. It would be his first Christmas with Bucky since the fall, and it would be the first one in many years when he felt he had a family. He didn’t have remarkable memories of Christmas celebrations with his mother, and since he came back it was always some average pot roast from a restaurant or the other. He was doing this Christmas right for the first time.
Tony shook his head in disbelief. “Well, this is surreal as fuck.” Then he seemed to remember something. He disappeared for a couple of minutes and returned with a bit of cloth. He walked to Bennu and smiled at her. “You get a superhero cape,” he informed her gently. “You’re one of us now.”
Steve pushed another bead in and the pressure on his prostate was glorious. He was reluctant, but he trusted Tony even when he didn’t trust himself. He gripped the base of his cock; he had to bite his lip to shift his focus. “Tony, please,” he whined. But his fingers seemed to have a mind of their own, and he pulled two of the beads out. The pull on his rim grounded him. He had to let go of his cock.
Fury clicked his tongue from Steve’s side and it spoke volumes about how distracted Steve actually was. “Aren’t you glad you’re their leader?”
“Stop overthinking, darling,” Tony said, suddenly speaking from right next to his ear, where his hot breath made Steve’s blood race. “It’s a good thing. I’ve not felt like this, this much… maybe ever now that I think about it.”
There was lava, violent destructive lava flowing from the walls into a massive hole in the floor, burning everything. He couldn’t see Tony so he yelled out his name, burning his hands on the melting door frames and other metal objects in the lab. In a corner, close to where the lava was slowly and relentlessly seeping to, he could see Tony. For a brief second he was relieved to have found him, but then he
“Thank you,” Steve replied in a small voice. He sighed again. “I had a really bad nightmare,” he shrugged, trying to say it as casually as possible. Tony’s distorted body flashed before his eyes.
“I know, I can relate. For one, you’re easily the hottest person I’ve ever got into bed.” When Steve blushed, Tony kissed the heat on his cheekbones. “It’s been years, Steve, surely you know you’re hot,” he laughed.
The more they spent stuck in this situation, the more time they would be going without sleep, the less time Tony would have to sober up, and the more Steve wanted to kiss him senselessly. So he pulled the man up and walked him to bed, tucked him in, and said good night.
The young man’s eyes widened as he nodded frantically. “I’ve not had a chance to spend time with her properly for the holidays, I don’t even want to go out at all. Captain, are you sure? Do you have a minute to come in and say hi? She’s one of your biggest fans.”
, but he pulled his t-shirt up to cover his nose and he kept low to try and get away from the smoke and
She looked at him slightly awestruck. Steve felt beyond embarrassed. “Oh, Captain Rogers!” She realised she was staring and quickly moved to Tony. “I’m sorry, you’re just very… uhm, big.”
A buzz went around the room, people chattering more excitedly all of a sudden. Steve was alert, but not wary yet. The lights dimmed, a spotlight flickering on a podium at the front of the room. The knot in his stomach seemed to tighten. There weren’t many things that could elicit that response, and he very much doubted the President of the United States was attending this particular charity gala. One of the popstars maybe, but this was New York, and Hollywood seemed more like the scene for that. No, Steve knew. Somewhere inside of his heart, he knew. If he was the tiniest bit more self-aware, he might have even heard the telling deafening sound of the train horn.
The group scrambled towards the door, and after they were all gone, Steve heard the unmistakable sound of the lock twisting.
“No, no, you’re right. It is something I’d do.” He busied himself with some tools, tightening screws, back to Steve.
He made it halfway to the burning building, near where the petting zoo had been when he saw someone walking out. His stomach lurched and he was glad he had something covering his mouth and nose to stifle the urge to throw up. He started running again, sweat dripping down his forehead.
“What what car?” He paused, business face on. For a second, Steve thought he was actually serious. “I’m joking, I’m joking,” he laughed. Steve joined him. “I’d never get you a car.”
But there was no way to appease Tony. He moved back up, starting to kiss his shoulders. “Let me take my time with you, darling. I’ve waited so long to be able to do this.” He continued his ministrations on the side of Steve’s arm. When his muscles contracted in pleasure, Tony moaned and started licking the bulge of the muscle. “Fuck, you’re so incredible. No matter how hard I tried I couldn’t get the image of you tearing a log apart with your bare hands.”
He was glorious-looking, beautiful with his left leg bent so he could push into the heel, with his toes curled in pleasure, with his lips swollen and red, spit trickling down freely. The arc reactor lit his chin and face, giving him an ethereal glow. It also lit the prominent bulge that had formed as he nestled Steve’s cock in the depth of his throat. Steve bent to touch it; he rubbed it affectionately.
Steve loved them all but wanted, really wanted them to fuck off right about then if he was honest. He crossed his arms over his chest, taking his menacing look. “Bucky,” he growled.
He took Bennu in his arms with some inkling of clairvoyance, perhaps Matilda had rubbed off on him, because as soon as they were met by their teammates, Steve was highly aware he would need the emotional support. Clint was wearing the upper part of a costume of his, cowl on and everything, completed by Powerpuff Girls pyjama bottoms. Steve sighed.
Steve’s heart clenched at the kind tone. Bennu bleated, Thor bleated back, then he told them she was moved by the gesture. Then she hopped up to Steve and gestured she wanted to be picked up. Steve did, despite what she had said earlier. If she wanted to offer emotional support, he would accept it. He pulled her up to his face and buried his face in her fur.
“The level of disrespect I put up with. Unbelievable. Steve, can you believe this?” Steve managed to agree through his laughter. He kept his eyes shut, waiting patiently. He was adamant that whatever the surprise was he would be happy regardless. “Okay, now for this part - I need some hot stuff, baby this evening. Ouch! Okay, not the kind of hot I had in mind, shit!”
Steve was lost in his thoughts about Jackie and how she was probably dead by now. She had been only eighteen when he met her, but he learned early on not to hope he would find any of them still alive.
Some laughter. Good. Steve soldiered on, as he was prone to do. “We’ve not come here to be saviours for the poorer or gods for the underdeveloped as we were sold to the public. We’re here because our job is to make sure people are safe. I can forward you my resume if you need it.”
“You already have millions,” Darcy told him with a laugh. She pulled away from Bucky and pat his cheek. “Thanks for the dance, Footloose. I better go find Jane before she has too much to drink and decides to strip.”
Steve couldn’t hear it without breaking down, so he was rude and interrupted him. “Where’s he from?”
“Just shut up,” Steve said and put him down in the kitchen. Natasha’s eyebrow shot up. “I’m tired, cranky, and I want to be home where I can watch Blue Planet and eat Doritos.”
“Wait, let me get this straight. We went from not even mentioning Tony’s birthday to having a week-long event?”
For a moment, the whole bargain idea was nowhere to be found in his brain. “Ah. Well – what?” He was balancing the box in one hand, undoing the buttons on his slacks as he walked back.
“Everyone who has ever interacted with me in any way, shape, or form, Steve.” He turned to touch Steve’s shoulder. “Besides, people are starting to catch on that you’re not a saint. Soon you’ll slick your hair back and ride a motorcycle. Oh, wait.”
Steve’s heart soared. He slid down, pressing his lips lightly on the man’s ribs, then on his abs, enjoying the way his skin reacted to touch. He licked towards his bellybutton lazily. When his tongue dipped in, Tony gasped, his hand fisting Steve’s hair. He moved lower, nibbling at the hot skin on his lower belly, then on his hip bone.
He’d arranged his papers as the crowd settled and was now ready to go. “I am Captain America.” He paused and unclenched his jaw. “My name is Captain Steve Rogers, I am a founding member of the Avengers. Some may know me as The First Avenger – in all my time, extended as it was, I have fought for the freedom of people from oppression and today I am here to celebrate, along with my fellow Avengers the triumph of democracy in this beautiful country.”
They collectively groaned. Clint had done that for every little thing in the past weeks. Steve knew it was innocent fun, but he was still embarrassed by it. “When will this get old?” he asked Clint only half-rhetorically.
Steve flew over New York pestered with all these thoughts. He felt guilty and the anxiety returned. Would Tony even be there? He felt like someone would have let him know, even if in a text. Would Tony shun him? Would he even look him in the eye? Steve wanted to apologise. Profusely. Repeatedly. For things he’d done. And not done. For everything ever. Because Tony’s smile lit up his entire day, and maybe it wasn’t healthy, and maybe Steve was well and truly fucking gone, but it was what it was, and he needed them to be okay. It wasn’t like he hadn’t already resigned himself to a lot of time (a lifetime?) of pining after the scientist, but this was more than about his crush. This was about the deep care he held for the man outside of hard dick and speechless moments. He needed them to be okay.
“Please,” he said and shut his eyes, trying to focus on the different voices coming from the tv instead of thinking about his disturbingly hot dream. His peace lasted for only a couple of minutes before a shadow fell on him. “What?”
It wasn’t the first time he’d seen Natasha transform herself. Sometimes the change was instantaneous, like when something irked her to the point where her face hardened, other times it was studious, like when she would go deep undercover and needed to actually become someone else. But this right now was a casual-to-business mood that was unprecedented. Not at this speed, and not so completely done. She wore perfectly tailored clothes, and her hair and makeup were flawless as far as he could tell – no dark circles and a subtle glow. Youtube was a wonderful land of tutorials and he was proudly knowledgeable in the steps needed to achieve various styles of makeup. Also, he would not actually be able to explain why he knew this if asked. But Natasha was perfect, poised and ready to take on the world, and the ridiculous sentimental side of Steve shook with contentedness.
She waved his complaint away and pointed to the empty space in front of them. In the background, people kept falling off a bouncy obstacle course. He waited until the shots of Amaretto were ready, and started his dare. Steve tried not to think of his dream that seemed so long ago, and how beautiful the man looked on his knees in front of him.
Steve pulled back to look at him. “It’s better,” he answered, and could feel himself blush thinking about the way Tony’s throat had bulged around his dick in his dream. “This is real,” he added.
“By rushing into a situation where not only you couldn’t do anything in a timely manner, but you put yourself in danger as well.”
Clint pulled back to cheer on Natasha who was still going strong in the middle of them all, golden bejewelled crown crooked on her head. Steve felt proud of her determination, and also slightly turned on by the way her lips held on to the jelly.
Steve nodded, unable to fight whatever plan Tony had. The man scooped his nape with a steady hand, clenching slightly and pushing his head up. Steve tried to help as much as he could. He felt himself being lifted, then pushed down the couch. Tony moved around a bit, and when he lowered Steve back down again, the surface was different. Steve opened his eyes. Tony’s beautiful face was looking down at him; he had maneuvered himself under Steve’s head.
“Taaake meee up,” Tony sings, fully aware that he’s as conditioned as Pavlov’s dog when it comes to music. But he nods and grabs Steve’s offered hand once more. “Need a lift, babe?” he asks and giggles like an idiot.
Steve's smile was impossible to control as he turned around to walk towards his boyfriend. Still made him giggle, no matter how many times he thought about it. And it was a lot, if he were being honest. Compliments were still difficult to get used to, but he rejoiced in them anyway, especially as he’d spent more than ten minutes putting together an outfit. And he guessed the white button down and the tailored slacks were working in his favour as Tony blatantly ogled him over the rim of his glasses. He’d added the fancier shoes, styled his hair and left the top button undone, cause he always found that hot when Tony did it, maybe it worked the other way around. “Hi,” he said almost shyly.
Steve was many things, but not made of stone, and not a quitter. And focusing on someone else took his mind off his own shitty thoughts. Steve was many things, and even maybe a bit selfish. “So she’s younger than you.”
