John was certain she glared directly at Greg as she spoke. They giggled. And with that, John grabbed the arms of Greg and, to his surprise, Sherlock, and the three of them rushed from the hall, eagerly awaiting what was to come.
“I’m going to get into my robes.” He said through clenched teeth, breathing heavier than usual, picking up his satchel and then pushing past them out to get to the corridor.
Sherlock gave John a half encouraging sort of nod, and before John could say anything or even finish his fifth cuppa, he was being dragged out of the hall by the very excitable Gryffindor team.
They waited there another hour, John asking Sherlock if what he’d fathomed so far could be the reason for the lack of reporting,
He sat there for a long while, allowing the smoke to occupy him, but as the clock tower rang out for 10 o’clock, Sherlock decided to call it a night.
As soon as he became aware of the scream escaping his throat, he lunged from under the covers, half dreaming but standing, hand fumbling for the doorknob in the darkness out of the bedroom and into the hallway. He couldn’t disturb Sherlock. Not tonight.
John began to push Greg down the final steps to try and escape him, yet Greg didn’t understand the urgency. This didn’t matter however; Sherlock said nothing. Even so, the tension as the bizarre mix of five students crossed Gargoyles Corridor was stifling.
“What” Sherlock sighed, now flustered, lowering his spoon again, and thus sloshing another large dribble of broth onto the surface and, to add insult to injury, pristine white shirt from Madam Pomfrey. This obviously amused John further, as he gave such a loud squeak this time even he seemed to be alarmed by it.
“Would you mind taking my case up?” the boy said, “I’m staying down here for a while… but as you’re going up…?”
Eventually McGonagall opened her thin pale lips with the new term’s welcome, which went on longer than I think most expected… Then came the sorting ceremony, thus the traditional song of the sorting hat. Most students at Hogwarts didn’t know any different, but since the Battle of Hogwarts the hat’s song’s had not rhymed as well, was not as inspiring, and possessed a lot less energy then they’d used to. You see, it had been badly damaged when the death eaters breached the castle’s defences those years ago, and it was tired now… And only the teachers noticed, and gave it the biggest applause of all. Anyway, after the hat’s display came the actual sorting, in which John and the others tried desperately to join in the celebrations after every squeaky small person jumped down from their stool to join the Gryffindor table. John hoped his and Greg’s pitiful excuse for clapping masked their fantasies of hot hearty dinners and oozing treacle tarts.
John was floored, but he couldn’t escape the grin creeping up his face, “You want me to come with you?”
“This is ridiculous, absolutely ridiculous” Greg wheezed “I’m on step one and mine already looks like a really sad rainbow!”
Sherlock pulled his eyes away from his microscope just long enough to soak up this sight, John soft and sleepy but still certain he was going to help any way he could.
“Well, not really… but-” Hagrid popped back into the hut, returning moments later with a large tray of very misshapen, but utterly delicious looking buns.
“Why’s your timetable different to mine? We take the same stuff?” Sherlock inhaled slowly, folding up the parchment calmly and slipping it into his robes.
John, after some difficulty pushing the snoozing Greg off of his lap, which wasn’t helped by the two people suddenly coming down the stairs on top of them, followed him.
After fifteen minutes sifting through a rather prickly hedge, made increasingly difficult by the lack of light and coldness of his fingers, Sherlock found something. A small cotton pouch, tied with what appeared to be a dark green string, was pierced on the end of a thin thorn. Sherlock, leather clad fingers moving very carefully, plucked it from its place and felt it.
“What time is it?” John grunted lazily, having not lifted his head off his books for a good hour or more “Please don’t tell me time for alchemy…”
“Fair point, yeah,” he said agreeably. He paused for a moment, “Sherlock, why are you telling me all this?"
“Always” Sherlock said carelessly, eagerly heading to one of the sculpted archways where a tall, thin owl was sat, its silky feathers glistening in the warm candle-light. It was perfectly trimmed, each feather, not one out of place. It seemed almost too pretty to be seen amongst most of the other owls nesting there, all ruffled and dust ridden.
“Popped off to the pitiful remains of last night’s bonfire- obviously Hagrid wouldn’t have cleared it yet,” Sherlock said, nonchalantly.
“You need to purchase a tie pin, my boy” She squeaked, handing him a neatly wrapped, non-dung-smelling tie (although being second-hand it was slightly frayed at the edges)
“But he did, mummy,” Sherlock butted in, “Haven’t you heard? Mycroft’s the muggle Father Christmas.”
She shot him a dark look, however after surveying him for a few moments more, couldn’t help stifle the small chuckle that escaped her, “You’ve got it on your nose! And you, John!” she swatted both of them with a tea towel, “It looks like you two need a bath- quick, while Mikey unpacks-”
“This is about the murder- you’ve found them? Where are they? Was it the incarcerous curse? It was wasn’t it I was-”
“Nice house!” She yelled over the noise of the festivities, “Didn’t realise you knew so many people, Sherlock.”
The three of them walked in silence up every staircase, down every corridor, until they reached her office. Sherlock became very aware that in the ridiculously short amount of time he’d known John, they’d been in this office multiple times already.
“But that’s all I have, John. A letter. And a few pesky photographs that I spent the all last night studying over, and now can’t do anymore with,” he barked, spitting the words, “not while I’m cooped up in this place.” He then went very quiet. John noticed his hands were shaking slightly, and his breaths quickening, “I know nothing about the murderer apart from the fact they seem to be able to walk through walls, and can conjure up a good Incarcerous charm. What else?”
“I don’t know what I want to after all this, mate,” Greg said comfortingly “I mean, an auror would be great… but I have no idea how to get there” he chuckled.
It was empty apart from a few students perched at the edge of the water, wrapped in towels and dithering, and what seemed to be one swimming student not too far out, breaking the water’s flat, glass-like surface. This irritated John, and he felt horribly rude, but Sherlock had sparked such an interest in him concerning the cases the night before, that all he wanted was the others to bugger off so they could talk about it. It seemed Sherlock agreed with this, shooting him an annoyed glare, so in the meantime they sat down on the shingles, their feet sliding amongst them, and watched as the small figure in the water swam up and down the neck of the lake.
“Anyway, better be off. Meeting Kate in The Three Broomsticks,” she stood, allowing her fingers to trace over Sherlock’s hand as she did, “You should join us,” she finalised, tucking a finger under Sherlock’s chin. John glared at her.
“We should probably head back then,” Mr Holmes said, jumping down to join Sherlock, “As by the sounds of it we've got a very weary owl back at our house!”
"He's saving us a compartment, come on," said John, grabbing hold of Mikes shoulders kindly, steering him down the carriage, still laughing.
John was nothing short of magnificent. Not a single attempt at scoring by the Slytherin’s was successful, and that was not due to lack of trying; they had really very good aim, all except one being completely on target. John was just too fast. Wherever he was in the air, John would get there in time to bat the quaffle away ceremoniously. It was breathtaking to watch, so elegant yet powerful at the same time… And he looked so brilliantly happy when he was doing it.
“It’s not broken this time, at least,” John said, looking at him worriedly, “He didn’t hit you anywhere else?”
Once the first two rounds of tea had been distributed, along with a few too many breakfast mince pies, it was time to attack the small mound of presents that had accumulated under the Christmas tree. Sherlock and John sat cross-legged in front of the fireplace, which was roaring merrily. Mrs Holmes positioned herself at the base of the Christmas tree, appointing herself as 'chief distributor' and Mr Holmes sat beside her, lovingly nursing the teapot. Mycroft, who of course refused to sit on the floor, sat in the armchair, providing them all with his usual impression of 'grumpy old lady who’s bitten a wasp' which had now been upgraded to “grumpy old lady who’s bitten a wasp: Christmas edition!”
After dinner that evening, to which Sherlock hadn’t attended not to John’s surprise, John had stayed for half an hour or so after Greg had gone up to bed, along with many of the other students, to chat to a few of the Gryffindor team. All of them were blissfully content and not quite ready for the day of such a win to come to a close, going over and re-going over all the excitement of the day. John wasn’t overly happy in recollecting how he’d been very nearly been knocked off his broom by Sebastian, but he supposed it had made the match interesting
“So you go back home for Granny’s owl, but not back for me… trying to tell me something?” Mycroft moaned.
“She’s got it!” Yelled the commentator over the tannoy, and the Gryffindor seeker pulled up into the air, holding the snitch high above her head.
“Do you wanna go find Graham and… the other one?” he said, after their laughter had subsided, “I don’t mind.”
“At home? Yeah, mother’s practically a sniffer dog. But here? No. Everyone here’s too busy thinking about other things than what I’m doing.”
“I’m fine,” John said quickly, trying to bury a laugh as he gently let the pumpkin seeds fall from his hand.
“Ah yes he better. Your hair does take about a decade to groom, doesn’t it Sherlock?” Mycroft smirked.
As October sped on, he also noticed a slight decline in being absolutely throttled by Sebastian. Yes, he got his face plunged into the common room toilet once or twice, had a few overly unintelligent insults thrown at him every morning, maybe got pushed or shoved as they passed in the corridor… but he hadn’t broken a bone since. Sherlock wondered if this was down to the unexpected addition of John.
Janine clocked this “Oh no don’t panic, he’s lovely honestly! Anyway,” She blushed slightly and a smile split across her face round face “I’ve said I’d meet him by the main stairs before lesson starts so… I’ll see you later Sherlock.”
Sherlock was waiting for him, which had become quite the custom, something Sherlock was happy to do it seemed as he barely ate a thing anyway, and the two of them walked into the hall together. Greg, of course, had gone in already.
“No no, wouldn’t want to distract you” Sherlock interjected, coolly, pulling a glass phial from his robes and filling it with the glistening honey coloured liquid “I’ll just hand this in, shall I?” and with that, Sherlock swept off to the front of the dungeon, smiled sweetly at Magnussen, who looked fit to burst that no other student had finished before the “know-it-all”. John gaped at him as he strode back up the dungeon towards him, stuffed his textbook and various other bits and bobs into his bag and without another word banged through the dungeon door, his cloak flowing behind him as he went.
Breathlessly, they finally stopped running as they reached the clearing that lead to the Shrieking Shack. They collapsed onto the crisp grass, fits of giggles erupting in them.
“Madam Pomfrey notified me about them- potions accident I here?” She replied earnestly, peering over her spectacles.
“Why are you doing that?” John asked one day, as Sherlock was picking up leaves with gloved hands and tweezers, wrapping them in a cloth and pocketing them.
Sherlock made an agreeable sound, lifting his hand to his face again. He gave his nose a gentle prod. He squeaked.
Hi! I'm so sorry it's been 84years since my last update... But hope you enjoyed this chapter! Hope you're all well! xo
By the time they reached the castle, and left their bags haphazardly to be taken to their dormitories, a chilling drizzle had begun to fall, causing them all to rush into the great hall quicker than their sleepy minds anticipated.
After the presents were finished and the pile of wrapping paper and discarded bows of all shades of red and green and gold imaginable were tidied away, they all hurried off upstairs, arms full of their own treasures from that morning.
“A few of us gave them some butterbeer and sweets and sent them off to bed,” Steven said, nonchalantly, “We’ve got this.”
“You’re a bit drunk, Sherlock, I think?” John teased, “Are you going to be able to get back? Without being spotted? In the dark? Like this?” he said, nudging him.
Mike looked at Sherlock, who was staring blankly at the floor again. Greg and Mike read the situation as best they could, and mumbled “yeah me too”, grabbing at their bags also. Sherlock didn’t react. He just sat there, motionless. The three seventh years didn’t return for the remainder of the journey.
“Don’t mind him,” She said, taking one for herself and passing one to Sherlock’s father who came and sat beside her, “He does like to be a grump.”
“Right, everyone open their books to page 48, Spagyric, and I’ll explain our key outcomes for this autumn term. We’ll be starting with-”
John felt Sherlock’s eyes fall heavily upon him. He felt his gaze tracing over the lines under John’s eyes, felt him clock John’s fussing with the loose threads on his jumper cuffs, saw the untouched tea in front of him, forming a slight skin.
“It’s Christmas, love. Go on - and there’s a breakfast mince pie in it for you,” Mrs Holmes said sweetly, coming round the back of the sofa and ruffling Sherlock’s curls, sending them into further disarray.
He pulled what appeared to be his Quidditch robe trousers from his bag, twisted and folded them repeatedly, before presenting them proudly before Sherlock’s bloody face.
“Yep. Been talking about you all night. I left her, in the end. She’s probs looking for you.” Mike said, rather glumly, “Ooh, only forty minutes to go!” he nodded to the small ornate clock hanging above the Holmes’ door to the kitchen.
John, giving him one last polite smile, which probably in reality appeared just as concerned as he felt, continued at a pace up the remaining staircase.
“Here he is,” Greg nodded towards a very disgruntled looking Sherlock, who, to John’s random dismay, was accompanied by Miss Adler, hanging happily on his arm.
“Sherlock, is that your owl?” John said, trying not to shiver, gesturing to the small black dot whch was hovering against the white sky.
John said nothing. He merely sat there, quietly, as Sherlock’s breathing slowed itself. He was gently messing with the pipe still in his hand. After a moment, he started banging the bowl of it against his cupped palm to remove the ash, however he didn’t then drop it onto the shingles or into the water as John had presumed, but pulled another little tin from the satin pouch to store it. He must’ve seen John looking.
He handed Sherlock the bag thought to contain his Slytherin woolly hat from Madam Malkin’s. Sherlock took it quickly, and handed John the other bag thought to contain John’s second-hand Gryffindor tie. They exchanged awkward thank-yous while Greg, still giggling away, picked up John’s remaining bags that had flown in his direction.
“Good day, boys,” He nodded to McGonagall and headed for the door, “And leave the bloody DLE to do its job.”
practically attached. If John went to get a drink, he’d grab Sherlock’s arm to ask him what he wanted, if Sherlock moved somewhere, John would most likely follow, even once grabbing onto Sherlock’s jumper sleeve in order to stay close as they moved through the crowd of people. Not that this was a bad thing. Not at all. He’d be happy spending New Years with only John, really. They’d spent basically the whole of Christmas alone, and that was more than pleasurable… He liked spending New Year’s with him too.
Sherlock swallowed, “Thanks for… well everything this evening.” He was staring rather fixatedly at the floor tiles.
“Thank you. Thank you ever so much. I now, may, now I may, I may excuse myself…” Sherlock said, too confidently, really, and stood up with a wobble, “Enjoy.”
“It’s flammable, John. Highly so,” Sherlock breathed, eyes sparkling “And it had been scattered over the entire bonfire. I smelt it, John, last night. I just couldn’t put my finger on it.”
The jokes that followed didn’t improve, but they all laughed all the same, even Mycroft, who was now wearing a rainbow glowing bobble hat, managed a giggle. There was a lot of glasses clinking, talking over each other, nudging of one another, swapping of headwear and playing of miniature wizard’s chess when they should have been eating their brussel sprouts. There was a lot of fun at that table. It was the best Christmas dinner John had had in a long while.
“Oi Watson! Come on!” Bainbridge yelled from below, barely audible over the rushing of summer air across his ears. John did an about turn around the Hufflepuff stand, and dived down coolly to meet his keeper and the rest of their team.
It was nice having someone to think aloud to, but as to why John put up with listening was beyond him.
“What’s the matter?” Sherlock burst, staring at him “This murder’s unreported. There is a murderer out there that people have no clue about-”
Sherlock looked about; most people had begun to head off to their dormitories, leaving only spotless tables, sleepy chatter, and a few suspicious looking pairs copying each other’s notes.
Gryffindor were now leading with eighty points to zero, and Sebastian was practically livid. You could see it in how he was flying, fast and jerky, less fluid and more ruthless.
John inspected them; a parcel from Greg, Mike, and his sister, and most likely a Christmas card from Molly, and potentially some people from the quidditch team? Or Madame Turner? He set them down under the Christmas tree at Mrs Holmes’ prompt. It all felt very homely, causing a wave of guilt swirl in his stomach.
John extended a hand, and Sherlock took it, very very slowly.  John attempted to pull him back to a sitting position, succeeding eventually, but it took a few attempts. Once he was up, well… their hands remained interlocked for at least a minute after, but neither of them really seemed to mind.
“It’s Boxing Day, Sherlock, and if I’m not mistaken someone downstairs is making toast,” John said sleepily, before heading out on to the landing.
“Mother I don’t care if it’s a bit pricey, I’ll buy it, I need a new one!” he drawled. “My other one melted… someone thought it would be jolly good fun to stir one of his potions with it.”
An agreeable consensus was given by the group, and the conversation restarted as Greg pulled out a large basin with an anti-spilling charm cast upon it.
Even with two of them the task was impossible, wherever John would place a pair of socks, Sherlock would move it, or one of them would find the pattern on the sock funny, or say it looked like Mycroft, or something else unbelievably unhelpful, until they were both giggling into the sock drawer.
John laughed, rubbing the back of his neck, “Or we up the steaks, all or nothing… next one to knock Mycroft’s hat off using only mince pies gets ten?”
“No, do! It’ll be fun! No one’ll mind,” John persisted, more eagerly, “And don’t tell me you wanna be in your own common room on Halloween night? With Sebastian lurking around?”
Thank you for reading, I know updates have been really irregular recently! Please bear with me I'm getting back on track! Hope you enjoyed! xo
“Guys!” he barked excitedly to John and Greg “some people have arranged a Halloween party in our common room tomorrow night. People are off buying supplies right now, come help?”
“What? How can he when he seems completely unalarmed that I have been sent two photographs of a corpse in the post?” Sherlock spat, standing, “Fine. I’ve been pranked. It’s not the first time, but you cannot tell me those photos are not a feature of interest.”
In this case, John couldn’t have been more right; Sherlock’s wand was only a few metres down the hill from them, must’ve been thrown after they’d caught him, and was back in Sherlock’s pocket within minutes. As for the cloak, it was found screwed up in a nearby shrub, grubby but intact. John helped Sherlock back into it, him wincing with each small movement, his slinged arm not in a sleeve.
Wary to not push his search any further whilst staying so close to the castle after hours, Sherlock whispered “Nox” before pocketing his wand and all three pouches. Fighting to remain light on his feet in his excitement, slunk back into the entrance hall, praying the large oak doors wouldn’t creak under his movement, and rushed back to his common room.
“Er, sure yes,” He said, a tad nervously, “Just give me one moment…” and the three of them stared, puzzled, as Sherlock made a second cup of coffee. “What? The house-elves won’t miss washing up one mug, surely.” and once he’d cast a simple anti-spilling charm, he too stood up, clutching the warm china tightly between his hands.
Sherlock stood up, with a slight wobble, rather stroppily, before setting about the task of feeding Billie, sprinkling pellets into a dish with an unnecessary amount of aggression.
“Mikey!” she practically squealed, cupping his face with her hands, beaming, “Merry Christmas darling! Your room is all ready for you- Now this is John, he’s staying with us over- What in Merlin’s name have you two been doing?”
“Does she?” Sherlock sipped his tea. “What are your plans for the day, then? Dancing with the ghosts? Summoning a demon? Running head-on into the dark forest until the darkness takes control of you? That’s what people do on Halloween, isn't it?”
John looked down, and so did Sherlock, noticing for the first time the footprints they’d tramped into the entrance hall, and the many pools that had formed from their dripping robes and hair.
“No, you-” John laughed “this case. You said Carl helps with littler ones - you don’t tell him about actual, big things,” He swallowed, “Why’ve you told me?”
“Come on, Sherlock. We haven’t seen you all summer, we’ve missed having our privacy invaded by a lanky friendless twat, haven’t we Phil?” Anderson nodded, his arms folded tightly across his chest.
“Ah,” Sherlock said suddenly, brow furrowing. At John’s quizzical expression, he continued, “I have Muggle Studies… in precisely three minutes…”
Sherlock’s indescribably soft scarf was wrapped tightly round this throat, sticking awkwardly out of his jacket from his rush to get out of the door.
John laughed. He could still hear the muffled sound of the music downstairs even there. “That’s okay, where’ve you been anyway?”
“Owl got your tongue, Freak?” Anderson added, placing his hand on Sherlock’s collar. “Or did Mummy tell you to ignore us?”
The post-practise air wasn’t as quiet as John was used too; most students were usually at the feast at this time, par his fellow teammates who could be seen just entering the castle in the distance, and there was usually nothing to be heard but the screeching of owls, and every so often Hagrid’s booming chuckle because some new pet he’d obtained had nearly bitten his hand off… but John could swear that he heard students close by?
The two sat in silence for a good few minutes after that, unable to fathom any way to continue this topic.
Hi, this chapter is very long and covers a lot. Sorry, desperately fighting to get my halloween chapter up on time. My halloween chapter (part 1) will be out later tonight! And halloween part 2 before the end of the week. Hope you enjoy! Sorry for the long wait, and now three chapters coming at once? :')
Then, the portrait hole started to open, and McGonagall poked her head through. She was wearing a long tartan dressing gown with matching slippers.
He raced upstairs, opened his trunk, and fished out a small envelope which carried some muggle money-
Mycroft produced a small teapot, of no more than an inch high, from his jacket pocket. He set it down on the coffee table, and within a few moments it was pouring tea into two pristine teacups, bobbing excitedly in the air.
“That is no excuse Mr Holmes. You were not given permission to leave his classroom, thus you are no allowed to do so on your own accord”
Eventually, October came, a full week into this funny little arrangement he and John had found themselves in, and when Sherlock awoke on that misty October first, a Friday, and wandered lazily off to herbology, in which unsurprisingly they started an in depth study on the growth rate of enchanted pumpkins.
In the days that followed, there was a definite buzz about the castle that Halloween was well and truly here. Pumpkins, some expertly carved by Sherlock and John themselves, started floating about the castle, the ghosts started jumping out at unsuspecting students who were late for class, and the corridors were constantly perfumed by the smell of pumpkin pie, pumpkin soup and pumpkin loaves from the kitchen’s below. By Friday lunchtime, when John and Sherlock had both finished their lessons for the week, John was practically leaping about in excitement for the weekend.
No one spoke for a few minutes, Mycroft was examining his umbrella, his father was up the bar ordering a few drinks, and his mother was sat there fuming, as if smoke was about to burst out of her ears any second, but trying to conceal it.
Dazed, he watched blankly as John pushed the others, stunned and still giggling, down the hill with his foot. Sherlock began to laugh, or shake he couldn’t tell… but whatever it was hurt so he stopped it abruptly.
Greg bid him a grumpy farewell as he grumbled his way down the corridor to Charms, and John picked up the pace so as not to be late to Alchemy.
Sherlock snatched it, frantically flicking through the pages, ignoring the sounds of the photographed witches and wizards yelping as he roughly searched for the story.
“Hasn’t rained in days, John,” Sherlock’s eyes brightened fiercely, “They’ve been dampened on purpose.”
There was the setting down of something on the coffee table. The compression of the sofa cushion next to him.
John was grateful of this. That was until she let her hand rest upon his arm, and gave him a smile. A certain sort of  smile one gives when they know something you don’t. A soft, yet smug smile.
subconsciously noting this once John had taken the mug between both his jumper-clasping hands and sipped it cheerily without fuss.
Sherlock gave her a rather confused wave, as Gareth and Mike chorused goodbyes after her. John, instead of joining in, scrubbed at his cheek bitterly before lowering his head to the table. Before long, both Gareth and Mike, and somewhat Sherlock, were all stifling down the laughter.
John waited patiently, watching him as he thought. Sherlock started scuffing the shingles about with his feet.
As soon as the words left his mouth, he regretted them - his mother pounced on him, worriedly checking his face and hands for cuts or scrapes. While doing this she spotted something.
“Just- put it down!” John laughed, swatting at Sherlock’s hand, elegantly swishing his wand from side to side. This sent yet another cloud of flour into the air from his sleeve.
A large amount of cursing followed, through gritted teeth and clenched jaw, as Greg reeled of an unsurprisingly extensive list of all the things Sebastian had done to deserve being transfigured into a Blast-Ended Skrewt for all eternity, which was quite alarming at first, but overall a very popular topic of conversation for all three of them.
The mother was sat on the cobbled street crying, whilst the father was trying with difficulty to put out the green and gold flame on his wife’s handbag.
They reached the portrait hole, and the turbulent sounds of festivities could be heard from within. The fat lady stared at them, suspiciously.
John sighed, hurling his bags onto his shoulders, “Well we’ll just have to look for them then” he replied matter-of-factly, with a slight smile. “Can’t have gone far”
He pulled it up. It was what looked like a jester’s hat, in colours of green, purple orange and gold.
John had taken a few steps into the living room, before freezing in his place, as if not knowing where to put himself. He patted the back of the sofa with his palms awkwardly where he stood, and if Sherlock wasn’t mistaken, which he never was, even in the firelight he could see the smallest of flushes playing upon his cheeks.
The door swung shut behind him, leaving John alone with the headmistress. She gave him a worrying sort of look.
“Look where we ended up!” Sherlock smiled, nodding to the run down house ahead of them, “How fitting for Halloween!”
The two tightened their grip and lifted him an inch or two off of the floor, knocking Sherlock’s shopping bags to the ground. Sherlock tried desperately, but failed to pull his wand from his pocket.
It was a lovely time all together, actually. Mr Holmes pulled out exploding snap as they polished off the last of the meal, something which even Mycroft got involved in. Mrs Holmes then passed around some mince pies she herself had made that morning, which were met by a smirk from Sherlock, and it strangely did feel like Christmas. More than it had done in some time, actually.
However, this thought in mind, and beginning to reluctantly scale the staircase, he was called back.
A cloak-less, dishevelled figure lifted himself slowly, his curls of dark hair askew, and looked at John for a few seconds. For a moment, John didn’t recognise him due to the concoction of blood, bruising and mud on his face…
“You expecting mail?” John asked breathlessly as he clambered up the uneven, straw covered steps of the Owlery, following the tail of Sherlock’s cloak.
“Look. How about, from here onwards, we just stay out of each other’s personal, er, private… matters.”
The three of them entered and were immediatley met with cheers and yells from their classmates. Steven, who’d apparently already started on some firewhisky, wrapped his arms around the three of them happily. Sherlock tried to contain his surprise.
The two entered the Great Hall, empty apart from a few small groups dotted about the tables. Once they’d settled and a teapot had materialised in front of them, John suddenly remembered something.
“Oh!” Greg giggled, “No. No. Shurup. Molly is not completely lost, I just need to find her,” he lunged forward to stand, failing spectacularly.
“Obvious, he’s got no friends to socialise with… no use for him in the common room is there?” sneered one of the heavier boys Sherlock hadn’t cared enough to learn the name of. They threw around a few more petty comments and insults regarding their silent enemy behind the curtains, but eventually got bored and conversation turned to other things… Sherlock had tuned out long before that anyhow, mapping out his route to each lesson the following day, memorising his timetable for the next term, revising werewolves and how to notice them – the list goes on. It was hours before he tuned back into his surroundings, and by then the dormitory was filled with moonlight and shadows.
“No.” Sherlock said vaguely, not bothering to face him this time, well aware his neighbour was obviously facing him.
Sherlock had been practically living in the library since the bonfire incident, which John thought would be a perfect setting in which he could revise, if Sherlock wasn’t going to. He was wrong.
When the lesson came to a close, which felt approximately a lifetime after it began, Sherlock noticed that this boy remained sitting, staring at the blackboard, before approaching the professor’s desk.
Carl came shivering towards them, towel wrapped tightly around him, skin pricked with goosebumps, pale from the chilly water. They engaged in their usual small talk, Carl asking if he had any cases, Sherlock lying, that sort of thing, whilst Carl pulled on his jumper and jogging bottoms over his trunks.
Sherlock strained to sit up, failing spectacularly but this was no matter: The older boy had jogged into view, looming above him, patting his shoulders repeatedly. He seemed slightly panicked, by what Sherlock could make out with his swaying vision.
He stepped into the kitchen and started preparing one extra-strong, extra-sweet tea, (for himself) and one decaffeinated tea, in two large mugs.
Sherlock saw Greg give a little smirk, “Right, right. See you in a bit then.” He gave Sherlock a kind nod, before trudging off lazily out the hall.
“He’s…” Sherlock puzzled. He’d never had to describe his relationship with his brother to anyone before, alas he’d barely pondered the topic himself in much detail, “He’s a lot.”
Instead, he went to the surrounding shrubbery and walls of the courtyard itself. Whispering “Lumos” under his breath, he started carefully peeling through the bushes, holding his wand between his teeth.
John was certain for at least 15 minutes of the lesson Greg was asleep, and John couldn’t help but wish he was too. However, as the bell chimed for 10 o’clock, and first lesson came to a close, Magnussen flicked his wand and everyone’s textbook opened to a ‘Wiggenweld Potion’.
The two of them peered up in amusement as they watched the owl’s dodge and dive between the array of pumpkins in the air, trying desperately to not drop their packages into them instead of onto the long grand tables.
“Professor Sprout would be all too happy to subtract even more house points from you both if you’re late. You don’t want that.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, hands reaching behind him to check, “Ah, must have snagged it on a door hinge… or a coat hook, let’s get this over with-” he snapped, approaching McGonagall’s door.
Sherlock gave him a rather apologetic smile, and gave Mycroft a near frightening glare, before heading off up the stairs, leaving John alone to be led into the living room by his brother.
“Hang on, John!” yelled the crowd, and Sherlock watched, mouth very dry, wand at the ready to support him if he slipped any further.
Pulling himself clumsily to his feet, he slid back the curtain and to see, yes, indeed Billie sat outside his window in the cold and impatient to be let in. There was a small parcel attached to his foot.
Sherlock replied with a muddled expression, yet moulded this into a more polite nod of agreement. She, surprisingly, nodded back, and did an about turn back to her office. Sherlock stared after her yet decided this change of mood was not worth his mind, and headed off to the Owlery, the back of his head still throbbing a fraction.
For some reason, and I don’t think any of them accept Mycroft knew how, the Holmes family were back in Madam Malkins, staring at two painfully similar umbrellas.
Sherlock tried to be annoyed, but he couldn’t? He just couldn’t? He was used to being laughed at and teased, used to being the butt of everyone’s jokes… but this was different, this was friendly and familiar and, although he loathed to admit it, fairly humorous?
Sherlock snorted, “Sure. But not really the top of my list,” he said, pulling an aconite pouch from his pocket.
John glanced to the desk, where there lay four petri dishes, two cauldrons burning on a protected flame, and an ancient looking microscope that John wouldn’t have been surprised if told it had belonged to Merlin himself.
Sherlock lay there a good while, the hurt expression that swept across John’s face flickering behind his closed eyelids over and over again, with the sudden pain that appeared in his eyes...
Sherlock thanked her quietly before speeding out of the Hospital Wing. John went to follow, but Madam Pomfrey grabbed his arm.
The clearing was strewn with piles and piles of leaves in deep reds, burnt oranges, and tawny browns.
“Well” he started “Well it looks… You look… Erm… Well it’s a bit… Er…” John paused “It looks like it hurts”
“Finally into the Halloween spirit then?” She said, leaning closely to Sherlock’s shoulder, “Oh, hi John, Greg,” She continued offhandedly.
"John, you said you'd wait for me at the carriages, I was stuck with Sally Donovan - it was disgusting." Harry miffed, plonking herself right in between John and Stephen Bainbridge (a 5th year). "Anyway, how long do you think the sorting and McGonagall's speech is gonna be? I'm starving"
When he opened the door of her office, he was surprised to find Sherlock literally right outside the door. He was beaming.
The sun had well and truly sunk now, behind the surrounding mountains and valleys, and the first few dottings of stars beginning to appear above them. Sherlock was racing ahead, his footsteps echoing along the stone slabbed floor, moving into dull thuds as he reached the vast fields beyond the courtyard.
“Oh Sherlock it’ll be lovely- You know your father and myself are spending New Year’s Eve in Amsterdam with mother and Uncle Rudy and, as you and Mycroft refuse to join as usual, why don’t you have your own little celebration here?”
“They’ll be too busy looking at that nose instead” and with that, he smiled his sweetest smile and bolted for the street leaving Mycroft with a face like a cats bottom, and his parents trying their very best to conceal their amusement.
He was a magnificent flyer, he really was, twisting and turning with ease in and out of the freshly painted goal posts, weaving effortlessly between the stands, feeling his cloak flapping joyfully behind him as he did so.
It might be easier to just sign another year's lease on his current flat. It was too small, but Rosie was young yet. He was used to the place. It wasn't—well it wasn't comfortable, exactly, but it wasn't that bad. He'd been equally miserable in his house in London, after all, and that had been far more spacious. He doubted that taller windows would make all that much difference in the end.
Sherlock shrugged. In the tight space, close as they were, John felt the motion ripple down his back.
John turned around, breathing in harshly through his nose, forcing himself to regain some composure. He'd fallen apart in Sherlock's arms once over this. Now was not the time to do it again.
He thought about calling Harry, decided against it. She'd not be overly impressed to hear about any bad decisions he'd made while drinking, after all.
"Clearly one of my brother's pet assassins has gone rogue," Sherlock piped up. He sounded mildly amused.
"I never thought it was an option," he said. His voice sounded much too loud in the claustrophobic quiet of his little house. His breath came in a rough gasp.
John breathes out hard through his nose. He is shaking. His gaze has not left Sherlock's face. "And you're telling me that I'm—that I'm wrong? About all of that?"
Mary had printed a phone number. Her handwriting was neat. She'd signed her name with a bit of a flourish, adding a little smiley face underneath.
"You're going to need to be a bit more specific," John grumbles, rolling over, burying his face in the pillow. "And I don't suppose there'd be any good in asking if this can wait until morning?"
He grew bored of the heat packs and the warm towels and the oxygen quite quickly. Sat staring at the beeping monitors, watched his own heart rate.
Rosie prefers the bedtime stories that Sherlock chooses, and John has long since given up feeling irritated over it and has instead come to enjoy the respite.
He was the hero of the hour, so the media had chosen flattering photographs. There was only one short clip of him looking . . . unwell. And even then, the angle and editing managed to make him look less like an out-of-control junkie and more like some kind of unshaven avenging angel striding into St Caedwalla's Hospital to slay a dragon, John at his heels.
Greg starts his truck. The engine roars. Molly leaps up into the passenger seat beside him. They are both grinning.
"Dick," John said. He stepped away with some reluctance, opened the pub door. The air inside was warm and welcoming.
The webbing dropped away and he fell. The ground beneath him rushed up to meet him and he struck the pavement in front of Barts face first. There was nothing soft to stop him, not this time. His bones compressed, his head caved in and he sank.
"No," he said, wanting badly for the conversation to end but not wanting it to end this way. "It's—fine. I don't talk. About her. Much. And it's—maybe I should."
A shark glides past him, a bit too close for comfort, all flat black eyes and jagged teeth. His heart rate jumps, an involuntary but unnecessary response. He wastes time consulting his mind palace.
and there had been an expression on his face that Sherlock had never seen before. And he'd—he'd wanted to—
," he wrinkled up his nose at that last. "Boring—well, everyone is, really—and more importantly, entirely ordinary. Unmemorable. Easy enough to convince just about anyone that they'd been introduced at a recent social event and immediately forgotten."
There was a pause, and then an unfamiliar and amused little chuckle. He lifted the phone away from his ear, frowned at it.
Sherlock made a scoffing noise in the back of his throat. He put the box back on the shelf. Selected a different box. Dropped it into John's basket.
Mrs Hudson had fed her dinner, and it was getting on her bedtime when they'd returned home to their quiet little house. John had put Rosie down to sleep, had sat alone on the sofa watching television with the volume turned down.
"She was right," Sherlock says to distract himself. He gestures to the chair. "You do like that chair."
He could not say with any certainty who moved in first. But his lips were pressed against John's, warm and soft and utterly thrilling, sending electric shocks of sensation down his spine. His eyes slipped shut and he sighed, breath puffing against John's face.
He spent New Year's Eve alone in his little house, eating reheated takeaway while Rosie napped on the sofa next to him.
The men that came through the door were bland-featured, dark-suited and utterly focused. Norbury's shoulders slumped as she was handcuffed, moved roughly out into the hallway. They did not speak, did not so much as glance in John's direction.
"Oh, I don't know. A fancy party where you get to be the center of attention? Sounds right up your street."
Sherlock breathed, slow, steady, even breaths. He was a deep sleeper, when the urge took him. There was something almost devastating about the sight of him, his body loose and unguarded, his face mashed up against his pillow, his curls in disarray.
Sherlock had said. He had spoken calmly, and evenly, as if stating an obvious fact and not all as if he'd just tilted the entire world on its axis.
"You're in love with him, and you never told him," she said. Her eyes lit up. "That's it, isn't it? He thinks you're angry because you can't tag along on cases the way you used to, but that's—"
"Oh, come on," John said. "You know what she was like. She'd have made all kinds of noise about the kind of life we lead and all of the excitement and then she would have given Rosie a hug and told her to be careful and that would have been that."
John had put Rosie back down on the ground by her toys, had disappeared downstairs with some uncomfortable mumbling about assisting Mrs Hudson. Predictably, Rosie immediately began tugging at the dress.
, but she didn't want me along if I didn't really want to be there. She didn't want to—didn't want us to raise our child like that. Hating each other. And I—I'm not a good liar, Sherlock—"
And he could hear it now, even deep in the bowels of the building—the slow building whump of helicopter blades.
Sherlock's breathing was unsteady. He stared down at John with darkened eyes, with furrowed brow. His face was pained.
Sherlock was staring at him with unabashed affection. His expression had gone soft, his mouth curled in a fond smile, his eyes warm and crinkled around the edges.
John turned. Sherlock was in the hall, smoothing his suit jacket into place. He was fully dressed, shoes and all. Impeccable.
"It's late," he said, finally. He gestured vaguely around the flat. The drug paraphernalia was gone, courtesy of Mycroft, but the room was in a considerable state of disarray. Moreso than usual. And that was saying something.
"What?" John looked from Sherlock to Janine again. Had he just—given in? Just like that? And what was all that rubbish about
There was a creak in the stairwell and then Mrs Hudson was calling out her usual greeting, bustling in through the door with a tea tray.
He swallowed. "Right," he said. He squared his shoulders, tightened his grip on the handle of his cane. "Right. Um. I was asked to deliver a message from Lazarus. He said—he said to tell you that he's been caught in an unexpected rainstorm, and an umbrella is required."
A lie, and not even a particularly good one. Sherlock wondered, sometimes, why he bothered. Perhaps he simply wanted the practice.
A child's drawing. Crayon, wielded by a clumsy but enthusiastic hand. Three people, holding hands. One quite tall, with waves of dark lines that he assumed must represent hair. A grey scribble for a coat. The second person was shorter. Blue legs—jeans, he supposed. The third between them, even shorter. Scribbly yellow lines for hair.
"We've all been wondering—" Victoria said. She eyed herself in the mirror, ruffled her long blonde hair. "—how Janine managed to snag
"Right," she cleared her throat. "Good. Then I'll just need you to come down and turn in your laptop and keys."
"I'll be waiting on that coffee, Dr Watson," Mary said over her shoulder as she and Sarah left the room.
His preoccupation had not gone unnoticed. Sherlock withdrew his hand, looked down at it. Began to work the band off of his finger.
John had glanced down at his hand, then back up. Moriarty smiled at him, a little knowingly, as if he'd given something away.
He could email a realtor, he thought. It couldn't hurt to find out what was available in his price range. It would mean changing jobs again, uprooting Rosie. But he'd never really put down many roots to begin with.
But Sherlock—brilliant, beautiful Sherlock—had caught his gaze from across the room and held it, had stared at him for so long that it felt as if he'd begun sifting through the contents of John's very soul.
When she turned back, Sherlock was once again sitting up. The wild-eyed energy had fled him entirely. There was a slump to his shoulders, and something terribly young and bewildered in his face. He reached up, touched his shoulder, ghosted his fingers over the place John had laid his hand.
"DADADADADADADADA!" she howled. Her voice was hoarse, heat radiating from her body. She must have been screaming for quite a long time.
"You said you'd never been," John said, hesitating for a moment, and then perching on the edge of the mattress. He reached out to grasp a slim wrist, feeling once more for Sherlock's pulse.
She flapped a newspaper at him, and he grimaced and took it, tucked it under his arm as he attempted to navigate the stairs with Rosie in tow.
"You're an idiot," John said. He shook his head, smiled. It was a gentle smile, affectionate, bemused. An utterly inappropriate reaction. He should have been shouting. He should have been storming out. He should have been preparing for a silent, tense ride back to London.
"What you said, about penance? Maybe you're right. I don't know," John said. "But I. I had my reasons for leaving that day, and not coming back. And they weren't the right reasons. They've never been the right reasons."
Her body language telegraphed concern, fear. She'd covered it up with a smirk and a casual attitude. It was, he was given to understand, how teenagers often behaved. He elected not to call attention to it.
Sherlock let the door slam behind him. He stripped out of his rain-damp coat, hung it on the hook in the hall. His suit jacket had largely been spared, but his hair was a sodden mess.
Christine seemed genuine, he thought. A woman touched by tragedy who was making an effort to rejoin the world around her. Not an easy thing to do. He would know.
They'd tracked down the photographer. ("He still charged his full fee! Even though there was no bloody reception to shoot!" Walsingham had roared.)
They staggered together through the snow, John squinting against the cutting wind. He could no longer feel his face. Sherlock seemed to have some idea where they were headed, and John focused on putting one foot in front of the other, trusting the steady presence at his side.
"I regret implying that your decisions were not your own," he said. "You. You have always known your own mind, and to cast doubt on that does you an immense disservice."
Sherlock hesitated, then nodded, once, briskly. He brought up his own hand to cover John's where it pressed, his fingers chilled and damp. He squeezed, once, a silent thanks.
"Just the one," Mycroft said. He stepped up next to Sherlock, shoulder-to-shoulder. Removed a cigarette from his coat pocket and lit it with slow, deliberate movements.
"I—um," John looked oddly bashful all of a sudden, not quite meeting Sherlock's eyes. He licked his lips. "Can't guarantee you'll have my full attention. If she wakes up again—"
Sherlock's back twinged. He was not young anymore. Perhaps he should have thought of that before they'd got—carried away. Bed sounded nice. He wondered when was too soon to start hoping for that next time.
John looks down at the ground. He does not know Lynn Straker well, but he thinks he'd have liked to spare her the sight of her husband's corpse.
It would be even more efficient, John thought, if Sherlock were to strip down entirely. If they were to press, skin-to-skin, beneath both the wool blanket and heavy coat. If Sherlock could dry off and warm up without wet clothes clinging to his legs.
John swallowed down his relief at seeing Sherlock whole and unharmed. He looked to his left. Pete stood against the opposite wall, a gun in his hand.
What had he been thinking? Marching into the bloody SIS building on the word of a man who had barely even shown his face over a shoddy internet connection?
They'd not known of the herculean effort he'd made, at Sherlock's urging, to look at the issue from all angles, to move past what had happened, to patch the hole that had been torn in his fledgling family. Because he had loved her. He had. Even after. Sometimes he did not know if that had made it better or worse.
"Yeah," John had looked down at the ground, had actually huffed a little laugh. When he'd looked back up, his eyes were damp. "I bet you were a terror at that age, yeah?"
Mycroft Holmes reminded him. His words had made John bristle, but he had not been entirely incorrect.
John flopped back onto the pavement, breathing hard. The rain was hard against his face. He thought he might be laughing. Or sobbing. Or screaming. It was hard to tell.
"And she was nervous. Distracted. Shaking. Only giving me half of her attention. I thought the mishap with the flowers had upset her. A bit silly, I'd thought, but then aren't all girls a bit silly about their weddings?"
John shifted where he sat, uncomfortably aware of everything he was not hearing. There was still time, he knew. He could call out to Sherlock, ask him to wait. Bring Rosie downstairs to Mrs Hudson. He could follow Sherlock out into the night and let go of everything weighing on his mind.
Sherlock thought of Rosie at the door, buttoning her coat. Her short, sharp little nod in response to his question.
Sherlock is grateful for that. He will always be grateful for that. There was affection there, between him and Mary. It was the sort of affection that felt a bit like a gunshot to the chest, a bit like surgery, painful and wrenching and skirting the edges of fatal, but it was there all the same. He liked her. He is sorry she is dead. He is particularly sorry that she died in his stead. He thinks John is sorry about that too, though they do not talk about it. He does not want to talk about it. Thinking it is one thing, but hearing John admit out loud that he'd rather Sherlock had died that night at the aquarium might be worse than that gunshot to the chest in the end.
"In a manner of speaking," Sherlock said. His voice was hoarse, raw, and he shut his mouth, clenched his jaw.
The service stretched on. He could not make out the vicar's words. When it was over, the people crowded together in the plain wooden pews stood up and gathered their coats.
John will not seek this out on his own. Not now, not after everything that has happened. He is not particularly skilled at identifying his own needs. Never has been. It was one of the very first things Sherlock deduced about him, a theory he'd proven right when John had abandoned his cane to sprint behind him across rooftops.
In his two years away from London, it had occasionally comforted him to look up at the stars and imagine John beneath the same night sky. Sentimental drivel, of course, and yet he'd clung to it all the same.
"Except—" Mycroft spoke slowly, letting his words trail off as if a thought were just occurring to him. It was an old technique, and a boring one, designed to catch someone off guard.
Card after card after card, bland smiling faces in baseball caps, strangers to him. He kept his expression carefully neutral, hoped he gave off the air of a man on the hunt for something valuable and rare.
The room was dark. He did not bother to turn on a light. Instead, he slipped out of his coat and threw himself into his chair, leaping up again as the seat crinkled in protest beneath him.
He pulled back, reluctant, and looked up at Sherlock there in the weak moonlight. Thought about what they'd been through. Thought about what was yet to come.
She opened it almost immediately. She was wearing an apron, the front dusted with flour. The hall smelled wonderfully of fresh baking.
"If the lady wants a private dance, the lady gets a private dance," John said. He was getting tired of smiling. He reached out, took Molly's hand, kissed it.
but it rankled to hear 'we' used in a way that excluded him. "You've already posted the announcement on your blog."
"Welcome," Wiggins said. He hesitated, then smiled. The effect was a bit unsettling. "We're gathered here today to celebrate the union of—are we celebrating? Everyone looks a bit grim."
John was in the sitting room, in his chair, staring at the darkened fireplace. He sighed when he heard Sherlock's footsteps, put his head in his hands.
"Ah," Sherlock says. "Mrs Hudson won't be pleased about the smell." He is already on the way to open the window.
"Lack of romantic entanglement in spite of clear attraction. And—" he stopped, swallowed. Could no longer bear to look at John's profile in the dark. Turned his head towards the window. "No one else in my life of similar importance."
"Elevated pulse, rapid speech, tension in your shoulders, clenched fist—in anyone else, I'd assume nerves. Understandable, we
"You have no idea," John said. He took a paper and the too-hot cup of coffee. Shook the paper open as he started walking in the direction of his office.
John reached out, picked it up. Thought of that fleeting, uncertain look on Sherlock's face as they'd stood near the table. He must have circled back, purchased it while John had been speaking with the police.
John looks back at him. Sighs. "If you're looking for me to tell you that it was a stupid idea to leap into a tank full of sharks in search of a partially-eaten human hand—"
She had not reacted with horror. She had not lectured him, or shouted at him, or told him what a miserable excuse for a husband-father-friend he was. She'd been kind. She'd been gentle towards him.
"Thank you," Rosie said, when they finally shut the door behind them, blocking out the cold and the damp and the traffic noise. She hung her coat by the door, went up the stairs.
"I—" he found himself, suddenly, at a loss for something to say. This was the sort of thing that John would handle, would smooth over. He had not realized quite how much he'd come to rely on that.
And we've reached the end of this silly little spy thriller. Thank you so much to everyone who joined me for this wild ride! :)
"Yes, fine," Sherlock said, impatient now. "Child has a dog. Dog gets old and dies. Child is distraught but eventually grows up and moves on. Sad story. We've all heard it before."
John finally herded him out of the dining room to take their places by the door. He kept a bland smile plastered to his face as he greeted person after person.
"He wrote home and told us he wasn't worried. Because he had you. Because you'd promised to look after him." Bell looked down at his hands.
John shifted in his chair. The aging springs squeaked again. Sherlock turned his head, looked at him.
"I'm saying—" John blew out a frustrated breath, looked up at the ceiling. He thought about the grieving partners left behind, the endless Facebook posts he'd scrolled through while seeking anything at all that might connect the cases together. "I'm saying that it was a risk. That as good a rider as Christine Thomas is, she still might have been caught unawares when her horse spooked. And—I mean—death by horse? Really? Come on. Nine times out of ten Christopher Thomas winds up with a face full of mud, an embarrassed bride, and a hefty drycleaning bill."
He meant Rachel, of course. Their marriage had not even lasted a year. Sherlock could barely remember her. She'd been nothing like Mary.
"You'd been trying to tell me to piss off in varying ways for some time," Sherlock said. "I was just too much of a selfish arsehole to listen to you."
Like the fact that John is avoiding his own bedroom. The fact that their living arrangement is not working out for him. The fact that he is lonely and miserable and trying very hard to pretend he is not.
"Right," Lestrade said, after a time. He reached out, clapped a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "Glad you're all right. You had us worried."
"Why?" Sherlock asked. His voice was very quiet. There was something sad in it, something almost accusing.
He draws closer, holding himself in check, carefully blank. His eyes sweep over the pair of them. They look tired. Unhappy.
But John knows these skies, and he knows Sherlock. He has been following the forecasts and weather reports. It has been an active week. Sherlock, who loves tornadoes like he loves nothing else on earth, will have positioned himself in close proximity to the anticipated outbreak.
"I—" he frowns, looks down at the ground, back up at John. "Thought you had a double shift at the surgery."
Mycroft rocked back on his heels ever-so-slightly, his face carefully blank, his eyes telling another story entirely.
John reached out, took it from him. Folded it over his forearm. His expression was difficult to read.
"That's not the point," John said, seeming to forget that he'd been eager to drop the line of conversation just moments before.
John could not bring himself to watch. He turned to scan the crowd, his gaze skimming over rows of avid faces. No one seemed particularly murderous. Well—apart from Mrs Hudson. But he felt fairly safe ruling her out as a suspect.
Sherlock opened his eyes. Looked at John, rumpled and beautiful. The carefree joy that had radiated from him just moments ago was fading, bit by bit, from his face, and that was utterly unacceptable. He ought to fix this, and quickly, before John went and decided to spend another year punishing himself.
"Nope," John made sure to pop his 'p', leaned forward, put his elbows on his knees. "She's been drinking. Hip. Doesn't like to take the stairs."
And so on and so forth. They made him uncomfortable, much like the platitudes that had poured in after Mary had died.
"A serial killer, John!" Sherlock said, turning back. He looked pleased. Rosie, John noted, was smiling too. The effect was somewhat unsettling.
Sherlock did his best to resist, at first. He resented clumsy attempts at trickery or manipulation. Truth be told, he resented thoughtful, nuanced attempts at trickery or manipulation even more. It rarely worked. What was the point?
Perhaps she didn't want to be reached at all. Perhaps she only wanted comfort in the face of losing a friend.
"Hold that thought," John said, deciding on the spot. "Let me—we should get takeaway. I'll go bring Rosie up, and you can walk us through—"
John had been unable to stay at Baker Street, then, not with Sherlock's things being slowly cleaned and boxed away. Not in that flat, where the very walls seemed to pulse with the memory of him, where his essence still lived and breathed and hung suspended like dust motes in the air.
The drying bloodstain clashed with the neon colours of the dead man's pricey moisture-wicking t-shirt.
Something could have gone wrong, he supposed. Sherlock had been doing poorly by the time he'd reached the safe house. Sometimes, with physical trauma, with infections—just because the immediate danger had passed, it didn't guarantee a good outcome. And no one was obligated to tell him anything, not really. What could he reasonably expect? Mycroft showing up at his door to tell him that all of his efforts had been in vain?
"I'm sure I did," Sherlock said. He was staring at the shelves, at the jars and tins and boxes, anywhere but at John.
"Mm, I've always rather thought so," she smiles to herself, goes into the kitchen to start the kettle.
"I thought it was obvious!" She was laughing again, bumping up against Lestrade where he leaned in the doorframe. Their body language was comfortable, familiar, and
"It's fine," Sherlock said, aware that too much time had gone by, that he'd been silent for too long.
"In a manner of speaking," Sherlock said. He stared for a moment longer, a smile curling at the edge of his mouth. It was not a particularly pleasant smile—there was something almost startlingly feral in his expression. He strode forward, opened the door.
She responded by settling in close, looking at him expectantly. He dutifully opened the book, started again.
John blinks at him. He is clearly trying to shake off sleep to focus on what Sherlock is saying and he is not quite succeeding, but it will have to do. This is far too important to wait.
He was painfully, achingly aware all at once of his own body's limitations. The creak of aging joints, the pop of tired knees. The way he'd flinched and ducked when he'd sensed danger but had simply
"Right," John said. He placed the order, went back into the sitting room. "Be about twenty minutes."
"Sorry," John said. He stooped to retrieve the lights from the ground. The package had dented but the contents seemed unharmed. He felt flushed, dizzy, unsettled. "I thought. Sorry. You just—reminded me of someone I used to know."
"My what?" John shook his head, tried to pull his hand back, but Sherlock's grip held firm. "Sherlock—"
But this is better, isn't it? This is what he'd wanted in the first place. No protracted goodbyes (again). No forced smiles (again). He's gotten his one last look at John and hasn't had to pretend that all of this is fine.
There was a burst of pain in his lower back, and then—horrifyingly—nothing, just the whistle of wind and his stomach lurching as the ground fell away below him, as he plunged down and down and down, and as the icy Thames closed over his head.
you are!" Lestrade staggered up against the back of the booth, his face flushed and cheerful. "Thought we'd lost you."
To John, the heavy, sugared aroma in the bakery air was almost overwhelming. Too many confections in such a tiny space.
And they'd gone shopping together that year, and Christ, that had been a mistake, a disaster of epic proportions. Sherlock had accosted Father Christmas, had quite loudly requested (demanded, really) a nice murder. Children had started crying. The looks they'd received from shocked and furious parents could have killed a weaker man.
"No giant wedding, with the—the serviettes and the cake tasting and the flowers, all right? I've had enough of that to last a lifetime."
"Janine's right," Sherlock said, never taking his eyes off of John. "Dance lessons would be entirely appropriate in our situation."
The floor gave a great, shuddering groan and caved in. John barely had time to draw in a shocked breath, his stomach lurching as he dropped.
Sherlock grinned up at him from the floor, flushed and bright-eyed. He'd cut his lip. There was a smear of blood at the corner of his mouth, vivid red. "Thank you," he said.
"Shit," he said. He sagged against the wall, put his hand over his eyes. His heart thundered in his chest.
"Expectations that you'll blog about any and all major events relating to me. It would seem suspicious if you didn't mention it. As the best man, of course."
"Taxi is picking me up in about fifteen minutes," she said, reading the question in his eyes. She inclined her head towards the kitchen.
For a moment he let himself imagine what it might have been like if John had stayed. If he'd asked John to stay, in spite of the uncomfortable silence between them, in spite of the expression on John's face that said he'd rather be anywhere else.
"Nicked his credit card," Sherlock said, mouth still curled in unsuppressed amusement. "He didn't even notice. Age has rather dulled his reaction time."
She grumbles a bit, but she has long since finished her homework and slumped, heavy-eyed, in front of the telly.
He did not need to clarify which day. Their time at Sherrinford, however brief, had left its mark. Even now, all these years later.
Sherlock winced. Thought again of John as he'd found him in that basement, shackled to a shattered chair, his hair wet and plastered cold against his head. The way he'd smiled at the sight of him in the shadows. It had been a relieved smile, but not the smile of someone about to be rescued. It was the smile of a man who had realised he would not need to die alone.
, it read. The one beneath that had run a photograph of Sherlock smirking in his deerstalker under the headline
For some reason, the woman had decided to bathe by candlelight. She had only just begun to disrobe when something frightened her and sent her rushing through the rain into the arms of her male coworker.
His flat is still cold and half-empty, devoid of the warmth that Mary had brought to it. He does not even remove his coat, goes straight to the laptop and turns it on.
They looked ridiculous, the pair of them, dancing in the sitting room in pyjamas and dressing gowns. Dancing without music, entirely at ease in one another's arms.
A joke. John has made a joke. Sherlock's mouth twists, an involuntary spasm, almost a smile. He quashes it, makes a show of rearranging himself in his chair instead.
Sherlock glared at him for a moment, ruffled and irritated, like a petulant cat. Then he stood up with more grace than should have been possible and stalked off down the hall, his dressing gown flapping.
Mummy, it seemed, had discovered Facebook. And, in her zeal, had sent out a series of friend requests to, seemingly, everyone whose path he’d crossed at some point in his life.
"You're throwing that around like it could hurt me," she said. "Trying to make me angry so I'll shut up. But John—
The shop was crowded and John stooped to pick Rosie up, not wanting her to be trampled underfoot. She let out a shriek of protest, arched her back, writhed in his arms. He held firm. Sweat trickled between his shoulder blades.
He presses his lips together. He is suddenly terribly aware of his own hands, empty and restless. Downstairs, the door clicks shut. The stairs creak under John's footsteps.
"You were right about the horses," he said, clearing his throat, aware that the silence had gone on a shade too long.
Sherlock's face had shifted back into that careful blankness, that devastatingly still expression that John had come to learn meant he was
and Sherlock groans, drops his head into the hollow where John's neck meets his shoulder. Breathes him in.
He debates waking him, sending him upstairs to his little room. He will be more comfortable in his own bed. But he will not sleep as well.
Well. When that was over and done with, he'd limp back to his office, log in to a messaging program, and provide internet medical consults from his desk.
He tended to Rosie's needs. He made himself a cup of coffee. He showered, stood under the hot water longer than necessary, not thinking of anything.
"He goes off in his mind palace and does—whatever it is he does in there," John said, aware that his voice was growing louder, somehow unable to stop himself. "Tunes everyone else out. It only looks like he's paying attention." He let out another laugh, sharp-edged, brittle.
"Always," Sherlock says. "Anderson doesn't maintain it properly. You know that." He smiles, a quick twist of his lips that is gone almost as soon as it appears.
"Later," he said, smiling as he inclined his head towards the alley, where darkness and danger beckoned. "Yeah?"
"I don't have time for ghost stories and childish pranks," Sherlock says. His voice is rough, too rough, and he clears his throat. "Just delete it."
"Oh, good," she said, and she winked, gave a little laugh. "So we won't have to compete with him for your time."
He did not turn around. He busied himself with the mugs and teabags, took longer than necessary retrieving the sugar and milk. He breathed a sigh of relief as the kettle clicked off.
Janine's hairbrush was on the counter, a stray dark hair coiled in the bristles. The small room smelled like her shampoo. There were two toothbrushes in the little holder.
John looked at him, then reengaged the safety on his gun and set it down on his desk. His hand shook.
He felt paranoid, exposed. The phone was heavy and conspicuous in his pocket, the gun warm where it pressed against the skin of his back.
Sherlock blinked at him. His movements were sluggish, dreamlike. His breath steamed in front of him. The rain was very cold.
John breathed out through his nose. Abandoned one train of thought for another. "I guessed, you know."
Sherlock swept his gaze along the ground, then glanced up at the darkened windows overlooking the alley. He felt a pull at the corner of his mouth, a smile that badly wanted to make itself known. He flattened it into submission.
"I didn't know what to do with it," Alan groans. "I was going to—I don't know. Throw it in the Thames."
The day would come, soon enough, where one or the other of them would not open their eyes. Where there would be no last-minute intervention, no miraculous rescue, no triumphant return. He'd held his wife in his arms as the life drained from her body, and he'd been too numb and horrorstruck and
"Are you in position?" he asked. The weird cheer had gone out of his voice, leaving it flat. He smiled, his lips curling away from his teeth.
There were the memories of his own stag night to contend with, of course. Hazy and indistinct, warm and comfortable and vaguely alarming.
So John had retreated as well. The fridge had been looking rather bare of late, and Sherlock had an alarming tendency to fill empty spaces with unpleasant things.
He is tempted to shout, to give chase, but he can see her through the glass, making her way slowly through the crowd. She is not fleeing. She is giving him ample time to follow.
"There are things you want to change," Sherlock says. It occurs to him that he should be afraid, that there is a chance he is wrong, that he may be opening himself up for a rejection far, far worse than a polite parting. He presses on, regardless. He could not stop himself if he tried. "You have everything you want in your grasp, but you can't keep it. Your words, John."
He took more care with himself, now. He fell back rather than hurling himself into harm's way. He was painfully conscious of his transport, his traitorous aging transport.
Harry was lost in thought, gazing out the window when John finally made it back to the table with their coffees.
"Yeah," John says, hastily, because he recalls the alizarin crimson debacle and has no immediate desire to relive it. "Yeah, there are warnings, but—"
"The house isn't sound," Sherlock said, and his voice had sobered somewhat. "There are burst pipes. That's what caused all of this—" he gestured vaguely to the puddles of water on the ground, murky and dark. "The floor's uneven. The water's deeper over there, by the stairs."
"Never mind," John had said, lifting his head, and offering a smile. It was a forced smile, rigid and uncomfortable on his face, nothing at all like the warmth they'd just shared. "I was just—yeah. Mistaken. My fault."
"I'll—" he sighed, straightened up in his chair. Nodded. "I'll try harder. I'm sorry. You're right."
"You're sure?" John asked. "Absolutely sure? It's not just London, you know. It's the cases. The clients."
Sherlock resumes walking. His footsteps echo in the empty corridors. John walks behind him, quiet, unhurried.
Sherlock sat very still, breathing slowly and evenly. John studied him for a moment. He did not appear particularly concerned, though he did not exactly have the world's greatest track record when it came to self-preservation.
John is holding Rosie's hand when she catches sight of the dog.  They are standing a few paces from where Sherlock is regarding a shattered shop window with his particular keen focus, bobbing his head, craning his neck, running careful gloved fingers along the frame.
John presses his lips together, breathes out hard through his nose. Leans his head back and stares up at the magnificent sky, at the sunlight filtering through towering clouds. Thinks of Moriarty the way he'd been years ago, leaning in the doorway to their laboratory, his dark eyes fixed on Sherlock. Thinks of how Moriarty had almost spoiled it all, everything that mattered, one whisper at a time.
John nods, looks down at the ground as they crest a hill. It is easier to think about the horse than it is to think about Sherlock. Thinking about the horse does not hurt. "Someone didn't want that horse to run in the Wexell Cup. Someone on the inside, someone who works at King's Pyland. Someone the dog would not see as a threat."
"Thank you," John says, when Mrs Hudson has finished her tea. His anger has mostly faded, chased away by the same blunt, numb bewilderment that had settled over him that day on the pavement.
He should have wrenched his arm away, kept walking. Instead he stopped. Stood under a streetlamp with his eyes averted, waiting. He could hear John's harsh angry breaths in the darkness.
He'd frozen up, panicked, and had looked at John's stricken face. John, who would almost immediately begin thinking of everything he could have,
Sherlock stopped chewing, stared at him for a moment. There was a discomfiting lack of smugness on his brother’s face.
She had answered the door in an old t-shirt, her hair piled haphazardly on her head. There had been a bewildered smile on her face, a smile that had fallen when she caught sight of Walsingham over Sherlock's shoulder.
He took it, breathed in. Tried not to shiver with the pleasure of it. Forced himself to scowl instead.
"Sherlock," John says, and there is an unamused smile on his face, his hands have curled up against his thighs. "Please. Just get it over with."
He had no idea if Sholto had left or been escorted out or had disappeared somewhere with John. He'd wasted valuable time thinking about things he could not change and now—
He only needed to tilt his head slightly to bring his lips against John's, to slide his nose along John's cheek, to catch John's warm surprised breath in his lungs.
"But he never came back," John said. He opened his eyes, met Bell's unhappy gaze. "He never came back because he died. I was there with him. I—I know—"
"That's me," John said, lifting his hand and smiling tightly. He pointed to the door. "Yeah. Sorry about that, I'm just going to—"
"For Christ's sake," John said. "He was trying to catch a serial killer. He wasn't about to go around advertising an actual weakness."
did you not understand? My primary contact here is dead. Standard channels of communication are being watched. I need to contact my—my handler, but it can't be through a method that could be anticipated or expected."
now, but she should be in the clear. You'll need to speak with her, and you'll need to be discreet."
He made himself toast and ate it dry, standing over the sink. Anything more felt like too much effort.
"Well," Sherlock said, springing to his feet, moving to the window. "If you'd been paying attention,  you'd have noticed—"
John shrugged his shoulders, slipping out of the too-hot wool of his winter coat. It dragged down his arms, slid to the floor. He did not stoop to pick it up, simply looked down at it, a dark formless shape slumped lifelessly against the wall.
"Two guest exits, there and there," Sherlock said, dropping his voice low as John approached. "Side door that leads to the kitchen. Ceremony will be held in that room to the left—they've already set up the chairs. Guests will funnel through here—" he pointed, "—and will take their assigned seats for the reception."
Janine was on the sofa. She'd got dressed, he noted with some measure of relief. In her own clothes.
"Yeah. Music was good, lots of dancing. Popular spot. Pete's a big hit with the ladies. Mine wasn't even the only hen do there."
"Me," Sherlock agreed. "The younger brother of a well-placed member of the British government. Officially deceased. Unofficially… well, let's say deeply undercover. And someone on the inside, whispering to Moriarty all of my little secrets. I assume you attached yourself to John as soon as you'd identified him as the source?"
They'd giggled and giggled and sobered up and then made eye contact and started giggling again, until he was doubled over, until he could barely walk, and it was only the threat of the rapidly approaching security guard that got him moving again.
He paced. He seethed. He ran through possibility after possibility in his mind. He watched John watching him out of the corner of his eye, bristled under the scrutiny.
"Well," Mary said. "There was a shortage of legitimate job opportunities for someone with my skillset. Thanks to your organization and its
He went to the airport, pickpocketed a businessman and picked a flight at random. He repeated his steps at three major airports, crisscrossing the globe with no destination in mind. He switched clothes and identities and personalities, traveled by rail, by car, on horseback.
John shook his head. "Just—he dragged you out here, all the way from Sussex. Inconvenient, yeah? Might have been easier to go with someone more. Um. Local."
"Bad timing, as I said," Sherlock said. He shrugged. "The killer couldn't risk being recognised and tied to the murder he'd just committed, hence the—" he mimed stabbing, perhaps a bit more forcefully than necessary.
His face burned with embarrassment, with shame, at even thinking about it. He turned away from the door, stomach sick and roiling, skin clammy and cold.
It was clear he expected Sherlock to take an interest in them, blatantly obvious from how conspicuously he avoided mentioning them.
He pressed play again. Lestrade's voice, just off screen. Ah. The birthday video. He'd made a birthday video for John, after the fiasco with the monograph—and oh, Christ, there he was mentioning it.
"What are you doing?" Sarah asks. She has never been one to mince words. He'd liked that about her when they'd first met. They'd tried dating once, but it had fizzled out quickly. Sherlock's fault, he supposes. Lots of things had been Sherlock's fault.
He started to whirl away, hesitated. Spun back. Ducked down, locked eyes with Rosie, and offered her a sudden, genuinely terrifying smile.
"Can I confess something? I will. I'll confess," Sherlock mumbled as John nudged him back upright, began marching him down the hall towards the bedroom. "I was afraid."
"Jesus," John said, his face heating with secondary embarrassment. He looked up at the ceiling for a moment, then took his phone out of his pocket. He logged into Alice's Facebook account and scrolled, suddenly quite desperate for a distraction. Any distraction.
"We can just go for a walk instead," Vivian said. She was smiling. She really did have a lovely smile. "I'm not terribly hungry. Had a late breakfast."
"Always," John said, and leaned back against the cracked vinyl seat cover. Across from him, Sherlock frowned thunderously.
Mycroft's old refrain, haunting and smug. He'd done his best to banish that lesson, but it had been hard-learned.
It was funny in a way, he thought. Here he was, tied to a chair, about to die at someone else's hand, and it had nothing at all to do with Sherlock Holmes.
They both froze at the same time, the sound of footsteps and muffled voices in the corridor unexpected and growing closer.
"Thank you," Janine said with a cheeky little smile. Had she always smiled so much? It was excessive, really. Unnecessary.
John thought about the trapped expression that had flitted across Mycroft's face in 221B, amidst all of the evidence and chaos of Sherlock's brief foray into madness.
A girlfriend might help. Something serious, something stable, something that comes with a sunny flat with a spare bedroom for Rosie. Someone to give John all of the things that Sherlock cannot. (Or, at the very least, all of the things that he does not want from Sherlock.)
"I've just realized—" Sherlock said, and his voice was alarmingly unsteady. "Well. No. That's not quite accurate. I've known for some time. That I—well. But. It hadn't seemed—"
"Wind," he said, because it seemed important. His voice was slurred, his tongue heavy and sluggish in his mouth. "East wind."
he could read years' worth of history in dust, he could trace his way backwards through every book the man had read, every single move he'd made in the flat right up until the moment he'd—
"Yeah," he said, and stood up. "I'm—do you want anything? I'm just going to—um. Croissant. I wanted a croissant. Forgot to get one. Before."
He can hear Rosie rustling in his room, dragging open his dresser drawers. His sock index is most assuredly doomed.
This is not a prank. Disassembling a human body is difficult, messy work. No level of inebriation would account for this.
Mycroft had asked him, later, while the rain beat relentless against the windows and a smoky pall hung over his empty rooms. Sherlock had not answered him. He'd not known
"I don't want that," John said, and his voice had gone so quiet he could barely hear himself. "I've tried that, and it's not—it's not good. For me."
Sherlock had been hunched and wounded, unshaven and miserable. An injured animal curled in on itself. Cautious. Diminished. He'd been
Rosie had the sniffles, kept wiping her nose on the back of her hand. He'd fussed after her with tissues and hand sanitiser for a bit, and had eventually given up. He wondered if the other mothers were judging him for that, finding him inadequate.
"You had the timing all planned," John said, after a pause. He cleared his throat. "You knew exactly when we'd walk by."
"Well," John said, shifting in his seat. "I can offer you medical advice on certain—er, conditions. Or concerns. But if you're in need of emergency assistance, I think—"
"Right," John said, and tried to imagine what it would be like, tagging along after Sherlock and Janine. Watching the pair of them take the lead, play their roles, completely and utterly in sync with one another. It sounded like a bloody nightmare. "I'll—well. No promises. I'll see if I can arrange a sitter."
"Right," John said. He took a step forward and hesitated, uncertain of his welcome. Chose to lean against the doorframe instead.
"Todd brought the body back to their flat," Sherlock says. "What did you do then? Stumble into your room to sleep it off?"
"Tomorrow," Sherlock had said, when Lestrade had approached John for a statement. "He's in shock." And then, after a pause: "Be sure to check the airing cupboard."
The taxi lurched and stuttered through traffic. John looked out the window, watched the slow creep of cars around him. Thought about his phone, dark and silent in his pocket.
"Lestrade," Sherlock said, hasty, as if he'd been startled. "He's a detective inspector with Scotland Yard. He knows me. Start there."
He should not care, he reminds himself. This part of his life is over. It is natural to feel some degree of . . . nostalgia, being here amongst the people he once called friends, doing the work he once loved.
He'd been treated and released at the hospital, once they were satisfied with his body temperature. He'd waited around for hours after he'd been cleared to go. Had finally gone up and stood in the doorway to Sherlock's room. Just to—just to reassure himself. Just another close call. Nothing more than that.
One rainy morning when Rosie was six years old, Sherlock had looked out the window at the steady traffic on Baker Street. He'd watched the cars, and the people, and did not stir until one of Mycroft's dark cars pulled up to the kerb.
It startled a laugh out of him, a genuine one. He leaned back in his chair and shut his eyes. His face flared hot.
John reached out, pressed two fingers against the sweaty, slick-hot skin of Sherlock's neck, felt for a pulse. It was a slow, sluggish thrum beneath his fingertips.
"I've been gone too long," Sherlock said. He spoke matter-of-factly, his gaze a little distant. "I'll need to relearn London. Breathe it in. Feel every quiver of its beating heart."
Rosie paused to listen to his voice, then resumed babbling, slapping her little hands on the table in front of her.
John was not quite sure what, exactly, that said about him, but he was quite sure the final answer was not
"Of course not." Mycroft's smile had been bland, unamused. "He was appropriately threatened into secrecy, flown to a minimum security facility with the necessary set dressing applied, and ultimately met with a proxy." Amusement had crept into his expression at that, and he'd shifted where he stood. "Anthea was more than happy to play the role. She so rarely gets the opportunity to exercise her talents to their full potential. She was quite convincing as the mad artist, I must say."
Of course, that had been right before Moriarty had made himself known. There hadn't been much time for boredom, after.
Sherlock frowns, shifts where he stands. John is irritatingly persistent. He shows no signs of being affected by the malaise that has taken up residence beneath Sherlock's skin. "However long it takes."
"That would be counterproductive," Sherlock said, calm and patronising and utterly insufferable, and John was fairly sure that his tone alone made several otherwise peaceful people in the room entertain thoughts of murder.
"This is the sort of thing you'll see out here," Moriarty says, smiling at the little crowd, oozing charm. "The roads get cluttered up with all sorts of riff-raff when a big storm rolls in. Amateur storm chasers. Wannabe photographers. Sunday drivers. Lookie-loos. It's very easy to tell who the real professionals are."
"One of these days, you're going to get both of us killed," John had said, struggling to secure his seatbelt as Sherlock stepped on the gas, his truck fishtailing on dirt and loose gravel.
"Nothing frightening about Moriarty," Sherlock said, and that was true. Moriarty wasn't frightening, Moriarty was
Amazement seems to be winning out over the outrage. John shifts where he stands. His hand clenches around the handle of his cane, but he does not lean on it.
Cursing, John hurried forward, rounded the corner after him. The street he'd turned onto was nearly empty. There was no sign of Evan anywhere.
John reached down, picked up his shoes. Slipped them on. Wondered again just what the hell had happened to Sherlock in Belarus.
(And John knew it firsthand, now, didn't he? How warm and heavy Sherlock could be, pressed against his side, how his cheek fit perfectly in the cup of John's palm, how his lips felt, uncoordinated and determined and so very soft, against John's own.)
Sherlock held his gaze for a moment, mouth turned down, brow furrowed. Then he chuckled. The chuckle gave way to a full laugh, one that he clearly tried and failed to stifle. His shoulders shook.
When he'd convinced himself that he'd left no discernible trail, he allowed himself to rest. He rented a small cottage under an assumed name, sat and listened to the rain batter against the leaking roof, the wind rattling the windows in their frames.
"I thought," John said, "that you were him." He smiled tightly, aware of how little sense that made, that there was no real way to explain that he'd been living with ghosts for so long that the arrival of one more had not been any real surprise.
yes, fine, Mary, he'd admit it now, he had been). He'd turned Sherlock away because it had been easier to be angry than to take comfort in their shared grief. His subconscious still occasionally infected his dreams with images of Sherlock sprawled limp and bloody on the hard ground, and yet he'd used his own fists to put him there again.
The moon was high and bright, visible through the small bedroom window. John rolled onto his side towards it, tried not to think of the vast empty space beside him, the bedding unwarmed by another body.
"John," Sherlock said, and let his head fall back on the pillow. He breathed out hard, reached over to turn down the morphine pump. John did not dissipate or fade away. He was real.
It all felt a bit like a slide show, brief snatches of colour and sensation, shifting dark blankness in between.
"We're going to have to come to some sort of arrangement," John said. He held out his hand towards the dog, intending to give him a gentle pat.
things like that. He wouldn't see the point of making a vow if he wasn't going to keep it, would he? Not Sherlock.
"Of course boredom has driven her mad, it drives us all mad eventually," Sherlock said. "I spent a week in solitary, Mycroft, and you remember what—you remember—" he'd faltered, looked away, suddenly furious. "My mind," he said, "races like an engine out of control. Yet I seem slow to you. And you, Mycroft, you—"
John had not set foot in the Barts Pathology Museum since he'd been a medical student. He recalled that some of his peers had been fascinated with the place, with its high ceilings and collection of medical curiosities. At the time, he'd been too buried in his studies to pay it much mind, but now—
He went into the flat, looked around. Nothing had been disturbed. Molly had not lingered long. The kitchen was still messy, dishes still in the sink. She'd not felt the need to tidy up.
"Good," she said, and there was relief in her voice. "I'll—um. Call you next week. I'd like to make another trip out to see Rosie soon."
John shook his head, held up a hand. "Just hear me out. You're not right about everything, Christ, sometimes you're the biggest idiot I know. But when it comes to me, Sherlock, when it's me—you are. Always. Always right."
Silence fell between them. It was an odd silence, uncomfortable. He had not shared many uncomfortable silences with John until Dartmoor. They were becoming more frequent, now. He did not much care for it.
Baker Street was quiet, quieter than usual. It was a cold, clear night, and he found himself tipping his head back to look up at the stars.
"It was all—I needed you to react a certain way. I manipulated the situation. You didn't hurt me, John."
"Sherlock?" John's voice was tentative, low. Sherlock could read his hesitation in the uncertain creak of the wood floor.
Something has gone wrong with Sherlock's fall. In the morgue, Molly waits and worries. Written for the 221b Con Flash Fiction Workshop.
She shrugged, looked back up at the ceiling. He did not miss the way her eyes sought the dark corners.
He jabs his finger down on the power button before it can get worse. The fan cuts off. The screen goes dark. All that is left is a faint burnt odour.
about the injuries he'd described. How infection had begun to set in, how his voice had begun to fade. How he'd gone silent, just that morning.
"Hm," Sherlock resumes scratching the dog's ears in earnest. After a moment, he takes his hands away, stands up. Brushes at the long strands of fur that cling to his trouser legs.
His companion had righted himself from the floor, stood forgotten by Sherlock's shoulder, phone grasped in one hand. John could feel the man's gaze on him, fought the urge to glance in his direction.
He lurches forward, sways dizzily on the ledge. John is face down on the pavement, unmoving. There are people rushing towards him.
John is stooped over a cardboard box in the sitting room of their new townhouse, and he has to straighten up to see what she is looking at. When he sees, something in his chest tightens, an invisible fist squeezing at his heart.
Sherlock is still in his chair. He watches as John goes to the sink, fills a glass of water. Watches as John leans against the counter and drinks from the glass, long slow pulls that make his Adam's apple bob. Watches as he rinses the glass, sets it aside to dry. Watches as he stands with both hands braced on the counter.
It had been the look on Pete's face that one night that had put him off. That pitying expression as he'd danced with Sherlock, both of them uncomfortable and hopelessly out of step. That look that had said:
Janine was on the sofa, mid-laugh, one hand pressed against her mouth. She was looking out across the room towards Sherlock's chair. Towards
"Are you—? This isn't—" John stopped. Breathed out hard through his nose. A frustrated sound. "What, exactly, is this?"
"It's all right," John said, helpless. "Sherlock, it's fine. Just go to sleep, you'll feel better in the morning. Doctor's orders."
"But that doesn't explain how it wound up here," Sherlock says. He turns back to Alan, frowns at him. "You're flatmates."
"You just left," John said. There was no accusation in his voice, just a sort of breathless disbelief. "You just—"
"Right," John said, and there was no humour in his voice. There was a muffled thunk against the floorboards as he toed off his shoes.
He shifted restlessly on the stool where he sat. Surely it couldn't possibly take this long to reach the stomach. She must be drawing it out on purpose just to torment him.
John smiles, shuts his eyes, rocks back on his heels. When he opens his eyes again, they are red-rimmed and damp.
But before that, there had been mistletoe in the doorway at Sherlock's parents' house. There had been Mr Holmes, pointing at it and raising his brows, offering up a cheeky smile. There had been Mary, heavily pregnant and dressed in red, making quiet conversation in the room just through that doorway.
There was a flicker of something on Sherlock's face, an oddly stricken expression. It smoothed away so quickly it might never have been there at all.
And yet Evan had reappeared, and John had not questioned it. He'd simply accepted it, that this was—that this was just part of his life now. All of his past failures, all of his mistakes, haunting him in perpetuity with stoic faces and somber eyes.
"She was frightened," Sherlock had said. "She must have been. She was only five. She'd never liked the storm shelter. She fought my father, coming down the stairs. He lost his grip and she slipped free. Ran off. Back towards the house, most likely. I never found out for sure."
"I told you that you were going to be fine, and you weren't." Bell looked at him with flat eyes and a downturned mouth.
"I know she must be eating something," John says, looking at the bit of apple in his hand. "But I swear more ends up on the floor than in her mouth."
Sherlock followed up that display by slipping the florist his number with a sly wink and a salacious smile.
"I'd stop wasting your time on him, if I were you," he said. "He's not going to tell you anything you need to know."
He flopped, boneless, against Sherlock, rolling slightly to avoid crushing him. He shut his eyes, caught in a strange rip current somewhere between euphoria and shame.
"What?" John asked, pausing as he slid the key into the lock. The bag crinkled as he shifted it on his hip.
Sherlock opened his mouth, and this time he did not move quickly enough to dodge John's elbow, which nudged sharply against his ribs. He closed his mouth. Waited.
Snowflakes were settling on his face, in his eyes, his open gasping mouth. Frigid, dirty riverwater in his ears, his nose. He tried to kick his legs. Could not feel them.
Sherlock looked at him, took in the stiff line of his shoulders, the mulish line of his jaw. "Yes," he said, lifting his brows. "A lot like Mary."
Well. Best not to think too much about that. John was alive, too. And as long as Sherlock worked quickly, and cleverly, and carefully, and
John and Mary are moving towards the plane now, and Sherlock gapes after them for a moment, stunned. John has not said goodbye. John has—there was not even an attempt, not a hug, not a handshake, not a half-hearted joke. He's just turned and—
"Well, here's hoping that I meet someone tall, dark, and handsome," Janine sighed. "I think the universe owes me one, don't you?"
"What?" John blinked, thrown. Sherlock did not remove his hand. It was a solid weight through the wool of his coat. He found himself fighting the insane urge to reach up and grasp that hand with his own.
"I'll leave it in your capable hands," Sherlock said. He smiled, tight and bloodless, and headed for the door.
Sherlock pulled onto Baker Street. Drove right up onto the pavement in front of the flat, heedless of honking horns and angry shouts. He glanced sideways at John again. "Should I be taking you to hospital?"
John breathed wetly through his nose. Sherlock frowned, shifted where he stood. Platitudes were likely to be appropriate in this situation. Something like:
"This is Jim," she'd said, smiling in that hopeful way she had. "His team's been studying storms out in Texas. We've, um, been getting to know each other."
John stood in one of the small bedrooms, looking down at a jumble of old chemistry equipment that Sherlock had dumped at the cottage rather than throw out.
"Hello, Watson," Sherlock said, bending to offer her a quick smile before straightening up and continuing past John into the room.
"I can't tell you what to do," Sherlock said slowly. He had drawn back into himself. He looked tense, coiled, ready to flee.
John had been furious at him, that night. He'd left the flat entirely, had gone storming off to Sasha or Sarah or Cindy or whatever her name was. And Moriarty had kicked off his opening ceremonies, had pushed a button and blown Sherlock clear across the room, had laid out the initial terms of their game.
John smiled again, a sort of bright-eyed, wondering smile, and Sherlock shut his eyes and breathed and thought
This time John did laugh, a sharp bark that he could not keep contained. He unfolded his arms, pinched the bridge of his nose. Thought, wildly, of the charade he'd put on to get close enough to speak to Molly Hooper. "Yeah, I—I guess I did."
Sherlock clears his throat, embarrassed and not quite sure why. "You should get Rosie from Mrs Hudson. She'll be awake now, and wanting breakfast."
Their friendship had died on the floor of the London Aquarium. Sherlock had been the only one foolish enough to hope it could be revived.
He stepped carefully towards the well, placed his gloved hands on the cold stone lip, peered down into the darkness.
The horse nudges its large head against his shoulder. He startles, then reaches a tentative hand up to stroke its neck.
Her pinched smile relaxed into something genuine at the sight of Rosie, standing on wobbly legs next to the sofa.
"What—?" John says, pulling back a bit, feeling dazed, drunk. He can hear Rosie roughhousing with Buc in the kitchen, shrill giggles, the clack of dog nails against the lino.
Sherlock had thought about the cottage, in those days. He'd thought about it a lot. Had spent hours in his mind palace, considering it from all angles. It was a bolt-hole, he reasoned. Albeit a more permanent one.
"Well," Sherlock said. "It's your wedding day. An—old flame—" he nearly choked on the words, "—interrupted the ceremony in order to attempt to win back your favour."
In the kitchen, Buc barks. Rosie giggles. There is the thump of a toy being thrown yet again, the scrabble of paws. It is a warm sound. The sound of home.
Well. Sherlock had either heard him, and elected to ignore him, or—or he hadn't heard him at all, had tuned John out the moment the bartender had caught his attention. It wouldn't be surprising. He filtered. That's what he
"My brother, Mycroft," Sherlock had said. "Kept a stash of sweets hidden in his room. It was late, I was hungry, and I'd gone looking for them."
Two nights. Sherlock had been gone for just two nights, and John, in direct contradiction to all good reason and common sense, had
"Janine is—she's a remarkable woman. So sweet. Clever. Beautiful. She deserves better than the insults, the casual disregard, the infidelity. And you, John, I—" Pete shrugged, a helpless
He fought a losing battle against the cellophane on his dinner, muffling his struggles in an effort not to disturb Rosie. He finally managed to wrestle it into the microwave.
with her. Hell, he might as well marry her for real, the way they got on. He certainly didn't need John hanging around, filling up the space with uncomfortable silences.
She turned towards the door, still laughing, as he came through. Her wide smile faltered a bit at the sight of him, and she cleared her throat, quieted. Across the room, Sherlock slipped from his chair, his face sobering. He disappeared into the kitchen without a word.
John laughs, his entire body jerking in Sherlock's arms. He shakes his head, his face pressing into the front of Sherlock's coat. After a moment, he pulls back. Sherlock releases him immediately, not wanting to overstay his welcome.
John's footsteps slow and Sherlock turns, on edge, ready for—well, he's not sure what, exactly. But something.
He shakes his head, fondly. Mary is good for him. He likes her. She's got a sharp enough wit that he's pretty sure Sherlock would have liked her too.
Sherlock's laughter was genuine, he thought. It was the snorting, uncontrolled kind that he did not often share with—well—with people who weren't John.
"No, it's—" John said, realising that Sherlock must have misconstrued his hiss of discomfort. "It's fine."
"What case?" John's face felt hot. He struggled to keep his voice down. "What case could possibly—?"
"There," he says, feeling strangely self-conscious when Harry notices it. He sniffs, schools his expression into one of bored indifference. "Now you've no reason to keep disturbing my experiments."
He lurched forward, not at all graceful, his hands coming up to cradle John's face. His heart thudded unsteadily against his ribs. He was aware of nothing and everything, the world distilled down to the rasp of John's stubble against his chin, John's skin warming under his palms.
She looked down at her hands, picked at her fingers, a nervous gesture. When she met his gaze again, there was nothing pitiable or soft in her face at all. "You had something—you had something amazing. And you just threw it away like it was nothing."
His hand is on John's shoulder, and now John knows what he tastes like, and he knows the soft sounds he makes when he's kissed, and oh, Christ, John has missed him.
He'd found an open pub, gone in for a drink, settled amongst a handful of slumped, miserable-looking men along the bar.
"Look, I'm not really interested in—" she stopped, blew out a frustrated breath. "You knew, from our earlier conversation that—well. That it wasn't really working out. And now you've just sort of stopped showing up for work. So. I think we ought to just make this official, yeah?"
"Yeah," John said. He took a deep breath, decided to take the risk. Stepped forward, cupped Sherlock's cheek in his hand.
He shivered again. Lifted his head, looked at the peeling wallpaper. It had moulded over in parts. He could no longer tell what colour it had been.
John had no idea what that slow, patient, somber voice was meant to convey. "Do you want to be?" he asked, before he could stop himself.
A smile breaks over John's face, a genuine one, crinkling his eyes. It is the kind of smile that speaks of new beginnings, of hope amidst despair, of a hundred other romantic clichés that have suddenly come crashing, mercilessly, through the gates of Sherlock's mind palace.
He bypassed the house, went straight for the woods that stretched behind it. Behind him, John swore and hurried to keep up.
Sherlock had passed a long and dreadfully boring night staring up at the ceiling, distracted only by the throbbing ache in his leg. He found little refuge in his thoughts.
John glanced up quickly. There was something on his face that Sherlock could not quite parse. Something that looked an awful lot like relief. "Yeah. Good. We should get out there, then."
Sherlock cranes his neck to watch him go, and is pleased when John shuts the bedroom door firmly behind him (he'd have slammed it, but clearly does not wish to disturb Rosie and so his default reaction is tempered a bit). John will be reluctant to cede this particular battle of wills. He'll fall asleep in Sherlock's bed just to spite him, and will hopefully emerge well-rested and marginally more cheerful in the morning. (There will be residual awkwardness—he will almost certainly feel strange about sleeping in Sherlock's bed when he wakes, but that will hopefully be offset by the improvements in physical and mental condition).
Lestrade had arrived. He'd been in high spirits, halfway to drunk already from whatever party he'd come from, and he and John had thrown back one set of drinks, and then another. Their voices grew progressively louder, their laughter progressively looser. John seemed determined to shake off the melancholy that had seized him earlier, and though his mirth had a forced quality to it the sound was still welcome.
He'd not considered the fact that John would be looking for more than casual romance. He'd failed to follow his thoughts to the proper conclusion and had thus been caught entirely off guard. An unforgivable oversight.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, stood up. "Took you ages to figure it out, and I told you the truth right from the start."
Mrs Hudson made a huffing sound that was either a sign of genuine amusement or deep irritation. He often found it difficult to distinguish between the two.
John brought one hand up to pinch at the bridge of his nose. He looked tired, worn out, defeated in a way that Sherlock had rarely seen him.
something. That I'm to take something away from this experience, some obscure hint from my subconscious, some pearl of wisdom to—"
that thrilled breath of realization, and had unfolded up from his chair in one graceful rush. "Yes, of course, something happened. Something
"Just don't drag this out any longer than you have to," John managed. He clenched his fist, released it. Breathed out hard.
It was dark, and very warm, and John felt as though he'd been wrapped in wool. He opened his eyes, groaned, shut them again. His head ached.
Sherlock set two teacups on the kitchen table. Dropped a tea bag into each cup. "You'd have spent a significant amount of time outdoors in Afghanistan, although—"
"I will admit a certain—surprise—that a child of her age could possess such keen observational skills. Your doing, I presume?"
And John had been dazzled by him, had been absolutely head over heels in love with him, would have followed him anywhere, but he'd been unable to get those words out when it counted. It might have made a difference. It might not have. John will never know.
"Locked," he agreed. He lifted his head, looked at her. She was lovely, truly. And she was still bright-eyed and smiling at him like this was a date.
"No," Sherlock said. He paused, leaned against the wall, pressed his fingers against his lips. "Not a chef with a grudge. A waiter."
John looked at the faint pink line over his eyebrow, that fresh healing skin that still bore his mark.
He'd need to start looking for another job. Or maybe he ought to give up on the idea of living in London entirely and look to settle down somewhere more realistic. What he'd been doing for the last three years of his life had clearly not been cutting it.
Rosie grinned back, and then seemed to remember she was supposed to be in bad temper and buried her face against John's neck.
A little bell had chimed over the door at the dress shop when he'd stepped inside, rubbing his hands together to warm them. There was no attendant at the front desk, but he could hear muffled voices in the back, and so he'd made his way down the narrow aisles, brushing past full skirts and overdressed mannequins with eerie blank faces.
The man raised his brows, shifted in his seat. His hairline was receding. He begun to grey slightly at the temples.
There is a gunshot, a cascade of shattering glass, and the murderer sprawling on the dirty floor with a hole in his chest and his breath whistling through his teeth.
They went down a quiet corridor and through a set of doors, and then she was rounding on him, all nervousness gone, her face still quite red but all traces of flustered good humour wiped away. She wrenched her hand out of his grip, took two hasty steps back.
On January third, he put Rosie to bed and lay awake in his own room, helplessly aware of the passage of time.
And Sherlock had gone along, feeling slow and foolish and bewildered and warm and flushed and strangely—buoyant—as if a crushing weight had been lifted unexpectedly from his chest.
And mostly, he did not want to go out into the cold and unforgiving night, Baker Street receding behind him like a fading memory.
It had been idealised, Sherlock knew. John's skin looked sun-warmed and tanned, his hair glinting more gold than silver. His face was unlined, unmarred by fear or doubt or exhaustion or strain. His smile was crooked, genuine, magnetic. He had not looked this young in all of the time that Sherlock had known him.
"Good," Sherlock said. His face had warmed. There was an uncomfortable prickling behind his eyes, and the odd fear that he was about to do something dreadfully sentimental. He clapped his hands instead, the sound sharp. "That's settled."
are. He clears his throat. "In any case. Our thief is failing. He'll not want anyone to know. Engineering a haunting is rather a clever way to keep others away at night."
"All right, yeah, so things have been a bit—different—since Lestrade retired," John said. "But. The private clients, at least. You're all right with just—"
"I can't believe it," Lestrade said, a baffled and genuine grin on his face. "Never thought I'd see the day. Sherlock Holmes. Married."
"And I'm not a chat service," John said, once more moving to click out of the window. "Have a great day."
He had received clients in the sitting room, had taught John how to waltz there with the curtains drawn tight and his own heart in his throat. He had slipped to that well-worn floor, eased by John's arms, as his heart stuttered and stilled and paramedics rushed to his aid. He'd taught Rosie to dance, years later, in the same space with the curtains wide open and John looking on.
"Not a mugging. Nothing's been stolen—those sneakers cost a hundred quid at least and they've not been touched. He's still wearing his watch."
There was a young man in a heavy coat standing at the counter. He shifted from foot to foot, nervous, twitchy.
There was the sound of the shop door opening and slamming shut, a muffled stream of voices continuing the argument out on the street.
She is not his daughter, but he loves her just the same. He thinks that John might be surprised to know that about him. But there are truths that John, who knows him better than anyone, has still managed to miss.
John had been on his second beer. Sherlock was squinting into the viewfinder of his camera, fiddling with the settings, his brow creased with concentration.
"There's a gambling ring that's got a bit too overzealous in their methods," Sherlock says, his voice pitched casually but his eyes never wavering from John's. "Not something I'd normally concern myself with, but it ties back to Moriarty and I do like to be thorough."
Once it had been him and Sherlock together, just the two of them, always the two of them, safely enveloped in their own little bubble. Apart from the rest of the world. The memory felt distant now, the edges blurred and out of focus.
He had discovered long ago that it did not matter, exactly, where one walked, so long as he did so decisively. It was a fine tactic for discouraging further conversation.
John looked down at him for a moment, his expression bemused. "Not doing your back any favours, sitting like that. Especially after spending the night in your chair."
"Well," John paused. "No." He cleared his throat, looked back at the wall. "But everyone already thinks we're a couple. Wouldn't be that much of a stretch, really. For a case."
"John," Sherlock says. His voice is muffled against John's neck. He makes no effort to pull back. "What you said, earlier. About wanting to come back when—"
"She could have asked me herself," Sherlock said. He and Rosie emailed with some regularity. She'd mentioned nothing of the sort.
He wants to whirl around, wants to seize John by the lapels of his coat and shake him, wants to bring their faces close together and demand an explanation for John's presence here.
"It's just—Rosie's with the sitter, so I have a few hours. I just thought. If you had something on—?"
He'd never taken it home. Instead he'd clung to the dreary routine of going in to work, of settling into the squeaky chair in his office with its featureless walls and bland paintings. He'd left it set up, a permanent fixture on his desk.
There was a part of him, a deeply buried part, that had thought Sherlock might come after him. That he might simply turn up one day, tall and imperious and terribly out of place in John's dismal little flat.
He ran an index finger along his lips, tried to recall the sensation. His skin prickled. His eyes began to sting and he shut them, breathed in through his nose.
John had stared at him for a moment, his mouth half-open, and then he'd started laughing. It was a shocked, barking laugh, pinching off into giggles as he clamped a hand over his mouth.
John had climbed into bed with him, in spite of his own reservations, and seemed to be making himself comfortable.
Sherlock stands up in alarm, one hand on her shoulder, and relaxes when he sees John. He lets her go. She runs across the path, flings herself into his arms.
Sherlock shakes his head, frowning. He is missing something, he thinks. Something of importance. John does not want to leave, but John knows he will have to, eventually. John does not want to leave. He
"Oh." Sherlock stepped back, his absence sudden and unwelcome. He put his hands on John's shoulders, shifted him aside.
John thought of all the time Rosie had spent with Molly in the first few months of her life. Now she was a stranger.
He didn't much care what her reasons were for avoiding the subject. He'd been relieved not to have to discuss it, not to have to think about it. He'd done little else since it had happened, it seemed, had nearly torn down what remained of his entire world in a haze of guilt and anger.
"It's all right," she said, hasty, too hasty, but her nerves were frayed. "It's all right, I'll take care of it. Just—"
He felt foolish, now, for how long he'd let it sit. He'd got to be quite friendly with Pete during their dance lessons. Under other circumstances, he'd have accepted the request long ago.
"To survi—" he stopped, shook his head. "You know what? I don't want to know. What do you mean by well-connected? If Sherlock were—if he were in trouble. Would you be able to help?"
He hung up without waiting to hear what she had to say. Set his phone face down on the counter. Picked up his drink.
"It's true," John said, and he put his hand on Sherlock's back, intending to give him a friendly pat. Instead he squeezed, let his hand linger. Sherlock's shoulder was warm and solid under his palm. "He did."
"Hm," Sherlock said, and he moved carefully, delicately, resting his knee in the smooth clean space left behind, pressing the very tips of his gloved fingers where they would not disturb fresh trails of dust. He lifted himself slowly, with utmost caution, climbing until he was eye to eye with the gap.
He'd hefted a rifle and walked onto a battlefield without a hitch in his step. He—with a somewhat alarming frequency—flung himself into dangerous situations alongside Sherlock. He'd aimed his handgun more than once, had fired true. He'd gone over the railing on the Jubilee Bridge and into the Thames on an icy night without hesitation.
Sherlock and Janine both looked at him, Sherlock from his chair and Janine from her place on the sofa.
"Only—generally when people talk about a clean slate, they are using the term to describe moving forward. Not necessarily going back."
John shrugged. Pressed his lips together for a moment before continuing. "I'd kind of got used to seeing you around. Looked forward to it. Liked it. Liked
The dog backs off a few paces, still barking. John keeps his movements slow, unthreatening. Slips through the barn door into the cool dark interior.
This time Sherlock did smile, a slow smile, a real one. He glanced towards the door. "Come on, then. I know a place. Fish and chips. Open late."
She takes a sip of her tea, leans in, drops her voice into a conspiratorial whisper. "Understand, John, there was a period of time where I thought I'd spend the rest of my life in Florida."
Sherlock's head thumped against the glass again. The people queued up at the bakery counter had begun to stare.
He supposed he did. With one last glance at the busy street, he climbed into the back of the car, sliding across a comfortable leather seat. Pulled the door shut behind him.
"Don't stare," Sherlock said, looking vibrant and magnetic and entirely out of place in the musty room with its air of stale cigarette smoke and clinging dust. "I need to get close. Act busy."
Leave it to Sherlock to be vain enough to assume a serial killer would view him as an irresistible target. Maybe he wouldn't. Maybe the whole thing was a dead end. Maybe there was no killer at all, just an unfortunate collection of ill-timed tragedies. Then what?
He was conscious of John's nervous breathing, of the tension that had filled the car in spite of his best efforts. Perhaps it was now time for that lingering discomfort after all.
Rosie began to shriek, and he pulled the phone away from his ear, bounced her in his arms, tried to soothe her.
"Right," John said. He looked up at the ceiling. His mouth was dry. "Well. Doubt I'll be getting much help from a dead detective."
"No," Bell said. "You're going to sit there, and you're going to wait. You're going to wait, and wait, and
"Yes, fine," the man said, his tone slipping from brittle amusement to impatient. He leaned forward, his elbows folded on his knees, studied John closely. "I'm here because I received a rather alarming phone call from a woman by the name of Molly Hooper. I believe you are acquainted with Ms Hooper?"
And then John smiled again, a tired smile, and he'd inclined his head towards the bed. Pulled back the duvet and crawled in. And Sherlock had approached quietly, scarcely daring to breathe, as if sudden movements or sound could disrupt the fragile peace between them.
it, hated everything that had happened between them to cause that hesitation—and then he stepped out of the flat entirely, let the door swing shut behind him.
"Fuck you," Rosie had said. Her voice had been steady, icy. There had been no trace of temper, of emotion. They had not been careless words thrown in anger. She'd meant them.
John swallowed hard. A year, he thought. An entire year of his life, wasted. An entire year spent wishing he could find the words to fix what he'd broken. He hadn't even tried.
"You never needed me," she said. "You loved me, John. And I loved you. But I was never the person that you needed."
He picks it up and is surprised anew at the weight of it. He wonders, not for the first time, just what the hell Sherlock had been thinking.
"Yes, obviously," he'd said, looking away from Rosie and fixing his eyes on John. "I assumed you wouldn't be including her in the sale of your home."
John follows his gaze. There is a horse tied to a post near the back, barely discernible in the shadows. It is a sleek coal black, tall and majestic. It snorts and rolls its eyes nervously as the storm picks up in intensity. It seems terribly out of place in this small stable, seems like it should be housed somewhere more luxurious.
He reached over, snatched up the throw pillow from the coffee table. Held it up for a moment, weighing his options. He thought about the warmth of John's arm, pressed against his own, the way his chest rose and fell with each measured breath.
It seemed absurd not to be kissing him after a statement like that, and so John tipped his face forward, brushing their mouths together again. Sherlock made a soft noise and tightened his grip on John's head. There was something at once chaste and frantic about the way he kissed. His lips were warm. His nose was cold. John stroked his back, noted that he was trembling under his coat.
John grimaced as he stood up, grasping onto the table for support. His knees popped. "Should have done that in a bed."
He took the stairs slowly, Sherlock's arm around his waist, each step harder than the last. His muscles trembled in protest. His head throbbed, his throat burned. He wondered why he'd never looked closely at the wallpaper before. It was endlessly fascinating, its patterns, the little whorls and dips, the edges that did not quite line up.
"Well. I know what he likes," she said. She smiled, the expression catlike and predatory and not at all pleasant.
Rosie's face, when he'd spoken. She'd been proud, and pleased, and then she'd been furious. No, not just furious. Crushed.
"You know," John says. "I have a phone. You could have phoned me. If you'd wanted to meet. You didn't have to just go on ignoring the mailings."
And oh, what a stroke of good fortune! He'd only just been evicted from his Montague Street flat (an unfair turn of events in his opinion—his landlord's stipulation had been no
It makes him uneasy. But that does not stop him from pressing the power button with the tip of his index finger.
"The thing is," John says, speaking slowly, thoughtfully. "It turns out that I—that being here didn't really bother me the way that I thought it would."
Sherlock opened his mouth, drew in a breath, likely to say something terrible, and so John cut him off by jabbing a determined index finger into the center of his chest.
Sherlock shut his eyes. Cursed himself for a cowardice he had not known he'd possessed until John had come into his life. Clicked on the email.
Nothing he couldn't handle. And he had. Handled it. He was Sherlock Holmes, after all, known to be indestructible.
"Someone had to say it," she said, and now she did look sorry. Not sorry enough, in John's opinion, but there wasn't much he could do about that.
Rosie was starting to fuss by the time he departed the train in Bristol, and she seemed ready to work herself up into a proper tantrum by the time they got outside into the frigid winter air.
He had not died a hero's death. Scotland Yard has distanced themselves from him completely. He is a joke, a fraud, a liar. He died in shame, unable to face up to his crimes. That is what they say.
"You sent everyone home," John said. His voice seemed startlingly loud in the midst of all that silence.
sick with guilt over his own behaviour and furious with her for leaving and for coming back and for dying, and irrationally, wildly angry at Sherlock most of all, Sherlock who had seemed so
He'd held her and rocked her and carried her around the room, tried to reason with her, tried to distract her, tried singing and goofy faces and turning up the telly.
Sherlock hesitates, indecisive, studying him. "Sharks are disinterested in human flesh," he says, finally.
His pulse spiked, the traitorous monitors giving him away. He cleared his throat, struggled to move.
was just sentimental drivel, anyway. It wasn't John's chair. It was just a chair. Just a chair that John used to sit in. That was all.
He stood up in a rush. His face felt unpleasantly warm, his hands cold. He needed to move and so he paced, turning in a circle, thinking, thinking.
There was no one. He had no friends. He'd managed to isolate himself, to alienate everyone in his life. No one would want—
Sherlock sucked in a breath, looked at him. Took in John's miserable, pinched face, his eyes still damp and red and irritated. John was not lying. John was telling the truth, and
They were all bad days, and every sore throat and sprained wrist and skin rash and headache only ever made it worse, not better.
Sherlock swallowed. Thought about John standing in the doorway to his flat, looking stiff and uncomfortable and not at all sure about why he'd come. The tight smile, the unconscious twitch of his hand. The mud on his shoes, the crumbs on his jacket, the reluctant body language that screamed delay and avoidance. The way he'd bolted—like a frightened animal, and not at all like Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.
"There were lulls," he says. He smiles, without any particular humor. He had been grateful for her company, in the car, but now he has begun to wonder if he has made a mistake in bringing her here. "Just—stay by the car. I'll find Sherlock, get him to sign the papers, and we'll be on our way. Home by dinner time."
Something twisted in Sherlock's heart, and he took a step forward, confidence faltering, hand outstretched. His chest exploded in heat and fire, punching the breath out of him. This time his knees did give out and he plunged to the ground, thinking
Mycroft had promised to take care of it, of course. It is possible that Moriarty's agents are, even now, being neutralised.
Rahid, the partner who had hired him on at the surgery, hailed another round. The barmaid took John's empty glass, swapped it for a full one. Beer sloshed over the rim and he swore, shook his fingers, swiped them on his trousers.
John went to the kettle, lifted it. It was empty. He turned back towards Sherlock, lifted his brows.
Sherlock slowly emerged from behind a display of pasta sauce. There was a brief flicker of something sheepish on his face, immediately swept away in favour of a blank, haughty expression.
John studied the rigid line of his shoulders, the damp curls of his storm-tangled hair. He ought to say something, he knew. He had things to say.
Sherlock looked down at the ground. He had intended the message to be clear. He had been pleased by the savage simplicity of it.
"Old school mate of mine, actually, bloody brilliant virologist. Runs a research program up in Glasgow. Bumped into him the other day, thought he'd be perfect for Sherlock."
He thought of his bedroom, tried to remember. Had his bedding smelled of John? He had passed more than one sleepless night overwhelmed by inconvenient and unwanted surges of affection, of distraction, of pure dizzying
"No need to relive the greatest hits," he said, keeping his tone mild, a little bored. "I assure you there's nothing wrong with my memory."
She pushed past John and made for the door, shoulders squared, chin up, heels cracking like gunshots. She yanked open the glass door, then whirled back. "You ought to marry yourself, too. Clearly that's the only person you care about!"
Average temperature of the Thames was—was—he had data on this, he did, he'd done extensive research—twelve? Twelve degrees? Colder in winter. That meant—
"Hush now," he told her, as she fisted onto his coat and burrowed closer, still screaming. "It's all right."
The thought made him feel sick to his stomach, like the ground had dropped away below him and left him in free-fall, plunging ever downward. He'd been falling for months, it seemed. Years. Surely he must hit bottom eventually.
And no one had ever told her, not the details, but Molly was very good at seeing things that no one wanted her to see. So yes, she had known.
"Wait," Sherlock said, and some of the smugness went out of his voice. He stood up as well, not particularly gracefully, his hands fluttering at his sides.
He stood up, slipped on his white coat. Looked back at his computer and breathed out hard through his teeth, steeling himself. Then he went out into the hall.
"She impressed you. In your office last month, when she found your little secret. Hence your sudden and uncharacteristic interest."
"And yet you've involved me anyway, making sure to air the last gasps of your dying relationship loudly enough for anyone in the vicinity to hear."
Except—he'd done quite a few things he could never have imagined himself doing, hadn't he? He'd proven, time and time again, that he wasn't the man he thought he was. That others thought he was. That he wanted to be.
"No, you absolute cock," John said, and smiled, because that was a bit easier. It was how they had always been, insult and affection in turn. He breathed out, let his fingers toy with Sherlock's sleeve. "Let me finish. I'm sorry that I—that I didn't get to wake up with you this morning. Would have liked to. That's all."
"I'm sorry, love," he told her, the guilt and shame rushing in to claim the space vacated by his rapidly receding anger.
John's lips slipped unerringly against his, the tip of his tongue darting out to seek welcome. His mouth tasted of mint. His left hand came up to cup Sherlock's face, his right hand twining their fingers together where they pressed against the sofa cushions.
Sherlock's mouth twitched into a smile. He ducked his head, cleared his throat. "Well. Also, there's been a murder in town. I assume the police will be by shortly to request our assistance."
"I'm the blind date," Sherlock said. He sounded curious, a little stunned. An unexpected deduction, John supposed. One that had come just a little too late.
Away from the windows the corridors are dark and echoey, the walls adorned with stone, presumably to make the experience more immersive. He dislikes the way his footsteps resonate, the way voices bounce off of the walls. There is something claustrophobic and unsettling about all of it.
Sherlock shrugged, a smile once again twitching at the corner of his mouth. "Seemed like a good idea at the time."
John shifted again where he stood in the doorway. Sherlock sat exactly where he'd been the last time John had seen him. His expression was closed off, achingly far from that bruised and searching gaze he'd once fled from.
"Tell me I'm wrong," John said, and there was a smile lurking at the corner of his mouth. "You're just killing time. Waiting for Lestrade to stop talking to forensics so he can give you his full, undivided attention."
The man turned around, revealing his unfamiliar face, and Rosie recoiled, shrinking back against John's chest.
The smell of the smoke was quite sharp in the cold air. Sherlock breathed it in, shifted where he stood. Looked up at the buildings all around, at the icicles dangling from eaves, gleaming under the streetlights.
He kept walking, not giving her a chance to speak. Mary looked up from the reception desk as he hurried past.
"Someone out there is feeding human remains to carnivorous fish, and you want to confront them on your own?" John barks a laugh, shakes his head. "No. Nope."
There had been something in his tone that Sherlock did not care for. He'd crouched down, carefully unwrapped the first canvas.
"I am in love with you," Sherlock said. His voice was shockingly steady, devoid of inflection. Emotionless. "What more could you possibly need to understand?"
He needed to do something. There was nothing to be done. Sherlock would live, or he would die, and there was
"Sherlock," Molly said, and she sat forward, her hands clenching against the couch. "Don't do this. Don't—you need to tell John. At least. Before—"
Now, Sherlock did not even have to speak, the very sight of him was enough. It made John want to scream. It made him want to throw things, to kick, to shatter, to tear apart. To hurt.
Lestrade shook his head, smiled. He took a step forward, went ahead with clapping Sherlock on the shoulder. It was a hearty thump, a far more robust greeting than the situation called for.
There was a small smile playing on her lips. She did not look like someone who had been arrested and interrogated.
"It will be all right," John murmured, his lips brushing Sherlock's ear in a way that made him shiver.
John met that gaze, that pained, piercing gaze, and then let his eyes drift shut. He brought his hand up, cupped Sherlock's bristly cheek, kissed him once, gently. Pulled back.
The hallway was no cooler than the room, although it had the benefit of being empty. He leaned against the peeling wallpaper and thought about the photographs. Hattie in her wedding dress, going through the motions, her hands shaking, her eyes on another.
The waiter was studying him, his expression intense and focused. His eyes were pale and keen behind thick glasses, his mouth curling into an odd smile underneath a—a drawn-on moustache.
Inside the wardrobe hung a neat row of bespoke suits. Next to them, an assortment of slim shirts in jewel tones. John reached out and touched one of the sleeves. Good material.
John watched with a numb creeping dread as Sherlock smirked and excused himself. As he made his way past the racks of ruffles and satin, as he brushed by the attendant (who shot him the most disgusted look John had ever seen leveled at another human being). As he opened the door to Victoria's little dressing room and slipped inside.
"Christopher Thomas was the first victim," Sherlock said, toning down his interested good humour slightly. Only slightly. "Apparently there was a good deal of money tied up in the wedding. Something of a spectacle, by all accounts. He and his bride had arranged a photo opportunity on horseback following the ceremony. Witnesses claim there was a loud noise. His horse spooked, he was thrown. The whole thing was caught on camera."
But then Sherlock shifted, his shoulder bumping against John's, their fingers brushing together, the contact fleeting but intimate.
"Oh, what am I even saying," John mutters, shifting in his seat, suddenly uncomfortable. "Your idea of
"How do you fit into all of this?" Mycroft pressed. He looked at her, and then rolled his eyes. "Oh, don't look so surprised. We've been aware of your movements ever since you reentered London. Despite what recent events might suggest, we're not
"Just like that," he says. He pecks her on the cheek—anything more feels wrong, somehow, here amidst the corn—and sets off towards Anderson's ridiculous RV.
"Does it really surprise you?" Sherlock's voice was soft. It was strange, coming from him. That care. And somehow, at the same time, not strange at all.
hurt. And it wasn't as if he had any plans for those peas. He'd never even known they were there at all.
He might as well have, for the way his face froze. The warm curiosity bled out of him in a rush, leaving him as pale and brittle as he'd been when John had dragged him out of the Thames.
He shifted Rosie off of his shoulder, held her out towards John. She grumbled in sleepy protest, her eyes fluttering open to stare accusingly at him.
"Shallow, like you said. Lucky you were wearing your gloves. This shouldn't scar," he said. He bit the inside of his lip, looked away. Sherlock was already scarred.
She fell silent for a long time. Too long. He could hear her breathing through the line, slow and uncertain.
"Don't much care if it's fake," John said, dropping his voice, putting both hands on Sherlock's shoulders, turning him back towards the crowd. "It's likely to be the only wedding you have—"
"Dinner, then?" Sherlock asks after a moment. He is still studying them with some degree of intensity.
Sherlock leans forward.  John's cheeks are hot against the cool of his palms, rough stubble dragging damp against his skin. He cradles John's face in careful hands, close enough to feel John's breath against his lips.
Jeanette got restless if they hung around too long without doing much of anything. And so they went out instead. Tonight, they'd ended up in a posh little club with drink prices that did his blood pressure no favours.
John huffs a little laugh, scrubs his hand across his face. "Sherlock, I'm so tired that I could sleep on the floor and it wouldn't bother me."
The attendant bustled over from somewhere in the back, lugging three dresses with her. She gave John a curious look, stepped around him.
He jolts, looks to his left. Sally Donovan is approaching with an armful of maps and an incredulous look on her face.
"I don't understand it," he said, and it felt like a balloon was slowly expanding in his chest, cutting off his airway. His voice sounded distant, unfamiliar, gasping and choked. "It's not—I don't—"
"This must be little Rosamund," Sarah said, bending down to smile at Rosie. Rosie, ever delighted to be the center of attention, beamed back.
John looks down at him. His eyes crinkle. It is a fond expression, a little amused. "Yes," he says. "Well.
John huffed out a laugh, knocked his shoulder against Sherlock's. The motion was natural, instinctive, and it triggered a nostalgia so strong it took his breath away. "My way was faster."
The message icon popped up just as John had finished settling Rosie down for an afternoon nap. He took his phone with him into the sitting room, settled down on his little sofa and turned the television on. He kept the volume low.
Sherlock's hair had flattened in the rain. It made him look a little younger. More human. The sight of it made something in John's chest go terribly soft and fond.
"I'm going to call off the wedding," John said. He lifted his hand, pressed his palm against Sherlock's cheek, just for a moment. His fingers were cool against Sherlock's heated skin. "All right? And then we'll talk."
John smiled tightly, met her gaze. His own gun pressed against his back. He did not dare reach for it.
John craned his neck, found the coat and jacket on the ground, tossed aside. A hasty, careless pile. Not at all the way Sherlock normally treated his clothes. John stared. Sherlock's gloves were slumped lifelessly by the door. They were torn, dark and wet at the edges of the frayed leather.
"Oh," John said, realising, taking a half-step backwards. He went hot, then cold with second hand embarrassment. His heart seemed to stutter in his chest before restarting. "Jesus, Sherlock, I didn't actually want the details—"
Jeanette went to the bar to get another round of drinks, and John resisted the urge to let his head drop down onto the sticky tabletop he was leaning against. He liked Jeanette, really he did, she was tall and dark-haired and lovely, and she cut a striking silhouette in her long winter coat.
"—but you think I should pretend to be enjoying myself for the sake of the two photographers who have just taken up residence at the third table from the door?" There was a wry sharpness to Sherlock's tone.
Sherlock slams on the brakes. The wheels slip helplessly through the mud, and they skid forward, the truck battering up against the wooden structure.
Sherlock brushed past, into the foyer. Let the door slam behind him. “Call and order something. I’m starving.”
, the headline read. There was a photograph of Janine and Sherlock in their wedding finery, a cartoonish broken heart slapped over it.
"That's—" John paused, looked at Sherlock with bewilderment etched in the lines of his face. "Not exactly what I was expecting."
"Need to borrow your dog. Won't be long." The man reached out and snatched the leash from John's hand, turning and striking out briskly down the path into the park.
He does not make a show of it, does not crouch down and babble at them, but he quietly and carefully acknowledges almost every dog they see.
"I have no idea," he said. He leaned over and retrieved his cane from the aisle, looked at it for a long moment. Its weight felt foreign and unwelcome in his hand.
For a moment his mind stuttered, glitched, and he was sore and trembling and tired, just out the other end of a dark and winding tunnel. And John was in the room, and John was speaking to him, but John was closed off in a way that seemed permanent, that seemed final.
Dr Reddy stopped talking. She folded her hands in front of her, studied him. The gesture reminded him, sharply and uncomfortably, of Sherlock.
Sherlock's lip quirked. "Most days I'd be all too happy to agree with you. But in this particular instance—"
Jennie Teller's recent updates were subdued, ordinary, boring. Proper capitalisation and punctuation. Mentions of work events, evenings out with friends, some sort of class she'd taken that seemed to mix painting with copious amounts of red wine.
"Like I said, might have lied a bit to get him here," Greg said. "But it was worth it, yeah? I'm setting him up."
Mycroft, he realised, would have heard all of it. He'd have noted the exact moment that Sherlock realised John was not coming for him, that John was not going to save him. He'd heard Sherlock's failure, there in the symphony of muffled grunts, in the huff of Smith's laughter, in the broken rasp of his last breaths.
He gripped the wool tightly, stared at it. As a child, given such a gift, he might have embraced it and then Mycroft in turn.
Dr Reddy, one of the partners, stood in the doorway. She smiled at him, though it was a tight smile, pinched with concern.
John dialed in, tucked the phone against his shoulder as he went back into the kitchen to see to the eggs. He took the pan off the heat. Rummaged around for plates.
Sherlock tipped his head to the side, waited as Lestrade eyed him in the torchlight. There was poorly disguised concern in his expression, in the way his gaze lingered first on Sherlock's face, then swept him up and down.
“We, erm, we better be getting back… right?” John piped up, rather hesitantly, once the bells had ceased.
John stumbled to the door, and out onto the landing, without turning round, fists clenched at his sides.
“See you later, Sherlock,” was all she said, and she left, running to sit by Sebastian and Janine at the Slytherin table. Sherlock glared at her.
John walked, well... stumbled… up the winding staircase, eventually finding his way to Sherlock’s room. After a few attempts at turning the handle, he found Sherlock sat cross-legged on his carpet, staring into the bottom drawer of his chest of drawers.
It was Carl, walking out of the water, wrapping a large towel around himself and collecting a bundle of clothes, before running over to them, shivering a little. Sherlock gave John a sideways look.
Then, with his free arm, Sherlock carefully took John’s glass from him, before reaching for the throw on the back of the sofa and draping it over the both of them. And there they stayed, until Mrs Holmes came down hours later to light the Christmas tree.
“You’ve said, John,” Sherlock said coolly, now watching Hagrid shove pieces of old sofa cushion into the gaps in the fire’s structure.
In beautiful unison, all fourteen players on the pitch mounted their brooms, and flew gracefully into the sky and began circling the crowds. John flew just metres from where they were and the applause was magnificent.
“Summer? Fine. Even better, having received no mail from you.” She smiled bitterly. “I was chatting with Sarah earlier. Apparently you wrote to her quite a bit.”
“She’s done it, although I find that unlikely… It’s a sensitive subject, apparently, so isn’t keen on having in the papers or too widely known… Or she’s an idiot and doesn’t understand that murderers are dangerous…” Sherlock reeled off, head resting tiredly on his hands, looking out of the window again.
He opened his eyes blurrily, finally focusing on the messy mop of dark hair above him, glancing guiltily at Sherlock’s delicate, undisturbed face only just visible in the early-morning dark. Christmas morning.
The following morning brought a lot of excitement within the castle, some understandably left over from the unexpected mishap of the night before, but most certainly it was due to the fact that that morning brought the first quidditch game of the season with it.
Reaching the courtyard, he saw a large crowd of students, third year and upwards mingling excitedly, and in the midst of which stood John. Sherlock spotted his rather ugly cream jumper before he saw John himself.
“Oh. Wow. Right…” John nodded, his eyes slightly wide at the speed at which Sherlock had reeled off this information. “Although… It’s Greg, by the way.”
The three of them sat there a moment more, revelling in the autumnal haven that was Hogsmeade village, watching as people apple-bobbed outside of shops, performed music about phantoms and witches of old, and entertainers who produced flourishes of bats out of the ends of their wands, until it was interrupted by Steven Bainbridge running over to join them.
John sighed, clearing his throat, not changing the subject whatsoever, “Greg, I think your pleasant morning is about to be made even better, or horribly awkward, as to be decided in the next five seconds”
Professor Sholto was standing before her holding four dripping wet boys by the collar, a Mr Lestrade and a Mr Watson in one hand, and a Mr Hope and a Mr Wilkes in the other, all with pure fury plastered across their faces, along with a hefty smearing of mud.
Soon enough, Mr and Mrs Holmes were piling suitcases beside the fireplace before flying away to Amsterdam in a puff of green smoke and a faint smell of burnt toast, and it was just Sherlock, John and, loathfully, Mycroft left at the cottage.
In the weekend that followed, and the week ahead, Sherlock became aware that John was suddenly becoming a part of his daily routine. He saw him at breakfast, even the days when he didn’t eat a bite, and found John had saved him a seat in all lessons they shared, either by his side or Geoff’s. Even in his breaks, his lunchtimes, his free periods, John would miraculously be there. He liked it. When he would slip off to the owlery, or the library all of a rush, John didn’t bat an eyelid. He would simply say “See you later” or, preferably, “Do you want me to come with you?”.
The rest of the evening went as most Christmases do. Mr and Mrs Holmes woke up with a second wind and thought bringing out a cheese board was the next logical step, Mycroft’s face got redder and redder after each sip of mulled wine, and Sherlock was smug in collecting John’s ten galleons,
“No, no it’s fine… Who’s this?” she said, nodding to Sherlock who had reverted to staring into his cup.
“Look at them – letting them drag along the floor behind them like that, no way they’re new. It’s to intimidate you.”
“Er, yes exactly. Good, John. Now in the darkness of the Owlery, the colouring of the bruises on his face and body I thought to have been caused by a hands on approach, but in lamp light the marks appear to be redder in colour, red-raw, almost burn like, as if done by fabric or cloth or-"
“What?” Greg coughed, straightening his face quickly as best he could, John burying himself in his cauldron as Magnussen leered in at them.
The angle at which the flames whipped the crowd the previous night had not been random or spasmodic, but calculated, sequenced and repetitive, licking precisely three recurring points in their surroundings (and getting dangerously close to the students on their way around). These three points were where Sherlock, irritably, was searching.
“That doesn’t even count as ice-cream” Greg babbled through his mouthfuls of thick whipped vanilla and watermelon rind sundae, covered in every topping anyone could possibly think of. “Mine counts as a meal that’s just liquid!”
