The smell of nearly-burning garlic bread greeted him when he stepped out into the hall, and he hurried down the stairs to the oven before it had a chance to burn completely on him.
Hands clamped around his arms, immediately dragging him back. Laughs came from the person dragging him along. Castiel grunted and thrashed, getting one hand free momentarily before it was crushed in the young man’s grip. From behind him Azazel spoke. “I wouldn’t try to get free too hard if I were you. Those bruises look nasty, and I would hate to make them...worse.” Azazel punched him hard on the nose, making it bleed profusely.
When he slipped out the back door, his mother was still watching TV. He barely looked at her to make sure she wasn’t going to stop him. She was just sitting with her eyes glazed, staring at the TV like she was blind. She wasn’t going to get up for a while, if she didn’t fall asleep. He closed the door and locked it with a key behind him.
Dean whispered ‘I love you’ into Castiel’s ear until the light was gone from the blue eyes, and what little life there was in the desecrated body had left. Sam was standing silently next to Dean, not saying a word with tears running down his face, though not as many as Dean. Dean tightened his grip on the body, yelling his name over and over though he knew he was gone.
“Really sir, I think she’d benefit from seeing Castiel, he’s just in the back of my car, he’s looking pretty rough….”
“Little bitch didn’t even have the balls to rat on us” Azazel replied, and they kept up the banter for a couple more minutes, until Dean heard Sam come home.
“All I’m saying, is lay off the kid. Have a nice day.” She handed him his book at last and he grabbed the rest of his group before walking to his car.
He hears the doors of Dean’s school-famous Chevy impala open and close, and laughter cut off abruptly. The engine started and faded as they rode away, leaving Castiel with his hatred.
Castiel coughed, his throat sore. “Tomorrow.” He said scratchily, hoping dean didn’t punch him again. Dean fingers were digging into his cheeks and chin. He just wanted to be let go.
As he packed the lunches in their seldom-washed containers, Dean looked absently at the  cuts on his knuckles too. They had stung like a mother in the shower, but he was no pansy and didn’t mind them. Well, not much anyways.
Two days after Jo talked to him, Dean and Sam were driving home from school. Sam hadn’t stopped ignoring him, except to write down little messages on the legal pad he now kept handy if it was absolutely necessary. Dean had suffered the complete loss of conversation from his little brother for a whole of three and a half days, and he was getting damn tired of it. While the pit of seemingly endless stress in his stomach hadn’t eased up either, he found the determined and silent set of Sam’s jaw to be just a smidge more annoying. The legal pad was the only response he got- apart from the heated glares dished out when Dean chose to be particularly annoying at times. The only perk to Sam being mute was that he could sing anything, anytime, anyvolume, and Sam couldn’t verbally complain.
There had been days when Castiel’s father was home, where he hadn’t eaten a crumb, or was locked in his room for hours because he was being too loud, or he wasn’t aloud to go outside on the weekend because he hadn’t gotten a perfect score on a test. His father didn't care about Castiel beyond his wrongdoings, or how much money it took to maintain him (an interest both his father and his mother shared) And even then he didn’t get the stuff he needed. Once he had been sick with the flu, in bed all day with a fever and they hadn’t done anything besides yell at him to clean up when he accidentally vomited in the living room. He had been so ill that time, he thought he was going to die and his father would cover it up like he was a pesky family pet he had been waiting to be rid of.
Castiel started getting up as fast as he could, using the locker behind him for purchase as he shot up. He hated sitting down while they stood, it made him feel like an ant with a boot poised above his head, ready to smash him into bits.
Castiel’s ears perked as he heard the shower upstairs turn off and the shower curtain ripped back on the metal rod it hung on. His mother was out of the shower, and she normally took 10 minutes to get dressed, and they would be pushing it but they would probably be on time at the hospital. Castiel didn’t want to piss off their nurses or doctor by being late, but he couldn’t exactly rush the one driving him there so they would just have to be patient if worst came to worst.
He woke up suddenly, with a sharp intake of breath that made him cough weakly. Fear washed through his hair to his toes, probably making him sweaty. But he couldn’t feel anything outside the general cocoon of nastiness he always felt when he woke up covered in his own blood and drool on the kitchen floor.
“You fell….into a swimming pool?” She asked, sarcasm lining every syllable. He shrugged, and winced when it irritated his arm.
Of course! Here it was, the catch. The reason Jo sat with him at lunch. What was she, reporting back to Dean when he got home like some sort of spy? This was absurd. He turned to stare at her angrily. “Is this why you’ve been sitting here then? Because Dean told you to? You’ve been scoping out the place and decided that maybe the loser rich kid needed a few more reasons to hate life? Are you setting me up? Am I going to walk out that door and get ambushed by those dicks?” He didn’t want an answer though. He stood and grabbed his things, again, almost crying out as he unbent. Bruises were horrible.
“Oh come on, we’ve all seen the Batman movies. I think Joker is a close second.” Chided Azazel, apparently following Dean’s train of thought.
Jo passed him a couple of times that day, glaring red hot pokers into his eyes. Well, he passed her. Whenever she tried to stop him to talk he would sidestep her and move along, quicker than before. By the end of the day he was tired, in every sense of the word.
Dean was still kind of impressed by how much Castiel fought. He had almost  almost slipped out of their fingers a few times, but never quite got as far away as he needed to to  escape properly. It had been fun, getting him there. The first couple of dunks had been exhilarating. Every punch Dean landed was like a boost to his confidence. But then those feelings started fading as he watched Alistair hold Novak under the water for increasingly long amounts of time, barely letting the RichDick breath before shoving him under. And as much as Dean enjoyed a good hazing, this was edging a little too close to manslaughter for him to stand. What if they got caught? What if Novak passed out while he was still under? What if he died, and his loaded parents sued the school and the people responsible? His dad would fucking kill Dean. Guilt might have also had a part in his mutiny, but he tried not to acknowledge it.
“Why not?” Dean asked, exasperated. “You fought and landed on your ass but he’s gotta help you find somewhere sometime right? You’re not just gonna lay in church basements 'till he gets tired of counting his money alone.”
“Got ‘im.” Snickered Azazel, shoving Castiel away from him. He stumbled into a little circle. Dean was to his left, Alistar in front, Azazel and Uriel to the right and behind him.
He was steadily approaching school grounds. His wish to not step a foot in the buildings was also steadily growing bigger, but he tried to take his mind off of that. The trouble was, there wasn’t very much he could think of that would cheer him up. It briefly flittered across his mind that he could try to imagine the Knights of Hell getting what they deserve, say, disembowelment, but Castiel crossed that option off his mental checklist. Unless he was in a really bad mood, he wasn’t much for the whole plot-your-enemy's downfall thing.
“Oh, you sound like you’re a little hurt. Who did that to you, Cassy?” Alistair asked, whining with fake sympathy. “Was it me?” Castiel kept his eyes exactly where they were, determined not to let the bully see too much of his fear. “No, it wasn’t.” Alistair sighed. “I know it wasn’t Dean, he’s been home. He woulda told me if he’d got you again.” He sounded thoughtful, and Castiel wondered why he noticed. Surely he always looked on the verge of death? With how much he was treated like a punching bag, surely these bruises weren’t anything new to Alistar?
“I don’t know where he is!” He raised his voice an octave, and a freshmen nearby scuttled away nervously. Jo glared at him. “I don’t.” He said, defensively.
On the bus ride home Dean thought about Castiel’s cast, and how much trouble he was going to be in when he got home. They hadn’t done it on school property, so there was not much the principal could do besides call his dad and have him and Mrs. Novak duke it out. Which meant it could get pretty scary.
So, Dean walked through the morning routine of getting to school in one piece in silence. Well, not complete silence. He hummed songs from ‘The Muppets’ as loud as he could whenever Sam was near him.
Sam waved at Novak. Fucking waved. “Hey. I paused the movie, but you can turn it on if you want. Me and Dean were just having a domestic, no biggie.” He reasurred Novak.
Castiel swallowed a lump of carrot horribly fast, and hurried to answer. “it’s…..good.” He answered painfully awkwardly.
Hunting down Castiel in the hallways wasn’t all that hard, considering the boy was moving slowly, with his back straight and walking stiffly with a bit of a limp, presumably from where the baseball bat had hit him earlier. He probably had a lot of bruises under there, maybe a cracked rib. Dean kind of lost count of how many times he had hit Castiel. He hoped it was a lot, the kid deserved it. And the baseball bat. And the Mcdonald’s garbage and rocks.
He was about a block from his house, when he heard footsteps coming from behind him. He ignored them for a moment, but when they got louder he turned his head to see. It was Alastair, Azazel and Dean. They were closing in quickly behind him, with mean cold looks on their faces. Castiel saw the Winchester’s impala sitting behind the group, a getaway car waiting. Castiel turned back around and started to run back to his house. He was not a fast runner though, and his shoes were not made for quick getaways. He heard someone start running behind him, and a weight slam on top of him, making him fall flat on his stomach. The person on top of him laughed, and he recognized Winchester’s voice saying “That was too easy Novak!”
‘He has a point,’ said a little voice in the back of Dean’s head. He glared at Sam, angry at him for making his guilt rear back up again.
Cas had fallen gracelessly to the floor, where he sat glaring up at whoever he could make eye contact with.
“Nothing, I just had an accident and fell.” He ventured, hoping she would buy the story. He would never tell her he was getting bullied, she would just laugh and tell him to man up. His arm flared again.
“Okay then. You know, I’ve only seen you around a few times, but every time you either look constipated or like a kicked puppy.” She was talking, pulling her lunch out and taking a few bites of some sort of cold lasagna looking thing. Except it was green instead of marinara red.
He decided to go with the middle option. And yes, he knew he had just stated he wasn’t going to leave the library but desperate times call for desperate measures.
When he woke in the morning, Cas got up and showered. He went downstairs and packed himself a hurried lunch in their huge kitchen, grabbing small things from the fridge. Then after that, he remembered the night before and looked at the calendar on the fridge door. His father was due back two weeks from now.
Then he remembered; his father. He had defied his father’s orders, and left the consequences for his morning self to handle. Fear twinged in his stomach as he imagined what might happen this time. Maybe his father would keep up the theme and try to drown him in the kitchen sink? He hadn’t made dinner, and had pointedly ignored his father’s calls, and that was a serious offense. His mother made dinner it sometimes, when there was a special occasion, like the night Zacharia came, but other times it was left to the son. And when he failed to act accordingly, especially if his father told his specifically, it was like signing a form that signed him up to be a test subject for boxing gloves.
Dean got closer and awkwardly shifted Castiel upwards from his position on the ground, so his head was shoulder height. It flopped in a way that Dean knew couldn’t be comfortable, How had he not woken up yet? He couldn’t believe he was doing this…
When he walked in, his mother pushed past him with his father’s luggage in her arms, carrying it upstairs for him. Zakaria himself was standing in the living room, looking at Castiel in the doorway, with his arms crossed and his half-bald head shining in the light.
Cas made the blankets into a cocoon around his, tucking his hands under his chest and lying on his stomach. He had picked up that habit from when he was 7 years old, and scared of the supposed “monster under his bed” the mean kids at school talked about. He had learned not to keep his hands out, or the monster would grab them and drag him under to eat him slowly starting with his toes and finishing with his hair. So he tucked his hands under himself every night, and pulled the blankets under his feet just to make sure the monster couldn’t grab those too.
He had put in the garlic bread earlier, and so he walked creakily upstairs, his back yelling at him for doing so much work. Well, everything was yelling at him, basically. He wanted nothing more than to collapse in bed and sleep for a thousand years. But right now, he had to change into something a bit more presentable than the t-shirt and too-big jeans he was currently wearing.
In the car, Castiel sat with his hands in his lap, staring out at the rapidly passing scenery as his mother drove too far past the speed limit. His father didn't like it when she got tickets, (Scratch that, he hated it. The last time she got a ticket Castiel had to cover his ears to dull the sound of his father’s yelling blasting through the house) but she still sped across roads like she owned them. Castiel had warned her to slow down a few times, but he decided not to risk dying in a fiery crash because she had to turn so far to slap him to tell her off for going a few miles over the limit.
Castiel walked in and told someone at the desk what was wrong, that he thought his arm was broken. A nurse came and took him to a room, looked at his arm and grimaced. She said that it was definitely broken, but they were going to have to take an x-ray to see in what way it was broken before they put a cast on it. She then left to get a doctor.
Voices were floating through the air, towards him. Lazy, uncaring tones. Nervously, Castiel moved further back into the allyway, not wanting anyone in this neighborhood to see him, even if that was a bit biased. Some people at school lived here, they seemed to act okay to people other than Castiel. Everyone was generally horrible to him at school, so he just judged by interactions he overheard. They couldn’t be blamed for being rude to him, everyone was, and if you weren’t then you were picked on until you did.
He wished he had a new shirt, or a hoodie or jacket. Something to cover up the drippings of blood on his lightish grey tee. A whole new wardrobe change would be nice, but not exactly realistic. Maybe the church could lend him something.
He felt guilty for feeling so relieved his dad didn’t know. It felt weird, feeling guilty about something connected to Castiel. Mostly things connected to Castiel just made him feel angry. He didn’t like feeling guilty. Not that he wasn’t a little guilty. As much as he hated Castiel, he knew that mocking and hurting someone every day was a bit wrong. Well, a lot wrong. But it didn’t feel wrong. It was Castiel, the kid who everything and wanted for nothing.
Feeling like a toddler at a babysitter’s house, Castiel shook his head. He was startled when Sam gaped at him, looking devastated beyond reason. “You’ve never seen Harry Potter?”
It seemed longer than the other times, maybe it was just because it was all he could do to not breath any more water. The burn for air was like an itch that needed to be scratched, it was an involuntary impulse to pull in through his nose. He had about as much control over it as the beating of his heart.
Castiel sighed and set down the wad of gauze and closed his eyes. Leaning heavily  against the sink, breathing shallowly to appease his ribcage, he tried to see any good points to this situation.
“He doesn’t deserve it, you know.” She continued, like Dean hadn’t talked. “ to have jerks like you bother him. He’s got enough on his plate without it.” What did she know? It wasn’t her business.
Apart from the fact that he had been embarrassed at his place of sanctuary, his father was coming home in three days. It may not sound so bad scrawled on a day in a calendar, but when the prospect of having him in the house was looming, it cast a shadow on any emotions. Castiel could feel nervousness roiling in his stomach.
Castiel sat in the library with no book, gingerly resting on the chair and chewing his PBJ slowly so as to savour it. It was the only thing he had packed, he hadn’t even thought to bring a water bottle to wash down the throat-closing peanut butter. He stared absently at the wall ahead of him as he ate.
Everything went silent and wavy as his ears cleared the liquid barrier, he struggled to break the hold and not fall in at the same time. Panic was making his lungs seize for air, he could tell he wasn’t going to last long. He wasn’t any hero from a movie, he couldn’t hold his breath longer than ten seconds, he was screwed. He swung wildly with his arms, though he could barely move them in the hunched over position he was occupying. He jerked his head fruitlessly, the water billowing around his ear as the non-existent air burned in his lungs. The hand on his neck was so tight it was incredibly painful, he screwed up his eyes in the effort not to breath in water as he finally reached his limit, his heart beating a thousand miles an hour….
Castiel’s eyes had picked up a spark of awareness as the flame rushed up his body, and his mouth stretched open and screamed, a wail of agony as his skin blistered and burnt like marshmallows. Dean stripped of his jacket and started desperately trying to snuff out the fire on the low ceiling, yelling at Sam to help him. Sam was doing the same thing in the blink of an eye, though he knew it was too late for Castiel.
When Castiel got inside the small brick church, he grabbed a hymnal and sat down in his usual seat at the very back. The place was already half full.
He barely heard the laughter, coming from Alistair and Azazel. Winchester was curiously silent. As hands grabbed him terror flashed icily through his veins and he almost screamed out “Stop!”
“Oh come one Deanie, lighten up.” Azazel laughed. “The blue eyed bitch boy might be gone, but you don’t have to take out your righteous anger on me.”
After taking refuge in his room, ignoring Sam’s efforts to talk and yell at him through the door, and sitting over a pile of algebra homework for a half hour, Dean faced the fact that he had to get some food together, or they were going to starve. In the kitchen, he tried to rid himself of his thoughts by going through the cupboards over and over, and making mental notes of all the staples they were missing.
“Get in here.” growled back Jo, who was glowering so fiercely Dean could feel it, and Dean walked slowly to the living room, where the blonde was standing with her foot tapping. Dean gulped mentally. The ropes of tension in his gut, ones residing since the end of school, tightened compulsively. Jo could be funny, she could be kind, she culd be nice and she could be sarcastic, but no one even denied that none of those traits compared to when she was angry.
Castiel had been reading for a while, listening to his mother clang and bang around downstairs. She had gotten after him for doing a bad job sweeping, and found a couple other things to be mad about too. He had walked away from her with a slap and several yelled words.
They were standing at the sink, his father was standing ominously over his mother, who was staring at her hand, which his father was gripping between them by the wrist. They both looked over at Castiel when he entered, his mother looking scared, his father looking angry. “Dinner is served.” Castiel said.
He stepped into the living room, trying to be quiet. If she was in the house, then she wouldn’t want him bothering her. So he walked around on his toes. He was moving around the couch when he lost his balance momentarily, and since he didn’t have both arms to brace himself on furniture, landed noisily on his knees. He sat there stalk-still, waiting to hear his mother yell from the other room.
The sound coming from Castiel’s mouth started to fade, and he was thrashing his head back and forth, trying to get away from the hurt consuming his body, and Dean had tears streaming down his face as he watched pieces of Castiel’s shirt fall burning to the floor. Most of his body was black, but his face was being mainly spared, so Dean could see every tear tracking down Cas’ face, every twist in his expression.
He didn’t trust her one bit. He couldn’t, even though the story seemed true enough. Everybody bullied him into opening lockers for them, ever since he had revealed in junior year that he could pick locks like an escaped convict. It was a skill learned from when he read crime novels, and his mother shut him in closets when he bothered her too much. He could go along with Naomi’s story, but he would have to be on the lookout for any flying fists or Knights of Hell.
Dean’s mind chose that moment to remember the look in Castiel’s eyes as Dean cornered him in that dirty arcade alley way, the terror flashing through the blue of them. And the feel of hitting Castiel, feeling the skin and bones bruise his knuckles as he slammed punch after punch home. When Castiel had fallen Dean had continued beating on him, just to prove to himself he could. He slammed kick after kick in, just to thumb his nose at his inner self. He kept at it even after his brain was yelling at him to stop, but didn’t let himself think about the person he was beating, to make it easier.  A little something suspiciously like remorse edged it’s way into Dean’s emotional spectrum, and Dean shoved it back out violently. No remorse goes to Castiel Novak. See Novak? He thought You can’t escape me. I’ll just keep coming after you, you can’t spend your entire life hiding behind your parent’s money.
Apparently, the younger Winchester was about to show him the way of Harry Potter. He wondered how many movies there were in the series, 6? 7? He couldn’t remember.
Castiel was exhausted. He could feel his eyes drooping, and his head and neck throbbing and his nostrils burning (though fainter than before), and he wanted nothing more than to get out of this building and collapse somewhere and just sleep forever. His hands were shaking so hard he doubted he could have held anything, and his coughing was making everything else shudder too. He kind of wished he hadn’t regained consciousness.
So when it was time for his last class, he hurried past the stairwell, this time full on running. His stomach leapt when he saw a hand reach out to grab him, but he swerved and managed to avoid it. As he continued down the hallway, he heard muttered curses coming from the stairs.
“Why-are you here?” Castiel asked weakly, throat sore from screaming for help and the squeezing it had been given minutes previously. When he spoke it burned.
He stood there about 40 seconds, while she ignored him, before it clicked. A cleaning lady, to get the house ready for his father. There was no way in a million years that his mother would get anything done if she tried to clean, so she often played older (often grandma-looking) woman to do it for her. They cleaned the entire house, top to bottom except for Castiel’s room, which she made him do himself. Something about it being ‘His mess, and he should be the one to clean it up’. His room was never messy, but he didn’t point that out.
He had been so concentrated simply on the fact that he had abandoned the situation, so wrapped up in his friggin’ guilt, that he hadn’t realized that he hadn’t just left his plaything in the school with a psychopath, he had also sent the most badass girl he knew to go check on them for him. He tried to push any feelings of impishness out of his chest, letting tension into his bloodstream in its stead.
Alistair started moving to the pool, smiling evilly while he did it, and Castiel abandoned all pretense that he might get out of this alive. Alistair looked like he was going to murder him. Dean and Azazel had left, two of the only people who would have reined Alistar in. As much of a jackass as Winchester was, he didn’t seem like the homicidal type. But as Alistar approached the water, Castiel caught the glint in his eyes, and terror flashed through him. He started screaming. “Help! Help please HELP!” It was frustrating that he could only think of those words, he couldn’t come up with anything to convey to a standby that he was going to be murdered and needed help immediately. “Please! I need-”
Alistair muttered “Excuses excuses. Looks pretty with out the cast. All fresh and new. Maybe instead of pens we should use knifes, what do you think?” He asked, looking at Castiel. Castiel looked suddenly a lot more nervous that he had a few seconds ago.
The doctor came back into the room after they made the call, and Castiel’s mother was close behind him. Her eyes landed on him and stayed, a mixture of anger and sadness in them.
He was waiting for it to finish again, when his mother banged through the back door. She smelt of alcohol and urine, and he knew she had been out all night clubbing and going to bars. He just hoped she hadn’t been with any other men, as that would have ended badly for both of them.
He snatched it off the shelve like it was going to disappear, greedily eyeing it up. It had come out a while before, but his library was always slow to get new books. While he was devouring the back of the book with his eyes, he heard loud laughter. He looked up and his heart plummeted from where it was hovering in his adam’s apple.
When he finally reached the reddish-brown metal doors of the school he was exhausted. There were only a few kids on the sidewalk, hurrying to get inside. Not many of them spared a glance for the sorry loser trodding along, they knew he was nothing more than a punching bag and they didn’t want to suffer the same fate as him. One girl with curly sunshine yellow hair actually stopped and looked at him, he just barely saw the pity and disgust in her gaze before he turned away and continued through the doors into the building.
It was strange how seemingly energetic and loose his father might appear, the image of a family man. That facade was just a load of bullshit. But Zacharia was so good at faking and painting the image of the ‘perfect family’ that everyone bought it. It was probably the reason all the kids at school hated him, now that he thought of it.
After about thirty minutes of nonsense and mind numbing stupidity, Castiel turned off the TV and stood up. He stretched his arms over his head, his back cracking pleasantly. The cast bumped his head when he put his arm down, and he found himself wondering how many hours he had before he could get it off. He wished he could take it off right now, but the doctors and his mother both told him to wait. Castiel had been immensely confused, and still was, about why his mother would make him wait. Surely it would just impede him from being useful? He didn’t get it, but he didn’t get a lot of things.
“--we’ve got a duty!” Sam continued, “And it’s not really mine, but it’s sure as hell yours Dean! Letting him stay is the right freaking thing to do and I’m not just gonna kick him out because you don’t feel like playing host to someone you don’t like!”
“The way it is is wrong, Dean. I hope you know that.” She said simply. Then she sped off before Dean could get in another word, which was damn petty of her, because Winchesters always got the last word in arguments, and walking away before it could be said was the worst form of cheating he could think of. The way it is is the way it was, as far as Dean was concerned, and no matter what his conscience or Jo said, it was going to stay that way.
But does he? A nagging awful voice at the back of Dean’s head questioned, and he shoved it away. YES.
“What? What did you say?” Zacharia turned back to him, disbelief etched on his face. Castiel mentally kicked himself, mentally rolled himself over with a tractor.
Castiel hurried a little, dragging the suitcase faster up the stairs. “Yes father.” He said, the words still fell from his mouth like he didn’t mean for them to happen.
Wincing at the tone of voice, Dean stuck his head out of his room to see Sam looking at him from the doorway across the hall, where he had stuck his head out curiously. He eyed Dean and mouthed the words ‘what’s up?’, which Dean ignored. He didn’t know the answer, and he wasn’t going to waste precious breath telling Sam so.
Heyyyy so I'm so sorry it's been a little over a month, right? Life's been super busy, I can't really find time to write unless it's three in the morning and I make so many spelling mistakes that spell check can't keep up. Thank you for reading! It'll get more interesting soon, I promise. Just filler chapters are mainly what you're getting until Chapter 11. -J
Alistair snorted. Then he released Castiel’s shoulder for a moment to dig around in his back pocket. The students around then were trickling slowly now, most disappearing into classrooms and bathrooms. While Alistar’s hand was off Castiel’s shoulder, the boy decided to bolt, shoving himself away from the locker and starting to run, but his arm was swiftly grabbed by Alistair. The bully yanked Cas back and at the same time Dean leapt forward and pushed him, and he crashed into the wall of lockers hard before crumbling down it, face screwed up. Dean watched Castiel’s hands ball into fists, and tried to feel happy as he imagined how much that had to hurt. It didn’t seem to be cheering him up as much as usual. Stupid.
“Oh. I’d get out of here if I were you, I just saw Winchester coming down this way.” The boy’s voice wasn’t mean, it wasn’t sad or pitying, but it did sound a lot like he would rather not be in the same room as Castiel. It was, after all, a danger to others to get caught with him when the Knights are on the prowl. Against his better judgement, Castiel let his head fall back and hit the wall, and winced immediately after because it hurt. A lot.
“You and your little goonies are nothing but-” Jo’s commanding voice was cut off as a bottle of water thunked off the side of Castiel’s pain riddled head and clattered to the ground. There was shifting from inside the janitor’s closet, and, rather than face Alistair and without seeing whomever threw the water bottle, Castiel sped off down the corridor.
“Ma’am, I appreciate it, but I’m really fine.” He said firmly as he could, stepping forward before turning back to say something that would convince her. “I’m going somewhere to….take care of this right now.” He said vaguely.
Crumpled, a boy that was merely skin and bones lay crusted in red. The frame and hair looked familiar, though Dean didn’t think he knew anyone who would be in this position… From where he stood, momentarily frozen, Dean watched the rise and fall of the guy’s chest. He looked like someone had taken an extremely large meat tenderizer and smashed him with it. Dean stepped forward a bit more, nearly gagging as a wave of urine-smell washed over him. How long had this guy been here? Days? Was there an ER nearby Dean could take him to?
He puffed a long breath out of his mouth, making his cheeks swell and deflate. Ungluing himself from the bed, Cas opened a window and stuck his nose right up against the mesh screen, breathing in the scent of spring and rain, even though it had not fallen. It was around 2 in the afternoon, maybe 1:30, and he could probably make it to the old arcade and back before it closed at 4:30. Maybe walk around town after he had spent all his money. He hadn’t been there in months.
He snapped out of his reverie when his knee bumped against the cabinets under the sinks, making his startle. He scared quite easily, even though he would have thought due to all the fear in his daily life he might have built up a resistance.
“I can take you somewhere if you’d like. The emergency room? Sweetie, your shirt is soaked in blood. I can call someone for you, to come and get you.” Castiel looked down at his shirt and thought that she was making a vast overstatement. It wasn’t soaked-just kind of splotched.
While he was treading his path to the checkout desk, something caught his eye. His heart leapt as he recognized the cover of a book he had been waiting for for months.
He slammed the car door shut when he was safely planted inside, and turned it back on. Praying to heaven Jo wouldn’t come over until Castiel was out of his house and reasonably healthy again, he turned around and headed home.
“Honestly, I’m surprised you never learn that that never works! Letting you go right after we got you alone? Where’s the fun in that?” Dean sneered, and Castiel thought about just how many times they seemed to manage to get him alone. He should be on guard for that more.
“What do you want me to say?” Castiel said, and cursed internally to hear the shake and fearful pitch to his voice.
Too quickly, he heard the floorboards creak to him, his father’s dress shoes clicked across the hardwood and soon the man walked into the hallway Castiel was occupying, making it feel small and claustrophobic.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Dean said firmly, hoping she would just drop the subject and give him his book, but she was taking her sweet time with the computer.
“Are you sure? Because you look so tired, you probably wouldn’t be up for pie for desert.” Damn. His dad knew how to play it.
He climbed into bed, and not really feeling like reading, he bookmarked his book and pulled out his journal. He grabbed his pen and riffled through the pages until he found the right one. He began writing.
His last class was uneventful. He got an A on a paper he had turned in, like usual. He carefully made sure to tuck the paper out of sight when he got it, as most of the other students suspected he used his title of “Richest kid at school” to get good grades. But that wasn’t true. He was just smart.
The duct tape was downstairs, sitting just inside one of the creaky kitchen cabinets. That’s right, out his door, through the hall, down the stairs, past the living room and into the kitchen. At night. While his father was home, who, he might add, was strictly against the idea of Castiel roaming the house after bedtime. But for some reason, he had to get that tape. It couldn't wait until tomorrow for some reason, he felt like he would never get around to it if he waited even another hour. The dry unhappy feeling he got in his stomach when he couldn’t find things was already fading as he set his mind. He was going to go downstairs and steal it back. Even though technically, it wasn’t stolen from him. He had used the duct tape the other day and somehow left it in the cabinet, but still.
The eggs were done very quickly, and he scraped them onto a plate quickly and grabbed a fork from the silverware drawer. Then he put the plate onto the table in the living room, where his mother ate when his father wasn’t home and she didn’t feel like eating in front of the TV.
he opened the door slowly, and just barely shut it. He was trying not to wake up his mom, who was probably sleeping off a hangover in her room. His dad was at work, far away from home. Far away from their problems.
He picked at the rope around his waist, plucking and pulling at the knot. He could feel his fingers getting raw as he worked it. After about 20 more minutes of cursing and fraying the impossibly tight knot, he felt it loosen around his waist. He felt a thrill as he pulled it off, but then a jolt of fear as he thought of what he had to do next.
His heart was thumping, though not out of fear. He could not believe he let Jo get so close to him. Grateful though he was that Jo found him yesterday, it hurt him to hear that she was getting the repercussions. If she got even a fraction of the misery Castiel had to suffer through here, it would ruin her high school experience. Though she was tougher than he, and had connections within the Knights Of Hell, Jo was not going to be all sunshines and rainbows if Alistair was harassing her every time he could. Guilt settled itself into a comfortable crevice of Castiel’s stomach. He had to talk to her (no matter how much he didn’t want to) in the library. Even though he had packed no lunch, The Knights rarely ever went in there. He had to tell Jo that for her own sake, she should stay away. Though really, did she expect that being around him wouldn’t bring repercussions? Castiel also didn’t find it very likely that she would leave him alone without a fight, stubborn as she had proven herself to be.
“I was not skipping school,” He deadpanned, “I was going to get my cast off. I couldn’t explain yesterday, you wouldn’t listen.” He looked straight at Dean, with just a hint of rare accusation in his eyes and voice. Dean sneered at him. The blue eyed boy looked down.
Castiel’s face burned as he tucked the book into the crook of his usable arm. He was half tempted to put it back on the shelve, but knowing those idiots they would probably check it out themselves and burn it in their backyards.
“Well, I’m no doctor but I don’t think you should be up for a while.” Castiel opened his mouth to say something and she held up a silencing hand. “You were just almost drowned I don’t know how many times he held you under. Probably more than just once right?” Castiel closed his mouth with a click, Jo knew she was right. “And if I’m not mistaken, Dean and Azazel were there too right?” He hesitated, before nodding jerkily. Jo practically glowed with anger. “That little shit….me and Dean are going to have words when I get home.”
He locked the journal up again and put it under his mattress. Then he turned off his light, and went to bed fully clothed. He didn’t really care, he would just throw them in the dirty laundry tomorrow.
He wished he had a book. He wished he had his library card. He wished that he had a jacket to fend off the soon to come cold weather, and the stares of strangers on the streets. He wished he had a house, where the people who occupied it with him liked him and treated him fairly. He wished he had a friend.
He shrank back, heart beating in his chest hard as the others laughed and confirmed the first voices query. “How about we leave him a little gift?” He heard Winchester announced. He slowly stuck his head back inside, and inched the door sut soundlessly, feeling a little sick to his stomach.
In his room he resumed his book again, but instead of sitting on the bed he walked around and around the room. Like pacing, but without the thought. He read about 4 chapters, before he started thinking things while he was reading. When was his father coming home again? He had better find out, so as not to be taken surprise by the sudden appearance. His father came into the house like a thunderstorm, making the air stuffy and casting a shadow around the rooms. He should probably go look at the calendar sometime, and see when he was due home next. But later, because he didn’t feel like leaving his room. His mother always wrote “Zacharia home” On the days when his father was coming. Castiel suspected she did it for the same purpose; so she wouldn’t be caught by surprise with two bottles of beer and a hangover.
Castiel was having a hard time getting his breath out, and he couldn’t make it slow down. There was panic coursing through his body, flooding his mind. What did they have planned? Dean got off of Cas, but kept a hand on his shirt collar and pulled him up too.
“Great!” His father let go of the hand he was possessing, and strode out of the room. On his way out he thumped Castiel hard on the shoulder in a ‘friendly’ pat, and nearly sent Castiel sprawling across the kitchen floor. His mother quickly clacked out of the room in her high heels, not sparing Castiel a glance. He followed them out, and sat down at his space at the table.
“Are you going to be okay, Castiel?” She asked suddenly, and he turned to face her, confused and silent. He was going to be fine, he wasn’t dead was he? She sighed, faint humour flickering through her features. “The silence is back huh? I mean when you get home, will you be okay? You’re so quiet, are you going to tell anybody about this, or do I have to?”
He watched. He had nothing better to do. It kept Sam happy. Ideally, Castiel would have read the series before he watched the films; but he had more important things to worry himself over than not getting the full story, and the movie was engaging enough, if a little bit dated. Surprisingly enough, he hadn’t fallen back asleep yet 10 minutes later, and the story pulled him in slowly.
Sobbing under his breath, he started moving again. His backpack was gone, his mother was dead, there were weather predictions for unusually cold winds in the weekends, and Castiel was beaten blue and black. Shit couldn’t hit the fan much harder than this.
“What’s his problem?” Winchester mocked, and Castiel’s jaw clenched. The rage inside him was making his bones shake. He thought he might explode with the intensity of it, aimed at those three petty specks of humanity, Alastair, Azazel and Dean.
Too late now. His father had caught him with his pants down. Castiel was a little embarrassed that he had let himself get caught only the first night into his father’s stay. If he couldn’t keep his guard up for more than a day, how would he even survive this visit?
They watched until midway through the fourth movie, Dean’s butt getting sorer and sorer, until Sam noticed Novak drfiting off again and paused it. Dean bellyached at him, but just layed down on the floor and tried to wait it out. There wasn’t much else to do until dinner, so maybe a nap was in order. Sam was turning the pages of a book loudly a few feet away. Maybe he was trying to annoy Novak awake by making sure he scraped the paper as hard as he could against his sweater.
For several minutes they stood like that, Castiel’s foot raised halfway over the floor in a tiring manner, and Zacheria ignoring him (or that’s what it looked like. Castiel knew that Zacharia did just like to make people wait for the fun of it too.)
Castiel looked at Dean again, and jumped when he met Dean’s green eyes. Staring at him, Dean had his hands in his pockets and was walking to cas slowly, like he knew Cas could either fight his way through the crowd, or run past Dean before he could catch him.
His dad watched him pick apart the limp green vegetables before asking him, “Dean, is anything wrong?” Dean looked up, heart beating fast.
He sat back to watch the movie, trying to immerse himself in the iconic opening music before his crappy dinner could get cold.
In the crevices of his thoughts, weaved in the cloth of his mind Novak jumped out at him, reminding him over and over again that he couldn’t relax, couldn’t feel good, shouldn’t have a moment's peace while Novak was unaccounted for. Which didn’t make sense at all, Dean reasoned with himself, because for all he knew Castiel could just be at home on his soft memory foam mattress, drinking Fiji water and Netflixing his life away. His mother could be tending to him, bringing drinks and kissing his bruises, and his father would be downstairs reading the newspaper, sipping coffee and supporting his family, like a proper dad. (Dean couldn’t help the bitterness that leaked into these last thoughts.) But that just didn’t ring true in his head, somehow. If his Dad supported him so much, how had all the injuries gone unnoticed? How had the school not been notified, a message been sent out? Like when they broke his fucking arm! Even Dean’s dad would’ve raised awareness at that…. He shifted uncomfortably, mind straying into territory too contradicting to his beliefs to think about.
He turns his head from where it was twisted over his shoulder, and looked at the water. All fear was gone from his head, and what was left was pure rage and hatred. He glared at the river, his brow contorted in an effort not to scream insults and obscenities at the Bullies, the petty children who had to hurt others to solve their own problems. But he would not give them the satisfaction of his attention.
A less-than-pleasant sensation settled low in his stomach when he thought about it, effectively dousing out any happiness when he remembered that his father was coming the following day. Sometime while he was in school, his father was going to fly here and stay for a while. Castiel wondered how long.
When the bell rang Castiel shoved himself up with the palms of his hands quickly so that his knees wouldn’t have time to collapse on him. He thought he saw Jo watching him out of the corner of his eyes, but when he looked he just saw her stuffing her lunch stuff in her backpack, the picture of innocence.
He was snapped back into reality as a backpack almost slammed onto the tabletop across from him. He jumped so hard he bumped his elbow on the table and gasped, looking at the newcomer accusingly and a little fearfully.
“Wait! Come on, why can’t I sit with you? It’s not like I’m gonna poison your food or anything! What are you so worried about?”
“Yeah, I’m up. How long have you been awake?” Sam always woke up earlier than Dean, to go online or read or whatever the heck his nerdy little brother did in his spare time.
He walked the rest of the way up the stairs, and reached his room. His arm was still aching, and he was starting to worry about how he was going to take care of it. His mother would ask too many questions, his father was gone and he had no friends. His only other option was just going to the hospital himself, and the doctors might ask too many questions. But that was literally his only other option, so he was probably going to be walking to the hospital sometime soon.
Azazel looked him up and down. "My my. Not looking so smug now, are ya?" he purred. "Yeah, I saw you. You like that I didn't do so well on that test, do you? Well not everyone has a rich mommy and daddy to back them up if they flunk. But maybe next time you won't look so happy, if you know what's good for your health."
Sliding his hands off the metal again he walked back to the house, which smelled pleasantly of dinner.
He walked to the bathroom and wrapped a waiting ziplock baggie around his cast before turning on the shower and stepping inside. He kept a few of them on the counter. He went through the usual motions, shampooing his hair, conditioning his hair and rinsing. He washed his body and turned off the water, not lingering for a second longer than he had to. Excitement sparked in his stomach as he thought about getting his cast off, and as he dried off his mop of almost black hair he smiled a bit. It stretched across his lips strangely, the expression foreign on his mostly stoic face.
He quickly peeled off his wet shirt, throwing on the first dry one he laid his hands on. He changed his pants too, for good measure, into old dress pants that were a faded black. For some reason he had quite the number of black dress pants.
Tears were freely coursing down his cheeks now, and Castiel could barely believe he was standing. Of course, he had been worse than this before. Definitely. He had had his arm broken, for fuck’s sake! But if there was one thing he’d learned from all his years of split lips, aching rib cages and black eyes, was that it always feels worse in the moment.
“Then why are you here?” His father asked, examining Castiel’s face. Criticizing it. “Why aren't you getting your rest? It’s a school night. Don’t you want to be your best for all your friends?”
Dean leaned in close and grabbed his jaw with one hand. “That was fun. Thank you, for that exercise.” He smiled a bit more, and then his expression turned serious. “But if you try that again, I will stuff you into a locker, and make sure no one lets you out until you’re hoarse from screaming for help. You got me?” His eyebrows quirked a bit, but he didn’t look like he was joking.
“Here! Take it and leave!” She full on screamed, and hurled the glass bowl full of food at him. He threw his hands in front of him in reflex, but it sailed through them and hit his side. She had remarkable aim.
The car door slammed, and they drove off. Castiel felt light headed, and all of a sudden he gasped for air, letting go of a breath he didn’t know he had been holding. After the fear let go of his heart, and the blood stopped pounding in his head, he spent the rest of his walk to school wondering how Alistair had thrown that bat so well.
He grunted when the bowl hit him. It bounced off his body and shattered on the floor, spreading sauce and spaghetti everywhere. Then he just stood there, with pasta sauce all over his shirt, looking at the shattered pieces on the floor. He wondered if he should clean up, or leave.
Heeeeey guys, so sorry for the late update. As it turns out, I totally forgot that Thanksgiving was on the same day as the time I was supposed to grant you wonderful people a new fix of angst! So I spent all day out of town thinking about how I had failed you!
He caught her staring at his wrist, the one not covered by the cast, and looked down at it. She was looking at the red line engraved into his skin from the zip-ties he had been tied with. His stomach dropped, and he looked back at her worriedly, wondering what she thought caused those marks.
Happy Holidays! Thanks to every one of you that read my story, I am so happy that you do. This chapter's pretty long, it's like an unintentional Christmas Gift!
The drive home was laced with tension. His mother was not happy, in one of her moods that resulted in her either binge watching tv all day, drinking 5 cups of whiskey-infused coffee and beating Castiel, or sleeping for 5 hours. Or all at once, not specifically in that order. Castiel’s mood was gradually receding.
Soon enough they stopped running after him, and he heard Winchester yell after him “Go! Run home to mommy! Get your daddy to protect you! We’ll be waiting!”
An hour and a half later, Castiel put away the cleaning supplies as he smelled his mother’s soup that was coming together in the kitchen. He cracked his neck as he viewed his fine work, and the house practically sparkled back at him. His father would be home very very soon.
Dean was so taken aback that he lost his words and stood there with his mouth open for a few seconds. “Excuse me?” He managed to ask.
It hard started off innocently enough. Well, these things were never exactly ‘innocent’, but it had started off more prankish than life-threatening. It had been someone’s idea, Dean couldn’t remember whose because the group adopted it so fast that the owner barely got acknowledged. It might have been Azazel, as he had swim lessons at the school every so often with the crusty gym teacher. Dean had liked the idea. It sounded fun, and adventurous, and new, and most importantly, it sounded like it would scare the shit out of Castiel Novak. Alistair had quickly said yes too, but Dean had never expected him to say no.
“Well, It’s not really your decision anyways, Sam, I’m oldest one in this fucking house! I get to say what goes! And he-” He pointed at Castiel, “-GOES!”
He rolled over and grabbed the piece of toilet paper he was using as a bookmark from the desk. After marking his spot, he pulled the covers all the way over his chest before realizing that he was still in his jeans and t shirt.
When he next looked up, dark hard fully fallen. Judging from the gumminess of his eyes, Castiel thought he might have actually fallen asleep for an hour or two. It was a miracle no one had bothered him. Shivering in what must have been forty degree weather, Castiel rubbed his arms for a while. He should stand, look for some place to sleep that was sheltered from the harsh wind. But he didn’t want to. Couldn’t he just sleep here, on the ground, for one night? Until he gathered back strength?
She was looking somewhere near his collarbone, and confused, Castiel looked and saw his shirt had ripped sometime during his swim, and exposed an enormous bruise his father had given him the other night. Pulling his shirt up with one hand and trying his best not to expose the nervous lightning bolt in his stomach on his face, Castiel nodded at Jo, hopefully dead faced. “Okay.” His voice seemed kind of waverly, maybe from the near-drowning, maybe from something else. He didn’t think he could handle more than that, it hurt too much to speak.
When they had made it through an entire grocery-putting-away-session without mention of Novak’s broken arm, Dean started to wonder. Did his dad know? If his dad did know, he would have said something by now. He went upstairs when his dad was done with him and texted Alistar.
He heard Alistair mutter a loud remark about ‘not seeming to have one until this point’ and ignored it. He also ignored the laughs of his other friends in favour of smiling politely at the librarian scanning his book.
Jo had a look on her face, probably relating to the comment Dean had made about her family ‘puking glitter and kindness’. anyone who had met Ellen and Ash knew that the statement was far from being even remotely true. While they weren’t exactly mean, Jo’s family weren’t the type to go easy on you either. Okay, maybe they were a little mean, but Dean comforted himself by thinking that was how they showed they liked you.
Carefully Castiel walked back up the stairs and brought his backpack and a pair of shoes with him, tying them tightly without looking down and hefting the backpack on one sore shoulder for the walk ahead of him. Before he had come downstairs he had slipped his journal into his backpack, meaning to take care of it on his walk home today, if he didn’t get semi-kidnapped again. He readjusted his backpack to that it didn’t hurt so much on his skin. He would have carried it if he didn’t doubt the upper arm strength he currently (didn’t) possess.
He walked with a limp, more to keep his ribs happy than for any leg problems. The bruises would probably be black tomorrow, and sore as hell. Maybe he might even have a fractured rib, if he was lucky. They hurt enough to be fractured.
“Indiana.” Well shit. That was a couple states away. And, where in Indiana? But that wasn’t the important stuff right now.
“Whoever it is you have in the back of your…” He looked at Dean’s beautiful wonderful majestic eye-striking impala and spat out “-car, I’m sure it’s not my son. I don’t have a son anymore.”
In the kitchen, Dean half listened to Sam talk about his science fair project while making them both lunch. PB and J’s all around, with roughly peeled carrots sticks as a side. Sam paused his story long enough to ask for a capri sun, but Dean had to disappoint him on that one.
Castiel stood at the kitchen sink, staring at the wall opposite it and thinking about one horrible night when his father had found him stealing food from the fridge to eat in his room, and he had beat him so hard with his belt he had welts on his back for days after the punishment. He had been so scared, when his father found him tearing hungrily through the fridge he hadn’t even fought back, just screamed and took it, until his father had harshly told him he wouldn’t eat more than stale bread for a week if he continued making so much noise.
He Picked up the watchers with his good hand and braced it on his cast as he tried to resume his reading. He found it increasingly difficult, as his eyes were foggy and unfocused at random intervals. He hated feeling drowsy, the only remedy was sleep, and succumbing to it felt like a weakness.
“You took too long to answer.” Alistair said, as if answering a question. “Next time you’re gonna be less happy.”
“I just forgot my food.” He answered quietly, and started walking to the counter when she grabbed his food.
Cas sat in awkward silence as they drove home from the hospital. His mother was either faking calm until they got home, or was too tired to be bothered to shout at him. He was stroking the blue cast on his arm with his good hand, feeling the rough scratchy material. He was lucky he was right handed, or he wouldn’t be able to write.
Novak had just told him quite emphatically that his Dad wouldn’t be taking him back anytime soon. Rather than doubt this and assume Novak’s pride was bigger than his common sense (He still did assume this) Dean decided to move on and figure out what to do next.
When he walked in, the first thing he saw was the third Harry Potter movie paused on the television. The second thing, Novak passed out on the couch, in his blanket, mouth open and breathing silently. He looked the picture of black and blue peacefulness.
“You know what, that sounds great! Go write in your diary about this or something.” Dean turned and placed a half moldy jar of pickles on the counter, “Oh! Sorry, I mean, journal.” He raised his hands in the air, making a swishing motion with his index fingers, “Headline; ‘disappointing brother screws up again.’”
Castiel stood abruptly, PBJ half eaten in his hand. Zipping his backpack up he slung it around his shoulder. “Nice meeting you, but it won’t work.” He tossed over his shoulder, gathering his books from the floor. “Tell them it’s getting old.” He barely kept from crying out while he stooped to get his stuff.
He glanced at the digital clock on the stove and saw it was 8, which meant he had two hours to kill until his mother woke up from her seemingly eternal slumber. But luckily, he had a source of entertainment to fill  that time gap quite adequately.
Well, there was the fact that he wasn’t being oppressed and pushed around (punched around) by his father anymore. He couldn’t really go to school, what would be the point? He couldn’t do much homework, he didn’t have anywhere to go afterwards, and the idea of just going to be somewhere warm and sheltered was ridiculous. Warm and sheltered and riddled with people who hated him.
Azazel uncapped the marker and Alistair held Castiel’s cast up. Castiel watched in fear as Azazel started drawing on the cast. He stepped back after a few moments and viewed his work. He had written “Get better soon!” In blocky letters and put a smiley face next to it. The smiley face’s smile was too wide, stretching all the way across the face and not stopping. It was creepy.
He stumbled to his feet, legs in the process of falling asleep from being still so long. He took one last look at the grave inscription before he walked away, eyes red and still a bit puffy.
When he realized he had been staring at the same word for two minutes straight, he decided tonight he was just going to have to admit defeat and go to sleep.
Last period. This was it. If the Knights of Hell would get him today, it would almost certainly be directly after this class. If they mentioned Jo, if they talked about her helping them, Castiel was going to get away from her.
Sam was boiling with fury, and Dean wasn’t exactly feeling calm himself. Still drooling, Novak slept on.
It was fine, they’d be fine, at least until school started back up again, cuz it was the weekend now but he had to figure out what to do with Castiel on monday. Maybe...by monday Castiel might be well enough to listen to Dean, and if he could just scare him into not saying anything, Dean could drop him off at the ER and let his dad do the rest. Or he could just drop Castiel at his house… actually, that would be perfect, if Dean just dropped Castiel off at the grand Novak Abode, wouldn’t his parents freak out and take him to the hospital? Why hadn’t Dean thought of it before... he knew where the house was, of course, he just really didn’t want to deal with the questions. Novak’s mother was bound to be a bitch about it if some unknown boy showed up on her doorstep with her baby in the backseat of a car, bleeding out. Novak’s father could be liable to sue, or some other legal thing like that if Castiel told his sorry tales about Dean and the gang, though if he hadn’t already Dean wondered if he ever would. But if he could just go, drop off Castiel and get the hell out of dodge…
After he had eaten, he read until lunch was over. He normally ate very quickly, so he had time to finish a chapter or two of one of his school books before the bell rang and he headed to math.
Smashed brown glass littered the ground and the floor of the porch, and the beer, long dried carried a scent over the air. The sweet smell made Castiel a bit angry, partly because the teenagers drinking it were breaking the law, but mainly because they had made such a mess on someone else’s house, and they weren’t going to get any consequences for it. His house.
He sat with the gang, Alistair and Uriel, Azazel and Meg. The latter was there by invitation of Azazel, being his current girlfriend. Meg was pretty, with dark hair, sharp eyes and deceptively round cheeks. Her cherubic appearance didn’t match her sarcastic, mean attitude, which dominated conversations with her. She also had a reputation for cheating on current boyfriends with old ones. Dean had, of course taken part in a terrific one night stand with Meg once, and the thing about it was that Meg didn’t linger. Things were temporary, and that meant that no relationship was sacred. It was kind of awesome for a quick one after a bitchin’ party, and kind of not if you really liked her. Meg had been tagging along to a few events lately, including the beer-bombing of Novak’s house, and the byob-graffiti-party last week.
Cas waited, looking around the room that smelled of new-ness and disinfectant. He swung his legs. He didn’t mind waiting that much, he liked being alone.
“Nope, it’s definitely someone else. Looks like he’s pretty popular.” Dean stood closer to Castiel, looking down his nose at him in seeming disgust. “Just wish I had been there to watch.”
He hadn’t forgotten about last night, with the pasta incident. But he also wasn’t going to march up to her and ask what was wrong up front. Tact was a vital part of getting information. Unfortunately, he wasn’t too good with tact. But he would work it in somehow, maybe at dinner or something.
The meal started well enough. The clinking of silverware and his father’s chewing were providing a soundtrack. Castiel was eating quietly, eyes only on his food. Out of the corner of his eye his father was eating hungrily, or staring at his mother and Castiel in turns. “So,” he started conversationally, (and quite suddenly, making Castiel flinch) “Castiel, how is school?”
When the impala’s wheels ground to a halt, Dean slammed the door open hard enough to break it and wrenched it shut just as hard. He pounded off to the cabin hidden behind thick foliage and trees and whatever else roamed the forest at that time of night. Sam hurriedly ran to the trunk and snatched two shotguns and a flask of holy water to arm themselves. He didn’t bother yelling for Dean to wait, he knew that the man wouldn’t listen.
When he finally got his house, pulled into the driveway, looked up at the front room window and sighed again, he realized that Sam was going to be a total bitch about this. But hopefully Sam would know a little more about First Aid than Dean. After his reaction to the pool Dean had no doubts than Sam would do whatever was within his power to help Castiel.
Castiel continued throwing himself back and forth, trying desperately to shake Dean’s strong body off him. He didn’t speak, but grunted once in awhile from the effort of trying to throw his weak frame out of their arms. Alistair walked in front of him and whacked him in the nose with his fist, stunning Castiel for just enough time for them to get moving again.
Dean groaned, loudly. “Fine. Fine. So what, you’re just going to dream of the number in your sleep? Gonna guess it? Do you got someone else ‘round to help?”
Then a backpack dropped quite suddenly next to him, and he jerked back in his seat, looking around for his next assailant. All he heard was a “Woah there, easy dude.” As the same girl from before eased into the chair next to him. She held her hands up as if in surrender.
“Hey Dean.” Sully said, in that ever friendly voice he never lost, even when Dean’s fist was pounding into his face.
He opened the side door and levered Castiel out, this time getting him into his arms more easily. Novak was completely silent. Dean almost gagged when the wave of toilet-smell hit him. Clearly, Castiel had not had the strength to find a bathroom in that Alleyway.
The ride home never seemed to get started. He left and was home, with nothing in between, which bugged him. He just wanted some alone time, damnit! Why did baby have to take him everywhere so damn fast?
“But wait! C’mon dude I’m just trying to be your friend, is that so hard to believe?” A hand grabbed at his sleeve, and he flinched and jerked his hand away as though burnt. Jo mumbled a quiet apology behind him, and he stiffened. He had never heard anyone at this school apologize to him for anything.
“So, you and sleeping beauty have been doing what, exactly, while I was gone?” Dean asked, eyeing the still sleeping Novak.
Dean had been in his room for a while, fixing a lace on his boots while the other two were in the living room. After that, he did a little homework. Then he just lay in bed. He did this for a while. He could hear music from the TV blaring through the house, but he didn’t care enough to yell at Sam to turn it down. That kid had hearing problems or something.
Mass started soon after, and they sang one of Castiel’s favorite hymn ‘Make me a channel of your peace’   soon followed with ‘One bread one body’ for communion. Mass was over sooner than Castiel was ready for, and when the recessional hymn was over he went into the lobby to look at the parish bulletin.
Dean’s mind went on high alert as he tried to conceive of what Mr. Novak was saying here. Did he just not want Castiel back? Was he being serious? By all looks of the man, from his shiny bald crown to his socked feet, he was dead-ass serious. Dean gulped. He was going to have to take Novak home wasn’t he? Maybe the mom would have more sense. Maybe this wasn’t even Mr. Novak….. But Dean didn’t entertain that thought for too long, because who else would this be?
Castiel almost skipped out of the hospital, rubbing him casteless and now whole arm with one hand, marveling at the smoothness. It felt weird after weeks and weeks of being stuck inside of that sweaty stiff prison, but he was enjoying the sensation. His mother walked alongside him, not nearly as overjoyed as Castiel. She had a scowl on her face, and even though Castiel knew it was because she didn’t like to see anyone happy, especially him, he couldn’t hold back the smile growing on his face. It felt strange.
When he got to the right side of the bridge again, it was getting dark. He hurried along the sidewalk, shivering in his soaked clothes. It took him about 4 minutes to get home, and by then it was completely black. He didn’t know what time it was.
Castiel was almost annoyed by the persistence of the boy. It was strange….was it normal to be annoyed when people wanted to show you something so much they paused it for you when you passed out? It was especially strange to be feeling this way about Winchester’s little brother. It appeared that the family was a little more diverse in their ideas of having fun.
So Dean yelled back, “Yeah? What ya’ want, princess?” Biting his tongue in trepidation. Jo didn’t sound very… happy. He could almost hear Sam shudder across the hall at his ‘disregard for the rules of grammar’.
Sam wrapped the body in a white sheet, Dean couldn’t bare to do it. Sam had expected this, and wouldn’t have asked his brother to do it in a million years.
“Would they take you?” Dean asked, hopefully. “Could you drive down? Would they pick you up? Preferably some time now.”
His classes went well enough, except for history, when he found out there was a entire paper he didn’t know about. That put a damper on his mood.
His family was not very religious, if asked his mother would say christian, though he didn’t think she had been in a church since her wedding day. His father was actually Christian, though as far as Castiel knew he didn’t go to church.
He walked up the stairs feeling much the same as he normally did, minus his aching rib. Glad that supper had gone by without any arguments, and he had only provoked her to hit him once. It was normally a lot worse if his father was home. When he was home, the house was filled with a tension that didn’t ease up until he was gone again. His father was a strict man, not above beating Castiel until he bled for making mistakes. But luckily, Castiel knew what not to do when his father was around. His mother received a similar treatment, and she too changed the way she acted around him. She wouldn’t drink as much, and kept herself clean. Castiel was glad she knew how to avoid his anger, because as much as he resented his mother’s actions, he didn’t like seeing her get hurt.
And later, when he realized Novak was nowhere to be seen in the building, he couldn't help but worry a little. There was definitely guilt. He had established that, it was there and there was no changing it, but worry? Concern? He didn’t want those things! He wasn’t supposed to care about Castiel Novak, damnit, they’d never had a conversation that was pleasant, he hadn’t exchanged two words with him that weren’t sarcastic or venomous or degrading. The rich kid in school was supposed to be hated, and though thinking of ways to slit Novak’s pale throat used to be a favorite pastime, Dean found himself thinking of ways that Novak could be being hurt right now, by Alistair or Azazel, which was stupid because even if he was being hurt right now, it wouldn’t be Dean’s fault! The only thing he was guilty of was leaving him in that swimming pool, right? Still, Castiel could be in the emergency room right now, getting expensive stitches for the cuts on his head, or surgery for broken ribs or something. Or he could be at home, playing video games and eating rich stomach-hurting foods, caring about nothing and complaining to the maid.
But he didn’t get to rest long. He sprang upright when he saw Dean round the corner and walk to him. Damn. You’re screwed. Should have beat it when you had a chance. His mind told him Helpfully, before Dean’s face donned it’s signature smirk, (and it looked a little forced, but Cas knew that was just his imagination) and his fist slammed into Cas’s face.
The more he thought about the pool, the feel of Alistair’s bony hands on his tender neck, the sound of laughter echoing off the damp walls, the more angry Castiel became. At how weak he was, how cruel the Knights were, how hopeless his situation was. How easily bruises formed on his skin, and instead of growing used to it it was like his skin was flaking off, each layer was more sensitive than the other and he could feel it more firmly than before. Maybe the knowledge in his head that he was a pathetic excuse for a person was strengthening the pain of it all. He never used to feel it like this. He couldn’t defend himself, he relied on the pity of others to keep himself alive, to save his ass at the important times and ignore him at the others. Yesterday was one of the worst Knight attacks yet, and he had been rescued by a petite blonde with a sharp mouth who shouldn’t give two fucks about him but still sat with him at lunch. Pathetic.
He called to his mother “I’m going to the library! I’ll see you in a bit.” He waited and heard her responding grunt before bounding out the door.
He prayed for 10 minutes, before he opened his eyes and stared at the grave again. His heart gave a pang when he thought about the flowers, and how the shade of blue was so close to Castiel’s eyes. He would never see those eyes again.
Slowly, Castiel started raising his battered person up, until his father grew impatient and pulled him roughly up by the armpits, making the world spin and his head light. Castiel looked dazedly in the direction of his father as he jerked out of his hands and fell back against the wall. “What do you mean- mother’s dead?” He whispered.
But his extra effort was for nothing. He walked through the school nervous, but assailed as he made his way to the door. He was almost to the sidewalk before they attacked.
He felt his face with one hand, and it was swollen, his cheeks inflated and painful. He could tell he was going to have a black eye, and his nose still burned and dripped blood. “Asshole.” Cas muttered dejectedly. The bruises on his stomach cried out when he moved.
He grabbed a light grey knit cardigan and a couple books to return and his wallet. There was nothing in his wallet but his library card, a gas station rewards card, and a single dollar bill. He had to put his books down to put his wallet in his back pocket with one hand.
He stripped out of his clothes until he was only wearing his boxers, and then sat on the bed feeling exhausted. The covers wrinkled under his legs were cold, and they felt good against his bruises. Cas kneaded at his arm, rubbing at the red sore spot where the ink had been. He was beginning to develop a habit of doing that. He sat there rubbing his arm for a few minutes in silence, mind blank and tired and sad. He didn’t know why he was sad particularly. He just was.
He cringed, and backed down the stairs, listening to the dripping of his hair, suddenly louder than it had been before. “Yes mother?”
When Castiel finished examining himself, he strode self consciously from the bathroom, trying to keep his head down and his neck covered. He passed the girl’s bathroom and heard arguing coming from the maintenance closet next to it. Looking quickly, he noticed it was halfway open,  and inside was the telltale Nightmare On Elm Street backpack slung across Alistar’s shoulders. He was hunched over something with glittering blonde hair, and a horrible pang struck Castiel’s stomach as he realized Alistair had cornered Jo. He almost wanted to go and help her, but he knew he would only make the situation worse. He was far from intimidating when it came to warding off bullies.
Maybe Winchester would be more inclined to be disapproving than joyful. He had a brother after all, maybe that instilled some sort of moral sense in his heart, however shaky and off course it may be. Winchester was the one who walked out on Alistair originally, so he must have some misgivings about what was basically water torture. Though Castiel didn’t fool himself into thinking that Winchester had walked out because of him. It had nothing to do with the person being dunked. But Castiel did have the feeling that if it was anyone other than him, Dean probably would’ve ended the little session right there. He just wasn’t worth the strain it would put on Dean’s friendship with Alistair. This last thought was accompanied by a bitter aftertaste in Castiel’s mouth. Anger bubbled in his stomach.
Then it hit Castiel. This was another Naomi situation. The girl had seen him outside, saw how hopeless and useless he was, and reported into the Knights for duty. What was the excuse this time? Was she going to pretend to recruit him to some sort of club or something? Was she just going to bat those eyelashes at him and hope he played along?
“Ok, ok.” She conceded, throwing her hands up in what seemed like defeat. “But can I have help before lunch is over?”
Even more confused than before, Castiel continued staring at Alistair, who sighed again, delicately. “Azazel’s sister got fucked, he’s home all the time dealing’ with the downfall. Dean-o’s got other stuff to do, and I wouldn't hang out with that retard Uriel by myself for a fucking Porsche. Naomi's got a loving mommy, Meg’s got a new guy and Benny’s been carted down to New Orleans with his family.” He looked at Castiel pointedly, grinning humorously when he saw the puzzlement in the blue eyes. Castiel was frustrated now. Who cared about the status of Alistair’s social life?
He just noticed as he walked down the bustling hallway that Winchester was talking to a freshmen on his right, not looking altogether friendly. As Castiel hurriedly passed, Winchester looked right at him until Castiel was out of his line of sight. The look was cold, reminiscent of a glare, and it didn’t exactly warm Castiel’s heart as he watched the fist bunched in the freshmen’s collar tighten until the knuckles turned white. There was a bruise on Winchester’s cheek, the size of an apple. Castiel wondered if Alistair had given his buddy that for interfering yesterday.
“You know damn well what I’m talking about. I feel like we’re having these types of talks way, way too often Dean. Now what happened? What did you do to him? Where hell is he?”
Alistair looked faintly amused, not the least bit put out that his plaything had just scampered away from him. He crawled forwards, across the short distance on all fours, swinging his hips in a vulgar impression of sensuousness. Castiel’s hands scraped over the ground as he tried to pull himself away. The pebbles were damp and left his hands beaded with wet dirt, uncomfortable and prickly. He dragged himself a few feet before he collapsed, unnaturally tired. Panting, he watched, terrified, as the clawed hands neared his sprawled legs. “Don’t be like that! I’m not going to hurt you.” Alistair weedled. The fact that Alistair would resort to telling him such obvious lies scared Castiel. The bigger boy wasn’t even trying, he knew he was going to win any  fight that occurred.
“I kind of find that hard to believe Dean.” He said softly. “If he’s so well off and protected, then why hasn’t he told anyone yet? Because from where I stand, this doesn’t sound like a one time thing.”
But Dean didn’t think he’d be that stupid. And besides, the dude could barely wipe his ass without help this morning.
“Okay. Okay.” He tried to calm his heart, to figure out what to do. He couldn’t just leave him here, he could die if he did. Calling 911 and leaving? Could that work? There was the possibility that when Castiel woke he would immediately tell the police who was responsible for most of his injuries, or, if he didn’t know his attacker he could just blame Dean. Or Alistair and Azazel, and their getting blamed would lead to his getting blamed to by association. Anyone could’ve done this to Castiel, in this area, if they thought he had money. From the looks of him, if Castiel ever did have money it was long gone by now. Well, ER was out, unless something changed drastically on the way to the car. Dean didn’t want his Dad (or Bobby, or Ellen, or anyone else unaware of this little tidbit) that he could’ve been responsible for this.
Inside, Zacharia was standing near the dining room table, hunched over his phone and stationary. Castiel didn’t linger before he turned back to the task of dragging the suitcase up the wooden stairs.
He heard the deep rumble of the engine before he saw the deep black impala roaring towards him. Far enough away that he couldn’t see who was behind the steering wheel, (though he already knew) he watched it approach with dread. He quickly turned into the first street he came across, hoping Winchester hadn’t seen him, though he knew he stuck out like a sore thumb in the prissy neighborhood he was traveling through. Surprisingly, the sounds of the engine roared past Castiel, not slowing down. If anything, it sped up. Sighing with relief, Castiel turned around and headed back up the sidewalk the way he came, not wanting anyone to call the police on his because he looked like a hit-and-run victim.
While he was packing lunch, which was pitiful (but thankfully he found enough money  in a dirty pair of pants  to buy a school lunch) Sam walked into the kitchen, dressed and ready to go. “Hey.” Dean said.
She stopped speaking and bit her lip, breathing a bit more heavily than before. Castiel was still rooted to the carpet, a deadpan expression fixed on his face like usual. She stared at him, she looked sincere. Really sincere. Castiel was fighting the impulse, his stupid basic human need to trust her. But it was a losing battle. He always was too gullible.
Castiel waded along until he was pulled into a headlock from behind. He sighed out loud as his bag was ripped from his shoulders and tossed into the sea of students, many of which glared at him as if it was his fault they were being bombarded with school books. Alistar’s arm tightened constricting around his neck and he chuckled. Castiel just hung limp, fighting was useless in this stage. Maybe if he got out of the headlock?
Cas thought it over. If she was lying, he would probably get jumped in the hallway and end up with his face in a toilet, new bruises on his skin. Then he would never speak to Naomi again, and his lesson would be learned. But if she wasn’t lying, then he would have come off as a jerk and a coward for being too afraid to help a girl with her locker. One more thing for the knights of hell to taunt him about. What the hell, he decided, and started packing up his lunch.
“Dean, just because ‘you’re the oldest’ and everything you say goes does NOT mean I’m going to let it happen. This is cowardly. You are a coward. A fucking coward. Don’t let your being messed up mess up somebody else’s life.”
“Okay. That’s your phone call to make, and soon. You got it?” Dean asked. It seemed perfect, ship Novak down to Indiana and leave the family to the aftermath of missed school and Graduation. It would be a little difficult explaining to Jo how Novak just happened to be gone, but….
“So, I’m just gonna sit on the floor and do my stuff. I can quote the movie backwards anyhow, no matter if I’m doing science while it’s playing. Do you need anything? A snack, or water? I was thinking we could change any bandages later. And Dean helped you, uh, to the bathroom?”
Dean’s mouth dropped open in horror. He felt the blood rush from his head and he heard vaguely as Sam gasped, flashlight dropping from his hand. A drop of ruby liquid hit Dean on the forehead, and the snake of fear coiled in his stomach reared, turning into terror and anguish. It choked his throat, and Dean stared up for 3 seconds before he was able to return the movement to his body.
He was very lucky to live only a few blocks from the local library, and was in there more than he should be. He had become a regular, and almost every librarian knew his name. He knew many of their names too, and had even been to some of their houses. But he hadn’t done that in a long time.
He unloaded his books at the checkout desk and tried to hurry the young librarian along, twisting around every three seconds to make sure Winchester wasn't going to grab him from behind or something.
Dean turned and just stared at the window, not really wanting to talk to anybody. He started thinking about yesterday, and Novak. Tying Novak to that bridge. It hadn’t really been the plan, he had thought they were just going to beat him up and leave him there. But Azazel had thought out a whole nother plan, and they had just gone with it. Hidden their surprise.
“Get off of my fucking property.” Zacharia said, kicking the shit out of Castiel's leg for emphasis. Castiel groaned quietly and swiped a few stray tears off of his face before dragging himself to his knees, and then his feet, unlocking the gate fence and staggering away from the house. His father watching emotionlessly from Castiel’s back porch. Castiel’s old back porch. His father’s back porch.
He stared at the wall of his room, and just let his mind buzz pleasantly. He sat there until his hand slipped while rubbing his arm, hitting his thigh with a sharp smack and snapping him out of his daze. He flinched at the  sound and got slowly up from the bed, every muscle screaming at him to just get under the covers and go to bed for the rest of time. But instead, he pulled on his black slacks, a white button down shirt over a pale t shirt, and a blue tie. He rolled the sleeves up to his elbows, and exited his room.
Also, not just the people above but ALL OF YOU who comment make me so so happy and you guys are so awesome thank you! Tell me if you have ANYTHING to say about the story, I will respond. Even tell me if you don't like the way the story's going! Seriously, feedback is much appreciated.
“And even if you had said anything like that, you would be lying anyways. Because I’m a thousand percent sure that you are too much of a helpless loser to attract anything other than pity for your worthless life.” Finality in his father’s tone made the point of halting the conversation. Castiel simply looked down at his food.
Ping. Ping. Ping. Cas’s fingers flew on the pinball machine, trying to make his rounds last because he only had three bucks and he had to make them worth it. The metal ball flew over pictures of boxing rings and Rocky and the lyrics to ‘Eye of the Tiger’ That were splashed across the inside of the game. The door across the arcade opened, letting in a burst of cool spring air, and he looked up momentarily over the pinball machines in front of him to see who it was on reflex.
Instead of bothering the cleaning lady, who was deeply concentrated on the handle of the device, Castiel creaked up the stairs to his room and dropped off his backpack. He had some homework but that could wait until later at night, after the cleaning lady left and he had his house to himself. It wasn’t that big of a breach in his privacy, but he never felt like doing things when other people were around. Maybe he got that from school.
“Uhm, why should you?” She furrowed her brow. “Well, for one, I don’t even know this school my first day was less than a week ago. I know, I know, late start, but I was homeschooled until now. I don’t know anyone here, I saw you on the sidewalk this morning and it looked like you and I both need the same thing. A friend.” She reached to his shoulder like she was going to pat it, and he shrank back quickly. She put her hand awkwardly down and said “You don’t have to trust me, I can tell you really don’t believe me when I say I come in peace. But just know that I’m not lying. I don’t know what they’ve put you through here,” she eyed his face “but I had no part in it, and I never will. I just want to be your friend.”
He was panicky and his heart was beating faster and slower at the same time and he was struggling hard not to breath but the urge to was so, so strong. As the seconds ticked by he felt his will crumble until, involuntarily, he took in a breath of water and started choking immediately, everything from his elbows up burning. He opened his eyes, thrashing more forcefully and the hand on his neck was getting slippery, maybe he would get out soon…
“I thought dragging Novak always put you in a good mood, Dean-o!” Alistair said, faking concern. “But it looks like it’s doing the opposite now.”
Every breath Cas took hurt his lungs, but it wasn’t the worst beating he had gotten from any of the Knights Of Hell. It wasn’t the worst beating he had gotten ever. That one had been from his father.
Sam laboriously got up and pressed a button on the VHS, and the background score blared from the old speakers. It was very different from the sleek television set Castiel had had access to in his previous house, but better than the tinny sounds emitted from his dying laptop when he neglected to put earbuds in.
The Knights came out of their shock behind him and started running after him, shouting insults to him and each other. Calling him a Pussy and a coward and taunting him.
The truth was, these half-beatings every day, on top of homework and studies and his mom not going food shopping in 3 weeks was really taking a tole on Castiel. He was kind of numb all day, feeling things here and there but not especially caring. He hadn’t felt much emotion past anger, fear and sadness for a long, long time. He couldn’t find anything to smile or laugh about, not even Buffy the Vampire Slayer was working.
After he had done that, “Dinner” was served. His mom must have been out of it while cooking, because the meal was half burned. It was macaroni and cheese with hot dogs cooked into it. Sometimes, if his father was home, his mother would cook an actual meal. And it wouldn’t be half bad, because he father might get angry if it was bad. His mother could cook well if she tried. But right now it was all he could do to force down the crap and keep a neutral expression.
He read that for an hour, and was really starting to get into it, when his mother came into his room and informed him in a slurred voice that dinner was ready. Cas really didn't want to leave his room, but he would get punished if he disobeyed.
He started with his head, lifting his neck up and then bumping it back as gently as he could onto the floor with a groan. His neck was horribly painful, having been pulled so many ways the night before. After a few moments he tried again, forcing his head up and then his shoulders, eyes welling at the pain but no tears spilling. He gasped as he felt the bruise on his stomach burst in pain. Then in turn almost every other body part he had bloomed in a fiery complaint that echoed through his brain. Now he could feel the beginnings of an unwelcome headache.
There were students already there when he got inside. He hurried to his locker and then to his first class.
“Come on, say hello to dad!” Zacharia mockingly said opening his arms as if welcoming a hug, and Cas walked stiffly across the room for  his father to squeeze him into a bone-crushing mangle of a hug. It made all the injuries on his body cry out, and Castiel bit his lip hard to keep from making a sound. He didn’t return the hug, just stood there and took it. Fake affection was at least a little better than beatings.
When he was released, he stumbled back and “Welcome home father.” left his mouth numbly. “Dinner will be starting in a few minutes.”
She led him down the empty hall in almost-silence, with her making little comments along the way about how much school sucked and how she was failing in math and all the usual student gripes and grumbles.
His father arrived shortly after Castiel finished dinner preparations. His mother bolted from the couch, slipped on some high heels to match her red dress, and went to greet her husband at the door. Castiel hurried to the bathroom, just for a few seconds to make sure he was decent, and then walked into the living room to greet him.
Cas stared at his notebook, but not for as long as he had previously. Then he shut it, dropped his pen over the side of his bed that he was nested on, and dragged himself from a slumped half-sit to a full sitting position. Then he crawled off his bed and over to his shelf, where he kept a roll of duct tape for emergencies. He was going to cover up his name on the front, because now that he thought about it he really liked the idea of throwing it finally into the same creek he had broken his arm in. The water wouldn’t destroy it completely, but the ink would run and the pages would tear. Someone would have to be awfully determined to read it, and he couldn’t imagine that anyone would want to read about his sorry life if they weren't interested in getting dirt on him.
They hit him in the side and face until he fell, and Uriel couldn't hold him up. And when he fell, they kicked him. He yelled in pain with every kick, and he felt his ribs take every impact. The hard gravel wasn't doing anything for comfort. The next kick came in harder then the rest, and he screamed. He hadn't begged for them to stop more then twice, because he knew they wouldn't until they were good an ready to.
They laughed harder as he turned hurriedly and walked away, eager to get out of the place he thought was safe but apparently was not. They were making a bigger spectacle of themselves that was really necessary, but wasn’t that the point of the Knights Of Hell? To bring attention to themselves?
She looked past Dean, to a confused Sam. “See you later Sam. Hope you’re proud.” She strode out the door.
Castiel rubbed at his arm all throughout the rest of the day, and whenever he saw a flash of sandy blond hair or Alistar’s trademark Nightmare on Elm Street backpack he would turn the other direction. Even though it made him late for Algebra. His legs burned and felt like sandbags, his arms ached, his chest ached and his back ached worst of all. His butt was bruised to from being slammed to the floor, and he could feel every cut and bruise on his face as well. You would think he wouldn’t be very fazed by these things, being beaten up all the time as he was, but swollen bruises on his face felt like a very thick layer of face paint, and he could always sense it under his eyes and nose, making him want to rub his face. And the initials scrawled on his arm didn’t help, they hurt because the two boys had pressed down viciously with the pen. It didn’t matter that it was only ink, it made him angry to look at the marks, angry at Alistar and furious at Dean Winchester.
“T-that she-Mrs. Novak- is dead?” He asked, though he really called out to find out if Novak sr. actually didn’t want his son back. But somehow Dean’s bravery seemed to evaporate when Zacharaia’s attention turned on him.
*** there is a rape attempt in this chapter, though he doesn't get much farther than kissing and saying extremely vulgar things. You have been warned. It's.... not exactly mild, but not extreme.***
Jo grabbed something at her side, and held it up. “I found this in the hallway, I assume it’s yours?” She was brandishing Castiel’s backpack, and he nodded. She put it back down and stood up.
Dean grabbed Sully and slammed him against the wall of lockers, and grinned when Sully groaned loudly. Tears were shining in the fat kid’s eyes, and Dean grinned wider when he didn’t feel any guilt looking at them. So it was only Novak. Strange.
Alistair knelt beside him and said maliciously “Try anything like that again, I’ll go get the baseball bat and finish the job I started.” Dean watched Castiel’s eyes flitter with fear as Alistar grabbed his arm and forced up the sleeve of the cardigan Castiel was wearing. With a ballpoint pen, he wrote the letters A. A. In blocky letters on Castiel’s arm. THe letters stood for Alistair Abernathy. He finished up and passed the pen to Dean, who quickly crouched in front of Castiel and grabbed his warm hand. As he drew his initials into the pale skin there, he wondered how it would feel to snap all the fingers of Castiel’s hand. To watch blood pour from them onto his perfect, expensive clothes bought for him from his perfect apple-pie-life mom. Probably satisfying, maybe a little disturbing. He dug the ballpoint pen hard into Castiel’s arm, and the boy yelped and tried to jerk away from him. Dean laughed softly, almost managing to succeed in ignoring the guilty twitch in his heart.
Sam sniffed and turned away. “Kinda both.” He said, challenging Dean to find something wrong with this.
“Well, You just- we- they’re amazing!” Sam exploded with twelve-year-old charisma, waving a VHS box in his hand. “I can’t believe you’ve never seen them, I think the whole world’s seen ‘em dude. Like, Antarctica included.” He turned and put in the VHS, rewinding it quickly. “So, you haven’t read the books either?”
“Clean. I’ll start dinner. You’re making garlic bread.” His mother walked into the kitchen, talking over her shoulder.
Castiel took that to mean ‘If you’re not back by 5, you’re not getting food until lunch tomorrow’ and walked back to his room.
He rubbed a spot on the back of his head, and it stung. He must have gotten some of the skin scraped off, but he couldn’t really feel what had happened beyond stings and a raw sensation. When one of the knights of hell had banged his head into the locker his must have hit the padlock pretty hard, because it hadn’t stopped hurting throughout the rest of the school day.
“Then he has to find his own damn way someplace else. This isn’t a hotel. We can’t afford-” Dean cut off, and looked at Sam. “He’s not family. We can’t just let some- pathetic kid stay here just because we feel bad, or his dad’s a hardass-”
And after a few minutes of quickly battling with his inner demons, feeling steadily queasier and sicker and seeing Castiel’s face grow steadily redder as he was dragged out of the water for brief air breaks, Dean tried to get Alistair to stop. Alistair had yanked Novak out and thrown him to the ground, Dean was admittedly a little worried (damn conscience) by the lack of movement by the other boy. The weaker boy’s erratic breathing was frightening, to understate it, and Dean’s heart-region had protested against that much to the displeasure of Dean’s mind. When Alistair had refused to let old blue eyes go, Dean had called it quits then and there. The other two could carry on with this fun, but Dean wasn’t going to be faulted if this whole shenanigan went terribly wrong. He hated Castiel, but there was a line. Maybe if it was someone else, say…. Anna, from Algebra, he would have stopped the whole thing. But really, as long as the blood wasn’t on his hands he couldn’t care less if Castiel got fucking PTSD from this bullshit, as long as no one’s soul was ripped from their body. Wow, that was a little graphic. He had left the swimming pool with a horrible feeling in his chest and a thorough wish to smack someone in the face with his knuckles.
A little into the movie he must have fallen asleep out of sudden fatigue, because when he woke up it was paused and Sam was reading. After a few minutes, Castiel blearily turned his head and found a glass of water sitting under his position on the couch; presumably for him. If not, he was about to piss somebody off. He reached over sloppily and tried to grasp the glass, and Sam said “Oh! You’re awake. I paused the movie, but I think you might’ve missed some-I wasn’t really paying attention and I don’t know when you conked out.”
He opened the suspected cabinet, and with a lurch his stomach fell somewhere around his knees. The duct tape wasn’t there.
The old arcade was a couple miles from his house, downtown. A small building, about the size of a two bedroom house filled to the brim with pinball machines and ancient shooting games. He only went there sometimes, when he had a bit of pocket money. Now he was on his last few dollars left over from mowing his neighbor’s lawn a few weeks back.
Footsteps echoed through the room, and the door opened squeakily. Castiel’s stomach dropped as Alistar muttered “Fuckin’ cowards. Afraid to have a little fun.”
He could almost hear Sam’s neck crack as he whipped it around. “Pizza?” Hope. Cold dignity and hope.
They didn’t give Castiel a hunter’s burial, consequences be damned. It seemed too wrong to burn the body after how the life had been taken, and they buried it in a nice spot in the woods near the bunker. It was Dean’s favourite place to come, where the trees were just thin enough that light would shine through, but you couldn’t see the sky through the leafs. You could always hear the stream babbling, and plants rustling or animals moving through the foliage. They lied  him to rest near a patch of wildflowers, hopefully those would cover the grave in time. Dean had looked them up later to find they were called ‘Delphinium’, bright blue tiny flowers growing in bunches.
As they traveled steadily down the hallway to the pool, The three Knights kept up a cheerful conversation going consisting of insult to Castiel’s life in general, the school, and the PE teacher. As the door to the pool locker room loomed into sight, Castiel jerked hard in Alistar’s headlock, not succeeding in much except getting Alistar to tighten his hold to bruising pont. “Woah there, where’re you going?” He asked Castiel, deceivingly good-natured.
“Yeah, it’s me.” She sounded relieved. “Thank god you’re alive, I thought I was too late. I thought you were dying. I was about to call nine-one-one.”
Alistair grabbed his leg hard, Castiel jumped and tried to kick out unsuccessfully, only succeeding in grazing the side of Alistair’s cheek with the toe of his shoe. Quick as a tiger he was dragged bodily across the ground, scrunched up into Alistair in such a painful position he screamed. Quickly a hand was over his mouth, dry and disgustingly warm, and he lurched forward trying to bite the palm. Suddenly the hand was replaced by Alistair’s disgustingly hot mouth, tongue plunging indelicately past Castiel’s lips, licking everywhere in the few seconds. Making horrible wordless noises, gagging, Castiel fought to get away from the intrusion that was making his empty stomach rear. His hands were weak and useless, so he used his elbow, trying desperately to get enough leverage to jam it somewhere, anywhere. The mouth was still on his, lips moving and slimy and warm, and Castiel couldn’t stand having them on him, he wanted them off off off off off
He turned around the car in a highly illegal U-turn, speeding down the pavement to the fancy-neighborhood Novak lived in. He hoped to the heavens this could be over quickly.
He looked both ways before making every turn, almost running through the hallways. He walked outside without being attacked, but still held his breath. He had yet to clear the parking lot. He had just taken a few steps outside when he was grabbed roughly by the arms and shoved to the side. He hadn't seen them coming!
They started moving, Alistar jerked him forward and he awkwardly hobbled along, still ensnared in the headlock. Winchester continued. “See, we heard from a certain person that you aren’t exactly a prodigy when it comes to the water world.” Castiel stiffened just a little in surprise; it was true, he wasn’t the best when it came to swimming. He would bet prepared to bet that the school PE teacher had given that particular piece of information. He had never exactly done well in her swimming lessons. “So we thought we’d just give you a little practice.”
Heyyyyy guys. So, if you feel the same way I do about this chapter, you hate it. I had to edit this yesterday and I just think it's not very realistic, and I had to practically rewrite the entire thing because some things just didn't make any sense. I mean, the part at the end's okay with his father and all, but the whole Jo thing? Tell me what you think because I've already written the next few chapters but I want to know if I should leave Jo in or not.
Castiel clicked the pen closed, and put the journal away quickly, sleep tugging at his eyelids and making his limbs fill with mortar. He turned the light off and wrapped himself up in blankets, cocoon-like and comfortable. He thought about ways to get the inevitable beer-smell off the side of the house before his father came home.
Dean was sitting on the floor, kneeling in front of Casiel humiliatingly low, eyes meeting Castiel’s chin when he looked head on.
They got home, and Castiel hurried out of the cold into the house. His ribs had kicked back up again, but it wasn’t as bad as his arm had been. He just wanted to get in bed and sleep. It was almost one in the morning, as the doctors and nurses had to keep them at the hospital a longer time than expected.
Alistair left, after what seemed to be an hour in Castiel’s fogged over brain. He sealed their parting with a fleeting kiss on the cheek, but Castiel fell unconscious before he could rub off the stain.
Castiel wanted to tell him that he just had to get his cast off, but he somehow doubted that would make Dean stop. And besides, Dean was being such a fucking hypocrite. He was out of school too.
Cas tilted his head up slightly, and looked mouthed the words silently and slowly. Dean gasped out another sob as he recognized was Castiel was mouthing, ‘I love you too.’ He cried clutched Castiel closer as he registered another word the dying man mouthed. ‘Good bye’.
When it seemed he would never get free, Castiel stopped struggling. He focused all his energy on holding his breath, which was becoming a rapidly bigger issue, as the stale air seemed to have turned to lava in his lungs, burning through the flesh and leaving him helpless. The pressure was building and building, and he resorted to blowing bubbles out of his nose to relieve it in some way, which didn’t work. In fact, it seemed to deplete his air supply quite quickly. Alistair seemed to find his lack of struggle amusing, Castiel could feel the vibrations of him laugh through his side. He shivered, disgusted to be so close to the teenager.
Probably they knew all of it. Knowing Alistair he had probably grabbed a phone, dialed Winchester’s number and boasted about his work, as long as Winchester would listen. He did seem rather opposed to the idea of what Alistair was doing yesterday. Then he would have called Azazel and maybe Uriel too, accepted their praise and polished his throne at the top of the pecking order. Castiel found himself wondering if the others would approve. Azazel almost certainly would think it was a tale worth writing on gold leaf, worth proclaiming to the whole school, despite the fact that he had abandoned the attack yesterday. Castiel probably could expect nothing less than Azazel’s worst treatment. Uriel...well, Castiel didn’t really have a grasp on Uriel’s attitude. He was basically a carbon copy toadie, sneering and laughing at all the right insults, holding arms behind backs and only joining in when told to. Maybe he would laugh, suck up to Alistair and try to be a real member of ‘the gang’. Winchester….
After dinner, Dean did the dishes while listening to Metallica. Then he went up to his room and read his Deadpool until he was drowsy. He brushed his teeth and went to bed, laying in the dark for a while before he got sleepy again.
Hey Y'all! I'm so sorry to have so heartlessly abandoned this story. As some readers may have guessed from previous comments, my personal issues got a lot better, and then A LOT worse. I've had the worst couple years of my life, and while my drive to write has diminished, going back and reading your comments every so often gives me warm, happy feelings of worth in this world. That's very dramatic but accurate.
He thoroughly searched his room, looking for the silver duct tape that he knew couldn’t be there because there were only a few places to lose things in his room and he had searched them all. But he searched them again. And again. Desperation built up inside him as he walked in circles around his room, a simple problem blown into a full grown crisis. He dropped to his knees, and thrust his head partway under the bed. No duct tape. Nothing.
And right on queue, Castiel’s mother’s footsteps sounded on the stairs, and she descended with a case of bedhead in a big bad way, and a robe wrapped around her that she was still tying. She glared at him, then fixed her gaze on the food on the table and loitered to it, not looking at Castiel again. Castiel fixed his gaze to the floor, furrowing his eyebrows in vexation. She never thanked him, and no matter how many times he had made her breakfast it always stung a bit that he had done all of it for her time and time again and he never even got a “Thanks” muttered out the side of her mouth. Not anything new.
Dean walked out of Bobby’s house with a feeling of accomplishment and trepidation. He was still a little shaken by what had happened that morning, but he was trying desperately to let go of the shakes. He had only treated Castiel like he would normally, and now his brain was trying to split itself in half with different opinions. And don’t forget the damn guilt! It was trying to drill into his fucking stomach like some sort of groundhog from hell. And Dean tried, he tried so hard, but he couldn’t logic his way out of it. He could definitely trace an increase of guilt back to his conversation with Al, but that was little surprise.
The rest of the walk he carefully spent looking at where he was going and not thinking about what it will be like when he shows up in school with a cast. Because he was definitely going to need one, the way his arm was feeling right now. He felt every step he took pulse through it, and the fact one of his ribs was stabbing him with pain too did not help either. He shouldn’t have waited so long to get help.
When Castiel’s alarm clock rang out the next morning, he didn’t turn it off and it rang and rang until it stopped on it’s own, maybe 20 minutes later. The only thing that got Castiel to open his eyes was the sudden realization to his sleepy pained mind that he was going to be late for school, on the day that his father was coming home.
Castiel shook his head. “I’ll tell...my parents.” He lied, wry amusement flashing through him. Like his parents would do anything. But he couldn’t have Jo telling anyone, it would get out to the whole school and things would just get worse.
There was a moment of terrifying nothingness, and then his body smacked the water 25 feet below, and his arms were wrenched painfully further behind his back. He hit the bottom of the creek, and his arm screamed out in pain. He had broken it, no doubt.
He had gotten away before they had time to graffiti his cast again, which was good because his marker was running out of ink and he would have to find a better way to cover up the pictures, and soon. They probably had a different colour sharpie for when they black covered the entire surface and they had nowhere else to draw. Thank goodness he was getting his cast off tomorrow.
Castiel doubted he would eat anything for lunch with his stomach hurting so much, and churning from the pain meds he had taken on empty. But he had packed himself a PBJ anyways, just in case. And he could use it as barter for peace today from the Knights of Hell. Sometimes they let him off the hook if he gave them his lunch, and it wasn’t like he wasn’t used to being hungry anyways.
He awkwardly maneuvered the broom so that the handle was resting on his cast, and his other hand was moving it to round the dirt up off the floor. He brushed it across the boards in short slow sweeps. It wasn’t so unusual, being forced to clean, but normally not the before-clean when his father was  coming home. His mother didn’t trust him enough normally to clean the house well enough. And if she ended up alienating the cleaning lady, (which she normally did) then she would just hire another. Castiel started wondering why she wouldn't just hire another one this time. Maybe we’re running out of money? Pfft, we have so much we couldn’t run out if we tried. He though, a little bit bitterly. He knew that most kids at school hated his for his money, and while it was what was paying the bills and feeding him, he resented it.
Apparently the gasp had been involuntarily for Novak didn’t stir more than sagging farther down Dean’s chest. Handling him like a fragile eggshell, Dean hefted Castiel farther up before slipping his hand under his knees and holding him bridal style. Another whisper of agony passed Castiel’s lips, and Dean glanced at his face. Instead of the relaxed if unlively expression on his face beforehand,  his nose was screwed up slightly, and his mouth was twisted in pain. As Dean started walking to the car, he could hear Novak’s breath bobbing in time with his footsteps.
“I told you, boy, Mrs. Novak is dead. Do you hear me? Should I say it louder?” He almost shouted the last part. Dean felt his temper rise like a tsunami, and humiliateingly, he felt his hands start shaking. No one would ever say that Mr. Novak was not imposing. “I have photos of the body if you want them, but whoever you think you have in the back of your car is not someone I know. You understand? I don’t have a son. Goodbye.”
He waited in the kitchen until the pot started whistling, and then quickly turned it off. He poured the water, but was sloppy and splashed some out the nozzle, hitting his foot below.
Dean thought about it for a few seconds before replying. “I don’t think he told. My dad hasn’t said anything and he totally would’ve by now.”  He hit send.
He clawed his way up a steep hill, holding his arm to his chest as he went. His leg was hurting too, since he had landed on that. His chest still burned with anger.
Something big had happened. Like his father losing his job big, or his mother having to get one. Or maybe there was a nasty rumour going around. And what was it she had said about paying hospital bills? Maybe the one for Castiel’s arm had been a bit high. It was a mind boggling thought, considering his father’s money never seemed to end. But that kind of thinking usually got people in trouble so he tried to avoid it.
After he had paced awhile, Castiel put down the book and took out his journal. He took off the tiny padlock on it, and started writing.
After a car ride that stretched on and on with only himself and the sound of some spare change jingling to fill the dusty leather interior, Dean arrived at the desired store. He got out, counted his cash, stowed it securely in his back pocket to discourage pickpockets (was it the back or the front that was easier to get to? Whatever) and stepped inside the rundown shop.
“Uh, yeah hi I’m- your son goes to school with me, and I was way across town and found him. N- Castiel. I don’t know if you were looking for him-” judging by the man’s completely uninterested appearance, Dean guessed not. “-but yeah, I found him, and he’s roughed up pretty bad so I was just going to drop him off here and be on my-”
She almost skipped out of the library, and he felt his mood shifting downwards as he got more and more annoyed by her happiness. And suspicious. He was very suspicious.
Then Azazel and Alistair had started laughing, and Dean had joined in without thinking about it. It was second nature to laugh like a movie villain when Novak was doing something interesting.
Dean started forward again and Castiel couldn’t keep his eyes off the bat, and he could barely feel the place where it had hit because the terror was coursing through his veins so thickly. He imagined how each blow would feel, thudding on his back and head and sides, breaking and fracturing and bruising.
The Watchers was laying flat open on his chest, He had stopped halfway through one of his favourite scenes because he just couldn’t concentrate on anything.
Jo rolled her eyes. He could see them go completely white out of the corner of his eye. She was very dedicated to eye rolling. She might have practiced it in a mirror at one point. “You’re a dumb drama queen.” She obviously didn’t believe he didn’t know what happened to ol blue eyes. Harsher than usual, her words were meant to cut.
The man turned to leave but before he shut the door Dean blurted “Wait! Are you serious?” Novak sr. turned around and looked at him like he was a bug. Dean regretted his life decisions for a second.
He got up and walked around the house quickly, fairly sure that his mother was not there. She did that, just leaving without telling him anything. She once was gone for 4 days in a row, without leaving so much as a note to tell him where she went.
Castiel was still half crouched at one of the counters in the kitchen, his knees halfway buckled and wobbling. He slowly started to rise, and then went rigid as he heard a voice speak behind him. “Out for a walk?” Fuck.
This chapter was sitting in my Google Docs, so I decided to just copy and paste it. It's from 3 years ago, I'm not continuing the story, but I am very sorry to everyone I've just suddenly let down. It's tough to realize the fic has no end. Thank you for all the support! Stay cool, fandomland.
Cas felt his heart beat out of his chest as his mother’s footsteps suddenly clacked up the stairs, and she threw open the door to his room wearing a scowl big on her face. Castiel’s expression was close to fear, more surprised because she had thrown his door open so hard it had hit the wall with a sharp thud. She did that a lot but it never seemed to fail at surprising Castiel.
Cas microwaved his spaghetti, leaning against the kitchen counter as he waited. It sounded like world war two was happening in the microwave, but he bet his pasta would be cold in the middle. He pulled it out when the timer was done, and found this was just the case.
He mainly used to it to watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer, since he didn’t have the Netflix password and his mother used the TV a lot. It wasn’t good for much else, besides checking his barron email that in the absence of friends, contained only stiff messages from his father and mother. And even those weren't very many.
Dean Winchester walked in, and Castiel’s eyes widened a fraction in surprise. Shouldn’t he be in school? I doesn’t let out until 3. And then Dean looked up and Cas ducked down before he could see him, crouching behind the pinball he was playing. He heard the ball fall past the little plastic guards and the losing music play. He gulped as fear curled in his chest like a chemical reaction to seeing Dean.
Castiel found out as he grabbed it, Wicked was a lot thicker than he thought it was, which was fine, except he really had other things to read school. He had only grabbed watchers intending to read little bits and pieces. But he also really wanted to find out about the cover of the book, which was green, decorated by a woman all in white, whispering into the ear of a green woman clad in black. He assumed she was the Wicked witch. So he grabbed the book and headed on his way.
After puzzling a moment about where he should put the glass shards, The trash can inside, or the bigger one outside? He dumped it into the bigger one around the shadowy side of the house. The clattering of the contents might have woken his mother inside, and he didn’t want to risk her bad mood.
Castiel forced himself to walk calmly to the next clas, and not let everybody see that he was terrified. Azazel had clearly failed the math test, and Cas could still see the glare Azazel had sent his way. The look had promised a beating after school, maybe a few stitches. He really didn't want to go to the emergency room again, but he just didn't know how to avoid them.
“Well well freak. You’re looking a little rougher than usual today.” Alistair sneered, examining his face. “Wanna explain that? Has someone else been beating on ya, huh? Taking up space on that face for bruises that could have been ours?” He looked around the group. “Or has one of you been havin some fun without me?” He looked especially at Dean, who shrugged.
Castiel whisked the eggs with a mute expression, eyes not really watching what he was doing because he had done it so many times before. He rushed a little because he had such a small amount of time to get the eggs cooked and coffee brewed, but otherwise this felt perfectly normal. His mother probably had never made him breakfast in her life. Sometimes other meals, but never the first of the day.
“No one can look at your face for this long without there being side effects.” He grumbled, giving up on the mac and cheese and putting the lid on the container. He shoved it into his backpack by his feet, hearing Azazel scoff and Alistair snort. Uriel let out a braying laugh that grated worse against Dean’s nerves.
He was off, zooming to get groceries. $25 was enough to feed two-- three- people for a few weeks, right? Especially if he talked to Sam, told him to keep that vacuum he called a mouth shut for once after mealtimes. So much food of theirs disappeared into Sam’s gullet Dean sometimes wondered if he was actually saving it to feed a refugee family of five somewhere. And Castiel would only be with them a few days…
He only stared at his sorry blue-eyed reflection for a few moments before walking back to his room to get dressed. He peeled his wet band-aid off his face.
He went back to his room and lay in bed for a few minutes. He didn’t want to make breakfast, he wasn’t hungry. He didn’t have activities to do on a Saturday morning.
Castiel was only concentrating on the machine, his eyebrows tugged together and creating wrinkles in his forehead. He was trying to wipe all other thoughts from his overly burdened brain, especially the fact that his father was coming home in less than twenty four hours. 4:00 sharp the next afternoon, after Castiel was home from school. And the nightmares would start again.
“The other’s have never noticed, you know, that you sometimes come to school looking better then when you left. They still think you got it made, with a butler, maybe a few topless maids, a silver platter of lobster waiting for you when you drop your backpack off at the door. If you did, I think you’d look a lot different than you do now. Better clothes. Better hair. Better skin.” Alistair scoffed. “Better.”
After changing, he debated. Take a nap, or go downstairs? Spend several hours in blissful sleep, or go face the thunderstorm he had left brewing behind his locked door? It was glaringly obvious which one he would choose. He laid carefully back on the bed, settling into the mattress that felt like a pillow stuffed with angel feathers. Within minutes he was fast asleep, not unlike a log, and oblivious to the world.
Castiel was staring at Dean’s green  eyes with his own unfocused blue ones, but he didn’t move. He didn’t try, like he knew it was pointless. He was dying, the cut in his stomach must have been made with an angel blade, and even he could never survive what had just happened. Dean flicked his eyes in horror as he watched a burnt piece of Castiel's leg skin slide off, like the back off of a sticker.
He spent the evening feeling horribly guilty, while at the same time mentally yelling insults at himself, and also trying to figure out what the hell he and Sam where going to eat because his dad hadn’t given him any money for groceries when he had left for a job interview a few states away yesterday. It didn’t help that Jo’s words were ringing in his ears like fire engine sirens either. As he opened the same cupboard doors over and over again, and perused the fridge’s contents for the thousandth time, Dean wondered Novak would be okay after that afternoon.
“There you have it! You’ve made up your mind! There were other times, and that’s even more reason for him not to be here, I mean, Sam you said it yourself, I’m a bully, aren’t I? Why would he want to be here?”
The next morning was cold. He woke up shivering from a nightmare involving meathooks and rumbling stomachs. He got dressed. He skipped a shower.
Castiel had nothing to say to this. He looked intensely at Alistair, almost a glare he knew. With the last bit of courage he possessed, he spit in Alistair’s face. The other boy jerked back, surprised, and Castiel closed his eyes in a flinch as Alistair swung back round-
Castiel gulped, and steeled his nerves before looking away from Dean’s lazy gaze and to the exit right by him. Then, with a whooshing breath of air, he sprinted for the opening, and out of the corner of his eye he saw Dean start to chase him before the shaggy haired boy from before started to talk to him and he stopped, casting a threatening glance at Castiel before turning to the boy. Castiel continued to the door, where he slowed to a walk and went to the side of the building, leaning against the brick alley wall. EVen though he had only run a few feet, he had to catch his breath as he felt his heart beat a violent rhythm against his ribcage. He wondered idly if he was out of shape or terrified. Probably both.
He closed his door less carefully than before, a bit mad that he would have to clean up the mess the Knights of Hell had made in the morning before getting his cast off. It made no sense to leave it until his mother woke up, and put her in a bad mood. She was his ride to the hospital, and he didn’t really want to forfeit that just so he could sleep in.
Alistar was telling them about the new computer his dad had gotten, and how he would be able to use it every once in awhile. Dean was jealous, but anger soon burned that emotion down when he thought about how Castiel must have his own laptop, and his parents could certainly afford it. He hated Castiel Novak.
A while later, Sam came by with lunch. A sandwich with what looked like a piece of ham, a piece of cheese, and mustard on it; accompanied by a yoplait banana strawberry yogurt. Sam set it on the floor, then asked Castiel if he wanted to sit up to eat, which he did.
Azazel's fist slammed into Castiel's stomach, making him double over in pain. The throbbing hadn't even begun until another fist rammed into his side. He groaned, and was pushed back against Uriel. He almost collapsed, but the pain of hanging by his arms kept him upright. He struggled to tear his hands away from Uriel, but just like all the other times, he couldn't do it before they set in on him again.
One of the iron hands that had been clamped to his head, keeping it there, slid down quickly. Down, to his chest. To his stomach. Past his stomach. Castiel bucked and thrashed as Alistair gripped his thigh hard enough to leave bruises. His hands were skeletons, and his eyes were open and cold. Wasps filled Castiel’s brain, buzzing in panic and fear, hyper aware of the hands all over him and the stench of cologne and sweat and dirt that surrounded him. He was so scared he could barely move the way he wanted to, time slowed down but his body was speeding up, four steps ahead of where he wanted to be. Alistair’s fingers were scrabbling at his fly zipper and Castiel could taste terror, coppery and blood like. He brought his hand up quickly as he could, gathering his strength, and batted numbly, with all the strength his possessed, at Alistair’s cheekbone.
When he stepped into the steaming hot water, he felt his head getting clearer. He always had to take a shower in the morning to make himself feel human, not like a living fungus ripped out of bed and shoved into school. At least it was friday.
He arrived at his house and walked inside, to his room to deposit his bag. When he got back downstairs, he found a note saying his dad had gone food shopping and would be back in a few hours. He raised his eyebrows in surprise that his dad was out and about. But their fridge had been looking empty, so he was grateful. He went upstairs.
He crept up the stairs without a sound, and threw his bag onto his bed when he got to his room. Then he started doing his math homework, to get it over quickly before he could read. While he did his math, he plucked at his cardigan with his hands, fidgeting. After about 20 minutes, he finished all his math and put it back in his backpack. Then he got out his book "Eleanor and Park", which he had heard a lot about on the internet, but wasn't very excited for. Maybe it would surprise him.
Castiel was halfway to the stairs when his father walked out of the kitchen. “Hold it!” the balding man ordered.
He struggled to his knees in the water, sputtering at the cold. His hands were still behind his arms, but he felt that the tie was looser. Maybe that was what had broken his arm, pulling it so hard against the tie. In any case, it felt like he could pull free now. He tried to get loose and cried out as he made the mistake of trying to use his broken appendage. He pulled the good one out, and the bad one swung to his chest to be cradled by the other one. He grunted in pain, having it lance up his arm like a swarm of bees. Tears were springing to his eyes, and he couldn’t help it when they leaked down his cheeks. His whole body ached from the fall for a minute as he stumbled out of the creeke.
Dean felt Sam’s elbow whack into his eye, and he tumbled back, clutching his face a little. In a manly fashion, he rocked lightly. “Motherfucker.” He cursed, glaring at Sam.
“Yeah, you’re looking a little rough around the edges. That’s actually part of the reason i came here, aside from hoping to make a new friend. Do you need any help taking care of some of that?” She gestured vaguely to his face. “Because some of those cuts look nasty.”
Of course, there was always the fact that there could have been something terrible about to happen to Castiel, and Dean wanted to get one last look at his plaything before it disappeared forever. But Castiel was just being dramatic, right?
Slipping out the door, he opened his banana and tried to swallow a chunk of it without tearing up. He failed, the banana tore its way down his bruised throat and he could barely stand to take another 2 bites before deciding that whatever he thought would happen if he went to school on an empty stomach, would be far less painful than this.
Once he cleared the door he walked until he came across his locker and slammed it open, steaming from the ears. Not literally, of course.
Trying to rub away a looming headache, Cas tried to ignore the loud vacuum sounds coming from downstairs and started looking around for his old laptop.
After he laid out the silverware, he brought the food from the kitchen to the table. Then he went to find his parents.
He was halfway through the third episode, silently willing himself to get up and go to the library. He had finished his tea long ago, and made himself two more mugs. This show was really living up to what he had heard about it. At first, he had thought it enormously cheesy and wasn’t sure he would survive the first episode. Plastic people? Really? But he had given the second episode a chance, and was slightly more impressed by it than the first one.
He walked into his house in a huff, still shivering after being hit by the warm air. He walked in and almost made it all the way upstairs before his mother stepped into the hallway. “Castiel.”
Suddenly it seemed rather unimportant that the cast was taken off before his father came home. It wasn’t like Castiel could defend himself any better without it than when it was on! And it wasn’t like he was going to hit his father, but it was generally nice to have two hands to block his angry fists and feet. But His father did not take punishments lightly, and it took more than a few blocked punches and kicks to save Castiel from his wrath.
Castiel shook his head with wide eyes and forced words out of his mouth. "No- no I wasn't happy I swear! I wasn't looking!"
Castiel’s hands started shaking. Alistair knew. There was no use denying it, really. He didn’t much sound like he was going to enlighten his friends, more like he was going to sit back and watch them tear Castiel apart. He had been sitting back and watching them tear him apart. He’d probably known forever, just not said anything. The bastard, Castiel thought viciously, though he didn’t know where the animosity came from. It wasn’t like he expected anything from anyone. Least of all Abernathy. How long had he known?
Castiel’s heart sped up to 1001 miles an hour, and he tried to break out of Dean’s hold by punching him in the side. “Stop-ah!” Dean grunted but still held his iron grip, and pushed Cas back against the wall. He barely got any warning before Dean’s fist rammed into his face again. He grunted as it his his nose and he felt blood drip out of it and into his open mouth.
He shoved more cold mac and cheese into his mouth, wishing he was eating anything else. Mac and cheese was cheap though, and their cupboards were full of it. Dean knew that he should be grateful they had food what with their poor state, but Sam was a growing boy and he needed some variety.
“Well, you better clean all that up. You made that mess, you can wipe it up.” She started walking away, and turned back. “While, you’re at it, do the dishes too.”
After being turned away from several churches, once because he looked too rough, once because there was no homeless shelter or anything like it, he was on his way up to a big catholic building with a red brick spire rising out the roof. A promising sign around the side talked about free soup on certain days, and he hoped someone in the building could find it in their hearts to lend him a first aid kit and a bathroom.
Castiel’s face heated up. There was a loud clatter as his mother dropped her fork, and she hurriedly whispered “Sorry.” under her breath, when his father turned menacingly to her. Castiel really shouldn’t have, but he spoke. “No.” And he immediately wished he hadn’t.
Dean watched Castiel skitter past him in the hallway. The person he was trying to intimidate with intense eye contact and threats of bodily disfigurement squirmed while he stared at the skinny shadow trying to escape the hall.
He was engrossed in it from the moment the theme song wheezed out, and he watched the TARDIS whorle through the time vortex on screen. He rubbed his eyes, thinking about what would happen if Winchester and the other knights found out he was watching such a “Nerdy” show. They could make him eat a calculator and he wouldn’t be able to fight back, he was that weak. His mood shifted lower as he realized exactly how much power they had over him.
He got into his room, and locked the door behind him. Then he started carefully rolling the sleeve up on his broken arm, wincing every time he touched his skin. When he got the cloth all the way to his elbow, he looked at the arm. It was swollen a little, and bruised a bit on the underside. It was also bent just a little off, so little that if you didn’t look closely you wouldn’t notice it. His stomach dropped at the sight, even though there was no blood. The thought of going to the emergency room or hospital was bad enough. He left the sleeve, and stared around his room, thinking about nothing in particular.
He texted Azazel goodbye and bounded downstairs, letting his spirits grow a little in the absence of his dad’s temper. He started making pasta for dinner, and Sam came in and told him about his day. “So anyways, after science Garth had to go to the principal ‘cuz he brought his hamster to school again, so me and Jess just ate lunch by ourselves.” He took a breath and Dean jumped in.
“So, mister ladies man, I haven’t heard a lot about a certain Jess lately!” Dean swiftly distracted Sam and as his floppy haired brother profusely denied all the rumours about his and Jess’s relationship, Dean covered his knuckles with a few band aids from the cupboard.
He woke the next morning grogily, feeling better than he had before but with an ominous feeling in his bones. It was Saturday, Sometime in June, and he was 98% sure he was supposed to have done something the night before and forgotten.
Finally, it stopped. Or rather, his father grew tired enough to let Castiel go. “Get out of my sight you little fucker.” He said lightheartedly. “You’ve plagued this house for too long. Get up no or I’ll rip your tits off.” He leaned closer. “You could stay, but I think I’m right in assuming the basement isn’t the most comfortable place to be.”
“Dean, just because I’m younger than you, and I haven’t smoked or kicked puppies yet doesn’t mean I’m stupid, or unable to see obvious things. I can’t believe you would just hurt and go after someone who’s done nothing to you! I mean, what did he do. Steal something from you in fifth grade? Or did he insult Alistair or Azazel?” Sam asked, eyes hard. “I want a reason Dean. That’s all.
Cas fell to the ground, and lifted a hand to his throbbing cheek, letting out a groan. Dean stood above him a second before grabbing Cas’s collar roughly with both hands and jerking him, up. The fabric dug into Cas’s throat and he choked as it cut into his esophagus like a noose. Dean rammed him against the wall, and his head hit the brick that felt like a sledgehammer. Stars burst in his eyes. His heart was beating fast, 1000 miles an hour and Dean grabbed his arm and looked at it maliciously. “So it’s finally off. Bet you’re glad about that huh?” Dean said. “I wonder, would you like another one? I could do that for you.” the grip on Castiel’s pale arm tightened and Dean raised it with two hands over his knee like he was about to snap it like a twig.
Castiel stood there for several moments before he moved. He put the mop aside and started wiping it off with a wet rag, picking up the larger mounds of spaghetti and dropping them into the trash can. He did it methodically, thinking about what had lead to this.
“Well you’re not! You’re not helping me, and you won’t if you tried, so please just leave me alone!” He raised his voice a little more, but couldn’t quite muster up the courage to yell at his mom.
Dean turned back to the pasta and stirred it. “Sure…” His muttered, stretching the word out into 5 syllables. Sam huffed indignantly.
As she clicked at a computer on the desk, the young woman asked, “So what were you laughing at Castiel for?” in a neutral voice.
He padded to the door and opened it almost soundlessly, the bottom of it brushing the floor lightly. He stepped out into the hall, not closing the door but turning off the light because he wasn’t sure if his mother was in bed or not, but if she walked by the door she wouldn’t look in unless the light was on. Then she would usually yell at him to go to bed, and not leave until he had turned out the lights and was under covers.
The person in question was a girl, one he had seen around school but never spoke to. She had brown hair and wore a lot of button down shirts with ties, and her name was Naomi. “Hi Castiel!” She said brightly.
He plotted along after her, in complete silence. He would look like a coward if he didn't help her, but he didn’t care about looking like a jerk. He didn’t answer when she asked him questions, preferring to make it a one sided conversation. She stopped asking him things after the third try, but didn’t seem sad about it.
When Cas finished sweeping, and brushed any leftover dirt that he couldn’t pick up under the couch, he went to the kitchen and grabbed a rag from under the sink. He got it wet and proceeded to wipe down the couch in front of the Tv, even though it was only dusty. When he was done wiping off the living room, he moved on to the dining room and wiped down the table and chairs. After that he swept the dining room, easier this time because it was smaller and they didn’t eat in there very much when their father wasn’t home.
“How can I be sure you’re not just going to drag me into a trap?” He asked lightly, putting down his pbj. She looked taken aback. If this was all acting, she was destined for hollywood.
Castiel puzzled over her words for a moment, before he walked to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. He realized in surprise that one of the larger cuts on his face was bleeding, steadily sending a little ribbon of blood across his cheek. Any farther and it would have been bleeding all over his house, and he would have had a tough time cleaning it up before his father came home. He sighed softly in relief at the close call, mopped up his face with a bit of toilet paper, then stuck a bandaid on the cut. He scrubbed at the letters on his arm, rubbing the ink off with soap before he would forget. Then he walked out of the bathroom, and grabbed a broom from the closet to start cleaning.
Jo let go of his collar but stood close to him, in a stance that told him she was ready to run after him if he tried to bolt. “Where is he?”
He felt that same rough hand that had previously been on his neck clamp down on his leg, and he kicked out wildly, hitting something that might have been Alistar’s head. The bully behind him grunted and pulled again, with both hands on Castiel’s leg, and he slid backward with a sickening scraping sound. His wet hair flopped in his head as he was pulled backwards, and his hands scrabbled on the ground like rats, making them raw and cracking a few of his fingernails. Alistar’s hands reached up suddenly to his knees. “C’mere you.” Huffed an amused voice behind him. “We’re not done that quickly. Dean and Az might not have enough stomach to teach you your lesson, but don’t think for one second I’ll just let you go like yesterday.” Castiel grunted as he struggled in vain to get away, heart thumping madly. “Oh, you thought you escaped all on your own?” Sneered Alistar. “No, you went because I let you. I say what goes around here.” He hauled Castiel to him with one big pull, and smacked him across the face. “And don’t you forget it.”
(Me from the future) Hi there! You're probably wondering why such a crappy starting chapter would be posted on Ao3. Well, I'm happy to tell you that this fanfic gains quality the farther you read. So please don't be discouraged by the first chapter! Read the next, and the next! You'll like it, I think. And that sounds a little self-centered and arrogant, but wouldn't you rather read a couple chapters of something you're unsure of, rather than miss out on a story you'll love?
He got up after a few minutes, and when he had straightened fully, assessed his injuries. It didn't look like anything was broken, but one of his ribs might be bruised. He had several cuts on his face, and bruises all along the rest of his body. It didn't look like anything would need immediate attention.
He had arrived to school the monday after he broke his arm, with the dick picks and false cheery encouragements scribbled off his cast. The knights of hell had noticed, and like on Friday, had cornered him and asked to sign his cast again. He had refused again, and they had hit him a couple times before taking his arm by force and signing it. He had gone home and scribbled them all out. By now, his cast was almost black. This happened every single day. Uriel, Alistar and Azazel had kept a cruel grin on their faces the entire time. The only one who seemed to not have enjoyed every minute of Cas grunting and cringing in pain was Winchester, whose own smile had faded once or twice, replaced with a faker look of forced enjoyment. Castiel didn’t even want to know why Winchester was suddenly not reveling in torment, but it was an interesting change. It wasn’t like he was going to walk up to Dean and ask to be friends or anything. Dean was one of the bastards who had tied him to that bridge and broke his arm. He wasn’t suicidal.
“Nothing's happening. Nothing I haven’t told you before. I just fell. That is the truth. Some assholes tied me up and I fell.” He clenched his jaw.
He helped his dad put away in silence, except for when his dad dropped a whole bag of vegetables and cursed. Dean jumped about a foot in the air, his nerves were so shot. His dad looked at him weirdly. He just shrugged.
As he stood, the uneasy calm he had been feeling in his forehead disappeared and returned with a wave of pain that slammed into his brain like a poisoned arrow. Castiel slapped a hand unhelpfully to his forehead to steady it and clenched his eyes shut, dizzy and nauseous from pain. If he had any luck, it wouldn’t turn into a migraine while he got dressed. Though he rarely had luck.
“It’s not my fault you’re a grouchy pants.” Jo responded with a bright smile. “I’m gonna sit here anyways.” She gave him a once over, eyes roving over everything she could see over the table.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Prince Dean. I guess I’ll just come back at time that’s more convenient for you then!” Sam said, his voice dripping with sarcasm that practically made Dean wince. “After all, the world revolves around you, right? You can do whatever you want!”
When he got home, there was someone else in the house. He closed the door, and then paused for a moment of alarm as he heard the vacuum going. That simple sound set off alarm bells in his head, because his mother never used the vacuum. He kept his backpack on, and padded to the living room, trying to keep quiet even though there wasn’t a very high chance it was a robber in their living room. What kind of criminal vacuumed the floors after he was done?
He stood up only after their voices started fading, and just in time because lunch was over. The bell rang loudly, and students started slowly trickling from the cafeteria.
His throat felt raw and closed up, he could tell talking was going to be a bitch. His head was headache free, for now. The rest of his body hurt, but it was a dull hurt in the background. When he swallowed it was like his throat was puffy and full of sawdust on the inside, he could barely work up enough spit to make it easier.
“Oh he’s gonna be out by Monday Sam, that’s for damn sure.” Dean cut him off. “And if he’s not good enough, I’m pretty sure his dad would take him, I mean he’s so pitiful who could say no to that?” Dean answered snappily, talking fast.
Shaking off memories, Castiel started paying attention to where his experienced feet were leading him. Somewhere near downtown, he was walking past neighborhoods and dead end house-lined streets, some full of lace curtains and flower pots, some full of kid’s bikes and sidewalk drawings drying in the lukewarm spring sun. He remembered when he was younger, and his mother had friends, and while their mothers talked he and another rich child would swap stories and fantasies while tracing scribbles on the pavement. So long ago was this, he could barely picture it. It must've been nice. It was before the drink got his mother, before his father used the basement as often as his fist.
Tomorrow was tuesday, and he was getting his cast off at 12:30. He couldn’t wait, excitement made shivers go down his spine. He was skipping school tomorrow to go to the doctor’s though he wasn’t sure it was called skipping if you had permission. He was grateful that he didn’t have to suffer through another day bearing the handicap. The hunk of plaster on his arm was horrible now, covered in sharpies that threw their fumes into his face and obscene comments and pictures. Getting it off him would be getting weight off his back, he would stop having to hide his arm every day after school. The thought of it made him smile, even as he read line after line of letters in his book.
“Alright, alright, just askin’” Azazel said defensively, throwing his hands up in a gesture of peace. Dean scowled.
He watched disinterestedly as an attractive lady talked about a donut factory in New York City getting robbed. It was amazingly boring, but in case anything big had happened, he watched it anyways.
With that, the bucket of popcorn was tucked into the crook of his arm and the next movie was started. The beginning of this movie flew by in a similar manner, before Castiel fell asleep in the middle of a scene with a ridiculous blonde wizard and little blue pixies.
He searched the cafeteria with lazy eyes, half listening to the conversation Azazel and a boy named Raphael were having about the rights Raphael’s sandwich packed for him for lunch. Azazel seemed to have quite the appetite today, and was forcing anyone not a senior to give him their lunch. With exception of Dean and Alistair, of course. And Castiel didn’t seem to be here today, which struck a little match of worry in Dean’s stomach that he quickly doused. Probably going off on some trip to an exotic island or something.Castiel had missed days before, stretching into long periods of time. He came back quieter than he had been before, like he knew that he was going to be punished extra for the loss of time. Dean didn't know how he knew, and he wanted to forget it, just like he wanted to forget how he noticed that Castiel always looked paler and thinner after days off from school. But he also never got in trouble for skipping so many days, which set Dean’s brain on fire. He would get in major shit if he missed even two days to take care of Sam when he was sick, or deal with his father.
“Oh, we’ll let you go. Gotta get to class ourselves but first-” He pulled a marker out of his backpack next to his legs, “Can we sign your cast?” He sounded so innocent, Dean applauded his acting.
Dean woke to the beeping of his alarm clock, loud and irritating. He mustered up the will to move, and turned it off. Then he dragged himself out of bed, barely opening his eyes as he moved to the bathroom across the hall.
But he didn’t breathe. He didn’t let go that easily. Alistar was still holding him under when he started to lose consciousness.
Like a warrior, Sam didn’t say a word about it on the entire ten minute car ride to the school. Dean had to admit to himself he was a little impressed.
“I’m going to come back tomorrow. And the next day after that, and the next. And if you move to the cafeteria I’m going to go bug you there too. Don’t ask me why, I’m not sure myself! But you better just get it over with and let me sit with you, because I’m not going away anytime soon.”
He and Azaze; walked partway up the stairs, as Alistar hid behind a wall and waited for the black head of hair to come into sight. They knew he didn’t have an alternate way to get to his last class, he would have taken it by now. So they waited.
He picked up his pillows on his bed, checked his closet twice and looked through his shelf once before he finally found the ancient machine. He blew the dust of the front of it, like an archeologist in an Indiana Jones movie blowing the dust off some ancient artifact.
The others in the group laughed and agreed with Dean, Uriel looking nervously at the clock while they did. It was getting dangerously close to the end of lunch. Then the hallway would be swarmed with students, and Teachers returning from lunch breaks and bathroom trips.
Sam opened up the screen, looking ready to kill Dean. Then, his eyes traveled down, and widened to the size of baseballs. Without a word, he opened the door wider and Dean staggered in, being careful so that he didn’t give Castiel brain damage by whacking his head on the wooden rail of their door.
The world was still swaying, Castiel was trying to wrap his mind around what his father was saying. But it didn't seem possible- how could it be? And his father was so emotionless about it, Castiel was almost shocked. But then again, when had his father showed any emotion other than hatred and indifference to his mother, since their wedding? This didn’t seem like the kind of joke that would be funny to Zacheria, so it must be true. His stomach roiled, but he didn’t know which emotion was plaguing it. If his mother had really died...well, there wasn’t exactly anything keeping his father from throwing him out, except for maybe the media getting wind of it, or teachers noticing his absence in school. But after so long without much outside interference, Castiel doubted anyone would notice if he never came back to the house or school. His father had friends in high places, and while they didn’t necessarily know much about Castiel’s home life, his father payed them well when it came to keeping noses out of his business. So, now it seemed like his mother had been the only thing stopping him from being cast out a long time ago.
He glanced at her door down the hall, and was relieved to see it closed. She was sleeping then, which meant she wouldn’t come home in the middle of the afternoon with a wicked hangover and a thunderstorm of a bad mood. He crept down the stairs, which thankfully were fairly new and didn’t creak.
He could feel her trying to pierce him with a glare as they sped down the hallways, the waves of people partying like the red sea before Dean. “Well, I’m sure he’s just enjoying a nice day at home with the family.” He lied, and Jo could tell. “It’s not my business, it’s not your business, and this conversation is pointless.”
He passed the pictures on the green walls, some of his whole family, a few of his father as a young man, and almost none of himself. It was almost like his family was trying to make him disappear. There were barely any pictures of him anywhere, online, in baby books (which he didn’t have), on the walls. Just the yearbook, where he won the title “Most Likely to succeed” one year.
His father laughed softly, bald head shining in the moonlight from the window. The sound made Castiel twitch a little. His whole body flinched when his father sighed and unhooked himself from the doorjamb. As Castiel watched him approach, he cursed himself fluently in his head for going downstairs, how stupid was he? After years of living in the same house as Zacharia, why hadn’t he learned the fucking rules? Was he really that brain dead, that he would sneak out of his room at night for a fucking roll of duct tape, what the hell?
The blue eyed boy made it to his feet, staggering away from Dean and the pool. The Knights watched in apparent amusement as Castiel struggled to catch his breath. His ribs were still groaning under his skin, irritated and angry at him. ‘“You’re not getting out of this one, you can’t pull another stunt like the one you did yesterday.” Dean said conversationally. “Which, by the way, was quite stupid of you.”
“Well I wasn’t going to be out all day. I thought you were top of your grade. Gotta run out of your father’s money sometime.” She hissed.
Jo looked apprehensive, but nodded. “Okay.” They reached the doors and Castiel started walking out, to the sidewalk that led to his house. “Cas!” She called, and he turned. “Just...take care of yourself, okay?”
The steam wafted onto Castiel’s back, he was sitting on the floor of the shower because his legs suddenly felt too weak to hold him up. The slightly slimy feel of the floor was not an altogether foreign feeling, as he had done this many times before. The mornings after a hard beating were always the worst, he knew that from experience. He shampooed his hair on the floor slowly, until his arms ached from holding them up and he had to rinse it out. He lingered for a while, just letting himself rest in the cocoon of warmth. Then he realized how much time he had been wasting and hurried along so he wouldn’t be late for school.
He could feel the blows starting to addle his brain, and he sluggishly put his hands in front of his father’s fist, so that instead of the knuckles landing directly on his face he got slapped with the back of his own hand. His father slapped his hand away roughly, and in punishment for that simple act of defence he grabbed Castiel by the hair again and steered him into one of the cabinets hard enough to make Castiel think he had passed out.
When they pulled up to the hospital, Castiel waited an uncertain amount of time for his mother to start getting out of the car. She sat there staring out of the window for what seemed like ages, before she finally unbuckled her seatbelt and slung her legs out of her door. They walked inside and checked in at the desk, and Castiel could feel a nervous excitement brewing in his chest. He couldn’t wait to get the damn cast off.
He crept to his mother’s room and stood outside the door, listening for any signs of life. When he was certain she was either sleeping, out of the house, or dead, he opened the door. There was no one there. He sighed in relief.
“I can’t drive.” Novak whispered (His voice was very very quiet. Dean was annoyed by it.) “I don’t know if they would take me. I need their number.”
“Okay…” Sam said, turning to the shelf of VHS near the TV, “I’m gonna take that as a yes. Anything you wanna watch? The Godfather? Animaniacs? Loony Toons? Scooby Doo Legend of the Vampire? Hunger Games One? It’s the only one we have.”
Not really knowing how to answer that, Castiel stood in the doorway and nodded a bit awkwardly, looking more at his father’s forehead then his eyes. His father didn’t comment on the prominent bruises littering his son’s face.
“What?” Dean asked, already with the ‘don’t-talk-to-me-or-I’ll-hurt-you’ voice out, locked and loaded.
He got the TV to netflix and found the show in question, gazing skeptically at the summary. He started the first episode.
He punched the buttons on a ‘Rocky’ themed pinball machine, listening to the pings the little ball made inside as it bounced against all the points hot-spots. Since he went here often, he had grown to be quite good at pinball. He was top of the the leaderboard on some of the machines, and a close second on all of the rest.
Tonight had been a good night. His dad was sober, in a good mood and doing it work, it sounded like. The night had gone by without much incident, and he didn’t know that Dean was tormenting the Novak kid.
Dean had pounded down a path that he knew would lead to his angel. The demon on the phone hadn’t given him coordinates per say, but he had dropped a few hints. His boots suddenly stopped sprinting across gravel and started tearing up mushy moss and grass. He looked up at the summer cabin he had visited as a teenager, the place of many secret loves and hook ups. It served a different purpose now. The glass windows were all smashed, with plywood behind them, and there was barbed wire lining the roof. It looked sad and eerie, like a house from a horror flick. His heart had plummeted when he thought of what could have gone on inside that house, how long Castiel could have been trapped with the sick bastards.
He doubted they would in such a public place, but Castiel had learned not to expect anything but the top treatment from the knights of hell.
“Well, so much for beauty sleep.” He said with a smirk, accenting his last syllable with a light slap to Castiel’s cheek. The latter just closed his eyes and let his father do whatever he wanted. He felt like someone had bolted him to the floor. He doubted he would be able to make it upstairs.
He marched through the library. His hands shook hard as he clutched his backpack. Jo called after him, and suddenly she darted in front of him, blocking him momentarily.
Winchester just looked at him. Uneasy, Castiel slowly stepped back like he would with an unfriendly dog. Winchester just stared at him for a moment longer, before the took a breath in as if he were about to say something, but he seemed to change his mind. Castiel waited just a second longer before he began walking away quickly, weirded out and confused. Winchester didn’t shout anything after him, and Castiel just kept walking down the sidewalk until the school was out of sight.
Unlocking the car, Castiel hefted open the truck, and began unloading some of the suitcases in it. There were 3 of them, big heavy-duty things that Castiel had a terribly hard time getting out of the trunk. With the cloth of the handles chafing his hands, he could only drag/carry one to the house at a time, otherwise he was fairly sure he would collapse before he got to the stairs. It was funny how pain could sap your energy so fast.
Dean stared at him with his amused green eyes, smiling a little and panting from the run. Castiel felt the ache in his body and fought for breath because Dean was practically sitting on his chest.
“Yeah, real whippersnapper. I have no idea how you come up with those retorts!” Alistair sneered. “You know, I was really looking forward to our appointment yesterday, I think you should’ve at least called to cancel.” Alistair looked hungry, like a mad dog. He always was a creepy kid, in Castiel’s eyes. “I guess we’ll just have to have a makeup session.”
All of this took about a minute, and the voices still were getting louder. The people walking must be really slow, or really loud. Castiel cleared the stairs and tiptoed to the front door, unlocking the deadbolt and tugging it open with his cast braced against the jam to lean on. The voices leaked inside the house, laughs and shouts and teasingly fearful shrieks from the one woman. Castiel poked his head out, listening and straining his eyes to adjust in the dark. He caught view of a figure walking backwards in the night, and shrank back into the house a little so they wouldn’t see his head. Other silhouette materialized into people, with glass bottles that gleamed in the porch lights of the houses opposite him. He watched as Azazel, Alistar, a girl named Meg, a boy named Dick and Dean Winchester pranced along, and he watched as Winchester took a long drink from a bottle of beer he wasn’t legally allowed to  have in his hand. Azazel had meg tucked under his arm, and as he watched he leaned down and said something into her ear, which made her let out a peal of laughter and hit him in the arm. Castiel watched them from the shadows, not visible because their porch light wasn’t on and his porch was thrown in shadow from trees on either side of the house. He stared in silence until he heard someone shout “Hey, isn’t that Richkid Novak’s house?”
