Howard’s greatest creation was Captain America.
Tony narrowed his eyes at her and scoffed, sitting back in his chair. “That’s why you wanted to meet up? To give me a performance review?”
liked him. Honestly, the reality of the situation wasn’t too far off from that analogy.
Once his digits were properly coated, Steve trailed his fingers down his body, leaving a glistening wet trail of slick in their wake. He shifted his hips to get a better angle, lifting his legs up slightly and pressing his feet up against the bench in front of him for some leverage. Steve traced a line down his lower abdomen, fingertips grazing over his tight sac.
“You’re late.” The genius said, hands in his pocket with a grin on his face. Normally he was the tardy one, but he always showed up on time to meet with Steve. “You know my time is worth a lot of money. You just blew like, three thousand bucks, Cap.”
As they made their way back towards the tower, Tony was thinking that he’d actually had a really good time hanging out with Steve, and wanted to find some way to thank him for the fortuitous afternoon.
Muttering something, Tony pulled his car keys from his pockets and handed them to Steve, using the car to steady himself as he shuffled towards the other side.
The man’s sexual etiquette wasn’t helping.
“Okay, so maybe I’m a teensy bit interested. The guy’s a walking wet dream, so what?”
Steve acted on impulse, pressing his fingers against the com as he sprung into action, dashing down the street, hopping over debris and toppled cars.
“That’s good Steve.” The brunet encourages him. Steve’s never been the type of guy that needed validation, but the praise left his skin prickling in the best of ways.
Almost an hour he'd been going at this, slowly working himself up and making a spectacle of it while keeping an eye on the live chat that was up in the corner of his monitor. He wasn’t a popular streamer, he had less than a hundred followers and even fewer subscribers, but occasionally people would tune in to watch his shows, throwing him a couple bucks if he managed to please them.
He needed to talk to Tony.
Steve gave a bashful smile. “I’ve been watching those cooking shows on the television.” He admitted with what almost looked like the hint of a blush tinting his cheeks. “Back in my day we just boiled things, so food wasn’t that great.” He said, shrugging his shoulders.
“Steve, I’m sorry. I should have warned you first.” Tony let out, his voice almost soothing.
“Okay, yeah.” He gave in, sliding his hands up Steve’s arms.
This man's dick was by far the largest appendage he'd ever seen attached to a human body. It had to be roughly 10 inches long if not more, and girthy enough that his jaw ached from the stretch. Steve took it like a champ, working his throat muscles around the shaft, earning feral grunts of pleasure out of the bulky blond.
“I can’t believe that’s a work uniform.” He muttered under his breath, taking a sip of the coffee. This place was strange, but at least the coffee was strong.
He pockets the cheque, giving Tony one last look before he leaves the office.
The soldier caught a glimpse of the dazzling horizon where the sun was setting, the sky a mess of warm pinks and bright oranges. He sure wished he had his paints on him right now.
Tony blinked, completely caught off guard by the question.
Tony looked down at it, confused, then back at Hala. “What am I supposed to do with this?”
Okay, so maybe moving was not completely effortless, and the contraption wasn’t exactly inconspicuous with its titanium alloy and stainless steel rings and bars, but it was his first prototype and it definitely beat having to walk around with big, wooden crutches under his arms, or have someone carry him everywhere. The splint was definitely enough for Dr. Cho, who actually seemed mildly impressed by his invention.
Some days were good, and some days were… not so good.
“Tony, that is not the plan. Do not engage. Do you copy? I said do not engage! Stark? Damn it!” He shouted, finger pressing into his com on the side of his helmet, but Tony wasn’t responding.
“We don’t, but you weren’t answering your phone so I thought I’d drop by.” Stane said objectively. “I would have booked a time, but I couldn’t seem to get through to you.”
Now Tony wasn’t normally one to want to slow down, in his playboy days he’d pounce on someone before he even bothered to ask their name, but Steve wasn’t just another meaningless fling.
“I don’t know if you noticed, but I don’t care.”
A long pause.
There are a million ways that this job could ruin him, but Steve’s always been a hard nut to crack.
Tony looked at the hole that the Hulk had punched through the wall and cursed under his breath. It was suicide, but honestly so was staying on a collapsing air vessel with an angry Hulk, so it’s not like there was a sane alternative.
Tony thought about it for a moment.
Hala narrowed her ruthless, violet eyes at him. “I’ve disabled every last ounce of your inferior technology, Stark. Your suit won’t be coming to rescue you now. You are at my mercy, so I advise that you cooperate.”
She handed him the clipboard before ushering him inside. “You can leave that on the boss’ desk. Good luck, and pleasure meeting you Steve.”
“Get out of my office.” Tony growled, completely done with this conversation.
Steve felt the slightest swell in his chest, honored that Peggy would name her only son after him. It was a bit odd to be someone’s namesake, but it felt nice none the less. “And your husband?” He asked cautiously.
If Tony didn’t know any better he could have sworn that Steve was just waiting for him to make a move. And who knows, maybe he was. Tony was never known for being too shy to cease the moment, but this was
There was a beat of silence between them, which Tony broke by pointing his chin towards the rundown brownstone and asked with mild disgust “This your place?”
Natasha and Clint were still out salvaging heaps of twisted metal and busted circuit boards, making sure that every last piece of possible catalytic robotics was safely delivered to the Damage Control Storage facility, because the last thing they needed was for some pedestrian to get their hands on this sort of destructive technology.
As expected, the very first link was to a porn site.
Obviously Stane didn’t appreciate the company’s drastic image change. He’d been trying to convince Tony to sign over the company for years now, but Tony wasn’t budging. Producing porn was a far more honourable career path than making weapons that killed innocent people.
Not to mention that the half dozen film crew workers spectating every second of him getting rammed by a horny robot also wasn’t helping light his mood. Steve had never been shy about his body, especially not after he'd hit his second puberty, but this was next level.
As half time rolled around and the players were taking advantage of the intermission to rehydrate, the cameras were focusing on different parts of the stadium, flashing different sections across the Jumbo-Tron.
Tony’s scanners zoomed in on the piece of tech, readying his automated targeting system as he started to charge the Unibeam. “You wanna see who has the better tech? Take this!” He said, focusing the suit’s power into one concentrated repulsor beam.
“God, just fuck me already. I'm good, I can take it.” He groans, working his hips down against Tony's fingers impatiently.
He does falter on his pants though, very aware of Mr. Stark taking him apart with his eyes. The man looks impressed at least, he thinks, catching the way that the businessman’s eyes drift over his pecs and down his solid abs.
Steve bristles at the insult and frowns, pulling his hand back. He hates bullies, and this indignant asshole was definitely giving off the ‘preys on the vulnerable’ kind of vibe.
Could anyone blame him? The man was a freaking Adonis. Erskine wasn’t kidding when he had labeled the super soldier as ‘the peak of human perfection'. Not only that, but looks and impeccable physique (and unwavering stubbornness) aside, Steve was an absolute sweetheart. There was no way anyone who spent more than five minutes with the guy could resist that slice of apple pie. Besides, even if he had a sense of self-restraint in the first place – which everyone knew he didn’t, Tony Stark was a sucker for a hot blond with a big rack, and boy, did Steve Roger’s have a nice pair of bulging pectorals.
Tony never thought he’d be so happy to be in the same room as Bruce's less friendly alter ego without the Iron Man armor, but he was more than grateful for it right now.
Steve cursed, shield held up to block his face as more rubble was thrown towards him, exploding into tiny fragments of dust as it collided with the vibranium.
Tony stared at Bruce, mouth agape. “Rude.” He called out, but the other scientist just gave him a pointed look and a little wave.
Tony huffs, smiling over the rim of his paper cup. “Still, seems like an awful long way to go to blow a guy. I’m thinking maybe I should sweeten the deal, don’t you think? You know, considering you’re already here and all.”
Bruce’s eyes darted up over his book on advanced quantum physics, looking at his fellow team members. He’d stayed behind on this mission because, quoting Director Fury, one rampaging green rage monster was more than enough to deal with.
“What do you want me to do to myself?” He purrs in a voice that doesn’t sound like his own.
“But you have to have done
Well, for the most part he was just acting as a human satellite for the Bruce to bounce his thoughts off of, while occasionally imputing his own little bits and pieces.
Steve had never ridden in, or even seen such an extravagant car in his life. The seats were firm, dark black leather, shiny and smooth and looking brand new. The interior even smelled new.
Tony had invested more emotion into that one kiss than he had in some entire relationships, but if it had just been a red-blooded impulse he wasn’t going to get his hopes up. Tony was a business man after all, he knew better than to put all his coins in one basket. He also had his fair share of heartbreak, and he wasn’t so sure he could handle getting rejected by Captain America.
Tony won the fight with the doorknob after a brief struggle and they fell into the room. Tony nearly tripped over his pants, but he managed to get them down to his ankles, stepping out of them and dragging Steve with him.
Sam snorted. “Yeah, he’s definitely got the whole Herculean thing going for him, but huge muscles and a big dick doesn’t do it for everyone. Some people like a bit more substance and you –” He pointed at Steve, wagging his index finger up and down. “You have substance.”
“I told you before, it’s not a date.” Steve insisted, rising from his seat.
Sam looked up at him over his own latte, eyebrows raised curiously.
There was the briefest flash of narrowed suspicion from the Kree empress, butt she obviously didn’t consider him a threat without the Iron Man suit so the questioning glance quickly melted into a bored expression.
Steve crane his neck up at the voice, spotting Tony standing across the room dressed semi-casual with a suit jacket thrown over a graphic tee and some jeans. Steve had thought the man looked good in a suit, but something about the more laid-back style made him look even more attractive.
Steve let the warning sink in, not really expecting the words of wisdom. He pursed his lips together, acknowledging Tony’s concerns.
“Yeah, coming.” Or rather not coming, he cursed under his breath, tossing his bedsheets aside in an attempt to locate his pant. “Just uh….give me a second.” He hollered, finally finding the old, worn denim and shoved his legs into them, doing up the zipper but leaving the button open in his haste. He hurried to the door and opened it, seeing his messy haired roommate leaning against the door frame, holding up a mangled can of ravioli in his hand.
Steve forced out a breath through his nose, lips quirking into a tiny smile because obviously Tony wasn’t aware that his stubbornness was on par with his own.
Steve turned his head at sound of an elevator door dinging, watching as a tall, strawberry blond woman stepped out in clicking heels and a business dress. She approached him with a big smile, clutching a clipboard to her chest.
“My da – Howard, he idolized you. Reminded me every day that I would never be half the man that
Steve paused for a second before nodding his head.
Taken aback, Steve sputtered for a moment before regaining his composure. “No, no I’m not. I’m Steve, I’m here for uh…the position?” He said, struggling to find the right way to put it.
Bucky scoffs, stretching out to put his feet on the coffee table. “First of all, out of all, you know I would totally be Guy Fiery.” He starts, fork pointed at Steve before digging in and taking an enormous bite of the mystery mush. “’Sides’, figure if you're bringing home the dough I might as well play housewife.”
Seeing his friends’ disgusted faces as they tried to wipe away the stinking sludge made him especially glad not to have participated in this particular fight.
Steve just rolled his shoulders and scraped around the sides of the bowl. “It’s easier. I mean, flower, cocoa power, sugar -- it’s all the same stuff right?”
Steve shook his head. “No, Tony, it's not fine. I need to do something to --"
Steve’s a modest guy, but even he's aware of how he looks.
Steve stood outside on the busy streets of New York, looking up at the looming building with the words ‘Stark Studios’ etched in large, silver letters on the exterior.
cooked?” He asks, mildly terrified as he eyes the dish. “Please tell me you didn't set the kitchen on fire.”
Steve glanced back to see Tony rounding the corner and marching towards them with Pepper tagging behind at a distance.
Kree empire, that’s a new one. So there's more than one alien race bent on world domination.
“Agh! Fucking
that question.” He shot back, making no effort whatsoever to keep his own voice down. Bucky’s eyes quickly shifted from fiery anger to concern. ”Really Steve? Porn?”
. Are you a virgin or what?” He continued belligerently, and if Steve currently didn’t have a ball gag in his mouth he would have probably told him off.
“Well, what about you then?”
Banner was just as much the mad scientist that he was, albeit a bit less destructive. You know, when he wasn’t turning into an enormous green rage monster.
“You will not stand in my way.” She hisses,  launching herself at Steve with a battle cry, slicing at him with the spear.
“Hey, do you remember who gave us this?” Steve cut in, holding the stuffed bear up.
“Probably.” Tony muttered, not looking up from the delicate circuitry that he was fiddling with, soldering a couple wires together. “But that doesn’t mean that I’m going to.”
“I’m good, no complaints. But please, call me Steve.”
The sudden blaring sound of the Avenger’s Tower alarm had the team gearing up and rushing into the hangar, ready to go face the day’s newest threat to the human population.
“Not entirely, but I do find it weird that you guys are so chummy now.” She pointed out, poking at her zucchini noodles. “Before you wouldn’t shut up about what a pompous asshole he was.”
“Just thinking about you.”
Natasha walked over to him, crossing her arms over her chest and leaned into the battered punching bag, reaching one arm out to touch Steve’s shoulder.
He set the box upright and started putting things back inside, struggling to make everything fit neatly a second time. Peter was helping him for all of 30 seconds before getting distracted. Again.
He was about to respond with a ‘fuck yes I would' when all mayhem broke loose around them.
Steve smirks. “I know.”
, the wholesome hero from the 1940s and his childhood crush. This wasn’t just some frisky news reporter or hot scientist, and with his recent track record Tony wasn’t ashamed to admit to himself (but only to himself) that he was too scared to ruin a good thing. Where they stood right now was good, he could be happy just having Steve as a friend.
Disregarding the risk of infecting his laptop with any number of malware and viruses, Steve clicked on the hyperlink, immediately affronted with a page full of thumbnails that had all sorts of images of salacious visuals in an attempt to get people to click on the videos. Like every porn site, a pop up window assaulted his screen in a matter of seconds, showing a video of a gorgeous redhead dressed (or not so dressed) in a scanty leather getup, her perky breasts hanging out of an intricate chest strap as she dragged her tongue seductively along the length of a leather crop with a caption that read ‘Sexy Russian Women'.
While Tony was off getting the chaos back in order Steve had put his clothes back on and settled down in one of the lounge areas to wait for him. He wasn't alone though, Sam had walked by and offered to keep him company while he waited.  Steve wasn't sure if he'd overheard the commotion or if Tony had sent someone to keep an eye on him, but he was glad to have someone to sit with after everything that went down.
The brunet sighed, turning back to face Steve.
She purred, the slightest hint of a Russian accent wrapping around her words like silk.
The screen suddenly stopped to show two men in the crowd. They seemed to notice that they were on the big flashy screen they laughed, and one of them leaned over to pull the other into a kiss and he could hear the crowd cheer and wold whistle.
“Yeah, okay.”
He was going to miss the tower, sure, there were so many precious memories associated with the place – getting with Tony, marrying him, having Peter, but Steve was excited to move on and really get this whole family living situation going.
“Still haven’t learned not to sneak up on people?” He shot back through heavy pants, reaching for his towel and water bottle and took a hefty swig.
That orgasm was
Steve’s breath caught in his throat at the touch, sending a ripple of lust down Tony’s spine all the way to his groin. The redhead wrapped her delicate fingers around his member, teasing at first, but then her strokes became harder and faster. Tiny sounds of pleasure flitted out of Steve, lips formed into a loose ‘O’ shape as Natasha worked him to a shivering mess. Tony was getting off on the noises, his own hand moving in time with the one on screen. Steve was getting more and more vocal with his pleasure until he reached his peak, letting out a choked below and folding in on himself as much as the binds allowed him too.
Stamina wasn’t a problem, Steve wanted to say, but he decided against it.
“This is some grade A Hooch, Cap. Learned how to make it when they sent me to prison for assaulting an officer back in college.”
“Steve, look out!”
“Tony, you’ve been down here for three days straight. Don’t you think it’s about time you take a break?” He echoed Jarvis’ concerns, arms crossed over his chest. God, he felt like he was getting told off by mum and dad.
The heat in the room is steadily rising, and Steve wants nothing more then to rip the clothes from Tony’s body but he refrains because he’s pretty sure the man’s tie costs more than his entire month’s rent, but apparently Tony isn’t as concerned for his clothes. He claws at Steve’s dress shirt, nearly ripping off the buttons in his haste to get his hands on Steve’s muscular physique.
“Yeah yeah, you have an army, we have a hulk. Honestly, I’ve been in this position before and you really wouldn’t like what happened to the other guy.”
The brunet just smiled at him and motioned for him to follow down the hall. “I’ve got a surprise for you.”
“I’m not going to answer that.” Tony responded with pursed lips before adding “But the Stark name does have a certain standard to uphold. The viewers want sexy torture, not
“Are you serious?” He asked, a little awestruck.
I wasn't going to end it here initially but the chapter was already long and would have gone on for quite a bit longer so I figured it was a good place to cut. Also I just wanted to get a chapter out since it's been a few months... Thanks to everyone who left comments and Kudos, it really helps make me want to write more so if you're exited for the next part please keep giving this fic some love!
He was just crawling out of the empty iron shell, scrabbling on his hands and knees across the shatters asphalt when the distant sound of a roaring engine tore him from his thoughts. He watched it pull into his peripheral and immediately recognized the familiar spangle-y design.
“Right away sir.”
Tony quirked an eyebrow at her, then shifted his gaze towards Steve who just shrugged. “I make breakfast for the whole team, it’s nothing special.” He quickly dismissed, turning the oven off.
Steve hated the smug grin on the man’s face. If this wasn’t a scene he would have clocked the bastard by now.
For once he wasn’t dressed like an outdated grandpa in khakis and a drab pastel shirt, which Tony appreciated because there was no way that he would be seen in public with anyone who dressed like they were still in the 1940s.
Steve was about to click out of the website and forget anyof this happened when his eyes caught some flashy text in the bottom corner of the screen.
Bruce sighed as he lifted the lid of the containment unit, picking up a molten, flesh coloured substance in his baby blue, latex gloved hands.  The doctor let out a long sigh, shaking his head as it seeped between his fingers in long, stringy tendons resembling slime.
Tony gave him a questioning look. “You’re being serious.”
Steve pressed his bare shoulders back against the wall, hissing at the cold jab of tiles on his overheated skin.
“I’m fine. Nobody’s hurt, I promise. Can you just do this for me?”
“Because you didn’t back off. Now get off my property before I press charges.” Tony threatened, unwavering.
“Don’t worry, it’s not about your performance. I doubt anyone would complain about that.” She smirked, and this time Steve could feel the blush spreading over his cheeks. “He just needs to have a word with you once you’ve cleaned up.”
It wasn’t unusual for the rest of the team not to see him around for days, even weeks at a time. Everyone close to him knew that he had a tendency to be act like mad scientist.
And people called him a show off.
Steve grit his teeth as the sting of thick leather smacked across his ass, over and over again. He could feel the welts spreading over his pale skin, lighting it up a bright, angry red.
“Better go run off to Directory Fury before you get a time out, soldier.” He sneered before turning around and stomped his way back to his quarters, heels clicking loudly against the polished concrete.
“Do you miss her?”
That, and if he was being honest, part of him didn’t want to go their separate ways just yet.
Just as Bruce was making a move to grab his own coat, the automatic doors whooshed open and Steve walked in wearing a light blue checkered shirt and beige slacks. Tony gave him a look over and frowned.
“Actually, I live just a couple streets down if you want to have some drinks with Me?”
They shared a laugh, and Steve let the silence hang in the air for a moment before speaking up. “So, are you good?”
Off to one side theirs a massive wall covered in various sex supplies -- about 8 feet long, floor to ceiling, with selections ranging from the biggest dildos Steve has ever seen to some crazy looking whips and bindings.
Steve glanced down, a flash of something resembling sadness and deep thought crossing his face. “I’d never really had the chance to think about it, but I think I loved her so I guess it must have crossed my mind.”
And there it was.
“Tell me more. What are you doing right now?”
He breaks the kiss, leaning back on his elbows and cranes his neck back to let out a throaty moan.
Steve ripped off another long strip of duct tape, pressing it over the seam where the two flaps of cardboard met and sealed them together. He put two more strips of tape at each end of the box to secure its contents before neatly stacking it onto the pile next to him.
“I went down to pay my half of the rent this morning. You know what Phil told me?” He spoke up.
The other man stared at him for a few more seconds while Steve tried to kick start his brain again. Mr. Stark jolted, seeming to snap out whatever trance he was in. “Not bad blondie.” He admitted, leaning over to snatch a few tissues from the dispenser and handed them over to him, which Steve gratefully took and wiped the mess off his stomach.
“Um, no, I think you covered all of it.” He laughed, and the nervous tension must be radiating off of him because Pepper gave him a reassuring look.
“So Captain America, eh? Never would have seen that coming in a million years.” Pepper muttered, tilting her head slightly to the side, ruby red lips quirking upwards. “What was it that you called him again? Something about being an overly glorified show horse with a stick up his ass?”
Sorry for the delay! My life's been pretty hectic lately so it's been hard to try to find the time to right. Originally I was going to make the chapter longer, but I decided this was probably a good spot to post it because the rating is going to change for the next chapter and I understand that not everyone is into the M or E rated fics so you have been warned! Also we're almost at the end of the fic, so hurray! Just one or two more chapters left. I think this will be the first ever time I've actually finished a work that wasn't a one-shot so any comments and feedback would be greatly appreciated! <3
“Oh, for fuck sakes…” Tony hisses, twisting his body around to grab at his phone. Steve rolls off him, biting back his disappointment as Tony angrily jabs at the answer call icon.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Now come on. I’m sure Director Fury is itching to tear into us for all the damage we caused.” Steve said, lifting his bike off the ground and swung one leg over, revving the engine a couple times to warm it up. “Are you coming?”
“Let’s gossip like two frat boys on spring break.” He said, and the look Steve gave him a look that showed that the blond still wasn’t catching on. Tony rolled his eyes. “Discuss conquests? Swap stories about our greatest sexual exploits? Come on, I thought you were in the army. This is how two fellas bond, isn’t it?”
“So you’re a model now?” Bucky said, letting that sink in for a moment with a bob of his head before going back to lounging on the sofa. “Guess that’s not too surprising. Always knew that pretty face of yours would make us some money some day.” He teased.
Steve shrugged his shoulders. “Well, yeah. I thought it might be a good way to get to know one another. Maybe put a stop to our endless bickering.”
Well this was the place.
The liberal billionaire rolled his shoulders. “Well, yeah. I mean, we’re not in the 1940s anymore. You don’t go to jail for being gay. I mean, there are still some people who think it’s an ungodly sin, but for the most part people just go on with their own business.” He said, furrowing his brows at the other. “Don’t tell me they didn’t brief you on this when you came out of the deep freeze?”
Without suit or shield, Steve was more vulnerable than usual, but he still had his combat skills to back him up. He worked on taking out the doombots, smashing into their metal skulls, pummelling them until they were nothing more than broken piles of metal and sparking wires.
The brunet obviously appreciates the gesture judging by the low moan that slips out. He reaches out for Steve, hands sliding up his flanks and then behind, fingernails dragging along his back.
“It's not as easy as you’d think.” Tony mutters, glancing up at him.
“I’ve had worse.” Tony muttered and gave a small shrug, about to head off to his quarters for a much needed shower when a shoulder roughly grabbed him and spun him around to face a very disgruntled looking Captain.
Mr. Stark's expression goes from professional to intrigued, and Steve would swear that he could actually see the man's pupils dilate before his eyes. “This is about you baby, you do whatever you want “
“We keep shooting at it. Weaken it. Even mountains can crumble. Stay in position.”
“What?” Tony demanded again, wondering what the hell was going on in that cynical mind of hers.
Steve slipped the neon gloves off and set them on the counter, catching Tony in the hall before the grumpy billionaire could make his escape.
With determination in his step, Steve saunters over towards the billionaire, planting his hands on either side of the office chair as he leans in close, caging Tony in between the backrest and his chest.
Bucky turns down the TV just as Steve starts walking into the kitchen, a bowl of Funions nestled in his lap. Even with a fridge full of fresh fruit and vegetable Bucky insisted on living his life like a domesticated raccoon.
“I’m glad. I always thought that judging someone for who they loved was just poor taste.” He said, which admittedly came as a shock to him.
“I wanted to talk about what happened earlier.” The soldier admitted. “When I um…kissed you.”
“Nice to meet you Tony.”
“Oh right, and before I forget.” Tony chirped, heading to his desk and scribbled something down. “Here’s your pay. I threw in a little extra since you’re a newbie.” He said, handing him a cheque.
"That's it." Tony purred, voice thick and heavy with arousal. "Get it all out, for me. That's my good boy."
she kept telling him, but respecting women was a habit he’d gotten from his mother.
“Thanks. It was good. Uh, can’t wait to do it again.”
Steve offered the other man a sympathetic look, leaning back against the wobbly refrigerator.
Tony lifted himself up off the bed, his hand grasping the back of Steve’s neck to smash their mouths together, launching a fierce attack of teeth and tongue that Steve readily accepted. He pulled back with a sucking kiss, moving both hands to cradle the sides of Steve’s neck, tugging at the bottom of his kiss bruised lip with the pad of his thumb.
At the thought of his friend in danger, Steve slapped the doctor’s hand away and climbed out of bed, completely disregarding the pain. “I’ll be fine. Those aliens, took Tony, we have to go save him.”
It was now or never – free fall and hope to God someone caught him, or go down with the ship. Out of the two choices Tony knew which one to chose.
Tony reached out to rest a hand on his shoulder, the touch anchoring him. “I’m sorry. Really, I should have told you about her first. I was just hoping to avoid…well, this.”
with Steve. Tony didn’t want to look through them all, feeling a heavy sense of dread in his gut.
As they parted, Tony noticed the flash of horror that crossed over Steve’s face as he swiftly realized what happened.
“Ngh,…god. You’re so fucking tight.” Tony drawls, leaning over to kiss Steve as he makes sharp, quick jabs with his hips, each one hitting Steve’s sweet spot dead on.
“I’m coming, I’m coming…” He manages to gasp out before he explodes, hips lifting off the table as he shoots long, thick ropes all over Tony’s expensive suit.
From the agent’s description, New York’s famous Coney Island was currently being attacked by an enormous, rampaging iguana.The team thought that this was a joke until the Avenjet flew across the skyscrapers and they saw exactly what Coulson had been describing.
“Okay well then deal with him, he’s freaking people out!” She huffed, slamming the phone back down.
Scoffing, Tony gave Pepper an incredulous look. “Sleep with him? Steve?” He gave a loud, throaty laugh, shaking his head at the absurd accusation. “Pep, I think you’ve had a bit too much to drink.”
Steve nodded his head, slowly tilting his head to look back at Tony. “No, it’s alright. I really appreciate this Tony.”
“Surprised you don’t have a camera rolling right now.” He teased.
“Gimme some help with this?” He asked.
“That's extortion.”
Tony has just enough sense left in him to cover the mouthpiece before he comes with a guttural moan and Steve feels a warm, salty gush flood across his tongue. He doesn’t even make a face at the bitter taste as he greedily laps up every drop, swallowing Tony’s load without a fuss.
“Wait, wait! I’m Tony Stark, I’m the one you’re looking for.”
As if the tone of the message wasn’t enough of a hint, the signature definitely tipped him off, and he realized that this was the first time that Tony was texting him from his private phone if the number hadn’t been recognized.
Of course watching two guys kissing was probably a huge shock for him. Steve was from a time where being openly gay (or even privately gay) was incredibly frowned upon, not to mention illegal.
“Fuck…” He muttered, tapping his finger against the shattered interface, hoping that it might light up again.
When the two arrived back at Avengers Tower, Steve helped Tony hobble his way towards the elevator, letting the injured man use him as a crutch to take the pressure off of his wounded knee as he escorted him to medical.
Clothes went flying in every direction, leaving a trail behind them on their journey to the bedroom. Steve had lost his shirt somewhere between the living room and the hallway, and Tony’s vest was laying in a messy heap a few steps away. They got stuck at the doorframe to Tony’s bedroom. Steve could feel the brunet awkwardly feeling behind him for the door handle and he took this as an opportunity to start working on the older man’s belt.
Steve ignored that comment, but a smile crept it’s way into the corners of his lips. “Yeah yeah, I'll be sure to write you an IOU. Ready to go?”
He started sketching in the notebook, dragging the whittled down charcoal pencil across the paper, tracing curves and lines until they vaguely started resembling something. Halfway through his drawing, he was starting to realize that the image on the paper resembled a certain handsome, dark haired entrepreneur with warm, hazel eyes and defining facial hair --
Steve manages to hold out for maybe another 30 seconds when the coil snaps and his hips buck into his fist, pulsing thick white loads all over his hand and abs as he lets out a cry of pleasure.
“I don’t have any right to ask you this but please --
Steve wobbled onto his feet, gently holding his gut as he started making his way across the room. “No, but I’m going anyway.” He said defiantly.
Mr. Stark arches an eyebrow at him, clearly amused and a bit surprised at the sudden change of heart, but evidently appreciative of Steve’s cooperation. He fiddles with the camera for a second, probably making sure all of his good parts are in the frame and then reclines in his office chair, almost like this was just a casual chat.
The deep, sultry tenor of Tony’s voice has Steve biting his lip and he finds himself leaning in until he can feel the heat of his own breath bouncing off of the other man’s face.
morning and afternoon.” He starts, voice low and prowling as he snakes a hand into Steve's hair, giving a sharp tug to make sure the blond's eyes are focused on him.
“I’m not quite as devout as I used to be, but I try to stay connected to the community.” He said, putting a couple trays of brownies into the oven, switching them for the batch that had just finished baking. “Besides, it’s nice to hang out with people my own age.” He added, turning to Tony with a playful smirk.
Ball caps and sunglasses seemed to be the go-to disguise for blending in with the commoners around these parts.
“Steve, I know you have enhanced healing factors on your side, but you were stabbed by a
You'd figure someone who made as much money as he did, he could hire a night staff to take care of all this extra paperwork, but alas he couldn’t let every employee forge his signature and Pepper already had her hands tied with marketing so he took in the task.
Steve didn’t quite seem to understand what Tony’s angle was, his eyebrows quirked curiously as the brunet continued to drive out of the city, so he trusted him to some degree or just accepted that Tony was kidnapping him because he just sat back and didn’t make any further comment.
This time Steve didn’t freeze up, pulling the navy blue wool over his head. He wasn’t quite sure where to set it down so he quickly folded the fabric and gently put it on the floor where it would be out of sight.
Tony lifted his hand, giving Steve a solid thumbs up. “Good work Brooklyn.”
Tony shook his head. “Never mind. This is really good by the way, like, really good.”
He fastened the device around his knee, made a few adjustments to the contraption so that it fit his leg properly, and then just like that he could walk again without any external support.
Tony had sent him a reply, accompanied by a photo of his own; sitting in front of the Tokyo skyline, coloured orbs of light distant and fuzzy in the background, his dress shirt half unbuttoned with a lascivious smirk playing on his lips.
without a suit?”
Tony might not like the guy’s personality, but there was no denying that he had an incredibly hot body.
He opened the email, expecting another gross comment from a ‘fan', but already he could tell that it wasn’t just another perverted message by the body and length of the message.
Realizing the silence had gone on for an uncomfortably long time, Steve just offered a tiny smile and a nod. “Okay. Great. I’ll meet you back here at noon.” He said before returning to the kitchen.
“You mean the extensive art collection that
“Your smoothies don’t count, Tony. You need some real food.”
He leaned back in his chair, finger and thumb tracing the contour of his beard. Well, shit. He didn’t usually get so attached to his stars, but something about Steve Rogers was harder to resist than the others. Not that he was a virtuous saint and hadn’t partaken in the fruits of his labor before, but he tried to avoid making it a habit.
Pepper pointed a finger at him, her expression a strange mixture of both amusement, shock and disapproval. “Oh no no, don’t deflect. You get this look on your face when you’re interested in someone. I’ve seen it a million times.”
Thick white globs spilled over Natasha’s fingers, dripping down the sides of her wrists. The woman made a small click with her tongue, pulling her hand away and brought up to her face as if to inspect it.
Play to your strengths, Steve thinks to himself. If Tony Stark thinks he's some bashful, college twink than he’ll play along.
“Yeah alright. But only if you let me lick the spoon.”
“That energy beam knocked you out cold, and with the damages to the suit, it took me a while to find your location”
Steve’s cheeks were so red that Tony worried for a moment that he might spontaneously combust, but eventually the flush dissipated.
Even before she’d become the CEO of Stark Industries, Pepper was always busy doing something – usually cleaning up his messes.
Steve cautiously took the flask and gave it a whiff, wrinkling his nose at the potent vapors that were emanating from the spout.
Damn, only 60$. That wasn’t enough to push him over what he needed for rent. He could ask for an extension but they were already on bad terms with the landlord for always being late. Steve let out a heavy sigh. Maybe he had time for another stream tonight? He was working the night shift tomorrow so he could stay up a little later, but he wasn’t really in the mood to give it another go.
After a dozen or so spankings, Steve was finally begging for mercy. Tony was about to beg himself, ridiculously close to coming after a short few minutes.
“So, are you going to tell me why you invited me to lunch?” He started, crossing his arms over his chest as he leaned back against the stiff but surprisingly not uncomfortable plastic chair. “Don’t tell me you actually wanted my company.”
Steve pauses mid-zip, contemplating the idea in his head. “You know, I could probably fill in.” He suggests, acting nonchalant.
Bruce simply shook his head, trying to hide a mischievous grin as he retreated back to his worktable. “Don’t worry about it, I’ve got a breakthrough that I want to start researching before I forget.” He said, jotting down notes and reaching for substances in little glass jars. “Go ahead without me, please. I might actually be able to get some work done without Mr. Chatty there.”
“No. Absolutely not. There is no way in hell I am going to ask Justin fucking Hammer to sign on. Are you crazy? The guy's a dick, and not the good kind. I'd rather do it myself then – oh,
Steve sucked his bottom lip between his teeth, letting out a groan as he gave the base of his cock a squeeze, bucking his hips into his fist in a search for more friction.
Steve just rolls his eyes, getting up from his spot at Tony's feet to lean against the desk. “I’m guessing that phone call is related to why you had to leave so unexpectedly this morning?”
Tony seemed to finally accept his answer as one of the crew came over to hand him a blanket, which he gratefully took and draped over his shoulders to cover himself up. Tony gave him a final once over before letting out a sigh that sounded both relieved and remorseful.
Tony tried to seem impressive by spewing out any facts about the art that he could remember from Pepper trying to get him to sign off on the art pieces she procured. Come to think of it, he wasn’t actually sure if his retellings were true or total bullshit but it’s not like Steve was going to fact check him.
“Tony, wait.” He called, just a bit surprised when Tony actually stopped and turned around to look at him.
“Pepper, I already told you, I’m not signing any of my assets over to Hammer. If he wants my designs he can kiss my – “ The man looked up mid rant, his brows furrowing in confusion. “You’re not Pepper.”
Usually when people were trying to get in his good books it was because they wanted something, but Steve was far too righteous and selfless to want him for his money, that much was clear.
“He wants to see me?” Steve asked dubiously.
here?” Steve hissed at him, trying to keep the volume of their conversation low.
The post-mission tension between them normally fizzled by now, but even still Tony wasn’t about to accept Steve’s breakfast offering, still just a little spiteful over last night’s argument.
He could hear Tony panting over the phone, his heavy breathing accompanied by the frantic, wet slapping of flesh on flesh.
Not that Bucky ever had the greatest sense of table etiquette,
Hala stops, her blade inches from Steve’s chest as she turns her attention to him.
Steve threw another robot over his shoulder into the ground as it made a grab for him, smashing its torso in with his foot, and then reached his hand out to catch the red white and blue disc flying towards him. Natasha and Clint zoomed over him on their Hoverbike, and Steve shot them a two fingered salute before jumping into the real action.
He should maybe be looking at the camera, but something about the other man draws him in like a moth to a flame.
Steve wasn’t going to press the issue, and when Tony realized that he sat up and delved in for another kiss, wrestling his tongue against Steve’s for a few moments before moving along. Tony dipped his head forward, and Steve felt wet, hot kisses along his neck and chest. He gasped when he felt the sharp bite of teeth against his nipple, the sound melting into a long, drawn out groan.
Rough, calloused fingers gripped his jaw with bruising strength, forcing Steve’s chin up so that he had no choice but to look into those cruel, dark eyes.
“My room’s closer.”
Tony made a wold whistling sound and punched Steve’s shoulder. “Oho, you sly dog.”
“You need to go home.” Steve told him, his tone a mix between disappointment in his friend and disappointment in himself. Bucky opened his mouth, ready to argue, but Steve cut him off with a shake of his head. “We’ll talk about this at home. Please Buck.”
Steve grits through his teeth. Fingers aren't enough for him, he needs more. Bigger. He feels like he’s gonna die if he doesn't get dick in the next few seconds.
He still could not believe he was going through with this. If he had any sense of self respect he should just turn around now, maybe go back to school and get a teaching degree or get a job I construction. Becoming a porn actor wasn’t in his top 10 list of career choices, but he was desperate for cash and this seemed like the best chance he had.
The blond might not know Tony well, but if he didn’t have the urge to do something reckless than at least he wasn’t a complete bore. Tony seemed to notice the look on Steve’s face and shot him a warning glance.
After a few moments of awkward silence, Steve finally spoke up again.
The video was still playing.
Steve heard the gasps and screams of the terrified citizens around him, pointing in shock up towards the ship. Steve’s head snapped up at the commotion to follow their gaze just in time to see Tony plummeting out of the airship, his arms and legs flailing as he dropped from the sky.
To be fair, it wasn’t a completely false assumption. Pepper knew he had a taste for the finer things, of course he’d thought about getting down and dirty with America's favorite superhero.
Bucky had been his best friend since elementary school. They grew up together, they were practically brothers. Bucky had helped him through some rough patches, he hated that he couldn’t do more for his friend.
“I think I can handle it.”
The armor had taken most of the impact as the pavement shattered beneath him into big chunks of rock, leaving a vaguely Iron Man shaped imprint in the ground when he finally came to a stop.
“So what brings you down to our hellish lair?”
“I can do that.” He breaths before Tony’s pulling him back in to a messy kiss.
“Judging by that attitude, I’m guessing that you’re fine.” He huffed, helping Tony to his feet. “And here I was worried for nothing.” He muttered, letting Tony lean on him for support, one arm slung around his waist. “Come on, let’s get you back to the Tower. Make sure you didn’t smash your brain into that thick skull of yours.”
A thousand dollars was a big lump of money to someone who was struggling to make a dime. That alone would be enough to cover his half of the rent and probably next months too. Not to mention if that was just a signing bonus, who knows what kind of cash this gig offered. Maybe he could even afford one of those shiny, state of the art WakandaTech prosthetics for Bucky.
An older looking woman waved them over, looking to be about in her late sixties or early seventies. “Ah, Steve, it’s good to see you.” She said, sounding pleased to see him as she greeted him with a hug. “I’ll be honest, I didn’t think you’d actually show up.”
Still in relative shock, Steve typed ‘Stark Studios' into his google search, wondering if there was even such a company. For all he knew, this could be just another one of those Nigerian prince scams.
Besides, Pepper was the personally appointed CEO of his company after all, so he wasn’t about to sever ties with her completely. That, and he really did miss spending time with her, even if it was strictly friendship.
Him and Obediah had a history, one that he was not too proud of. It wasn’t a secret that his dad made Stark a household name through weapons manufacturing and supplying the US military with some of the world's deadliest artillery. He later learned -- after being abducted and left to die in a shitty dark cave -- that SI hadn’t just been selling guns to their side. When he found out that Stane had been dealing under the table he shut down the whole operation and decided to ruin his father’s legacy by trading weapon contracts for cheesy porn scripts.
Steve fights the overwhelming disappointment that hits him.
They weren’t prescription, but hey, they looked cool. And they suited his aesthetic.
He saw the brunet waiting by the front desk. Tony turned when he heard the automatic doors and the look of elation on his face just made Steve even more confused. People weren’t usually so happy to be in a hospital.
He’d been locked away in his lab for three days straight now, which wasn’t by any means a record for him, but still probably wasn’t healthy. Tony Stark had a knack for disregarding his own mental and physical well-being when he was knee deep in processors and scrap metal. His body could hold off on sleep and non-liquefied nutrients until his latest stroke of mechanical genius was birthed into this world.
“So.”
Steve wasn’t really one to over indulge in pleasant luxuries, but even he had to admit that it was nice to have one afternoon where they didn’t have to defend the world from Armageddon.
“I said ask nicely.”  Tony stresses again.
When he was in his science zone, Tony was a total recluse.
Steve caught his shield as it bounced off of the creature’s haunches and propelled back to him, widening his stance.
“Scrap the project I guess.” Tony shrugs, still a little hazy. “Shit like this happens all the time. I'll just get reamed by corporate and have to pay out, no biggie. I’m loaded, probably won't even make a dent.”
"Totally worth it.” Tony replied instantly, and Steve couldn’t help but smile at the certainty in his tone. “Look at you, already so hard for me. Were you jerking off in the shower?”
The soldier felt his blood run cold as her hands touched his cheek, and he jumped back from her like she was made of fire. Peggy called out to him as he turned on his heel and left the hospital room looking a mess, pressing his back against the wall just outside of the room, next to where Tony was waiting.
Tony’s office is filled with the slick sounds of bodies moving together and heavy breathing. Steve is propped up on his elbows, head thrown back in pure bliss as Tony thrusts into him at bruising speeds.
He didn’t mind helping Bruce out, especially on a project as fundamentally important as his artificial tissue synthesizer, but when science didn’t involve welding things and blowing shit up Tony Stark had a very short attention span and they’d been at this for hours already.
Steve shrugged. “Yeah, you know. I go to a studio, they take pictures of me doing things, sell them to a company to use for marketing and then I get a paycheck.” He went on.
“As you can see we also have our own workout facilities and wellness centers on site that you can use, as well as registered trainers and dietitians. It's not anything really strict or rigorous, but our company does have a standard when it comes to self maintenance, not that you need to worry about that.” She said, offering him a sweeping glance that made him blush.
“If I’m Captain, that makes you the side kick.” Steve rebutted, earning a playful shove from the other.
“I will take you down Tony. It's just a matter of who I'm taking down with you.” He promised as he left, the doors finally closing between them.
They tumbled out of the elevator, bumping into just about every piece of furniture from the entrance foyer to Tony’s bedroom. Normally Steve was a little more spatially aware of bulk, but it was hard to navigate with Tony’s tongue down his throat and a hand cupping him through his jeans.
As he was flipping through some contracts regarding their new sex toy line, Tony’s attention pulled from the work as the email notification chimed.
“What’cha doing?” Bucky muttered behind him, peering over his shoulder.
Hawkeye aimed his arrows at the device, but Doom deflected all of his shots before they even got close.
pain in my behind.” He said, his voice exasperated and irritable, but then he added in a softer tone, “But you are part of this team, and I don’t leave anybody behind.”
“My first husband. I remarried when he never came back from the war.” Agnes corrected Steve.
“You’ve got another date with Stark?”
The seeds of friendship have finally been planted, now Steve just had to hope he could grow them.
Steve’s arms dropped to his side, more in hurt than indignation. He understood that Bucky went out of line and that it was his fault but for Tony to just drop him like that, like the last six months hadn’t meant anything at all to him.
Tony clung to the metal sheet he was hanging off of as the ship gave another violent jerk. “I’m kind of running out of options here.”
Tony looked down at the cracked screen of his wrist watch as he heard the scratchy voice, bringing his wrist up closer to his face.
“I’m looking for Steve. I need to talk to him.”
His best friend just didn’t need to know that he was completely naked in said photos, aside from the occasional leather strap.
.” The slightly tipsy billionaire pressed on, leaning back on his elbows. “Captain America can’t be all wholesome and puritan.” He continued, sucking the last few drops of nectar from the flask.
Saying he was here for the porn just didn’t sound right.
He knew the request was coming, but the bluntness still caught him off guard. The other man's gaze drifted to him as he just sat there, hands frozen at the base of his shirt.
“Yeah, but all this time I thought you were playing it up for the cameras.” He said, giving some love to Steve’s other nipple, earning another sharp gasp in response to the pinch. “Turns out you’re the real deal.”
“I need to deal with a few things. Go get cleaned up and I’ll drive you home, okay?”
Maybe he shouldn’t shoot down the idea of being in porn so hastily. He’d already put his naked body out there for all the works to see, so its not like he had much shame left to lose, and working with an actual label had to make more money than he was earning on his own as a cheap Camboy. Still, if he agreed to do this than there would be no turning back.
Steve hesitated for a moment, but Tony sounded fine, and if any one of their team had gotten hurt he’s certain that Coulson would have alerted him immediately. “Yeah, no problem. I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
The music returned full blast, but before he could even refocus on his task it was cut off again and he was interrupted once more.
It had your typical diner food – burgers, fries, shakes, and the whole shebang. Tony wasn’t opposed to the simple menu. Who didn’t like the classic burger and fries combo anyway?
Of course the last to join this Frat House of Terrors was none other than Captain Killjoy.
He’s disappointed, yeah, but he understands that running a multibillion-dollar porn company takes a lot of time and effort. Despite the jokes that get thrown around the studio, Tony works damn hard, so Steve’s not going to get his feelings hurt over something like this. Even if his dick feels betrayed.
“It just might, Rogers.”
Tony thought to himself.
Steve didn’t really want Tony to leave his side right now, but he understood that there were probably some very important legal things that the CEO had to deal with right now regarding what just happened so he wasn’t going to hold it against him.
“Kitchen's all done but we might need to get some new dishes – by the way, remind me never to make Dum-E or U help with packing ever again.” Tony walked in rambling, sleeves rolled up to his elbows.
The woman approached Steve slowly, leather whip in hand as she looked him over, much like a spider would observe its prey before striking.
“Who wants to know.”
a lie because there were photoshoots involved.
Debrief dragged on as always, not that Tony was really paying much attention to the play-by-play. Instead his thoughts were filled wet lips and desperate kisses, Steve’s hand dragging along his neck like it had before. That kiss had been more intense than some of his flings, and that was saying a lot. Maybe it had been just a spur of the moment thing, or a release of tension. Tony was very intimate with the consequences of strong emotions, but somehow he doubted that it was that simple. He’s kissed a
Steve let out a throaty chuckle in response, wiping some excess batter onto the front of his apron. “You know, you should come with me. The folks at the church are really nice, and it might do you some good to spend time with us elderly.”
The two Avengers were slowly making their way out of the stadium, pressed almost shoulder to shoulder as the crowd was corralled through the exits. They stopped by a concessions stand outside of the Stadium. Tony just got a regular vanilla soft serve while Steve got one of those ridiculous red white and blue popsicles.
Steve let out a short laugh. “I think you compensate me enough.” He said, thinking back on his new, lavish income.
“Go back to school, get a degree. Or, I don’t know, work on that art stuff you always talked about.” He said, his tone softer this time. “You should get as far away from this industry while you still can.”
Steve glanced away sheepishly, an honest to God blush dusting across his perfect face that only made it harder for Tony not to just plant one on him right then and there.
He slips a second finger in his ass, impatient now as he starts to move them and stretch himself open, a constant stream of pleasured noises spilling over his tongue. He bites down on his lip to keep quiet, remembering that he’s in a public place right now and anybody walking by would be able to hear him, but Tony isn't having it.
“You’re evil.” Tony points accusingly, heading out the door before he throws away the last shred of self-discipline he still has.
Steve barely catches the director saying something and feels the man behind him stop his brutal thrusting to pull out. He almost whines at the loss but feels a tap on his ankle and gets the hint.
are?” She choked on her water, dabbing at her mouth with a napkin, somehow without smudging her lipstick. “You hate art.”
“So now you're coming here to destroy my company just like you did to Howard?” Tony snorted.
“Perfect.” Tony chimed, slipping the gag back into his mouth and fastened it, not as skull crushingly tight as the other guy had. “Relax. Just look at me.” The billionaire added, retreating back towards the camera.
“Could you
Steve didn't know what he was thinking when he ticked off bondage as something he would be willing to do. Maybe it was curiosity since he’d never done it before, or maybe just his usual dumb decision, but the actual experience was really falling short to expectations. And then there was the mechanical contraption nudging at his ass.
“I’m gonna cum if you keep that up.” He warned, voice tight and breathy as he fought to keep his orgasm at bay.
“That relic is the Eternity Forge. Its power can be used to bring life to the dead.” The Empress began, boring down on his with her cold gaze. “You will tell me how to use it.”
Fishing the toy out among the piles of Legos and action figures Steve examined it closely. The bear had white fur that had probably once been soft but had gotten rough over time. It was well used, he noted straight away, spotting where one of its original eyes had fallen out and been replaced with a small black button. The teddy bear would have been unrecognizable from any other if it wasn’t for the blue uniform that it was wearing, the iconic blue cowl with the ‘A' on it was a dead give away.
He had to make
With a heavy sigh the genius waved his white flag and straddled the bike, wrapping his arms around Steve’s middle, and leaned into his back as they took off towards the tower.
He glances over to the display wall, admiring the art pieces. Their tasteful and look like they cost a fortune. Steve doesn’t peg Tony as an art guy, so he figures he must have hired some interior decorator. Steve likes more traditional styles of art himself, but the sharp lines and bright pops of colour on a monochromatic background are nice to look at. He’s distracted by the art, so absorbed in It that he doesn’t even hear the click of shoes behind him.
“Hey, sorry bout' the mess. Usually I do that after the first date.”
He finished dressing and stood up, briefly wondering what to do with the soiled tissues before throwing them in the trash can.
“They played for Brooklyn back in my day, so they’re still my team.”
“What the hell are you
Thor aimed a bolt of lightning at the metal man, but even that was deflected.
Almost.
That woman, Hala, she had come to earth specifically for him, but he had no idea why. He hadn’t even thought that word of the Avengers would have spread through the galaxy, but evidently it had, and that thought wasn’t a comforting one.
Why couldn’t an invading alien race ignore the stereotype and just be friendly for once?
“Whatever you say.” Natasha sing-songed, her half smile turning into a full on grin as she reached for the television remote.
Steve threw the sweat drenched towel over his shoulder, breath evening out as he stared her down. He’d made numerous attempts to get on better terms with the self-proclaimed genius billionaire, and all of his efforts so far had turned up fruitless. Natasha seemed to read his expression as if all his thoughts were written on his skin. She had an eerie way of always knowing what you were thinking.
“It’s getting late. Maybe we should head home.”
The Avengers’ focus turned from the army of doombots to their leader, trying to separate him from the remote control.
"You know, if you need someone to talk to, I studied psychiatry for a few years before joining up." He offered. “I’m not a legit therapist, but I did volunteer work for AA if you just need someone to listen.”
Steve straightened up, leaning against the wall. “So she…forgot about me?”
With a pathetic huff  Steve set his phone down and started rummaging in his gym bag for some clean clothes when his phone suddenly chirped.
“Yeah, yeah… I’m fine.” He said, expelling the last of the fog from his brain. He was about to ask Tony what he was doing back so soon when Rumlow, naked and seething, stomped forward, looking like he was about to hit Steve again.
Steve swallowed his indignation. As much as he wanted to rip Rumlow a new one for the completely uncalled for improv, he knew that if he disrupted the scene they would have to reshoot it and he just really wanted to get this over with already.
“Said the rent was already paid. In full.” He paused and looked at Steve, shoving a handful of crunchy rings into his mouth. “For the next three months.”
His inner tangent was interrupted when he felt a body stir beside him in the comfortable nest of blankets, followed by a throaty groan as arms snaked their way around his middle, tugging him closer to their source.
fuck me?” He says defiantly.
“Its not good for morale.” Tony jabbed before adding pensively, “Or our HR department.”
Tony tuts, pressing against his prostate once again while his thumb brushes against the sensitive skin right behind Steve’s balls, making him gasp sharply at the blissful shock.
Noises spill carelessly out from his open mouth, soft, desperate moans echoing in the empty space around him as he rockets towards the peak of orgasm. Messy spurts of milky white paint his freshly cleaned skin. He’s going to need another shower before he goes in for his shoot, but right now he can’t bring himself to care.
“And what’s the other kind of people you have problems with?”
“Good dogs beg for their masters.” Rumlow growled at him, forcefully feeding his cock into Steve’s mouth.
Steve smiles, sitting up on his elbows. “You don’t have to apologize, I get it. Work before play.” He told him.
“Ignore it.” Tony growls, tugging him back down into a fiery kiss. Steve doesn’t even hesitate, immediately getting back into the rhythm of things.
Tony looked around the tiny dining space, obviously trying to hold in any critiques about the place. Steve could imagine that Tony was incredibly underwhelmed by the old-style diner, considering what he was accustomed to, being a billionaire and all.
The Hulk was out of reach on the airship, and Thor was still MIA so there was no one coming to catch Tony mid-air and stop the falling billionaire from hitting the concrete.
His eyes fixated on a small, flashing remote nestled into Doom’s utility belt and realized that he must be using that to synchronize the robotic army. “There, on his belt!” He called out.
Old, buried memories flared up at the mention of ‘last time’. Tony was painfully reminded of his ex, Tyberius Stone, who had used him as nothing more than a stepping stool to get what he wanted and then left him to pick up the shattered pieces left behind.
Steve’s back arches, practically screaming as electricity shoots through his veins. The pleasure is way more intense then he’s ever felt it before, toes curling as it rips through him.
Tony shrugged and pressed the rim to his lips once again. “Suit yourself, just means more for me.”
Instead of his usual rags, the soldier was dressed simply in a white t-shirt with a leather jacket thrown on top, and a pair of tight fitting, dark blue jeans.
Their outing was going great, Tony was actually having a lot of fun, but the whole time Tony’s thoughts couldn’t help but drift back to what Pepper had said to him earlier at lunch, about him wanting Steve for more than just amicable companionship.
Tony’s words sent a shiver up his spine. Steve whined, but didn’t dare disobey. Usually he hated taking orders, but something about Tony made his pension for defiance morph into a desperate willingness to do as he was told.
He walked over to the linen closet and pulled out a soft orange throw blanket, draping it over Tony’s sleeping form before heading out of the kitchen, but not before scribbling a quick ‘Do Not Disturb’ on a sheet of white paper with a pen, plastering it on the glass door.
Steve knew that there was truth in Tony’s statement, but he hadn’t expected them to sound so discouraging.
desk in
“Oooh, Fuck, yesssss…..”
“Nng...you have no idea.” The other man counters, and Steve can’t help but shudder at the idea that maybe Tony misses him too. "There's so many things I would do to you right now." He grunts and Steve can hear the wet squelch of his hand working up and down his dick.
Steve frowned with his eyes still closed, lips jutting out in a small pout. “That’s not fair.”
“What the
The first one was a still image from their site, Steve in a tiny pair of boxers and slicked up with oil. The second one was him in a more compromising position, on his knees while he was getting plowed by one of their other actors. The next one was of Steve inside his apartment.
The silence stretched between them as they shared a tender gaze, and then it suddenly hit Tony like a freight train.
He didn't doubt that there was probably some sort of compromising evidence about him inside of that envelope. He’d been a victim of the tabloids since he was a kid and had been in more scandals through his teenage years than most celebrities had been in their entire lives. If Stane was trying to strong arm him into handing over the rights to his dad’s old patents then he was going to have to try harder than a few incriminating photos.
He hit the concrete, hard, skidding across the ground and leaving a long groove of broken asphalt in his wake.
“You.” He pointed towards Tony, stepping around Steve. “You’re the boss around here?”
“Isn’t it a little early to start drinking?” Steve answered ruefully.
Steve gently touched her hand again. “Yes Peggy. I’m here.” He whispered.
He reaches out to touch one of the whips, grazing his fingers along the long strands of thick, black leather.
No wonder the last guy quit. Less than thirty seconds of conversation with this jerk and Steve already wants to throttle him.
“You’re a regular old Martha Stuart, aren’t you?” He said, shoving the whole cracker into his mouth.
After a long, awkward pause, Steve finally spoke up.
He peeled the bandages from his hands, which were sore and throbbing after pummeling a 100 lbs punching bag, and tossed them into his gym bag. Filming would start again in a couple hours, so he should probably think about getting ready. Steve took his things and moved into the locker room, peeling the soaked athletic gear off of his body before stepping into the shower stall, letting out a content sigh at the fall of hot water cascading over his tired muscles.
“I’m old fashioned, but waiting until marriage seems a bit extreme. I’ll settle for the standard three date waiting period.”
There was a beat of silence between them before the brunet nodded.
Bucky snorted, eyes darting up to look at Steve. “Yeah right. So when did you become Mr. Moneybags?”
“Uh, yeah, that’s me.” He says, stepping closer to the guy and extends his hand in greeting. “Steve Rogers.”
Steve rolls his eyes, picking at his food before taking another bite. It's honestly not that bad. Beats some of the stuff they used to have to eat back when they were living off of food stamps.
Steve undulates his hips, snaking his hand back between them to grasp Tony’s cock again and start stroking him slowly. Tony lets out a soft sigh, head lolling back against the pillows as he rocks his hips up into Steve’s hand.
Tony walked into the common kitchen area, making his usual trip to the coffee machine but his route was blocked by a bulky super solder wearing a white apron, and the counter tops were amess with half a dozen bowls filled with some sort of chocolatey looking substance.
Fighting giant lizard monsters was just part of the regime.
“Iron Man, you are not setting a bomb off in the middle of the city, that’s insane.” Came the authoritative response in his ear.
Steve recognized a few faces around the table – Tony of course, as well as Pepper, Natasha, Sam, Thor and some of the other people he’d had scenes with, but there were a couple unfamiliar faces thrown into the mix. After an awkward moment of silence, he realized that they were all here for him and that his ‘meeting’ with Tony had just been a ruse.
Steve rolled his eyes and glanced away, the tips of his ears tinging a bright pink colour, but Tony’s eyes remained on him, insistent. Steve swallowed and pursed his lips, pressing the spout of the metal flask to his lips. “I uh…I don’t have any stories to swap.”
He imagined he should feel dirty, ashamed, or more scandalized by the fact that he’d just had sex with his
They each grabbed a plate and walked around, Steve introducing him to people as they made their rounds. It was amazing to watch him talk with the elderly, reminiscing about old memories about a time that Tony could only imagine.
He tried to pull back to get a breath in, but Rumlow’s grip on his hair just got tighter, keeping him in place. He tried to give a non-verbal gesture with his fingers, but no one seemed to take note of his distress. The edges of his vision were starting to go fuzzy and black, and Steve was starting to panic as he was slowly asphyxiating. He couldn’t breathe. In his desperation, Steve did the only thing he could think of. He bit down, hard.
Initially, Steve acted like a deer caught in headlights for a few heartbeats before he finally got the message and melted into Tony, shifting to put his weight on one elbow so that he could slide his other hand up to cup Tony’s jaw. The billionaire relished in the kiss, savouring the embrace like it was the first and last. With their lifestyle, it could very well be.
“Probably a good idea to stay on her good side.” Steve chuckled. Miss Pott’s was a force to reckon with when anyone dared strayed off schedule. Tony’s business would probably crumble if she wasn’t the one keeping everything on track. “I’ll see you later then?”
Tony spent his morning fiddling on his StarkPad, working on new inventions and consuming an endless stream of coffee, courtesy of his favorite artificially encrypted butler.
He gave the bag a final shove, the chain keeping it suspended jingling with the force of his punch. He steadied the swaying sack, panting heavily as he leaned in to rest his head against the warm kevlar.
Steve’s curiosity continued to grow, wondering what on earth the erratic billionaire was hiding up his sleeve.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s strange how hugging this man felt weirder than having sex with him, though Steve wondered if that may be because he was naked and still had come on his face.
“Fucking aliens. The world was so much easier when we thought we were alone in the universe.” Clint muttered, folding his fingers together and stretched his arms out over his head.
Next Steve teased his hole, spreading his saliva around the pucker to ease the friction before pressing inside himself. He let out a soft moan, titling his head back in a show of pleasure as he fingered himself. He was up to the second knuckle and about to add another digit when there was a knock on his door.
Steve clenched his jaw as he retreated in the opposite direction.
“Yeah, sure thing.” He said, grabbing the can from his friend and waddled his way towards the kitchen while also making an effort to conceal the still prominent boner that was rather uncomfortably chafing against the front of his pants. He wasn’t exactly too thrilled about getting cock blocked for some processed beef and salty, vaguely tomato tasting paste , but he wasn’t about to leave his friend to suffer defeat at the hands of a tin can. “Here.”
Tony thrashed around helplessly, the screen that was monitoring his vitals flashing wildly in alarm as his heart rate increased drastically, signalling a full on panic attack. Being thrown through the air without any sense of direction definitely boosts the adrenaline in your system.
Tony gave a short nod and tucked the empty canister into his coat pocket. “Yeah alright.” Tony slid off of the hood of the car, nearly stumbling as he got his footing. He was about to open the driver’s side door, but a hand rested just above his, holding it shut.
“You still go to church? Didn’t know you were such a diehard Christian.”
Steve checked his watch, shoulders bunching when he noticed the time.
Tony groaned, setting the screwdriver down with a roll of his eyes. He was pretty sure he’d placed Jarvis on mute, but leave it to his every disobedient AI to disregard a direct order in order to mother him. He really needed to reprogram that poor excuse for a super computer.
Natasha brought the whip down on the spot just above Steve’s navel, compelling Steve’s body to jump at the sharp snap of leather against his ivory skin. The blond bit back a surprised grunt, squaring his jaw at the sting of pain but otherwise didn’t make a sound.
His more than generous donations to hospitals all across New York meant that he could get Steve full access to Peggy’s hospital room, which the Captain would continuously expressed his gratitude for.
Steve felt the fucking machine increased its speed, the piston punching deeper inside of him and making his hips undulate out of instinct as the head of silicone pummeled his prostate.
Even though they’d more or less made nice after defeating Loki and his weird army of alien-robot creatures, the two heroes were far from friends. Barely allies.
Tony laughs at that. “And here I was hoping to let that sit for a few days and gain some interest.”
“Well, I don’t immediately want go home and drink myself into a coma, so I supposed I’ve had worse company.” He mused, which earned a small smile from Steve.
“I have had a
Eventually the ringing stops, and Steve continues grinding his hips down against Tony lap, fully hard now, as he feels the billionaire’s cock press against the seam of his ass with just enough pressure that he feel the head catch against his entrance.
His grip is tight, Steve can feel a slight stinging in his scalp at the pressure, but Tony isn't pushing him away so he takes this as a go ahead to start sucking. That earns him a groan, and Tony spreads his legs apart and pushes his hips up into the warmth of Steve’s beckoning mouth. Clearly he has no objections.
Once the brownies were done and packaged up, they made their way to Steve’s old church house. Tony looked over the shrubbery, eying the old fashioned looking church building. The establishment looked like it was from the early 1900s, with chipped brownstone bricks littered with vines and ivy, and a white spiral tower with a rusty bell inside. The building might have once been architecturally impressive, but it looked like it hadn’t been properly maintained in decades.
“Peggy?”
“If memory serves me right, I believe someone owes me a little favour.”
“New job, huh?” Bucky said, brow wrinkled. He sat up, setting the half-empty bowl of junk food aside to focus on Steve. “What exactly is this new job if yours anyway, how can we afford all this?” His eyes narrowed on Steve. “You didn’t join the mob, did ya? Or are you selling drugs on the side?”
Tony visibly froze, blinking at the super soldier as if his brain was trying to compute the words that were just spoken to him.
When the flask was half empty, Tony twisted around on the hood of the car so that he could face Steve properly, resting his weight on his elbow as a worrying grin played on his lips.
His roommate raises an eyebrow at his antics but decides not to comment, nudging at Steve’s leg with his knee. “Scoot over, I made dinner.”
“What, for real? I know Captain America’s supposed to be all wholesome and virtuous, but you have to have gotten some tail.”
He turned to Natasha with a triumphant smile.
Steve wrinkled his nose at her vulgar choice of words. “I’m not forcing anything. I’m asking him if he wants to do things together, and he decides if he wants to go or not. It’s not like I’m holding him at gun point.”
Bucky scoffed, but there was a faint curl of his lips, hinting at a smile.
He knows the layout of the building pretty much by heart at this point, so finding the filming room doesn’t take him long. It’s unlocked, so he just let’s himself in and leaves the door open behind him.
He sees Tony’s Adam's apple bob as he swallows thickly. He seems to mull it over, but its obvious his attention is more focused on the 200 lbs of solid muscle planted firmly on his knee than coming up with another excuse.
He decides to drop by work later in the afternoon, stopping by the local Starbucks to grab some coffee before heading down to Stark studios. Thinking that he might come off a little strange bringing coffee in for Tony on his day off he grabbed a few extra lattes to hand out so it didn't seem as obvious that he was only going there to see Tony.
Tony watched the strong muscles of Steve’s jaw and throat work as he swallowed thickly, showing a vulnerability that Steve would never display on the battlefield.
“Hey, good to see you Jolly green, but mind not crushing me while you kick ass?” Tony asked, clinging desperately to a chunk of steel wall that was just barely holding together to keep himself upright.
He’d missed a chunk of it, too busy seeing stars to pay much attention to it, but now Steve was untied and on his knees, Natasha’s catsuit pulled down past her thighs to expose her juicy bits while the blond went down on her. Tony turned it off and closed the browser.
“Right, sorry. I was a bit busy, you know how it is.” He said sardonically, making a beeline for his liquor cabinet to pour himself a double shot of bourbon.
“That’s exactly why I think that. I’m the dangerous playboy, you’re the charming hero.” He pointed out with a smirk.
The team scuttled into formation at their leaders order, scrambling to get into their designated position as the giant lizard monster swiped its long, bulky arm around and toppled another building, the rubble falling into the concrete and erupting into a cloud of dust and asphalt.
Steve blinked, trying to keep up with this guy. Jesus, did he even breath in between sentences?
(See the end of the chapter for
So sir Punch-A-Lot had been working out. Go figure.
, Steve’s brain supplied for him, but he shook that thought away just as quickly as it popped into his head. He couldn’t flirt with his boss, not even in his own head.
“I think you missed the turn.” He pointed out.
Tony was down in the Bio-engineering lab with Bruce, exchanging genius ideas with the lovable doctor.
Rumlow smirks maliciously. “I never said that.”
Steve nodded, “Can I uh…” He muttered, pointing at his pile of clothes on the floor.
“What the hell is going on here?”
The walk there was mostly spent in silence, aside from a bit of small talk about Tony’s latest project which Steve only pretended to hold an interest in because honestly, he had no clue what the hell Tony was talking about.
Tony pulled back with a chuckle and glanced up at him through his lashes, swiping his tongue over his lips. “That’s sort of the point.”
There was no gag stuffed in his mouth this time, which was a damn shame, but the band of black silk fastened over his eyes still painted a pretty picture.
Steve makes his way up to Tony’s office after handing out the extra coffees to a very appreciative Nat, Pepper and Sam, riding the lift all the way to the top floor. Sometimes Steve wonders if 88 floors is necessary to run an adult film business, but the view from Tony's office is certainly a plus.
She sang, dipping her hand down to tentatively touch her finger to Steve’s desperate cock.
Steve can’t fight the grin as he watches him leave.
“Look, Stark’s not the easiest man to get along with. He’s a hot-heated, self-righteous and destructive little bastard.” She started off, but then her expression softened. “But he’s not a bad person once you break through his armor and actually get to know him.”
He’s only wearing his jeans, which are undone and riding low on his hips like something straight out of a pinup poster. It’s not like he intentionally went shirtless just to play dirty, he just couldn’t find it, that’s all.
Steve was at a loss for words, extremely flattered and more than a little shock that he was one of the top actors on the site now. Sure, he knew he was a good-looking guy, but Stark Studios was a huge company, and to get a spot in the top 5 in just a few short months seemed completely surreal to him.
It wasn’t exactly easy to just erase the last 40 years of neglect he’d had to endure because of Howard’s obsession with Captain America, but at least now Tony was actively trying to leave water under the bridge. He still had his doubts about allowing Steve into his personal circle, but for the most part he wasn’t trying to rile the Captain up every chance he got, so there was some progress.
Still, after weeks of convincing him to leave his crappy little apartment in Brooklyn and move into Avenger’s Tower with the big guns, Tony managed to get the stubborn super soldier to take up residence.
But his dislike of the national hero wasn’t only due to their first head-butting on the Helicarrier when the Chitauri invaded.
He doesn’t know how long Mr. Stark expects him to last, but if he keeps looking at him like that it wont be long.
“You’ve been staring at me for five minutes straight now, I thought I had something on my face.” Steve smiled, fingers brushing across his chin. “That, or your brain finally short circuited.”
Without thinking he shot up and ran towards reception, Sam instinctively followed at his heels. The front entrance of the building was a large, open space with minimalist decorating, so Steve could easily see the familiar chin-length chestnut hair tied back in a loose ponytail and metal arm peeking through a rolled up sweater from behind the glass panels,
The nudity wasn't the problem for him, he played sports in college and generally didn’t have anything to be self conscious about, but the idea of doing this kind of thing with someone else in the room was a bit daunting.
Back at the compound, the team made their way into the tower, covered in gross lizard goop as they shuffled into the lounge room.
Steve fought the blush that threatened to spread across his face at that last comment. “Even if she was interested, I’m not really looking for a date right now.” Steve muttered, glancing down at a small, white cat with yellow eyes that jumped up next to him, rubbing its face against the back of his hand. He gave the cat a gentle pat.
Steve didn't know how he got here, and he didn't care. That should probably have rung alarm bells, given how his days usually went, but...he inhaled, nibbling the ear of the naked woman spooned up against him, kissing her neck. Her shampoo smelled green with notes of leather, and she used a moisturizer that subtly blended sandalwood and... oh, Christ,  He didn't care. The stuff on top, the oak and peat and expensive-smelling citrus, was nothing to the overwhelming scent of sex and
“Aw, I think it’s cute how they’ve found a way to advertise how weird things are between the two of them,” I said.
“Why is that here? And why is it wearing a bunny suit?” Leave it to Steve to ask the important questions.
Then will they be exempt and free
“Did you not hear me, or did the latest patch delete a critical subroutine? I want you to take off that awful shirt, and I want you to unbuckle your belt, undo your pants, and bend over that table.”
She said, “Well, we’re kind of exhausted by your obscure-holiday binge this summer… what about Hanukkah?”
It started in the workshop. It didn't finish there.
Besides, Steve doing exactly as expected and asked might be so out-of-character that he was pretty sure that it would break any A.I. that had any data on him whatsoever.
"Forgive me, please forgive me, I'm so sorry, I didn't know..."
come, not if his life depended on it, his body twitching and filling with light as the world blacked out for a minute.
“I don’t know what’s cuter, the thought that you think you’re fooling any of us for a second, or that you’re still in denial yourself. Are you really the last to know, Angel?” he teased.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You could have just texted me, you know. Should have just texted me. All right, I’m handling it from here. I’ve set up an alert if anything major changes. In the meantime, cease all recording and monitoring of the interior of this pod until my say-so.”
“You’re weird about that. It’s not like they haven’t seen worse. Or they care.”
My wife choked on her tea.
“So... “ she asked. “Did you see Alicia’s statue? She’s really curious about what they did for January. Father Time? Baby New Year? Or did they just give up and put up a billboard about Stark’s pining?”
“In November, you begin to know how long winter will be.”
Well… everyone but one person. Of fucking course.
Tony grinned. “I knew you’d see it my way. Now, enjoy the view, I’m turning around, I’m puttering, I’m puttering...” He began to whistle in what he probably thought was an aimless and innocent manner, something in G major.
Well, one leaf.
It wasn’t my most inspired effort (that was a Hindu holiday in August, but stupid mafia was doing Their Thing), but even the hickiest rubes from the ass end of Cooter Lake knew what a dreidel is, and our Jewish friends seemed to love it.
Tony pulled away. “Steve… this isn’t enough. It wants more. Maybe?”
“One minute, eight seconds. Put yourself together. I know you have a mirror on you. You know where my room is. I’ll expect you at 2200.”
As I talked, I shot a tight, concentrated beam from my finger into the pile of sand and welded the glass outline of a heart into it, wrote AJ + RD + VA + PWH inside the heart, then shoved the whole mess into the wall and ran the oubliette protocol I’m not supposed to know about.
“Inspired? Amazing?” I really needed it to be one of those. “The best thing ever?”
Tony grinned. “I bought a
So, we were letting it run its course. Maybe I should have let Vision have his way. As enchanted Tony looks around the statue, when Steve is around, he gets equally wistful.
“I’m sorry, what?” Tony demanded, but something inside him must have understood, because his hands were scrabbling at his belt buckle and parting the zipper of his bespoke suit and his cock had sprung to attention as if he were 16 again.
. And stop checking out Wanda’s butt, Simon, there are mirrors all over this room. Have some class.”
? Steve shook his head. “No. You don’t need to talk.”
Steve stood up. “All right. If you’re so sure about this hush field, let’s test it.”
Tony forced himself to look up. There was nothing at all wrong with Steve’s poker face. “Ah,” Steve said. “That… makes sense. I was… anyway. So.”
“I… you’re sure? I really wanted… I mean, I really thought...”
Finally, Halloween was here. Tony had insisted we do a great reveal of the ballroom, before the party guests come around. This had better be good and not any kind of last, desperate measure. Or Angel was never going to talk to me again.
“Do we have?” asked Steve. Tony only smirked, leaning back and handing Steve a small bottle from… well, only Tony knew where. Steve flipped the cap open, pouring a generous pool into the palm of his hand, warming it, then dipping his fingers to coat them.
“I am not,” Steve replied. “‘Cosh’ is not even a verb. That doesn’t even begin to get near the top twenty reasons I’m not going to do that. No.”
― Charmaine J. Forde
Lay a little epidurium on me, baby.” Wait. His worldview shifted as pieces slotted into place.
― Arzum Uzun
“Pretty sure ‘can’t’ isn’t in our vocabulary, Sweet Cheeks,” said Tony, grinning wickedly. “Hmm, no,” he added thoughfully. The suit behind Steve shifted to sit astride the bench, pulling him until he was leaning against its chest, leaning them both back. His arms were still pinned behind him.
VANCE:
“No, I mean--- the suit. It’s
Steve blinked. “What?”
“Why, Steven Grant Rogers, I do believe this isn’t your first rodeo. Who knew?” Steve grinned, then his brow furrowed with concentration as he snaked his hand through Tony’s thighs to slide between his cheeks and rest two fingertips against the pucker of Tony’s asshole, rubbing gently and watching Tony’s face intently. Tony inhaled. “Yes. That’s… what it wants.”
"Hey, Cap, don't you have a briefing to finish up? You can fill me in later, I've got some important business to attend to elsewhere." Tony's smiling like a shark, dead-eyed, projecting "don't come any closer" at Steve like a searchlight.
Steve was glaring at him now, and Tony sighed. "Alright, so it's gonna be like that. That's fine." Tony stepped back, letting Steve go. He slapped him across the face, shaking the pain of the impact out of his hand. Steve recoiled, hand coming up to hold his injured cheek and Tony grabbed it, dragging him to their bedroom as Steve protested.
"Not a promise," he argued, voice far too breathy for a simple housewife going about her chores, "a threat. I don't have tits."
He ran the back of his hand teasingly down Steve's shaft and slapped once at his balls, making him yip in distress and buck his hips up to get away from it. It was a fruitless effort of course, because pain is nothing like crop dusting a fart, but it was fun to watch him try regardless.
Once Steve had all the dishes in the water, he moved over to the fridge, after which it was fairly mundane. Steve was just checking expiration dates, but when he finished with the top shelf and moved down the second, he had to bend over, which gave Tony a great view of his ass. He wolf whistled and Steve stood straight.
Steve's eyes widened as Tony fell back against the pillows and pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes.
He threw Steve onto the bed and crawled in next to him. "Bronze."
"Oh, was that a slip up? Must be good if you've forgotten your manners."
He looked like he was hesitating, so Tony urged him on."Chop chop, honey. We haven't got all day."
Tony resisted the urge to sigh and knelt down onto the floor next to Steve so he could put the loop around his neck. He situated it nicely against his chest and over his thighs before he moved to the back to tie the strings into a pretty little bow. He patted what little of Steve's ass he could reach before standing again up to admire him from above.
Tony wasn’t the only one with gorgeous tits in the room, and she wanted to get her mouth on those babies STAT. Stevie wasn’t wearing a bra again today and her nipples were hard through the thin fabric of her shirt. Tony felt like she was practically salivating with need.
He obeyed, but his eyes were downcast and his face was red, another tear slipping down his cheek and onto his apron. Tony stepped forward and used a crooked finger to lift his chin, "Sweetheart." Steve jerked his chin away and Tony grabbed his face with both hands. "When I want you to look at me, it isn't a request, Steve."
Steve’s eyes widened and she shuffled forward on her knees and got into position on the pillow, lowering herself down and gripping Tony’s shoulders for support. She bit her lip, looking down into Tony’s eyes and Tony wrapped her arms around her and pulled her forward for a kiss.
Steve turned his head to look at the wall.
"What do we say, Steve?"
"Yeah… Yeah, I know that. I'm sorry I ruined everything."
The pain from the cuffs was already starting to work its magic and Steve's rowdy rattling simmered to an occasional clang against the metal of the bed frame. With that, Tony pulled Steve's ass into his lap and flapped the apron up to peek at Steve's cock, which was straining against his briefs and already leaking a spot of pre into the fabric. "All I've done is choke and cuff you and you're already this desperate? You're such a slut, Stevie." Steve whimpered at the insult and Tony pulled his briefs down, taking them off one leg at a time before tossing them aside.
“Then thank me by letting me shove my tongue inside of you. Unless you—unless you want to be the one to—” She seemed embarrassed now.
Steve kissed his head and then placed a second one on his temple, "You didn't ruin anything. You didn't feel good about it and that's okay. Now we know what works and what doesn't and if you want to try something else while we're still set up, we can?"
He's such a little shit. Tony's cock throbbed at his defiance and he gripped Steve's hips harder, pulling another faint sound of pleasure from him. "You wanna be smart about it, I can get the belt. I thought you wanted to be a good girl and get to eat the rest of your treats, but if you want to be bad, it won't bother me one bit to punish you."
Ever the punctual type, Stevie was there in six minutes and the last minute was really more on Tony because she took her sweet time getting to the door.
"You look so pretty, Steve. Is it really so bad?" Apparently it was, if Steve's disgruntled pout was anything to go by. Fortunately for him, Tony knows how to handle him and he knows what he likes, even if he enjoys being difficult when it comes to accepting it. "C'mon, why don't you get up off the floor and play the pretty little housewife, and when you've done all your chores like a good bitch, I'll give you a treat." He ran his fingers through Steve's hair. "Doesn't that sound nice?"
When Steve was done, he lifted Tony's hands up and pulled his shirt up over his head, going for his mouth like a desperate man. He kissed him hard and rolled his hips forward, moaning at the sensation of their hard lengths rubbing together and again as moving back no doubt shoved the plug in his ass up against his prostate.
symbolism? “We’re going to take this growing, breathing metaphor for eternal life and chop it the hell down, sing songs at it, then race to see who burns who to ashes first”?), and so by some mutual, unspoken accord, all our presents were placed around the statue’s feet. I’d dug up a splendid menorah (fine, chanukiah, if you’re a purist like Steve) the week before to put beside it – designed and painted by Chagall and worth somewhere between a Bugatti and a fighter jet (and completely unstable without an invisible cantilever system designed by some anonymous engineering genius my father spent decades tracking down without success) and painted the statue with symbols cribbed from a kid’s book from the library and a little bit of trompe-l'oeil to make my baby blockier.
“I only meant–”
Tony's lip was trembling. "Well, fuck," she said, "Steve. I love you and I knew I loved you since before I knew which end of the soldering iron not to put in my mouth---"
“It is January
“I appreciate that,” Steve said as the bots trundled to their recharging stations and powered their external sensors off.
“Do it.” The suit’s finger lingered on his asshole, then slowly began to push, back and forth, in and out, a little further in with each time. Steve forced himself to relax as the sensitive skin clung to the finger, never blinking as he stared heatedly at the eye slits of the mask. The suit pushed its middle finger against his asshole. In the background, Tony’s breathing abruptly caught, and he heard Tony kick himself in the chair across the room. “Tony, what are you…” But the suit crooked its fingers within Steve, and he closed his eyes as his whole body flexed.
Steve nodded curtly. “That’s good.” His own standing appointment was tomorrow afternoon, barring the usual supervillainous tomfoolery that always seemed to come up. “Hold --”
“True,” Steve gritted out, “Logan… Logan’s the sassiest bitch this side of,” he cast about, flailing, “Sherlock Holmes, or something.”
“Red, yellow… green?” Just because Steve didn’t like to be tied up didn’t mean they didn’t find themselves in need of a safe word or three once in a while.
“It looks lovely,” Tony said. For heaven's sake. How was this possible? He was no longer making any attempt at keeping up the facade. As I told Vision as much, he said “Would now be the opportune time to talk to him about it?”
Now, I am completely aware of my reputation in meta and non-meta circles alike for being a bit of a dick. I relish it, in fact. You can’t save the universe without using every means at your disposal and that fact that you’re here to judge me for it absolutely justifies that. But I pay for it, and I am sure I will pay for my deliberately waiting until my wife took a long swig of her hot chocolate before I said, “And, speaking of using the statue to telegraph the state of their relationship, it was completely butt-naked today. I think it will be for a while.”
He wasn’t going to make it out of here.
“Uh-huh,” Tony replied, dazed. “More?” They fell on each other’s mouths,  groping, grinding, rutting against each other’s erections, shuddering and hissing as they found the sensitive spots on necks and earlobes.
SIMON:
Justice’s voice became clearer every second. “Hank left us the water-soluble paint. Guaranteed not to stain Tony’s precious marble boy after it comes off. It already looks quite nice, but the whole display is still a bit tame.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “I’m texting your phone. Ugh, and buying you a new phone, how old is that dinosaur? Please tell me it isn’t registered to vote, it probably has terrible opinions about libertarianism.” His eyes unfocused briefly. “Oh… oh.” He looked up at Steve. “I’m going to try something. Don’t freak out.” He slid his hand around Steve’s forearm, then stroked his fingers down to trace Steve’s palm and fingertips, his eyes never leaving Steve’s.
“We need to talk, Tony,” Steve said, and how could eyes look so
But this is different.
“Oh! No, no, no, you misunderstand me, o Vision of Earthly Delights. I bought it
Their intel had said the lab would be empty and Stark--- he would not think of him as “Tony,” that way madness lay--- would be on the ground in D.C.
urged the sinful, pleading eyes that met his. He pulled the candy cane bit from between those teeth. “My good boy. My good pet. Mine,” he murmured, finally kissing Tony fully, cradling his face, pushing his tongue into the still-mint-cooled mouth. He felt Tony’s lips move under his as if smiling, and Tony began to enthusiastically lick his face, all over. He gasped with silent laughter. ‘Not finished yet?” he groaned. “All right, boy, come on.” He straightened up and led his still-damp paramour on all fours to the bedroom, towel slung over his neck.
“I know you love that film.”
Steve winces at the last name. He's fucked up, he's fucked up big time, and this is the blow they will never come back from, the final betrayal. Tony takes two steps into his personal space, holding his pointer finger stiff like he's going to knock Steve over with it. "Steve... shut up and kiss me."
"Oh... oh, God, please..." he gasped, grabbing at her hips, stilling her, "If you keep doing that, I'm not going to last, and I think I need to taste you..."
1: We didn’t do anything for that one but don’t think we weren’t tempted. I think Stark actually sent a card with a “small” donation in Steve’s name anyway.
“You’re not wrong. But you’re not right… yet. Because you have this hang-up about being recorded, and today, I just get to…
“Yeah. Yeah, I do.” And then his friend, the man he trusted beyond life once upon a time, did the unthinkable, the thing that Stark would never, not in a million, a trillion years begin to dream his best friend was capable of.
“No!” Steve ordered. “You’re not coming yet.” And miraculously, his orgasm, as inevitable as a plummeting stone, shuddered to a stop.  “You’re going to tell me what you want, Tony. I want to hear it from you.”
“Vance.” That was her ‘I love you, or else I would…’ voice. “I think putting a replica of the armor on the statue now is…”
“Three guesses. And the first two don’t count,” said Jan.
“You’re going to come when I let you come, not before,” Tony snarled. Somehow, he was standing over Steve’s prone form, jerking his own impressive erection at a furious speed. “You’re going to lie there while I fuck you with the suit and hold you down with the suit and I’m going to watch you get just fucking
Panic surged onto Tony’s face and he struggled to sit up.
“Today is the first of August. It is hot, steamy, and wet.”
“Where do you even get a 20-foot bunny suit?” Hank asked.
Tony complied, biting Steve’s and sending electricity jolting through his limbs, grounding him. Then pulled back, his eyes narrowed. “Don’t recall programming you to be so bossy, Bob.”
I smiled back. “Well, when you put it like that…”
---and found his wrist in a grasp of literal steel.
"Do I have a new therapist?" babbled the dark-haired woman in his arms, "I've got to send a fruit basket. I love my subconscious, this is the best dream ever," she reiterated. She wriggled back up against Steve. "Mm. Yes. Please."
Tony smirked like a cat who’d gotten tickets to the canary convention. He clapped twice.“Hey, everybody! Nap time for all the good little bots.”
“Steve…” Tony began. He blew out a breath. “This isn’t easy to say, at least in part because it’s so ridiculous. The gas we were exposed to… the way our bodies are responding… it was apparently a potent aphrodisiac.” He took another deep breath. “They’re saying the only way to get through this within any reasonable timeframe is to… well. To take care of business. Work it off, so to speak. So. Um.” He closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose with his left hand, his right hand still trapped in Steve’s, but, for all the enhancements he’d been bragging about, suddenly numb and unresponsive.
Tony grinned up at him. “Cool, huh? I know you were holding back, but now we can set up a guard for people we’ve rescued, if we can’t get them somewhere safe and we need to be elsewhere. It’s got potential civilian applications, too. Now, give me back my wrench and hell-o, Captain!” Tony had managed to brush against the bulge in his pants. Great.
"Nobody ever actually says that, Tony."
“Sure, Tony!” Steve dropped out of his little barbershop quartet and grabbed my elbow. “So where’s that dip you were raving about?” Without moving his lips and pitched to reach my ears only, he murmured, “What’s up?”
Tony huffed into his neck. “Yeah, so it’s been a while. Little busy, here. Mmm, I know they said they were working on the smell thing, but God, you’re
“Yes, but no.”
"Yes, but... Tony, there's no going back after this. If we make love, you're
"Excuse me, please," he blurts, and follows Tony. Behind him, Strange continues on as if uninterrupted, "--to resisting is to realize that reality has the potential to be even grander than we, with our narrow minds and wills, ever thought to dream..."
As he worked, he talked. “You are a dirty boy, aren’t you? Got yourself in a real mess, didn’t you, pet? You need me around to keep you out of trouble, don’t you, boy? How are we going to make it up to Clint? Should I let him use your pretty little mouth? Let him mount you like the animal you are?” He pinched Tony’s nipples and rubbed along his belly. “Hmm… not as finished as you thought you were, are you?” Steve’s hands glided along Tony’s growing erection, up his cock, fondling his balls, soaping up his crack, feeling his asshole pulse and pucker. He brought the sprayer around to rinse Tony clean. Tony whimpered and tried to press against him, fuck himself onto Steve’s wet cock. “No, no, pet, I’ll never use you like that again. I promised. It’s not right. You can’t understand.” Steve almost crooned the well-worn words, the mocking falseness ringing with a deeper, sinful promise, his blood rushing in his ears as he surveyed Tony’s glistening body.
A few months later, Tony will pretend to hold out a lot of very silly songs for the first dance at the wedding: "Iron Man;" "The Star-Spangled Man With a Plan;" The National Emblem march (which Tony insists upon singing as "The monkey wrapped his tail around the flagpole," because he was delighted to hear that those lyrics had been around when Steve was on the playground). But they both know the first song will be "Dream a Little Dream of Me."
on it while I get myself off and come all over that pretty face, those pretty tits of yours… ah!” And Tony was coming, hot drops streaking across Steve’s face and chest.
But in the left hand, we had another cloth flag to represent one more team member. It was pretty obvious, after all. But Steve had come over for the great reveal. Okay, he had been there for the team meeting anyway, and I had made the current getup of his stone alter-ego part of the itinerary. He was tagging along and there was no reason to stop him.
“Thank you, ma’am,” Steve said reflexively, flushing. He rubbed a palm over his forehead.
and the drumbeat of his heart a jolting echo in his cock as Tony’s breath hit his neck and he scraped his earlobe through his teeth.
---Lady Ise, 10th century C.E.
“Costumes. Yes, I know. I can’t help but know. In the meantime, some of us are doing real work that nobody can even begin to guess at. Kitty, did you know that I–”
“Winghead… this buckle, it’s impossible. Even without the greenery in the way.”
Okay, that was worth blinking about. Tony cocked his head.
“Not anymore, she’s not,” I snapped, then I think I blushed. “Stark. Drop it.”
So Steve stuck around, watching the easy and sometimes comical grace of his boyfriend in his element until, as the rhythm of the shop would have it, Steve scooted between two inert suits to gather the still-unseen-but-now-empty dishes just as a floating upload bar filled with green, and Tony blinked up at him and smiled. “Steve! Just the man! I was just thinking about you.”
Tony crawled into the shower. Steve followed. Tony strained toward his cock, but Steve tut-tutted. “No. I told you we won’t be doing… that… any more, you poor thing. Open.” Tony opened his mouth. “You like candy canes so much, hold this.” He shoved the candy cane, wrapper and all, between Tony’s teeth like a bit. “If it gets to be too much, spit this out.” Water poured over Tony’s body as Steve knelt to lather up his limbs and torso, reveling in the feel of slick soap over his lover’s skin, laving every nook and cranny. The motions themselves felt surprisingly businesslike, perfunctory, but on some level, there was a feeling of being on a roller coaster -- a prescribed path, but flying all the same. He could feel Tony trembling with the force of his desire to react.
“It has a lovely body, with legs so short and thin,” graveled Ben, “And when it gets all tired...” He somehow made it sound like a sea shanty. (I made a note to check for Asgardian “Irishing,” because the quantity of booze that would get the Thing’s 500 pounds drunk enough to sing should involve a bucket. A few buckets.)
down its maw? How many times has he thrown himself into a wall of fire, the path of bullets, onto a grenade without blinking?
. It’s right there in my name.”
Tony was shuddering, sweating, panting. He felt… reduced. He was thundering ears and straining cock, heavy balls, flying hands, tingling asshole, nipples wired, but most of all, he was eyes, being swallowed by Steve’s hungry gaze, the others milling about and murmuring at the edge of his vision. What if they could see him, reduced to this, this wanting… oh, God, the thought of it was so much… he didn’t want to care, didn’t want to make others a part of his perversion and yet that very thought... “St-Steve…” he grated out.
“Stop it. It’s sad enough that Tony tries so hard. I don’t know how Jan put up with it all those years.”
Steve tried to keep expression from his face. "You could say that."
“Wanda,” I asked, “are you all right? Do you require the Heimlich, dearest?”
“Ugh, boy, you
There were two faint dents on the far edge of the metal lab table, a little more than a meter apart. He put one hand over each dent, swallowing, unsurprised that the dents fit his hands perfectly. He was almost surprised that there weren’t cuffs (his cock bobbed at the thought). He swallowed. This was it. At least he didn’t have to see… no, wait, there was that damned mirror in front of them. He turned his face resolutely to the brushed steel surface of the table.
Ah. “I don’t really think we’ll be doing many costumes for this thing anymore, Steve. My heart’s just not in it. Not if people keep… taking it the wrong way.”
“You see…” and he pointed to me with a slightly-unsteady finger, “this man is deeply, terribly, tormentedly, and very lustily in love with you.”
Tony shrugged. “I can’t tell. I guess… my lips are tingling.” Steve touched them, and Tony jerked his head to the side. “Command, this is Stark. Any new information?”
“I... “ Steve hung his head. “I have a thing for the suit.”
I started to sneak out, but he said, “Hey,” softly, and I knew he’d heard me.
“Well?”
, and the suit pinned Steve’s hands behind him.
The click behind Steve’s ear was exactly nothing like the click of a lube bottle being opened, and the muzzle pressed to his head was very much the opposite of Tony’s warm, pliant mouth. Steve raised his eyes to meet the Director’s snarling reflection. “That’s not factory-standard plumbing you’re packing, pal. You have twenty seconds to tell me who you are and who sent you before I have the forensics division pluck the answers off your smoking corpse.”
“It’s just a costume.”
Not even in dreams,
“I know that handprint.” Hawkeye’s smug grin was exasperating. I knew Tony’s handprint too, when I saw it. Birthday spankings. Knowing Tony, it must have been irresistible. The joke I mean. Nothing more to it. I was grateful nobody suggested that we should go through with the tradition.
But--- Certain parts of his background, both before and after the serum, had made being immobilized in any capacity profoundly unsexy to Steve. He rarely had anything so uncouth as a panic attack, but their attempts at BDSM play in that particular direction fizzled at best. Yet here he was, held tight and aching to be touched. “It’s you.”
I believe I may never fully fathom the powers of my beloved, for, although I had sent the full sentence to my voder with no possibility of a glitch, after the look she gave me, my mouth was left open but my speech was somehow reduced to a near-silent creak. I made a note that we would, apparently, “talk later.”
for this newest mansion decoration.
“Yeah,” Steve sighed back, “wow. That was… intense. Are you okay?”
And they did, and at first it was stiff, weird and awkward, the weight of too much history and hope between them, but all of a sudden the walls melted within them, and it became like fighting together, near-telepathic connection and adrenaline rush. She was fierce and aggressive with her tongue, sucking and biting his lips and he had never been so vocal during sex, groaning and gasping and crisping his fingers behind her back. They clung to each other like they they did when they flew together: like both their lives depended upon never losing their grip.
“Nope. The moment is lost, Bob. Table.”
Tony’s jaw dropped. “You. Have. A. Thing. For. The. Suit.”
He forced Tony’s head down, rubbing his face in the paper. Holding him that way, he rolled up a
Tony would never have been able to sneak up on Steve on the best of days, but the gadget they’d given him to cloak him generated a sort of white-noise hum that masked even the vibration of footsteps through Steve’s boots. By the time he saw movement in the mirror in front of him, he’d been made. He forced himself to keep his muscles loose as he lifted his hands. He knew what would happen if he attacked Ton---
Steve considered the gap and weighed the situation. On one hand, going in like he’d been told to was almost certainly a trap of some sort. On the other, he didn’t know what Stark was testing, so would there be any benefit to getting past whatever he was testing?
She was smiling at the scene but her eyes told another story. I assumed this wasn’t Tony leaving it alone then.
“I think it would be a bit tone-deaf to put a silly costume on for Yom Kippur, Tony.”
Hard!”
I couldn’t make out yet who it was I could hear talking down the hall, but I figured I’d better scoot before they got in there.
I’m still waiting for him to try to use some of his beloved tech to make it come alive and love him, since the real Steve clearly doesn’t. Pygmalion 2000.
“What?” said Tony. “I mean, sure, but.. Here? Now?”
He breathed, focusing, rolling his neck, pushing down his anger and fear, looking around, thinking what he’d do to a bad pet. He gathered up the barest few necessities, made some quick preparations, and made his way to his pet, waiting outside Tony’s bedroom door.
“Tony… what do
“Where will you even put it?” Simon asked, his gesture somehow encompassing  the whole of the grounds. “You’re not going to knock out a ceiling, are you? That… monstrosity is too tall by about fourteen feet.”
Tony knew what he meant. “Steve… we don’t have lube. I don’t want to hurt you.”
Tony cowered and a shiver ran almost imperceptibly through his body. Steve snarled, slamming a copy of the police report down on the floor in front of his pet, “What. Did. You. Do?” Tony looked as if he was about to open his mouth and explain again. Steve shot him a quelling glance. He didn’t even need to say, “Pets don’t speak,” at this point -- the slight warning tilt of his head said it all.
“Wow,” Tony breathed, forehead against Steve’s.
Well. So much for dodging that little chat.
“A little bit late for that, I’m afraid,” he intoned in a mellifluous baritone that ought to have been rousing the troops for Saint Crispin’s Day. “But no harm, no foul, eh, old friend?” I narrowed my eyes. In my experience, Charles’ “old friend” was the direct equivalent of anyone else’s “You want some? COME GET SOME.”
"Good," she said, and impaled herself upon him. She locked eyes with him, and he felt surrounded by velvet heat and filled with light and a hundred other clichés, penetrated by her gaze and feeling every wave of pleasure as his own, every spasm of her orgasm squeezing him tightly and drawing him deeper until his vision went white and he came almost roaring her name. She collapsed on top of him, laying her head upon his chest.
Tony looked pained. “Look… just trust me, okay? Would I jeopardize my favorite 3/8th drive if I wasn’t absolutely sure it was okay?”
Friday’s amazing. I swear, I’ve seen her use the “zoom, enhance, change angle” feature until we got a good look at the bald spot at the back of the photographer’s head. However, there’s a level of snark that I am just not prepared to deal with on Tuesdays, and a catty, bratty AI who thinks she should answer only to her maker is about 93 stories above that level, so I walked a plate of vegan lemon bars to the reference desk at the Watson Library. One day, a supervillain will find out about reference librarians and that will be it, the End of Everything.
And what did I do? The only thing I could do. I did my best.
― T.S. Eliot
"And those fools are still in denial. All right, here's what you're going to tell them--- wait, no, tell Stark and make Steve pry it out of him..."
"I can do it again," he said, "Right now, if you want." She shook her head, smiling a little, and rolled him onto his back, laying on top of him. "Not now, Steve. It's time."
Steve spoke up. “The bisexual flag.” His smile was budding and were there – tears in his eyes?
“You… you didn’t mean what you said about Hawk -- about Clint. Did you?”
Steve muttered, “Jack Skellington,” and turned to Tony. He seemed dazed.
6: Ditto.
Tony brought out the big guns. How did his eyes get so
“So, who crowned Steve the Queen of May?”
Tony lifted his chin, met Steve’s eyes, and refused to blink. “Is that so? You think so?”
When she tried to bend to take him in her mouth, he shook his head and said, "Later." Then he gently spread his hand over her solar plexus to keep her lying down, kissing her belly down to the the damp, sable matting at her cunt, then taking a few long, slow tastes of her to gauge where she was best sensitive before sucking her clit into his mouth and flicking his tongue rapidly from side to side across it. She arched until she barely touched the floor, screaming and swearing and calling his name, fingers tangled in his hair, the taste and scent of her filling his senses and covering his face, until she pulled him up to lick her juices off his mouth. "God," she breathed, "that was incredible. Please, I want you to do that to me every day for the rest of my life. Are you good at that? Please say you're good at that. If you get any better, it would kill me."
“Oh! Oh, no, no, you’re fine. I love to talk about me, have you met me? Yeah, no, I can’t tell the difference, and no-one else has said anything.” He cocked his head. “Here.” He held out his right arm. “This is me, with armor. Go ahead, give her a squeeze. Not too hard,” he said, remembering some examples of the upper limits of super-soldier strength.
“What?” I said.
“Green. Green!” Steve gasped. Tony bit his lip.
“You know what we heroes never get to do? The one thing that makes me envy the villains?”
I met up with Sue for skating and cocoa at Rockefeller Center after the war council of the week. You have to take every chance at sweetness you can get when you live where we live.
Tony popped his visor and lifted an eyebrow. Steve shrugged. “‘Probably not cursed,’ she says. Okay, I’ll monitor our vital signs and pass them on to you. Keep me in the loop,” said Tony to the intercom, then turned to Steve. “Rack ‘em up. Where were we?”
And Tony's mouth drops open and for once, for one glorious moment, he is silent. "You gotta come back, Stark," Steve says, the Brooklyn leaking into his accent like it does in his quiet moments. "And then we gotta save the universe, because the universe ain't gonna save itself. But then we gotta come back and talk about the
“Everyone makes divine mistakes the lusty month of May!”
FIRESTAR:
Why did Tony buy that thing? “Irony,” he says, every time somebody mentions it. I knew I had been a fool for not saying no when Alicia had asked me to sit for a sculpture. I understood when Clint mocked me for the public’s obsessions. It was Clint. But Tony used to have more empathy…
And that was the problem with him and Tony. When they connected, it was like being one mind in two bodies, fighting, planning, reconnoitering… but sometimes, Tony (Stark, he reminded his rebellious mind) put up this wall of words, and… he’d go over them and make sense of them later, thank God for a eidetic memory and Starkipedia, but… yeah. No later here.
>confess I can’t wait to hear what they did for Flag Day.
Around the table, his teammates blink, dazed. Tony's pupils constrict like a flash has gone off. "All well and good, Mojo-Man, but I need to go to the little Avengers room like, right now," he snaps, "If you'll excuse me, gentlemen, ladies... Barton." Natasha's gaze follows Stark's retreating back with actual alarm, then she glares at Steve and at the door again. He is almost tempted to feign confusion.
Okay, well, in actual combat these days, it’s more like “fry first, ask questions later,” but talking’s different.
Tony blinked. “What?”
,” only inspiring Tony to take him deeply into his mouth as Steve chanted, “Yes, yes, yes,” and alternated calling Tony’s name and God’s, his fingers buried in Tony’s hair as Tony rubbed against Steve’s leg.
in the weapons lab. There were precautions.
“No. I refuse to even think it. Captain America does not make dick jokes,” said Firestar.
He was leaking. He was so hard his cock defied gravity, grazed his belly.
Tame? The statue was painted red, white, and blue all over. It had more stars and stripes than the original Cap costume ever did. It surely had taken some hints from circus attire. If it had been caught up in a flag factory explosion, it would’ve looked less spangled.
