Knocking on their bedroom door, Tony picked Sammy up from Steve's chest, only slightly protectively holding him.
"Hey," He started, "when you found me the first time, did you happen to see a piece of armor that looked like a face lying around?"
"I'll do everything I can to make it worth it for you, Steve. That's a promise." Tony whispered, placing a soft kiss on Steve's forehead.
With that and a soft smile, Tony leaned down to lay a quick kiss against the merman's lips, pulling away with a smirk and a wink.
"I love you too, Papa," Peter replied seriously, only rolling his eyes when Sammy babbled after him, "I think Sammy says I love you too."
"Yes, you are," Tony laughed, tugging Peter into his laugh, "You used to be a kisser, baby. You gave Papa kisses every night before bed and me every morning when you woke up."
"You good, babe?" Tony hummed, flicking his tongue out at Steve's slit as he pulled off, "I love you, y'know. Love your taste."
"I'm sorry Tony, but I actually was on my way to work." Steve said, almost regrettably. "I had only come by real quick to give you your mail. I didn't think I'd meet my...soulmate.".
"No baby, he's been trying to get up lately, and he fell over and hurt his knee," Tony explained, showing Peter the band-aid, "He's fine, lovie."
"Yeah, he just might. We'll have to see in the morning." He smiled softly. "Okay, let’s get you tucked in and I can read you a quick Christmas-y story before bed."
He helped the boy go and wash his hands, ruffling his hair in praise as they headed off toward the slide.
"I love you too, so fucking much. I don't ever want us to go through anything like that again." He breathed, hugging Tony close, regardless of the man being soaked.
"Well, obviously he needed someone to talk harsh to him because being nice apparently hadn't helped." Bucky murmured softly. "I did it for his best interest and to protect my best friend. He needed that. He needed to see things could be a hell of a lot worse. He is brilliant, but he can be so bullheaded and blind sometimes."
Steve hummed in approval, eyes locking on the rings in amusement. "So, you wore them? You wear them well, baby." He purred.
The blond panted softly against Tony's lips in the kiss, humming quietly at the taste. He reached up to gently cup Tony's face, pushing forward slightly to make the kiss a little deeper. Tony chuckled and let Steve have his way, swiping his tongue over the roof of the blond's mouth before pulling away.
"Yeah, yeah, it’s your turn munchkin. You were patient. Why don't you start with the small ones and work up to the big ones?" He suggested, that way it lead up to the room in size when they would get to it.
He leaned down to kiss at Steve's jaw, grumbling loudly when the phone began to ring. He grabbed it, pouting as he clicked the button to confirm the call.
He smiled warmly in greeting at the young woman in the front, she giving him a knowing look and a smirk as she glanced at the two men's hands together. Steve simply shrugged happily, the woman smiling back in a silent exchange as she showed them to their seat. Tony slipped in the booth across from Steve, completely oblivious to their exchange.
"Yes, let's invite our friends into our bathtub," Tony snorted, tugging Steve out of the room and down to the first floor, "Down here's the living room and a movie room, kitchen, laundry, the boring stuff."
"He'll learn. He isn't at the average age yet for talking, so this much is great." The blond explained, carefully cuddling Tony.
Steve obeyed, slipping out of his pants and his boxers and kicking them to the side and reaching at Tony's pants button.
He chuckled softly, checking over things in his cart before adding other essentials, ending up in front of the paddle aisle.
"I'm just saying she'd kick your ass if she heard you calling anyone, especially yourself, a slut or whore." He said, shuddering a bit. "I don't even like it coming out of my mouth."
"I got's a penguin, too! Can I show Auntie Tasha my penguin, Papa?" Peter asked as he bounce with excitement.
Steve swooped in and kissed Tony's lips before they were in the living room. "And that talk is a promise, too. Can't believe you made him think I could be a girl. Seriously?"
"Sammy, don't cry. Bubba doesn't feel good." Steve explained as he drove home. "But Peter, you're okay around him. People can't catch allergies from others, munchkin."
"That means sink baths!" Steve said happily. "I love it when they are little enough you can clean them in just a sink."
"After that, Pops found out about my situation and was more than happy to help move my stuff from Howard's house." Tony smiled fondly. "Even gave the jerk a good talking to.".
Tony returned to his spot behind Steve, slicking up his fingers quickly and sliding one into Steve's entrance, massaging his hip with his other hand.
“Agreed. That’s… That’s probably best.” Tony nodded, reluctantly agreeing as he laid back down on the palette beside the other. “JARVIS, try to get Stephen Strange on the horn, would ya? Relay that its important.”
Steve looked back at the man carefully, taking the hint and wandering over to the other side of the room to play with the bot.
Tony waved his hand over the cart, fingers dancing along the shelves till he found what he was looking for; he pulled down a medium-sized vibrator, a pale blue color.
"Deal." Tony mimicked warmly, standing up on his feet. "I'll meet you here, say, tomorrow afternoon? When the sun is out and warm and I won't catch cold or worse?"
“I know, that's why I am worried.” Tony murmured, sighing when Steve laid a reassuring hand on his shoulder.
"We were just happy because we'd like another baby to take care of along with you. But..." Steve paused, swallowing heavy. "We won't have another if you really don't want us to, Peter." He said softly.
"Of course I worry about you. Peter, too. You guys are all I got." Steve whispered softly, kissing Tony's lips again gently. "I love you and I don't want you to hurt any more than you already do. Just want to help all I can."
ask me to marry you." He chuckled sweetly. "But it’s good because I love you too. Makes it less awkward."
"Papa was right. You has a tattoo on you dere." He pointed out, pulling Tony's collar down slightly to see as they ended up in the living room.
"Mmm, I'm an ugly sleeper, you know that," Tony muttered, tossing a pillow over his face, "Feelin' better? Less sore?"
Steve just laughed silently, staying quiet until the cartoon had ended. Peter then cleared his throat and faced the others.
They parted after a moment to breathe, Tony's forehead resting against Steve's as he looked into asking, ocean blue eyes.
"Shit. Shit shit shit." He said quickly, rushing to find his clothes. "Damn it, I don't have time to shower and I have to get my uniform on, which is in my apartment. God, my boss is going to have my ass," he spouted nervously, running around like a chicken with his head cut off.
"You didn't speak," Tony muttered, "You didn't say live penguins. Did I miss you saying live penguins?"
"Get some sleep, and when you wake up I'll take your temperature," Tony hummed, smooching his temple, "I'll be back later."
"You're always good t'me, baby, so good." Tony pulled back to undo the buttons on Steve's shirt, helping him take it off before dropping it on the floor, followed by his own shirt.
The blond nodded in understanding, looking back at the drawings a little embarrassed even if he didn't remember drawing them.
Tony slithered out of bed and pulled on new briefs and sweats, waiting for Steve to tug up his own before putting their clothes in the hamper and unlocking the door.
"It would work. As long as we wouldn't need it for guest or anything. The natural light is perfect.” He hummed, kissing Tony's temple. "Next room?"
"You think you can handle a bath, Pete?" Tony asked softly, smiling at the boy's mumble, "Or do you need me to help you?"
, since he didn't recognize the name. He took his mail inside and walked to deliver the other's mail, knocking on the apartment door casually.
." Steve purred back, running his hands along Tony's sides. "My goodness, 'm speechless, babe. You're gorgeous.”
"He really wants to chew your fingers, Pete." Steve chuckled. "He won't be satisfied until he has chewed on all of our fingers. And it really isn't bad. Just a bit slobbery."
"Sorry officer, I don't have no lawyer," Tony murmured, slowly unbuttoning his shirt, "Isn't there anything I can do? I can't go back to jail.”
He yawned, easily settling into comfortable sleep. Steve drifted soon after, content smile on his lips as he was enveloped in Tony's warmth.
He slipped into the driver's seat, waiting for Steve to get settled before backing down the driveway to head the psychiatrist's office. Reaching over, Tony took Steve's hand, rubbing his thumb over his knuckles. Steve looked over to Tony gently, giving Tony's hand a squeeze to try and calm his husband's nerves. He could feel them through his touch.
Miss Potts smiled back at the two, standing and straightening up her skirt. "I'll go make sure she isn't in the middle of something and let her know you're here."
"Hmmm..." Steve grumbled softly in half sleep, snuggling up closer to Tony. He nuzzled up against Tony's shoulder, kissing it lazily.
Tony chuckled. "Well, I sure could manage it just got do some schematics... Oh! That's all at my house, though." He realized. "I can go get them and come back later tonight!".
"Yeah....." He crawled out of bed and went over to the desk, shuffling through the bottom drawer till he found the red collar, clipping it around his neck.
said I woul'n' know!" Peter huffed, pouting up at Steve through his curls, "Buh I g'ess if y'say so, you's can stays Papa."
"M'sorry." Steve choked out through a moan, trying to hang through until Tony managed to make it to his high.
Tony nodded, and once his stomach settled, he stood on shaky legs, barely getting up the stairs to brush his teeth of the rancid taste. He coughed again, closing his eyes at the small wave of nausea.
Steve hummed sweetly. "You are going to spoil me, I swear." He chuckled, petting Tony's hair. "Spoil me rotten..."
"I'm a grown man, Pepper. I can have friends over." Tony scoffed without much heat behind it. "Besides, he isn't one of those kind of friends. I've gotten to know him over this past week and a half, and he is hanging around to visit."
"Wait, so you like me back? Then why have you been avoiding me like the plague for the past week and a half?".
"I gotcha muffins, Daddy!" Peter exclaimed, pointing at the box of goodies, "An' Papa gotcha a scones, 'cause you likes 'em."
"Stevie!" Tony exclaimed, faux horror on his features, "I cannot-- on school property? You're barely eighteen, and you're fucking around with that boy? I should use my belt on you for that. Honestly, Steven."
"Daddy, stay with him while I go get the stuff to help his booboo." He said seriously as he headed upstairs.
"Of course you're not. Neither am I. I just know that there are people who don't wanna know." He explained softly. "Otherwise I would. I
Sammy hummed non-committedly, reaching up to pat Steve's face. He snuggled down next to Steve, happy that he finally got his Papa all to himself.
Up at the lounge, Peter was getting tired of TV, squirming around in Steve's lap until he got comfortable, letting his eyes drift shut, even if only for a second. Steve looked down his lap at the boy, moving them slightly before he had the chance to fall asleep. He stretched out on the couch, letting Peter lay on his chest.
"And possibly marriage counseling," he continued quietly, "So someone else can help me--us--do this. So I don't feel so alone."
"Y'know, I'm pretty sure the paint is dry now." He pointed out, tracing small shapes on Tony's skin.
"Anything and everything that involves panties," Tony purred, flipping himself on top of Steve, "Pretty please, officer."
Steve gave his remaining swats, making them hard like Tony wanted, setting the paddle aside when he was done and pulling Tony close to him. Tony choked back a sob when he was pulled up, burying his face in Steve's neck, even though he knew Steve would be able to feel how wet his face was.
"C'mon, baby. Doin' good, c'mon." Steve panted, leaning to bury his face in the crook of Tony's neck as he thrusted nice and strong against the man's sweet spot.
Peter ran up to Tony, automatically climbing onto his lap and snuggling into Tony's chest. Sammy noised and giggled, reaching out to play with the little bear ears on Peter's onesie.
Sammy gurgled back at Steve, reaching out to grab his formula. Peter skipped into the kitchen and went up on his tiptoes, looking up at Steve.
"Tony, you're looking at me like a hungry shark. How else am I supposed to look?" Steve admitted, noticing an embarrassed expression quickly flash passed in the brunet's eyes.
Tony slept deeply, waking up slowly as he was tucked into Steve's chest. He yawned softly, nudging his chin with his head.
"I was just amazed. Amazed you had stood up like that for me." Steve said thankfully, petting at Tony's hair. "I like my job as your PA and stay at home husband better. I don't have angry Germans trying to put me down."
"It's-- well, it's kinda hard to explain. But basically, I could get off if you tied me up, didn't touch me, and got yourself off and all I could do was watch," Tony explained gently, "Or, you making me touch myself, and you just
"It’s okay. You're my big boy, it’s okay." He assured. Wanna watch a Disney movie instead? We could watch Atlantis or Treasure Planet? Whatever one you want bubby."
"Auntie Peppah's comin'?" Peter gasped, wriggling down from Steve's arms, "Daddy, we gots t'hurry up an' get
attracted to your shyness it’s unbelievable," Tony murmured, kissing the moles on Steve's neck, "I love it."
"Well, it felt amazing, so thank you for that." He murmured, eyes closing again for the moment. "Just
"Pfft." Steve laughed, kissing Tony back. "I think I'm much different than that first time. Learned quite a bit since then, as you know." He hummed, tracing shapes on Tony's skin.
"Oh, mine! Well, it’s um--" he cut himself off, trying to pull his shirt down just enough to show the tattoo on his left pec without getting out of uniform.
"I know. Or at least, I hoped." Steve answered, grinning back just slightly. "Now c'mere. Join me in my blanket cocoon."
"At least we know where Sammy learned it," Tony laughed, letting Peter scramble over into Steve's lap.
"Oh. I was wond'rin' why I gots big clothes." Peter said thoughtful, getting into his actual clothes. "Dees fit much betterer." He proclaimed, straightening the shirt and pants.
"It’s fine, really. I'm just not used to it." He explained softly. "But if you're really my soulmate--and okay, have to get used to saying that, too-- then I am sure I can get used to it before long.".
"Well then, when did you plan to introduce us, Tony?" The strawberry-blonde hummed, her expression softening towards Steve as she held out a hand for a shake. "I'm Pepper Potts. CEO of Stark Industries and a close friend of Tony's."
"You're doing great, baby." Steve praised, whispering against Tony's ear, speeding up his movements.
Steve nodded softly, leaning in the touch. He reached to cover them up under the blankets, snuggling up again.
He stopped before he got ahead of himself. "Everything will be sorted when we actually get things started."
Steve wrapped his arm around Tony and looked out the window. "It’s a nice view of everything up here. And you can see the sun set from this direction..."
"I wasn't, but if it gets you to blush like that, I'll fuck you anywhere in public.” Tony smirked, dragging Steve over to his apartment, practically tossing him in and slamming him into the wall.
"Fuck," Tony groaned, tilting his head to give Steve more room, "Please, god, mark me up, baby, all yours--"
"I know, it’s just, he's always talking about Daddy. Daddy this, Daddy that." Steve explained as he stood. "Last night, he was acting
"How you have such strength, I'll never know," Tony chuckled, "Come on in, Doc. I'll get my checkbook."
"Sammy's bald?" Peter said with a gasp as he came back into the room. "What happened to 'is hairs???"
"After New Year’s we'll call around." Steve whispered to Tony sweetly, leaning in to kiss him happily then snuggling Peter gently. "We'll interview some potentials and work from there." He hummed.
"Good. That'll help with your surprise later tonight. Because I would like you to be coherent and know what’s going on." Steve hummed sweetly, taking himself one more shot as well.
"Hey there." Steve said with a sigh, falling back on the bed. "Little bear's asleep. You sent the other out?" He asked softly. "I'm still miffed at Clint and Bucky."
Tony managed to bite his lip in time to keep his sobs in, clinging to Steve's shirt; A few tears leaked out of his eyes.
It was starting to burn a little, but not too badly. Tony beat himself up on the inside, letting the blooming ache take his guilt.
Dodger looked up at his trainer almost sheepishly before quickly traipsing over to the workshop couch. He hopped up on the opposite of U on the couch, nuzzling the side of her face with happy purrs coming from the two of them.
"No baby, you didn't," Tony soothed, sitting up slightly so Steve could curl up to him, "You're okay, everything's okay. Promise."
"Mm, you shaved a bit. Face is smooth--" he said with a chuckle, running hands over Tony's cheeks playfully. "Smooooth."
Peter shucked his overalls and underwear off, easily climbing into his bubble bath with a happy sigh. He poured a generous amount of shampoo into his little hands, quickly lathering up his hair.
“Yeah, just... We got everything set up and stuff. Just--" Steve hummed softly in thought. "I'll have to ask you something later tonight, okay?"
He faltered for a moment, chest thrumming in his chest. Panic seized him at Steve's silence, fearing he'd gone too far.
"I know you were, buddy. And you ate all your food, so good job." Steve praised with a smile as he cleaned Peter's face.
"You don't ever have to apologize for crying, Peter. Never ever." Steve said solemnly, kissing the top of Peter's head. "I'm sure your mom and dad thought you were a perfect baby before the fire. I know that you are our perfect baby, even if you aren't a baby anymore."
"Daddy got hit in deh chest," Peter piped up, simultaneously enjoying Steve's bewilderment and Tony's annoyance.
"Oh, is he now, is he?" Steve whispered back with a soft grin, turning to kiss Tony back softly. "And how exactly does he plan for that to work, hm? Where's he at?"
bigger, and his eye line’s at your stomach, so you seem-- wider," Tony explained carefully, "That's my guess, and if not, we definitely wore a good amount of calories off of you."
"Shut up, Bucky, and you won't get any kisses, Pete, if you think they're gross," Tony said over Steve's shoulder, raising an eyebrow at them.
Barton made a gesture as though to say Thor had proven his point, and Tony frowned and said, "Howard was a complete tool to me, but you don't see me out there trying to take over the world. I mean, what would I even do with an entire world, anyway?"
Steve shrugged. "We understood each other. It was easy. He wouldn't look me in the eyes. I kept trying to… He wouldn't… I was so set on… I didn't even think about…"
"And the things they'll say about this poor, innocent child that never asked to be conceived in the first place? Breaks my heart, Steve. It absolutely breaks my heart."
"Wait," Bruce said. "So, you're the neat one and he's the slob?" He pointed at Tony and Steve respectively with his spoon.
"There is such a theory," Thor said as he dumped most of the eggs onto his plate. Steve frowned. Evidently, he'd been counting on sharing the eggs.
Steve was quiet a moment, and Tony took it as Steve coming to terms with what Tony had just said, before he spoke in so low and calming and authoritative a voice that Tony had no choice but to believe every word he uttered.
The room went silent, the only noise being the HVAC system and the New Age-y music attempting to create a soothing ambiance for the show. Finally, after it seemed the silence had gone on for too long, a woman said, "So…why did you keep it? Why didn't you make her turn you back?"
"You could always tell JARVIS to stop it," Natasha said then directed Wilson to pull a certain move in particular, which got a smile and an "Oh, yeah! Suck it, Goldie!" out of him as he completed whatever maneuver it was.
"Just wanted to have my Antonia Natasha one last time," Steve said by way of explanation, and Tony gave him a tight smile before he handed the bundle off to Steve and then turned to Esmeralda.
He went back over to the first aid kit and grabbed a cotton swab out of it. "Here, Uncle Bruce. Go get a swab for me."
About halfway to their destination, he put on the '80s satellite channel, the volume low enough so that he could hear it but it wouldn't be distracting to his storytelling, which had highlighted everything he'd ever heard and known about his mother, everything she'd done, and everything she'd done for
"No," he said with a slight shake of the head, hedging a little bit and rubbing at the back of his neck some more. "I mean get yourself off."
Tony made a 'hmm' sound but said nothing, and Steve went back to reading another poster, this time on breast feeding.
He groaned out a moan as Steve hit a particularly pleasurable spot, Steve's hands on him as they found their rhythm, and Tony leaned back into Steve and reached and arm back to hold Steve by the back of his head, to hold him close, to feel his mouth, his hands, his everything on him.
He glanced up at Steve again. "What are we doing about that? Keeping our own? Hyphenating? Some god-awful combination? Stogers? Roark?" He shuddered. "God, those both sound horrible. How 'bout Stark-Rogers?"
He couldn't have known. How could he have known? How could any of them have known? And the reason for that — the reason he was an orphan, the reason he'd never got to see his mother one last time — was standing somewhere along the side of the road several miles back.
He cut off a moment and took an uneasy look at the screaming newborn in Tony's arms but then apparently pushed through whatever discomfort he'd had and continued his thought.
Thor chuckled. "No, my friend, not about that. It is something, I should think, more personal for you."
"You're so full of shit, Barton," Tony said and sat back in his chair, arms folded beneath his breasts, which seemed to draw Barton's attention to them.
"Well. Isn't that fun?" he muttered and set the waffle on the table. Steve readily snatched it right up, even if there were several other ones already made and sitting on a plate. "Guess that means we won't be out of a job anytime soon."
"Where'd all this stuff come from?" he asked as Tony groaned a little and realized he'd forgotten the pillow he used to tuck under his arm and provide some support.
"Not like that. I mean like this. Like us." He motioned amongst the three of them, Olivia now back to playing with the toy telephone, banging the receiver against the base. "Didn't I get married after the war?"
Steve stayed uncomfortably silent on that, staring instead at the wall beside him, and Tony rolled his eyes.
He exhaled a heavy breath and sat back in his chair, and he tried not to think about how the last time he'd sat in that chair, a little firecracker had tugged on his hand and begged him for waffles. Or how two days ago the only long-term relationship he'd ever let himself fall into had blown up in his face. He tried not to think about anything.
The table was fucking uncomfortable, and after ensuring that the placenta had been delivered intact, his uterus was contracting the way it should, and he had been sutured up properly, Bruce was able to snag a gurney from somewhere. He didn't say where, but he did make Barnes and Natasha promise to say that, if asked by some of the hospital staff floating around, that they had no idea where the bed had gone. The gurney wasn't all that more comfortable than the table had been, but it did allow him to relax a little more, and it allowed him to more easily cradle his new daughter in his arms, one that hadn't let go of his nipple from the moment she'd latched onto it.
Steve took another bite of the cookie and said a muffled, "Well, she's a baby. We don't really need to wrap her presents at all."
we do as 'making love.' Which is…sort of an interesting way to look at it because I'll be honest. A lot of the things we've done have been down and dirty fucking, no two ways about it. But I think it makes him feel kind of…kind of like a pervert of something if he says we're just fucking, or— No, no," he said and shook his head. "I don't think that's it. I think—" He laughed.
Steve squeezed his cup of chocolate so hard the lid popped off and the cardboard crushed in his hands, sending hot liquid all over himself and the couch.
"Will do," he said then said his final 'goodbye' to her and went to hang up the phone, but Rhodey pulled it away from his ear and did the honors for him. Tony thought about the weirdness of the call and Pepper's attitude before he turned to Rhodey and said, "Is something up?"
Steve went back to reading over the tablet. "It's amazing. It was… I guess it was considered a 'woman thing.' Fathers weren't expected to know about this. They weren't expected to be a part of it. A father's responsibility was relegated to getting his wife to the hospital and passing out cigars in the waiting room. Now, I mean—" He swiped his finger over the tablet to scroll down the webpage. "They're right alongside the whole time now." He stopped swiping and frowned, a small crease forming between his brows.
He suddenly realized he didn't have to ask Rhodey anything. He had a little blabbermouth sitting right beside him that would tell him anything he wanted to know. But he'd promised Rhodey he could keep the mystery alive a little while longer, and besides, there was no guarantee that — if the Rhodey that Olivia knew was even married — that he was married to the same woman there that he would eventually marry here, and there was no guarantee that the woman he was currently going to meet was that woman, anyway.
Natasha tweaked a light smile at him. "Pretended to be healthcare workers. No one thought to verify their credentials."
Bruce nodded and grabbed a few more supplies then made his way over to where Tony sat at the table. He set the basket of items down and started organizing things, laying out the tubes in the order he wanted to fill them, and Tony frowned and blinked at the number and size of them.
"Cap, I want you to think long and hard about this," Barton said. "That is, technically, for all intents and purposes, the mother of your child talking."
She reached down and grabbed her small purse from the table. "Yes," she said and pulled her phone out to check it. "We'll be there." She nodded upstairs and added, "Now, go show Steve. I'm surprised he wasn't down here to see this dog-and-pony show for himself."
Natasha shook her head and stepped into the bedroom where he sat in the rocking chair that Barton had purportedly gotten for him. Evidently, the 'nothing before the baby is born' edict had been adhered to by Steve only, though — all things considered — maybe that was a good thing? Tony had just presumed that, once the baby was born, he could put in an order with JARVIS and have everything he wanted and needed delivered within the day. He hadn't counted on the power grid being down, and he sure as hell hadn't figured on Steve not being there with him, and a dark part of him thought that maybe Steve was right to be superstitious in that regard. Steve had thought buying anything early might mean something would happen to the baby and they'd never get to properly meet their little bundle of joy.
"If it gets you to shut up about being too fucking old for me, then yeah, I do. And shouldn't you let
“Don’t have a union,” Steve said then leaned over and turned Stark’s head just so in order to get a better look at his face. “You know, you do have a helluva mouth on you,” he purred, brushing a thumb over Stark’s bottom lip. “Maybe we should put it to some good use?”
"OK, and what am I supposed to do about that?" He motioned over himself. "Can I really go to the Board looking like this and say, yeah, I'm still alive. I'm a
She padded around the living area and moved through the kitchen with ease. As Rhodey set the pies down on the island that doubled as an eating area, she went over the fridge and began to look over the contents before she said, "Papa, where's my juice?"
He didn't see anything to put the balled-up papers in, so he gathered them into as compact a pile as he could, and it was as he was moving Olivia's scattered toys into a neat and orderly arrangement beneath the tree when the first familiar song of the day began to play.
His bottom lip wobbled some as he tried to keep his composure — he really had no desire to cry in front of Bruce or Hill — and he bit it to keep his emotions at bay. Fucking. Hormones. And fuck Steve. Forget what he said. This was totally his fault.
"It's in the dishwasher," he said and realized that handing glass to a four-year-old was a fine idea for an idiot. He looked for something less breakable and found a 'Stark Industries' emblazoned plastic travel mug.
Steve rubbed his back once more, and Tony sighed heavily and rolled his eyes once more but followed over to the room.
She smiled and winked at him in response then put a hand to Wilson's arm and said, "Come on. We should probably find our seats. I think they're going to serve dinner soon. We don't want to miss the speeches."
He tried not to think about the possessive way Steve had growled that name at him last night, the way he'd said
Steve took one last look at Olivia to make sure she didn't hurt herself, and satisfied at the happy babbling he heard from somewhere inside the pile, he turned back to Tony.
"Tony, you're making him feel bad!" Steve said before he turned to DUM-E and began to pet him. "He doesn't meant it. Honest. You know how he gets sometimes."
"Not anymore, I'm not," he said and looked down at the newborn nursing at his breast. Even if his milk hadn't come in yet, evidently she was getting enough of whatever it was he was producing. Colostrum, wasn't it? Wasn't that what Steve had called it? She hadn't turned her nose up at it yet. Then again, she
In regards to the porn, it definitely delves into 'encouraged feminization'? Is that what I want to call it? Basically, Steve asks Tony if he can call him and treat him as 'Antonia,' and Tony, after some thought, says 'yes.' If that's not your thing, definitely skip this.
, but I just assumed it was a joke and I didn't really bother to pay attention to it after that, but is it— Are you trying to say— I mean—"
"Guess it was too much to hope for the fairy tale bright sunshine and chirping birds, yeah?" Tony mused as Hill passed out umbrellas to the group.
"Please," Steve said then looked down to Olivia to see how she was doing with the bottle. He went to pull it away to test if she was still interested in it or was just sucking the formula down because it was there, but she whined and made a motion like she was trying to get more out, and so he let her continue to feed from it.
He thought about this a moment then added, "I really think Steve could pull off that kind of beard."
Tony shrugged a little and swirled his glass around some as Natasha worked on painting his toes. "It's not— Look, I've gone through worse, all right? It's just… I don't know. I blew up. I didn't meant to. It just happened." He looked up at Barnes and continued, "If he's thinking I blame him for it, I don't."
Tony nodded. "OK, we can— Well, not right at the moment seeing as I'm pretty fucking far away, unless you want to just do something with the suit—"
like Tony Stark, OK? I look like what would happen if Tony Stark was born a woman, but I look like Tony Stark." He glanced back down again and frowned. "Shit."
No one except JARVIS had to know the thought of doing this without Steve by his side was absolutely terrifying. And not that Steve could 'save' him or take away the pain, but Steve was a solid, grounding presence, and stupid and weak as it might have sounded, but it made him feel a little bit better about this whole thing. If Steve was there nothing bad could happen to him because Steve wouldn't left anything bad happen to him —
"You say that again, and I'll tell Steve," Natasha said, a smile on her lips. But then she went serious again and said, "Not everyone can handle that kind of pressure. At the same time, I don't think it's fair to expect anyone to, either. We're in a tough business. Not everyone gets to come home from saving the world."
— voiced the quiet 'no' that was threatening to bubble to the surface, but instead, he rolled his eyes and said, "Uh, have you
Steve shrugged a little and turned his attention back to the screen. "So," he said and exhaled a breath, "she's the same Olivia then."
"Well, I think you're both crazy," he said and grabbed a spoon out of the flatware drawer, "but I can't stop you from thinking that."
Fuck, was he getting old? It was Steve, wasn't it? It was Steve's old man influence on him. And in him. The fetus was probably giving off some sort of old-man energy, too.
"Fuck off," he said and shot a look at him. "I'm speaking 'old man' so the fossil I'm married to knows exactly what I'm looking for."
Barnes snorted a laugh. "I don't give a shit what you talk about," he said, and Barton nodded and turned back to Steve.
Tony frowned and sat back a little. "Why not?" he asked, his arms' grasp on Steve's shoulders falling away and Steve's hand falling away from his belly.
He didn't know where this sentiment was coming from. He wasn't even sure if his rational mind agreed with it. All he knew was that he and Steve had created a life together.
"Don't really have much of a choice, jolly green. Nefarious sorts are targeting my tower, and I take that kind of personally."
He heaved out a breath and admitted what he'd known at the back of his mind from the moment he'd practically told that reporter he was pregnant with Captain America's baby.
He motioned to what they were doing, and the doctor nodded and said, "With about ninety-five percent certainty."
"No," he said with a laugh. "But isn't that the reason Cap's got such a gargantuan appetite?" He looked at Steve. "Chihuahua-sized you wasn't eating this much, was he?" He glanced to Natasha beside him and added, "Hey! I could go ask Barnes!"
Tony hummed a little and said, "Someday, we're going to get to the bottom of your general emotional constipation. But anyway, my point is that we've dealt with our share of shit that would have completely destroyed other couples. But here we are, curled up together on our bed, still plugging along."
"If it was up to you, we'd be wrapping her gifts in day-old newspapers that nobody reads anymore because print is dead."
"Hmm? Oh, I'm just trying to figure out how you can love the shit out of 'Free Bird' but not like 'Stairway to Heaven' or 'War Pigs.'"
"—after this…not so great breakup I had with—" He stopped short and forced a clipped smile at Steve. "Doesn't matter. Anyway, it was just…sex. It didn't mean anything. It was easier, I guess, but it wasn't the same."
"I think you've already proven that not to be the case," Hill said as she kicked her feet up onto the table.
She yawned a little and allowed Tony to pull her purple Avengers t-shirt over her head, and he folded it and set it aside before he got her to wiggle out of her jeans with the colorful flowers etched onto the pockets and set them aside as well. He pulled the black Pink Floyd t-shirt over her head and threaded her small arms through the sleeves, and she was swimming in it, but it was only to sleep in.
"Is this me?" he asked, and Olivia nodded then pulled out another picture she'd done of Iron Man and War Machine. "These are nice. Can I keep them?"
"I do," Steve said, sounding a little proud, as he put his hands on Tony's shoulders and gave them a gentle squeeze.
— looking like Captain America and the mysterious brunette he'd been seen around town with over the course of the past couple months? The one the media was already speculating was pregnant with his child?
"Uh, no, not really," Steve replied and stepped into the kitchen. "Buck and Sam were fighting over who got to hold the baby."
"Again, J, we're talking a straight guy from the forties here. Probably wasn't too thrilled with me making a pass at him. Let's just keep that between you, me, Brucie, and Rhodey, savvy?"
"Yeah, he is," Barnes said and went to take a seat in an adjacent chair, but Wilson, evidently sensing that, got there first. Barnes turned back and looked at him then said, "Yeah, don't think that's going to stop me," and then sat down on Wilson's lap like it was nothing.
Steve laughed — an honest and true laugh — and he shook his head some before he met Tony's eyes again, his smile much lighter and truer than the last one had been.
Steve's gaze shot up to meet his at that. His eyes did a dance with Tony's a moment before the sharpness of his face softened, and he shook his head a little and said, "I never said he—"
"There is nothing insane about it," she explained. "You are bonded. You have been bonded for many an age. It is...what has always been and what will always be."
Steve swallowed the bite of food. "What Falcon— Wilson— Sam was saying before. Something about fighting Hydra and getting turned into something? Who got turned into what? Does Hydra even have the power to do that? I know they have some crazy powerful weapons—"
Tony just blinked at him then said, "OK, first of all, the term is 'old lady,' and second, you're not an aging hippy getting stoned to Cheech and Chong records."
"We just will. That's what parents do — that's what any parent does, superhero or not. You protect your kid from all the shit in the world or you do the best you can to. I mean, yeah, maybe our jobs are a little more…dangerous than the average, and she's had a target painted on her back since before she was born, but we do what we have to in order to keep her safe. We fight and we defend and we protect — her, the world, whatever. We're Avengers. It's what we do. We do what we can to make the world as safe as we can for everyone — for everyone's kids."
"Give them time. Barton's doing the flying. Probably forgot to make the left turn at Albuquerque," he said, cradling Olivia close and watching as she slumbered so peaceably in his arms, rain from the late summer storm whipping against the window with addled fury.
But everyone enjoyed spending time with the baby, happily stealing her out of Tony's or Steve's arms if given half a chance, even if Steve hovered over them like a hawk, no doubt to ensure that none of them did anything stupid like drop her accidentally. Barnes, no surprise, was the first one to break, snapping at Steve, "Would you stop breathin' down my neck? I'm not gonna drop her."
"Pretty much," Steve said with a sad shrug. "Anyway, Pepper and Nat think the best thing is to just ignore it. I guess they consider this something called a 'Friday night news dump'?"
"Well, that would only be a problem if a) you hit on one of those names and b) that—" he nodded at Tony's abdomen, "—is actually a girl. You've assured me time and again with nothing to back it up except for a piece of paper on the fridge that we don't even
They never did have a party for him, and Steve clearly had known all along what Tony was pulling with the room-painting, as once Steve had finished and had pulled all the tape off the trim and the plastic up from the carpet covering the floor, he motioned to a wall and said, "That one would probably be better to set the crib against. Gets more indirect sunlight. That would probably be better for him, don't you think?"
was all he could talk about when I was growing up. How great he was and how fantastic he was and how brilliant he was and how good-hearted he was. It's kind of a small miracle I didn't repulsor the bastard's ass the first time I set eyes on him just to spite my old man."
Tony tapped on the screen to freeze the image, one of the on-screen Steve setting a Very Serious Gaze upon the interviewer sitting beside him, and Tony said, "That's the internet — or what you can find on the internet, anyway. All sorts of shit like that."
"Really-really," Tony said. "Legal and everything. License on file for us — even had one of the clerks perform the ceremony for us."
Tony flipped the bread over to cook the other side. "What made you decide on French toast? Wouldn't cereal have been easier?"
"Not to hurt you," Tony said as he sat down at his computer and began to pull up the program he'd set up. "He likes Steve, Steve likes you, so you're golden, really." He looked at DUM-E and said, "No, go on the other side. I need you by his other arm."
Tony grabbed several packets of sugar and dumped them in all at once. "No," he said and dumped some half-and-half in, "but it was still rude. If I was a sensitive person, I'd only give her like a twenty-five percent tip."
He twisted something on the exoskeleton for the suit and scowled as the pliers slipped and jammed into his opposite hand.
"It's exactly what it looks like," he said as Steve grunted out his hundred-fifth pushup. "Steve's doing pushups, and I'm sitting on top of him to make it a little harder for him— The
, and there was a small part of Tony — that ancient and innocent part that admired Steve and looked up to him and believed every word that he said because he said it with such conviction — that believed Steve and believed that Steve
"—but it's not. It's… Look, I know I'm not exactly what you think of when you hear the word 'dad', but being that my father was someone that had absolutely no business in
"Not at first. But when I realized who she was, yeah, maybe I'd eavesdrop on her conversations that featured her idiot friend, Steve. I thought you'd be married by now. I was surprised you weren't."
"I kept tryin' to set him up with girls," Barnes just said. "Kept hoping one of them would… That he could settle down with one of them. I knew he was…like that. He'd deny it, but I knew he was. Finally came straight out one day and just told him I knew he was deviant. Looked like a fucking deer caught in the headlights. He tried to talk his way around it — he's always trying to do shit like that — but I told him it didn't bother me. I didn't give a shit. He hadn't put a move on me up to that point, so I knew he wasn't going to try anything after that. Never did. Asked him once if he thought of me like that — looked at me like that. Said he didn't. Saw me too much like a brother."
He made to stand up, but Bruce put his arms out to him as though to stop him and said, "Uh, you usually have to fast for twelve hours before they draw blood."
"Shit," he muttered and dropped his fork, and he went to just scrub his mouth off with his napkin when he remembered he was wearing makeup, and so he grabbed the little travel mirror Natasha had given to him with the words,
He had thought, when all this had first started, that it would be nothing but sweet relief to be back in his old body — no pun intended — and he supposed, to a degree, it was, but at the same time, it was depressing.
Tony made a 'pfft' sound. "Please," he said and hit the accelerator when the light turned green, "Steve Rogers? If he thought it would help
He knew 'White Christmas' in his sleep. He was sure everyone did. It was everywhere, and two years after its release, still hugely popular. And while he was certain the voice that was singing this…arrangement of it, he guess he'd call it, sounded an awful lot like Bing Crosby, and while it
. That's older than I am. Look, I know I'm no spring chicken, but, Jesus, did I end up with some geriatric patient or something? What the hell was future me or alternate universe me even thinking? From Pepper to an
He shrugged and stood up. "I'll have DUM-E fix me a smoothie. Have him dump some protein powder in it. I'll be fine."
"OK, I go back-and-forth with being able to deal with this. Reminding me of what's really going on? Surefire way to get me to freak out. There's something growing inside me, Steve, something I have to let grow until it can survive outside of my body because it's completely dependent upon my body for its very existence. And I'm kind of dependent upon it for
He thought he was going to be sick again. He swallowed whatever it was that was coming up in his throat and hugged his arms tighter around himself. He sobbed, pressing his forehead even tighter against the steering wheel and letting the tears fall everywhere.
"Yeah, well, clearly I didn't foresee something like this happening," he said and motioned over himself.
"Honey!" he said with a laugh and reached out to take Tony's hands in his. "It's fine. It's no big deal. It happens every day. No one's going to take advantage of you. No one's going to do anything without your consent. And if anything does happen, I'm here, OK?"
She looked up at him from where she was inspecting the first coat she'd put on his toes. "Bridge too far?"
Figuring he'd gotten it, he hopped up onto the table and sat, the paper of the gown crinkling against the paper sheet that covered the table. "Yeah, well," he said and hugged his arms tight around himself. It was only Steve in the room with him, but there was no telling who could walk through that door at any second. "There's a reason they call them the 'dark ages,' babe."
"Nuh-uh!" Peter said with a knowing grin as he snuggled more into Tony. "Wouldn't worked anyways cuz Sammy's here." He sighed as the baby climbed in his lap, babbling happily.
"That’s good. Good they can be here for you." Steve hummed, sitting down next to Tony and handing him his coffee and oatmeal. "Here. Eat this. Get something in your stomach."
"--prescription for four epipens," He continued, "I'll also send a memo to Peter's regular physician, so he or she will be able to regularly prescribe it in case it arises again."
Tony nodded and thanked her, waiting till she disappeared around the corner before turning to Steve.
"I expect you to fuck me back if I do." He growled into his husband's ear, nipping his ear lobe before pulling back and heading for the desk.
"When I was a kid, I was playing in the snow with Bucky one winter." He started quietly. "I ran back further than I meant to and went over an icy lake. And I fell through. I didn't know how to swim, either. Thankfully Bucky got me out, but I was horribly sick afterwards... It scared me."
"Correct. One hundred percent on your quiz. Bonus points for your friend there." He smiled, slipping off his pants to reveal a matching, lacy thong with ribbon along the sides.
Steve pulled Tony into a quick hug, wrapping an arm around his waist to help lead him back down to the kitchen.
The two sat outside of a cafe on campus later that day once their classes were done, sipping at their drinks as they began to discuss details. Tony had been the one to utter the first question to start the discussion.
He got his arms around Steve, managing to carry him the few steps to the en suite, huffing as he lowered him into their jet tub.
"So Daddy, what do ya say we get things set up to make those cookies?" The blond said with a grin, looking over at Tony.
Steve sighed at the touch, not saying anything but kissing lovingly at Tony's skin. He rubbed softly at his husband's back and sides, just taking in the feeling of Tony and trying to be a comfort. Tony kept quiet, letting himself soak in Steve's warmth. He sighed, eventually tugging them so they were curled up on the bed.
"Good, Ms. Gift Bags, but I was looking for Pepper." Natasha smirked, helping out Pepper with the bags and carrying them to put under the tree.
"Of course I will. Poor little guy, he acted fine when I took him over earlier. I wonder when it could've hit him so badly?" He said softly.
"Ugh, gross." He huffed at the saliva coated object, tossing it away as he sat up to meet the prior-saviour behind that voice. What he was met with was not what he anticipated. Pleasantly surprised to say the least.
"Now, are you gonna get too excited when your aunts and uncles get here? Because we can get your spare pull ups out if you need them," he murmured.
"And I'm the only one allowed to have you." The blond panted, a possessiveness in his tone as he picked up the pace. "
"All right, cutie. We'll head downstairs and get you breakfast." He cooed, carrying the boy in his arms and carefully heading down the stairs.
"Big peoples are weird..." Peter hummed, letting Tony scrub as he played with his ducky. "Weird kissies, yellin' at 'chother at night-nights cuz you love 'chother. Weird."
Tony continued with the story, proud that he managed to get through it without crying, or choking up.
"No sex three days before you meet my parents," Tony said quietly, "We'll have to clean the house and everything. My dad's got a second sense and will be able to smell the sex on you." He sighed, slumping in his seat.
He took his time working Steve, relishing in his closeness with his husband. Steve gasped softly as Tony worked, soon evolving into quiet moans and praises. He moved his hand into Tony's hair, carding his fingers gently through dark hair.
"Shut it, circus boy, I'll tell him later," Tony interrupted, "That's not a topic for Christmas Eve."
Steve kept back the slight pang of sadness at Tony's response as he parked the car, getting out to help the other regardless. "We'll get you settled and I'll make you a quick sandwich to take with your pain medicine, all right?"
"Mmm, s'good--" Steve noised in praise, moving with Tony as the man worked. "Feels good, baby--can take more, though..." He assured.
Peter snuggled against Steve's chest, sniffling as they went downstairs. He waved at Tony sleepily, gently taking the crackers Steve offered him.
He slowly waltzed them around the room and whispered comforts to Peter, waiting till he was settled down before sitting on the bed with the boy in his lap.
"First, I want to know what all is involved in being your PA. Considering that is apparently going to be my new job." He chuckled, wrapping his arms around Tony's waist.
"Love when you mess with my hair." Steve returned, unlatching from Tony's neck and admiring the mark he made.
Tony shrugged and let himself settle into his pit, sadly staring at his hands. He didn't reply, other than to lean over to nudge Steve's cheek, resting his head on his shoulder. Silently, he pricked tiny lines across his left wrist, shamefully relaxing into the sting.
"Are you sure?" Steve asked softly, waiting as the phone rang. "You sure you'd be okay over there without us?"
"Sorry. Firefly starts at seven. I watch it with Bruce, Its sort of a 'roommate bonding' type thing. I'll see you tomorrow?".
tuh," Peter whimpered, leaning into Tony's touch, "I wan downstairs to find Sammy's teetha an' I hit m'knee."
"Well, I don't think I can stand, bunny. Your turn to take care of me," Tony chuckled, letting himself relax, "Washcloth's by the tub."
Steve sighed happily against Tony's skin, feeling the brunet's moan vibrate in his throat against his lips.
"Nonono shh shh shh, it’s okay baby. You did so good. Shhhhh." Steve coddled softly, gently bouncing Sammy to calm him down. "Don't cry, don't cry."
"We know, baby. C'mon, we're going to have a snuggle and a nap, okay?" Steve hummed, smoothing Peter's hair lovingly.
do you plan to do with it?" Steve pointed out, censoring himself because of Peter being present. "It’s quite extensive work for it just to be a cosplay or something, especially when you are trying to
"I'm the one taking you out, so I should've paid." He smiled, raising a brow at the man. "Well, if you paid for dinner, then I'm paying for the movie."
Steve rolled his eyes fondly at Tony, a smirk on his lips. "Muscular beings get cold too, ding dong. But at least you told me something, so that’s good." He hummed, eyes closing again. "Going with you will be fun. Can't wait."
"Neither of us are. I'm running schematics in my head to try and not worry," Tony mused, squeezing Steve's hand, "If it gets too much, we can call, or always go back."
"Comin', pipsqueak," Tony called back, rolling his eyes, "Ten bucks says it’s in the hammock. Again."
"He is the only kid I know that would voluntarily read a chemistry book. Our little smarty." He grinned.
Tony turned to look back at the stranger, but he seemed to be gone out of thin air. He looked at the bot again, and his tools, giving a sigh.
Tony was still feeling the chills down his back as he looked at Steve, feeling like a child that just got promised a spanking—not the good kind.
"We get to go shopping for baby stuff and we can start painting the nursery when we get home," Tony breathed, almost crying from the happiness bursting from his heart, "Oh my god, Steve, a
Steve hummed with a stretch as he headed upstairs to set everything up.  He placed his paints and tarps up in the closet for storage and setting his easel up beside the window. As he worked, he looked to one of the wall, big and bare, with a smile.
"Yeah, he was getting fussy on our way in here. He just wanted someone to hold him, I think." Steve hummed, holding Tony and Sammy close as they waited. "We can hold you and be calm now, baby boy."
"Yeah baby, we'll read," Tony replied softly, tugging his shirt back on, "You want Papa to read it to you?"
its okay." Tony assured once more, stroking at Steve's cheek. "This is normal for humans, its just something that humans in a relationship typically do together. Like with kissing like we had. Do merpeople date? Where you do romantic things together, but aren't married or uh, mated?"
Tony quickly tugged his panties off and slicked up his pulsing cock, moaning as he removed his fingers and pushed into Steve. Steve made a moan in length with Tony's push, gasping softly when he stopped to let Steve adjust.
"Depends. Got the box of stuff I've saved from a month back," Tony purred, curling up in Steve's lap, "Tonight counts as our wedding night, darlin'."
Steve simply nodded, letting Tony look around as he sat down on the couch inside his living space. It's not like he would be too much help finding it right now when he barely remembered who he was. But this man has proven to be a friend, so it wouldn't be too bad for him to look around, right?
Tony barked out a laugh — one mixed with sadness and disbelief — and he shook his head a little and said, "Well, that says it all, doesn't it?"
"Uh, you mean go get…?" He motioned upstairs, pointing a finger in that direction, and Tony laughed some.
for her if we were more responsible about this whole thing — if we gave her to a good home and buried the record and covered our tracks. She should never, ever be in any danger — especially not because of who we are. She shouldn't have to pay for our sins. She should—"
Steve just smiled a little and reached out and rubbed his back, and Rhodey chuckled a little and said, "No, I mean it. Everything we all say about how disgusting and pathetic you are, you two really are cute together, and you're good for each other. And you make each other happy. I think that's all anyone that cares about either of you could ever ask for."
"Anyway, I felt like a fucking interloper at the cabin. Steve could be a funny guy, but I never heard him make
God almighty, and here he was. Technically, honestly, on his way to being a mother himself. God, what would his mother have said to that? Probably would have shook her head in sadness and disappointment. Oh, not that he'd gotten turned into a woman and knocked up—
He made a motion to reach out and brush the hair on top of her head, but Tony murmured beside him, "You break it, you buy it."
"Whatever," Tony said with a roll of his eyes then gave him ten demerits for missing their team leader's birthday party.
Rhodey raised an eyebrow like he didn't quite swallow what Tony was saying, but Natasha nodded and reached out to push a few stray hairs back into place, making sure not to knock the netting of the birdcage veil askew. "Well, if it's any consolation, you make a beautiful bride, Stark."
Tony's façade shattered. He dropped his arms from their defensive position over his chest, and he let his gaze rake over Steve's face for only a moment before he advanced on him, grabbing him by the front of his shirt and hauling him in for a bruising, passionate, wet and desperate kiss. Steve didn't even hesitate. He put his arms around Tony's smaller frame and kissed back, taking the advantage away as he plundered Tony's mouth, tasted him, held him in his arms and forced him to accept what Steve gave him, just like the old days. He felt Tony go a little lax at that, his knees bending the slightest, and he let go of Steve's shirt and slid his hands so that he had them on Steve's shoulders, allowing Steve to hold him and cradle him and take care of him like he did once upon a time.
Barnes stood there a moment and processed the words before he rolled his eyes once more and muttered a disbelieving, "Oh, my god." He shook his head and exhaled a sharp breath then looked at Tony and said, "He doesn't really—"
He pulled away and went back to his plate of French toast, and Tony smiled a little and decided to accept the compliment for what was probably the first time since Steve had started this whole insistence on him being 'amazing' for doing something that, really, had been going on since the dawn of time.
Natasha shook her head. "You weren't, Tony. Don't say that, and don't ever let Steve hear you say that."
Steve just reached up and covered the hand that was playing with his nipple. "Yeah, well," he said, his words a little unsure like he was having a hard time formulating them through the haze of lust that was plaguing his brain now. And Tony could say that for certain because there was nine inches of something beginning to press into him. Nine inches of something he very much wanted to suck on and—
Tony nodded and stared at the baby a few more moments before he succumbed to the feeling of Steve's gaze boring into him, and he looked up and met Steve's eyes. Almost immediately, Steve's mouth was on his, and Tony kissed his husband hard, wet, fast, tongues and teeth and saliva and want because their little adventure was at an end, and they were back to the way the world expected them to be.
She hummed again and continued to play with the tendrils of his hair. He tried to swat her hand away, but he suddenly seemed to lack both the coordination and the energy.
Tony grinned at him and said, "All right, spoiler because I don't think this one's too bad: You know what the public's reaction was when they found out Captain America was schtupping Iron Man? Well, some of them condemned us to hell, but those are the reactionary assholes that are dying out by the thousands. No, you know what a good chunk of them said? That Captain America could
Steve glanced around, and though they were in the bowels of the museum, Steve really didn't want to embarrass himself in front of any janitorial staff or other night workers.
— Tony hadn't gotten over him any more than he'd gotten over Tony. As the video played, a conversation from a lifetime ago began to repeat itself in his mind.
"Well, you're wrong, but I don't expect you to see it. You probably thinks he looks at everyone the same way he looks at you."
He nestled his head on the pillow and closed his eyes, comforting himself with the warmth of Tony's body and the feel of his chest rising and falling with each breath, but he couldn't seem to shake the images from the dream — of Tony's tombstone (and he could just feel in the dream that it was his Tony's) and the flowers and the woman whose face he couldn't make out. She was coming to collect him. That much he knew. To pull him away from Tony's final resting place.
"I'm supposed to be a lot of things," she said airily like being 'dead' was something that happened to her often.
his pants were tenting in the first place, and said, "Fuck it," before he shoved into a stall, pulled his swollen and aching cock out, and gave it a few quick tugs, coming over his hand in no time flat.
He glanced back, met Tony's gaze again, and said with so much love and hope in his voice that Tony almost begged him to take him with him, "Not yet."
Rhodey sat, his hand fisted against his mouth like he was trying very, very hard not to laugh. The others just looked at him in various degrees of perplexity.
Tony just stuck another glob of chocolate and peanut butter in his mouth and flipped Barton off — or at least flipped off the direction he had gone in.
"Incidentally, another thing we do not tell Steve about. I mean, he knows, but let's not remind him."
Good god, had Steve… Had he been turning that over in his head all this time? Tony couldn't actually remember when he'd said such a thing, though he knew if he had, Steve had clearly taken it the wrong way because Tony would
"Babe?" he murmured, and Steve turned and looked directly at the lighted eye-slits of the suit, crystalline blue irises lined with pain and grief.
"OK, serious question here: What makes you think I'm even interested in you? I mean, I get that this is the type of place you normally go to for cheap and sleazy hookups, but what about our conversation has led you to believe I am in any way even remotely attracted to you? You're clearly on the other end of forty, which I am honestly
This Tony also had some generator of some kind powering his heart. Product of an ordeal he'd undergone several years ago as the prisoner of some band of mercenaries. He didn't really have all the details on that, though at the least he could say that from what he understood, it was the kind of experience one usually learned from — the kind of experience that would get a man to turn over a new leaf. He didn't know what this Tony had gotten out of that experience, but it certainly didn't appear to be anything other than a weaponized metal suit he taunted the government with and used to 'privatize' peace, whatever that meant.
Tony went to say that was a stupid tradition (and hello, freezer burn!) but Steve just sighed and said, "Fine," and poised the knife to cut into the bottom layer. He shot a pointed look at Natasha and said, "Is this OK?"
He shrugged. "Technically forty-four, but you tell me." He motioned over himself. "Does this look forty-four?"
Natasha stared at him a moment more before her face relaxed just the slightest in reluctant agreement, and she bobbed her head a bit from side-to-side in her halfhearted attempt to admit to Bruce that he was right.
Tony just squeezed his legs tighter because his body didn't seem to realize that it was a very inopportune time to be turned on by his mate.
"I'm pretty sure the city would descend into pure chaos if that happened. A cabbie shortage? OK, we can cross now. Watch the storm drain."
"How…different you are but at the same time how…very much the same you are." She examined his hand, turning it over in her grasp. "I can still see you in this new…body…of yours." She looked up and met his gaze. "I can still see it in your face. I'm so sorry, Tony."
Steve didn't even have time to look. Instinct took over, and with an almost comical series of thumps, he dove beneath the security desk and pulled his knees up to his chin, curling himself into a ball as he tried to make himself as small and inconspicuous and unseen as possible.
He shrugged and began to rework his equation. "Whatever. You hungry? I think I'm hungry. J, when's the last time I ate?"
"It's not too late for you?" he added, not sure if he meant the late hour or the seven years that had gone past.
"Yeah, laugh it up. It was only from the point of view of how to not get someone else pregnant, not get pregnant myself."
He formed the gauntlets to his hands and forearms and took one last look at his newly sleeping newborn. He leaned over, curling metal fingers over the side of the bassinette closest to him to steady himself before he pressed a gentle kiss to her little forehead, that soft, sweet baby scent wafting into his nostrils, enticing him to stay there with her and never, ever let her out of his sight because
But Steve shrugged and looked at his plate, pushing a strand of spaghetti around with the tines of his fork. "Wouldn't be the same. I used to…listen to the radio broadcasts coming from all those clubs. Like the Café Rouge, which was in the Hotel Pennsylvania, or…what was the one in the New Yorker? The Terrace Room, I think."
Tony sighed out a breath and patted his arm. "Little bastard will be here in, like, three weeks, but whatever. Sure thing, boss," he murmured, though he still thought Steve was being rather unreasonable about it. Paranoid. Superstitious.
"Yeah," he said as he thought about it. "You're right. Talk about brush burn." And then he thought about the rather delicate area that could chance getting hurt and said, "Bush burn?"
Bruce picked up a knife from the table and went to cut into the butter. "Is this soy?" he asked, blade poised above the pale stick of churned cream.
"Hmm...yes, but you have since made me promise that I cannot do anything to him without first seeking his permission. If you wish to be that selfish, Captain, I think it would be best to ensure that your bonded wishes to live out the ages with you before you make that decision for him."
"I know what you were saying," Tony said and sat back in the seat, waving a hand in the air. "I think we all know what you were saying, and it disgusts me. I'm disgusted. Here I am,
"But evidently this—" he motioned down at himself, "—thing could potentially kill me if I don't do something about it, so I—" He looked at Bruce. "I gotta get it out. How am I going to get it out?"
," Barton said. He turned his attention to Tony. "You could do something radical and pick a completely different name."
She exhaled a heavy breath. "Perhaps, but not in the way you're thinking." She reached out to Tony and touched a hand to his cheek. "You are much more than just the body that you come in."
They both shook their heads, and Tony sighed and said, "How 'bout a Disney movie? What's a popular one? Snow White? Cinderella? Little Mermaid? J, we got any of those—" He rolled his eyes at the sad little look on her face. "What? What's wrong with Disney movies?"
The perfect weapon because it was the combination of Iron Man and Captain America and thus had built into its DNA everything that made those men special. Granted, that was no guarantee the child would possess the serum in its blood. Steve's DNA could very well have not been touched by the serum, and thus, whatever child was born of the union would have in it genes from a short, scrawny, sickly yet scrappy underdog from the wrong side of the tracks.
" He motioned over his body. "Not something I ever thought would happen to me, and I'm sorry if maybe I'm just a little, I don't know,
"Yeah, but, it's not actually..." He glanced back and saw that DUM-E was holding fast to the magnifying glass, awaiting further instruction. "Someone's controlling it."
"Nah," Barton said before Steve could say anything. "If either of them is in restraints and skimpy clothing, it's the princess. I mean being
Natasha shrugged a little, and the designer, done berating the assistant for the time being, turned her attention back to Tony, but Natasha and her ensemble caught her eye, and she took a sweeping gaze over Natasha's red, strapless A-line and said a slightly smug, "Off-the-rack?"
Tony struggled to sit up some, but with Steve looming over him like he was, he wasn't going anywhere.  "What? Why?"
Steve frowned down at the mug, but he took a sip and found to his surprise that it was pretty much perfect. He looked up to Tony to ask how he knew, but Tony just raised an eyebrow and said, "Really?"
"It's true. I couldn't. I know I couldn't. God forbid, I lost seventy years of my life again? I couldn't. I couldn't do it. I have so much now I didn't have then — a job, friends,
"I told you, I started it a couple weeks ago," Steve said. "I didn't— I mean, I didn't think you would…"
Tony rolled his eyes. "It was a stupid bet that— We never shook on it. There was no contract signed."
Steve shook his head. "No, you need him here." He set a knowing look on Tony and added, "I'd feel better if he was here."
"Look, I don't expect you to believe any of this. God knows how set in your ways you can be about things, and compared to what you've seen so far, this is probably kind of far-fetched for you. All I can tell you for certain is that, yes, this is your future, as crazy as it looks, and yes, it is awesome."
Tony made it back to New York long before the others did, and he sequestered himself in his lab and began to play with upgrades and specs and other things the team would need.
"How long have we known each other?" he asked as the song changed, this one a bit slower and sung by a woman.
So, it wasn't a full house, but it was nice all the same, Thor regarding them with tales of Asgardian festivals of days of yore that Bucky continually insisted he was making up or had pulled out of books about Scandinavian culture and lore. Thor, good man that he was, just smiled at Buck's attempts to humor him — or bring him down to earth — and went about telling another tale of his youth that even Jim shook his head at and said, "No. Nuh-uh. That is totally impossible."
"OK, first of all," Tony said, "they're not officially engaged yet. Second of all, why the hell not?"
"It wasn't supposed to be so obvious. You know it's probably already on those horrible sites like TMZ and…"
As Tony put the mug in the microwave and set the time for two-and-a-half minutes, he could hear Bruce and Rhodey whispering in the background. He tried to catch what they were saying, but he couldn't hear over the hum of the microwave, but thank god for mouthy little kids that didn't know when they weren't supposed to say anything.
team, and he wasn't the one that had pulled the team together to begin with. Colonel Fury had been the one to do that, hand-picking them for something he called the 'Avengers Initiative.'
Barnes, he could only assume, was fine being there so long as someone else was there but was uncomfortable with being left alone with his best pal's laboring other half. Oh, not that it was anything personal. He just didn't think Barnes would have been comfortable being left alone with
Steve chose to frame them and put them on display right beside a photo of him and Tony taken right after they'd gotten engaged and a group shot of the Avengers taken right after some minor skirmish they'd gotten tangled in, two disparate parts of his life finally coming together as one.
," Steve grunted out and collapsed onto his stomach. He turned his face to the side, his cheek pressed against the mat, and said, "OK, honey, you can get off of me now."
"Look, they've said all kinds of shit about me over the years. And yeah, whatever, some of it I deserved, and some of it I didn't—"
"Have you had a foursome?" he asked, doing what he could to swallow the uncertainty in his voice. Steve was a one-at-a-time kind of guy, and he had just assumed Tony was, too, but he could admit that Tony did have quite a bit more experience in that sort of thing than he did, and maybe Tony had just been humoring him the past couple years with his less...adventurous attitude toward sex. Not that Steve didn't like sex. He did. He really, really did, and he liked to think he had shown his interest to Tony in varied and interesting ways over the past couple years they'd been together, but—
He was halfway through the dawn-lighted room, the ceiling lights on low, before he realized there was something amiss — or better, someone fucking
"Tony, listen to me," Natasha said once the pain had subsided again, and Tony could hear the forced evenness of her voice, like she was trying to reassure herself as much as she was trying to reassure him. "I know it— You're going to have that baby. We're going to get that baby out of you, and then you promise me. You promise me you'll love that baby and care for that baby and protect that baby and give that baby everything you possibly can. Because that's what Steve would want. Don't you dare blame that baby for any of this, you understand?"
Steve shrugged. "As close as I can get without…" He made a face, and Tony almost wondered exactly what sort of stories he'd actually read.
" as he stumbled and lost his balance, taking care to toss Tony onto the couch before he himself fell to the floor.
"OK, you do know whatever information is in this book can be found much more easily online now, right?" Tony said, and Barton shrugged.
Tony made a 'pfft' sound and began to move the cookies onto a cooling rack. "Please. You know I like to be the little spoon."
"Well, Pepper's in town," she said as she opened her purse and checked it. "We try to make it a habit to get together for a night when she is."
"Here's a shocker: Your daughter loves Christmas music," Tony said and glanced in the rearview mirror. Steve followed his eye and saw the little girl — Olivia, Tony had called her — strapped into something, bundled up in a puffy coat, and clutching the two little plush dolls that were joined together at the hands. Captain America and Iron Man.
that. "You just…shouldn't waste it. It's not like there's a— It's not like there's an infinite supply."
Tony, god help him, actually thought about this. "Well, clearly, I'd want to say 'Danny,' but if I'm being honest with myself—" he sighed, "—yeah, actually probably 'Sandy' — not," he countered quickly, "because I'm a woman but because Sandy was kind of the rich, prissy princess and Danny was the ne'er-do-well from the wrong side of the tracks, and, yeah, in that case, I'm probably more 'Sandy' and the guy that grew up in the shitty Brooklyn tenement during the Depression is probably more 'Danny.'"
"All right," Steve said, taking the baby out of Tony's grasp, "let me have her. You can go get cleaned up."
"Should see the one back at the Tower," Tony muttered and pulled out a small container that Steve saw had 'half-and-half' printed on it. "Have to keep that one fully stocked because that gang of idiots still hasn't gotten the memo that our personal floor is not their communal floor."
"What?" Tony murmured, soothing as he pressed another kiss to the top of Steve's head. "What scares you? Want me to repulsor its ass?"
He found his way to the lounge, and he breathed sweet, sweet relief as he was left alone with the gentle hum of the fluorescent lights and the machines. His sweet-tooth nagged at him, and he went over to the vending machine and looked over his choices, settling on a Snickers just as someone else came into the room. He rolled his eyes and let out a silent sigh and figured it was either Sam or Bucky, but he said nothing and hoped they would get the hint to leave him alone. It wasn't fun being confronted with past mistakes, especially a mistake that had caused him so much heartache, a mistake he'd taken for doing the Right Thing.
"OK, one and all. Gather 'round. The Captain and I have an important announcement to make," Tony said as they walked into the penthouse late that afternoon. "Also, what the hell? Are we on
Tony was in the middle of tangling with Hydra agents, so he could only get the story from listening in on the comms, but evidently the prodigal friend showed up in the middle of the firefight once more, and Steve did his usual dumb-fuck thing of dropping everything to chase after him. Tony didn't have the opportunity to talk him down because he was busy with his own battles, and he only was able to overhear Steve attempting to talk sense to Barnes once again — Barnes, who wasn't even supposed to be there as far as they'd known.
"And yet, you had no problem choosing a boy's name but can't agree on what to call it if it's a girl."
"I know how much you care for your Anthony. He is a good friend and a fine warrior. He is also your bonded, and I do know how much he means to you. I am sorry you must go so many years without him by your side. It is terribly unfair that the Midgardian magic that allowed for you to live so that you might meet your bonded when you might normally be in the twilight of your life will make it so that you will long outlive the ones you love most."
"News certainly travels fast," he said. "I have a dozen messages from people that claim to admire and respect you telling me to tell you all sorts of bullshit stuff for shits and giggles." He 'hmphed' then stuffed his phone back into his pocket. "Trolls, all of them."
"Don't go too far, baby," Tony called after her as he hung her coat up on the coat rack beside the door. "Time for your mid-morning nap. If Daddy wasn't so screwy, we could have had all your presents opened already."
Steve had a strong personality, sure, and he could be tough and stubborn and uncompromisingly opinionated, but he was also a softie and a huge dork with a wickedly dry sense of humor. And more than that, Tony felt
"Well, just try to get me a normal brain," Steve said and reached out to pull Tony back into his embrace again.
was a pro at parallel parking; Steve…was not), and he sat there and only then remembered to check his bag to make sure he had everything he needed.
Tony arched an eyebrow. "And crazy space fertility goddesses that can transform you into a completely different sex so your sexy super soldier lover can knock you up
Tony snorted a laugh and dropped the battered bread onto the griddle pan. "I'll see if I'm feeling up to it later."
Hill just frowned at him, and Bruce said, sounding not-too-impressed by his reasoning, "Oh, you and Steve are soul mates now?"
He bent his head and brushed a gentle kiss against Tony's lips, his hand moving from Tony's chin to gently cradle the back of his head. Tony hadn't brushed his teeth yet, but Steve didn't seem to mind, holding Tony's head gently as he pecked and nipped gentle kisses at Tony's mouth.
"So, what? You're saying I should make the best of a bad situation? This isn't a bad haircut, Steve. This is—"
"No, it's fine. It's fine, Stevie. I get it. You'd rather hand your own child over to strangers from California than anyone here in this room. Hey, that's your prerogative. You're her father. You gotta think about these kinds of things. Not like you're gonna be around forever..."
"Yeah, and it was actually fifteen thousand, but I knocked a thou' off the asking price because I'm a nice guy," Barton said.
"It wasn't you. It was the Winter Soldier," Tony repeated like an automaton, still refusing to look at him.
He took several steps away from Tony and crossed his arms over his chest as though to guard himself.
"Yeah, well, on the off-chance I'm not there to catch you," he replied and flew Steve over the burning ashes of the former Hydra compound and dropped him down in a more wooded area. "J, do a scan for life signs," he said and stood beside Steve. "Focus in on anyone with artificial improvements. Arms, legs, whatever." He directed his attention to Steve and said, "Barton, Thor, and Wilson will take care of the remaining Hydra goons. I'll give them cover if I need to, but other than that, I'm all yours."
Steve's face blanched, and it looked like the wind had completely gone out of his sails, his eyes gone wide and his mouth dropped open in surprise.
, there were times that he thought Steve was too fucking perfect for words with his gorgeous smile and his gentle manner and his—
"Nah, it's fine," Steve said. "I don't mind telling you. It's just… I think about those things sometimes, and they feel like they're from a dream or from another life. It doesn't feel like it happened to me. In fact—" He set his fork down and sat back. "God, I don't know if I should even admit this to you. I never told this to anyone. But…once, not long after I woke up, I read something about amnesia and different ways it manifests, and I began to wonder if I hadn't made the whole thing up — the whole thing about the war and Project Rebirth and Peggy and Howard and Bucky and Colonel Phillips and the USO and — like maybe I'd seen a movie or read a book before I got whacked in the head, and now I was imagining this whole thing. And then you guys were all trying some sort of immersion therapy — playing into the delusion to try to bring me back to reality or something."
, I guess. When you put it that way. Basically, I was going to say don't cross paths with screwy goddesses— Yes, I
"No, I don't want you to be gentle. I want you to be all strong and powerful — like a fucking alpha male grunting and beating your chest because you knocked up your mate."
"Huh?" Steve asked but followed as Tony led him over to the stairs and then up to the second floor. He followed Tony into the bedroom, and then Tony let go of his hand to pick up the expertly-wrapped box that sat in the middle of the bed. OK, maybe not 'expertly,' but he'd watched a couple YouTube videos, and he thought it wasn't half-bad for what was really his first stab at it.
"You saw what happened to Tony," Steve explained to him. "You really doubt powers like this exist in this universe?"
Barnes stared at Bruce a moment then said, "If he's a she for the rest of his life, how come we're still calling him a 'he'?"
"Well," he said and pushed closer to Steve, pressing his cheek to Steve's and snaking an arm around his waist. He reached out to drag a fingertip down the baby's face. "At the time, I thought you were dead, and it seemed like a good idea. Plus, those dark eyes, I thought— I don't know, I thought
Steve snorted out a laugh that he tried to cover up with a cough, and Tony shot a look at him and said, "Something to contribute?"
He'd got that. He understood that. Quite frankly, he was pretty sure he could figure this whole thing out better than Bruce could. He didn't know what Bruce was going off of to gauge when Tony should push and when he should wait it out, but Tony was going by his own body's tells and instincts, and right now, his body was telling him to wait a second. It would let him know — and painfully so — when to push again.
Barton pulled the carton of eggs from the fridge and went over to the stove. "Communal kitchen, Stark," he said and grabbed the frying pan Tony had used to fry up his and Steve's breakfast.
Evidently, Steve was bound and determined to go through with this stupid thing. Sometimes, Steve's stubbornness could be
Tony exhaled a breath and shook his head. "You have no idea what you're getting yourself into." "I think I can take it."
He watched as Steve closed his eyes and took a deep breath that he let out through his nose, and he opened his eyes again and shot a look at Tony and said, "Don't do that."
And yet, the man he'd dreamt about bore such a striking resemblance to the one now staring up at him from the SHIELD dossier that he could be forgiven for thinking they were one in the same.
" Barton said before Steve could say anything in reply. "What about us? We don't want to see that crap any more than she does."
"You know," he finally said, "I kinda can't blame you. I think Steve would have been the same way with you."
But Rhodey just rubbed his hands over his face before he looked Tony square in the eye. "Wait, let me get this straight. You were a
"—and all I'm asking is to attend a portrait gallery exhibit with my sweet and handsome husband, who it turns out is completely embarrassed to be seen with me in public—"
Tony just grinned, his eyes lighting up, and he sat forward and made like he was going to pull something out of his pocket when he suddenly realized he didn't have one on him.
"I don't know, man," Rhodey said but didn't loosen his hold on Tony's arm any. "You are the one insisting on getting married 'cause you're knocked up."
As Tony cracked a couple eggs into a mixing bowl, Steve looked down at Olivia, and he brushed a hand gently over the top of her head and, as she turned her head to look up at him, he smiled a little and said, "Well, at least you still love me."
Cap glanced up from his sketch and set his pen down to give Tony his undivided attention. "No, go ahead."
Steve laughed some and complied. "All right," he said and literally wiped a hand over his face. "How's this?" he asked and gave Tony the look that had always gotten him out of trouble as a boy — the one that had always gotten people to take pity on him whether he wanted them to or not: the big, sad-eyed look with the slight frown and the pouty bottom lip. Tony glanced at him and then muttered a low, "I hate you."
So, he took the baby into the living room for some play time, assuring Tony that yes, he would even change a diaper if he needed. So far, he'd lucked out and she'd been dry and happy, but he knew his luck wouldn't hold out forever.
occasions that he'd lowered himself to actually looking stuff up online about his condition, he'd stumbled into a pregnancy forum discussion post where the posters were sharing disheartening stories of completely disinterested partners that were either completely removed from the pregnancy or seemingly put off by it. Not for the first time in his life, Tony thanked his lucky stars for Steve Rogers, eternal boy scout, do-gooder, and worry-wart, who was more interested in and excited by this whole thing than he was. He didn't know how he would have survived this whole thing without Steve there right beside him to pick him up when he stumbled, but then—
He scrubbed a hand over his face, feeling the irritation and prickle from ungroomed hair, but decided to go back downstairs to see if Rhodey was still up.
as everyone else seemed to, but he could admit that he had powers above and beyond what he knew the average — or even above-average — human to possess. He wasn't sure
"Because you love us," Natasha said breezily then added, "Why don't you go to bed and get some rest? Got a big day tomorrow. We'll finish cleaning up."
She groaned and rolled her eyes. "How many times must we go over this?" she muttered. "Yes," she said and turned her full attention back to him. "I provided him with a body that could conceive a child. You, my Captain, are the one that knocked him up."
pressed it in the naïve hope that Steve would finally realize what a stupid and wasted endeavor this was and just let them go home already.
Tony groaned and sipped more of his drink. "Oh, my god," he said, the swizzle stick not leaving his lips. "Are we back to this? You're full of shit. It's not a girl. Do not pass 'Go.' Do not collect fifteen thousand dollars."
The baby didn't say anything to that, just continued to squawk, and Tony put his hand over her, either to shield her or protect her, he didn't know, her tiny little cheek resting against his sternum where the gown had fallen away.
"What was it about?" Steve asked tersely, and Tony knew he was trying very hard to control his temper.
He swallowed. Yeah, this…this was going to get awkward at some point. "Same thing," he said and hoped she didn't detect the unease and hesitance in his voice. "Just the one time."
He keened a little bit again and tipped his head back so it was resting against Steve's shoulder, and he took a breath and was finally able to whisper out, "
But Tony just bent his knees and spread his legs wide, which…did not exactly have the desired effect given that Tony was still wearing sleep clothes.
He stepped into the kitchen, Steve right behind him, and saw all of the others gathered around the island, coffee, bagels, and tablets out as they tried to figure out what was going on. Bruce was sitting off to the side, nursing what was probably a soothing cup of herbal tea but was still evidently listening to the discussion around him. Barton and Wilson were sitting at the island, slathering bagels and discussing possibilities. Thor was interjecting questions, trying to understand exactly what a 'power grid' was and why it was so important. Barnes was just sitting there beside Barton, watching and listening but not saying anything. Hill was seemingly communicating with someone in the Department of Defense while Natasha was just finishing up a call with someone unknown. She turned when she saw that Steve and Tony had finally arrived, and she was all business as she said, "Sorry, I know you two have other things you'd rather be doing at the moment."
Steve folded his arms, planting his feet at parade rest and tilting his head forward some as though he was glaring at Tony over a pair of non-existent glasses. He didn't say a word, but he didn't have to. Tony knew exactly what the intent was, and he took a breath and let it out and glanced away from Steve's guilt-inducing glare.
She pointed in the general direction of where she'd come from. "The man! The bad man! He said he was g'nna hurt you."
"Someday, I'm gonna bring you, Thor, and Hulk here and just let you have at it. See how long it takes before you three empty out the entire kitchen," Tony said as they stood at the register to pay. Tony didn't use cash. Instead, he had some sort of shiny, celluloid card that he swiped through some machine and then signed something. Steve frowned as he watched, and once he'd finished, Tony turned to him and said, "Bank cards. Wonderful things. You'll hate them, but you'll get used to them," as he took his arm and walked out of the building with him.
"I don't—" Steve tried to say, but Tony cut in and said, "Whatever," and began to rip the pastel- colored patterned paper off the box beside him. "Oh, right, yeah," he said as he shucked the torn paper this time to reveal a high chair. "Yeah, this is probably going to come in handy in a couple months."
That didn't mean he had more claim to her than Steve did, no, but there was an element of possessiveness that that knowledge allowed for him to develop. This was a child born of his own body, and as such, only he knew exactly how to properly care for her, and he'd slit the throat of
But Steve didn't love him — not in the same way, not as much. Steve had settled for the first sure thing that had come his way. Why, Tony didn't know, but he had. Maybe having missed his chance with Peggy had scared him, had made him afraid not to act, made him jump into bed with the first brown-eyed brunette that had looked his way after he'd come out of the ice.
“If that’s the plan than I am sure you’ll be fine. Steve will get the first model of your prosthetics line knowing you, Bucky and Sam will help him and the rest of the team of course. And, I’ve been thinking about this for years for you, but I never got around to finding the right moment, maybe a service dog could help both of you?” Pepper asked with a soft smile on her face.
“Here, the suit, try it, go spare with Terminator, Thor and Nat and see if it works well enough.” Tony turned around not sparring Steve a glance.
Steve had felt so empty, so blue. Before their fight Tony always knew how to push his buttons, they had been friends Steve would say but not as close as they were now. Somehow Tony knew how to aggravate him, making Steve laugh or when Steve needed comfort, something to distract him or just some company. He never knew how Tony had it figured out, but it didn't bother him really, it was kind of nice to not have to explain it and he could just be.
If you have any ideas for stories let me know, just dm me on Twitter (troyesroyals) or Tumblr (onlyangellgbt)!
Steve saw people gathering around the entrance, people were shaking hands and talking amicably, giving hugs and clapping. That could only be one person really.
“I’m sorry Steve, I can imagine it does, but it will get better, I promise sweetheart.” Tony had said while combing his fingers through Steve’s hair. Steve had refused to eat because he was nauseous from the pain, which was not great with his metabolism.
"It was! He was gonna eat me! But then I woke up and we had waffles for breakfast. C'n we have waffles for breakfast, Papa?"
He waved the smoke away and leaned down to tend to the woman, who groaned and scrunched her face up as she put a hand to her head and said, "Well, that's the last time I slam down scotch with a bourbon chaser."
"All right," he said aloud, trying to pull himself out of his thoughts. "What do we have here? Where does Papa keep your formula?"
"Not in this situation it's not. I think it would be better for you to understand what's going on and what to expect." Steve shot him a knowing look. "Pretending it's not happening isn't going to make it go away, you know."
Bruce stared at his arm a moment then said, "Isn't that what you said to Steve that got you into all this trouble to start with?"
Tony scowled and put his hands on his hips. "Say it a little louder, Steve. Not quite sure they heard you in Jersey."
," which completely belied her point, and Tony went over to the closet and pulled out a blanket that he thought had been washed recently and draped it over the little girl snuggled into the middle of his bed, her eyes closed and her mouth slack like she'd already fallen asleep. He stood back and gazed at her a moment, and figuring there was nothing wrong with it, he leaned over and brushed his hand over her hair and pressed a gentle kiss to her forehead and said, "Sleep tight, baby girl."
Rhodey just looked at him pointedly, like he was waiting for him to come to some kind of realization. Tony just stared right back at him and said, "What?" as he took a sip of coffee.
"—but," he said, totally coming back to the point he'd wanted to make, "people put two-and-two together, and what do you get?"
," Tony muttered as Steve came back from the kitchen, two bottles of water in-hand. He tossed one at Barton as he passed through, and Barton called out, "So, Cap—"
"She says JARVIS sounds like someone she knows called 'Vision.' She talks about a Wanda and a Sam. She even knows who Hank fuckin' Pym is. But she has not once made any mention of Cap."
"Anyway, I've been wanting to— I mean it's OK if you say 'no,' but, uh... Would you mind… Could I…?"
He marched over to the elevator to meet up with Natasha, and she shrugged a little and said, "You get used to it," as she hit the button.
(He was pretty sure that Maria had borne him back before 'natural childbirth' had been a thing. She'd probably been drugged to hell when she'd delivered him. He wasn't even sure if Howard had felt his birth enough of a priority to spend a few pointless hours in a waiting room.)
"Yes, you did," he murmured into Tony's breastbone, Tony's taste on his tongue. "You wouldn't have said it otherwise."
Tony grinned and picked up his phone to text back, and the real Natasha sighed a little and said, "You want this done right?"
Tony looked up from inspecting his body to meet Steve's eye, and Steve saw his own sheepishness reflected back at him. "Hey," Tony said in return.
"Guess you can teach an old dog new tricks, huh? Supposedly it's tough to get an appointment with her, but Bruce said to just tell them that he recommended her, and we should be good."
Well, not too much. Look, he'd been on the rebound, was missing Tony like crazy, and there was a weird and masochistic part of him that thought he deserved nothing more than whatever weird shit Schmidt had planned for him. Candle wax burned like a bitch, as it turned out.
Steve frowned as he realized Tony was not just talking to this man but evidently knew him, and the man turned and grinned, his expression equal parts surprise and amusement as he leaned against the counter.
He sighed and lay on his back, and he pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes and rubbed, moaning and groaning as the last of the night's sleep left him. He didn't really feel like getting up — for as small as the bed was, it was still kind of comfortable — but his stupid bladder had other ideas, and he sighed and stretched out, trying to garner the will and the strength to pull himself out of the bed.
, was the only thing he could be bothered to think at that moment, and he reached out to brush his fingertips against Tony's newly transformed face when Hawkeye shouted into his ear, "
Rhodey made a face, and he made a motion toward the elevator and said, "Is Bruce here? Maybe I'll go hang out with him for a little while."
Steve snorted a laugh and adjusted the baby on his lap, her small arms waving up and down even though one hand was still in her mouth. "Oh, yeah, that's a real hardship there for me."
Tracy nodded and turned back to Other Tony. "He doesn't have to answer anything he doesn't want to."
," the doctor said, a pointed tone to her voice, "please relax your legs. The sooner you do it, the sooner this can all be over with."
"No, hey!" Tony said and reached out to put a hand on Steve's arm. "It's not— I'm not saying you can't be confused. I'm just saying… Look, the most mind-blowing orgasm I ever had was in a body that I'm still not sure I consider my own. I don't know. It's…it's weird, all right? I— Look, cards on the table — and this doesn't go past this room — there are parts of me that are enjoying the whole experience of being a woman. Not just dressing as a woman but physically
Thor stared at him a moment, and the sad concern softened a little as he said, "You have achieved what your kind has struggled to attain for generations."
Cap looked like he was trying hard not to laugh, eyes shining with something that looked like fondness and emotional release. And tears, if he was being perfectly honest. "Yes, he is," he said and kissed her cheek again, the words coming out almost as a soft sigh. "Papa's the best."
He stopped short and glanced around at the gathered ensemble, and Tony watched as he swallowed and nodded then made his excuses to the clerks and the Avengers and took Tony by his elbow and led him out of the office and down the quiet and darkened hall to someplace where they could have privacy.
"I know how it happened, J!" he shouted, looking up at the ceiling as he did so. Oh, Christ, he was starting to act like Steve now.
He was saved from Tony's answer by a mildly-pregnant woman trying to walk in front of them, saying, "Excuse me," to Steve's long legs and giant clodhoppers that were in her way. Steve apologized and pulled his legs back, but Tony wasn't watching that.
No, it wasn't because he was depressed. It was because this was scary and this was so far from anything he'd ever wanted that he wasn't sure there were actual words for him to deal with it. There
He tried to remember what that little Tasmanian devil had said her birthday was. Bruce would probably remember — Bruce was good for stuff like that — but he wasn't really sure he wanted to bring this up to Bruce. He'd pretty much demanded silence over it from both Bruce and Rhodey the moment that other Steve had shown up to take her back, but he was
"Hey, man," Rhodey said, and Tony turned his attention to him, "I forgot to tell you before. I'm really sorry, but Pepper isn't able to make it and sends along her regards. Actually," he said and laughed some, "she's really, really pissed that you two just suddenly decided to do this crazy thing at the last minute, but she said, and I quote, '
He swallowed before he pushed the tip in, and though he wanted to watch Tony's face, he couldn't help but watch the way his cock slipped into that supple pink and slackened hole, watching as it disappeared in as he pushed all the way down to the hilt, Tony's hips hitching with Steve's every slow and measured move, and when Tony was fully seated on his cock, Tony swallowed and said, "Tell me, Steve. Tell me what you want to do to me."
"Bull. Shit," Barton said. "You're trying to sneak out— And before we've even had dessert!" He motioned over to Hill. "She went all the way to Brooklyn to get…whatever the hell it is she brought."
"Look, I'm not really in the mood to talk about it right now. I don't really give a shit whether she shares any biological signatures with me or not, I still have to figure out a way of getting her home."
Steve sucked in a sharp breath, a pathetic attempt to calm his nerves and keep from thwacking her with one of the wonderful mounted canvases Tony had bought for him, and Thor — wonderful Thor — grinned and said, "I shall leave you two to your work," and departed, Steve not even able to get a word out before he was gone to the elevator that seemed like it was waiting there for him.
"What's wrong with being 'cute'?" he asked instead, and Tony breathed out a sigh like 'cute' was the biggest insult in the history of mankind.
from useless. Steve Rogers is a sarcastic little shit that still thinks he's some asthmatic ninety-pound weakling trying to prove something to himself and the world."
But Steve shook his head. "That's not what I mean. I mean you want me to… You don't want me to disguise myself? When we go out, you want me to look just like…"
As Tony, his movements halting like he was cutting his way through a fog, made to stand beside him, Steve reached down and grabbed his helmet and his shield off the ground, and as he adjusted the shield on his arm, Tony said a somewhat confused, "No, we don't."
) or a botched mission with the Avengers (actually…not entirely unlikely). But seeing as none existed, none could be found, and the media was left with nothing but to either speculate on that (which they still did, though with less ferocity as they once had) or drop it all together and focus solely on the Tony-Stark-was-turned-into-a-woman-and-is- now-pregnant-with-Captain-America's-child (which was increasingly the angle because, as it turned out, it allowed them to
But unlike last time when the entire crowd erupted in a roar of confusion, this time, you could hear a pin drop. He blinked and startled at the reaction, at the way the journos before him sort of looked at each other like they weren't sure if this was a joke or not, and he glanced back at the others a moment to see if they were noticing what he noticed, several assorted looks of concern and confusion staring back at him.
lifetime, obviously. Sometimes you're a man and a woman, sometimes you're two women, sometimes you are as you were when I found you — two men."
He shuffled over to the staircase, tears stinging his eyes as he bit his lip at the agonizingly dull ache throbbing in his nether regions, and he looked at the steps and whined, but knowing he could not sit this one out no matter how much his body screamed at him to, he took another breath and began to walk up, slowly, one step at a time, clutching the railing with one hand and using it to help pull him up the steps, trying not to jostle the baby or aggravate himself any more than he already was.
"Yeah," he said, inputting a few codes into the module and not bothering to look at Barnes. "When I was a teenager, so, that clearly goes to show how useful it is."
He sighed. "Funny story that isn't actually all that funny. So, as you probably know, I'm getting married tomorrow, and my wonderful and thoughtful friends thought it would be 'fun' for us to engage in some old-fashioned wedding superstition crap, so they
"I'm not trying to get you to change your mind. I'm trying to get you to make sure this is what you really want and you're not just doing it because you think the world would rather deal with Anthony Edward than Antonia Natasha."
Tony rolled his eyes. "Put that thing away. I mean you as you are at this moment don't really understand that.
"As cool as it would be to get married in the Iron Man armor," Rhodey said and piled a slice of toast with eggs and bacon, "I think the Cap might see that as marrying 'Iron Man' when he really wants to marry Tony Stark."
Bruce shrugged, smiling sheepishly at him as he did so. "Maybe the penthouse is just homier or something?"
"She did," Bruce said with a sigh and rubbed his tired eyes beneath his glasses with his thumb and forefinger. "She did, Tony," he said and dropped his hand away. "And I know you— I know it's hard to admit, and I know it's hard to accept, especially with what's happened to you over the last twenty-four hours, but Steve's not coming home."
"Well," he said and sat back a little in his chair. "What would you have done had there not been a war?"
Still, this gave Esmeralda pause as she stood there a moment and thought about what Steve had said, and she tapped her chin a moment then said, "Possibly."
"Want me to make sure to toss it in your direction?" he asked as Thor nodded for them to follow after him.
So, Barnes stood there awkwardly, reaching up and scratching at the back of his head, and he made an unsure gesture in the direction of the elevator and said, "I'll be, uh…in my quarters…if you…"
Tony thought back a moment to the hesitance, the unease, the nervousness and misery that had plagued Barnes — jeez, maybe it was time to start referring to him by his first name, too? — when that fucking asshole Hydra agent had cornered him and taunted him. He didn't
He reached out and tucked behind her ear a few of the stray strands of hair that had escaped the ponytail holder. "Should probably see about getting you some new clothes, yeah? You've been running around in that for the last day-and-a-half."
Tony groaned again and smacked his head against Steve’s hip. “That twenty-pound little cock- blocker!”
"Yeah," he said, the word slightly gravelly, "yeah, they're—" He cleared his throat. "I just—" He turned to Tony, and Tony saw the tears had already wet his eyelashes. "How did you even find these?"
But thinking about it now — really putting his mind to it and trying to get a gut feeling for the situation — he did have a hunch or a modicum of intuition or something like that, but it wasn't…it wasn't the answer he wanted or was looking for. Not that there was anything
"No," Tony said and stepped closer, now resolute, the coffee left forgotten on the counter behind him. "Why would you think that? What made you think I wanted you to break up with me?"
"They met up with a lot more resistance than they thought they'd get," Natasha explained, pulling her hand back to brace it against the tabletop. "Happened the way we thought it would. The first target went offline as soon as they left the Tower. They were able to get to the third target in time, but they met up with a lot of resistance."
So, he didn't let himself think about it, and instead he debased himself to doing as he knew he'd have to do (even if he gave Steve the credit for it) and disguising his appearance to throw the dogs off the scent. Natasha let Tony borrow a long, blonde wig she had on hand, and for what he promised himself would be the one and only time in his life, he even dressed himself in an ensemble that
"Nah, not in trouble. Not anymore, anyway." He wiggled his left hand in Steve's grasp. "Got the license to prove it. I don't know if it counts if it's conceived out-of-wedlock…"
—" he motioned over Steve's very fit and firm body that was just…cut…in all the right… places…and he just…wanted to run his hands all over his chest and…lick…his abdomen and—
But then he blinked, and the mask was back, and the shell was all patched up. He closed his mouth and swallowed, and he nodded and then shrugged a little.
Steve stopped in his tracks and turned to stare accusingly at Tony, and Tony stopped and turned so it gave the impression he was staring right back at him.
He left the bathroom and went back over to his chair, seeing that the woman was gone and Steve was back to reading a magazine, long legs stretched out in front of him. He sat down, and Steve flipped a page and said, "You OK?"
"How are we the losers in that scenario?" Bucky asked, but Sam just rolled his chair so that he was cornering Steve in and, hopefully, blocking him from any view.
"I'm not through talking yet, Steve! I'm not even going to bring up what you did to my wrist. But tell me, Steve. Tell me I'm not just a replacement. Tell me you're not seeing some cheap, fucking replacement for Howard or Peggy or
Tony practically cried when he was met with that news the next morning, Hill, Natasha, Rhodey, and Bruce sitting in his kitchen and helping themselves to some sort of bountiful breakfast spread that had to have been delivered while he was still passed out in his big, empty, cold, barren, lonely bed. Sleeping alone for the night had been bad enough. Steve's presence was a sturdy rock for him to relax against and content himself with, and not having that, well,
"Kind of. Yeah. It's the 'in' thing now. Everyone's switching to LEDs. More expensive, but they use a hell of a lot less power than your standard incandescent."
He could do this. He could totally do this. He'd promised Steve, and even he himself was…trying to make an effort.
Tony hummed in contentment and said, "Remind me to buy them their own island nations for them to rule over like the magnificent queens that they are."
Tony just sat up, blinking the last remnants of sleep from his eyes as he tried to comprehend what he was seeing and
Tony just blinked and met her eyes, tying to draw himself out of the rabbit hole of painful thoughts he was falling into. He smiled at the honest and simple confusion that stared back at him.
Some of the eggs were just starting to get a little brown, so he pulled the pan off the heat and set it to the side and grabbed a plate out of the cabinet. He set the plate down and scooped the eggs onto it then grabbed the just-cooked bread out of the toaster and spread a little butter on it. OK, not too bad. Eggs weren't too overcooked, right? Wait, were they cooked? Fuck. Yeah, but the toast wasn't burned right? OK, too burned.
"Whatever," he muttered and sat back in his chair, twirling a stylus between his admittedly nimble fingers. Honestly, the phalangeal dexterity of this body was fantastic and probably the one thing that might make this whole not-turning-back thing not as inherently awful as it could be. "I think I've finally done it."
"You're just mad 'cause I used them the right way," Steve replied, but there was the hint of a smile on his face, so Tony knew he wasn't entirely put out by what he'd said.
He was just crossing through the living room when Pepper stepped off the elevator, dressed and looking a little anxious, and Tony frowned and said, "J, how come you didn't warn me Pep was coming up?"
"Trolled the internet a bit," he said and set the pictures back in the box, carefully, as though if he used any more pressure they would turn into dust. "Asked around — not as myself, obviously — got a hit, met up with the guy and his wife at a place down on Bleecker Street. Nice guy. Weirdly, in a superficial way, kind of reminds me of a dark-haired Steve. But with a beard — not one of those gross neck-beards but one of those nicely-groomed ones."
, and I never, ever want us to get anywhere close to that point, and I promise you we won't. But whereas there's a lot I
Tony frowned and looked at the bathroom door as he suddenly realized what was going on there. "What the hell are you doing jerking off in there? Get out here. Fuck, not like I haven't seen it before."
said was, "No," and he only knew this because Tony startled like he'd just been slapped in the face and said, "Oh, well, uh, I know my method is kind of lacking, but I thought I did pretty well giving you a few basic—"
about. He wasn't even sure how that was possible. Had their personalities been similar in any way, he might actually have begun to wonder if he truly had somehow had a vision of the future — of
"Fine," Tony muttered and looked over the chalked menu before he ordered a large of the house drip with a dash of vanilla and a heaping of whipped cream.
He could hear Barnes and Romanova talking with JARVIS to find out Tony's exact location and Barnes cursing him out as
"This doesn't mean I prefer you that way," Steve said with a roll of his eyes. "I've done drawings of you the way you are now. You've seen them."
Steve laughed. "And you wouldn't support her if she decided she wanted to go into music. She could be the next, uh..."
It was one reason he didn't have that much experience with long-term relationships. A casual fuck was just that. Casual. Brief. Didn't require much commitment or investment. Didn't require one to put much of themself into it beyond what it took to get their rocks off. But a long-term relationship? That left one open to flaws and weaknesses. It left one open to being laid out, spread open, picked apart and not put back together. And Tony… Tony couldn't chance that. Because Tony feared he wasn't strong enough to put himself back together again when he was inevitably broken and left for dead. Because he always would be. Because people always left him. Even Pepper did, and Pepper was the only one he could even fathom allowing himself to be vulnerable for.
represent the life's work of O. L. Edwards," she said and led them over to the introductory panel of the gallery. "She went by her initials because she was afraid she wouldn't be taken seriously if it was known she was a woman."
The Avengers had been a featured attraction of the gala the past two years, and this year was expected to be no different, no matter how much Barton hedged on whether he was even going or not or how much Bruce hesitated and said he'd probably have contracted some ancient fever that night or how much Steve claimed that he had better things to do than glad-hand and hobnob. They were all going, they were all expected to be going, and that was that.
, stable marriages. Your parents have been married, what, forty years now? And your grandparents were married for forty-five, wasn't it?"
He grabbed one then grabbed a second one because fuck it. He wasn't above eating macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs in it. He set the bowls on the counter then spooned out two helpings, one smaller and more child-friendly than the other. He glanced back to Rhodey and said, "You want in on this?"
"Leave him alone, Clint," Natasha said. "This whole thing can't be easy for him." She nodded at Steve. "Or him, for that matter."
"I wish I could take a nap," Tony muttered as Steve turned to make his way out of the kitchen. He stopped and turned back and watched as Tony continued to clean up his mess.
"You know it could," Bruce said solemnly. "To be fair, lots of things could. Every time you go out as Iron Man could be your last, but this… This is something you could actually do something about."
"She's going to be spoiled if people don't knock it off," Steve muttered, and Bucky sighed and shook his head.
Bruce was quiet a moment like he was trying to get his phrasing exactly right, and he simply said, "Just…drink a lot of water."
"They both sound the same," Steve countered. "And in that case, the comparison should be between 'Steven Stark' and 'Anthony Rogers.'"
him and wanted to be with him and had very happily created a life together with him. He knew Tony was right. Somehow, he knew it — whatever
He never did get his answer about the suit. Olivia got her soda after that, and for as wound up and talkative as she was, she did seem to tire easily, and though he had projects to work on, and he was pretty sure he and Rhodey had plans to hit up the bar that night and catch up on the craziness of their lives the past couple months, he ended up on the couch with a four-year-old snuggled up next to him as they watched some horrible kids' show on one of those stations he didn't even know existed because they only played stuff for kids. She didn't seem impressed with his insistence that the Avengers show that she seemed to be such a big fan of was not available for her to watch on Netflix, her jaw clenched, lips pursed, eyes narrowed, and brow drawn together, forming a sharp crease in the middle as she refuted Tony's insistence that it wasn't there for them to select.
Steve huddled closer to the ground and squeezed his eyes shut, trying his best to block out the murmurs and hums of seasonal tunes that surrounded him. It was his turn to get some shut-eye, and though he'd begun to suspect he didn't need as much as his fellow Commandos, he also wasn't about to turn down a few hours of down time if he could manage it.
"They invented inside jokes right after they developed fire," Bruce said, and Wilson clapped his back and said, "See, man? I knew you had it in you."
He pushed himself to his feet and grabbed his jacket from the back of his chair. He threaded his arms through the sleeves and grabbed his keys from the counter. They'd be coming to collect him for the mission soon, but he still had some time to himself. Maybe he'd go get a coffee. Maybe he'd grab a newspaper. Maybe he'd step in front of a bus.
," Wilson said, shaking his head but staring right back at Barnes, who continued to guzzle it down, milk dripping down the sides of his mouth and spilling onto his shirt. He continued to drink until there was no more, a good portion of it drenching his shirt, and he tipped his head back even more to get the last few droplets before he pulled the empty container away. He wiped his mouth off with the back of his hand and let out the most obscene belch Tony had ever heard before he said, "Oh, sorry, I just drank the last of it."
Hands braced on Steve's firm biceps, he canted his hips against Steve's, and Steve reached a hand out and rubbed his finger against the slight engorgement of Tony's clit. He gasped, not meaning to, and Steve grinned and rubbed his finger a little harder and said, "One of these days, I'm going to take you apart piece by piece until you're nothing but a mess of nerves begging for me to just let you come already."
"Thanks," he muttered and stuck another spoonful of gelato in his mouth. She just leaned forward and kissed his cheek.
listening," Steve said through his laughs, caressing his hands all over Tony's torso. "We're the most attractive couple in the history of existence."
Bruce sighed and fiddled a bit with the equipment. "I'm not sure that allowing…that…to continue unabated is in your best interests. The male body isn't designed to bear children, and with your heart—"
She shrugged. "I dunno. Y' had one, but then y' took it out, 'n' sometimes Daddy gets a yucky look on his face when y' talk 'bout it 'cuz they had to play Operation on you 'n' Daddy says he doesn't like t' think about it."
"I can't take it, Tony. I can't. This whole…" She made some vague gestures with her hands before she let out a heavy sigh, looked dead at him and said the six most horrible words in the English language.
"No," she said with a considered and curt shake of the head. "But it seemed like you were happy— or you thought you were happy. But now that you're with Steve, it doesn't
Thor had left immediately after their conversation to seek out the Goddess Esmeralda or whatever the hell she called herself, and the excitement of the day had left Tony drained of all his resources. He'd tried to make his way down to his lab, but Steve had steered him in the direction of the bedroom, insisting he take a hot shower and try to settle down. Tony asked if Steve wanted to join him, practically leering as he did so — even if he actually didn't really feel like doing anything like that at the moment, it was always nice getting soapy and wet with Steve — but Steve looked like he was about to be sick at the very thought of it, and Tony…
Towel still wrapped up in his hair, he pulled the one off his torso and dried himself off, and he rolled his eyes as the super solider spawn within him decided it was time to rouse from his nap.
"Eh," he said and thought about making a minor tweak to the size of the magnets but then decided against it at the last second. "From what I understand, it's going to get worse before it gets better— And where the hell is Brucie? He's supposed to give me a look-over or something."
They both jumped, startled by the appearance of a third voice, and they clamped their mouths shut and turned to face the intrusion. Sam and Bucky, an armload of presents each, stood just on the penthouse side of the elevator, staring at him and Tony. Sam's eyebrow was arched in annoyance while Bucky merely shook his head before he rolled his eyes in an exaggerated motion and scowled.
"About thirty minutes," Tony hummed back, picking up his empty plate to put in the dishwasher, "It's just outside the city. It's really gorgeous."
"Right, right. We can't forget Bruce's gifts." Steve hummed as he nuzzled Tony's neck. "They'll just add to our 'fucking fantastic' time." He repeated with a chuckle.
"Mmm. I have an idea why. Close up the body, Doctor. We're all done," Tony hummed, stripping off his gloves and disposing of them, "I'll be waiting in the carriage."
"He's gonna be just fine," Tony chuckled, leaning over go kiss Steve's cheek before putting the car in reverse, "He loves his Uncle Buck."
"Oh yeah?" Steve smirked back, nuzzling against Tony's ear. "Do you like to be played with, Tony?" He whispered against the man's ear before pulling away with a soft laugh.
He behaved himself for the rest of his bath, scrambling for his warm towel once Steve said he was done.
"I'm going to play with my tinker toys," Tony hummed, fetching his glasses from the bathroom rather than his contacts, "I've got some micro wiring to do."
"Hold on, baby," Tony replied, finishing his signature before standing and going to Steve's bedside, "Morning, sickly. Er, night. Morning. It's almost midnight."
"Of course, baby." He grinned cheekily, setting his and Peter's treat in the cup holders before starting the car and heading to the Barton-Barnes home. "Hope the boys had a good time.
"Now, don't flinch, but I'm going to put this blindfold on you. You won't have it on long, but I don't want you to see what I'm going to go get," Tony instructed carefully, wrapping the black silk over Steve's eyes, "One second, babe." Tony quickly made work of getting his toys ready, laying them out on the desk in the order he wanted.
"Not surprised. Nat's a domineer," Tony laughed, looking up at Steve, "She probably made Clint and him go at it for hours before she joined them."
"I wouldn't have though. Promise. You're too handsome to throttle." Steve joked lightly. "He'd believe you though if you told him enough. He looks up to you so much."
"Stevie, baby, shh, its okay. Go to your apartment, I'll call boss man, okay?" Tony was already out of bed, massaging Steve's shoulders as he pushed the blond toward the door.
"What are you searching for? I can help with whatever you thought up." He announced, watching Tony dig.
Once they actually got into the car, Steve took Tony's face in his hands and brought him into an excited kiss.
"When do you plan on telling us the situation that led to our little pow-wow here? Because I'm sure we all would like to know what led our friend- or I could even go to say brother, we've been that close- to having to see a therapist so suddenly. The 'incident' that led to it."
Sammy babbled back happily, crawling up onto Steve to sit on his chest. Peter tsked and rolled his eyes, dragging out his coloring book and crayons before laying down on the floor.
He gently grinded Steve's lap, looking back at him with a cheeky grin. Steve let out a small groan as Tony ground against him.
"Mmm, some things are allowed," Tony laughed, blinding reaching for a drawer to pull out a pack of lube, pulling back from Steve only to shed the rest of his clothes.
"I didn't know Tony had a friend over. Its been quite a while since I have stumbled upon one here without him mentioning it, as well." She spoke with a bit of aggravation in her tone.
He leaned into Steve's embrace, letting his eyes drift shut. Steve petted at Tony's hair gently, trying to soothe and relax him as they sat in silence for a while.
Steve ran a hand carefully over Tony's bare behind with a hum. "Now, how many times have you done that at school? And don't lie to me." He said softly.
"Have you been bad?" Steve asked softly, moving to the desk to find the silk ties. "Only bad pets deserve to be tied up."
"Thanks for telling me, babe." He grinned, moving his hips down harder at the spot and picking up some speed. "And you were saying, we-- ah-- we can what?"
"At least you're responsible enough to let me know. Thank you, munchkin." Steve praised, taking Sammy and a spit bib to burp the boy.
"Sleep it is, then. Goodnight. I love you." He whispered to his husband, hearing Peter grunt beside him. "Love you too, munchkin."
"That song is so sad and you know it, you butt," Tony sniffled, unable to help dissolving into giggles, "Poor Sammy. Kid's already having a rough night." He wiped his eyes and turned his head to look at the baby, smiling softly as Sammy kicked his legs up in the air.
"Am I still needed to answer his question, Mr. Stark?" Sam asked curiously, looking between Tony and the direction Steve had left to.
“And poops. That’s why babies have diapers and why we go through them so quickly." Steve sighed at the baby, who just gave a toothless smile back. "And he knows we are stuck cleaning it for him. For now. As soon as we are able, you are getting potty trained, kid."
"Do not encourage him," Tony replied flatly, raising an eyebrow, "And please don't say he's like me."
"Here's to hoping the second one isn't a total horrid," Tony laughed, "I betcha he's gonna be stubborn like you, and try and get Pete in trouble. When they're older."
"Here, I'll help ya in the bath then we'll rest your legs in bed, okay?" He smiled, kissing the top of his head as they headed to the bathroom.
Walking into reception, Tony signed them in at the desk before heading over to the elevator, punching the button on the third floor.
"But you said we was going to the 'quariuuuum," Pete whined, stomping on the bed, "You said Daddy was goin'!"
Steve went to wash Tony's hair in return, staying quiet for the moment. "Plus I don't wanna see how stupid my face gets when you're pounding into me. It’s weird." He chuckles.
As he got ready to leave for his job that afternoon at the art museum, Steve checked his mail to realize that his was mixed with someone's down the hall.
When he came back to the room with the coffee and sandwiches, Steve shook his head fondly, seeing Tony asleep again. He set the things on the nightstand and climbed onto the bed with Tony.
"Kneel on the bed, head down, arch your butt up and face away from me. I want to see that pretty ass of yours."
"At least it's settled down for a while," Tony murmured, kissing at Steve's collar, "We've got a couple weeks before I need to get back to inventing stuff."
Steve kissed back, giving a light hum at the pet name. He nuzzled back before Tony fell asleep, the man's heartbeat lulling him into sleep as well.
Tony set the basket on the counter and made fast work of getting Peter tucked into bed, making sure Wade was snuggled in beside him before going downstairs to unpack the basket and put everything away. He'd only thrown the picnic blanket in the washer when familiar arms wrapped around his waist.
"And I definitely wanna talk about this business of potentially being a superhero." Clint chimed in. "I have some serious idea inputs for sure."
"For first-time mothers, it's rare. It definitely could if her family has a history of it though," Tony chuckled, playing with the hairs at the nape of Steve's neck, "Yeah, Sharon seems like a swell gal. I can't wait to meet her."
Tony tugged Steve into his arms, grunting as they staggered to the bathroom. While Tony started the bath, Steve moved to sit onto the edge of the tub, wincing slightly as he sat down.
"It's okay," Tony mumbled back, tracing shapes on Steve's chest, "I'd just rather not think about it."
Tony arched off the bed and came with a cry, digging his nails into Steve's back as he spilled over his chest.
"I'm gonna work you slow," Tony murmured, giving Steve an ample time to adjust before slipping a second finger in, "You okay?"
"Now, I don't think you've showered before. Have you? Or just baths?" Tony asked, unclipping Peter's overalls.
"Well, when this semester is actually over, I am able to transfer to a 4 year college. Ms. Wyatt thinks that with my portfolio, I could get art scholarships fairly easy and virtually go to any school I wanted through those.And I've heard California is great in the summer.".
"It's--It's just super embarrassing," he muttered, feeling his cheeks flare up, "I'm supposed to be some ladies’ man and I've
“I'm always good to my boy," Tony murmured, rubbing circles in his back, "No matter how bad you get, I'll always be good to you." He kissed up Steve's jaw, slowly slipping out of him to let Steve readjust.
"Yes honey," Tony replied, knowing there was no point in lying to a brilliant child, "I bet if you ask nicely, they'll stay here so you can play in your new room. Uncle Bruce'll help you with you chemistry set, yeah?"
"I'm pretty sure the soul bond makes me more needy, too," Tony mumbled, kissing down Steve's jaw, "Just want you and need you, Steve, need
"Food." Steve assured with a grin, setting a small bowl of macaroni and a glass of juice in front of Peter. He then turned to get his and Tony's bowls, setting them in their place on the table.
"I wanna get 'im a pink marker," Peter explained, "He's got funny lines on 'im, an' I betcha he'd wanna cover 'em up, so he can use deh marker to make them all the same color."
"I told you I made you a cake. With you working, I was able to sneak it. Trust me." He smiled at Tony, setting the cake on the table.
Tony instinctively took a half step back, immediately realizing his mistake as Steve had quite literally backed him into a corner.
"Well, I'll hold off. You did say you wanted to snuggle today," Tony hummed, smooching Steve's cheek before settling on his chest, picking at a loose string on his shirt, "I love you, y'know."
"No, no, I've missed it," Tony breathed, helping Steve out of his clothes, tugging him into the bedroom, "I miss you being rough with me--"
"Now," Rhodes continued "now we work on helping you see and accept that you can overcome this terrible event of your past. That yeah, back then, that situation had left you broken. But that doesn't mean you can't mend and be stronger from mending."
He tugged Steve to his chest, hands back in his hair. Steve kissed at the center of Tony's chest sweetly, tracing small shapes along his stomach with his fingers.
Peter sighed and put his book down, reaching out for the baby. He settled Sammy on his chest, smooching the baby's cheek before starting to gently rock the hammock.
Peter sobbed into Steve's chest, clutching at his shirt with tiny hiccups. He sniffled and curled up tighter, whimpering quietly till he calmed himself down. Steve rocked the boy gently with soft hums, rubbing Peter's back soothingly.
"There's a reason I'm in a hoodie with sunglasses in May," He pointed out, "I don't want to do anything public you're uncomfortable with, babe."
"Don't cry, bubba bug. Papa's right here, I promise." Steve soothed, smooching the baby's cheeks and scooping him up once his onesie was buttoned again.
He turned to look back at his choices again, just in case, giggling as he picked up Disney Princess ones.
“You have a point. Suppose you should go and make an extra spot on the bed tonight for the egg. Make sure it can be comfortable and warm and safe,” the brunet murmured, earning a soft smile from his boyfriend “Dodger is still on the floor tonight, though. I’m not budging on that.”
"Hearing my thoughts?" Steve whispered back, Frosty the Snowman keeping the others occupied. "I never said anything about the mistletoe, or the thing with Gordon Ramsey. But I thought it."
"Sorry, bubba. We don't like making you upset, but--" Steve started sadly, sighing again. "You have to learn that certain actions have certain consequences..."
“As long as we try to get ahold of him. If I end up stuck like this for just a little while or… long term, I’d like to at least know how to handle it.” Steve said back, a soft sadness hidden in his tone. “There is still tonight and tomorrow night in this go round of changes, and I’d like some advice if this is something I’ll be forced biologically to do.”
"Now then," Fury continued at a normal tone, "Don't be going towards any more humans. Is that understood, Captain?"
help." Steve reiterated, looking carefully to Tony with determination. "I wanna help you feel as good as you helped me feel with that, Tony. Besides, I still need practice. Please let me."
"Yeah baby, that's the drip bag, it's what helping keep your allergy away," Tony murmured, running his thumb over the boy's hand reassuringly, "A few hours and we'll be able to take it out, get you bandaged up and go home, okay? We can all sleep in Papa's and my bed tonight, extra special."
He came not long after with a deep moan, head resting against Tony's back as orgasm washed over him.
Steve purred back, leaning into the touches. "Don't worry. I have something like that picked out for you.   And it’s well hidden--"
"Yep. We were thinking of the idea for a while, but we needed you to be okay with it before we decided to start working on it. So you have made us really happy, baby boy." Steve praised, smooching Peter's head.
"I bet if I asked Stark, he would say the opposite," Bucky hummed, starting on the drawers, "But that's y'own bed life."
"What's wrong, honey?" he asked quietly, taking note of Steve's red face before moving to Peter, "There's no need for tears, lil 'un."
"Okay, okay, calm down," Tony laughed, setting Peter on his feet, "Go get your boots, and we'll start."
"'Kay. I understand," he replied, "No handcuffs. However, I like handcuffs on me, so if you're brave enough to tackle me down, don't hesitate."
"DUM-E, you will put down that fire extinguisher before you say hello. We don't want to scare our friend here."
The blond scooted to the end of the bed, reaching out to pet the top of Tony's head. "What is it, pet? What do you want?"
"Glad I didn't hurt you." He breathed, relaxing against Tony gently. "Remember how I mentioned that I had a reoccurring nightmare, too?"
"I try'ta be good. I have my morals. I know not'ta cheat." He hummed, kissing at Tony's neck. "I'll never cheat on ya, Tony..."
"Well I'd hate to step on your feet. I could take them clean off, and you need every height advantage you can get, babe." He teased playfully, earning him a smack in the arm.
Peter nodded and stayed settled, not asking any further. He was already in trouble today. No need to get into more.
"Hell yes." Steve said excitedly, padding over to the mattress with Tony. He stretched onto the blankets, curling into Tony and getting them comfortable, eyes raking over the other.
'I-- So what if I might think you are? That's not the important point here!' Steve said flustered, trying to burying himself inside of the hoodie he was wearing.
"Yes, Raavi, but not for me today. I've brought a friend." Tony stated with a friendly grin back, presenting Steve.
"Would you...please?" He asked softly, nuzzling Tony's cheek. "We could switch off somewhere in-between if you wanted to."
"JARVIS? How long have I been working today?". The brunette yelled out into nothingness while he tried to find a stopping point in his work. A voice was similarly heard out of the same nothingness in response.
"We'll get to have a baby." Steve breathed, excitement building up in his body. "We'll get to have a baby!"
“I have no problem with you staying and talking, Buck. You know that,” Steve said softly with a smile, nodding back at him.
"Special thing I ordered that I didn't tell you about," Tony replied, writing off the check with a little plus, ripping it off and handing it to Bruce, "Thanks, man. You're amazing."
"You love a lot of things," Tony snorted, going over to kiss Steve's cheek, "Love you too, cheeseball."
"A little bit." Steve said softly, petting Peter's hair. "We were talking about what a smart boy you are and how much we love you. Then we started to say that we can't wait to be able to have two sweet kids running around." He smiled sweetly.
"Patience." He murmured, sneaking a hand around Tony's cock. Steve started to stroke the man as he started up his thrusts, already feeling Tony begin to clench around him.
"He's a good kid, he really is," Tony murmured back, reaching up to pet Steve's hair, "We got so lucky, Steve. So damn lucky."
"Sshhh, Peter, it’s okay. It’s just socks and water, munchkin. Here--" Steve said softly, reaching to carefully pull Peter's socks off and toss them in the hamper.
"You're such a jealous little bear," he chuckled softly, "But you're right, Sammy's too young to be a superhero just yet. He's your damsel-in-distress, right?"
He pressed a kiss to Peter's cheek before letting the water drain, picking him up out of the water to dry him off with a fluffy towel.
"Don't mention it, kid." Tony teased, winking playfully at Steve. "Now then, how about we head back home for today and come explore more of the boardwalk tomorrow? You can rest, and I can introduce you to movies while we relax. Sound like a plan, soldier?"
"It is a big deal when you get self-conscious, considering you jump into almost everything with renewed eagerness," Tony pointed out, sitting down next to Steve on the shower bench.
"You contributed to that, Mr. Ride me off into the sunset." Steve replied with a half asleep smirk, leaning up with a stretch and getting out of bed to get Sammy.
. By that time, I'd met Clint, and he saw the scars all over me. I used to have purple hips from how bruised they were. When I turned eleven, Clint and I made a plan to escape, and I'd live with him till I could go to college."
"I-- it's going to be very uncomfortable to explain," Tony muttered, "Can we at least put clothes on for this? Cause-- it's gonna take a while, and it’s cold."
Steve waited until Tony's breathing evened out, heartbeat steadying out against his chest. He let his husband's soft breaths lull him into sleep, dreamless and deep.
"Sowwy," Peter mouthed around his last bite, swallowing it with his juice, "Can I go put the movie in?"
"I love you. You are a great husband and a great father. I want you to know that." He stated with a soft smile. "Guess I'll clean up in here then while you do that."
"I won't get worked up if I know how you're feeling, To-- Seinfeld? Why Seinfeld? Seinfeld is funny, and I don't find this funny." Steve said, Clint shrugging in response.
"I'm sure your pop won't mind a sandwich for a light lunch." Bucky shrugged. "As long as you eat the dinner, he'll be glad."
"It really does. We'll blink and they'll be grown-ups." Steve said quietly. "I don't even wanna think of my babies getting old. Not at all. They need to stay sweet babies forever."
"I know you like classy, so I went a little old-fashioned," Tony hummed, setting their suitcases in the master bedroom, "Though I went a little modern with silk sheets."
"I can be the bride. But Tony Rogers sounds weird. Steve Stark isn't much better. Steve Rogers-Stark? Steve Stark-Rogers? Stark-Rogers. Yep. That's it. I mean, you'll probably wear the white tux, being you're the innocent one, right?" Tony grinned, pressing kisses to Steve's breastbone.
"I know, lovie. It's late anyway, you should rest," Tony hummed, smooching Steve's forehead, "Tomorrow's gonna be busy for us. Well, me, since you'll be getting the people settled. I'll get Peter going, and we'll start cleaning the house."
He swooped Sammy up into his arms, singing under his breath as he danced the baby back up to the art room, not surprised to see Peter doodling on Steve's arms with marker.
"Steeeve," Tony grumbled, voice a pitch higher than intended, "You know I don't like being embarrassed."
Steve gave him a serious look, pointing in the direction of the corner.  "Go sit. Now. I am sending evidence of this to your father then I am going to start trying to clean. You are to stay there until I say otherwise."
"Probably because it wasn't out where most people would walk in." He figured, looking to Tony carefully. "So what number does that all total up to?"
"Hey! Could you build me some super tech-y arrows?" Purple Shirt asked with a hopeful grin, earning a smack from Red. "What? It'd be cool to have exploding ones!"
"To be honest, it overwhelms me a little," Tony shrugged, leaning up to peck Steve's cheek, "But I wanna pleasure you as best I can, so I'm gonna find everything about you that ticks." He grinned, picking up a cockring while he spoke.
"I know it probably wasn't a preferred thing, but if you hadn't he wouldn't have had someone to help him get away. So thank you for that." Steve thanked softly.
up, anyway." Steve explained. "That seems fair. And I am going to be straightening things up before Bucky, Clint, Natasha, Pepper, and Bruce come over." He hummed, heading to his plate and kissing the boys thank you again.
"Yeah. I'm glad I got someone hand-picked," Tony chuckled, "Makes it all a lot easier to fall into place, I suppose. Like a family, or the house, or just our lives in general--"
"God, I hope not. I think he'll be to over the moon over what I installed to be mad," Tony grinned, "You get to wait for that surprise, too. It's pretty cool."
A soft knock came at their door, followed by a tiny squeak of the door hinges. Peter's little face peeked up from the end of the bed as he tossed his teddy up, then proceeded to crawl up. He looked at them for a second before crawling beside them, gently pushing on Tony's side. Tony laughed through his sobs, moving off Steve so Peter could crawl on.
He wanted to rub the boy's back soothingly, but felt it wouldn't be right to just yet. "Daddy and I were just discussing something and it made us upset, but not to that point, sweetheart."
He pulled back and gently ran his thumb over Steve's lips, smirking at how the blond shivered under him.
be the favorite once I give him the birds and the bees talk. He'll feel so awkward around me, good god," Tony laughed.
As Tony worked on the other stockings, Steve set to stuffing Tony's. He slipped in a few different candies near the bottom and some coupons to the bakery down a few blocks where he knew Tony like their donuts. The blond had also managed to model a miniature DUM-E out of clay and had it fired and glazed, topping it with a few sketch pages he had drawn of the man careful rolled and stuck into the stocking.
He dropped the rope tied to his suit, speed-walking towards the figure. The closer he got, the more sure he was that it was Steve.
"We'll try to, munchkin. We don't mean to be loud, promise." Steve answered with a sigh, glad Peter didn't catch on. "So, are we good? Got everything explained and better now?"
"You really just want to get spanked, don't you?" Tony replied in a clipped voice. He spanked Steve again, giving him a good twenty swats with the paddle till his ass reddened, brightly contrasted against his darkening panties. "Are you getting wet, Steve?" he mock gasped, feeling up the slightly damp silk.
"You're very good f'me. Very good. But relax, 'kay?" Steve whispered, leaving loving kisses from head to toe, just cherishing the man.
. There were those damn puppy dog eyes again. He still hasn't figured out how to say no to them, and he is honestly sure he never will be able to. Closing his eyes with a resigned sigh, Tony nodded, the blond beaming in reply.
Steve settled into the chair, crossing his ankles and fiddling gently with the lace at the end of the skirt. He shook his head softly.
"Big boy's go to bed on time," Tony pointed out, glancing at his watch, "You've got about five minutes till lights out, young man."
Looking over at Steve, Tony raked his eyes over his husband’s body, flicking his hand to have JARVIS lower the blinds.
"Stan? Like, grey on the sides, dark on top, Stan?" Bruce interrupted, "That guy's a genius, Steve. No way could he have messed it up."
He continued to pet Tony's hair, chuckling at the reaction. "You're just like a big ol' kitty cat sometimes, I swear."
"Okay. Okay, we can have that done. It'll be a bit lonely in the bed, but'll just be a night, right?" Steve said with a small laugh, leading Tony back to their room to find three familiar faces around the bassinet.
"Very nice, munchkin. I like the final touches." The blond grinned, admiring his ink. "You don't mind if I pay with hugs and kissies, do you? I'm a little short on cash." He teased.
"Don't gotta tell me twice." Bucky chimed, giving each one of the Stark-Rogers a hug before migrating directly to the kitchen.
"You outdid yourself, Stevie," Tony hummed, reaching across the table to brush his thumb over Steve's knuckles, "You're an amazing cook."
He quietly got out of the car and rounded over to Sammy's side, hefting the baby carrier out of the car without waking Pete; he smiled down at the gurgling baby, brushing Sam's fine hair aside while taking him up to their room.
Steve cheeks managed to flush anyway, Bucky stifling a small chuckle. The blond huffed slightly, crossing his arms. "Well, if that's your issue, then you can either stay on this floor or in the guesthouse." He stated firm. "If we drink, no one's driving."
"Gotcha some water here if you are thirsty and we are right in the other room if you need us, okay? Just call for us and we'll come running." He explained, tucking the boy in.
"All right, all right. Pizza nibbles for Prince Peter. Courtesy of Knight Papa, my liege." Steve said with a flair as he set the plate down in front of the boy, off to get their own plates.
He nonchalantly stretched out on the couch to lounge, shutting his eyes to help give Peter his element of surprise.
"I hope so. Sammy already likes Peter, so I hope Peter does end up liking the baby back." He murmured, leaning into Tony's touch.
"I like Daddy's plan. Nice and fair." The blond murmured, smooching Peter's face before lifting him in his arms.
"Jay, gimmie some rock and roll. Not too loud to break the soundproof, please," he called out, thrumming happily at his AC/DC.
Steve had skimmed over it as Tony read through, taking the papers and making sure to sign everything he needed to. With the last swish of the
Steve set the cut cookie onto the baking sheets as Peter cut them, helping the boy when he needed it. "Once you get older and bigger, you'll be able to reach a lot better."
"I don't think I could tell you everything you make me feel, love. It's...It's something I can't describe," he murmured.
"Ooo, then we could have us a hayday, couldn't we?" Steve smirked. "Of course, I do recall that you said you were saving to do something on our wedding night, now that I remember. Care to enlighten me?"
"Well, someone's dick is currently pressing into my stomach, and I don't think I can sleep with your rock-hard cock nudging me," Tony replied bluntly, enjoying the flush that raced over Steve's cheeks.
Steve grinned up at Tony almost bashfully, pushing feeling through the bond. He brushed his nose lovingly against Tony's inner thigh, humming in affection.
"Excellent. Definitely doing that. Makin' love under the stars," Tony murmured, gently kissing at Steve's neck.
Peter squeaked and didn't reply, opting to hunker down in his chair with an embarrassed flush on his face.
Steve nodded, curling up in the blanket. "I can talk. But you don't have to turn the heat up. Just phantom chills, they'll pass..."
"Alright. We're all ready to go? We'll get you loaded up in the car, buddy." He grinned, picking up Peter's suitcase.
"We're going to my apartment to have angry sex and I'm telling Pepper to send your termination papers for that asshole and new papers to be my assistant," He hissed, putting Steve in the car before getting back into the driver's seat, roaring off back to their apartments.
Steve grinned and smooched back, then going to smooch Peter's cheeks. "You're six. You're supposed to think it’s gross." He laughed, wiping flour on Peter's nose.
"I'll behave and stay out of your thoughts," Tony promised, grinning as he grinded down onto Steve, "Unless you don't want me to behave."
"Mmm, I'll get some tomorrow while you're a work. It'll be fresh in the morning," Tony hummed, swiping the check from the waitress before Steve could nab it.
"The world is absolutely awful," Tony replied, swinging himself upright while grabbing his pipe, "How may I assist you gentlemen?"
"Right. Nowhere to go but up. As long as you do it all to feel better, that’s all I could want for you." He hummed gently, giving one last kiss before going to get dressed.
"I hope to God you don't have pneumonia, Tony." Steve hummed, reaching and stroking Tony's face gently. "But why did Bucky yell at you?"
Steve hummed, running the ruler along Tony's back. "Isn't your birthday today, Tony?" He asked in mock curiosity. "Think I should give you birthday swats?"
He stopped abruptly and stole a glance at the opposite side of the road, at the overgrowth of brush and trees cast in shadows. Tony followed his look and said, "What?"
"Uh, yeah," he said as he handed the slip over, Tracy's eyes going wide in what was clearly surprise at the number, "you're probably going to have to pay taxes on that. I'd contact an accountant if I were you in order to figure out the best way of claiming it so you don't lose it all."
"I assure you it was all in good fun," Thor said with a knowing smile, as though he thought Steve was going to take umbrage at something he'd said.
Tony shrugged again. "Doesn't hurt to hear every so often." He patted the small-but-growing bulge of his abdomen and added, "This is going to get a lot worse before it gets better."
Tony hummed out a response that was supposed to sound a little bit like 'I don't know.' And was it him, or did Steve's voice sound just a little distant?
Steve directed a look at Sam and Bucky, and Bucky kept his gaze on the TV as he said, "I don't even know why we bother. It's not like we're good enough to be her godfather."
Bucky looked up from the acoustic guitar he was attempting to tune — a gift from Natasha, as it turned out — and he furrowed his brow at the box Steve held in his hand before understanding came over his face, and he shot a surreptitious glance at Tony and said, "Uh, yeah, we both kind of wanted to lay claim to it."
Steve shrugged, Tony holding onto one arm, Olivia secure in his other, and led them down the street toward what Tony said was the center of town.
"Because as soon as I fall asleep, someone else is going to wake up looking for a meal, and she can't just have J order her something from Mama Lucita's."
Her eyes went wide. "But that's what you said! Daddy heard it, too. He tol' me I didn't hear that, but I heard it!"
She said those last few words like they were somehow beneath her — like it was the phrasing of some poor, uneducated slob that couldn't possibly know better.
," Steve muttered, scoffing at the word. "Can she be reasoned with? If we talk to her, can we reason with her?"
Steve just looked at him, daring Tony to deny the claim. Tony held his ground and stared right back, but goddamn it, that Stare of Disapproval was too much for even him to overcome.
Steve just stepped out of the way of a speeding DUM-E, who had a wet and used mop in his claw. He watched after him a moment then nodded his head at the 'bot.
"Um, I'm sorry," someone said, and Tony turned back to see it was someone sitting in the front row. "Are you trying to tell us that—"
Tony went to say something when he realized an older couple seated at the table beside them was giving them funny looks. Tony met their confusion head-on and said, "Yes?" like they were the crazy ones and not him and Steve.
He glanced at the little girl in the back seat and focused his gaze on the stuffed toys in her hand. What had Tony called them? Revengers or something like that, wasn't it?
"Oh, that had to have been a publicity thing! I don't think they were really dating. It was probably made up for the press."
And then, from behind him, came an odd tinkling sound like ice in a crystal tumbler and a voice guaranteed to set his nerves on edge.
"Sorry," Steve said with a shrug. "No take-backs. Should have read the fine print on your contract."
He went in and closed the door behind him, and he dropped the bag on the floor and felt another upheaval of tears. He put a hand to his abdomen and took several deep breaths to try and stop them, but it became too much, and he choked out a sob and let the tears flow once again.
family, even if the other Avengers are kind of like family, too. I can't tell you how or why that's the case, but don't worry. You're not neglecting anyone. No one would ever use the term 'deadbeat dad' to describe Captain America."
"Are you humoring me?" Steve asked, his tone such that Tony knew he full-well knew Tony was humoring him.
"Sounds like she's right there in the room with you." Jesus, nothing got past this old dinosaur, did it? "Is it a she? I'm not good with voices when they're that young. She sounds young."
feel. Four months ago, I got turned into a woman. I thought it was a joke. I didn't think it was going to last. I had a lot of sex with my hot, super soldier fiancé and took absolutely
car go by in the amount of time we've been on this road? No. I'm just saying, if someone were to come up to us and kill us right now, our bodies wouldn't be found for weeks — if ever."
"I don't know," he said and frowned. "I just felt a weird twinge down there. Like a flutter of some kind." He glanced back up and met Steve's concerned gaze. "
Tony looked at the cabin that had come into view. "Uh… Isn't this how every single slasher film starts?" he asked as Steve pulled the car around to the back of the cabin.
it in his bones. This was his flesh and blood, this obstinate little titan too smart for her own good, and the hell anyone was taking her away from him. Bruce would sigh at him and shake his head; Rhodey would give him that
Tony made a face and adjusted his hold of Olivia in his arms, her eyelids drooping as it neared the time for her morning nap. "Uh, what? This isn't a competition. You don't have to get me something just as extravagant. Just tell me you like it."
Under cover of night, several members of the Council — once King Howard's Council — made the trek out to just beyond the reaches of the town's first fortifications, to a small stone cottage in the midst of a field. The flicker of candlelight could be seen through glass windows, and the Council took it as a good omen that their trek was not for nothing. The Red Witch was home, and they could only hope she would be most hospitable to them and their aims.
"Very weird. Very weird. I mean, just in the I-wasn't-born-with-this-body-so-I'm-not-used-to-this kind of a way. I mean, I've got something living growing inside of me that
"I, uh," The brunet started unceremoniously, voice low "I did. I said there was more if you wanted there to be. I'm guessing that you do?"
Tony threw himself into his work, catching up on the thirty-some projects he'd let slip. He burned his fingers a little, and there was blood on some of the wires, but he kept on keeping on.
"We know you feel nervous about it, baby, but we are just trying to help. Daddy and I both have had our share with bullies, and we just want to try and stop it before it starts with you."
"All of the things you told me about Howard, everything he said about you? They are all true. Without that suit, you are nothing but a useless disappointment, a pitiful man who places himself alongside
"A hospital didn't do any good last time," he laughed softly, "I just... need time. A hell of a lot of time. And we need to make another appointment with that doctor."
"Eight years," Tony replied quietly, setting his empty coke can down, "I don't usually leave my apartment. Have you seen a little short guy, floppy brown hair, glasses, reeks of geek? That's my friend Bruce. He checks up on me now and again to make sure I'm eating and shit." He waved his hand, turning himself around so his head was in Steve's lap.
"Good boy..." Steve whispered softly before starting to move his hips and beginning to thrust gently. He reached up and ran his fingers softly through Tony's hair.
Steve hadn't been there to watch that Tony save them, but he felt it probably wasn't much different than when his Tony had drifted, wanting to hold on for Pepper and for Morgan, his wife telling him it was okay. That he could rest.
"Probably. But it doesn't matter, I'm riding my high still," Tony murmured, happily letting his eyes shut as he snuggled Steve.
"I know you're sorry, but you have to learn." Steve said, folding his belt over once and patting at his lap.
"I dunno, if I were him and could get away from my parents to a place I never got in trouble..." Tony harrumphed, dancing his fingers down Steve's chest.
"I know," Tony reached over and squeezed Steve's knee, "This is just.... something he needs to learn. Okay?"
"You can't what, Tony?" He asked quietly. Steve was concerned for him, unsure of how his condition escalated.
Tony plopped a kiss on top of the boy's head, managing to get his arms underneath Peter so he could stand without the boy falling over. He put the tyke in his high chair, wrapping a bib around his neck.
Sammy chewed on his teether and made a light noise, kicking his feet against the high chair with a giggle.
Peter whipped his head around and spotted Steve, immediately snapping the book shut and tossing aside. He scooped Sammy up and climbed up into the hammock, hoping they were hidden from Steve.
Peter squeaked out a giggle at Steve's reaction, letting out an over-exaggerated "Ewwwww!" at his Papa's comment.
Peter eagerly chowed down on his food, kicking his feet lightly against his chair; he turned to Steve, accidentally knocking his juice down the front of his pajamas.
he was asleep, but he could hear Howard, and in through the door stumbled his ten year old self, clothes being ripped off as his
Still crying, Peter nodded, letting Steve pick him up out of the tub and wrap a towel around him. He hiccuped as he tried to settle, bottom lip quivering as he was put in pajamas.
"Yeah!" Peter bounced, Leading Tony to the swings and urging the man to sit in the swing next to him.
This face looked more like a real  human. The body must be some sort of armor then? Steve looked closer at the face and checked for any signs of the human being alive. God, he hoped it was. He placed his ear extremely close to the nose. He heard slight breathing noise coming from it. The human was alive, just unconscious. Steve sighed in relief. He doesn't know what he would of done if the human had... Well, Steve just didn't want to think about it. As he pulled back, he turned and got a better look at the human.
Tony didn't answer, in favor of tossing his bloody sweats into the hamper so he could quickly bandage both of his legs, fingers twitching to grab the razor again. He ignored the impulse, opting to grab new sweatpants instead.
"The penguins are always fun, especially the baby ones," Tony hummed, reaching up to pet Peter's hair with his other hand, "They're so cute."
He grinned, dissolving into giggles anyway. The blond couldn't help but giggle along with the other, nuzzling into Tony's hair.
"That’s the plan, yeah? Want you to come. Want you to feel so good, baby." He breathed, moaning quietly as he brought Tony into a wet kiss. He continued to massage the man's hips to contrast the deep thrusts.
Steve snorted a laugh at the excuse. "Honestly have never heard that as an explanation before. But I'm not opposed to some shower sex every now and again." He grinned
"I'm so sorry, Tony." Steve whispered quietly, moving to wrap his arms around Tony comfortingly. "I can't imagine-- I--I'm sorry that happened..."
"I am doing nothing of the sort. I am simply reading the spaces in no particular order." Steve explained, quirking a brow at the other. "Now then, are we yet to the point of you tell me what you know of our case?"
"Oh goodness, he'll be a terror when he starts moving around." Steve laughed nervously. "Sure to give me a heart attack from keeping him from getting into things."
"But you should feel lucky. Most parents kill for their baby's first word to be theirs." Steve explained as he bounced Sammy on his knee. "Pretty sure he is gonna say 'Bubba' first."
"C’mon, gripes. We'll take my car. No more of that talk." Tony laced their fingers together, trying very hard to not stare at Steve in uniform.
