“I insist. It’s my
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then what the hell are you doing here? It’s not like I’m gonna help you with whatever job it is you’re working.”
“Where are you going?”  James whispered, sliding clumsily down the hill.
“Yeah.” Dean cleared his throat. “I get that a lot.” Whenever Dean healed someone, that was almost always the first thing they noticed. People close to death often noticed things others wouldn’t, or couldn’t.
“He said he went to Saint Mary’s Church to pay Father DeMatteo and Bishop Tamsen a visit. Whatever that means.”  Dean sighed as he started the Impala, backing it out of the driveway.
Sam scoffed as he walked over to the Impala in silence.
Azazel let out a hearty chuckle. “You know, the Son of God turning out to be the older brother of my VIP makes for such a nice conflict of interest, doesn’t it? You’re an insurance policy, Dean. And you’ve been so very helpful to me.” Azazel grinned. “Still… I gotta admit… it’s a good thing Heaven cloaked you. Otherwise, your mommy’s sweet little ass wouldn’t have been the only one burning on the ceiling.”
why you’re getting the stigmata. They’re marking you as the Son of God.”
“Today, in your hearing, it’s been fulfilled,” Jesus explained.
James wrapped it around himself and lay down.  He was asleep within moments.
With that, Dean walked away.
As Dean made his way down the steps of the porch, his eyes set themselves hard on the Impala. He paused for a long moment before he walked over to it, running his hand slowly against the hood as he worked his way over to the driver’s side door. Unlocking it, he climbed in, shutting the door with a thud.
Dean was to do the same. He and Sam
:: Although Jesus' actual name would have been 'Yehoshua', I chose to use the common, anglicized version of Jesus's and The Apostles' names purely for the sake of accessibility.
A few parishioners gave Dean looks as he awkwardly pulled his hood down and scooted himself into the first space he could find, in the back along the main aisle. As Dean stood there, his hands gripped tight on the back of the wooden pew in front of him, he felt a tug on his jacket. He turned to find a little girl staring up at him.
His fingers shook with unbridled power that filled him with awe and terror. Something had taken root within him, something powerful and all-encompassing. So powerful and all-encompassing that a mere human body
Dean wouldn’t receive The Spear until late the following afternoon and there was a good chance he wouldn’t even be there to witness it.
that again. All that blood. All that pain. All that sorrow. Centuries later and I can still hear him crying.” He paused, bowing his head slightly as he shut his eyes. “Watching Dean relive it is difficult enough.”
The last thing Castiel saw was James, running out of the grove and back to the city in nothing but his tunic, his cloak ripped from his body.  His knuckles and face were bloody and his eyes red with angry tears.
thing.”  Dean paused. “Me and Sam need to be born into the
“You’re doing a lot right, Dean. Far more than you could know”.
rusty. Besides, if Barney Fife sees me sitting out here they’ll get suspicious.”
Sam was especially worried about that on this particular hunt. A twelve year old girl was possessed by a demon known as Naamah, one of Lilith’s cohorts. She was in the process of breaking yet another Seal.
Castiel leaned against the kitchen door post, watching the conversation.  Mostly, Castiel was watching Dean. Though he looked the same, some of his mannerisms had changed. Some of the changes were subtle. The beat Dean drummed on the table belonged to
Dean hadn’t eaten anything. Though he was hungry, his hunger—ever so slowly—was starting to go away.
“Hashem,” he sobbed, pressing his hands over his eyes. He rocked back and forth. “Help me.”
Silence fell between them.
Dean wanted it to be over. He wanted the pain to stop. He almost longed for the bark of hellhounds.  A demise that was violent and painful, but quick. Almost.
Dean opened his eyes slowly. He sat up to see Lisa standing beneath the entrance in the back of the chapel. She walked quickly down the center aisle, her eyes wide with worry.
Bobby said sarcastically.
“What are you waiting for Dean?” He felt the putrid breath of the nasally rasp against his ear and shuddered. While the voice was menacing, the tone was light. Dean could barely hear it over the pleading sobs of the woman kneeling naked before him. “Cut her,” the voice demanded.
“Zachariah ripped me out of Jimmy and smote me.” Castiel paused. “But I was brought back.”
“We’re good.” Mary nodded as she ran a hand across her belly. “John. Did you…
The wings were ones Dean recognized, black wings with multi-colored tips on the feathers.
“No.”
Thoughts began to echo through his mind. The voice wasn’t Dean’s and it spoke in a language he didn’t recognize—but somehow
"Yup." Dean nodded, popping a couple of the dregs of fries into the mouth."Also known as The Dragon."
“So you’re saying I’m not
He walked over to the counter, eyeing the display case of pies and cakes in front of it as he greeted the waitress. Her white hair was tied up in a haphazard bun and there was a grease stain on her apron. She glanced up from wiping the counter with a dingy dishrag.
He followed the singing down to the end of the hallway until he reached the room it was coming from, the open door covered in worn out construction paper flowers and drawings. He glanced at the light next to the door that, if on, indicated a nurse or a doctor was in the room. He made sure it was off before knocking on the door.
“How much is a lot?”
“I don’t think I am.” She wiped the tears away. “I just wanna stop hurting.”
Dean slowly opened his eyes. The late morning sun that filtered through the motel window had stirred him awake. He was lying on top of the comforter and his body ached all over. Dean could see his pillow resting on the ground against the bottom of the bed and he sighed. Careful not to jostle his back, he reached down to pick it up off the floor, covering his head with the pillow to block out the sunlight and pulling the comforter around him in a desperate grab for a few more moments of sleep.
Jesus cleared his throat awkwardly. “Miriamne of Magdala.” His cheeks flushed.
But despite his hope, Bobby knew the truth: Dean either wasn’t coming back at all or, if he was, he would be coming back as something else.
never come. There was no death in Hell, only pain. And it never ended.
“Yeah.” Dean bit his lip. He heard feet shuffling on the motel carpet. He looked up, watching Jimmy walk into the motel room.
“Who’s “we”?” Dean narrowed his eyes.
Jesus’ chapped lips quirked into a crooked smile. He lowered his eyes to the plate and said a quick blessing over the food. “What do I call you?” he asked, lifting a piece of the bread to his mouth. He watched the angel as he chewed.  Even though the bread tasted of ash, when it reached his stomach, he sighed with relief, taking another bite.
Father DeMatteo waved his hand, pinning Dean, Bobby, Jimmy and Amelia to one of the walls in the living room. “That’s not gonna work. We came here prepared. Hexbags and binding sigils so you can’t see us or smoke us out.”
. But if we’re passing through someplace and a service is going on?” Dean shrugged “Wouldn’t hurt, right?”
“It’s
“You okay there, Dean?” Bobby asked, cautiously picking his glass up from the table.
me.” Lucifer gritted. “But what pains me more is seeing that power inside
It looked more like a billboard than a church sign, large and looming with a digital screen encased in marble. The church was likewise; sprawling, new, and meticulously well-maintained. Its steeple was so tall it looked as though it actually could touch Heaven. There were three large crosses fixed to the top of it, stark white against the red brick, and in the midmorning sun, they almost glowed.
“The blood on your face,” Dean repeated, narrowing his eyes. “And it smelled an awful lot like sulfur.”
“About six years.” Dean shrugged. “That Rawhead job down in Brownsville.”
“We really don’t need to do this. We’ve been to enough churches already.” Sam looked at him reluctantly.
He groaned again.
Dean gasped for air. His feet kicked helplessly as his hands tried to grasp desperately at Alastair’s forearm.
“Sure thing, honey.” The waitress scratched some writing in her notepad before she left.
Then he bit down. Hard.
Before Sam could finish, Dean turned and marched back down the aisle, his finger pointed in the direction of the vestibule, anger plastered across his face. “There’s a box in the lobby taking donations for a homeless shelter. It’s been sitting there for a while too, by looks of it, and there’s next to nothing in it." Dean’s voice echoed throughout the sanctuary as he looked around it. “But that renovation bucket, on the other hand, looks like Scrooge McDuck’s bank vault. ‘Whatever you did to the least of these, you did to me.’ Or did you all somehow forget that?”
“Standing outside is your abomination of a brother.” Zachariah pointed to the door. “The Son of Perdition with a platoon of demons in tow. He’s going to help Lilith break the final Seal.” He smirked. “But before he does that, he’s going to have you killed.”
"Because they
Sam nodded.
Sam dropped Ruby to the floor with a thud.
me to?” Dean couldn’t even if he wanted to, but the question caught him off guard. He hoped—prayed even—that she’d say no.
He remembered Jesus’—
“Great,” Dean took a deep breath. “So I can add ‘hearing prayers’ to my resume.” Dean paused. “You think it was Holly?”
He let go, sending Dean crashing into the ice. Dean gasped for breath, the ice scraping against him, sharp and cold. Before he could get up, Lucifer appeared in front of him, reaching down and grabbing him by the collar.
“—Let me go with you!”
Dean knew that, in reality, Sam had been exorcising demons with Ruby. They were probably getting very close to finding Lilith.
will have to pay for. So I took matters into my own hands.”
Finally, Jesus caught his gaze. Castiel gave a slight nod and exited the room, walking back onto the balcony.
“Seems a little redundant. And impractical. Don’t you think?” Dean gritted.
When the music stopped, Dean shut the radio off and tossed the tape back into the shoebox. He climbed out of the Impala and went back into the house, finding Sam standing in the kitchen, Bible in hand, his eyes glued to its pages. Dean cleared his throat. “Hey Sammy. I don’t know about you, but I could go for a drink and a round of pool. How about we blow this Popsicle stand for a while, hit up Boondock’s or somethin’?”
The memory flooded Dean with guilt. A kind of guilt that Dean was all too familiar with. It was the same guilt he felt every time he drove through Fort Douglas, Wisconsin, where that shtriga had attacked Sam when they were children, the same guilt that had that driven him to make a crossroads deal. A job he had failed to do. A sibling he had failed to protect.
“I’m gonna make Amelia and Claire amulets of the anti possession symbol I’ve got on my chest.”
Dean scoffed wearily, biting his lip as he stood up from the bench. He walked over to one of the motel’s support pillars and leaned against it, lifting his head up to the sky. “He’s not giving me a choice, is He?” His salt-caked eyes squinted against weak sunlight.
Dean placed the glass back down on the table with a light clank, slowly letting go of it. “Well… I could go for a burger.”
“Well, this is it.” Susan shrugged. “Honestly, I feel sort of…
different individuals. He and I would have never done this.” Castiel paused, he ran his thumb over the dark pink circular scar on the top of Dean’s left wrist. “Even if I wanted to.”
“Good, you’re awake. I got food. The bacon egg and cheese sandwich and Boston Kreme donut are yours. I figured you’d need it.” Sam placed Dean’s coffee and the food bag on the table as he took a sip from his own. “How are you feeling?”
Sam didn’t answer him.
“I’m gonna go out for a while,” Dean said, making his way to the motel room door, the bundle of trench coat and tie under his arm.
“But I could also hear your longing. What you want me to do to you. To your body. You are a dichotomy of Flesh and Spirit, Dean. A Sacred Mystery. Being in your presence is like...Ecstasy.”
did I do to deserve this?”
you to find him, you would have by now.”
“Basically. Yeah.”
Sam managed to dodge him and slice the back of his leg open with the knife, toppling the man to the ground. Without a second’s hesitation, Sam fell to his knees and went for the man’s neck, slicing it open with the blade. “Not anymore,” Sam growled as he shoved his face down onto the wound, sucking the blood out of it with such hungry voracity that he nearly choked before he stood up again and darted back into the church.
Remember? There ain’t nothin’ we can do about it. We just gotta
have been doing all that they could to get you to break. To
“What?” Thomas shrugged. He looked around the table. “We all know there is only
Sam considered rolling the window down slightly to air the car out, but he decided against it. The chilled October air would make Dean colder than he already was and would no doubt cause him to stir again.
Reaching down to the seat, Dean pulled a large paper cup out from a to-go tray and raised the straw to his lips, milk and chocolate rushing under his tongue.
“That’s different. You had your brother there to keep an eye on you.” Bobby pointedly fixed his gaze on Dean. “Speaking of which, why
Sam stared at the angels, a look of disgust spreading across his face. “You think I’m…
Smoke billowed from the man’s mouth, falling to the ground in a never-ending wave and filling the air with the rotten stench of sulfur. When the smoke finally cleared, the man the demons left behind collapsed against the sarcophagus with a thud, utterly still.
“Have you ever seen anything like that?”
Sam needed proof—any kind of proof—that he wasn’t evil. It was something Dean couldn’t give him.
Anna shook her head. “You don’t believe that. You didn’t believe it
The light became the rising sun—a swirl of early morning clouds lit in shades of oranges and pinks— and the cool air of the bathroom turned hot and arid.
know that, Sam. That’s
That, more than anything, scared Dean. Thought during Lent his wounds opened slowly and were foreshadowed by sadness, when he received a new wound the pain had always come on with great speed and suddenness, enveloping him in an ecstatic cacophony of vision and suffering where the most visceral and agonizing parts were over before they even began.
the same. They were pawns, chess pieces in a cosmic fight between brothers. Important but, ultimately, replaceable.
"I told you, Sam,” Ruby sighed. “I was on demon business."
whipped you?”
But the more Dean stared at the water, the more he remembered.
:: James, also known as "James the Just" was Jesus's brother. He is named first in Mark along with the rest of Jesus' siblings- brothers Jude, Simon and Joses and at least two unnamed sisters- and is presumably the second eldest after Jesus. In a letter often attributed to Pope Clement I, he is described as "The Bishop of Bishops." He is believed by most secular historians to have taken leadership of Jesus' ministry following his crucifixion. Because of the doctrine of Mary's perpetual virginity held by Roman Catholics and Orthodox Christians, he is often assumed, along with the rest of Jesus' siblings, to either be Jesus' cousin or older half-sibling.
“Yes,” she sighed. “Though in my case, it’s ‘Why didn’t you get under the canopy while you still had the chance?’” After a long pause, she said, “So, why are you, a firstborn son with a trade, unmarried?”
“Do you truly believe that?”
They were making their way out of a Pick ‘N Save supermarket when Dean’s eyes caught sight of an older man sporting a Marine Corps sweatshirt and ‘VFW Post 7221’ baseball cap. He was sitting at a small table on the sidewalk just outside the entrance of the supermarket, a bucket labeled ‘DAV’ and a tray of silk poppy flowers resting on top of it.
Dean’s eyes slammed shut as a guttural yell bellowed from his mouth. He cradled his bleeding wrist tightly in his other hand, trembling and drenched in crimson.
my brother.”
Sam was quiet for a moment. He shook his head, squeezing Ruby’s hand tighter as he dropped his jacket and shirt to the floor. “No. You haven’t.”
Castiel nodded.
Sam wrapped both of his hands around her hips, his fingers digging into her skin in anticipation.
Without another word, Sam picked Ruby up by her thighs, wrapping her legs around his hips as he slammed her against the door. He kissed her deeply, all tongue and bitten lips. He could taste the faint traces of sulfur on her skin, and smell it within her hair. Despite himself, he let go to pull her jacket and shirt off, and she lifted her bare arms to wrap around his shoulders.
:: Crucifixion was a fairly common method of torture and capital punishment in the ancient world, used mostly in the Near East and Mediterranean. It was first used by the Persians and the Carthaginians and was later adopted by the Romans who used it exclusively on slaves and non-Roman citizens as a deterrent against crime and insurrection.
Sam stiffened at the sight of them.
Castiel watched him carefully as he packed. “Are you
Silence filled the room.
Dean hesitated but then nodded.
Dean sat in bed for a few moments before he pushed the blankets off and stood up, wincing as his stiff legs shook with exertion. He limped as he made his way to the bathroom down the hall. Closing the door behind him, he peeled his shirt off, causing him to double over with a cry of pain as blood-soaked gauze and sore skin were pulled along with it.
After a moment, James reluctantly nodded.
Mary paused. “No reason.” She shrugged. “I just had some kind of crazy dream, I guess.”
He could bear it no longer.
Despite Bobby’s paternal grumblings, Sam and Dean left early the next morning, having found a possible zombie case in southeastern Wisconsin.
Jesus looked at him. “Then why are you here now?"
Dean sighed. “Wonderful.” He paused, staring for a second. “So what was this, some kind of hallucination or something?”
Once he was done making the circle, Dean placed the salt back in the bag and sat down on the floor, folding his legs.
Bing Crosby blared through the speakers.
The parishioners cheered and clapped again, the sound becoming an almost deafening roar.
Despite all the Bible Study, Bobby had taken the news with little more than a brief look of shock and a couple of sighed expletives. Dean was
her, Jimmy. She’s my vessel. It’s in her blood. The same as it is in you.”
“Well, I was,” Dean sighed. “Tell you the truth, I’m not really sure
“What?”
was a mechanic from Lawrence, Kansas. I’m a man and there ain’t
it! If I was two fuckin’ minutes sooner I could’ve stopped it I-”
Dean shook his head. His fingers gripped tighter around the edge of the counter.
“I know that. But I’m ready for it. Hineni, hineni.’”
Sitting under one of the olive trees was Miriamne. She looked at him and chuckled, “You’re relentless, aren’t you?”
“My name is Judas of Kerioth.” Judas turned briefly and pointed at the other man wearing the mezuzah, exposing a long, thin scar across the palm of his right hand. “This is my cousin. He’s known as Simon the Zealot.”
“So you planned this whole thing?” Dean glared. “You
sonfofbitch.” He hissed, tears filling his eyes.
:: Changing water into wine is, according to the Gospel of John, Jesus' first public miracle.
“ Am I bleeding?” Dean looked down at his wrists. “Please tell me I’m not bleeding.” To Dean’s relief, he wasn’t.
Castiel watched him carefully. “Something is troubling you.”
“It’s nothing.” Dean took a breath.
Castiel was gone because he was protecting Dean. Because he loved Dean. Dean had killed him. He was a poison that bleached earth and foiled soil, like lye tossed on a dead body.
Dean rose from the chair and walked over to her bedside, his hand still gripping Aleah’s. “Don’t worry. I’m gonna make the pain go away.” His voice shook, but it was filled with confidence and certainty. “I’m gonna make you feel better, alright sweetheart?”
Castiel watched him as he staggered to his feet, barely regaining his balance before he fell yet again. Two Roman soldiers whipped and kicked him, taunting him as they did so.
“Sammy…” He mumbled.
.” Dean glared at the demonic face under her meatsuit. “I see you’re just as ugly as you’ve ever been.”
“Shalom,”  he replied, smiling slightly.
at you.” Sam glared. He raised his hand up.
Jesus was a Michael Sword. A true vessel of Michael. James was the vessel of Lucifer. Jesus was not only to fight Satan and destroy the world, but fight and kill his own brother and he was to do so not as himself, but as little more than a receptacle for an archangel.
The mass went smoothly despite Dean barely knowing when to stand, kneel or sit. That was until the priest started saying the prayers of Holy Communion. As the priest was blessing the wafers and wine, Dean’s wrists and ankles began to ache with a sharp pain. Dean quickly pulled one of the sleeves on his jacket up.
Castiel walked closer to him. “You are such a brilliant soul. Not just because of who you are. But because of
A few minutes later, Dean rolled up in his Impala and drove us home. Once we got inside, he then rushed off somewhere else. I wondered what he was such in a hurry for but I didn't think much of it. I continued on with my day and made dinner with Gabe. We ended up making a mess in the kitchen and by the time Gadreel had come home from work, it looked like a tornado had hit the kitchen.
That was all Sam said before I left that house on this wonderful friday evening. I didn’t bother taking Baby. I walked instead, it gave me some time to think about Cas and Lisa and what I wanted to do with my life. In the end, I decided that I might love Lisa but I love Cas more and he makes me happier. Screw it if the whole world is against us. I’m gonna love Cas and be with him till the day I… But what if he’s gone. My thoughts came flooding back and soon I was running.
“I… It’s… How- I love this. It’s beautiful,” Charlie whispered before grinning. “Beautiful just like this pretty woman over here.”
Sam’s face flushed red and Dean smiled, proud of his brother.
“Okay fine, I’ll just talk to her,” I groaned, already dreading the conversation that was to come.
I jolted away and wondered what time it was. I looked around panicked, wondering if it was already morning and time to get ready for school. Dean smirked at me, amused.
“Accident?” Sam asked.
"Yes?" I called out.
“Cut that out.”
“Dean,” she acknowledged me with a tilt of her head, “lovely day.”
The woman was very polite. I looked her up and down. She had dark brown hair and beautiful eyes. It felt blissful while I was near her and like everything was going to be okay. I smiled up at her and kindly accepted. I don’t know if it’s because Cas being gone broke me or what happened. Next thing I know, we are outside and walking to the car. Everything seemed so calm and still.
"Bee, did Crowley hurt you?" I looked up at Cas sadly.
Dean went upstairs and changed out of his clothes, hopping into bed, and falling asleep. He needed as much sleep as he could get with these sleep-deprived school days.
I could tell Gabe was scanning Cas to make sure he was okay. My eyes followed him and trailed slightly down to his arm. I noticed that although his sleeve was rugged down, there was still a flap that had opened up a tad to reveal what was under. Gabe and I looked at each other wide-eyed once we realized Cas was at it again.
“Sammy!” Dean screamed, throwing on his clothes as quickly as possible whilst his alarm blared Asia. He ran down the hall and to the kitchen, the toaster dinged, indicating that the toast was ready. Sam’s footsteps could be heard as he stumbled down the stairs, his backpack thrown over one shoulder and notebooks were under his other. Dean grabbed the scorching toast from the machine, tossing them from hand to hand as he raced over to the paper towels. He dropped them on separate pieces and tossed them in the freezer so that they could cool off while he made his lunch for the day. Asia was still audible from downstairs and despite the annoyance that it was causing, Sam sulked over to the fridge and pulled out the ingredients needed to make a sandwich. Dean finished in no time and raced back to his room, he turned off the alarm and grabbed his bag before returning to the kitchen and tossing his food in a paper bag. He grabbed one from Sam as well and tossed in some snacks and fruits while the giant had his back turned. Dean shoved Sam’s sandwich in a plastic bag before throwing it into his paper bag, sprinting to the fridge and pulling out their toast, it was still warm but it would have to do. He tossed Sam his toast and shoved his in his mouth. Dean then shook the few crumbs on the paper towels and tossed them into the paper bags.
“Just remember that when you come looking around for me, we will always help each other.”
“Hey Cas,” Dean said.
Lisa: Dean????
“Are you saying I’m not smart!?” Sam gasped.
I woke up and found myself wrapped in Dean's blankets. I looked around confused and realized that I was in Dean's room. I peeked out the door and was surprised by the sight of breakfast and Sam, Gabe, Lisa, and Dean all sitting down at the table laughing. I gently closed the door and curled back up on Dean's bed as I fell back asleep.
Castiel suddenly seemed to grow red, he seemed like he was constipated all of a sudden. Dean suddenly realized that he was messing with him and holding back his laughter, however, Novak failed and his laughter was soon heard echoing around the house.
Whenever I tried to explain they all just thought I was saying that to make my punishment less painful. Thankfully, Dean, Sam, Gabe, Balthy, Charlie, Kevin, Benny, and a few others believed me. Even though Dean is the most popular jock in school, that doesn't stop him from being friends with the school punch bag aka freak. Some of Dean's friends are my friends too now. Most of them aren't aware of how I'm treated either. The ones that are don't say much because they aren't as close with Dean.
“Okay, so we know she’s on her way right now and we know Dean wants out,” Meg stated.
“I mean…” I shrugged.
“May I escort you to your vehicle?”
"I'M GONNA KILL YOU!!!!" I screamed as I quickly threw off all my clothes.
*end of trigger*
“The discovery of America!”
“Fine, I won’t then,” I pouted and looked at Sammy Who is now sending me a look that told me I was probably going to regret saying what I just did.
That’s when the first punch came.
“Cas?”
You shined bright but the clouds were still there and the rain was still drizzling down. You wanted to let me back in but you didn't know if I would hurt you again. Your walls went up and although I knew you loved me you started to close yourself off. I could see you forcing yourself to blend in with others and it hurt me more than it did you. You thought you were doing both of us a favor by distancing yourself. You thought that if I couldn't hurt you that you couldn't hurt me but that's where we were both wrong. It hurt you and me and it hurt us bad. I fell deeper into my problems and so did you. We both fell down a long and dark hole that never seemed to end. The days were bright but they still seemed dark. It was like a mask for the sad truth, it was still raining. I didn't want it to keep raining and neither did you but no matter how much we willed it to stop, it didn't. We both screwed up and we got so lost in our problems that suddenly the fog started to roll in and we didn't notice it until it was too late and we had lost ourselves. We both lost our ways and we didn't know which way was forward or which way was back. If I could go back and fix it all I would've. I would go back and make it all better. I don't care if that means you never had to meet me because if you were happier that way and you had a better life that way then, it would be worth it. I love you more than the Earth loves the moon. I love you more than a mother loves her child. I love you more than anyone can imagine- than I could've ever imagined. If this is how it's going to end then that's alright because in the end, you'll find yourself. Perhaps, you'll be happier without me. You'll learn to love yourself and then you can work on loving others. You're always getting pushed down but no one seems to acknowledge how much easier it is to let yourself fall than it is to rise up. Have you ever realized that the words apart and a part are basically the same, the only distinction between them is the space. Isn't that ironic? I find it ironic. There is always more to a person than what you see on the outside, sometimes you think you can see what's on the inside but you're mistaken.
Lisa: Dean?
"Okay."
"No buts, you're staying right where you are."
“Sam and Eileen?” Castiel asked, he seemed surprised, glancing at Dean before walking towards the Chevy Impala.
“Lisa,” Sam repeated, his mind wandering back to old memories.
*possible trigger*
"Because I like bees and you know that?" I smiled up at him and watched the way his arms moved by his side when he walked over.  His brown hair looked as good as always and his eyes lit up the room. I knew that I was mildly upset at his girlfriend and my sister, at that moment though, I didn't care. Dean meant a lot to me and sometimes  I felt ashamed that I had fallen for him but anyone else would have to. Dean is simply perfect and I absolutely love him.
“Nah, don’t worry about it. I’m sure there are plenty of other hot men that he could go for. Hell, he’s pansexual so he’s got every fish in the sea.”
“Yes?” I responded.
“Because,” my voice dropped down to a hushed whisper, “I love you, Bee.”
“Nothing for now,” Dean said before grabbing the bowl of popcorn.
"AND HE COATED US IN SUGAR!" Balthy added.
Oh my gosh, Bee and I can move in together. We can have our own home without having to pay for much and Sam, Adam, and Gabe can move in too! I smiled happily thinking about Cas and how much I missed him. Soon, that smile was whipped off my face when I realized I don’t know what’s happening with Cas or if he’s even alive for that matter.
Her expression went from calm to shocked and immediately upset. She grabbed her phone and quickly got out of the car, slamming Baby's door in the process.
The other option being that there was a roll of toilet paper that I could grab either by activating the motion sensor or pulling on a lever. Perhaps, they did this to keep the toilet tissue clean and disinfected. I decided on the toilet paper and waved my hand in front of it. It gave me what seemed to be too little toilet paper and I was about to go for more but settled on trying it out. Turns out, it was just enough.
“Sure, I mean that’s all we’ve got so let us just do that,” I agreed.
I wheezed under the sudden pressure and impact. I could feel the soft yet cold carpet as it brushed against my face. I closed my eyes and imagined that it was Dean's skin brushing up against me. I smiled and wondered if that was how Lisa felt when Dean was lovey-dovey towards her. Suddenly, I realized that although I was alone in my thoughts, Dean and Lisa were still there and soon it didn't feel like the carpet was brushing up against me anymore. The time that had slowed suddenly began to speed up and I felt myself being dragged on the carpet. The bristles scraping up against my face. I wondered what I had done wrong now and before I could remember that I wasn't at school and that it most likely wasn't Crowley and his gang, I was being thrown at a wall. I caught my balance just in time to see Dean push Naomi away. I could hear her yelling insults and words that I had moved away just for the sole purpose of never hearing again.
I quickly used the restroom and realized that the toilets had two options. One of the options being that you could pick up a remote (that seemed to have a wrapping around it that got disposed of and replaced after each use by the nurses) and a push of a button would help clean you instead of using toilet paper. There were many different buttons and options and things I would most likely never understand. From what I could tell in the remote, it used water instead of toilet paper. No thank you. Not trying that today.
“I guess it sounds nice,” Cas agreed.
I smiled and drank my drink ,saving my food for someone else considering I had already eaten enough. I gave them a quick thank you and hugged them goodbye before walking out. I walked down a block or two before finding a homeless man on the side of the road begging for whatever charity a person could offer. I approached him and gave him a kind hello before offering him my food. His bright smile warmed my heart as his enthusiasm took over and he eagerly said yes. He took my food while thanking me and I took off my sweater which I chose to wear under my trench coat today. Thankfully, I always carried an extra pair of jeans in the hidden pocket inside my trench coat after a pranking incident with Sam and Gabe occured. I handed him my sweater and jeans and fiddled through the inside of my pockets before finally finding a comb and a bunch of tiny portable unused mouthwash that I used when I wanted to get out of the house quickly. I handed him them and sat down when he started the conversation, grateful for all that I had done for him. He was a kind man, I learned that he had lost his job and his girlfriend had recently left him so he had no one left to help him. His mother had passed away a few years before and his father left when he was younger. He has been homeless for a while now and was grateful for someone willing to talk to him and help him out. I chatted with him for a while before promising to come back the next day. I left and walked towards the library feeling happy that I could help someone again. I normally gave people in need some food and whatever else I could.
“I was just going to ask you if my date is hot. Charlie, who do you think I am? You really think I would back down from a date?”
“You know, us,” he looked down disappointed, “never mind, just forget it.”
“Still,” I looked at him with sharp eyes letting him know that we may have known each other for a long time but I still wanted a relationship.
“It's… canon!” Charlie screamed.
“I’m sorry. Cas got into an accident. Sam and Adam are both staying at the Novak’s. I didn’t want to be a problem, sir. I was just trying to get out of their hair and I was going to pack my stuff and move back in here with Sammy and Adam so that we could be right by the Novak household without causing a problem,” I ranted and felt as if words were coming out far too fast. It felt like I was going 100 per minute.
I sprang out of my seat and straightened my shirt a bit. I wanted to look my best for Cas. I miss Cas, I've missed him so much. Once I was sure that I looked alright, I pranced over to the nurse. She smiled once she saw me and grabbed my arm to lead the way. I wonder if all nurses grab a person's arm. Before we got to Cas' door, her hand slowly started to move higher up my arm. I pushed her hand off and frowned down on her. I want to see my Cas and make sure he's okay.
“Yes. You are very handsome,” Dean smiled at me.
I bet Cas' cupcakes would taste better than her's.
*TRIGGER WARNING*
Once school was out, I ran out the doors to find my Sammy waiting. I ran over and gave him a big hug.
“Castiel Novak,” Gadreel started before an audible thump was heard, “ouch…”
"What do you think of Lisa?" I choked on my burger and fought the urge to cough. I sat there red faced as I reached for the water and guzzled it down.
“To answer both of your questions, Charlie and the rest, and Destiel is a combination of your names like Deancas except in this case Castiel comes first,” Sam winked at Dean.
“I’m not sure. I don’t know about anything on this menu. If I’m being honest, normally I either just don’t eat or I have something like a milkshake a fries. I don’t come to steak places.”
That left all three of us sitting in our thoughts as we planned the perfect break up of Dean and Lisa.
Truth is, I've had a crush on Gabe for a while. I'm not so sure if he likes me back but I sure hope he does. I've been getting mixed signals and my mind is all over the place trying to figure out what's what and what's real. With Gabe, you can really never know when something is a prank or real. I sure learned that the hard way...
“Dean is breaking up with Lisa,” Meg groaned.
“You okay, bud?” Ana asked.
I’m not saying that I don’t love Lisa, I’m not saying that I never did, I know I did. I just didn’t love her how I expected myself to, I didn’t love her how everyone else expected me to, I didn’t even love her how she expected me to. I loved her like I would love a sister. I loved her like I would love my best friend. I loved her like I would love my family. I loved her but not the way I would love my partner. I loved her but not the way I would love him. So, after all this time and all this effort, it’s time for us to end. I know it’s gonna be hard for her, however,  I will be here for her if she needs me. I’m not saying it’s not gonna be hard for me either. We both got a lot to work on but her problems are meant for me. Her offers aren’t meant for me. What she’s got to give isn’t meant for me. It’s meant for someone else. I am meant for someone else and that someone else is Cas.
We got to Baby and I opened the door for her. She got in gracefully and it wasn’t until I saw a picture of Cas on my sun visor when I pulled it down. That’s when I snapped out of the trance and kindly told her to get out of the car.
“Yes, it is,” Sam stated blankly before continuing for Cas, “Lisa is pretty. Although she's not looking for something permanent, she’s all right in school. She has many friends and is the typical popular girl. She can be nice to those who are of some use to her but you know the gist of it.”
“Cool it, Clarence. I already knew,” Meg said casually,  “I was hoping to talk to Dean about it privately but as you can see that blew up in my face.”
“Yep, I think someone tackled me. Anyways, Cas don’t forget to call Chuck. He was worried about you and wanted to talk. Anyways, I’m going to head out! Bye,” Gadreel finished and hung up before anyone could reply.
After class was over, Dean got up and slung his leather jacket over his shoulder, picking up his bag with one hand. He walked out the door and then suddenly, someone pulled him off to the side. Dean was surprised to say the least but tried his best to maintain self control and not go straight into punch first, talk later. The second he saw the smallest big of red hair, Dean sighed. He wished Charlie would just talk to him and not frighten him, but he was starting to get used to it.
When Dean came back, I was curled up on the couch and watching a recorded episode from a show Dean and I watched together. It made me happy to think that Dean had cared enough to record the episode so that we could both watch it together for the first time instead of just watching it without me. I fought back the urge to smile once I saw him walk through the front door, normally Dean and I watch the episode when it airs but that means that we have to sit through ads and that was just no fun.
I woke up drenched in sweat and filled with fear. I immediately got up and went to Sammy's room and asked him if I could fall asleep with him. I curled up next to him and held him tight as I fell asleep yet again.
“Alright, I see your point,” Dean mumbled, a defeated look on his face. He hadn’t realized just how much he had on his plate until Charlie had started to name it all. Suddenly, sitting next to Castiel Novak didn’t seem like such a big deal.
I pulled back on Baby and heard her roar turn into an intoxicating purr as she was brought to life. We sped off to the hospital, the whole time Sammy was complaining about how he was alright and I was just going to end up adding to the pile of bills to pay.
"Fine! Me too!"
“You’re adorable. Would it kill you to watch a movie? Read a book?” Meg sighed. I could hear her clank tiny bottles together, most likely like the fluids on my tray. An audible pop was heard and then a groan. I could hear her undo something, sounded an awful lot like bandages and tape but I kept my mouth shut and listened. I wonder if Meg and the man are together, perhaps married? No, there wasn’t a ring. Maybe they’re just a couple. Suddenly, I got very uncomfortable, wondering if I was interrupting something.
“Hey, bitches!” Charlie said as she bounded through the doors. She stopped in her tracks once she saw the sight of Dean and I along with Sam and Gabe. Meg and her exchanged looks, Charlie’s face softening for a split second before turning her attention back to us.
“You weren’t kidding when you said any minute,” Meg harshly whispered at the three of us. She got up and opened the door.
"We will talk about this later. Stay safe, goodbye."
I don’t remember all the details of how we got together but I know I was happy as hell to have her. She always was bright and had a smile on her face. Her bright smile turned into a devilish grin as she approached me. Her hips swing side to side and her hair wrapped around her finger as she twirls it. She looked happy but up to no good.
*end of flashback*
"Ask what?" I questioned, pretending to not know what he was talking about. Normally, Dean calls me Angel or Giraffe. Crowley had come up with the nickname giraffe and Dean had thought nothing of it. At first, it hurt that Crowley was teasing me and making fun of me, but once Dean started using the name and used it lovingly- for the most part-  I liked it. I never really liked giving Crowley the satisfaction of knowing his words had an impact on me.
“Drop me off here,” Sam said once they approached the entrance. Dean began to slow the car in order  to allow Sam out. Sam bent down to grab his bag and Dean hit the breaks, Sam shooting forward. Sam huffed, having fallen for the daily prank again. Sam put his lunch into an empty pocket in his backpack. He zipped up his bag and grabbed onto the strap at the top.
Lisa: Dean. Dean. Dean. Dean. Dean. Dean. Dean.
By the time I had the pancakes almost ready to be served on plates and the table set up, I could hear Cas throwing his clothes on while I could hear Sam and Gabe fighting over whose stuff was whose over the phone. Sam had called me earlier to remind me to pick him and Gabe up, as if I would forget.
What? This can’t be happening! My brain was flooded with thoughts and concerns. Is cas okay? Did I do something wrong? Did he ask not to see me? Is he dead? Is he alive? My head started hurting and my vision started to get blurry. Suddenly, I felt very dizzy and on the verge of fainting.
“Just wanted to say hello. Paranoid? What have I ever done to you?” Castiel snickered.
“I guess I’m going to have to break the news to Gabe.” Castiel sighed, looking down.
“Is that what they call it now?”
"HAIL TO THE KING BABY!" Luc screamed as he ran right at me.
When I found some sense of thought and feeling, I was aware of how much my body hurt and how scared I was. I slowly got off the ground pushing myself up. My hands, painfully cutting open with the sharp shards of glass on the floor. My body trembled with the effort and soon enough I was able to drag myself across the floor. I don’t know how long I’ve been out or where dad went but I don’t want to figure that out the hard way.
“Never better, Bee,” I responded.
“Yea, I just really need this to work out for Charlie.” Dean lowered his head.
*flashback*
It was too late. Her lips smashed against mine as she pinned me up against the counter. Her body slowly closing in on the space between us and I could feel her tongue trying to break through. As much as I wanted to make my dad proud, this isn’t how I wanted to do that. Not yet anyways. I tried to reach up to push her back but her hands swiftly grabbed a hold of my arms and she held me down.
Castiel POV
"I love you too, my bee"
"How-" I started but not before I was cut off.
“Okay, so she has what is coming for her,” Meg laughed.
“A new season is coming out! Also I think Dan and Phil are back together. Your hair could use some serious help by the way unless you’re trying to give off the sex hair vibe.” Charlie jumped up and down and Dean couldn’t help but feel happy for her although he was suddenly self-conscious about his hair. She always seemed to be caught up in her fandoms and somehow managed to always find a way to pry the day’s news out of Dean. Dean pulled out his phone and checked the camera, seeing that Charlie was completely right and that he needed a comb asap although he could really just brush his hands through it a few times. Charlie seemed to understand though because she pulled out a comb from her bag and tossed it at him. She gave him a thumbs up once he caught it and began to comb through his hair.
“No! Bee! I’m sorry, Baby,” I gave him puppy eyes as I pleaded for his forgiveness, “I Just didn’t think that part through, took me by surprise. Of course, I will. Everyone deserves to know. I want the world to know I am yours. I want the world to know your mine.”
“Are you going to tell Lisa? You know about us,” he waved his hands, gesturing to the both of us.
“A cheeseburger it is. So, how did you get dragged into coming here?”
"He's the devil incarnate!" Luc yelled.
"Cas, baby, please wake up. I love you," I took a shaky deep breath before continuing, "I love you so much. You're the greatest thing that's ever happened to me. I know I always pushed you away and you're so stubborn that you always stayed by myself. That's one of my favorite things about you. You stay by my side when I don't want to stay by my side. You've loved me when I've hated myself. You've always been there for me through my ups and downs. I love you Cas and I know I'm probably never going to get to talk to you again. I just want you to know you mean the world to me. I fell into your love and I got lost in it. I was too blind to see how much you truly meant to me. Now, you're gone and I'm stranded. I don't have my shield to guard me and I don't have myself held together. I lost the greatest thing to ever have happened to me. I lost the reason for my heart to keep beating. Now it's just there, empty and without purpose but it keeps on beating. That's the worst part, it keeps on beating but without purpose it beats without meaning. It remembers what it was like to have meaning and purpose and a reason to continue but it no longer knows how to feel. It no longer has a reason to. Now it goes on, but it goes on without meaning. I've lost the best part of me. Now it's my fault that you're gone and I have no right to tell you how much I miss you. I have no right to tell you that I'm sorry or that I want you to come back. I could cry and try and pray and crave for you to come back but in the end, it wouldn't do any good. It was my fault any of this happened. It's all..."
The angel nodded. “I did.”
?” Dean shook his head, rolling his eyes. His gaze lifted back up to Sam. “Ya know Sammy, you’re takin’ this news a hell of a lot
Dean cocked his eyebrow. “ And the camera’s didn’t catch anything?”
“Ya think?” Bobby took the keys. He quickly opened the passenger side door, letting Dean in before he ran over to the driver’s side. Jumping into the car, he quickly pulled out of the parking space and out of the parking lot, barreling down the road.
Mary glanced quickly over at John, fast asleep next to her, before she carefully climbed out of bed. Swallowing hard, she crouched down, pulling a silver knife out from the space between the mattress and box-spring before she left the room. She shut the door behind her, moving as quickly and silently down the hallway as her body would allow.
go flyin’?”
The statue that had begun to weep.
on your deal? They were trying to get you out of Heaven’s reach before your Hour came. Thanks to our efforts, they didn’t succeed. Unfortunately, your soul is still stained by its time in Hell. It must be made pure again. That’s what the Stigmata are doing. They’re cleansing your soul as well as marking you as Holy.
me. The way they went about it. Sometimes, it almost felt
“Explains why it’s taken two millennia.” Bobby nodded “So, you remember your other lives then?”
Dean stayed hung up on the cross for a week, alone with nothing but the sound of his shaken and strained breathing. At first, the silence was a blessing. He used it to keep fighting the pain, the constant cycle of torso rising, nail pulling, and skin chaffing so he could breathe, but by the end of the fourth day he was longing for a death that he knew would never come. That
“What? It’s Sabbath and you’re the only Gentile here.”
Walking into the living room, he saw Claire, and a beautiful woman, Ameila, Dean assumed, sitting on one couch. Sitting on the other loveseat across from them were two priests. Father DeMatteo- a younger man with curly brown hair wearing a standard clerical collar and blazer-and Bishop Tamsen- an older  man with gray balding gray and glasses- wore a large gilded crucifix around his neck around his clerical clothing and a ring on his finger.
have been.” Sadness filled his voice. “You’re just doing your job.”
“I was working a job in Akron.” Sam’s voice was tired and short. “I came here as soon as I got Dean’s voicemail.”
Bobby had accepted it with little trouble, like it was a foregone conclusion. The only relief that brought Dean was knowing that he
Bobby walked over to the panic room door. He paused for a moment, taking a deep breath before he opened the door.
Dean clenched his fists. “You wanna hurry this up?” He glared. “I don’t have enough bile left.”
“My brother
on the kid.”
Dean was laying on his bed in the motel room, a washcloth over his eyes. He took the ice pack and placed it inside the washcloth, pressed it against his throbbing temple. “Yeah, it was a woman I think. She was saying, ‘At the hour of death, call me.’ Some other stuff like that.”
The ceiling above them creaked with the sound of a weight different from Dean’s. It was promptly followed by the muffled sounds of Dean speaking and his steps moving across the floor. Even though Dean’s voice was weaker than normal, it
“Well.” A sarcastic chuckle left Dean’s mouth as he leered at Naamah, the twisted, grotesque figure underneath her girly visage. “With a face like that I’m sure all the boys are just
Castiel planted rough kisses into Dean’s neck, working his way down from his ears to the top of his shoulders. He stopped briefly, lowering himself down into a squat. He picked up each of Dean’s wrists, kissing the scars. When he was done, he rolled Dean’s shirt up to his chest, kissing the scar on his side before moving over to his nipples.
your fault.” There was mournful comfort in Sam’s voice. “Messiah or not, you held out longer than
Sam took her arm into his hands, closing his eyes as he ravenously pressed his lips against it.
Joel looked at Dean inquisitively for a second before he nodded. “Alright.”
Dean and Jimmy exchanged awkward glances.
Dean’s grip tightened around his shoulder, his eyes narrowing sharply. “Tell someone who gives a fuck.” Dean paused for a second before his voice boomed throughout the living room, “
.” He shrugged, nodding sarcastically. “It’s good to know that it’s all meant something.”
Finally, it went to Sam’s voicemail.
“Its okay, Dean,” Bobby said softly, rubbing his thumb across the flask. “Just rest, okay son?”
about before. I thought y’all were some kinda Satanists. I didn’t know—”
Shit, if I’m the
— that he had missed when he did a sweep of the room the night before.
Uriel was just about to thrust the sword downwards into Castiel’s chest when Castiel heard the sound of wings, followed by a gasp. He watched as Uriel’s eyes went wide, his vessel stiffening. The tip of an angel blade protruded out of the front of Uriel’s throat.
He leapt to his feet, snatched the card from Sam’s hands and scanned the poem. It was Gabriel’s flowery script, the one he used on wedding cakes, and below it was taped a screenshot of the state of Kansas’s legal website.
.” Cas hadn’t realized he’d begun to cry. His tears spilled dark across Gabe’s ridiculous robe, turning green to black. It was almost fascinating.
Sam frowned, glancing at the clock. He opened his mouth to argue but Cas shook his head. “Only a short one.” He promised. “It doesn’t do us any good to run ourselves into the ground with this.”
“Well. Since I seem to have been beaten at my own game I propose a toast.” He said, smoothing his dark tie. He waited until everyone had raised their glasses and bottles, Castiel’s finger shaking around his water glass. “To Castiel, perhaps the only one for whom these people would put up with me at my worst.”
“Mr. Rigby-“ Cas began, stepping forward to try and de-escalate what he could see coming. He had no idea what his plan was but if this man pushed Gabriel one inch further all hell would break loose. They did not need that, and certainly not in Gabriel’s place of business.
“Hello, Amelia.” He said.
“Oh!” Brady brightened, flashing a toothy smile at Cas in the mirror. “What kind of training you do for that? Cardio? It’s a speed sport, right?”
“Oh.” Cas blinked again.
A tap at his door drew his head up from where it had sunk into his pillow. Gabriel poked his head in, flicking the light on and off a few times.
“Mr. Novak, after the incident with your locker last time I made sure the cameras were fixed in that corridor. We actually installed two new ones, too. It appears our culprits were not particularly careful to conceal their actions. Although they did dismantle one of the cameras, so we’ll be adding vandalism of school security equipment to the list.” He blanked his screen and leaned back in his chair, looking for all the world like a disappointed father. “Obviously, Mr. Novak, this cannot be tolerated. They will be dealt with immediately.”
“That’s the last footage we have of her.” Lou said, face grim. Nikki sniffled and Dean looked over to see she was crying. Kevin and Lou each put an arm around her.
Dean didn’t need to be told twice. Grabbing Cas’s hand he pulled him over to the sink, pouring some grease-remover into Cas’s hans and showing him how to scrub up. Cas’s soapy fingers sliding along his own skin was putting outrageously dirty thoughts in Dean’s head and when he had rinsed off he tore the towel off the wall and flung it at Cas. Cas had a second to just barely touch it before Dean had grabbed his wrist and started dragging him out into the parking lot. Cas tripped along behind, let himself be shoved up against the driver’s side door of the impala so Dean could pin him there. The kiss was sloppy and eager and ridiculous and Dean loved every fricken second of it. Judging by the grip Cas had on Dean’s shoulders he was loving it too.
“Cas?”
He already knew that his movements weren’t as fluid as Dean’s. But Dean didn’t seem to mind as he tired to keep up with the rhythm Dean set for them. When Dean’s lips closed around one of Cas’s nipples all thoughts of rhythm flew out the window. His back spasmed, sending him flying up towards Dean’s mouth and the promise of those nipping, nibbling teeth. He’d not given much thought to his own chest before - at least not before the first time Dean had put his mouth there - and that had clearly been a massive oversight. It was the most bizarre sensation, like an actual string of burning light attached his right nipple straight to his groin. He imagined sticking his finger in an electrical socket might feel somewhat similarly if nowhere near as good.
He waded through the bodies and scrambling hands towards Ganem’s chair. Could they lift him out of it? Sam could carry him out if Dean could…
“Yeah.” Dean breathed and pushed his hand through Cas’s hair.
“Eh.” Dean shrugged. “If the guy’s lasted this long I’d put decent money that they work it out. At least until senior prom.”
Dean’s head snapped up, his heartbeat tripping over itself for a second until he realized the boy in the doorway wasn’t Cas.
“A man broke into our house.” Sam had murmured, staring at a picture of the lovely blond woman holding a spiky-haired toddler that hung in Sam’s room beside his desk. The little boy in the Thomas the Tank Engine t-shirt was Dean, judging by the bright green eyes and brilliant smile. He looked unbearably happy and Castiel had felt his heart clench knowing what was in store for him and Sam. Sam, who was still just a bump beneath his mother’s shirt, her hand resting lovingly atop his bulk.
Dean gave an ugly snort. “Not sure I’d use that phrasing exactly. But Cas here pulled me out. After I’d already started up the END, but, you know.” Dean decided to ignore the brief flash of pain on Cas’s face. He could apologize later for rubbing at sore spots.
“Right.” Dean nodded, taking back the knife and sliding it into the sheath oh his thigh. Crap. “Thanks, Cas. For that.” He jerked his head towards the window, indicating Lisa and Ben.
“Is Rigby here? Or Raphael?”
He pointed a shaking finger at Cas again. “I want that piece of shit to march his skinny ass back down to the school and tell that idiot Chuck Shurley that this was all his fault! I will not have my son expelled for the sake of some no-name runaway
Cas flushed brightly and slapped Dean’s shoulder. “Knock it off.” He said.
Bela pursed her lips. “He left that to my discretion.” She leaned forward and inhaled, actually
“Only a movie marathon.” Cas told him. “Dean and Jo will both be helping in the Roadhouse. Perhaps Sam and Alfie will want to come along.” He knew Sam was looking to add more volunteer work to his college applications, and thought they both might enjoy spending the day together with him here.
“I think she is frustrated that you would suggest she go alone rather than invite her to go with you.” He said, calmly folding a new sheet of paper. Alfie just about choked on his tongue. Dean laughed and slapped him companionably on the back.
Cas nodded. “Chuck Shurley has continued to write well past Dean’s rescue from Hell. It’s a compulsion he must fulfill as a prophet of Heaven, but he has not been able to publish further gospels yet. I believe he’s been threatened with physical harm by these two if he tries.” Sam nodded.
Talia laughed. “Oh, definitely. But he’ll be fine. He’s ready.”
“Especially if you keep packing the doughnuts away, Dean-machine.” Gabriel said, catching the Winchester’s eyes wandering to the display case.
. I didn’t expect that. It hasn’t hurt like that in a long time. If it had been anyone but her…” Sam dropped his head again, trembling hard. For once Castiel knew what he was thinking. Sam was thinking that if it had been anyone else offering him something, whatever that drug in Lilith’s hand had been, Sam would have taken it. Castiel knew better.
Dean stayed silent.
The only two chairs not currently filled were the two at Castiel’s little table, and the blond noticed. Motioning to the boy to wait where he was, she trotted over.
“Were you ever suspended?” Cas asked.
“What did he want?” Sam asked tentatively.
Dean gave up trying to get through the herds of kids swarming towards the lobby and parked himself by the doors to cafeteria, leaning back against the lockers and watched the children trail by. Had it always been such a frigging zoo in the afternoons? Thinking back on it Dean didn’t really ever remembering being here for more than two seconds after the final bell rang. Just as he was contemplating punching the next kid that ran into him and didn’t even say sorry he spotted Sammy’s hair flopping towards him nearly half a foot above the rest of the student body.
“Goddamn.” Dean huffed. “Small fucking world.”
“Bobby, I’m three seconds from tearing the walls down. You gotta give me something!”
getting in fights. His face when it was over… he was angry, and upset, but mostly he was just… I don’t know. Tired.”
“Uh. Hey.” Dean offered with a lazy wave. “How was lunch?”
Of course he knew Dean didn’t love him in a romantic sense. Dean was straight, and even if he weren’t he would probably chose someone as gregarious and vivacious and captivating as himself. Someone luminous. He deserved as much. But nonetheless Cas had felt loved as Dean held him and let him weep. Pulling his pillow to his face he wrapped his arms around it, hugging it to him with all the strength he wished he’d held Dean.
Castiel didn’t pay too close attention, exhausted by the whole thing, really. Raphael had gone to jail, been fully expelled from school with no possibility of graduating, and lost his place at his college in the fall. He, Rigby and Sanz had all been charged with assault, illegal possession of a weapon on school property (apparently Rigby had been ratted out for showing off his switchblade at school a few weeks before) and all the charges Lucifer had worked up for the locker incident as well.
“You remember that now?” Dean asked.
“CAS!”
Sam laughed. “I think there are probably more than a handful of assholes in Lawrence.”
“I’m going to my room again, aren’t I?” he guessed.
Dean shook his head. “Angry doesn’t seem like the right word. Sickened is probably closer.”
because he knew he was right
Castiel turned and tilted an eyebrow at Alfie. “What?”
“Almost nothing.” Nikki admitted. “We were sort of busy saving that one.” She pointed at Cas.
“I’m well aware of that.” Cas said, taking another sip of his drink and letting his eyes wander around the room.
He could feel Dean’s surprise in the tightening of his hand, but after a moment he joined in, too. “
Dean lifted his fist, showing Cas the dull gold band.
“And Sam?”
“That must have been difficult for you.” Cas said, and Dean was surprised to find him smiling.
“Oh. Sure.” She said, allowing him to steer her back onto the sidewalk. Once they were outside he pulled her into the doorway leading to Gabriel’s apartment, sheltering them from the noise of the traffic.
“By finals I was clean and I managed to squeak by. Chuck somehow smoothed things over with the Finnermans so that I didn’t get expelled. I still don’t know how he managed that.”
So they were going to talk about it, then. Dean snarled into his beer. “Don’t try that Good Will Hunting bullshit on me, ok Cas? ”
“If there is unsweetened iced tea I would like that.” Castiel asked, rubbing at his jaw. “Living with Gabriel has begun to make me despise sugar.”
Cas wheeled around, his fist already clenched at his side when a hand on his shoulder stopped him.
“Cas? You ok?” Sam asked, patting his arm again.
Dean looked up to find Benny’s blue eyes peering at him over the roof of the car. Bobby and Ash had gone to lunch leaving just the two of them to wait for Cas to get in at one. Sundays were usually pretty quiet and Dean had spent most of the morning trying to lose himself in work with moderate success. Now that he had a few cups of coffee in him he was feeling a bit more human but apparently not enough to pay attention.
Rigby gulped and his hands began to shake. “That’s not true.” He croaked, but his voice held no conviction. “Right, Raph? You wouldn’t…”
“Gabe would get you one.” Jo reminded him.
Burcham Park was about a half hour walk from Reynard’s and although it was blisteringly cold out, the air was still and the sun bright. Castiel walked, relishing the stretch in his legs after a long morning letting Gabriel “spoil” him. As hard-working as Gabriel normally was, on occasion his devotion to sloth almost rivalled his devotion to gluttony. He was a creature of comfort and excess, at his core, and Castiel was glad that those traits he remembered from childhood hadn’t held Gabriel back out in the real world.
Cas’s head swung towards him and Dean was pinned under that blank stare. “What changed?” he asked flatly.
Castiel sighed and pushed back to his feet, wondering again what could have gotten Alfie so riled up. He turned toward the river trail, which was at least plowed and free of black ice, and headed into the trees.
Nikki grimaced. “Well, I mean, not
“Yes, Dean?” Castiel had a feeling he knew what was coming and hoped he didn’t sound as breathless as he felt.
“Yeah well. He
“Very nearly.” Ganem agreed. He folded his hands in his lap, ignoring the tea Dean placed on the table beside him. “He poured more of himself into sealing that spell than I would have thought possible, tied himself around her like a string. He was very strong.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m aware of the term, Dean.” He said. “I’ve lived with Gabriel for nearly a year now.”
Gabriel chuckled louder.
Dean squinted at him as if it might be booby-trapped. “What?”
“You look… well.” Cas said hesitantly and Dean barked out another sad approximation of mirth.
“In God?” Samandriel tilted his head.
“Oh.” The blush receded and for the first time she smiled at him fully. Her whole body language changed in just a moment. She stood straighter, tipped her head back to look at him straight on, squared her hips towards him and stopped fiddling with her hair. It was like looking at a different person. “Oh, of course. I’m so sorry. It didn’t occur to me either. That you might be, I mean,” she laughed. It was a pretty, musical little sound. “How awkward!”
“Just what?” Gabe demanded.
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean sighed. Lisa just stared at the angel, tucking her hair behind her ear.
“So we’re thinking angels are behind this?” Dean guessed.
“You played very well, Sam.” Cas said. Dean wasn’t sure how he could sound so calm and casual standing next to someone who had basically just assaulted him to prove a point to some douchebag. God, what was
Jo laughed. “We don’t actually do much studying.” She explained. “It’s more an excuse to hang out and complain about our teachers and stuff. It’ll only be about studying when finals roll around.”
him, and then you allow The Abomination to take him away when he’s supposed to be seeking atonement?” Uriel walked over to him, frustration tingeing his words. “Our mission is to watch over Dean Winchester. We’re only supposed to interfere when it’s absolutely necessary.”
The smell was coming from Dean’s blood. From Dean’s
reason.
“I’m keeping the world and my family safe,” Jesus said bluntly. “This might be the only way I can do that, but it’s still my choice.” He paused. “There’s always a choice, Castiel.  We—we’re not puppets.”
Just quickly as it appeared, the pain was gone.
“Sam had blood smeared all over his mouth.” Dean’s voice was quiet, almost a whisper. “And it smelled like sulfur.”
His uncle laughed. “Exactly why we must make haste.” The man stumbled away, still laughing.
Dean dodged it, moving his torso away. “Wrong sword, Old Scratch.”
it was.” She paused for a moment, shaking her head. “I
She was beautiful.
paint samples for the nursery.”
?” Bobby asked. “I mean, you boys have had other lives besides those two, right? Why didn't the angels start it sooner?"
Then Sam saw the price of that miracle. Dean marked by the stigmata, bleeding and in agony while angels looked on with indifference disguised as devotion to a higher purpose. Then Sam learned the reasonfor that miracle. Dean was Son of God, The Second Coming. The stigmata marked his body as a sacred vessel, but they were also his penance, a way of cleansing him of the stain of Hell.
Two days ago, his stomach began to ache with hunger, but the only nourishment he found was in the sun-warmed water of his goatskin.
Silence fell between them.
Dean glared at him. “You son of a bitch.”
Bobby scoffed. “Sure. Leave me with the heavy lifting.”
“Well,” Dean sighed. “That’s all we need for now. If we need any more information we’ll call you.”
“Of course I did. I
“Quarter after noon…
They were halfway to the door when the pastor walked into the room. Dean’s eyes locked on him instantly, not the pastor, but to the being that now dwelled within him, a horrible creature with white eyes. “Alastair.” Dean’s voice shook and his eyes went wide.
have a kid. My wife was pregnant when I got crucified.”
“Cas.” Dean let out a soft groan, his eyes slamming shut. “Fuck.” He shuddered, opened mouthed and breathless, running his hands through hair on the top of Castiel’s head.
When she had finished wrapping Dean’s feet with fresh bandages, she then set her eyes on the blood that had started to stain the sleeves of his dark gray hoodie. She pulled his sleeves up, setting her gaze on the crimson marked bandages. Without a single word she rewrapped Dean’s wrists. She did the same to his head and back.
Sam caught him before he could fall out of the car and onto the pavement, his eyes wide as bruises appeared on the front and back of Dean’s left wrist. The bruises turned red and split open, becoming a circular, deep, bleeding wound. Dean screamed again.
“And even if he could be—” Dean bit his lip. “—even if he could be healed, the whole time I was gone, he never tracked me down. He’s a good hunter and between the bleeding wounds, miracles and spending a month in a convent, I wouldn’t have been that tricky to find. Sam didn’t look very hard. If he even looked at all.”
“So what are you waiting for? Get the show on the road,” Lilith said, glaring at Sam.
Sam could smell the roses. He could
“Chosen,” Judas scoffed. “Between the Egyptians enslaving us, the Babylonians exiling us, the Greeks and now the Romans oppressing us, it seems more like we’re cursed.”
“Seeing The Temple. Standing that is. I’ve visited the Western Wall.”
“No,” Jesus croaked. “I chose this pain. I have to endure it.”
Joel’s father, a tall man with brown hair, stood next to his wife and child. “We’re Saved.
“Yeah. I’ve been doing research.” Sam’s voice was matter-of-fact. “I’ve been trying to figure out what happened to you.”
Dean shoved the phone back into his jacket.
“It don’t look like nothing.” Dean’s voice was blunt as he watched Sam. “You’re shaking.”
“There he is,” Sam smirked. “My dear older brother and our guest of honor.” He paused, then Sam sauntered over to Dean. “Heaven’s Crown Prince.”
His eyes slipped shut. The race of his heart slowed, then the pain ceased.
The sky was still deep blue when Jesus woke, only a thin slice of orange had begun to cross the horizon. He could hear James and Joses sleeping next to him on their bed mats, Joses snoring loudly. Mary and his sister Dinah were talking quietly amongst themselves in a corner of the main room. They were kneading the dough, getting a head start on the cooking they had been barred from doing during the Sabbath.
, in fact.”
“Are you sure about that?” Jesus asked.
“I need faith in a lotta things, Sister.” Dean nodded. “But I’m working on that.
“Not anymore more than I normally do.” Dean shrugged. “I try to avoid demons as much as possible.” He cocked his head to the side. “So you're in The Life?”
The wounds that his palms had received in Hell—as he now knew all too well—had been for the same reason as the ones his wrists now bore—markings of what he was—even though their
anymore.”
Dean didn’t say anything more.
Dean froze, his body trembling. Tears filled his eyes. “N— No…”
Just then, the sound of the main church door closing echoed through the Cathedral. One of the sisters from the convent walked in, making her way over to the side aisle. Dean quickly he turned away from her, staring at the floor.
“Okay.”  Before moving, Dean did a scan of the dining room. It was unpopulated aside from a group of drunk college kids. Dean turned to Jimmy and cocked his head in the direction he wanted to go before making his way over to the booth: far away from the college kids, the bathroom, and the counter.
Dean choked, grabbing at Lucifer’s arm.
—psychedelic folk rock with screeching guitars— filled the cabin. It was moody and ominous, prophetic even.
“No. I got this.” Sam turned his gaze away from Dean as he finished pulling the thread through. “You need to rest.” After tying it off with his free hand and teeth, he poured the last of the whiskey over the wound, hissing sharply at the burn.
Bobby searched
“—If this is to be my fate, then it is to be my fate.” Jesus shrugged, tapping the rim of the cup with his thumb.
for that?” Concern laced his question.
that, Sam. Better than anybody. I’m still grieving Dean and him comin’
“Bobby’s,”  Dean said bluntly. “That’s the only place I wanna be right now.” Dean wrapped his arms around his torso, ghosting his fingers over the bones on the left side of his ribcage.
“At my fucking wedding too. The bastard,” Dean laughs. Sam grins wider at Dean’s acceptance of their father’s awfulness.
“It’s fine. What are you doing here anyway?” Sam asks, slipping out of bed, grateful he had half a mind last night to at least put some sweatpants on.
“Charlie, if you really feel uncomfortable, you can leave, but I’d really like you to stay. You’re like a sister to us.” Sam pulls her into a quick embrace. “Plus, you’re the only one I can geek out with. I’d probably die of boredom being stuck between my parents and the newlyweds. Even with Jack.”
“I love you, Dean,” Cas mumbles against his jaw.
“Morning, little brother,” Dean says cheerily as he spots Sam in the kitchen, then Jack. “Hey kid.”
“Sorry,” Jack says apologetically, “I thought you had seen me already.”
Cas had a few too many drinks at that point, so Jack was in charge of leading Gabriel over to the depressed Winchester. Dean had dragged Cas into a make-out session, so he wasn’t sure what had happened, but he was fairly sure Sam was too drunk to really understand what was going on. And, sure enough, the next time Cas looked over at the odd duo, they were destroying the dance floor to some Beyonce song that Charlie had convinced Dean to let her play.
“Oh. Sorry.” Sam lets go and blinks quickly, covering the evidence of tears. He stares at Gabriel for another moment, a little afraid that maybe last night was a dream, and he wasn’t actually here. He clears his throat and nods. Gabe smiles back and pats Sam’s arm gently.
“I let it happen. He kinda deserved it, don’t you think?” Sam startles as he hears Jack’s voice in the quiet morning.
“Yo Gabe!” Dean shouts, “You here for breakfast?”
“Sorry, what was it?” Sam says after shaking his head to clear it.
“What--” Sam stops as Charlie raises a finger to her lips, pointing to the kitchen. Jack walks over, glowing with pride as the sound of Someday Soon by Judy Collins comes spilling out of the kitchen. Mary is looking into the kitchen smiling fondly, and Sam’s eyes track her line of sight. Dean and Cas are swaying slowly in the kitchen, dancing together to the song that has so much love and sadness attached to it from so many years ago.
“Should we make sure they’re okay?”
Sam shakes his head, not wanting to ruin the morning with his own depressing thoughts. He leans against the doorframe of the kitchen and watches as his brother moves around the kitchen with a sort of grace that Sam never had. Sure, Sam could cook. He was able to feed himself enough to stay alive. But there was a certain rhythm to the way Dean did things. Like he grew up in a kitchen. Jack was the absolute opposite. Being raised on cereal and take-out really took a toll on the kid’s cooking skills, and although Dean was trying his best to teach the kid how the kitchen worked, Sam didn’t miss the way Jack would use his god-mojo when Dean wasn’t looking.
“No kidding,” Sam chuckles, “I don’t really remember much, so it must’ve been.”
There was a huge turnout. The roadhouse was packed, but somehow fit everyone. Jack even pulled a few strings and got Benny, Crowley, and even Rowena up here (Garth and his family already had a place in heaven, per Dean’s request). Even Ketch and Mick stopped by. He also vaguely remembers Sam being reunited with a particularly tricky archangel. And although Dean always had his suspicions, he was just as surprised as everyone else when Gabriel had asked Sam to dance to Love On Top by Beyonce. Poor sucker was so depressed after finding out Eileen had found someone else, but when Gabriel had appeared… Well, he doesn’t think he’d seen Sam so happy. Sam was probably too drunk to remember it though. He chuckles at the memory, but stops reminiscing before things get too embarrassing. Karaoke started shortly after and Dean knows he took the stage, but decides that’s something that doesn’t need to be remembered.
“Hey Sammy!” Dean calls, snapping Sam out of the trance he put himself in, watching two of the people he loved most in the world mess around.
“Do you think we can get them to dance?” Jack whispers to Sam after walking over to his place in the doorway.
“Oh, uh, yeah. Me too,” Dean stutters. He wasn’t really expecting Cas to break out the sap so early in the morning. Not like he was complaining. Cas smiles his adorably awkward smile, and leans in for another kiss. Turns out, the angel was a huge advocate for physical touch. Again, Dean wasn’t complaining, he just wasn’t used to having so much love shown towards him.
“Ew,” Sam shudders at the prospect of waking up between Cas and his brother.
“Nothing it’s just…” Charlie laughs nervously and puts the plate down, “Maybe I should leave, I mean, you guys probably have a lot to talk about and I feel like I’m intruding on your family meal and it’s kinda weird since I’m not really your family and not to mention there’s not even room for another person at the table and--”
Sam wakes up with a groan. His head aches, which says something to how much he drank last night, because you aren’t supposed to get headaches in heaven. At least, he doesn't think so. He pushes himself off of his bed, rubbing at his face. Looking down at his hands he sees almost-healed bruises littering his knuckles and chuckles. John had called Dean and Cas a slur, and Sam had gone off on him. He didn’t really think he could beat someone up in heaven.
“Dean,” John says, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean whips around and tries to put on a blank face, but he can’t help the satisfaction at seeing the major shiner Sam had given him.
Him and Dean had a much better time when they went to visit Bobby. That man was more of a father than John had ever been. The unfortunate thing was, Mary still loved John. And they were soulmates, no matter how awful John was. And she was convinced he could be taught how to be better. And who knows, maybe he can. One of his son’s was now married to an angel after all, and the three of them (Sam, Dean, and Cas) all had joint guardianship over God. That had definitely changed their fathers perspective, but that doesn’t stop him from reverting back to his crappy ways when he’s drunk. Something about alcohol just brings out the worst in the man.
“Pft, in that case, of course I’ll be over.”
“Sorry guys,” Jack says, “I thought you’d want him there.”
“See you in like, twenty?”
As the song ended Dean looked up from teaching Jack a few of his own dance moves. His eyes lit up even more, if that was even possible, as soon as they landed on Cas. The joy on his brother’s face hit Sam a little hard, and he turned away trying to hide the sappy expression he knew was on his face.
“Yes. It was very fun. I don’t think I’ve ever been so happy.”
__________
“Oh it was, believe me,” Charlie laughs.
“No,” Sam says firmly as he steps closer to Gabriel. He leans down and hugs the archangel tightly, not really caring if his family sees. It’s been way too damn long. He thought Gabe was dead for the longest time, only to have him come back years later and die permanently. It probably would have broken Sam if he had any time at all to process what had happened. It was always something in the back of his head, niggling away at his subconscious. All the what-ifs and how-comes.
“Took you long enough,” A snarky voice cuts through Sam’s despair and self-loathing, rooting him back down to reality. “Although, you kinda look like hell, so I can’t really fault you.”
“See ya,” Sam says before hanging up.
“Whoa, whoa, hold up,” Sam interrupts, “Of course you’re family. And Dean specifically wanted you here. Why would you think we wanted you gone?”
Dean really doesn’t remember much from yesterday as he wakes up next to Cas. Light is shining in through the windows, casting an ethereal glow on his b-- no, husband’s, face. He smiles, trying to remember what the hell had even happened yesterday. He remembers vividly his vows (he almost tears up again thinking about it), he remembers the first dance (to Unchained Melody, obviously), but everything after is a little blurry. He vaguely remembers John saying something and getting beaten up for it (Dean has a really hard time feeling bad for that). Sam and his mom were crying practically the whole time too, even Bobby had some shed tears, which Dean was shocked at. Although, just having all of his friends and family together really made him emotional as well.
“I’m not getting out of that, huh?”
Everyone is fairly quiet for the first few minutes, reveling in the banana pancakes with eggs and bacon (cooked to perfection). Jack and Cas start talking about a few changes that were needed to heaven, but most of that conversation went over everyone else’s heads. Dean quotes Inception and him and Charlie start geeking out and talking about Leonardo DiCaprio (“I don’t care who you are, that man is attractive” Charlie says, Dean vehemently agreeing). John and Mary start talking about some carpet that she wanted but John had deemed “too bright”. Everyone was caught up in their conversations and suddenly Sam was feeling like the odd man out.
Once they finally got situated again, the conversation slowly started back up again. Dean, and Mary started talking about the reception and the amazing decor done at the roadhouse, with John sitting awkwardly nodding at the right times. Charlie decided that her and Gabe were supposed to be the best of friends, and began asking him what his Harry Potter house was. Gabriel pretended to lean over Sam to talk to Charlie, but Cas caught the firmly planted hand on Sam’s knee and chuckled to himself at Sam’s blushing face.
“Morning sleeping beauty,” Dean said as Cas walked towards him.
Castiel glances at Dean fondly, a smile dancing over his lips as Dean uses his hands to tell Mary about something that happened last night. He remembers that night, when he got taken by the empty. He had always loved Dean, probably more than he should have. When he had confessed and Dean didn’t reciprocate, well, he thought things were over. They would have been over anyways, so he was surprised when he found himself back in heaven, with Jack, no less. When he heard about Dean’s passing away, he didn’t want to see him right away. He was scared of what Dean would say, because surely the hunter heard him that night in the bunker. So he waited. He waited until Sam finally came along, the brothers reunited and together, everything was right with the world once again.
Sam laughs and Jack smiles a little unsurely. He probably didn’t understand their definition of entertainment, but Sam didn’t really feel like explaining, and Jack didn’t ask. Dean goes back to flipping pancakes and watching the bacon with a careful eye. He wasn’t picky about it normally, but when he was the one cooking, he was disappointed if it was less than perfect. Sam flipped on the radio in the corner of the kitchen, smiling at the best of 60s, 70s, and 80s spilling out of the speakers. He glanced at Jack, who winked at him before focusing back on whatever Dean was trying to teach him.
“Sam-shine?” Sam asks after Gabriel finishes dishing himself up a huge helping of banana pancakes covered in syrup and whipped cream. “That’s a new one.”
“Who’s ready for some fucking breakfast?” Dean says, clapping his hands together. Mary and Sam laugh and Charlie whoops.
“So what’s up? I know it’s noon, but I kinda thought you would object to waking up before three.”
Amelia flinched. “I –“
She huffed, kicking her heel against the wall.
“That was
“Although I can think of at least one thing they all want from me.” Castiel added, hiding a smile as Gabriel tilted his head in concern.
“Cas.” Gabriel sighed, shifting unhappily.
“Good lord.” He murmured. His fist tightened on the controls, his chair jumping a few inches forward before he managed to release it. “Henry!”
Ben’s eyes popped but he continued to write, carefully leaning over Bobby’s shoulder to make sure he spelled the pagan god’s name correctly.
She stood a bit straighter. “And you think they’re coming after us?”
“So I gotta get on the present train before Lucy sweeps in and outbids me.” Gabriel said, drawing a piece of glossy paper from his back pocket and offering it over.
“How so?” Sam asked.
Dean continued where Cas had left off, wincing at the pinch of pain every time he dipped his fingers into the cut. “Gotten soft.” He muttered.
Damn. He looked fantastic.
“I’m guessing you won’t run into a lamp post in an empty parking lot on your first try like someone in the room.”
“Nicolette?” Dean couldn’t keep his eyebrows from leaping up at the name. Nikki groaned.
“But?”
“If you say so.” Lucifer shrugged. “Looks more like a cake than a pie.”
Sam and Jo showed up with the evening crowd, Sam toting one of his geek books and looking like he could use a nap. Dean had been watching his brother pretty damn close over the past week or two, remembering how bad it could get when Sam got stressed out. That’s what those counselling people at the hospital had said, was to watch for stress. Tessa, the hot psychiatrist chick they’d stuck on Sammy’s case, had said Sam needed to “manage” his stress better. “Channel it into healthy activities” and all that bullshit. Normally Dean would have written that off as psychobabble bullshit but this was Sammy. It seemed like a pretty legitimate assessment to say the more focused he got the worse his decision-making abilities became. And being a Winchester his decision-making abilities had been kinda shitty to start with. That’s what had caused this whole mess. Well, one of the things.
Dean laughed and leaned over to kiss his temple. Sam made the requisite “gross, Dean” face but smiled when Cas ran a fond hand over the back of Dean’s head. “You kids have fun.” He said, winking at Alfie. The kid was at least recovered enough to blush. Dean was pretty sure Jo was gonna eat the poor kid alive, but he was damn sure the kid would enjoy the hell out of it.
Dean blanched. “That bitch-“
Lunch had been a confusing experience, the cafeteria a den of unrestrained chaos that smelled strongly of bleach and industrial detergent. What they called pizza appeared to be a piece of toast with ketchup and cheese smeared across it and the only beverages available were carbonated. He’d managed to find a mostly-unbruised apple and a bottle of water to tide him over until school let out.
“I was thinking,” Dean continued, “I have tonight off. And Sammy’s got his first speech team meeting. Said he might spend the night at Brady’s after. So it’ll just be me. All alone in that little apartment. On the night before my birthday.”
“Uh, hey Dean.” Alfie twittered, sidling up to the bar like a stray dog.
“Jimmy was a good guy.” He allowed, poking at his second slice. “Poor bastard.”
“It’s like Lord of the Rings on steroids.” Jo explained.
Anna turned back to Cas, her eyes lingering on his scar for a moment. “That’s healing beautifully.” She said. “Even Richard would approve.” Her voice was strangely even as she spoke of her ex-husband and Cas smiled sadly.
Cas blushed and picked up his own fork. The pie was delicious, as usual, and he couldn’t hold in a tiny groan of appreciation.
“Dean.” Cas whispered, “We shouldn’t be-“
Hannah’s grace rippled, satisfied. “Raphael continues to site your absence from Heaven as a sign that you are no longer fit to inhabit it, let alone rule it.” She informed him. “You need to increase your presence here.”
Dean groaned, rolling onto his back and scrubbing his hands across his face. “Alright, so maybe he’s my best friend. Or he was. Before I pulled this boneheaded move.”
.” And with that scant warning he dove in, blasting away the last of Cas’s reason.
“I’ve never heard you laugh like that.” Gabriel agreed, his smile softer than his usual feral grin. “I think that calls for free pie all around.”
“Cassie,” Gabriel was already halfway around the counter when Cas held his hand out, baking up a step.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. “Why would you do that?” he asked, watching as Sam and Jo traded that same concerned look he had seen Monday night.
