“Not much,” Dean said without thinking, offhandedly trying to contribute to the conversation and keep it as short as possible simultaneously.
“Do you have any lubricant?”
Dean crossed the room and found one.  It was one of those goofy ones that said ‘Paint Water’ on it.  He poured himself a generous amount of steaming, black coffee and carried it back, plunking himself down at the small table across from Castiel.  He drank from it like it was water in the desert, and it may as well have been for all the sleep he was lacking these days.  When he gave it some reprieve, he noticed Castiel watching him drink it and choked slightly as he set down his half-drunk mug.
Castiel bit out a scathing laugh, but he didn’t dignify it with a response.  He wasn’t doing anything with himself, graduated or not.  He was going to rot inside his tin can coffin just like his aunt, pickling his liver and frying his brain cells.  Hell, he was probably already halfway there at this rate.
Benny's impish smirk involuntarily cracked and his restrained giggles turned into obnoxious guffawing at the memory and at Dean’s face.  Clutching at his sides like he was living it all over again, he slumped over his knees and pointed a finger at Dean.  "So you do remember,” he wheezed, scrubbing a hand over his pink face.
“Yeah, of course.  He said you’d turned me against him or something.  He kept saying shit like that since you left and I kept defending you thinking he might get the hint that he does that enough on his own.  He never did.”
Idling for a moment, Dean deliberated.  He killed the engine and got out of the car slowly, resting a hand over the gun in his belt.  “Hey, buddy,” he called out to the man, “You lost?”
“Oh, fuck-- oh, fuck-- oh, fuck,” Dean was chanting a litany.  Eyes screwing shut, Dean thought he might actually be going blind.  His hips jerked off the bed and his muscles seized up like he was shocked by that very same livewire.  His mouth fell open in a silent shout as thick ropes of cum splashed across his stomach and up his chest, a high-pitched keen finally escaping him.
Did he know?  Was this some sort of ploy to twist his arm?  No, Aaron was too dense for that kind of underhanded maneuver.  But Charlie could know.  Her and Dean were practically glued at the hip.  Dean wouldn’t do that, would he?  He said he wouldn’t.  Castiel was just being paranoid.
“I wanna see,” Sam griped next to him.
After a moment, he found his footing.  “What the fuck was that really about?” he asked, and he waited for the answer, holding Balthazar’s gaze steadily, Balthazar holding it right back almost defiantly, until he broke away without giving one.  Castiel sighed.  “Listen to me,” he said, “Because I need you to really understand this next part: I am not interested in you.”  Balthazar’s face was pointedly blank, not allowing the hurt to bleed through, but he didn’t seem surprised and Castiel was grateful for that.  “We tried, okay?  I tried.  And it did not work.”
Castiel was staring out the window, watching the lights blur together as they cruised down the main street, when Meg insistently nudged him in the arm.  Irritably, he looked over to her and scowled, but then down to her hand, offering out that tiny bag of powder.  She smirked when a triumphant grin broke out on his face, taking hold of the bag.
*****
Dean’s fists wound their way into the short strands on top of his own head, tugging.  He groaned low in his throat.  “Goddamnit, Sam.  Of course I’m gonna worry about you!  It’s my fucking job to worry about you!  I told you to call me when shit hits the fan!  I told you to go to Bobby’s!”
“It means: I do not. Want.  Your paper.  You’re off the hook.”
Was he okay?  Probably not.
Charlie rolled her eyes.  “Shuddup, Winchester.”
He didn’t really have a choice.
“Dean’s straight,” Cas supplies for him like he’s passing some sort of unspoken judgment.
“You didn’t answer me, Dean.  Are you alright?”
Benny regarded him softer now and Dean kind of hated it.  It was too close to pity, but Benny knew all about John.  Even met him a handful of times too. “S’long as you don’t do it in my bed again, you could fuck whoever or whatever you wanted for all I care... just be smart about it,” he added, with a pointed look.
For a few minutes, Castiel reviewed his notes, despite knowing Michelangelo’s work like the back of his hand.  After what must have felt like twenty minutes more, Castiel released a long yawn as he wiped away the moisture collecting in his eyes.  He would just have to wing it and hope the students understood the relevance of all mediums of art and how they influenced and played off one another.  Drawing, after all, was the fundamental basis for all other mediums.
He doesn’t love you, Castiel, hissed a familiar voice inside his head.
“Professor Novak?”  The deep voice was shy and hesitant, but also curious, as though they knew they were interrupting something, but couldn't pull themselves away.
“Your behavior tonight says otherwise.”
“Nah, Cas, we’re good,” Dean said, “Diner food sounds pretty good right about now, actually.”  He stood and drained his coffee, placing the mug beside Castiel’s in the sink.  “Did you, uh, want to come with us?  To the diner, I mean?”
Dean gives Jack a warning side-eye and Jack actually catches the hint, taking a step out of his personal space.  He stirs it again.  “It’s shit is what it is, but it’s all we got.  Sorry it ain’t lasagna.”  Bringing the bottle to his lips, he takes another long pull and throws the dish rag he used to wipe his fingers over his shoulder.
Dean’s hand flew to the back of his neck again to soothe his nerves.  “Yeah, I guess you could say that.”
Thank you,” he stuttered elegantly and hung up.  “God, thank you.”
“Course,” Dean rasped, balling up a paper napkin in his fist.  He swallowed the last bite of his pizza, but he couldn’t help the sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach.  As it turned out, he wasn’t that hungry anymore.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, nose still releasing measured, angry heaves of breath.  “You’re jealous,” he stated, not leaving it open for interpretation, because that was what it was.  What it all came down to.  His erratic and cloying behavior for the last month.  Since he came back from his sabbatical honestly.  It was the only explanation.  Castiel watched as he fumbled for the right words.
It wasn’t long before Hannah joined him on the sofa.  They ate in strained silence, aside from Castiel assuring her the lasagna turned out just as good as it always did despite the fact he knew Dean’s was better and Hannah attempted to ask him about work.  He deflected as he usually did, and he tried to work up the nerve to tell her he was leaving.  Leaving her, the house, the dog.  He was always more of a cat person, really.  He could start a new garden anywhere.  Dean had a lovely terrace suitable for herbs.  Dean made his coffee better.  Dean thought his bitchy morning personality was endearing.  More importantly than any of that, Castiel loved Dean.  He really did.  Even if he wouldn’t allow himself to say it because saying it made him a bad person.  And once upon a time, he’d loved Hannah too, but not in the same way.  He didn’t know what he was missing until he found it in Dean.
“Are you insinuating I'm unlikable?”
Stunned by the admission, Castiel’s features soften and he simply blinks, but then a pitying look overcomes him.  Dean has grown to despise that look.
Dean chuckled, pulling out a ten.  “Yeah, I’ll buy that.”  He handed her the cash and picked up one of each.  Putting the unicorn in his mouth, he handed the rainbow cookie across the table to Charlie and smiled around his mouthful.  He jerked his head towards Castiel who was presently slumped over in his chair looking grumpy as hell.  “For Grumpy Bear over there if he wants it,” he said with a wink.  “Catch you guys later.”
“But you know it still!”
He could do that.   It could be that easy.  Yet his feet weren't moving.
Castiel rolled his eyes, and shrugged Balthazar off.  “I’m not,” Castiel assured him.  “This is my friend, Balthazar.”  He made sure to emphasize the word for everyone involved.  “Don’t mind him, he’s just an asshole.”
Castiel met with his students briefly at the admissions counter to hand them all discount stickers for their IDs.  After that they seemed to scatter of their own accord, for which he was grateful because he was genuinely looking forward to the quiet serenity that often came with being surrounded by art.  Naturally, Charlie and Dean stuck together; practically bound at the hip as new friends often are.  He didn’t dwell.  He paid for his own admission and wandered his way up the ornate stairwell that climbed both sides of  the rotunda.
“Oh, John, it looks just like yours,” Mary cooed, eyes going all soft and wistful.
Cas grinned and enthusiastically accepted the offering. “Oh man, you warmed it up for me and everything! Aw, Dean, you shouldn’t have.”
Dean tossed his head back on a boisterous laugh as he laid with his shoulders propped up against his backpack, long legs crossed at the ankle.  “More for me then,” he teased.
“Why doesn’t he have to wear a friggin’ tie?” Dean asked once John was out of ear shot.
“---’s sick.  And I know you two have never really been on the same page, but the doctors, they don’t know how much time there is and I just,” She exhaled hard.  “I just think it would mean a lot to both of you if…”
looked good like this.
Just then he noticed an old woman across the train car keeping a wary eye on the pair of them like they were suspicious characters plotting to steal her purse or something.  The two of them probably looked ridiculous sitting there together, battered and bruised.
They move on to the next room. More of the same. Papers, cobwebs, dust. They go through two more offices like that. Checking desk drawers and doing quick sweeps.
“Impure thoughts,” he clarified.
“What are you, fucking high?”  Dean balked.  “What the fuck is wrong with you!?”
Castiel rummaged around, but found it easily enough and tossed the bottle and the condom on the bed beside Dean.  “Lift your hips higher,” he said.  Reaching up to grab a spare pillow, Castiel motioned for Dean to put it underneath him so Dean did without argument, and then Castiel was in his space, head dipping to brush a savoring kiss to Dean’s lips, down the center of his chest.  He took a brief detour to lave over Dean’s nipples.  He grazed the buds between his teeth, drawing out a mewling moan, and Dean wanted him to stay there longer, but he continued on, biting at his hip bones, tongue trailing over his navel, licking his way down to the base of Dean’s cock again until he sat back on his heels. He kissed the backs of Dean’s thighs before he moved towards the center.
“What’re you doin’ out here?”  Dean’s voice was thick with sleep and confusion as he rubbed at his eyes, trying to discern Castiel in the dark.
The art symbolism in this chapter is my favorite, just saying.  It's only fitting that our own posterboy stirs a rebirth in our oblivious professor lol.
“Uh, why?  The witch got ganked, the monster got its brain pureed, the bodies got tagged, and that Wendy chick made it home in one piece.  Far as I’m concerned, we can wash our hands clean of this crap and hightail it outta here in time for the early bird special.”
“And how are you two doing?”  Castiel asked letting his eyes flit between them after a while.  “After… everything.”
But Dean craved more.  And just for the fact he asked at all, Dean lifted his head to give a flimsy nod, the feeling unsteady on his neck.
Castiel scoffed.  “I am
“Nothing,” was what Sam claimed, but Dean knew that was bullshit.
Reluctantly, Castiel got up.  He slipped into the same oversized sweater as the night before and a pair of sunglasses as Dean righted his own appearance and off they went.
“But what would the people at the office say?”
Now, Jack is sat in the passenger seat munching on more gas station fare as Sam merges onto the exit towards Wendy’s house.
Castiel shrugged, but he didn’t look away. His expression was entirely unreadable in the dark. “Have you ever thought about kissing me?”
“Let me see your ass.”
“We should change that.”  Dean broke out into a full grin and winked.  It did nothing to unnerve him.  “You know,” he continued, “for what it’s worth, I’ve actually been dyin’ for the opportunity to take you out for at least a month or two now.”
“That’s a good idea.”
Dean faltered, his stomach dropping impossibly lower.  “No, I haven’t.”
He gave an almost imperceptible nod, though his eyes were still pinched shut, and Castiel could barely hear him when he all but whispered, voice ragged against his ear, “I want you to fuck me.”
Dean had no idea who Aaron even was.  “Um, Charlie, I hate to be the one to break it to you… but you’re gay.”
“Different demons have different faces.  I- I’d never seen one in person.  Not until I’d confronted it in Dean’s subconscious.”
Dean contemplated the bag as he set down his coffee.  “Sam, when you left yesterday, you had to have known you wouldn’t be able to stay with me, right?  I mean I live with Benny and the two of you don’t exactly get along...”
“Uh, what?”
“S’far, s’good,” Bobby supplied.  “Actually, funny you should mention it…”.  As if  his father didn't mention it every time.  He reached down to paw around for the bag set at his feet before handing it off to Dean across the top of the table.
“Because you’re not here for me!”  Castiel slipped a finger under its grip and sucked in a strangled breath.
*****
Castiel wasn’t sure if he should be grateful for the drink or not, but he said “thank you” anyway and hesitantly lifted the drink to his lips.  It had a tiny straw, though he wasn’t sure if that was a pro or a con.  It was also incredibly watered down.
Castiel parted his lips to speak, but it was Dean’s voice that came out instead.  “Just a small disagreement, sir,” he said breezily, “Got a little carried away.”  His eyes darted to the pocketknife glinting under a nearby locker, but he quickly composed himself.
“Why can’t it be both?”
“Mmh.  And do you think I’m old as well?”
“You will stay here,” Castiel asserts lowly, a dangerous glint in his eye.  “I’ve searched for you for lifetimes and I will not let you out of my sight again.”
“Hey,” Castiel said after a while, and Dean met his eyes only for him to chew pensively on his lip and deflect. “Nevermind.”
Snaking a hand into Dean’s jacket pocket, Sam jingles the keys in front of his face.  “Driving,” he says, matter-of-factly.  Sam climbs into the driver side as Cas squeezes into the backseat with Jack and Wendy.  He asks Wendy her address and fortunately it’s close by.
“Then, no.”
“No,” Dean protested weakly, unwilling or unable to accept the hard truths of the harsh reality they’d found themselves in.  “No!  You just need to fight harder--”
“Um, Professor Novak,” the girl, maybe Beth or something like it, hesitated.
“Is anyone going to finish the rest of the chili?” asks Jack, rising from the table with a bright smile and Dean just rolls his eyes.
“I see.”  Castiel’s eyes roved from Dean’s scarlet face to his groin in milliseconds, but he forced himself to look towards an ugly spot on the carpet instead and bit his tongue.
Just as Dean turned to head to the basement, his boss, Crowley, seemingly appeared out of thin air blocking the stairwell.  “I thought I heard your voice.  And what, pray tell, might I be eating?”
“Right.  Of course not.”
“Yes,” he admitted, albeit a little incredulously.
“You wanna tell me about whatever that was back there?”
Dean turned to look at his little brother then, tall, awkward, and lanky, disheveled from a full nights sleep, and he grinned.  “Mornin’, Sammy.  You look like hell.”
Without further acknowledgment, she answered, “Monday.”
The marble sculpture depicted Saint Teresa of Avila in the throes of spiritual ecstasy; head thrown back, mouth parted, eyes half-lidded.  Having been visited by an angel, she’d described being repeatedly penetrated in the heart by his golden spear and overcome by the warmth of its fiery tip.  Okay, maybe Castiel knew why they would laugh, but regardless it was still considered Bernini’s masterpiece and he was still considered one of the best Baroque sculptors, so it earned a lecture in unto itself.
“First time, actually.  Not for lack of trying,” Castiel mused with a chuckle.  Balthazar never shut up about this place since it opened at the beginning of the year.  He could see the appeal now that he was here; it was nice, if not a little too much everything.  “It’s awfully… clean,” he added, for lack of a better word.
“Do you insist on seducing all of your professors, Mr. Winchester?” he countered.
They stood and collected their coats, but still no sign of Dean.  It was unfortunate because Castiel wanted to give Dean a genuine, well-deserved apology, not one bore under false pretenses and anger, but it would have to wait.  There was always tomorrow, he decided.
“I never said I wouldn't do it, I just don't want to do it
“I’m not a doctor,” Castiel assured.
The cold air danced like smoke in front of the beaming headlights as they sat idle.  The low crooning of ‘Earth Angel’ serenaded them as they sat uncomfortably on their respective sides of the car.  Dean swallowed thick, jaw clenching with nerves, fingers clenching around the steering wheel, and he scanned the treeline instead of looking at Castiel.
They hardly ever fought either, save for on what to watch on TV together or what to make for dinner, or those pesky times where Dean forgot to clean up his pubes or put the toilet seat down, but Dean hadn’t done that in weeks— not since the last time when Cas fell in trying to take a quick piss and Dean thought he’d never hear the end of it.  So that’s why, when Dean comes through the door to their apartment later that night with a steaming bag of food from Cas’ favorite Thai restaurant down the street, he thinks it might be enough to ebb whatever current frustrations caused Cas to send that godforsaken text in the first place.
Dean’s confused beyond belief as to what just happened, but he knows this is the real Cas now.  Namely because this Cas is embarrassed as all hell, has all his layers on, and didn’t forget his shoes in the matrix.  Maybe Cas has no idea, what’s going on.  Hazarding a glance towards his friend, he follows Cas’ line of vision to the blue tie and the white button-up strewn at the foot of the bed that are identical to the ones the actual, dreamwalking Cas is sporting.  Cas rubs the back of his neck and looks away.
Castiel couldn’t have asked for anything more in that moment, but Dean needed to be taken care of too, so he clumsily maneuvered himself lower in the bed and reached for Dean’s neglected cock.   The head was flushed a slick red and it twitched for him when Castiel wet his lips at the sight.  Without preamble, Castiel lowered his head to take Dean into his mouth and Dean let out an unexpecting gasp, fingers finding their way to tangle into Castiel’s already unruly locks of hair.  Dean’s eyebrows bunched in the middle and his spit shined lips parted as he watched Castiel bob and suck him into his mouth, inch by inch, until he hit the back of his throat.
Reaching for the closest object, a shoe, Dean chucked it at the door to chase him away.  He turned back to Castiel looking wholly embarrassed.  “Sorry… about him,” he said, inclining his head towards the door, “He’s just an asshole.”
“Aaron,” she repeated, as if by saying the name again it would clear everything up.  She let out an exasperated sigh at Dean’s blank face.  “From Art History.”
They eat in relative silence, mostly due to the fact they’re inhaling their sorry excuse for food.  Good or not, it’s the only option they got.  Dean sets his spoon down with a clink and picks up his beer to wash his mouth clean of the taste.  Cas obviously isn’t eating.  Not that Dean hadn’t offered, of course, but he couldn’t blame the guy for not wanting to attempt this.  Dean can’t count the amount of times Bobby used to force it on him and Sam when they’d stay at his house.
Dean breezily waved his concern off and rounded the fender, opening the car for him like they were sweethearts going on their first date and Castiel mentally scolded himself for the ludicrous notion before he sank into the passenger seat.  Dean rounded back and opened the door, smoothly sliding into the driver’s seat as he turned the key in the ignition with that all too familiar rumble.
And then Dean was rounding on him again, face so close Castiel could feel the heat radiating off him.  “I’m sorry, you never asked me to?  You never asked me to!?
“Go away, Cas.”
Feelings weren’t allowed here.  Feelings made everything messier.  This was about fucking.  Those were Dean’s own words and despite how desperately he felt for this man, he wasn’t about to let Dean mess whatever this was up.  He needed this too much.  Needed him.  The thought alone scared him to death.
It was also Friday.  An Art History course.  An easy credit.
Contemplating, Castiel’s gaze traveled from Dean’s terrified eyes to settle on his parted lips. They were already sitting too close, shoulders already brushing, and their faces were less than a foot away, when he murmured back a simple, “Depends.”
Mind clouding with vague arousal and mild irritation, Castiel muttered, “Yes, well, it’s not my fault your boyfriend is illiterate.  And you could fix that by getting out of my chair.”
Aaron was barely flipping through the pages while they half-heartedly attempted to discuss a few of the sculptures from the Sistine Chapel they'd reviewed in class earlier.  Dean hadn't missed the spark of indignation that flashed behind Castiel’s eyes when he'd seen the two of them together; it fanned Dean’s own flames.  That look was spurning him on even now.
?  I had no idea.”
“You and me both.”
“Sounds ‘bout right.”  Bobby hung his ball cap on the hook as he did every time he was invited over, and then Dean led him further into the living room to take a seat while they waited for dinner.
“I hate to disappoint you, but I do my coursework, Dean.  I don’t lead some secretly interesting alternate life.”
He stood and crossed the room, trailing the tips of his fingers along the dusty spines of old bound books and the occasional bizarre sculpture.  They were art books.  Textbooks.   Books for pleasure.  On movements and periods and composition and artists of note.  Michelangelo comprised his own small shelf.  A section for Vonnegut.  The corner of Dean’s mouth ticked up, remembering Castiel’s soft spots, until he stubbed his toe on the corner of a hulking metal flat file.
Castiel blinked his attention away and mumbled a small, “thank you,” before more firmly grabbing hold of the proffered beer.
“Yo, I think Novak’s dead!”
“Mmh, I think I have just the thing.  Wait here.”
“Waking up to an old man on top of me isn't quite as lurid as you make it sound.”  Castiel smirked at the sour pout on his friend’s face.  “Okay, not old.  Well-preserved.”  It was Balthazar’s turn to roll his eyes.
"I really enjoyed your lecture today," started Dean, thumbing the strap of his bag over his shoulder.
Avoiding his own naked reflection looking back at him from the floor-length mirror, Dean knelt at his feet as Cas’ hovered over him like a dark, daunting shadow.
Even his stuttering was grating against his migraine.
He sighed.  “I’m fine, Sammy.  Just had a long week.”  It wasn’t really a lie either, but it was more like a long life.
“Like you actually care,” he scoffed.  “I know what this is about, so do us both the favor and spare me.”
“That depends,” she teased, “I was hoping you’d changed your mind about coming over tonight.  I could really use the company.”
They'd been stuck on the train for almost twenty minutes already.  There was a hold up further down the line, or so the voice over the intercom said.  To make matters worse, they were apparently old enough to be offered seats by a small group of teenagers while they waited.  Because that made Castiel feel so much better about all of this.  Two old men sitting on a train, wearing low v-necks, supposedly high on completely different substances, and on their way to drink all of the above away.  Castiel found the whole scenario rather pathetic.
“Night, Jerk.”
“I made coffee,” he announces as he enters the room in the hopes his words would carry Dean into consciousness like they usually did.
Propping his elbows on his knees, Castiel buried his face in his hands, eyes pinching, and forced himself to breathe in even measured breaths.  His fingers found their way to tangle in his pillow ruffled hair and he tugged.  Hard.  A pained, exasperated groan escaping between his locked teeth.
Maybe someone really was looking out for him, he wondered.
Right now, Dean was in the basement touching up the makeup on his face in front of the mirror.  Smudged from working up a sweat on stage for a couple hours.  For a while, Dean contemplated changing out of his mesh crop top now damp with perspiration, but ultimately decided ‘fuck it’ and left it on.  Trying to pick a new outfit was more trouble than it was worth, especially when he was just going to be taking it off anyway.
“Nothing,” he lied and she accepted it for what it was.  She always accepted his lies for what they were.
Catching himself fixating on the sliver of skin peeking through the torn fabric of Dean’s jeans, Castiel averted his eyes.  He settled them instead on the blurred images breezing past the window.   Except the old woman with the shakily-applied lipstick seated across from him thought he was making eyes and started making them back.  Color rushed to his cheeks.  Awkwardly scratching the hairs at the back of his neck, Castiel decided the safest option would have been to close his eyes altogether .
Dean tossed her a weak smile.  “Me too.”
“I realize that now.  I should have.  But I assure you, Dean, I’m not judging you for the panties. I actually, um,” he paused, trying to find the right word, “I actually think it’s hot.”
“This family don’t need you, Dean,” he said easily, like it took nothing out of him to eviscerate his own son.  “Me and Sammy are doin’ just fine without you.  Better than fine.  So why don’t you keep your dirty money to yourself and leave us alone, y’hear me?”
.  I literally got in bed with you!  I’ve only been dropping hints six different ways from Sunday that I’m into you, Cas, and the only reason I said yes to Lisa in the first place was so I wouldn’t make a complete ass out of myself trying to get your attention because I didn’t want to mess up the good thing we had goin’ on, but I guess not even that worked because apparently I still acted like a goddamn idiot.
Castiel laughed outright at that. “Well, it's not like your dad’s ever liked me anyway.”
“...Complimentary… as in free.”
“Fuck,” he said once more, lifting the back of his leather jacket in an attempt to shield himself from the slowly accumulating current of October rain.
“Fine,” he concedes, crossing the kitchen and sitting himself down with Sam and Jack at the table.  He specifically notes that Cas doesn’t, but that’s probably because the only open seat left is next to Dean.  Maybe that's for the best.
Castiel angled his chin in provocation, daring to rub his open palm against Dean’s bulge.  He didn’t even need to think about what he’d do.  “I’d tell you to prove it,” he dared.  The thrill that coursed through him at the contact made him only that much harder and Dean’s cock twitched under his hand.
And Balthazar did stop.  Just once.
The stairs groaned and when they came to the third floor, Dean hesitated as they stood before apartment 3B.
“That’s alright, this smells better,” says Jack with that same dumb grin he always does.
The bruises were self-explanatory now.  “Sounds about right.  Said the same shit to me tonight.”
“What about him?”
Dean peered over at the earnest expression visible on his face by growing moonlight and considered it, teeth worrying his lower lip. He could feel Castiel watching his profile intently when he looked back ahead. “I mean, we’d probably get in trouble,” he reasoned.
“Dude?”  Castiel grinned against his throat and sat back on his heels, reaching across to the nightstand.  Dean whined from the distance between them, the loss of his fingers.  “Relax,” he chuckled, “I’m just getting a condom.”
“Dean,” he babbled on a breathless loop into the vacant cabin of the car.  “I love you.”
“Jealous!  You?  No way.”
“This weekend is Valentine’s Day,” he said gravely, clasping his hands together in his lap.
“It’s not crap,” he grumbles, voice rough and graveled, “You’re just uncultured.”
A low groan threatens to rolls out of his throat, but Dean reigns it in.  That son of a bitch knows full well he hardly slept for more than ten minute intervals if the alarm clock at the Pink Flamingo is to be believed.  Which, you never really know with these places.
“And the rest of the problem?”
“You can’t--”  He stopped himself.  Balthazar could.  He had every right to.  “You don’t mean that,” Castiel said instead.  His voice sounded weak now in comparison.
“Yes,” Castiel breathed, “At the risk of making myself seem mentally unhinged, I think I’ve lost count of how many times I’ve thought about you.  You can be very distracting, Dean.”
And then for some reason unknown to man, he started to undo his fly.
Ten minutes in, Castiel got anxious.
Marking his spot with his finger, Castiel regarded Dean with only slightly more of his undivided attention.  The scowl slipped and he swallowed hard as his eyes drifted and lingered on Dean’s bare torso still flushed and glistening from his workout, but he quickly diverted his attention to literally anywhere else as Dean gathered up his toiletries for the showers and turned back to face him.
Sam doesn't pause his concentration.  It reminds Cas of Dean.  “Jack and I are going back,” Sam says, offhandedly, in a way that sounds casual, but leaves no room for argument.
“Need you… Fuck!” he gasped when Castiel pressed into his prostate with the pads of his fingers.  “Need your fuckin’ dick inside me like yesterday, dude.”
The face Benny gave him confirmed just how stupid the question really was.  “Dean, you do realize we work at a gay club, right?  Why on God’s green earth would I give a shit about that?”
Overwhelming cheers consumed the crowd when the opposing team lofted the ball through the field goal post.  Truth was Olathe South sucked.  Castiel might not be well-versed in the topic of high school tackle sports, but he’d seen enough of this stupid one in particular to know the other team was crap.  And yet they cheered anyway.  And loudly.  High school football was way too important to this town.  The crowds were so loud he almost missed the faint ringtone trilling in the pocket of his jeans.
Abruptly, Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist in an awkward hug.  “I missed you,” he mumbled into Dean’s stomach.
Dean simply nodded again even though it wasn’t a question. Gently, Castiel grasped Dean’s hand again and threaded their fingers together tighter.  His palms were warm and dry in stark contrast to the clammy way Dean’s felt right about now.
“Ash?”  Dean chuckled.  “Nah, he just looks like that.”  He muttered something about “freakin’ mullets” that Castiel couldn’t really hear.
He knew Mick was hitting on him, and he knew he probably wasn’t interested, but what could a beer hurt anyway?  “Sure, why not?  A beer sounds good,” he said before tilting his head back to catch the rest of his drink.  Planting the glass on the bar, he gave Mick a small smile in return.
Dean pressed a quieting finger to Aaron’s lips.  Leaning over him,  Dean whispered a soft “I know” hot in his ear, it felt like the words were melting out of his mouth, before surging forward and locking their lips together.  It was rough and brash, but Dean needed it to be.  Dean didn’t usually do this either.  Not without getting paid anyway.  He wanted to make it hurt just like everything else.
Feeling newly confident in himself, Cas set about getting his ingredients together.  It was quite a lengthy list and he couldn’t really fathom how tasting that many complex flavors at once could possibly yield to an enjoyable experience, but Dean had stuffed his face with more things in one sitting than this, so Cas felt rest-assured that Dean wouldn’t find the meal too off-putting.
“Were you not the one that wanted to take me out to ‘get fucked’?”  Finger quotes and mocking accent required.
The lecture carried on in a similar vein, only stopping briefly to answer a rare question about the Baroque style,  until the clock hands signaled it was time for him to give it a rest.  With that, Castiel bid his students adieu, reminding them again of their reading and an upcoming paper, before packing away his belongings and heading back to his corner office in the dank basement.
“Because that’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard in my life,” she says, wiping tears from her eyes. “You literally spend all of your time hanging out with queer people. You live with a trans guy. You’re asking your friend, a lesbian, for advice right now.”
Breathlessly, Dean ribbed, “This a bad time to ask for an extension?”
“Actually, yeah,” he huffed, “Got, um, got a date.  I mean, if that's okay?”
“You’re always studying,” Dean helpfully pointed out. “Maybe you should study less and get out more.  Sow some oats.  Bang some chicks.  Or dudes, I don’t judge,” he added at Castiel’s inevitable eye roll.  “Listen, Mother Teresa, all I’m saying is, you’re only young once or whatever, might as well live a little.”
Bringing his hands to his face, Dean pulled on his cheeks and groaned out a laugh.  “Y’know, I'm beginning to think you'd look awesome in green, dude.  You always this jealous or am I just special?”
“Just calculating how many years in prison I’ll get for murdering John Winchester with my bare hands.”
Pulling the blankets back, Dean climbs out of bed and frowns.  There’s no smell of coffee to wake him, no coffee delivered to him in bed.  He grabs his robe hung up by the door and shrugs it on as he walks to the kitchen to put a pot on himself, though, when he rounds the corner he finds the image of Cas bent over, inspecting the contents of the refrigerator with a perturbed face, and he can’t help the relieved smile that tugs on his lips upon entering.
Dean didn’t even have to think about it when he opened his mouth, breath hitching, as he lifted his head to give a weak reply.  “I want you to fuck me,” he all but gasped.
With a burdened sigh, Cas rubs his hands over his face, but he shakes it out. It’s not about him now, him he could deal with later. Now it’s about Dean because if they didn’t deal with Dean now there might not be a later.
“Thank you.  Again, I mean,” stuttered Sam awkwardly.
,” he demanded through gritted teeth.
“Not as low as my standards,” his friend quipped, “Besides, you must be new, I've been riding this wave all week.  How do you think I've dealt with going back to work?”  Balthazar was returning for the fall semester after having taken a sabbatical somewhere in the south of France.
He wasn’t 100% on that, but he knew for a fact in the time he’d been sitting on this couch, she hadn’t moved from her spot in the kitchen, flirting with Michael of all people.  Talk about slumming.
“I thoroughly enjoy your freckles,” he murmured as he cleaned his shoulders, and Dean could feel himself blushing.  Thankfully, Castiel couldn’t see it.  Carefully, he cleansed between Dean’s ass cheeks, gingerly brushing suds over his oversensitive hole as Dean tried not to wince.  “This whole side, really.”  And then he wrapped his hands around him to wash over Dean’s stomach. “This side is good too,” he added playfully, placing another lingering kiss to the side of Dean’s neck.  “You’re a work of art, Dean.”
“We’re going to Gallagher’s,” Crowley said, “Bastard’s having a party or whatever.”
“Come on up.”
“Apologies, lost track of the time,” Crowley replied, eyes meeting in the rearview.  The bastard didn’t seem sorry in the slightest.  “You can blame your girlfriend for that.  She’s the one that needed to go back.  Practically forced me to make a pitstop.  But then, maybe she’s willing to share?”
Cas is just about to work his mouth over Dean’s taint when he hears “Dean!” a third time; now he knows it isn’t coming from the Cas in his lap.  If this thing can even be considered Cas.  What’s left staring back at him is deformed and covered in black markings and the ugliest mother Dean’s ever seen in his life.  And he’s honestly never even seen whatever the fuck this is before now that he thinks of it.  As soon as the thought registers, his bedroom door is being blasted through with angelic force.  The creature sits stock straight in his lap preparing itself for a fight, but within seconds Cas is leveling the double barrel at the creature’s head, blasting bits of brain and ooze onto the concrete behind it.
Mary finally turned to look back at them and when she spotted her husband, she gasped.  “John, you’re filthy!  Go on upstairs and change before we eat.”
Castiel pathetically sobbed when the pad of his thumb skimmed over that one spot again.  “Why won’t you just leave?”  He forced himself to growl.  Forced himself to fight through the pleasure that was all too abruptly morphing into pain.
64 Water Street, Apt 3B
“And I told you, I’m not a baby,” he continued.  “I can handle it, Dean.  You taught me that.  And as far as getting here goes... it was easy.  I just followed the maps to Saint Michael’s.  This looked like a ‘you’ kinda place.”
Everything was where it was supposed to be.  Everything except Dean.
“Every time, I was there,” he asserted low.  “Every time you’ve thought about getting his duplicitous cock up your ass.  Every time you looked.  Every time you so much as breathed in his general direction, I was there!”  His teeth clenched as he fought against the metal around his wrists.  Like he was willing to flay the meat from the bone to free himself.  “
“Is that your roommate again?” the guy on the bed asks like he’s stumbled in late to the party.  “I want to meet him!”
Dean supposed maybe he really was.
“What do you say?  What’s a little ménage à trois action between friends? I brought poppers,” he adds with a suggestive eyebrow waggle.
“Yes, well, I panicked.  As it turns out, I guess I’m not very good at following orders.”  Michelangelo jumped up on Castiel’s lap and butted his chest for attention, so he absently scratched the scruff behind his ears, mulling this whole thing over.  “I’ve made everything worse, haven’t I?”
Of course.  Here he came in and tried to play the sympathy card offered from empty hands.  The knight in shining armor for doing the bare fucking minimum.  The pathetic part was, Dean wanted to let him.
The room swims lazily in and out of focus as he detects the silhouette of a man through the firelight.  On instinct, Dean fumbles for the shearing dagger he keeps in his trousers in some semblance of protection, but it’s nowhere to be found.
If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say Chuck were on something, but he did know better, and he knew that Ellen would never allow that.  Maybe he might have had some trouble in the past that made him fidget so much.  Who was Dean to judge anyway?  So, he chose to ignore it.
Castiel bit back a moan at the feeling of Dean thrusting against his hand, hot and wanting, and he slid the hem of Dean’s slacks under his ass, letting his flushed erection bob free against his stomach like an offering.  With obvious desire, Castiel positioned himself over Dean’s hips and dipped his head to place open mouthed kisses down Dean’s stomach and over his hip bones as he squirmed underneath him, impatience only growing.  But Dean was spread out for him and the part of Castiel that was saying this was wrong was long gone now.  Without further preamble, he licked a long, wet stripe up the underside of Dean’s cock, all the way from the balls to the tip, letting his tongue flit under the head.  He could taste the precum beading at the tip.  A bitter, salty flavor that Castiel couldn’t seem to get enough of if he tried.
“Yeah, I did,” she said with a broad smile, “You were amazing out there tonight.”
A bitter rage swells against the back of Dean’s ribs as his face twists to match.   “You should’ve left me then!” he blusters.  “I’d rather be dead than be whatever damnable thing you’ve made me!”
“If anything changes back here, well, I'll let you both know.”  Stepping back from the car, Cas waves as the pair drive off and he's left at the bunker alone… with Dean.
Castiel wasn’t immune to jealousy, but usually when it reared its ugly head, he knew why it was charging after him in the first place.  Now he was just left tumbling through the dark with this beast sitting on his chest.  Dean gave Castiel a quick glance, just because he noticed he was still standing at the front of the room watching, before the corner of his mouth curled at something else Aaron said.
Languorously, Dean stroked his length from root to tip and within the minute Castiel was at full attention.  Castiel gave himself over to the gentle affection with an anticipatory groan as he rolled his hips into Dean’s touch.  Passing his thumb over the tip, Dean collected his precum and spread it slick with his palm, but he didn’t speed up his movements.  He went slow, almost torturously so, but it was all Castiel’s sleep addled brain could take.
“Where do you think you’re goin’?”  The man grabbed for Dean’s wrist and pulled him back into his space.  It hurt.  The skin under his hold burned when Dean tugged at his arm, but he just tightened his grip further.
“That’s for this,” Michael said, gesturing to his nose.  “And this is for being a poor, pathetic piece of shit.”
“Well, then you have a problem with something else, but whatever you have a problem with it’s your own. I’ve had to hide parts of who I am for too long, Dean.  I’m not going to hide anymore.  I shouldn’t have to, especially not around you, and I’m not going to feel responsible for your feelings on this, so you either need to ‘stow your crap’ or, or—”
Castiel cut him off with a searing kiss to show him he knew, to show him he felt it too.  Possessively curling a hand around Dean’s exposed throat, he effectively stopped the words from leaving his tongue.  “Touch yourself for me,” he growled instead.
“What, Dean?” he prompts tersely, snapping Dean’s attention back up to his face, “What is it now?”
Coming up to stand over her, he grabbed her by the shoulders, shaking.  “NANCY.”  He practically shouted it at her, loud and even, but she didn’t react.  Reaching his hand up to her face, he tapped her cheek, lightly at first, but progressively harder, and when that did nothing, he hovered his palm over her parted lips just to make sure she wasn’t actually dead.
“I hate that game,” dismisses Sam.
Once fully slicked himself, he wiped the remainder along the crack of Dean’s awaiting ass and smirked when Dean whimpered even at this.  He was always incredibly responsive, but tonight he seemed especially so.
Dean snorted and sent her a simple ‘have fun’ accompanied by a poop emoji.  Would he have rathered to be drunk with his friend?  Sure.  But drinking didn't pay the bills.  His good-for-nothing father taught him that much.
“Fell asleep,” he groaned, scrubbing at his eyes, “What d’you want?”
Luckily for Dean, they must have run down to the convenient store, because the wafting scent of coffee brewing is the only thing willing him to get out of his damn bed.  With bare feet slapping against the cold floor, Dean wraps the tie of his robe around his waist and cinches it, stepping into his slippers at the door, before he turns to walk like the dead towards the fresh promise of caffeine.
“Oh, she’s dead alright,” the man said, with an exaggerated eyebrow raise.
Dean corralled him back towards the chair and Castiel sat with the false air that someone was twisting his arm.  The charade made Dean grin to himself in sly satisfaction as he sunk to his knees and crawled under the desk, so really, what more could Castiel ask for in the moment?  Adjusting himself on the floor, Dean sank back on his heels and waited while Castiel located Dean’s paper in the folder.  He took it out and grabbed a pen, inching hiships lower and positioning himself away from the desk to better appreciate the view.
“Oh, yeah.  Right,” he said, as if he’d forgotten, “About that.”  Dean hummed and fiddled with his stiffly starched and pressed suit again.  “I’ve been, um...”
He changed out of his school clothes into something more comfortable and by the incentive of his grumbling stomach alone, decided to join his Dad and Sam downstairs for pizza. But he couldn’t ignore the coincidence the latter always brought with it.  Padding his way down the hall, Dean stopped just outside his parent’s bedroom door, raising a singular knuckle to the painted wood, and deliberated whether or not he should knock.  She was probably sleeping, he figured.  No sense bothering her.  But then he heard the muted sounds of retching and he couldn’t bring himself to walk away either.  He stood frozen, hovering in the hallway like a ghost.
“Cas, I was wrong,” Dean murmured into his hair, as if reading his mind.  “I owe you an apology.”
“Maybe what, Dean?” Sam egged, but Dean couldn’t bring himself to admit it out loud.  It sounded too pathetic in words.
“Thanks, buddy,” he says with a curt smile, before taking his clothes into the bathroom with him.  Cas returns to the chair in the corner feeling a few degrees warmer.  He loosens his tie and undoes the top three buttons to his dress shirt as he sinks back against the chair cushions.
Patting down Castiel’s drenched pockets, Dean came up with a soggy wallet, a dead phone, and a prescription pill bottle that rattled in his shaking hands.  It was too dark to read the bottle, but he recognized the name ‘Nancy Novak’ on it with little to no problem.  He grabbed for the phone first and tried to turn it on to no avail.  It wasn’t a reach that his own phone was probably no better off.  Digging through the billfolds in the wallet, Dean hoped to find a phone number he could call, anything really, anyone better than the scum he came here with, but all he actually found was twenty bucks, an expired condom, and loose change.
“That’s wonderful.”  Forcing himself to give a reassuring smile, Castiel wiped the corners of his mouth and laid his silverware down.  “If you’ll excuse me, I just need to use the restroom.”
“We don’t even know what ‘it’ is!”  Crowley turned the finger warningly on Meg and threatened, “If anything happens to him, this is completely on you.  Now let’s just get this the fuck over with.”
Dean seemed to consider it for a moment ever so briefly with a flick of his knife.  “You know, I could.”  It came out like a casual thought.  Just something he might have considered.  To let Castiel know he was capable of such a feat and all it would take is a little force behind his hand, but he didn’t press it in.  “That would be silly, afterall.”
He started up the shower then and let the water warm up between his fingers as he waited for it to reach scalding.  Stepping under the spray, he lathered up the soap and slipped his eyes shut as he washed away the sweat and the grime. He was hardly under for more than a few minutes before the solid weight of Cas’ naked body was crowding up against him.
It could have been worse, Castiel thought to himself.  He could’ve seen the knife.
Dean huffed a laugh and shook his head before continuing to pick up.  “Only the dick ones.”  Once it dawned on him there were no more clothes left to tidy, he set his hands on his hips and stared at Castiel as he shrugged into his blue dress shirt.  “So why me, then?”
Dean scratches his neck, and decides it's a great time to put the food away. “I'm just gonna…”
“This your idea of pillow talk?  Cuz I gotta say, it’s really lacking.”  Dean rolled his eyes and snorted when Castiel’s expression didn’t change.  “It’s just a bruise,” he said far too casually.
“I wasn’t,” he sputters to Dean, contemplating his spoon again.  It clinks down as he releases it with a worn out sigh.  “No, you know what, I want to figure this crap out, Dean.  I can’t just sit around without knowing any of the details.  Nothing about this makes sense!  That doesn’t worry you?”
“Don’t you lie to me, boy!”
“Remember wanting this,” he said, pressing himself in closer.  “Remember wantin’ you.”  Dean sucked in a harsh breath before dipping back in to capture Castiel’s wet lower lip between his teeth.  “Wanted you so much.  Still do.  Need you, Cas.”
Once Dean’s jeans are tugged up over his ass, Cas spares him another look.  “Are you ready to talk now, Dean?”  He's decidedly more annoyed and less nervous than a few hours ago.  Dean suspects his blatantly feigned attempt at sleep might have something to do with that.
“Truthfully, I think I'm too old to be doing any of this,” admitted Castiel, as he gave himself a final once over and straightened out a few errant hairs.
Dean glared at him from across the booth.  “You can stop talking now, Sammy.  Like, forever.  Besides, I already told you, Yasmine’s better.”
With a sigh, Dean returned the phone to the front pocket, zipping it up emphatically.  He was probably the only college student that didn't look forward to having the place to himself, but it wasn't as if he could tell Benny not to see his girlfriend.  He was happy for him, he really was, but a sliver of loneliness still prodded him every time he was alone.  At the end of the day, he really just missed Sam.
“I think what we’re dealing with is some sort of djinn...” says Sam, pulling his phone out of his pocket.  He scrolls through his notes that he took while they spoke with the sheriff’s station.
Dean’s resounding silence said it all.
“He’s not wrong,” adds Cas, with a scowl.  Jack seems like he’s none the wiser.
“I dunno,” he said with a shrug, “Could be crap.”
Dean choked a little on his cheese.  Clearing his throat, he asked, “You’re Cassie?”
“Yes!”  Her hand flew to her mouth to stifle what Castiel presumed was an overexcited grin.  “We’re pregnant,” she corrected emphatically as she started tearing up.
The salty air rolling off the water caused the gauzy curtains to billow and burst in the breeze, but underneath the smell of the ocean were familiar things:  the clean scent of bar soap, the lingering aroma of drug store body spray, and the distinctive notes of broken-in leather.  None of which were possible.  Not here, anyway.
“Fuck, Cas—”
Cas rightfully rolls his eyes so hard his head rolls back on his neck.  “Spare me the overcompensation, Dean.  We do share a wall; I know you can’t even last five minutes when you’re drunk.”
Refraining an eyeroll, Castiel leaned in and captured Meg’s lips in a sad, sloppy distraction.  Just until he was sure he no longer had an audience, then he returned to his task.  The milk burst and flooded his lunch tray as his fingers finally tore into the paper.  Castiel heaved another heavy put-upon sigh, wiped the splatters from the front of his shirt with a napkin, and ate the soggy cookie from his tray in utter annoyance.
“Jesus Christ,” he muttered to himself, refraining an eyeroll.
Castiel laid into his throat with all his force.  “You were never my cross to bear!”  Taking the cross between his fingers, he pressed it against Dean’s chest and Dean shrieked.  “Cast him out, Dean!”
True to his word, Balthazar arrived outside Castiel’s apartment door in just under ten minutes.  Castiel groaned as he got to his feet to let him inside, but once Balthazar was assuredly heading up the stairs, he made his way back over to the couch, pathetically slumping into the cushions.  Balthazar came through the door carrying a bottle of high-end reserve wine.  How he had time to stop for that, Castiel will never know.
Dean’s entire expression soured in an instant.  “Wow.  What is that, like a joke or something?  Funny.  If I remember correctly, which I do, my lack of clothes hadn’t seemed to be much of an issue before.”
Dean could feel the words in the warm breath against his skin as much as he could hear them.  He didn’t answer, he just waited for the rest to follow.
“Do you really think it’s a good idea for us to split up? We don’t even know what we’re dealing with yet.”
“Hell yeah I am, just aced that paper.”
“And Jess put you up to this?”
The two men spoke a few moments more, Balthazar pointing to a name on the list, the bouncer nodding his head.  All systems go.  Balthazar leaned over Castiel’s shoulder to inform him he was going back upstairs to try to blow the bartender and to find him after his dance.  It occurred to Castiel that he was leaving, but it didn't bother him as much now, failed attempt or not.
“I-- I love you,” he stammered between thrusts.
He had.  He just picked the wrong one.
“This is all your fault, Castiel!” Dean repeated shrilly, inhumanly in the voice of his mother.
To his own surprise, Castiel found the corners of his lips lifting to match.  As Dean walked on ahead, Castiel stuck behind to grab a handful of sugar packets and the girl behind the counter smiled at him.
Unsticking his knees from the leather, Castiel shifted uncomfortably.  “So, that’s it then?  Run away with you like we’re Bonnie and Clyde or be framed for a heinous crime I would never commit?  Be damned no matter which way I choose?”
The blood red light soaked the walls and the abundantly plush carpet underfoot.  It still sunk under the weight of his boots as he crossed the floor.  As before, the only option for seating was the faux leather sofa placed against the far wall, but Castiel hesitated, seemingly adrift in the middle of the floor.  Should he sit?  It seemed a bit presumptuous.  Then again, standing squarely in the center of the carpet seemed a bit awkward at best.
Looking down at his apron and then towards the food he just set down, Dean returned his gaze back to Castiel’s.  “I thought it was pretty obvious…” he said, awkwardly scratching at the back of his neck.
Dean’s silence prompted him to speak up again.  “I just want to know, are you safe?”
Castiel knew he was supposed to object, he just wasn’t sure how when Dean touched him like that, and looked at him like that, and kissed his neck like that.  “You’re a siren.”
Dean fisted his heavy cock hanging between his legs as Castiel set a slow, steady pace.  When he began picking up speed, he dropped it in favor of bracing himself against the headboard.
“Tenure must be nice,” muttered Castiel, smoothing out the front of his shirt.  He couldn't afford to make mistakes, especially not the kind Balthazar made regularly.
Dean huffed a weary laugh at the redirection.  “Well, uh, maybe...  Unless you think some other guy would enjoy 5,000 words of nonsense written by a guy that’s probably got no business talkin’ about anything.  If not... then yeah, it’s for you.”
“You never answered the question,” she helpfully supplied after a few minutes, obviously not letting this topic go for whatever reason.
Back in the changing room, Dean hurriedly gathered his belongings and shoved most of them back into his duffle bag under the table.  He roughly tugged on his wrinkled t-shirt and ripped blue jeans and stepped into his boots, barely bothering to tie up the laces.  It took him all of three minutes and then he was headed out to Ash to cash out his tips for the night.  It almost felt like it happened on a completely different night, he thought, as he pocketed the wad of cash and made for the exit towards the alleyway.  He attempted to shield the top of his head with the collar of his denim jacket.
He didn’t look right.
After another second, he relented, scooting forward in his seat.  “Fine.”  It was his collective tardies and absences since the start of the new school year a few weeks ago.  He read it aloud to her in an overly-enthused, mocking tone of voice and rolled his eyes again.  “What about it?”
After a few pulls, he decided it would have to suffice.  In the time it took for him to finish the first, he ordered a second solely because he’d never been very good at self preservation.
Headphones snugly in place, Castiel selected the first thing his thumb landed on and hit play.  Some rock song heavy on guitar, good for drowning out the idle din of clacking keys and fluttering paper.  Castiel had been slumped over in this hard, plastic chair for the better part of twenty minutes, boredly flicking through a shitty playlist on his music player as he watched the clock ticking across the room.  He closed his eyes and rested his head against the brick wall behind him.
“Don’t tell him that, you fucking asshole!  You’re gonna freak him out!”
Sorry it took so long. I had to compose a list of all the plot threads I started in the first half of this story so that I could make a rough outline for the second half.  Had to organize my thoughts and what have you.  Thanks for staying with me.
“Thank you for your divine wisdom, Balthazar.  Whatever would I do without you?”  He balled up his napkin and tossed it on his plate, nudging it off to the side.  “I know I can't do anything, but I already signed the course form.  He's in the class.  I can't just remove him.  That would raise a few unnecessary red flags, wouldn't it?”
Castiel cleared his throat first.  “What- what are you doing here?”
Giving himself a once over, Dean felt satisfied with how he looked in the mirror.  He would probably get tipped well depending how many private dances he had in the books by the end of the night.  He just needed to remind himself to be present this time.  Anything less could mean having another run-in with a fist and the bruising on the side of his face had just started fading to a sickly yellow.  Faint enough to be covered by foundation, fortunately enough.  Dean wasn't angling to refresh any of those old wounds any time soon, especially because he considered himself lucky that Crowley hadn't blamed him much for the incident.
“Nice.”  Dean offered a wry twitch of his lips to the floor.  “So, what, is this like a routine thing for you or somethin’?”
“I wouldn’t dream of it.”
“I didn’t invent altitude, Dean!” His teeth were chattering just to accentuate his point.
Castiel simply snorted.  “This is good information to have.  I know now to avoid all mentions of Pamela Anderson in the future.  I’m sure it’ll be difficult topic to avoid, but if for the greater good...” he teased, and Dean rolled his eyes, but he found himself hiding a smile in his burger all the same.
“You’ve definitely had sex before,” Dean said, poking Castiel in the ass cheek.
Castiel wasn't sure what to expect, having had no basis for comparison.  He thought it was all a bit much, and were he not under the influence of at least two substances he might have expressed those sentiments.  As it were, all he was capable of doing in the moment was taking it all in.  He simultaneously felt his senses were sharpened and dulled.  The low roar of the rowdy patrons, the flashy lights, the smell of mixed alcohol.  Everything was too much, but with the distinct feeling that he was separated from it all through a thin veil of water.  The alcohol wasn't helping anything, but Balthazar insisted, and if Castiel hadn't known it was for an excuse to chat up the remarkably straight bartender, he would be lying to himself.
Groaning in his ear, Cas threaded his fingers through Dean’s short crop of hair and pressed his cheek into the tile, admiring the way his cock was filling his hole to bursting as rivulets of water ran over his back.  “You take me so good,” Cas rasped, lazily sucking marks into Dean’s shoulder.  “Always so good for me, Dean.”
“And what are your transgressions,” he forced out through clenched teeth, stomach churning.
Balthazar rolled his eyes.  “Yes.  Research.  You know, the arbitrary task they pay us to do in order to squander time between classes.  The kind of thing that would look good to the board in your desperate hopes of obtaining tenure--”
“Winchester, I gotta admit, I'm flattered,” he called over his shoulder, “but I'm really not interested.”
And Castiel was kissing him with purpose, and touching him like he might actually be worthy of the attention somehow.  Dean couldn’t figure that shit out, but he went with it anyway.
“What, you mean in the treehouse?”
“I’m sorry, I don’t think I heard you correctly,” Castiel said, anger rising.  “You ‘didn’t like him’?”  Balthazar simply stared like he wasn’t impressed by Castiel’s sudden bout of anger.  “I’m failing to see what your opinion’s got to do with any of this!”
The second Sam was inside the Roadhouse, Dean lowered himself down onto the nearest bench and visibly deflated.  The lights across the water danced and shimmered over the rippled surface while Dean wracked his brain for some bright idea to come his way.
And the night dragged out longer still.
The two of them spent the rest of the evening splitting an order of chicken lo mein and watching an old, black-and-white movie on the couch.  The 1944 film ‘Gaslight’, starring Ingrid Bergman as the unsuspecting housewife to her husband’s deceitful mind games.  Michelangelo placed himself directly in between the two them, much to Castiel’s relief.
One knuckle, three raps.
With that, he was left alone.
And as far as Cas goes?  Dean can’t quite wrap his sleep deprived brain around that one yet.
A few moments later, Dean pulls a handful of dry sleep clothes out of the bag and holds them up as if to justify the fact he came out wet and naked at all.  Turning his back to Cas, he goes for the bathroom again, but Cas stops him this time.  “Wait, Dean.”  Dean stops in his tracks just by the sound of the command coming out in Cas’ rich gravel voice.  “Come here,” he orders, and Dean can’t find it in him to disobey.  He turns and Cas rises from the chair.  They meet in the middle, but Cas’ eyes are roving over his skin the whole way.  He stops in front of Dean and in this one moment, Dean’s never felt more exposed in his life.  They’re only two feet apart, the air between them thick with steam and heat and unsaid words, when Cas absently raises his hand.  It hovers over Dean’s left pec before he catches himself, he looks up to Dean through his lashes, but it’s not done on purpose.  Cas is never sexy on purpose, Dean reminds himself as his throat clicks.  No, it’s because he’s focusing his attention on a bite mark above Dean’s nipple.  It didn’t break the skin, but it left a distinct bruise.
“We aren’t going to hurt you,” assures Cas.
He was promptly shushed by a stranger studying at the other end of their research table. Castiel blushed and mouthed an awkward apology, gluing his eyes promptly back to the pages of some boring volume on metastasis to avoid the weight of Charlie’s triumphant grin.
Aaron balked.  “Are you fucking kidding me?  What does that even mean!”
“Yeah,” Dean panted, breathless.  He nodded hastily, throat clicking.  “Whatever it is, just do it,” he stammered, thrusting his fully-fledged cock against Castiel’s palm.   “Please.”  Dean was practically pleading as his hands slid over Castiel’s sides, down his taut abdomen to grope at his clothed erection and undo his belt.  “Need you, Cas.”
The bruise painting the side of his face was now concealed better than it had been at the restaurant last night, but Castiel knew it was there all the same.  What he didn't know was why it affected him at all, but he could no longer deny that it did.  When those somber green eyes flitted back to lock on Castiel, he cleared his throat, remembering himself.  He reminded himself he was actually excited about the lecture he planned for today.
The waitress stopped by and took their order then.  Sam got a short stack and Dean ordered another coffee, black.  Their order came back to the table in no time.  The more he drank, the more his knee bounced uncontrollably under the table.  Sam shifted his overstuffed backpack in the booth beside him to withdraw the cash to pay and that was when it really sank in. Idle chit chat could only last for so long.
He turned, then he saw the note resting on the kitchen counter, illuminated by the window over the sink and covered with Benny’s illegible chicken scratch. Benny had gone to Andrea’s for the night.  He did that sometimes, but Dean hated when he did.  Mostly because he didn’t like being alone.  Not that he would admit that to anyone.  Just most of his life, he’d had Sammy.  They were practically joined at the hip.  Now he had nobody, except Benny and maybe Charlie.  They both had better places to be most nights.
She stood with her hands clasped together, clearly awaiting a response, but Castiel wasn't sure what to say.  He wasn't expecting her to be delivering a backhanded compliment in person, much less to himself.  Realizing he was just staring blankly at her, he cleared his throat and began, “Thank you, it's no trouble at all actually.  I rather enjoy being able to teach both.  They're not so different subjects, really, since both are focused on depictions of the human form.”
student,” he admitted, hoping Balthazar would catch any and all implications.  He just let out a tinkling laugh at Castiel’s expense.  “That sounds like the opposite of a problem.”  Apparently, Castiel was going to have to start at the beginning.
The guy at the bar snorted into his drink.  “So you’re the roommate.  You’re cute, I’ll give you that much.”
Voices, mostly— Harsh and staccatoed.  Calming like a slow-coursing river.
“I don’t think she’s home.”
“You don’t owe me an explanation, Dean.”
“He’s my friend,” Dean defended and at least there was that.
“It’s just Bobby,” he tried to argue.  They’d been good friends since high school.  But at the no-nonsense look on Mary’s face, he’d learned over the decades to back down pretty quick.  “Yes, ma’am,” he drawled, bringing the beer with him.
But when Dean pulled off, he didn’t say it back.
“You’re asking me what I think Dean would like?”
It was a reasonable argument.  The most reasonable one he had at his disposal at the moment, all else aside.
He wasn’t asking, he was affirming, and Dean claimed he trusted him before, so he had to trust him on this too.  Luckily, though, he didn't remark on it.
Dean had never showered with anyone else before.  He kind of thought it would be like it was in the movies or like in porn.  Just two people covered in soap and shit going at it, but it wasn’t like that.  It was nice, if not a little cramped.
.  And I know, just because you’re gay doesn’t mean you have to like me, but man I was beating myself up over it hoping you’d notice me back.  And then last night you have the nerve to ask me why I don’t like you?  After everything I’ve done to show you I do?  I like you, Cas!  Are you happy?  I more than like you!
“What?”
Castiel regarded Sam and the weathered door with caution.  The house was quiet, barely a sound save for the chickens clucking around the backyard.  One would think there’d at least be angry howling or signs of a struggle from down below.  There was nothing.  Castiel swallowed thick his idle fear and stepped towards the door.  He needed to be strong for Dean.  He couldn’t be afraid.
He looks like he’s doing some mental gymnastics, but nods all the same.  “Very well,” this guy says with a huff, “I know someone else who lives in this neighborhood anyway. At least the evening wasn’t a total wash.”  He pulls his clothes back on in a dawdling way and the tension rising between Dean and Cas is thick enough to cut, but he seems nonplussed by it. He takes the rest of the clothes in his arms and stops beside Cas in the doorway.  “Cassie, always a pleasure, darling,” he says, planting a kiss directly on Cas’ unawaiting lips, “I’ll see you in class tomorrow.” He starts to head for the exit before he stops and turns back to Dean.  “If you ever get that pesky heterosexual problem taken care of, do look me up,” he adds before he finally just leaves.
Gesturing to the first slide with his clicker, he spoke again, louder, “As you might have guessed by my screen-saver hiccup, and more importantly, the Michelangelo exhibit you should have all seen during our museum trip last week…” he wordlessly scolded whoever might not have gone with a quick finger wag, “This week’s lectures will be dedicated to Michelangelo Buonarroti, but today in particular, I want to discuss with you the effect David had on Renaissance sculpture.”
“And yet, in all of it, you never stopped to question why that was?  All that time?”  Their eyes met again, Balthazar’s quietly searching, but Castiel couldn’t hold the contact for long.  “God, what am I saying…  Of course you didn’t.  You think nothing of nobody, but yourself.  You’re so wrapped up in it you can’t even find your own way out.”
The second week was better.
“I was ready to die,” he stubbornly maintains, voice hoarse from the strain.  “Even if the consumption hadn’t come for me yet, it was only a matter of time.”
“‘Cause I love you, Cas,” he answered in Dean’s cadence, like it was clear as a blue sky on a spring day.  No other answer in the world more obvious.  A sickening marionette display.
A monster here, a hunt there.  It was routine and easier than Dean ever dreamed.  There was no Chuck pulling the strings; no apocalypses knocking at the door.  There was the taste of freedom for once in his life. Just he and Sam on the open road, ganking monsters and hustling pool, like the good old days before… before everything.  But it was bland.  It tasted different than he thought it would when there was still the promise of someday, but then that was taken from him too.
Hardly.
“Yep.  And what else?”
“The hell was what?”
“I think Wendy will be able to help,” Jack mumbles around his food, despite how many times Sam’s discouraged him from talking with his mouth full.  “She seemed helpful.  And nice.”
The sunlight was streaming in from a slit in the window coverings, falling across his cheekbone like a wound.  His breathing was wet and ragged.  Fell to his knees and surrounded by exsanguinating corpses; mostly monster, but an unforgivable number human.  That was how Dean had stumbled upon him.  It was a simple hunt.  A vampire nest east of Omaha.  For all intents and purposes, a simple milk run, but even Castiel had underestimated how deeply the claws of the mark had dug deeper into his essence.   The mark didn’t discriminate.  And blood... was blood.
An absurd question fell out of his mouth then.  “So, you don’t…  You don’t actually care that I fucked a dude, right?”  It was stupid to ask in retrospect, but shame was almost second nature to Dean.  He just needed to be sure.
They ate at a small restaurant on the waterfront a handful of city blocks away from campus.  A real hole-in-the-wall type place called the Roadhouse that made Balthazar feel mildly displaced, but he managed to fill most of the meal speculating the personal lives of one coworker or another.  Not even the food shut him up, but the cheeseburger was good enough that Castiel was content to listen to whatever gossip he wanted to spew.
“Will you be back?”
“As you all should be aware, today is our first exam,” he choked out, holding up the folder.  “I’d like you to clear your belongings off the tables and I really shouldn’t have to say it, but I will anyway: No cellphones.  If I see any of you looking at your phones, I will take your exam away without hesitation.  Understood?”
The only reason Dean had made Cas play this game with him in the past was because it was a surefire way for him to win. Okay, maybe there was another reason too. Namely, just for an excuse to make Cas say dirty words, but who could blame him? His voice is practically made for that and it's not like Cas connected the dots anyway. And yeah, maybe Dean had taught him all the dick-centric words for reasons, but had Dean known Cas was actually taking pointers and improving his game skills in the process, Dean never would have agreed to play this at all. Afterall, Sam was still half right in his assessment. Dean is an enormously sore loser.
“Yeah, you do,” Kevin chirps conspicuously from the corner.
“Dean.”  John slurred the word disdainfully into the phone and Dean could practically smell the whiskey dripping off his wet voice.  He sounded miles away like he’d woken up somewhere unexpected.  The way he always did.  “Well, the fuck you want?”
“God, this is just perfect,” interjected Dean.  “Y’know, the last time Lisa and I got together, I told her about this… this
Based on sound alone, it sounded like it was coming from Mrs. Birdell’s apartment above his, and he attempted to rationalize on his way up the stairs what an elderly woman could be doing with power tools at this ungodly hour.  On a Sunday, no less.  Maybe it was finally a plumber come to fix the slow leak in her pipes that was consequently causing his old water spot to grow.  That was actually the only rational explanation he could come up with for the noise, but knowing Mrs. Birdell, it was nowhere close to the ballpark.
Spreading Dean’s cheeks apart with his palms, Cas considered his hole for a long, quiet moment before searching the room. He got up from the floor without a word and for a moment, Dean’s heart rate picked up speed, thinking he’d ruined everything once again and Cas well and truly was going to leave him alone like this, but Cas was back in seconds, wordlessly brushing his knuckles lightly up the back of Dean’s freckled thigh. It tickled, but he didn’t dare laugh. Cas placed a wet, open-mouthed kiss to his sac, tongue trailing up his perineum, stopping a mere inch from his hole. Dean couldn’t help the petulant sound he snuffed into the pillow when the feeling stopped there.
He recited the ritual from the top.  A long string of words leaving his tongue, unbounded.
“Yes,” he conceded, “I’ve definitely met her.”
Contemplating, Cas’ lets his gaze linger as he traces Dean’s face and goes down, down, down until it boomerangs right back up.  “You’re not my type,” is all he says before he unceremoniously spits and leaves, leaving Dean alone with that thought.
One text from Sam about nothing in particular.  He was eating salad apparently, which ew gross, but Dean was just glad he was eating at all.  It meant his work here wasn't for nothing.  He could put a little more effort in if it meant Sam could afford to get groceries.
He pulled Dean’s wrists and pierced him with his fingernails.  The grip eased just enough.  Gaining force, Castiel shifted his knee into the back of Dean’s scrotum and he grunted in pain, losing balance.  “I am not ashamed of how I feel,” he growled, rolling on top of Dean, holding his chest down with his knees, forearm pressing into his windpipe.  “I am not ashamed of who I am!”
She emphasized the word as though it weren’t within the realm of possibility that Castiel had anything better to do with his time than lounge around on their second-hand sofa and fuck himself up.  He didn’t, but it was the principle of the thing.  And on any other day, hell maybe even last week, he would’ve done it too.  Stuck himself with something or sniffed dust or smoked whatever was burning, but today was Monday.  It was a new week, and call him crazy, but he just really wasn’t looking to spend quality time with the two people that supposedly left him for dead. That same sense of dread was still lingering in the center of his chest.
“No, it’s not, but a man can still dream.”
Once inside, Sam and Cas search the old production floor that is still filled with box after box of old game boards and game pieces. All of the equipment is in disrepair and they take great care to avoid knocking anything over while they search in and around the conveyer belts and heavy machinery.
Benny shrugged, but his eyes were still alight with amusement at Dean’s expense.  “Guess I just like catchin’ you with your pants down,” he said with an overzealous wink.  “In my defense, you did just use my bed.”
He sniffed back tears, searching for the right words.  “You know, my whole life I always felt like I was running from something; from the monsters, the bad shit, the next apocalypse, even from myself, but I never- I never stopped long enough to realize I was running from you too because— cuz it was easier than facing you.”
“What?  Of course I don’t have a problem with you!”
They'd been down this road more than once.  Late night ‘booty calls’, drunkenly commiserating over one thing or another.  It never worked.  Castiel made an attempt once, but inevitably it fell to shit and when he told Balthazar it wouldn’t work out, it just so happened he was taking his sabbatical abroad.  They just weren't the kind of people that were supposed to be with each other; their personalities were too different.  That being abundantly clear again as Balthazar attempted to yank the blankets off of Castiel’s half naked body.  He got halfway till Castiel pulled it back harder.
Staring blankly at the filthy brick wall smeared with his blood, Dean blinked back the unshed tears collecting at the corners of his red eyes.  His fists clenched and popped, ready to make contact again with whatever was in range, but he forced himself down, composing himself into the carefully curated thing he presented to the world.  He collected his thankfully unbattered phone, willed his breathing back to normal, wet his dry mouth, and by the time he opened the rear door, he was passable for human.
Dean’s green eyes grew soft and lingered, falling to Castiel’s lips for an instant so brief, he questioned whether it happened at all.  “Yeah, well, hey, uh, Lisa’s got a roast on,” he jerked his thumb over his shoulder towards the house, “Should probably get back inside.  Cold out here.”  He shivered just to make his point.
“Name the last time!”  Dean raised his eyebrow in silent challenge, and Castiel was sputtering at a loss for a better argument.  “Tomayto, tomahto,” Dean said, waving him off.  “C’mon, man.  Humor me a little.”
“Cas--”
Benny glanced around at the emptying yard and shrugged.  “Looks like that someone is you, brother.”
Two seconds.
“Course not, but he doesn’t have to.  Who else is gonna pull in all the old perverts?  They’re the ones forking over the big bucks.  Besides, I’m the only one he’s got limber enough to shave behind their own friggin’ balls and what Crowley doesn’t know won’t hurt him.  If he hasn’t found out yet, he’s not going to, unless somebody tells him.  I doubt Ash would.  Nobody else was even payin’ attention.  That leaves you.  So, are you gonna tell him?”
“Yeah, good to see you too, buddy.”
“But…”
“Professor Novak,” Dean returned, paper clutched in his hands with a self-satisfied grin tugging his lips.  When his smile wasn’t met with one in return, it slipped.  “You seem like you’re a little on edge this week.  Somethin’ wrong?”
Charlie laughed and pushed him in the shoulder.  If only she knew he was being serious.  She scraped the bottom of her cup with a sigh, whether it was because she was out of frozen yogurt or because the paper was still looming over their heads, Dean wasn't sure.
When Castiel answered only in pitiful noises, he snaked a wide, warm palm up the inseam of Castiel’s thigh and asked, “...You still love me don’tcha, Cas?”
Damien swung his legs around to face his back to Castiel, still seated in his lap, mimicking the obscene movements of riding his cock.  The muscles in his thighs tensed as he lifted and dropped repeatedly, somehow figuring out Castiel’s newfound obsession with that side of him.  His shoulders moved like waves, light freckles and glitter dancing playfully across his sweaty skin.  He noticed the distinct smell of ripe strawberries.  But Castiel was at war with his senses.  He wanted to touch and taste and smell.  He wanted to hear what kind of sounds this divine creature could make, what sounds he could elicit from him specifically.  But all he was allowed to do was look and he didn't even have complete control over himself.  When Damien reached back to slip his own finger under the lace band, Castiel didn't try to hide the moan forming in his throat.  His hands unclenched and tried to find their way to replace the others, but he managed to stop himself short.  The moan turned into a cry of frustration.  Another chuckle.
, Castiel thought, instinctually recalling the image of Dean with his hand down his pants. The thought did nothing to stop him from blushing in front of him now.  Cautiously, he reached out to take it and Dean turned his back on him with his face in his hands.  It was then, Castiel realized it wasn’t technically a magazine at all.  It was a catalogue.  Upon giving it a cursory flip-through, it was a women’s underwear catalogue to be specific.  The corner’s of his lips turned down in some vague sense of a question, but Castiel wasn’t sure what to do beyond that.  He didn’t want to dwell on the idea of Dean and Lisa picking out her panties together, not especially now.
“Your father used to wear his jacket around all the time,” Mary reminisced, smiling across the table, “I always thought he looked especially handsome in it.”
Dean met his hopeful eyes and knew exactly what he was searching for, but found himself at a loss for words.  What answer was he even expecting?  It wasn’t like that was ever going to happen again.  He still regretted it happened at all.
“I wasn’t ready for the night to be over yet,” Cas admits easily, opening his cerulean eyes and smiling when he sees the goofy look on Dean’s face.
“Good, I’m glad.” Cas bit his lip, watching Dean start to really work him over. “You’re going to choke on it.”
“I know I could,” Dean mustered into the phone.  “I already have!”
“No, Sam, I'm really enjoying this game,” protests Jack, as he moves his letters around. He manages to get the word ‘NIPPLE’.
“Of course not, Father,” Lisa started to say, just as Dean had replied with, “Don’t be ridiculous!”  Lisa furrowed her brow in Dean’s direction as he set his stack of plates down in the sink.
“Bobby?”  He asked, voice watery and weak.
Wordlessly Dean takes it, assessing him from the other side of the counter, but he still can’t shake the feeling that something is different.  He hates to open that door, the one where they get mushy about their feelings, but he finds himself asking anyway.  “Everything good with you, man?”
The demand was met with completely expected groans, probably half directed at himself for making them do the assignment and the other half at Beth for being the narc who reminded the absent-minded professor of his own syllabus, inevitably screwing someone else over in the process.
“Dean, wait,” Castiel pleaded, getting to his feet, like his subconscious made the decision to go after him.  “Please.”
“How is he?” Cas asks, flipping a page to seem less invested in the answer.
“In the treehouse,” he affirmed.
“Life is meaningless without purpose,” he touts, as if he knows firsthand.  “You just didn’t have purpose in yours any longer.  Now, I’ve given you a new one and time is… irrelevant, once more.”
After a moment's hesitation, she trudged over to prop herself under Castiel’s other arm, leading him towards the front door.
In no time at all, he was pulling up alongside the curb across the Castiel’s apartment building, engine stalling as much as he seemed to be.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel mumbled back.
Eyes searching, Dean asked softer, just for him to hear, “Cas, are you okay?”
For some reason, Sam didn't have to wear a friggin’ tie either.
“What's this?” Dean asked, confusion and excitement welling up inside him.  He looked to Bobby and then Mary who already seemed to be in on this whole thing.
Anything to make him stop the small talk.
Dean scoffs, but he’s actually slightly amused.  “Sometimes I forget you got that upload.  Kinda miss when the joke flew over your head.”
“Yeah, whatever.”  Whether he wanted to or not, Dean couldn’t bite back the shy smile that grew on his face.  “You’re not so bad to look at either, I guess.”
Dean chuckled.  “Sorry, what?”
Sam sets his paper down on the table and takes a sip of coffee, suddenly choking it down with a sputtering cough.  “Jesus, Dean, you look like crap.”
“I’m going to Chemistry,” he declared abruptly, ignoring her and dumping his soggy remainders into the garbage bin.
He was always doing that.
Dean follows him in with a palm splayed on the small of Cas’ back. He flips on the switch by the door, but when the light comes on he has to take it all in one more time.
“I don’t know how it slipped my mind,” Cas said with a shake of his head.  He set the platter down in front of Dean then and watched as a healthy dose of skepticism filled his face.
Castiel eyed it and then Dean.  He thought of the ragged denim jacket Dean tended to wear to class and the steadily declining temperatures.  Also, somewhere in the back of his mind, the fact Balthazar had forced him to buy it despite all his protests tipped the scales.  Without further thought, he simply said, “Keep it.”
“Dean,” he spoke, eyes pinching and fingers gripping tighter when Dean interpreted the action to mouth along the tendon in Castiel’s neck that was peaking above his clerical collar.  “Dean, we shouldn’t be here.”  His voice was wavering.  Unconvincing even to his own ears.
“Hasn’t she ever heard of a voicemail,” he muttered to the cat as he reached over to scruff the fur of his cheek again.  He purred his undoubted agreement.
“Uh, shit,” Dean stammered.  “Sorry, man.  Won’t happen again.  Promise.”
“When... I mean— uh, why? What’s the occasion?”
Contemplatively, Dean accepted it.  “What, you mean with Lisa?”  He took a quick hit even though he knew he shouldn’t, narrowing his eyes against the burn of the hazy purple smoke.
“Dude.”  Dean rolled his eyes and suppressed a long-suffering groan.  “Just fuck off.”
“Stop!”  Castiel practically shouted over him.  Balthazar looked like he’d been slapped across the face.  “Stop talking!  For once.”  Breathing in through his nose, Castiel attempted to ground himself.  To find the best way to say this so that it didn’t come out all wrong.
“To talk!”  Of all the things Castiel expected, Balthazar’s outright laughter wasn’t one of them.  The sound grated on his ever thinning nerves.  If he didn’t know any better, he’d think the man was drunk, but right now he did know better, and Balthazar was startlingly sober.  “There’s not much to say, is there?  I think you made your stance on me perfectly clear.”
“What, and be stuck dealing with you again every other day?”  Dean huffs a laugh, as he takes another messy bite.  “I think I’ll pass,” he mumbles obnoxiously around his mouthful.
Or so, that's what Sam Winchester had told him.  That’s when Sam had decided to finally ask for his assistance.
He slung his arm over the back of the chair and glowered wryly at Dean from across the room.  “I hardly think sex will help me write this paper.”
Castiel allowed himself a small twitch of his lips; Balthazar wasn't wrong in his assessment there.  “Actually, she came to tell me I was exceeding her already low expectations, so I guess you could call that a win.”  He checked off the grading sheet and awarded Kevin Tran an A for his appropriate use of shadows, before giving more of his attention to Balthazar.
Excusing himself from their table, Dean found the men’s room in the corner and locked the door behind him.  He sagged against it and sucked in a harsh breath before pulling out his cellphone.  Scrolling through the contacts, his thumb landed on the number for Bobby Singer’s garage and he hit the call button.  He was probably rolled under a car, Dean figured, when his first call went unanswered.  He could leave a message, but that wouldn’t really do much good either way.  He tried again. And again.  Finally, on the fourth call, Bobby answered.
“You’re burning up.  You want some water, man?”
Sliding the panties down, Dean’s cock sprang free and Castiel ran and his tongue along the length unhindered now, hands goading Dean’s hips to thrust into his mouth as he swallowed around him.  Dean gasped and groaned and his nails scratched along Castiel’s scalp as he held him in place.
Sam pokes his head into the pantry and checks his blind spots before he whispers over his shoulder, “What’s up?”
Dean shoots Sam a contented smirk. “Let's take a vote. All in favor of my idea, raise your hand.” Dean and Jack raise their hands almost immediately, despite Jack not even knowing what he’s agreeing to. Cas stands off to the side looking like he wishes he could fly the hell out of this whole dumb thing. Maybe he wants a movie night too. Sam locks his bitch face in place and turns it on Cas, but Dean ignores him. “What's it gonna be, Cas? My way or the highway?”
Extracting his phone from his pocket, Dean listlessly scrolled through his messages.  He had an unread one waiting from Charlie.  Something about how she was struggling with writing her paper.  It continued on to ask about Aaron and Dean bit out another humorless laugh at the question.  If Charlie had known he’d just exploited Aaron to make their Art History professor jealous, she probably wouldn’t be so hyped to be besties.  He tapped on it and his thumb hesitated over the keys, but he didn’t type anything.  He wouldn’t have to tell her he fucked it up by tomorrow when Aaron acted like Dean was a social pariah.  But it was better this way, he thought.  Aaron now knew Dean was fucked up and he would know to steer clear of him at the very least.
It was meant as a nice gesture, Castiel thought.  Anyone else would think so, but most people weren’t accused of selling themselves for money and he didn’t think Dean would take to it so kindly given recent events.  “I don’t think that’s necessary, Bal.”  He tried for nonchalant.
Castiel didn’t object.  He couldn’t even pretend.
“Oh, no, Charlie, I’m fine,” assured Castiel, attempting a polite rejection, even going so far as to subtly edge away, except at the exact same time it left his mouth he was unintentionally elbowed in between the ribs.
They ate in awkward silence for a few minutes and Dean did his best to avoid Castiel’s weirdly reverent gaze, choosing instead to stare at the wan moonlight breaking over the dark water across the way.  Though, he was uncomfortable.  He’d never felt that vulnerable in front of anyone before and the feeling left much to be desired as far as Dean was concerned.  Castiel was just another name on the list of people Dean didn’t want to feel weak in front of, yet here Dean was making him a goddamn PB&J with the metaphorical crusts cut off after getting fucked in the ass and crying about it.
Glancing to the corpse, the unnatural set in its limbs, the milk in its eyes, Dean feels repulsed.  He can’t think with Castiel standing before him.  He takes one long, lingering look at the healthy flush settled across Castiel’s chest and neck, the luscious hair on top of his head, the fullness of his blood-stained lips and he knows.  “You,” he entreats, ignoring the shame he feels pooling in the pit of his stomach.  “I want to taste you, Castiel.  Please.”  His eyes are practically pleading.
“I’m not making a face.”
“How bad did I do?  Do I even wanna know?”
“Not so much,” he replied, “Slow night.  Just wanted to see how you make the burgers so good, I guess.”
It wasn’t supposed to go down like this, he convinced himself.  He didn’t have ulterior motives.  He didn’t have a plan at all, really.  He wasn’t thinking with his brain.  There was just a natural draw towards his professor that Dean didn’t want to fight.  He was sick of fighting everything all the time.  It wasn’t as if Castiel had done anything to warrant Dean’s affection, but he had it whether he wanted it or not.
“Maybe you should take your own advice.”
Rising to his knees, Dean snarled, “I am not the devil!  The devil fears me!”  Another splash of holy water and Dean was jerking the cuffs binding his wrists, the rusty water pipe rattling with it.
“Got worried,” Dean murmurs lazily against his lips, “Thought you ran away.”
This was also the third time Sam Winchester had picked him up in the last month.  There’d been no progress yet.  The mental health practitioner all but abandoned them in the eleventh hour.  Dean was still the same, if not worse, but this time Castiel was prepared.  He didn’t need permission from the Church.  Losing Dean wasn’t worth the wait.
And that had been on Tuesday.
In all the years he and Dean have been doing this, in all the years their dad did this, his journal never mentioned anything about them.   Dean knew a hunter once, Richie, who claimed to have iced one, but he wasn’t exactly what Sam would call reliable intel.
“Yeah, you do that.  Don't expect me to enjoy myself though,” he warned as he got to his feet.  “I’m just doing this for Jess, so don’t get any funny ideas.”
“They could barely hold all of you in,”  he warbled.  He could tell by the way Dean was breathing he was already getting hard.  Castiel wasn’t much further behind.  “I sucked you through them.  They were soaked.”
He flopped back on the bed with a low groan.
“If you’d prefer, then sure, by all means,” Cas sasses right back.
“Well, you saw the monster too, so it obviously takes the form of another person.  Whoever it came to you as could form a link.  It might help explain what it is or what the witch bound it for, it's nature.”
And there stood Castiel, out of breath, hair wild as ever, cinching a dark blue robe around his waist.
And Sam offers him a meager smile in return, though the ever-present crease in his brow only deepens.  Instead, he turns the radio on low as they thunder down the highway and forces himself to feel a little of what Jack’s feeling, if only superficially.
“You know I do,” Dean teased back, leaning in for a slow kiss, that quickly deepened to something more.
“So…  I gotta ask again, because it’s my job and because despite what you might think, I do actually care.  How’s everything at home?”
