"And may I ask why you thought it was a good idea to go alone into a vampire nest?" Castiel scowls at the two hunters as he stands and aggressively pulls at his sleeves. Dean scowls back at the angel and stubbornly crosses his arms over his chest. "It's our job, and I can handle myself just fine thanks. Getting hurt is part of the job." Castiel and Dean glare at each other from across the room, waiting for the other to give in first.
"Hey there angel, want a drink?" The dark blonde haired man asks, leaning over the counter. Castiel smiles at the attractive man, staring at him with emerald eyes. "Sure. What do you suggest?" He replies in his deep gravelly tone. "Well my friend here," He gestures to the tanned man in the skin-tight outfit pouring drinks, "makes a mean cocktail but personally I prefer spirits with a hint of brandy." The man winks at Castiel. "Okay why not, I'll have a spirit please," Castiel says turning away from the man. The man chuckles to himself, causing Castiel to turn his head back towards him.
"When you got the time spare just let me know." He walks over to Jo before Bobby can respond and leaves Ellen and Bobby to say their goodbyes.
Dean picks at the plastic laminate of the diner menu. His eyes burn against the blinding fluorescent lights. Across from him Bobby nurses a cup of coffee, trying to keep his eyes open long enough for his food to be served. Dean's stomach lurches as he sips at the hot sludge the waitress had put down in front of him. The chocolate inside has turned into a powdery clump that sticks to the back of his throat. His hands are still struggling to keep steady after their almost car-crash only ten minutes ago and the greasy coffee-scented air isn't doing much to keep him settled.
Dean grins as he steps up to the chapel doors, the dented oak soothing his callous hands as he nudges them open. The room is white and spacious the ceiling stretching 16 feet into the air and being held up by four wooden beams. Pictures and balloons are dressing the white walls, shadowing the white in rays of blues, reds and greens as the sun beams down through one of the skylights and brightens the room making it seem even bigger than it already is.
professional partner in silence while staring into each other eyes looks even weirder. Why is it that angels only seem to have a problem with personal space when they're around him? Is the 'heavenly host' purposely trying to make his life as uncomfortable as possible? He can barely take a step without having Cas breathing down the back of his neck.
He smiles at me on occasion but we never speak, just pass a few words like 'take this one first' or 'how are you today'. He's the only one who talks to me like I don't belong in here, unlike everyone else, he sees what no one else does. He's different.
Castiel rolls his eyes at the screen and places his cup onto the small table beside him. He stands frowning at the thought of having to hit the side of the tv in hope of restarting it but before he can manage to take a step forwards the TV cuts out with a whip-like crackle, draining the life out of the television. Pinching the bridge of his nose, Castiel groans in despair. The television had been acting up for the past few weeks and it was only a matter of time until it broke permanently.
Sam blinks, obviously caught off guard and nods. "Yeah actually. Obviously, there wasn't much left of her face but her body was actually very interesting,"
Ancitif had offered him a way out, a way to save each of those people all he had to do was go with them and end the hunt. But he'd refused the offer. He'd refused out of fear. Dean had never really considered the idea of demons existing and yet he'd killed six of them in barely half an hour.
But as always Castiel chooses the best moments to appear and Dean nearly swerves off the road from how hard he flinches, sending his plastic fork flying into the seat and completely missing Sam. "Dammit Cas." He scolds as he regains control of the impala, trying not to sound guilty for getting caught mid throw. "My apologies, I didn't mean to startle you." Castiel, the smug bastard, has the nerve to sounds vaguely sincere but Dean can hear the amusement in his tone.
I take the time to appreciate his eyes and how even closed they are truly magnificent. His eyelids are slightly lighter than the rest of his skin, his long chestnut brown eyelashes curve perfectly and his skin glows with practically zero effort.
John had stormed in picked Sam up who was sleeping on the couch and yelled, "We're leaving, going to stay with some real friends." That night had ended with John, Sam and Dean skidding out of Bobby's driveway as he blasted rock-salt into the back of the Impala. They didn't end up seeing Bobby until at least ten years later when John had gone missing (again). As he said it is probably in the top ten of
As he walks to his car, he feels the icy sidewalk beneath his boots slide and crack into splinters of water and mush. He knows somethings watching him, he's had enough experience to know the familiar feeling of being a creatures prey. With hours left before dawn and the air smelling of overdue rain, Dean quickens his pace. His gun is resting comfortably against his lower back but he knows it's not filled with silver bullets and by the size of the shadows building around him he's gonna need more than a few rounds. Dean pulls open the impala's door, sitting inside and carefully inserting the key before the engine roars to life.
The witch raises the bowl of blood and herbs above his head and yells: "Monvoisin nobis Maria, Maria Laveau et Agnes Waterhouse, vos tenentur ad infernum." Dean closes his eyes and cries out, but it comes out as a silent gasp as the woman drips the blood onto his neck and hair. However, the blood quickly becomes an easy comfort as it soothes his burning skin and washes over him like a protective blanket; it doesn't burn or hurt, it's almost a relief compared to before, but still it doesn't let him catch his breath and he feels as if he's suffocating, likes he's underwater and can't reach the surface.
then let's get cleansing. We'll train until I can control it, no breaks," He looks at Bobby. "No hesitation," Then to Castiel. "And no mistakes." Gabriel scoffs at him stepping closer.
"I ended up in heaven." The guilt ripples throughout him landing in his gut and makes his stomach twist uncomfortable and heavy inside of him. Dean swallows, his mouth dry.
Castiel's gaze is full of sadness as he tries to catch Dean's eye line. His hand squeezes Dean's and he finally meets his eyes. "I'm sorry." He says quietly. The whisper wraps itself around them and Dean finds himself whispering back to not disturb the somewhat safe touch of Castiel's hands.
Castiel must be thinking the same thing as he hesitates before answering. "No..." He pauses again. "At least I don't think so. I believe when Dean feels unnecessarily frustrated or restless it's because he's ignoring his grace trying to communicate with him." Castiel glances away. "It was originally my grace and its natural instinct is to reunite with its owner. Therefore it creates an inner turmoil that makes his grace even more uncontrollable. I believe it reacted badly because it thought I was rejecting it." Bobby worries his bottom lip, glancing at Dean.
This must be the curse. There's no other explanation unless Dean is training for some kind of eating contest he didn't tell Sam about.
Dean grunts as he twists. He opens his eyes and finds himself staring at a beige ceiling. His nose twitches, catching the faint fumes of greasy food. He swallows savoring the first few moments of awareness before his memory comes back to him. The hum of the stove is almost enough to guide him back into unconsciousness as he realizes he probably won't be allowed to enjoy any of the greasy food clogging up his senses.
Bobby tenses more and more as Dean describes the creature. He glances at Castiel. "But it was just my mind right? It couldn't have been an angel that's not how they work." Castiel's jaw clenches as he looks towards Bobby, an unspoken conversation happening between them. Bobby glances around the diner, then outside into the parking lot. "That dent happened somehow and I'm not going to take any risks." The yellow street light does little to brighten the outside world but it's enough to show how cornered they are and the lack of oncoming traffic.
"What? Screw you Sam I'm not under freaking house arrest I can do what I like." He argues scoffing at Sam and sitting up fully, awkwardly pulling up his zipper in the process. "If I wanna get some I will okay?" He stands and turns to face Castiel. "And
Dean watches the angel seem to contemplate his next words and urges him to continue. "What do you mean by reacted? It rejected me?"
"So I take it you're gonna die if I leave you here?" The werewolf shrugs, his cocky couldn't-care-less attitude replacing the look of fear on his face. "Well, the other Alphas can't be much further behind, so yeah, you leave I'm dead." Dean scowls at the wolf. This guy has killed people, real-life human beings, he can't just let him go. He doesn't even know why he wants to let him go. Dean shakes his head and stands in front of Jake. "Why do they want you dead?" Jake doesn't answer and that's when it hits him.
Dean's always wanted to help make a good life for his family, to help Sam get to college and be the smart one, the successful one as he rightly should be and if that meant suffering through every pain and hurt then he would. He never considered he'd go farther than his dad's footsteps, maybe have a small family and sit back while John faded, his mom greyed and Sam carried on with his life away from Dean. But now he's supposed to be this unstoppable force that takes on beings he didn't even know existed?
He holds his breath in the hope that the sweetest, softest, most radiant vision won't leave him. But it does. The raindrops return and they fall faster this time and with every drop it erases the colour leaving nothing but darkness. That's when the warmth leaves him and it's like a shock to his system. The cold moves in only to meet the warmth of his blood. It whisks heat away leaving him pale.
At that moment Dean's mind goes back to the waitress with red nails and he glances towards the kitchen. He considers going to look for her but from the way Castiel is staring at Ancitif he's not sure he will like the outcome.
He crouches down next to the fence and feels along the bottom of it, looking for a loose end or a hole big enough for him to fit through. He pulls at the edge of the fence and manages to lift it out of the mud enough to create a slight gap between the hedge and the fence. Dean kicks at the loose metal until it starts to bend, forming an arch big enough for him to squeeze his legs through. He lies down on the ground and forces his legs through the gap pushing it open with his weight as he slides through it.
The guy watches Dean as if waiting for him to continue and Dean shrugs at him. "Yeah so you know, can you come...fix it?" Yet he still doesn't move there's not even a twitch in his stoic expression. Dean tries to contain his frustration and breathes in sharply. "You are actually the IT guy right?"
"You're doing well Dean," Dean's eyes open into slits. "You don't have to push yourself so hard. Controlling your grace will take time." The sun burning his vision as he squints at the angel.
Dean grins and swings his legs over the side of the bed to stand, but ends up with his legs either side of Castiel. Dean visibly gulps and looks up.
He tries to scream but the ice is squeezing his lungs and the fire is burning the saliva out of his mouth, the sound coming out much worse than a scream. The cry that tears from his throat has a raw quality, the realness of a person consumed by a pain that knows no end or limit. Then he's quiet, just panting until he's left a shaking mess of agony lying in the fetal position on a dirty hospital floor. The tears pouring from his eyes hydrate him long enough for him to think about how pathetic it is for him to die here, to leave Sam behind for good when Dean was only staying alive to be with him. But the relief from his tears lasts only for a split second before his throat nearly rips itself apart gasping for air and his tears begin to burn like they're being sprayed with dry ice. His eyes freeze over like the surface of a winter puddle, robbing him of any warmth he had left.
He then wraps his arms protectively around Dean's body his hand massaging the back of his neck. He prays to his father that Dean will be alright, that this curse will be over and Dean won't have to suffer and perhaps most importantly that he will be able to keep his patience and not kill Crowley the moment he sees him.
he thinks as he steps lower and lower, the tunnel pressing lightly against his back and arms just an inch away from being claustrophobically tight.
He freezes with his back against the building as a bright light burns his eyes. Tires screech against the stone path hidden behind the gate. Dean squints at the burning brightness and sticks to the shadows as he walks forward to get a better view. His breath catches in his throat at the sight before him, the kind that chokes him and makes his eyes water. He doesn't even realise he's crying until a tear falls down his cheek and past his mouth the salty taste staining his chapped lips. He knows that sound anywhere the growl of an all American muscle car, it's purring engine washing over his body like a wave. There's only ever been one man to own a car like that in Kansas. The lights die in one quick flash removing their angelic glow and revealing the black sheen of the Impala. His heart drops as the door swings open, a man stepping out and shutting the door with the same pride and affection Dean used to shut it with.
"Yeah!" Castiel smiles. "It's for a project -um- one that needs special berries." He tries to sound as convincing as possible but it sounds farfetched even for him. "Dean offered to help while I waited for you. What club activity did you have to do?" Castiel hopes the question will be enough to distract Sam.
I don't know why, or when it seemed like an appropriate or even reasonable thing to do, but somehow my vessel thought it was, and I find it and myself leaning in to close the space between me and Dean. He tenses for a while as we stare at each other both of our mouths staying in place. I go to move back so I can apologize for what I'm currently doing, however, when I try to he sighs, capturing my lips and his eyes flutter closed.
Of course, Dean notices it. His eyes never leave Castiel the entire time he's on stage and when their eyes connect it drives him further to make Castiel as desperate for him as possible.
Castiel nods, rolling his eyes. "Yes Dean, pillow talk and yes you were extremely inebriated and wouldn't stop praying for me," The faint blush seems to darken the more Castiel speaks and he awkwardly rubs the back of his neck. "When your prayers began to become...inappropriate I thought I had better save you from yourself." Dean shuts his eyes cringing at the thought of using his best pickup lines on Castiel and buries his head in his arm to hide his embarrassment. "So...we came back here together?"
. He calls to it, forces it away, back to his arms and down to his hands. His fingertips tingle and holding it there makes his joints burn. His legs feel weak and shaky.
Sam scans over the tops of people's heads, unlike his brother, being tall enough to see over everyone and smiles to himself at the family in front of them. The couple definitely fit the 'apple pie life' description with their 2.5 kids and perfect hair and teeth. He watches as the young boy complains about waiting, while the boy's brother says something about being more excited about the indoor play area and slot machines than the caves themselves and Sam can't help but wonder if that's what their family would have been like if demons hadn't broken them apart. Would Dean had stayed in school for more than a couple of months instead of being forced to follow orders? Would they even be as close as they are now if none of this had happened?
"We had the same when we went to Minneapolis," Jake says, taking his plate and stabbing at his food. "Diners always have the best burgers." Dean nods along as he takes his plate. "Yeah dude we practically live off this stuff, well, I do not miss daisy over there." He gestures to Sam.
On the fourth week, the doctors moved Sam and Dean into the room on the floor above. It's spacious, bright and private with a large window opposite the door that overlooks the city beneath it.
There's no flash of lighting or sudden movements so he assumes he successful distracted the angel and hopes bobby can get out undetected.
Ellen chuckles and squeezes him closer to her side. "Yeah, well I don't doubt your angel will get an earful at some point so you might wanna warn him about that." Dean huffs out a laugh as they walk out of the bar. The morning light hitting his face is easily welcomed.
each other, it was always just teasing or pranks. He glances at Sam then looks back to the kid. "Well you know, I heard karma's a bitch so if I was you, I wouldn't worry about him too much." The boy laughs quietly and murmurs a "Thanks." Before strolling down the trail. Sam soon walks over with an exasperated huff and a disturbed expression. "Find anything Sammy?" Dean smirks and strolls down the narrow passage, his brother following closely behind.
He sighs leaning back into his seat, indulging in the warmth that surrounds him after a long day of walking around in the cold autumn air and glances at the tv playing quietly in the background. The show has something to do with a doctor and his many love affairs but Castiel doesn't understand the plot, no matter how many times the man on the tv explains it. However, he doesn't have much time to figure out the plot as the luxury of watching television only lasts for around a minute until the screen begins flickering and the picture evolves into lines of pixels.
Dean curses as he cuts his finger on the silver knife he's trying to pull out and glances back at the door as he hands Sam a gun filled with silver bullets.
The moment the words are out of his mouth Dean cringes, willing himself to calm down. With the number of times he's blushed today he's starting to think all of his blood has rushed to his head and stayed there. Before he can embarrass himself further Castiel answers. "I can use it to meditate if necessary."
It's not until he feels himself suffocating that he realises he's standing over his own body. A group of nurses are desperately trying to pump life back into his body but it's no use. He feels so sorry for the boy beside him he wishes he wasn't in so much pain. The last thing Dean feels is a dark emptiness before he fades into an abyss of unconsciousness.
Dean jolts backwards when something runs across the window, it's too quick for him to see what it was and he hopes to whatever or whoever has named themselves as God, that it wasn't the Chimera. Something that quick could do serious damage. Dean feels something move underneath his hand and glances down to see Sam staring back at him with a frown on his face. He hadn't even realised he had grabbed Sams shoulder and apologetically let's go when he sees how tight he's holding on. Dean curses himself mentally for being so jumpy and nods reassuringly to his brother before cautiously moving forwards. He reaches for the door and turns the handle wincing as it creaks loudly the sound somehow drowning out any other.
Castiel and Bobby join him by his side but Dean keeps his eyes on Ancitif out of fear of him moving. "Can't he still get up, shouldn't we tie him up or something?"
Dean ended up driving back to the motel a few minutes after Cas had left and the argument between him and Sam was more or less forgotten about by the morning. The next day they went to the suspects house to clear things up, or in Dean's case sit in the car while Sam went inside, but by the time they got there, there was already a '
Dean's lips stretch wider into a gaping grin, his eyebrows arch to the sky. He knows he should be taking it seriously but the extent of his powers one again leave him speechless. He lifts up his right hand and unclenches his fist. The light glows from his palm like a miniature sun, a smouldering ball of fire ready to burn. Dean inhales before thrusting his hand forwards. Castiel grunts with the effort to resist the grace pushing him back but he stays standing.
"Dean I'm concerned about how fast the grace is developing. You seem to be having more side effects from the grace than I had thought possible and I don't think it's a good idea to start using them."
Dean watches him with a blank expression his hands held up as if he was surrendering before he lets out a small snigger his face twitching to hold it in. Castiel covers his face as it burns red. "Don't you dare." He warns. Dean coughs to cover up his laugh that slips from his mouth. "No, no of course not," He says. Castiel peeks through his fingers at Deans face that's practically glowing with joy. "Oh shut up." Castiel snaps half-heartedly but before he can finish Dean bursts out with laughter, his eyes watering with the effort to keep it restrained. Castiel turns away from Dean as he walks forward to wrap his arms around him. "Come on Cas- look I didn't mean it."
The look on the alphas face is a mix of shock and terror but it doesn't last long as the left side of his body drops taking the rest of him to the floor. His head rolls off in one clean motion and flops to the side. Where there had once been smooth skin is now replaced with torn muscle and blood a gory display of violence. Jake turns to him with a malicious grin, speckles of blood covering his nose and chin. "Never liked alphas anyway." He says, wiping his face off on his shirt.
"Now listen, that boy has been through hell and back, I know what's happened to him and I know you sure as hell do as well. So when I ask you why someone is trying to kill my boy you better tell me or you better disappear and hope to God I never find you." The look on Bobby's face is something beyond terrifying and for a moment Dean's not sure who should be more afraid Bobby or Castiel.
Bobby looks him over, a moment of silence holding all of them in place. "Well let's get to work and find that book."
Dean's brows draw together. Could it really be that simple? If all the hiding and fighting stopped he would be able to do his job and then leave all of this behind. He scans Uriel's expression but it's neutral. "What about Cas?"
Bobby studies his journal for a couple of seconds before his eyes close and he begins chanting. "Rah ah gah ee oh es," The sigil slowly begins to brighten, glowing under his chants. "Vee nu nohno kee ah seh peh teh poh ah ma lah deh zod." Bobby lifts his hand, revealing a lighter. He flicks it, igniting it and forming a flame, holding it over the bowl. Dean entire body lurches forwards, his instinct to protect triggering him into action. Bobby drops the lighter. He's beside Bobby before he realises the match has missed his necklace instead landing in the bowl and lighting it on fire. "Castiel."
Bobby and Ellen rush from the back room. Ellen moves towards the bar, checking on Ash and then making her way around the room. Bobby looks from Castiel to Dean, his eyes darting to the surroundings. Dean sees the movement in his peripheral vision not bothering to take his gaze from Castiel. His body roars under his attention.
Dean's dark lashes brim heavy with tears; his hands clench into shaking fists, in a desperate battle against the grief about to spill out of him. He turns around. The sight of his mom is worse than he could've imagined. Her beautiful image is unrecognisable, her jaw crushed and covered in thick red blood, the liquid trickling down her face and coating her eyelashes, dyeing them a dark copper. "Dean? What's wrong?"
His body skids across the hard ground, pain shooting to his fingertips as his elbow makes contact with something sharp beneath him. Dean's head spins and he falls backwards unable to keep the top half of his body up. Disoriented, he blinks willing himself to focus. He's still seeing two when a hand makes contact with his cheek. The impact makes his head whip to the side. He groans as blood pools in his mouth. Coughing, he tries to spit out the liquid choking him.
He can't breathe as if someone is choking him. His heart is racing faster in his chest as adrenalin flies over his veins, he can't move a single muscle, not even to scream.
Dean stumbles to try and stand only for the older-woman demon to pull him to his feet, almost tearing his collar. He hears the slight rasp of material ripping. She slams her hand into his ribs causing Dean to wince. The pain ripples across his chest.
Dean glances away embarrassed. How pathetic, he can't even be in heaven without fucking it up. He coughs and tries to change the subject. "So what happens now Cas?" Dean asks. "Are you gonna leave?"
He slowly walks through to the kitchen his heart beating faster with every step, however, the sight that greets him makes his heart stop. Sam's sat peacefully beside the breakfast counter, his head buried in a book as he rapidly stuffs his face with pieces of toast. Dean smiles, tears threatening to spill as his brother turns to look at him. "Sammy." He whispers. Sam's here, alive and happy, he's himself. "Dean, finally, you took long enough. Look, come here, quick I wanna show you something." Sam jumps down from the stool he was sat on and grabs Dean's hand, pulling him towards the front door. "You're going to like it, it's what we've been talking about for ages now!" Dean feels the tears fall down his cheeks because they're both really here, and the house is full of familiar colours and the smell of mom's cooking. It's everything he's wanted for so long. But as Sam is dragging him impatiently towards the front door and his mom is walking down the stairs he feels it.
He glances towards Sam to make sure he's okay and that he's seeing what Dean is and finds his brother in the exact same state of disgust at the sight before them.
"You!" He shouts. "What did you do?" Castiel only stands there, watching Dean. He doesn't reply but his face is enough to tell Dean all he needs to know. He lied. "How-how could you? I trusted you!" Castiel used him to find his body, he's not going to heal Sam. Dean feels the tears fall down his face before he has the chance to catch them. His chest hurts so much more now, now that he knows, now that he can see his last hope slips through his fingers.
If he could open his mouth any wider Sam's sure he would have eaten his burger in one bite. Dean takes off half the burger in one massive bite. Then he crunches it up with his mouth opening every time he chews, treating them to a view of the partially masticated meat. He gulps it down and without pausing to breathe he takes another vicious bite at the burger.
Then before he has the chance to react he's being pulled backwards and hoisted into the air. The hand around his throat squeezes tightly, cutting off his breathing as he dangles helplessly over a five hundred feet drop. A man stands in front of him, a lifeless and monotone expression on his face as he holds Dean. The man has clear pale skin similar to Castiel expect he has shockingly white-blond hair and vibrant green eyes. His eyes are glowing with barely contained power, an angel similar to Naomi with only one goal in mind.
It's only a matter of seconds before Jimmy is kissing his neck and unbuckling his belt, reaching inside Dean's pants with cold hands. "You wanna go all the way?" Dean nods absentmindedly, imagining the hands are someone else's and that the breath on his face smelt earthly and fresh instead of ashy and sickly sweet.
For a moment Gabriel's eyes sparkle, a hint of mischief and excitement peaking out from behind his nonchalant expression. And then Castiel is grabbing his arm. "Dean stop." Immediately Dean turns around to support the angel as he still struggles to catch his breath. Dean shakes his head silently asking. Castiel clears his throat, using Deans shoulder to help him stand up straighter. "He's not a threat. He helped me escape." Dean glances back at Gabriel, frowning at the smug grin on his face.
However, you see there are a few times in Dean's life where magical things happen to him for no apparent reason. This is one of those times. As it turns out the sharp thing digging into his leg is actually one of the knives that had been knocked out of his hand previously by another wolf. Slowly to not to startle the creature he slides the knife out from where it was hiding under his leg as the wolf creeps closer. It looks ready to kill but so is Dean.
Our lips touch for a second before I pull back and try to catch his eyes. But both are shut and he pulls my neck down to capture my lips again, in a deeper and longer kiss. "You-" Dean tries to catch his breath. "You can try that any time you want." He says breathlessly and kisses me one last time before pulling back with a grin. "But I could really do with some food."
Dean offers Jo a strained smile as they walk over to Bobby who's crouched around stacks of books. "What is it?" Dean picks up one of the books, turning it over in his hand. Bobby opens the book in his hand, its red leather cover shining in the dim lighting.
My room is still the same; white walls, uncomfortable bed pressed against the wall, a single pink flower resting on a faded white dresser and windows with bars laced across them. Everything is very much the same.
Before Dean has the chance to response Cas stretches out his hand and flicks it inwards making a chair hurl itself into the circle. Castiel blinks and the chair falls to the ground making a gap in the circle of fire. If Cas is scared, he doesn't show it. Everything from the way he holds himself to the look of unassailable confidence in his eye says he can do it. Castiel steps out of the circle with broad shoulders and the two creatures glower at each other. "If you hurt Sam Winchester I will not be merciful, tell your hounds to leave." He threatens. The woman gently pushes her hair behind her shoulder even though neither men believe her sweet and innocent act. "I don't have to listen to you recidivist."
"What the fuck?" He shouts throwing himself backwards in a tangled mess of sheets. "Cas what-why-I-what the fuck?" The moment Dean looks at Castiel he regrets it, the glow of an almost there tan and the sight of a lean body laid out in front of him makes his legs tingle in a way that normally only happens when watching Dr Sexy. "You...are you naked?"
Sam frowns at his closed laptop and takes a sip out of his frapo-cafi- basically from his cup of ice and tasteless coffee. "If that breaks your paying for a new one." Dean slumps down across from Sam and drops his head against the table, shaking the newspaper in front of his brother's face. "Pick a case or kill me." He orders. Sam laughs around his cup and moves his drink to the shelf beside him, and throws the day old newspaper onto the floor and chucks an even older one at Dean. "Actually, I've already found one." He says matter-of-factly and sits back down in his seat, leaning across the table to point at an article. "Dude this newspaper is at least four days old, how do you know this hasn't been dealt with already?" Sam shakes his head dismissively at Dean and pulls a face as if to say 'really, Dean?', and then places two newer papers onto the table from somewhere off of the floor.
The alpha sighs and suddenly a sickly sweet scent fills Dean's nose choking him with its overpowering fragrance. Dean gags at the scent swallowing down the bile threatening to spill out of his mouth. Around him the other wolves keen, some in pleasure the others in fear even Sam seems to submit to the overpowering scent. Dean gasps as the scent strengthens and he can't hold in the gag that forces bile up his throat. He throws himself forwards, holding himself up on his hands and knees as he retches and empties out the contents of his stomach onto the cracked wooden floor.
He watches as Bobby and Ellen smile at each other and when Bobby leans in to kiss Ellen on the cheek he drops his gaze to the floor. Dean sighs. "I'm going to be okay Jo. Cas is going to help me, I'm stronger than I look." It sounds false even to him and he tries to force an encouraging look onto his face. He's had an entire night trying to convince himself that he'll succeed and has the strength to go through with it. He can't tell whether Castiel's presence is more distracting when he's with him or when he's away.
He can feel his heartbeat... every single pound in his chest. Not through his ears, they are occupied by the steady drum and dark voice of Castiel drowning it out in the ears. This great pounding, this great pressure; every beat. He can't hear it, but he can feel it.
Castiel steps forward. "It was my fault. I tried to protect Dean but my brothers and sisters are extremely relentless. They'll do whatever it takes to complete their mission, including giving their lives." He explains. Dean flinches at the way Castiel's blue eyes turn stormy at the mention of his siblings. He can understand the pain of arguing with your family, he can't even begin to grasp the concept of having to kill a sibling. Bobby's eyebrows furrow. "You're telling me that a bunch of crazy angels are flying around trying to find Dean?" He asks. "And do what to him? Kill him?"
It must have just been his imagination. Angels don't run, they fly. Dean tears his eyes away from the window and glances at Bobby and Castiel. Bobby looks tired but more or less the same and he assumes Castiel has had his eyes closed for at least the past five miles.
The werewolf pulls a displeased expression, his mouth turning downwards. He grunts in disapproval and drops Dean's face, pushing him away as he stands up. "I'm looking for something Dean," He says loudly, moving around the room occasionally stroking the heads of his pack with unexpected affection. Dean leans back against the wall ignoring the dull ache in his back and chest. "Is it clothes by any chance?"
Charlie shakes her head, taking her attention away from her phone. "That has nothing to do with anything! I emailed you about one
Dean swallows. He quickly realises why Castiel was so reluctant to show him his translations. Castiel believes he is the reason behind Dean being the way he is. Castiel went against his orders and saved Dean when he should've left him. He tries to think rationally. This book is describing him, his potential, his powers, and how he can get rid of them.
Castiel doesn't give Dean the change to calm down instead he picks him up with minimum effort and pulls him into standing. He presses his hand to Dean's forehead. "Dean calm down." Dean's head snaps to attention and he watches Castiel with wide focused eyes. "Food."
The word is like a gunshot slicing through the air. In an instant, the casual hustle of the diner dies and instead is replaced with an eerie silence. Bobby is already on his feet and Castiel's grip has tightened to the point when Dean can't even move his fingers without Castiel's permission. Dean spins in his seat and instantly feels a chill wrap around him. The three customers that had been occupying the stools are now stood surrounding the counter and blocking the exit. Dean has never seen anything like it. Their faces and bodies appear completely ordinary nothing like films would have you believe yet their eyes are dark, glittering pits of madness and horror. Dean flinches at the sight, afraid that if he stares into them for too long he'd see something he wouldn't be able to recover from.
His appearance is much like the last time Sam had seen him, his trench coat and suit jacket have been discarded over the chair and his sleeves rolled up. The memory of Deans body, lifeless and covered in blood is still raw in Sams mind and it makes his stomach flip at how close he was to losing his brother and no matter how hard he tries he can't remove the thought from his head. Sam coughs very unsubtly and catches Castiel's gaze.
Dean's hands spread like pale starfish around the handles of the edge of the table as he stumbles backwards. His body seems to resist the warmth that struggles to seep into it.
Castiel drags his fingertips across the cracked wallpaper, walking slowly towards a doorway with a dim light shining against the opposite wall,
The words are like knives in his chest and Dean glances at Castiel but the angel is looking away, guilt pulling his mouth down. Dean tries to ignore the stab in his chest reminding him of Castiel's betrayal, his lies. Somehow all of it has felt irrelevant up until now, he's had too much information too quickly to focus on his true feelings or to examine the scars forming beneath the surface. Dean's brow furrows as he tries to think of when he actually forgave Castiel. Or the fact that he seemed to do it quickly enough to want to kiss him. His face heats at the memory, a soft blush staining his cheeks. The doubt settles in again, gnawing at the walls he's built up.
Dean pushes the thought further back. What could they do to stop him if he didn't want to be stopped? Once again his thoughts return to John. His dad was probably the most brutal when it came to calling him names. Back then everything Dean did was to protect Sam from having to suffer at John's hand. But now that protectiveness has developed into forced resiliency, a way to prove he is none of the names John called him. Would his grace count on his resilience and adapt to it? Does it know how far he can be pushed before he breaks?
"Where are we going?" Castiel asks, glancing at the hand around his wrist as they walk past a row of trees north of the restaurant. "Somewhere fun." Castiel can't help but frown at the vague answer and he slows his pace, worry getting the better of him. Dean notices almost instantly and turns to look at Castiel. "I won't take you anywhere you won't like, I promise." He lowers his grip on to Castiel's hand and smiles bright and friendly, the same glint in his eyes. Castiel nods blushing at the warmth of Dean's hand over his. "Okay."
"The name Septem peccatis mortalibus is translated into the seven deadly sins and, as its name implies, is built around the seven sins - Envy, Sloth, Greed, Pride, Lust, Gluttony and Wrath."
"Did you guys want me to get a second room or are you two done?" Sam shrugs with a smirk. Dean feels his face flush as he gently snatches his hand away from Castiel's grasp but instead of looking embarrassed Castiel raises his eyebrows at him as if considering the idea. "Dude," Dean hisses. "I-no-Shut up Sam." He snaps, his cheeks dyed pink.
The flapping of wings fills the silence in the room as Castiel appears beside Dean. "Hello-" He cuts himself off at the stunned look on Dean's face and glances at Sam. "I assumed you have told him about the witches." He deduces as Dean tries to process what Sam has said. A witch over one hundred years old has cursed him for doing, well for doing fuck all actually. He only tried to kill the bitch because her and her best friends started a killing spree. His brother nods at the angel and sits down at Bobby's desk.
"The other angels." Castiel looks around himself again and shakes his head guiltily. "If we leave now they won't know about Sam and I can protect him, if we go near him they will kill him to get to you." He explains briefly, crouching down and grabbing Deans shoulders. "Please, Dean."
"Well, I think we'll have to ask your angel about that. A bunch of it is in Enochian so he'll have to translate it." Castiel nods and takes the book handed to him, turning away and flipping through the pages. Bobby sighs, shaking his head. "We should keep looking making sure there ain't anything hidden here." They all nod, walking back to their areas. Dean's eyes find Castiel and he can feel the anxiety rolling off of the angel in waves. Something about the book has the angel spooked and he wants to find out what.
Within a matter of seconds, Castiel is surrounded by the group of friends and the girls they are with. Everyone is joking and laughing over things they don't really understand but are all too drunk to care. Each one leaning on the other trying to hold their balance as Castiel sits amused from the random talking.
Outside the circle, he writes four other Enochian symbols. Four lit candles are placed atop the four quadrants, and four other objects are placed at the farthest points outside the circle. Bobby glances at Dean, a split of hesitation and guilt crossing his features before he reaches into his jacket pocket. It's only when the light catches the object, Dean stands up. Cradled in Bobby's hand is a necklace, a gold pendant hanging from the black string. Dean's heart clenches.
"No, Dean, you don't understand." He shakes his head. "Your grace needs to flow freely within your control. You're pushing it too hard. You have so much power within Dean that once you have a firm grasp you'll be unstoppable." He assumes Castiel is trying to be encouraging but the possibility of becoming unstoppable makes him pause. He's been called many things throughout his short life, some good and some bad, but the idea of being unstoppable makes his heart sink. Instantly his mind sabotages him with the idea of what his powers could do to him. They've already changed his outsides so who's to stop it from changing his insides?
The twinge in his chest isn't too difficult to ignore. "You know what happened." He responds. Castiel huffs at him, rolling his eyes as he turns towards the window. "Yes I do and that's exactly what I was trying to avoid. It seems inevitable now."
He can see Castiel, he can see this angel in front of him or at least this man who is holding the angels being inside of his body. He's real,
And it's not like he actually hurt the woman, it was only a threat and he doesn't even know why he did it.
He glances at the books that are now scattered along the floor and watches in silence as the red eyes slowly move around the different pieces of furniture in the room, careless to what it knocks onto the floor, its silhouette moving in an almost cat-like fashion. At first, it had looked small no bigger than an average dog would be if it was sat down, but as it moves through the objects it gets larger, each time its eyes disappear behind something they reappear bigger and not as bright until finally, it stops.
He bursts through Bobby's front door without hesitation. He's not afraid of someone being in the house, he'll let his grace handle them. He's more afraid of what he'll find. His mind is racing ahead of him if he found Castiel injured or worse...
The side door slams against the wall, a loud crack shooting through the air. Jo storms into the room pointing an accusing finger at Dean. "You have powers!" She shouts, her eyes burning with betrayal. Her scowl darkens as she points towards the angel, a vicious sneer curling her lip. "What have you turned him into?"
If Castiel has been controlling his feelings then who's to say he isn't controlling his actions? Who's to say he isn't the one convincing Dean to follow him, luring him away from Sam. He glances at Castiel and he knows the angel can hear him, understands him. "I-" Dean shakes his head. It's not the time.
They both know Sam isn't stupid and Castiel also knows standing behind a tree isn't the best thing to do when meeting your new friend so he quickly improvises and walks out from behind the tree. "Picking berries!" He shouts.
Dean considers the angel in front of him. Then glances at Bobby. The older man nods and it's all Dean needs. "Not quite."
Dean runs his hand over his face as he blinks mechanically at the shelved food in front of him. The blue basket in his left hand weighs him down while the shopping list in his right stares back at him. After Crowley had disappeared from the room it hadn't taken long for his boredom to get the better of him. Sam had scribbled a note on the pad by the door telling him: 'Do not leave!' and that he will 'Be back in an hour'. But Dean had intended on getting out of the motel at least for a couple of hours to find something to do, a way to distract himself, however, he had only made it as far as the door before being greeted by a very familiar bitch face.
Dean swallows, his eyes darting across the linoleum tile floor. The silence is deafening and before he can stop his eyes meet Uriels and he says, "What are you suggesting?" Uriel's mouth turns up into a vicious grin.
Dean pushes his chair back, stretching his arms above his head. The non-existent pop of his shoulder still surprises him as his arms reach up effortlessly without a hint of pain. At least something positive was able to come out of all this. He feels Castiel's eyes track his movements and glances over at the angel however when he looks over the angel's eyes are on his book. Dean frowns. He looks over and catches Bobby's eyes.
He notices a shift from within the shadows and scowls when a very familiar black haired figure creeps out from within them. For a few seconds, they just glare at each other trying to figure out what the others next moves are until eventually two more women step into the light the first one with brown hair and the second with auburn, each wearing the same black dress and expressionless faces. "Dean Winchester." The witch spits out his name as she circles him like a predator circling its prey. He catches her eyes and clicks his tongue with a wink. "The one and only." She growls and she marches forwards and Dean quickly prepares himself for another slap but the other women step in before she can get close enough.
. So far the EMF signals have been practically non-existent and he's starting to think that the curse has just gotten rid of everything remotely supernatural in his life so that he will eventually be killed off by boredom. After one more quick scan of the bedroom and study, he trudges back down the stairs, gracelessly slipping on the pink carpet that covers them before stumbling into the hallway.
Castiel looks down at himself as if only just realising that yes he is, in fact, naked and that yes his dick is, in fact, covered by a thin sheet of cloth that if pulled would reveal a whole lot more than Dean would ever like to see. A faint blush creeps across the angel's face and he glances away from Dean in an almost coy fashion which is pretty much unbelievable for someone who could obliterate you without a second thought. "You strictly told me that it is a custom for people to have 'pillow talk' naked." Dean curses himself for the smile that twitches onto his lips at hearing Castiel use sex lingo. He always knew he was a cuddler after sex, even though he'd never admit it. "Look Cas I was probably drunk an- wait did you say pillow talk? When did I have- who- did I call you or something?"
"Let's just go to see if we can get any useful information out of him." He doesn't wait for a reply and quickly walks towards the lieutenant's office without looking back.
Until finally a violent tremor shakes his body, forcing him into darkness as his eyes flinch shut out of reflex sucking him into a deeper place inside his mind to cope with the torment.
Dean smiles fondly after her and stands up. He walks over to Castiel and pats him on the shoulder. "Have fun?" He whispers. Castiel nods.
It takes a second or two for the new information to sink it, but once it does Dean can't hide the shock that transforms his face, a gasp falling from his lips. His eyebrows knit together as he glances down at himself almost in awe. His heartbeat thrums loudly in his ears, blood pumping viscously through his veins. He pauses trying to think of a response. "You fought them off?" Castiel nods, both of them ignoring Gabriel's rant.
He knows if Sam found out that they were innocent he'd feel guilty and probably give Dean a long explanation about why hunting isn't good for them; so instead Dean's going to feel guilty for the both of them. Dean raises his gun at the man chained up before him. "Ah, so I tell you and get shot in the face anyway, classy." The werewolf sighs seemingly unimpressed with everything around him and crosses his legs. Dean shakes his head and tries to force himself back into his hunter façade. "Sorry." He murmurs and moves to check if Sam's in the hallway. When there's no sign of him Dean moves back and aims his gun at the werewolf. "Honestly, you're doing me a favour." Jake murmurs. "I'm dead anyways."
Bobby launches himself between Dean and the demons, gripping the gun before one of them slams him into the floor, and uses it to hit the demon on the forehead two times. Bobby forces himself back onto his feet, watching the next demon rush towards him, as the three other demons jump to their feet. The demon doesn't try to stop the gun, it charges forwards as the rock salt implants itself into its gut. It dives under Bobby's arm and pulls him back and down.
He swallows and then opens the door. His hand clenches around the handle when he is greeted with an empty room. Where the hell is he? "Dammit, Cas." Dean turns around and runs back down the stairs.
It's not like he's jealous -he isn't- women always look Cas' way, he's just never really noticed it until now, not that that makes a difference
The creature flashes its teeth, a show of dominance, a threat as Dean prepares himself for the inevitable bite that will kill him. He glances towards Sam, he's pinned down the same as Dean both of them ready, prepared for what's about to happen. It's all Dean's fault. How bullshit does it seem that after all the shit they've been through werewolves would be the thing to kill them.
Dean barely scatters faster than the shards of glass in their explosive arc. His eyes squeeze shut, prepared for millions of knives to fall on to his exposed skin however, they never come. He opens one of his eyes to find himself pressed against Castiel's chest, the angel shielding him from the destruction that rained from above them. The room now shaded in dull natural light.
He feels a smile pull at his lips at the memory of helping the old man plant a row of sunflowers on a late Sunday afternoon. Castiel's pulled from his musings when the porch light flashes, then it flickers off and he can't help but scowl at the offending bulb for being as reliable as his tv. But quickly forgets about it when his eyes run across the wooden decking outside his patio doors.
The entire building creaks, dipping with the pressure as he puts his foot on the first step. The dirty wood, tainted from the sun, is hanging from the decking and he almost fears the second step will take the building apart. The building is more of an empty shell than a bar, the windows are mostly broken, but once they had been fancy mullioned sash types, the kind mostly seen in high-end places. Where there is still glass its now grey with the grime of twenty plus years. Matching the dull colour of the gravel and dead grass behind him.
Dean's fingers curl into a fist, nails digging into his palm. He turns to face Bobby forcing his face to remain neutral as he nods. Bobby looks just as shaken as he feels as he grips the wheel, glancing at the road behind them. "Thanks, Cas." He grunts, watching the angel through the rear-view mirror. Dean turns to face the angel, his neck stiff and aching. His body feels hot and sweat starts trickling down his neck. Castiel's eyebrows furrow as he stares intently into Deans' eyes.
The angel's head turns ever so slightly, most likely scanning through a million things at once while Dean stares dumbly. Dean grins at the strands of black hair that fall against Castiel's forehead. The sight is unbelievably endearing and Dean feels his heart swoon. At this point, Dean denying his feelings is a pointless charade. If he and Castiel had been friends them having sex would most likely be a forgotten subject by now, of course, there'd be the odd uncomfortable moment, the flash of memories which would cause one of them to blush and quickly try to forget about it. But no
"I need a second." Dean crouches down, dropping onto the floor and laying across the grass. He closes his eyes for a moment to catch his breath and hears Castiel move to sit beside him.
Once Dean has left the house and is back in the Impala he clasps his hands together and prays straight away. He already feels guilty enough for giving Cas the cold shoulder just because he can't keep his dick under control, he doesn't want to have to look into confused blue eyes as he makes up a lie about why he didn't want the angel to help. Cas doesn't respond to his prayer straight away and it's almost a relief,
It takes all his remaining strength to speak and he only manages a few words. "Stop me, Cas." Whether he would die or not he refuses to do this if Castiel isn't okay with it. But he quickly gets his answer as Castiel grabs hold of his chin, watching him with glowing blue eyes. "No." He growls.
"Dean!" A shout from the opposite side of the house interrupts him and Dean spins around in panic towards where he had left his brother. "Sam!" He shouts back, moving towards the door only to get stopped, once again by Cas. "Dean you cannot leave this circle," Castiel says angrily. "I'll help Sam just stay inside."
Dean struts out from the middle of the stage with a girl wearing matching outfits, a red waistcoat for Dean with black leather jeans clinging to his legs highlighting his features and a red corset with black leather shorts for the girl showing off most of her skin.
"Ah!" Crowley smirks, sitting up in his seat. "That's all I'm looking for, just a little motifs communs," He waves his hand briefly in the air silently rolling his eyes at Dean's confused look. "A little common grounds, some respect." Dean scowls at the Demon but momentarily falters when the light bulb beside him shatters, spraying out shards of glass. Castiel's on his feet in a second. "I don't thank you out of respect." His pupils are small and sharp as he glares at the demon the blue glowing with hatred. "It is only because you kept Dean safe, nothing more," Crowley grins and shrugs as he moves to stand, only to get pushed back down by the pure force of Castiel's voice. The shadow of wings rising above his head intimidatingly. "And I will warn you once, that if you touch or put any Winchester in harm's way again, I will burn your eyes out of their sockets and throw you back in hell myself." Dean feels himself shudder at the electricity in the air and the memory of Castiel saying the same thing to him, only this time Castiel sounds like he would do it just for the fun of it.
Dean pushes the last few pieces of his food around his plate, his eyes glued to Castiel. The angel's eyes are skimming through a book, the pages turning every few seconds and making Deans head spin at the amount of information he must be processing.
"Cas?" Sam interrupts and Dean rolls his eyes at being interrupted for the second time. "Yes, Cas. Then they kill-" Sam holds up a hand to stop his brother and shakes his head in that way that means, 'Nope-Sam-remembers-better' and glances at Dean suspiciously. "Dude, Cas wasn't there, it was just me." Dean replicates his brothers look and scrunches up his face in confusion. He may not remember a lot from that night but he sure as hell remembers seeing Castiel if anything that's the only thing he can remember. The witches were chanting around him then poured the blood onto him, just as Sam killed them, Castiel appeared in front of him. Right? Yeah, yeah it went chanting, blood, Sam, Cas. He shakes his head. "No, Sam I remember, right after you came in and shot..them..." Dean trails off as he thinks about what happened. He was so sure of the exact events, but now looking at Sam who's looking at him like he's a lost puppy, they've changed, he doesn't remember seeing Cas until back at the motel. Was Cas even in the warehouse? It would explain why he had asked Dean about what had happened. Dean digs his fingers into his temples and rubs them to try and think. His brain feels like someone's got a blender and drove it straight into the file that's marked 'the last couple of days'.
The thought of the IT guy gets Dean thinking, Charlie had said that he was hot which wasn't something she said a lot, yeah there was the casual 'cute' or 'good-looking' and on one occasion an unfortunate 'well, at least he has a good personality' which had ended... well, let's say the date had ended with Dean trying to fit his 6'1 figure through a small dirty bathroom window- something he's still not proud of. Maybe this IT guy could actually be, for once, what Charlie promises,
Castiel arrives at the shabby bar where Dean was last seen seconds after they were told, leaving Sam behind to continue research and keep out of harm's way. He scans the area around him for any signs of holy oil or demons that might be preparing an ambush since Crowley's word cannot be trusted.
"Did he not believe you?" Dean turns, startling when his chest hits into Cas and nearly knocks all of the air out of his lungs. "Jesus Cas." He gasps steadying himself using the angel's shoulder.
"Who do you see Dean? Who is it?" The woman asks leaning forwards in her chair, watching his every reaction. Dean swallows around the lump forming in his throat. If he says it, if he tells her she can help, she'll understand.
and picks up his cup to step over to his window. Castiel gazing at the inky canvas hanging over his shared garden, watching the black and white contrast each other almost perfectly; bright balls of light and an illuminated semi-circle moon hovering above trees while the shadows of tall plants and shrubbery elope its bright reflection. The short blades of grass quiver in the wind, shaking the smaller patches of daisies on the curve of the path, the usual glowing white practically translucent during the dark night.
The only thing on his mind right now is one thing, one person. The rhythmic hum of the lights seems to echo in the small space, his eyes watching them with slow and lazy blinks.
The angel has lied to him, tried to kill him and nearly succeeded, has pumped him full of grace and is the reason why Dean is here alone in the motel room (because apparently leaving someone who is being hunted by a pack of powerful supernatural creatures is completely fine). He rolls on to his back. The TV was a comforting buzz to lull him into a false sleep where he was only half awake but now with the rush of adrenaline, he can't shut out memories of sleeping beside someone, of being able to hear Sam's laboured breathing.
It takes less than a minute for Dean to snap. "What?" He shouts, throwing his hands up in the air. "Why?" Sam asks in that way that only he can, the way that makes Dean feel bad for whatever he's done even if he hasn't done anything wrong.
"Dean." He whispers. Dean clenches his jaw refusing to look up until slowly Castiel moves his hand up to rest under Deans' chin moving his face until their eye to eye forcing him to look up. "Dean." He repeats, even more gentle this time.
"Sam has spoken to me about his research and along with Bobby's collection of books he has found a lot of information which includes many unheard stories about witches such as Catherine Monvoisin and her speciality in curses. We believe it was Catherine who cursed you as she is one of the ten most powerful witches in the whole of creation and is purposely famous for her most famous curse, Septem peccatis mortalibus which is the only one we've found that matches your symptoms the most accurately." Castiel sits down in the chair across from Dean and brushed absently at stray crumbs on the table.
Uriel's eyes shine with mirth. "He may return to heaven." The angel turns in place, casually reaching out and brushing away invisible specks of dust. "I'll let him continue as if nothing happened," Dean watches the angel scan the room. When Uriel's back is to him he quickly chances a glance behind himself at the restroom door.
"I don't know, they should be here," Sam replies and gazes out of the window as if they were just going to suddenly appear. Dean rolls his eyes and scans the street. "Fine, well we're gonna go and get this over with then go back to the motel so I can collapse." He grumbles, getting out of the Impala and opening the trunk. They each grab guns loaded with silver bullets and then line their belts with knives and walk around the back of the house.
Dean splutters, his palms pressing into the floorboards, his stomach clenches, holding back the bile that threatens to come up. Tears blur his vision as he looks up. He gasps, reaching blindly in front of him. "Cas?" No response. Dean coughs, wiping his eyes with one hand as he uses the other to grab the table and pull himself up. "Cas?" He glances around. The house is back to normal, everything back in its place but the angel is nowhere to be seen.
He waits for Castiel to disappear, to leave and never come back but he doesn't, he doesn't move. Fire in the form of water stings his eyes, threatening to attack. Castiel's face is frozen in shock. Dean bites his lip harder than he ever has until salty blood fills his mouth.
Eventually, Dean's eyes shut but he tries not to sleep not wanting to miss a moment. There's still stuff he needs to ask Castiel, that they need to discuss but right here leaning again Castiels side Dean feels the constant nagging slowly calm and disappear into the back of his mind. It's Castiel's grace that's calming him he's sure of it. It's as if a bubble has formed around his head, numbing the rest of his senses.
"Why have you been putting off teaching me?" The angel tenses beside him and Dean already knows a lie is coming before it leaves the angels mouth. "I wasn't, I'm not I just-" Dean raises his eyebrow and the angel glances away the rest of the lie dying on his lips. Castiel bites his lip hesitating.
Castiel's face burns with embarrassment. "Oh my god, Sam!" He giggles. "So you didn't have a club thing?" He asks exasperatedly. Sam wraps his arm around Castiel's shoulders. "You're too naive for your own good Cas." Castiel faceplants and rubs his forehead. Sam chuckles. "I won't tell him you know don't worry." Castiel smiles as they catch up with Dean and he doesn't stop smiling as his hand slips into Deans even on the train ride home after he hugged Sam and Dean kissed his cheek.
It's only then Dean realises the fear he has of Bobby looking at him the same way John did, to not show any emotion is somehow so much worse than Bobby's current expression. Something in his mind convinces him Bobby is going to turn away, not caring if he bleeds out, not listen long enough to understand the point Dean's trying to get across. But Bobby's not john.
The officer puts down the pen and hands over the post-it note, and then just like that, gone is the somewhat cowardly and fidgety man they had discovered and back is the glaring, hard-faced version. "Thanks for your help," Dean says, fitting the folder under his arm. "My pleasure." The officer says in a tight voice and offers his hand. Taking a leaf out of the lieutenant's book Dean ignores the handshake and turns, nodding his head for Cas to follow.
"I think we're all prepared to. At least if you were here we'd know you're okay." The silence is deafening and Dean glances away unable to hold the concerned gaze directed at him.
Unfortunately, the realisation dawns on Dean much too late. He thought Castiel had only been blocking him from his pain but evidently, it goes much deeper than that. That's why he couldn't feel it, the pain from losing his parents, from having his broken bones healed, his ligaments damaged.
Dean's feet hit solid ground and he looks up to find the long tunnel already above him and another large metal door to the left of him. He shakes his head out of its thirteen-year-old girl phase and knocks on the door. The response is not immediate but eventually, he hears a gravelly, "Come in." from the other side of the door. He twists the door handle and pushes the heavy door open with a fair amount of force.
Music suddenly bursts through the speakers filling the air with classic rock as the quickly packed bar buzzes with people. Random people press against Dean's back trying to get a drink from the bar and loud men and women scream and cheer on the dancefloor. Dean glances at Sam who nods towards the door gesturing for them to leave. He taps Castiel on the shoulder the single touch sending shivers throughout his body and repeats the gesture, tugging slightly at his trench coat. He ignores the little voice in his head telling him that he should take Castiel as far away from that bartender as possible and heads for the door. They wind their way through the bodies trying their best to avoid getting ground on and almost,
Dean hums to himself as a cold breeze caresses his face. Night had fallen fast due to the upcoming winter season so barely any heat still remains. No more than an hour ago the sky was painted with hues of red, orange and pink, but all colour has faded leaving only a matte black canvas with no stars to be looked upon.
"I-I don't get flustered!" The argument would have sounded much more convincing if his voice hadn't broken halfway through,
Dean can only imagine what he looks like. His greasy food and sick covered body hunched over a pile of dirty fast food while his brother, his new werewolf friend and his best friend turn fuck buddy watches.
However his efforts are wasted and Cas ignores him, choosing to instead stare at the sunset peeking over the top of the hills. Dean can see why Cas would come up here, the sight is awesome the castle-like exterior of the building standing out immensely in the grassy hills and practically glowing as the sun shines across the stone. "Cas?" He tries again but is still ignored. Dean rolls his eyes throwing his arms in the air. "Don't make me come up there!" He shouts looking around for something he can use to climb without breaking his neck but only finding the wall itself as a suitable object.
"You mess with computers all day pretending to have a real job, you would think you'd have the brains to bring another torch?"
Bobby frowns grabbing Dean's shoulders to try and calm his frantic breathing. Castiel is already behind him and Dean can't control the way his grace flares out in anger.
aren't you?" Dean asks placing his hand across the arch of the doorway so that his arm is in front of Cas -
Dean bursts into the motel room slamming the door behind him, forgetting the lock and grabbing his duffel as Sam walks out of the bathroom. "Dean, what's going on?" Sam watches as his brother throws each of their duffels onto his bed frantically fumbling with the zip and practically ripping the bags open. "Um, nothing- well not nothing- werewolves, they-
Sam sighs and runs a hand through his hair as a shiver makes it's way down his spine. Their motel room is just below freezing and more than half of the things are broken or don't work properly; but it has two beds and a TV, so he can't complain.
Dean's hand cups Castiels face as the angel leans against him. Before Dean can think his grace is wrapping around Castiel soothing his wounds and healing him until he can stand alone. Dean sighs heavily, relieved that Castiel is alright.
Silence; it scared Dean more than the pain. He should have called out, should have done something. He tried to move but he was pinned by the collapsing roof and the front seat. His neck was too broken to move and he quickly found out that he preferred to be unconscious than to be awake because whenever he was awake he could feel the aching of each one of his cracked bones. Each breath felt like rocks burrowing into his skin and as he sucked in the cramped air, he could feel his lungs caving in on themselves.
"Cas." He says firmly. "As much as I want you to continue because dude, wow. If we don't hurry up there's a good chance the both of us are getting fired." He tries to look at Castiel but the angle is too awkward he just hopes he gets the idea.
It's so simple and yet it means a thousand things at once. He knows the meaning behind those words and he suspects Ellen does too. She passes him the next plate but doesn't push the conversation further.
Bobby's frown deepens as he carefully drops his hold on Dean's arm once again, the silence between them hanging in the air. "What was the name of that guy again?"
"Let's try again." Dean stands, holding his hand out for the angel to take. Castiel gladly accepts and pulls himself to his feet. They step back resuming their original positions at least twenty-feet between them. Dean closes his eyes once again taking a deep breath and holding it. When he opens his eyes Castiel has taken his stance, ready.
Immediately Ancitif shuffles away from him his eyes darting to the side as if preparing to flee out the exit only for fear to rise behind his eyes when he realises that he is still trapped in the pentagram. The colour quickly drains from his face.
"Do you even know what you're up against, how many angels blindly follow a chain of command with no control?" Gabriel rolls his neck and Dean has to blink away the image of golden wings spreading high behind him, large and dominating. Dean swallows but doesn't waver.
Castiel's words cut through him like a knife. The angels face is so sincere and genuine that the knives forces itself deeper. Without realising it in one sentence Castiel has managed to tear his heart out and toss it aside with a gentle smile. At that moment for the first time Dean wishes, he'd never met Castiel. He had been wishing that he didn't care about the angel and now here Castiel is giving him an out.
"A study like this would have been preserved and organised extremely well I'm sure Jo and Ellen would have noticed. Plus a book like this carries ancient warding. They wouldn't have been able to hold the book for long without burning or worse."
Dean easily returns the favour by flipping the guy the bird once he's disappeared out of sight. Dean's the one who'll end up having to kill something or someone tonight so he has every right to complain.
"You're not exactly something any of us have seen before. For all, we know you could be an atomic bomb just waiting to go off. The angels seem to think so, in fact, they're ready to string you up, especially after you broke Cas through heavens front door practically encased in a layer of grace armour."
He chased the light, watching it cast bright rays until he found himself standing in an empty hospital room with nothing but a ball of light. "What are you?" He asked. He remembers getting the urge to touch the light, to feel the energy rush through his body but something told him not to.
"In this case? The angels, heaven. This hybrid thing can only be made when heaven ain't doing their job or the angels go against their orders."
"I don't want you to do this. I was hoping I could find a solution. The last thing I want is for you to get hurt. This is my fault after all." Dean sighs. His brows furrow as he takes in Castiels words. It is Castiel's fault, it's the one thing Dean can't ignore anymore. The betrayal, the lies, the pain are forgettable, it still burns in his chest but as a distant memory and in time it'll disappear completely. But he knows whatever way this all ends Castiel will be the one who caused it and yet Dean will never be able to blame him no matter how hard he tries. Castiel saved his life, he went against orders to kill him and even now he sits beside Dean protecting him, trying to fix the mess he unknowingly created.
Bobby's knife slices through the carpet after a few random stabs at the fabric. Dean grabs the edge of it and lifts the carpet from the floor inch by inch until he sees the wooden flooring beneath. He pushes the carpet over and Ellen and Jo roll it up. Bobby stomps his foot down on the wood until he hears a mental clang from beneath them. "Pass me the hammer." Dean drags the sledgehammer across the floor and hands it to Bobby. The sledgehammer is rusted showing how unprepared they really are. "Stand back." Bobby raises the hammer then drops it back down. The sound of metal hitting wood makes the entire room vibrate as if the floor is going to fall out beneath them. The wood splinters and Dean tries not to flinch with every smack.
He rips his hands from his ears, his eyes burn as grace blurs his eyes, suffocating the world in a white glow.
Shuffling, Dean settles against the floor. The old duvet Ellen had given to him itches against his skin and the blanket beneath him does little to protect him against the cold wooden floor. He tries to suppress the shiver that crawls its way up his spine. He shifts his head against his pillow with a sigh. Finally being able to have a normal night after what feels like a lifetime of nothing but pain and panic is almost a miracle.
The ledge holding him is as wide as a single foot and with all the grip of black ice. It leads right around the building, some sort of architect's decoration, smooth dark granite against dyed beige concrete walls. Most certainly it was never designed to be walked on, never to take even the weight of a group of pigeons let alone a teenager. Dean looks down. "Cas!" He screams again. The people on the sidewalk are as big as the little soldiers he and Sam used to play with. There's no use shouting, no one will hear him. Dean crouches down, his stomach lurching at the sight below him and begins crawling across the ledge.
Uriel's eyebrows narrow into a glare. "Don't make the mistake of thinking you have any idea on how to run heaven or my soldiers. Have you been told about why you have tainted grace? It's angel folklore, a fairytale of a hybrid fixing heaven destroying the unfaithful and unpure. Do you really think you're up to the task?" Uriel's voice is like a snake curling around his throat. It hisses in his ear slithering into his brain. "How would you know about impure angels? Who gives you the right to say what we were designed for? Are you going to let Castiel tell you what to do? Who to kill?"
Dean opens his mouth but nothing comes out. Bobby's right. Cassie was injured because of him, he let his guard down. The angels wouldn't waste their time killing her.
The angel nods more to himself than to Dean as he avoids any form of contact. "I understand." He mumbles. Dean nods curtly as if to assert his words into the air, to wrap them around both of them and to seep into their skin. He then turns on his heels keeping his eyes on the floor and his feeling closed, any memory of last night being forced away into the back of his mind. But before Dean can reach the door and escape Castiel grabs his arm, holding him back.
Sam watches in silence as Dean moves around the room collecting his clothes and putting them into his duffel.
Talking to himself was never a habit he picked up on but his currently overworked mind has no problem with telling himself what a dumb ass he is for even suggesting the whole thing, and he regretfully realises that Sam was right and that the trip is too far for one car ride. The sky is already turning auburn and they've only been on the road for four of the sixteen hours. He's too tired for this, but he will sell his left nut before he gives Sam any bragging rights.
"Well, you're not trying hard enough!" Dean yells. "No wonder I'm still cursed, I'm relying on a useless angel to kill the bitch that's still out there!" A flash of pain flickers over Castiel's face for a brief moment before his eyes turn stony. "If you had told me what you were doing in the first place I wouldn't have to spend my time sorting out your mess!" He growls stepping closer to Dean. Sam glances between them with a guilty expression, holding his hands up in surrender to draw their attention. "I thought it would be best if you didn't know Dean, she could have some control over you or something." The look on Dean's face is a mixture of anger and confusion. He isn't stupid that whole sentence might as well have come from Castiel's mouth with how artificial it sounds. Dean knows that 'I thought' is actually 'Cas thought'. Dean glares at Sam's kicked puppy expression and turns to Castiel. "This was you wasn't it!" He shouts. Dean knows he's overreacting but he can't help it, he feels so betrayed and he can't seem to calm down. Castiel actually has the nerve to look shocked when Dean asks him and easily sounds offended when he speaks. "Sam came to me with the idea and I agreed that it would be best if you didn't know." Dean scowls at the angel and huffs before turning around to face away from them both.
Dean pushes open the door to Bobby's spare room and tries not to cringe too hard when it slams against the wall. The room is just as he remembers and he now understands why the rest of Bobby's house feels so cold. This room where Sam and Dean used to live and play, holds all the life and warmth that the rest of the house is missing. He looks around in amazement. Light brightens it trying to entice him in. This was their little room.
It's barely a minute before he's answered and a full black suit shows up in front of him accompanied by a snarky British accent.
He sighs, closing his eyes. He can feel blood dripping down his face and his ribs feel bruised. "Yeah, yeah I'm fine. Help Bobby." The angel hesitates but walks over to Bobby and pulls him to his feet, healing his injuries in one swift movement.
Sam enters the room, in his usual plaid shirt and blue jeans, with a gun in hand. "Dean?" He calls and sighs in relief when he sees me. "Good to have you back Cas." He says and looks from Dean to me and back again. "I'll just go get some food," Sam announces and steps out of the room. Dean stays in his place on the floor beside the couch and stares at me, almost marvelling at my vessel. I glance back down at him and an image flashes into my mind of the 'Dean' from my imagination and my breathing halts. "Welcome back Angel." He grins and pulls me into a tight hug. I pull him into my chest just as hard, relishing in the warm feeling. "Dean, may I try something?" I request and lean back, far enough to be able to see his face but not far enough to be comfortable. He nods, a serious expression spreading across his face and I lean in.
"Good. That's good right?" Castiel nods. Dean drops his head into his hands and doesn't bother to force eye contact effectively ending the conversation. Castiel watches him for a couple of minutes longer until he turns to the door.
He can't help it, Dean's head snaps over so fast he's pretty sure he's got whiplash. A woman is briskly walking up to Castiel who is sitting at the bar with a beer waiting in front of him untouched. Her mercury-red hair tumbles over her shoulders as she rests her thin hip against the bar. The woman could be anywhere between eighteen to thirty and all Dean can think is that it's one more thing she's got that Dean doesn't.
"Good." He smiles and begins looking me over like I'm some sort of jigsaw puzzle. I squint at him for a while studying his face, gliding my eyes from his perfectly sculptured jaw along to his flawlessly imprinted lips. "Why is it good?" I ask licking my own dry lips.
"Thanks, Bobby, really. I'm sorry it's just I don't know what's happening and Cas isn't giving me any answers because he can't get through the wards and I don't know if he's safe or..." Dean realises he's been rambling and cuts himself off with a sigh. He quickly glances away before he can see Bobby's knowing look. "He just needs to be here, okay?"
Dean doesn't hesitate. "Yeah, I'll do it." Dean watches as the ball of light rises towards the ceiling his brain barely processing the movement as his eyes roll into the back of his head to try and follow the light.
. Sam had been about seven at the time and Dean twelve, he remembers because that was the year his dad had given him his first gun. They had been driving around for days on end, moving from motel to motel, school to school chasing the yellow-eyed demon. Of course, back then Sam hadn't known about anything supernatural, so he was kept in the dark for that part but for Dean, it had been hell. He had, had to keep track of everything his father had said and done,
Dean's nostrils flare at the wave of possessiveness that rushes through him. He bites the inside of his cheek to keep his grace in check and takes a step closer to Castiel. "Move." He demands. Gabriel shrugs, raising his hands in fake surrender and snaps his fingers. The sigil disappears from beneath him instantaneously as he steps away from Castiel allowing him to slump forwards. Dean's grace reaches the angel before him and caresses Castiel's being, holding him midair until Dean is by his side.
client?" The officer attempts a glare and nods. "Yes, apparently so." Dean sighs and flicks through the folder memorising the reports, scanning the photos, until something catches his eye. "She has a sister?"
Castiel pauses before he lifts his hand off of Dean's chest and drops it to his side. He studies Dean for a moment as he begins clawing at the bed beneath him before Castiel cautiously raises his hand to unbutton the first button on his shirt. Dean watches, entranced, as he seems to move in slow motion, each button revealing a new patch of beautiful skin. Castiel continues undoing his shirt, pulling it down his arms and past his lean stomach until he's shirtless. Dean's fingernails dig into the bed covers, trying to ignore the voice in his head that's telling him to get on his knees in front of this man, this angel, and do whatever he asks.
"-and he's really cold." He glances at Deans face that seems to be more peaceful now and unclasps his hands. However, this time, the sound of wings echo in the room and Castiel appears on the opposite side of the bed, trench coat and all.
As the sunlight dims outside Bobby's anxiety only continues to grow. He watches the flicker of Dean's eyes as his pupils move rapidly under the lid. He had asked Castiel to ensure Dean had a dreamless sleep but he's sure the angel hasn't succeeded by the way Dean keeps jerking, his face twisting into a cringe every so often. Bobby tries not to frown so hard at Dean's sleeping form but he can't help it every time he glances over at him.
Dean feels the grace slip, sparks rising from his palms and shooting towards his chest at the same time. The force almost pushes him over and he has to force himself not to flinch, to keep his eyes close and concentrate on the majority of the grace burning his fingertips.
"So he's going to be asleep forever unless we find a cure?" He guesses, trying his best not to panic. "Won't that.. you know..." Kill him goes unspoken but both of them know what he means.
"I don't know, I think there's always been something there, you know? But Bobby doesn't really have the job where you can settle down." Dean turns to look at her, frowning.
The wooden floor groans as Bobby lands on top of it. He coughs then curses, a snap sounding from beneath him as his foot goes through rotten wood. "God," Bobby walks back into the light. "You can come down it's safe, just...watch the floorboards." Jo and Ellen descend first and follow Bobby through.
"Oh." Is all Castiel replies to busy enjoying Deans touch, luckily being sat down otherwise he most likely would have fallen over from going weak at the knees. "Well standing here is much better than getting touched up out there," Dean says gesturing to behind Castiel where groups of bachelor parties are grabbing the girls, dancing on the poles and bachelorette party's doing vice versa or simply lonely men watching them dancing.
Dean nods. It makes sense he supposes. Castiel's grace has been saving him from death. Saving him from a lot of things apparently.
Dean pulls the tie from his mouth as Castiel grinds down harder, pushing Dean into the bed with every movement. He gasps, spreading his legs to get more friction. Licking his way across the side of Castiel's neck Dean grins at the way he makes the angel's breath stutter and kisses up his chin to his lips taking in everything Castiel will give him.
Castiel frowns raising his eyebrow at the boy in front of him. "Food?" He doesn't think a friend has ever asked him out for food let alone a stranger he met barely five minutes ago. The only reason he and Sam were coming out together was because Castiel had spent two hours rehearsing ways to ask him. Dean hand slowly slips from Castiel's shoulder and he awkwardly slides it into his jean pocket. "Yeah, I mean dude you don't have to it was just-"
"So I kept going and then these green lights flash and out of nowhere this witch is in front of me armed to the freaking pulp with hex bags and then two more show up behind me and next thing I know I'm tied to a chair in the dark with candles surrounding me." Dean stops and grabs a beer out of the fridge hoping he doesn't have to continue, he really is too tired for this. But of course, when he turns back around Bobby and Sam are still looking at him expectantly. Dean sighs and pulls one of Bobby's draws open looking for the bottle opener. "So then one of them asked where Sam was-" He pops the lid from his beer in one smooth motion. "And after calling my bluff they begin chanting in Latin and before I know it Sam and Cas show-"
I take into consideration he could be mocking me before I answer and scan his face looking for any trace of amusement. "It's Castiel."
Whatever this curse is doing to him it's the most intense feeling he's ever experienced, somehow Castiel is freaking glowing and not the stupid teen movie type of glow, the full-on angel-hidden-in-a-vessel-could-rip-your-heart-out-at-any-moment type of glow and holy fucking shit Dean might actually do it, he might seriously come in his pants in a room with his brother and best friend.
The flashing of the Impala's headlights is enough to give him the information he needs as the light glares off of at least ten sets of eyes. Flashes of yellow and red shine in response to the light but they don't move.
Sam is the first to notice him and Dean grins at his brother as he watches Sams hair bounce through the crowd of people as he runs up to Dean, throwing his arms tightly around him and nearly knocking him over with the force of his bear-hug.
He turns around and tries not to stare too hard at the way the golden light caresses Castiel's features. "Okay." He pushes his bedroom door open before he has the chance to change his mind and walks in, sitting down on his bed. The angel follows in behind him and sits beside him.
The bookcases are curving under the weight of the old volumes. The shelves are cheap fibreboard built by hand, more equipped for novels rather than the heavy words of philosophers. Busted lamps hang from old piping, wires braided into the cracked ceiling. The dust has collected everywhere as far as the eye can see, spider webs intertwined loosely around books, dirtied shelves and stands. Every time Dean so much as touches a book dust floats lazily into the air causing him to cough aggressively and every step puts more of it into the air.
"Wanna go up there?" Dean asks, standing beside him looking up at the Ferris wheel. Castiel grins up at him. "Race you there." Dean grins back at him. "3," They both ready themselves as Sam is moved to the front of the line. "2," The operator opens the side door. "1!" Both of them race forwards, leaping past the people waiting in line and jumping onto the metal flooring. Castiel giggles uncontrollably as he sees Dean slowly fall behind him. The taste of victory is on the tip of his tongue.
The hunter's eyes soften for the briefest of seconds and in that moment he almost looks shocked at himself as he removes his boot off of the host's bruised face. Castiel lets out a sigh of relief.
and sighs. He doesn't think he can even remember the last time he went to sleep before 3 am. Sam's footsteps vibrate obnoxiously loud through the floorboards as he walks and Dean is almost tempted to shout at the cheap wooden floorings because of it. Dean watches as his brother shoves his gun into his duffel bag and moves towards the bed. "Woah, woah! What are you doing?" Dean asks leaning back on his elbows. Sam jumps his eyes blinking lazily at him for a good minute before replying with, "I thought you were asleep?" Dean drags a hand down his face and points towards the ceiling before letting it fall back onto the bed. Ignoring his brothers inquiry. "The light Sam. You know the rules, the last one up turns out the light." He mumbles and turns over to face away from the almost searing brightness. Sam sighs. "Yeah, yeah." He says, hitting the light and casting the room into darkness. Dean's eyes ache with sleep and it's only a matter of minutes before he succumbs to it.
To keep it short the impact had killed both of his parents and put him and Sam into the hospital with more than a few severe injuries, and for his fifteenth birthday, Dean had gotten the gift of being attached to a life support machine.
A spray of bullets tears through the line of windows, striking a side wall, shattering a set of fluorescent lights.
"I'm afraid there's too much here you don't understand. I don't want to control heaven, I'm protecting the life of a human, as we were designed to do."
Dean frowns. "So what I'm immortal until it eventually flushes itself out of my system?" Castiel shrugs noncommittally. "Not immortal but I suppose your healing rate will be accelerated." Bobby raises an eyebrow at him. "Explains why you didn't bleed out from your wounds."
Dean decides the truth is the best way to get the guy to trust him so he tries to tell him in the most trustworthy voice he can muster, "I'm Dean Winchester." The man raises an eyebrow disbelievingly and lets out a weak chuckle. "You from a reality show or something?" Dean smiles at him and shrugs. "Heh, I wish buddy. Can you tell me your name?" His eyes follow the chains wrapped around the man and see's a large amount of dried blood around his wrists and down his arms probably from trying to escape. "..Jake." The guy says after a slight hesitation. Jake smiles innocently at him, but unwillingly he realises he's still going to need to make sure Jake is actually Jake and follows his gut instinct by presenting his silver knife.
Dean holds the phone between his ear and shoulder while cocking the hammer of his gun, so he's ready for a surprise attack. "Dean, don't dive into this. You don't know what you're up against, you're not prepared! Just wait until I get there." Sam tries to convince Dean, as he shuffles around in their motel room, packing guns and knives into his duffel. "Sam calm down. I can handle this, it'll be a piece of cake. As you said it's probably just a ghost or something." Dean assures, inching forwards to try and see what's on the other side or, at least, catch a glimpse of whatever he's up against. "Dean no- Stop-" The shuffling through the phone becomes clearer and the sound of the impala starting up rumbles low in the background. Dean steps out into the middle of the archway, gun in one hand and demon knife in the other.
"Sam! Dean!" Dean bolts forwards gasping at the air and coughing at the rush of oxygen that attacks his lungs. He covers his mouth with his hand barely managing to keep down the bile that threatens to crawl up his throat. He squints, his eyes aching with the effort to keep open. Why's it so bright? Dean reaches around blindly as his eyes adjust to the light. His legs are covered with something warm and soft and the room he's sat in is humid and smells familiar.
"Where are we?" The car skids on the road as Bobby glances back at him. "You're awake." Dean shakes his head, grabbing onto the back of the chair to pull himself up. "Of course I am. I'm fine." Bobby's hands tense on the wheel, gliding across them in a caress that reminds him too much of John and Dean has to look away.
After four hours alone Dean's seriously running out of things to do. He's already watched every channel at least once and has succeeded in binge-watching 'Dr. Sexy' (even though he'll deny it on his death bed).
At this, both Dean and Bobby look at Castiel. He never did explain that part. The angel glances between Dean and Bobby. "They are finishing their mission." He says, keeping his eyes trained on the floor. Dean frowns at him, his eyebrows knitting together in frustration.
Within seconds the two are laid across a spare table in the back room, biting and licking at each other's skin. The heat is just below bearable in the room from the cheap spotlight lights and the props keep falling down but its nothing other than amazing. Dean unbuttons each button on Cas' shirt stripping it from his body and grinding on him, earning him a deep throaty moan. Castiel claws at deans leather waistcoat and pulls it from his arms, revealing more and more of his tanned and muscular body. He voluntarily removes his leather bottoms himself showing a fully naked structure. Castiel pulls back to admire the view in front of him. "Commando?" He quirks an eyebrow and looks down towards Deans half hard c0ck. "Yeah, you know in case I met a good-looking businessman." Dean shrugs and winks, attaching his mouth back to Castiel's and unbuttoning the belt of Cas' bottoms before pushing them to the floor.
Sam shrugs, an awkward half smile on his lips as he speaks. "I finished early so I was gonna see if Cas was still here but when I couldn't find him I rang you but... What are you doing?" Sam asks looking his brother up and down.
"Well, what the hell are you doing boy? I'm getting calls from all across Illinois about werewolf attacks." Bobby huffs and as if on cue the muffled sound of a phone rings in the background and Bobby mutters under his breath. "Isn't there any other hunters? Me and Sam just got off the road." Dean asks somewhat selfishly and watches out of the corner of his eye as Sam lazily puts his coat back on. They're going to have to go anyway.
However, Dean doesn't seem to notice or care abut the woman's face and almost automatically reaches for one of the chocolates with a predatory look glazing his eyes. Castiel glances at everyone in the room before hesitantly taking one himself. He stares blankly at it, curiously place it in his mouth with a confused tilt of his head and slowly begins to chew. The woman's look is expectant when she turns to Sam and he reaches for the box however the low growl that comes from his brother's throat makes him pull his hand away in fear of getting it bit off.
The rumble of jealousy that crawls its way up Dean's throat surprises him because firstly, this is Sam he's talking to here; the most flirting Sam does is when he's trying to bribe old ladies into giving him some useful information for a case and secondly this is Cas, Dean's best friend -as he keeps so constantly reminding himself- it's not as if Sam and Cas are better friends than he and Cas are.
Dean hears a groan come from to the left of him. Ancitif coughs up a spray of blood and barely manages to keep himself upright with the force of it. Dean limps over to the bloody mess on the floor that only moments ago had been an intimidating adversary. Dean is trying not to stare at the demon's nose but he finds that his eyes keep diverting to it. One moment he's looking at swollen eyes and the next they're resting on the bloody mess that had been a perfectly ordinary nose only moments before. He looks grotesque.
He watches Sam blink slowly at the book in front of him and sighs. Obviously, Sam didn't get as much sleep as Dean thought he had. Castiel shrugs. "Not necessarily Dean, during one hundred years she could have travelled across the world unnoticed especially in the time period that she was in."
It takes a few seconds for their brains to translate the image they see as reality. The carefully ordered collection has been completely ransacked. The filing cabinet is thrown open and the contents are strewn like ugly confetti over the hardwood. The bookshelves lay bare, their previous contents in haphazard piles on the floor. Even the family portraits are roughly smashed into the floor, their frames ripped apart and photos tossed to one side. Whoever had been here was desperate to find something.
Castiel smirks and rolls his hips forwards. "And I'm utterly indifferent to sexual orientation, so we don't have a problem." Dean moans at the friction and reaches up to grab Castiel's hips, pulling them closer. Castiel's bare chest against Dean's clothed one is like torture, a fire setting him alight and forcing him into a mad frenzy of kissing, biting and pulling, doing everything in his power to get the angel closer.
"Oh and Dean," Sam stops in his tracks and turns to face his brother. "Yeah?" Dean stands, taking a gulp from his beer and watches Sam shift awkwardly on the spot. "Just- just try not to do anything stupid. Maybe something good will come from this, you know?" He smiles and saunters off down the hallway. Dean rolls his eyes with a smile and walks over to the fridge looking for any sign of food. "Hey, and you never know," Sam shouts suddenly from somewhere down the hallway. "If this lust thing gets out of hand, maybe Cas could be your new gay thing?" Dean flushes and covers his face with the fridge door trying to disappear from his embarrassing existence. He flips off Sam and leans against the fridge empty-handed once his brother has left.
Dean has learnt a lot of things in the past hour. One, that Castiel can be a complete dick when he wants to and he will be one without hesitation. Two, that the curse is extremely fucking ridiculous and selective when it comes to when, where and what it reacts to. And three that he is really fucking hungry.
"You don't remember me do you?" Dean shrugs and studies her face for a moment before replying. "Don't know if I mentioned I was in a car crash that nearly killed me about a month ago? Sorry if I'm a bit forgetful." To his surprise Jo doesn't flinch instead she squints at him as if trying to figure him out and reaches over to take a sip of his drink. "I'll take that as a no."
He feels the aggression slip from Dean's body as his movements become less forceful and more comforting. Castiel snakes his hands up Dean's back, sliding over his neck until he can place two fingers either side of Dean's head. He feels Dean fight the power radiating from Castiel's hands but it's not enough to overpower the angel. His eyes glow a pure light blue, illuminating Dean's face as he pulls away from Castiel. Dean's eyes roll back into his head, his eyes shutting as if being pulled down by weighs. His mouth drops open as if to speak before his whole body turns limp and falls on top of Castiel.
Castiel feels a shiver run down his spine in what he hopes is excitement and turns around. The sun shows him the outline of a tall and well-sculpted body. Apparently, Sam worked out a lot more than he put on. Also, did he get a haircut and is that a leather jacket? He thought Sam was against that sort of stuff? Castiel squints and brings his hand up to cover his eyes from the sun. The shadows reveal a pair of bright green eyes, tanned skin and short dark blonde hair. He frowns because this person is most definitely not Sam. "Hello?" He replies already reaching for his phone in case he needs to call for help. He doesn't want this to turn into another taken film there's already enough of them in the world.
Dean rolls his shoulders, stretching underneath the covers to try and disperse some of the tension building there.
wake you up. If you were to fall asleep during this... stage, it could be very harmful to you." He explains solemnly.
Bobby frowns. "You think he has some sort of repressed anger towards you?" Bobby doubts it, he's seen the way Dean gravitates towards the angel, finding comfort in his presence. Yet Castiel has been the cause of a lot of Dean's pain. Covering things up and lying are two things that Dean doesn't take lightly, he would be lying if he said Dean doesn't have a reason to be angry with Castiel. He refuses to believe for a second that Dean would forget the pain anytime soon.
Castiel spins around on the seat with a smile and grabs Dean's collar pulling him towards his lips. "Very much." Dean closes the space between them pulling him into a deep open mouthed kiss.
Castiel huffs, trying to keep his patients and looks up to the sky, momentarily admiring the stars and almost invisible clouds. "In case you try to kill me," He begins sarcastically. "Or because I want to know who invaded my hot tub at-" He glances at his watch. "Nine pm."
The mere thought of going any further makes his chest tighten and he can barely catch his breath as it is. Dean rests his head against the steering wheel his breath coming out in harsh staggering breaths. The anger thumps behind his eyes hitting him, again and again, leaving a burning sensation running through his blood. His body is screaming at him, aching as his bones tighten leaving uncomfortable knots throughout his body. Until suddenly he snaps. His hands slam against the wheel, punching it to try and disperse the anger flowing through him. He's screaming but he can't hear it as if he's watching himself from outside. A faint buzz of noise creeping from within the Impala as it's beaten and abused.
Castiel finally answers with an ambiguous twist of lips. "I believe it's the curse." Sam lets out a quiet groan and pushes a hand through his hair. "So what, unless we get him out of here, he's going to rob this woman?" Sam asks almost curiously as if he's considering testing the theory. Castiel nods as if to say more or less and his eyes move to the table like he's trying to find what Dean's looking at. "Come on I'm not
Dean just about catches his eye roll and walks out of the motel door. Sam can say what the hell he likes but they both know Dean is his only real mode of transport, so unless Sam's going to catch a bus, or walk 15 miles to get into town, he's not going anywhere without the impala. "Look Sammy I just wanna see Bobby, okay? And anyway sixteen-hours isn't that long we've been on longer car trips remember." Dean persists once Sam has followed him outside.
"God I hate that guy, he gives me the creeps," Charlie says flicking through her phone and tapping on the screen. "Yeah me too, sonovabitch thinks he owns everything." Dean agrees running a hand lazily through his hair. "You want me to come on your little scavenger hunt for the hot IT guy?" Charlie asks wiggling her eyebrows suggestively at Dean, her flashlight shining in both of their eyes. Dean pulls a face at her, shaking his head and grabbing the flashlight out of her hand. "Nah I think you're needed up here, and stop trying to set me up with people who I actually have to work with!" He shouts as he walks down the hallway,
For the rest of the night, the world turns into a blur of violent quivers and silent sobs only being interrupted by his need to breathe.
"Lisa..." He pauses. "She makes you happy?" Castiel asks, his hands twitching by his sides as he keeps his eyes trained on Dean's shoulder. "I-um.."
Dean jolts awake. Pain throbs so violently around his skull that he wonders why it doesn't just crack open. He brings a hand up to his face, rubbing at his eyes with a groan. Nausea overwhelms him and he has to press his knuckles into his eyes just to numb the feeling of bile threatening to come up his throat. "That explosion will have alerted every supernatural creature within a thousand miles."
Sam glances up at the neon pink sign hanging above the door. The sign reads 'The Captain's Spirit' spelt out in large spiral swirls. He and Castiel walk side by side and behind Dean and Jake in an attempt to keep the two creatures separated. The door creaks with effort as Dean pushes it open to reveal the deserted diner. The only people available are old women and the occasional trucker stopping in to get some coffee. Sam grimaces at the sight of the dingy seating and greasy food. It's practically Dean's heaven. The four of them walk up to the counter to be greeted by a woman in her late fifties. "What do you want?" She asks, slapping her chewing gum around her mouth as she speaks. Her grey hair falls messily on her head resembling a poodle in its frizzy state. Dean throws on his best smirk and leans against the counter. "Three of your best burgers and one meal fit for my gigantic rabbit of a brother."
"They're going to kill him in front of you," She coughs, choking on his grace. "You'll have to watch and then they'll kill you."
And suddenly the world isn't so perfect. Blood is covering Dean's hand when Sam lets go of him and the blood won't stop, it's pouring out of Sams' nose, it's falling onto the floor and seeping through his clothes and Sam is just stood there, staring at him, calling his name. "Dean?" Dean refuses to look away, even as his lip trembles and his shoulders heave with emotion, unwilling to back down.
After a matter of seconds, the pill starts dissolving from my saliva and I plead that he will hurry with my drink so I can get rid of the revolting atom taste. He hands me yet another plastic cup, this one full with water. I gulp it down swallowing the dissolved pill and I'm left with a dry taste in my mouth. I scrunch up my eyes in disgust.
Then he can see nothing at all. His consciousness is floating through an empty space filled with a thick static. Throughout the inky space, his body floats alongside the watery air. All feeling in his body draining away until finally, all is black.
Dean looks down at the boy and feels the sympathetic smile form on his face. "Hey kid, you alright?" He asks.
Dean sighs, his face burning red with exhaustion. Castiel had announced that in order to give them more time he'd need to brand Dean with a protective ward, one that will make him impossible to find. "I thought you said it wouldn't hurt?" He winces, lifting himself onto his elbows and glaring at Castiel. Castiel glares back, his nerves getting the better of him. "It's not supposed to." He snaps, dropping his hands on either side of Dean and sitting back. Dean bites the inside of his cheek trying to swallow down his next spiteful remark.
The man has stopped packing away his items and is watching him with black lifeless eyes. "You're pathetic. And you call yourself a hunter?" Dean's fist lands before he can think and sends the other man flying back into the cabinet behind him. A pained grunt comes from one of them but he can't tell who. His knuckles burn and someone is calling his name, grabbing at his arms, chest and neck. His legs burn with unformed bruises and his head feels like it's on fire. But he can't focus enough to give up and drop to the floor because he's not by the counter anymore he's in one of the aisles and there's a body in front of him curled in a ball. His lungs ache, he wants to stop.
Dean moves his hand to grab Castiel's hair, pulling at it as Castiel mewls. His thrusts speed up with the added pain and he starts hitting Dean's prostate with every movement. Dean arches and clenches around Castiel.
Ignoring the pain in his thigh, the blood seeping from the cut in his left arm Dean tries to move as quickly as possible. However before he can stand fully, one of the demons grabs his foot and pulls him to the ground. Dean knocks down one of the 1940s menu boards and quickly grabs each side, using the edge to strike the demon's balding head. It doesn't flinch and instead crawls up closer and hits him in the V under his ribs. Instantly the blow paralyses his diaphragm and he gasps, doubling over and then falling forward. His eyes drop to check on Bobby and then dart back up.
"Gave me a hell of a nightmare one time when I thought a minotaur was gonna get me in my sleep." He chuckles and glances at Sam. His brother smiles back at him and Dean gestures to the now unwrapped chunk of led in Sam's hands. "Don't drop that we'll need it to make sure the bitch stays dead. Well, we might, it all depends on how well I can remember the lore." Sam sighs. "Guess I better call Bobby then." He fishes for his phone and pulls it out of his pocket. "Oh and have you got any news from Cas yet?" Dean shakes his head and sits down in the chair across from his brother. "No, nothing yet. We went to her sister's house but she refused to talk so I sent Cas back there to see if he could get anything out of her." Sam nods thoughtfully and glances around the room.
Dean catches Sam rolling his eyes and smirks; he knows he's being petty but he didn't want to do this case in the first place so it's his right as the older brother to bitch and moan until Sam decides to give up with this dead-end case. Travelling all the way to Kentucky was not his idea of a good day but after a lot of persuading, aka Sam droning on like a broken record, Dean finally caved.
They both turn to face the room with a grin, Sam looking over the top of everyone's heads using his ginormous structure to watch the guests movements and Dean searching for the one face he hasn't seen all day. "Sam," Dean says lifting his head up to get a clearer view. "Yeah?" Sam replies twirling his beer bottle between his fingers. "Where's Cas?" Dean asks, his smile disappearing when Sam doesn't answer straight away. Dean turns to face Sam who's robotically searching the room in faux interest. "Well, not here..." Sam finally answers once again avoiding all eye contact. Deans frowns tempted to ask what the hell is Sams problem but decides he doesn't have time to coax his brother into telling him so instead stands up and walks into the crowd of people once again.
A booming crack almost deafens them as Castiel pulls the door up and off in one smooth movement. Blood rushes to Dean's ears and he can't tear his eyes off of Castiel. He can feel the grace in the air as it stabs at his skin. His body is overwhelmed with it, his knees almost buckling under the weight of it. Dust shoots into the air like a grey spray of fireworks.
He breaches him slowly, watching the man's expression the whole time to look for any hint of pain and then he's inside. Castiel sighs as he watches his cock disappear inside of Dean, trapping him and sucking him in.
"Yeah, go for it," Dean replies. Naomi's movements are purposeful and professional as she clicks her pen to life and flips to a new page in her notepad. "Do you remember your full name?"
After a few more minutes of trying to scare everyone with stories about witches, the guide leads them down a set of steps, hewn into the rock, and they arrive in the 'Witches kitchen'. The room is more like a large chamber, opening out around a subterranean river, its clear, glassy water lit from beneath the surface and glowing gold and green. The guide moves to shine his torch onto a large misshapen rock, close to the water and claims that it's the witches ashes. Sam, of course, is not convinced, the thing looks more like a deformed potato.
Castiel shuffles closer and idly Dean wonders if the angel is scared of him now, hell he's scared of himself. His fears have only doubled after seeing what his grace could become. He's not sure if he's more dangerous in control or out of control. He doesn't want to imagine the damage that thing could do if he was in control. "You did a good job, today Dean."
"Who..." Dean glanced around the empty room. "Who said that?" The ball of light chirped to get Dean's attention and floated around the room in a figure of eight.
Dean sighs. Yeah, definitely embarrassing. "Yeah, yeah. I'm helping." He groans as he stands, walking to stand beside Ellen and grab the towel from beside her.
"Yeah, I can understand that." Castiel agrees, sighing when Dean removes his hand. "Then why do you work here if you obviously don't like it?" Castiel asks almost disappointed at the fact Dean is doing something he doesn't like. "It's easy money." He shrugs keeping a minor smile on his face.
"What you lost the ability to speak?" Dean grumbles snarkily, crossing his arms over his chest. The thought of Cas sends an unpleasant chill down his spine and he hates it, Cas is his best friend, his brother,
"That's all you care about? Who cares what happens to the rest of us as long as the angels have their powers!" Castiel blinks, his mouth opening to speak but Dean continues.
The thought brings back the hollow feeling in his chest as he thinks about how long Bobby must have been alone. John had practically forced them to abandon Bobby around the time Dean was seven or eight, he never knew why. He's now assuming it has something to do with him finding out about the supernatural. He hasn't found the right time to ask.
want to take everything in this house." Sam's eyes widen, his eyebrows shooting up in surprise. "...What?"
One of the bodies beside Dean's feet flinches back to life and black eyes flash in Castiel's direction. "You'll pay for this." The demon warns raising its hand as it tries to stand, to show some form of strength, but it's clear that the host has passed from blood loss and the demon isn't doing much better, littered with stab wounds. If Castiel was in a different place at a different time he might almost feel empathy for the creature before him as it scowls up at him and Dean. Unfortunately, Castiel isn't in that different time and place so instead, he ignores the threats and turns his attention back to Dean. Dean's eyes are already watching him as the hunter strolls forwards, placing his boot on to the demons cheek so that its head hits the floor.
Dean fidgets uncomfortably in the blue cushioned chair and glances around the station's reception with faux interest. According to the blond at the front desk, "All available officers are out on duty," which is just a polite way of saying if it isn't an emergency then he'll have to sit in a cramped, non-airconditioned room until it turns into one.
The door opens after a few well-placed kicks and Dean feels a shiver run down his spine as cold air bleeds out of the almost airtight room. An emergency light flickers on to a weak glow lighting the room in a soft orange and presenting a silver metal floor, standing in front of it a black tunnel-shaped hole with a ladder laid vertically inside as it travels downwards in one solid drop.
After the third month, Bobby had sat them down at the dinner table in the kitchen and said six simple words, "Boys, your dad's not coming back." Dean remembers feeling like he was drowning as he panicked for his and his brother future. Dean wasn't and still isn't proud of what he had done next. He had got up from his chair and shouted at Bobby. Jesus, he screamed at the man. He swore at him, beat against his chest, called him a liar, he hadn't even thought about how Sam had felt at the time, because while Dean was swearing at the man he now thinks of as a father, Sam had sat there in silence. He hadn't shouted or sworn or fought, just sat there. Dean had always wondered if it had been shock that had made Sam stay in his seat or if it was simply that he didn't care if John wasn't going to be in his life anymore. Until John's death, Dean had always thought the latter.
The breath leaves his lungs in one shallow sigh, the shock hitting his body as a sickening feeling forms in the pit of his stomach. Words leave his mind. Blood is everywhere. The once beige wallpaper turned dark from the thick red liquid, the floor ranging from crimson to copper from dried blood. Tables thrown to the side and shattered, chairs hanging out of windows in what looks like an attempt to escape and numerous bodies flung across the floor, covered head to toe in blood. People have been thrown around multiple times until the trauma has become too much, others have been cut from what seems like the inside out and the rest lay across the floor like they've been mauled by wild beasts.
Dean shrugs and slumps down onto his seat. "Still not seeing why I should care Sam." Sam rolls his eyes and leans against the wall. "The only problem is that only two of the witches were hung. The other escaped that day and was never seen again." Dean stops with his beer halfway to his lips and looks at his brother.
He feels Castiel sigh. "I wouldn't ask you to do this if I didn't think you could." Dean closes his eyes. This whole thing, it's too much. There's nothing he won't do to protect Sam but maybe there's a surefire way out of this.
Now that his stomach has finally stopped lurching he feels bruised inside. "I told you not to move your hand." This time it gets a reaction and Castiel glares back. "And I told you I don't take orders from you."
"No, no. It was human. It wasn't on all fours, it was running next to us at the same speed as the car and its eyes were glowing, it was watching me."
He feels his diminishing focus come back to him, the drowsiness now a subtle haze behind his eyes. "You'll have to tell me sooner or later Cas." The angel rubs the back of his neck and walks over to Dean, crouching beside him. Castiel puts the book in his trench coat, still hiding away from Dean. "I wanted to give you one night of peace before you found out."
The house has filled more since him and Sam arrived, most likely because someone told the other cops that FBI are sniffing about, so he is repeatedly interrupted by cop after cop while trying to find Sam. After searching the whole freaking house, he eventually finds his jackass little brother lingering in the hallway
The fear travels through Dean's veins but never makes it to his face. His complexion remains pale and matte, his eyes as steady as if he were reading a book. He lets out a slow breath, refusing to let his panic show on his face. Ancitif grin only deepens. "They'll find him and kill him, just so you know. In fact, Bobby over here will be the first to go I'll make sure of that."
The air is pushed out of his body in one quick movement as he hits the floor. His eyes fly open in blind confusion at the force holding him down. Someone's call his name but his ears are ringing with the shadows of his dreams. The weight on his chest presses down harder and his hands unclench around the object his holding onto the sound of metal hitting the floor reverberates off of the walls. His eyes focus and he stares dumbfounded at the man above him. Or should he say the long-haired man above him who looks very much like his little brother holding a gun to his head. "Sammy?" He asks.
All the reasons not to take Castiel up on his offer come flooding in as if his brain just sent them a blanket invitation. He feels the soft panic that can grow or fade depending on what he does next. It will fade if he rejects the offer and backs away, but then what if Castiel is just trying to comfort him? However, it will grow if he lets Castiel watch over him and he knows he'll end up swirling into a vortex of stupidity. Or he can stop avoiding Castiel, turn around and admit he's going to say yes regardless just because Castiel asked him.
. He shakes his head trying to jerk himself back into reality. "Yes! Er...um," He swallows. "This is my room." Dean barely holds back the urge to facepalm. Castiel already knows it's his room.
His hands grip the sheet beneath him as he tries to glances around the room, breathing heavily. Castiel's hand gently grasps his shoulder making him jump and spin around to face him. "Jesus Cas!" He hisses. "What-" He looks around the room, it's small, bleak not as cheap as their usual motel room but the furniture is old and tattered. Even the mattress beneath him is cheap and uncomfortable, the springs forcing their way through the fabrics. "How did we get here?" He finally asks, looking back at the angel in front of him. Castiel watches Dean wearily, his eyebrows knotting together. "I teleported us here, Sam's next door." A breeze slipping in from a hidden hole somewhere in the room sends a shiver up Dean's spine, his body curling in on itself. Castiel's hand warms his own and he frowns at the feeling. The fact that it's not so strange, that he doesn't think it ever was.
. His brother stops in the small gap between the kitchen and living room staring at the green wall with a notepad and pen in his hand. Dean walks up to him, nudging his shoulder. "You find anything?" He asks. Sam points with his pen to a carved wooden box hanging crookedly on the wall. It's out of place in the modern house with its old design and wavering white paint, and the screws are half falling, half hanging out of the wall as if it could collapse at any moment. "Does that look suspicious to you?"
Castiel places his fingers in front of Dean's mouth, who willingly takes them between his lips, making them wet and slippery, coating them in saliva. He thrusts gently into Dean's mouth just to tease him before slowly pulling them out with an obscene pop. Castiel kisses his way down Dean's body, swallowing his cock effortlessly as he slides a slick finger into his hole.
, maybe one that involves them finding the Chimaera and having Cas by their side while they gank it, or maybe a fourth option that reminds him of how much of an asshole he is for wanting to go on a hunt when he had a perfectly easy time sitting around at Bobby's waiting for this whole "curse" thing to blow over.
"I-I-I'm so-shit." Dean's whole face glows with guilt, looking like a cornered animal as he slowly backs away. Castiel raises his hands to try and steady him but before he had a chance to speak Dean's already fled the room and disappeared out the door.
he just showed up, out of nowhere?" Dean nods, flinching at the accusation in Bobby's voice. "He...he saved me." Dean answers. Castiel may have lied to him but he did everything he could to get them out of the hospital and keep Sam safe. For all Dean knows Castiel could be paying the price for it.
Dean glances up and his stomach lurches at the sight of bodies littering the floor. They lie like dolls over the checkered ceramic, limbs at awkward angles and heads held in such a way that they cannot be sleeping. Each of them are grey-tinged regardless of race, blue-lipped with blank stares. The bodies once storing the souls of people are now abandoned shells, the souls forced out and abandoned by the demons and left to rot in the open. Dean's legs falter as he walks towards the nearest body.
Gabriel raises his eyebrow at him condescendingly, his smirk stretching wider across his face as he assesses the human in front of him. Dean watches as amusement crosses over the angels face clearly contemplating whether or not he wants to comply with the demand. Gabriel's eyes glance to Castiel then back to Dean before he pushes Castiel away causing the angel to stumble and Dean's entire body flinches forwards. Gabriel catches Castiel, his eyes sparklingly cruelly. "Unless you want me to drop him I think I'll stay where I am."
He waits a few seconds nodding for Sam to follow his lead before standing up and carefully walking into the house making sure to move fast enough so that he can't be attacked but slow enough so that he can shoot anything that jumps out at him. Sams stood right behind him holding his gun out far enough so that Dean can see the tip of it in his peripheral vision, a subconscious movement he's done since he was a thirteen-year-old going on his first hunt. Dean gestures for Sam to scope out the room while he looks for Cas. They nod at each other in confirmation.
Dean nods sternly, "You're damn right we're not." And turns back to look at the road, desperately trying to find a motel for them to stay in so that their conversation will be over as quickly as possible. Trees, trees, ote? What the hell is a...
Immediately Dean forces his foot down on the door handle and with as much force as he can muster kicks the door into the wolf.
He squints around him and catches Castiel's eyes. He can see realisation plainly contorting the angel's face but about what he doesn't know. Ellen steps forward. "Are you okay?" Dean tries not to read too much into the way she purposely doesn't touch him. Dean waves her off and leans forwards, pushing himself up. He stumbles slightly but Castiel is instantly at his side to catch him. Dean tries not to lean too heavily on him. "Thanks." He mumbles.
, he thinks he can't remember a time when he hasn't wanted to kiss Castiel and be as close as humanly possible to him.
Dean turns away silencing the doubt in his mind with the running of the showerhead. He sits on the edge of the bathtub staring at his own warped reflection. His top lip sneers at the face staring back at him before he chooses to not stare any longer. Dean pulls off his clothes kicking them across the floor and stepping into the shower.
Dean frowns as the mirror calls to him. His already outstretched hand reaches further and presses against the mirror. At first, the crack in the glass is small, barely the length of a hairpin. It shines almost bluish in the sunlight. Before Dean can blink the crack accelerates branching like a drunk spider's web before imploding. The breaking glass meets no resistance and suddenly the light is pouring out, blinding him and his surroundings dry and crack like desert ground.
?" Dean laughs, smoothly leaning in and placing his hand on Castiel's cheek his thumb stroking the outline of his bottom lip. "Yeah, you." His eyes glance down at Castiel's lips the slight height difference making it seem as if Dean is towering over him. He places his hands on Castiel hip, moving closer and tilting his head. He pauses moments before Castiel's lips giving him the opportunity to back out.
Bobby glances over at Dean's sleeping form once more, fighting the urge to check the wound he knows is already healed. He had tried to wash off as much blood as he could but Dean's arms and stomach are still littered with specks of dried blood, his shirt still soaked in it but Bobby couldn't move him without Dean wincing in pain.
Before Dean can voice his thoughts Sam answers. "He thought it would be best if we talk alone." He scowls lightly at how easily Sam can read him but brushes it off since Sam is no less pissy than he was a minute ago. "Dean-" Dean couldn't stop the eye-roll that his body performs even if he tried, this is Sam's 'I-know-things-are-difficult-so-lets-talk' voice, which of course means a chick flick moment is about to throw itself at Dean like it's metal and he's a magnet.
Castiel tries to hide the warm feeling that grows in his chest by shovelling more ice cream into his mouth. The movement makes his stomach clench as if mimicking bagpipes and he nearly doesn't swallow it.
But he doesn't need to imagine for too long before his face appears in front of him in a bathroom mirror. Jesus, he looks like shit. Luckily the thought of how he will probably never get laid again if anyone finds out about tonight leaves his mind as his stomach twists again and the remainder of his food is retched into the sink. He wipes at his mouth and crouches down next to the sink, sitting back so he's leaning against it. This sucks. His head spins with the urge to eat, to throw up to-
Castiel has stayed by Dean's side since he passed out. Bobby thinks that's the first time he's seen fear on the angel's face. Castiel had carried Dean from outside, a metal pipe sticking out from Dean's stomach. Blood had poured out in time with Dean's erratic heartbeat and he knew it went through an artery, impossible not to with the size of the wound. Bobby had shouted, "What the hell happened?"
So Dean decides it's his turn. "How long has he been doing this?" He asks, keeping his eyes set on the counter. Ellen's mouth twitches as if she wants to smile but can't quite make it.
Carefully Castiel stands, pulling Dean up with him, refusing to release his wrist even as Dean stumbles out of the booth. Castiel takes a few small steps back, pulling Dean's wrist until he's stood behind him hidden from sight.
There isn't a thing accelerating, breaking or hand-breaking can do and there's no time to jump out of the car. The headlights from the on-coming cars is blinding and drawing even closer. Then a hand reaches forwards palm raised in a stopping gesture. Recoiling, Dean folds his arms over his head. Sweat drenches his skin, the throbbing of his eyes, ringing screams violently in his ears and his heart thumps in his chest. His head slams against the door as he's thrown in the opposite direction and then suddenly everything is silent. The only sound is the rapid flooding of oxygen in and out of his lungs.
He refuses to believe she knew about it. Arguing she probably witnessed the yelling. But abusing Dean? He knows she wouldn't have allowed it. He can't believe John even did it. The thought makes Bobby curl his hands into fists.
"Yeah, I know what I saw." At Castiel's confused look he adverts his eyes. "He stabbed me with it, so I got a pretty close look." He laughs, mirthless.
"Well, that depends on if you tell me why you're chained up." Dean shrugs and sits down in front of the creature, twirling the knife in his hand. The werewolf may be an A star douche bag and a monster but if Dean killed the guy without so much as an explanation he knows it would just lead to another argument with Sam. The wolf shrugs and his hands go limp against the chains. "I was in a pack in Omaha around fifteen of us all together, but hunters ended that pretty quick, I managed to get away and somehow ended up with the piss poor excuse for werewolves that you just killed."
He raises his eyebrows obviously amused by what I have said but doesn't answer my question, instead, he leans against the cart and continues staring at me. "What's your name?" I ask. He blinks at me for a while clearly not expecting the question before answering with a smirk making my vessel mimic his mood with a smile. "Dean."
Dean waves his hand vaguely at the angel who is now standing in front of him. He swallows, choking on his own saliva as he tries to speak. "No, let's keep going. I just- need-" He splutters.
He knows he shouldn't be scared, he was raised to purposely block out the emotion but it still doesn't stop him from jolting awake in the middle of the night, screaming at invisible monsters.
Castiel turns around to be met by his friend's eyes. "Hey Cas-tiel we're gonna go, okay?" Kevin slurs, hiccuping between words.
Why is it, that whenever a monster wants to hide somewhere, it has to be someplace cold and dark? Why can't they ever pick some place clean? Or at least warm? Even demons have more class for Christ's sake...
The woman smirks, her hair falling delicately behind her shoulder revealing claw marks scarred across her chest. "Yes, well capturing an angel isn't always easy. I had to improvise special precautions." The woman glances down at the floor as she speaks, the smirk disappearing off of her face when she finally looks at Dean. "I can see that your pet has done a thorough job of destroying my hard work." She gestures to the floorboards. "Who are you calling pet, bitch?" Dean snarls. The woman cackles raising an eyebrow at him in careless humour. "I think you need to put a tighter leash on this one."
Cas doesn't reply only pushes a hand through his hair making it even more disorientated than usual and mimics Dean by shrugging his shoulders the movement awkward and unnatural. "Come on Cas you haven't even given me a 'Good Luck' before the wedding speech." Dean laughs half-heartedly the sound coming out forced and unconvincing. He rubs the back of his neck as he waits for Castiel to stop staring at him like he's speaking a foreign language.
As it turns out today was different. It was the best day of Castiel's life. He did things he'd never done before with people he'd never met before and if he plays his cards right he'd be with those people for the rest of his life, with the Winchesters for the rest of his life and God help him he's more than happy to spend that time with Sam and Dean.
"It's Dean he hasn't woken up all day-" Sam rubs soothingly at Deans back when he begins squirming again.
"That what? He was a good dad? Be real Sam, we both know the only reason you aren't saying the truth is because you were a letdown, and never got his approval before he died."
If Dean tells Sam he is freaking out and that he is one step away from turning into freaking Mad Max then that would mean he'd be letting down his duties as Sam's big brother, so he doesn't say anything. Instead, Dean gulps down the rest of his beer in one well-practised movement, chucks the bottle onto the floor and stomps out of the motel room into the rain. He ignores Sam calling for him and throws himself into the impala with a grunt before forcing his foot onto the gas pedal and driving until the motel disappears from his rear-view mirror.
Dean creeps closer making sure to stay in the shadows in the short distance between the building and the stranger. He hides behind a decaying rose bush as the man doesn't seem to notice him and quickly feels the ground around him. Dean's hands skim across wet grass trying to find something sharp that he can use as a weapon. His hand burns as he cuts it on something hard stuck in the ground. In the light of the building, he can just about make out the broken pieces of a discarded brick scattered in front of him. It's not ideal for a weapon as it's sharp edges will cut his hands to pieces but it's available and will protect him if he can get the upper hand.
Dean feels his throat closing up, he chews on his bottom lip in the hope of holding back the tears threatening to flow freely. The music washes over him, barely holding him steady. "Do you hear me?" Dean flinches at the venom being spat at him. He holds his breath, nodding firmly to make sure the movement is seen. "I said do you hear me?" John scowls at him in the rearview mirror and he can feel the icy gaze stab into his chest. He bites the inside of his cheek but it does nothing to calm him, his legs twitch wanting to move. Dean wills his voice not to break as he responds.
Dean growls, blinking rapidly as he swallows down enough fast food to clog his arteries three times over. His throat burns with the effort to keep himself from choking. He doesn't know if he's breathing or when he stopped but his head is beginning to feel fuzzy now as if it weighs too much for his neck to hold up so instead, it drops forwards huddling over his pile of food. Dean inhales deeply as he chews through the greasy coating on the food. Every bite is pure bliss as it fills the giant hole in his stomach even though it only lasts for a second.
Dean rolls pathetically onto his back and looks up, as soon as he does wishing he had stayed on his front. The spotlights hanging from the ceiling shine almost unbelievably bright making an ironic halo around the top of Castiel's head as he holds out his hand for Dean to take. Dean curses internally because someone up there must really have it in for him to do something so unfair as to make Dean look like some sort of damsel.
Castiel jumps when Dean coughs, choking on his own saliva at the sudden realisation that he, Dean Winchester, actually finds this angel, this man,
Dean watches Cas' trench coat disappear from the edge and be replaced with a shiny black shoe as Cas stands up and dangles his foot over the edge. "If you jump I swear to god I will kill you!" Dean yells pointing his index finger at the angel and waving it in warning. Cas sighs, hesitating as he takes one last look at the sunset before appearing in front of Dean with crossed arms. "What?" He asks, turning his intense stare towards Dean.
His grace moves as one singular force rushing towards Castiel with the intention of crushing him beneath its weight. The angel is quick to put out his hand to stop it but the grace splits dodging the force and circling to Castiels sides. It rains down blow after blow and Castiels grace falters slightly taking a few involuntary steps backwards.
Dean's pulled from his thoughts when suddenly Castiel stops his relentless walking, causing Dean to bump into the back of him. He glances up and quickly realises his mistake. Castiel had told him to keep his mind blank but he had thought of Sam.
Castiel stands by the window his eyes steady as he watches the outside world. The frown on his face looks especially deep in the moonlight and Dean feels himself mimic the expression. He wonders what Castiel's expression would change to if he tried to smooth out the lines creasing his face. Dean lifts himself up on to his elbow. "What do you see?" Castiel's eyes follow something for a split second before he replies.
An accusatory frown creases his forehead. "What the hell do you mean? You think I did it on purpose, you think I want this shit inside of me?" He realises he's said the wrong thing when Castiel bristles, his brows drawing together. As he takes a step forwards, Dean takes a step back. "I...I mean, how did I do it? What's inevitable?"
Dean blinks slowly, finally coming to and groaning at what feels like the worst hangover ever hammering inside his head. What the hell. Was he hit over the head with a brick? He rolls his neck and shoulders each joint producing its own new ache. How long has he been sat here for? Groggy and confused, Dean lazily opens his eyes and glances around. "Jesus." He mumbles reaching up to rub his head but wincing when a rough material scratches against his skin. chair rope
"Dean," Castiel moans. "I've been wanted to do this all day." Hot breath skims his neck, then the tender brush of lips. Burning as they make contact with his skin. A hand runs through his hair, as the kisses become harder and more urgent. Another hand sliding around his waist and pulling him close to him. His kisses move down to his shoulders and in his hair. Then down his cheekbones straight to his lips. Their bodies fit together as if they were made just for this, to fall into one another, to feel this natural rhythm. With a laugh, he lifts Castiel right off of his feet grabbing both thighs and wrapping his legs around his waist in one well-practised movement. The friction entices a low moan out of both of the boys as they grind their hips together just to feel that extra pinch of pleasure.
The somewhat hopeful atmosphere is destroyed by Gabriel's condescending laugh. "I'm not taking part in any of heavens disorderly bullshit. I'm not picking sides and I'm definitely not going to help you cause more deaths." Castiel looks affronted by the response, his brows furrowing as he takes a step towards Gabriel.
Dean sighs in defeat as he pulls the cold motel covers higher over his body, rubbing his eyes, the days finally catching up to him and building a dull ache behind them. He glances at the clock:
Castiel pauses for a long time and Dean can't help but shift uncomfortably. "I didn't know when to tell you... Dean when you killed that demon you weren't just using the grace inside you. You were taking grace from me as well."
"Do you feel okay?" Castiel questions tentatively, uncrossing his arms and transforming into a much less intimidating Cas; Dean relaxes and suspiciously scans the angel.
Castiel considers Dean's words before shrugging. "Yes in a way." Dean drags a hand down his face, wiping the cold sweat from his forehead and burrowing back into the scratchy warmth of the bed covers. "Any sign of Bobby?" Dean hears Castiel shuffle on the spot. "He's nearly back, I checked his location while you slept."
He clutches at his upper arm, his fingernails digging into the cloth of his jacket. "I can't believe I had to leave work for you." John lashes out maliciously. Dean picks at his nails, biting harder at the inside of his cheek. John's eyes catch his own and he instantly casts his gaze downwards. Dean tries to stay in place even though his entire body shakes with the effort not to fidget. He swallows down the spike of anxiety and closes his eyes. He tries to focus on breathing slow and steady, breathing in and out.
Castiel watches him cautiously. "Better?" Dean's breath slows back to normal and he swallows hard as he regains control of his emotions. "What the hell was that?" He mumbles, his eyes darting between his brother and the angel. Sam watches him with the same shocked expression, his eyes wide. "It's the- um, it must be the curse." He says. "The next step."
"No, you're not. I can't protect you out there and we don't need any angel's getting a glimpse of you." Dean huffs, his mouth opening and closing a couple of times as he searches for an excuse, for some form of reasoning. "When I'm back we'll make our way back home, okay." Bobby squeezes Dean's shoulder and makes his way towards the door. "Once I have the weapons I promise I'll be right here and we can go back to mine and try to dig you out of this mess." Dean tries not to read too much into the way Bobby's eyes flicker to Castiel when he says the last part. But before Dean can retaliate Bobby pulls the door open and steps out.
The single thought stops him completely. His hands clench the dirt between his fingers to center himself before he turns around sitting on the dirt.
It takes six bullets and the help of both Sam and Jake until finally, it's just them and the alpha. A brief look of fear crosses over the alphas face only to be replaced by recognition as he sees the cause of his failure. "Jake," He growls. "I was under the impression that you were missing your head." Jake grins at the alpha his machete glowing in the moonlight. "Unfortunately your pack isn't as tightly bonded as you thought," He explains, stepping forwards and wiping the blood off of his weapon onto his sleeve. "Seems like I escaped." He smirks. In one fluent movement, his machete is swung upwards and rips through the air.
Dean's entire body vibrates with the movement of the Impala. His hand reaches for the gear stick but Bobby stills his hand. He gestures for Dean to speed up and Dean tries not to close his eyes at the feeling of the Impala gliding effortlessly over the tarmac. He waits for the engine to sound a pitch too high before he changes the gear. The Impala has a mind of its own, he barely needs to put his foot down for her to move, completely responsive to every move he makes. The wind caresses his face with warm heat as they travel down the road. He breathes in deeply as the engine growls, threatening everything in its path.
"What, you having a slumber party and forgot to tell me?" Dean jokes and wiggles his legs to wake them up. "Stop being an idjit and get your ass over here." Bobby grumbles and Dean probably misjudged how awake he really is because as soon as he stands his legs give way underneath him and he barely manages to catch himself. "Perhaps he should rest." Castiel is leaning awkwardly against the door frame with his arms crossed neatly across his chest, wearing the same tanned trench coat and scanning Dean a bit wearily. Dean watches the angel briefly trying to figure out if he had been there the whole time or if he just appeared. He shrugs and grins at Sam and Bobby. "Well if the angel says I need rest, then I need rest, I mean who am I to go against the orders of an angel." He winks in Castiel's direction and begins lowering himself back onto the couch as if not to startle the other men in the room. However, before he can reach the scratchy goodness of Bobby's couch Castiel appears in front of him and touches his arm not even giving him time to registers his movements until he is stood in front of the kitchen table with a dumbfounded look on his face.
It's only then Dean realises he's still gripping Castiel's arm and he quickly drops his hands. He shouldn't touch Castiel it's disgusting he's going to taint him. He flinches and pulls his entire body away from Castiel, jumping up from the bed. "I-I'm sorry." He stutters, feeling the tears fall before he can stop them. "I'm gonna-I-"
"You're not dad!" Sam shouts. "You can't tell me what to do!" Dean see's the twist of guilt in Sam's eyes as soon as the words leave his mouth but it doesn't stop the punch in the gut feeling that hits him.
He almost groans out loud. He wishes he could just project his thoughts to Castiel just to see how the angel will react, for him to know how desperate Dean really is. Just to prove that it can't be the grace not when Dean feels something so strong just from looking at Castiel, he refuses to believe anyone has ever felt the way that he feels.
It's only when the world tilts he quickly realises his mistake. A small gasp leaves his lips as his arms flail in the fading light, gravity pulling him down the hatch.
Castiel touches the blood almost curiously, oblivious to the physical pain he should feel. Both brothers stare at him in shock and Castiel can practically feel the questioning radiating from them. Until suddenly they both burst into action Sam ripping the end of his flannel and holding it under Castiel's nose its not until Dean tries to reach for him that he feels the strongest aura flowing from both Sam and Dean. Fear. Sam barely contains his flinch as Dean attempts to help, to fix his mess. "Cas, I'm- shit- I'm so sorry." He stutters out, his eyes darting around to inspect Castiel's face.
"Why'd you have to drag him into this? That boy... he-" Bobby had stopped himself from continuing. He knows what angels are like. He knows they're emotionless and he had seen it in Castiel. The constant nagging had been with him the entire time he had driven to get the guns and it still nagged him when he had got back. The fear of getting back and Dean being gone had forced him to put his foot down and move a little quicker.
They had planned to meet outside Castiel's favourite ice cream parlour a little blue cafe about fifteen minutes away from his house by train and half an hour from Sam's but Castiel had gotten there ten minutes early just in case. It's a somewhat sunny day the kind you can only get during spring and Castiel relishes in the warm breeze as he waits. He hopes Sam shows up, it would be nice to have a friend to talk to about his favourite things, even if they only met up to go to roleplay events or gamecon or-
Suddenly, the lights swing violently from the ceiling. At first, no one moves, unable to make sense of the sudden movement. The ground beneath them moves suddenly and the noise is like thunder only worse because the vibrations are coming from below.
By the time Dean has so much as glanced at Castiel's face, the angel is turning away from him, assisting Bobby with placing down two more brown paper bags and unpacking the contents. Dean leans forward to get a glance around him. "What'd you get?"
The metal slashes and pulls at his clothes snagging his skin and forming fresh wounds. He hisses through the pain and slides across the mud slick grass to escape the fences grasp. It flexes and morphs back into shape behind him. Dean stands up brushing the mud off of his sides. He turns up his nose at the fresh wounds covering the skin on his legs and stomach. The large gauges are soon to become scars and he cringes at the unattractive patterning it's going to leave. Dean pulls at his ripped clothing hoping to at least protect part of his exposed skin against the cold breeze. He turns around, walking around the side of the building trying his best to stick to the shadows and away from the lights.
The lights dim and the room goes into a soft silence as the music plays in the background. The smell of sweat and different perfumes catches Castiel's nose as fans begin spinning on stage.
It seems to work and Castiel shakes himself out of his recklessness, glancing at Dean before looking back at Sam. "All I can do right now is wake you up." Dean slaps a hand on the mattress to draw attention to himself because
And then it hits him: if Sam wakes up Dean can guilt-trip him into driving, he's had a good three hours so he has less of a chance of crashing and that's a risk Dean willing to take. Quickly he skims the impala with his hands, searching for anything he can throw at his brother that wouldn't impale his face.
"Strongest thing you have and keep it coming." Dean holds up the first note that comes out of his pocket and waves it for the bartender to take. "Rough day?" He asks pouring a purple liquid into several small shot glasses. Dean raises his eyebrow at the drink but picks up the glass and swallows the liquid. "You don't know the half of it buddy." The bartender grins mischievously, pushing the rest of the drinks towards Dean and holding out his hand. "Jimmy."
," Dean pulls at his shirt, failing to stop his hands from shaking and undo the buttons on his flannel. "Cas, I-I can't." Dean tries to get out actual words but his tongue repeatedly trips over itself and the words turn into mumbles of
Dean slowly opens his eyes. His eyesight blurring as stray tears began welling up in the corners. Everything is fuzzy. He rubs his eyes trying to find the ground beneath him. "Cas?" He croaks, reaching out his hand. A pair of warm hands enclose over the top of his warming his whole body as if he had been wrapped in a soft blanket of feathers. He keeps his eyes shut not bothering to try and open them. Everything is too bright. He squeezes the hand holding his and winces at the pain that shoots up his arm. "Dean I'm here." A familiar voice whispers. "Just try to keep quiet everything will be fine. Just hold onto me and keep your eyes closed." As Castiel speaks his hand tightens its grip.
