The angel’s sudden appearance startled Dean, but the familiar sound of wings shuffling was also comforting. He hadn’t heard that sound since the angels fell. Cas must’ve got his wings back.
Dean stopped hunting after that day, the day they finally defeated God and became free. In fact, he stopped doing anything except drinking, eating, and walking the dog.
“What do you think about John? You know, name him after Dad.” Sam held his son in one arm and his wife in another. Dean felt himself went pale but didn’t know how to object to his little brother. After all the years of fighting and arguments, Dean never thought Sam would want to name his child after their abusive father. Eileen was still weak from parturition, but she gave Dean a comforting smile and firmly rejected the suggestion.
Dean drove a safe 50 miles away from the Roadhouse before he stopped, closed his eyes, and started praying.
“Seriously? That’s what you got? When did you become so dumb, Dean?” His surrogate father’s glance made Dean wanting to get away as quickly as possible. Spending so many years apart, he almost forgot how scary Bobby could be. He knew saying something was the wiser choice, but words stuck in his throat, so he just stared at the beer harder. Questions and self-doubts pounding in his head.
“We are thinking about adoption,” Claire told Dean on one of the nights she spent on his couch, like she always did when Kaia was mad at her and kicked her out.
“Archangel? Cas wasn’t…isn’t an archangel. You know this, Bobby. Things would be so much easier if he is.” Dean’s brows knitted together.
“She’s cute. About 2 years old. Nice personality, too. We have already met her twice. She laughed every time we held her. She has beautiful red hair and gorgeous brown eyes, but she can’t see. You know, kind of why she’s up for adoption.” Claire stared at her drink like it was on fire. “We… We want to name her Cassie.”
Jack could feel tears soaking his jacket, but he didn’t say anything. He let this man mourn for his best friend, his big brother, the man who raised him.
If he didn’t immediately know what was going on, Jack and Rowena showing up at his house were very telling.
They moved out of the bunker about a year ago and rebuilt Bobby’s old house. Dean took over the scrapyard and arranged a garage of his own. Sam took over Bobby’s old job, becoming a hunters’ councilor. The witchcraft Rowena taught him and the books they took from the bunker helped him out. Recently, they have been working on a hunter’s system, assigning several hunters to areas all over America and giving them a chance to settle down. They could still hunt for things that showed faces in their assigned area, but without the moving and cheap motel rooms, they could also have a day job and raise a family.
Dean didn’t move at first. Being a stubborn little brother as always, Sam would not take the silence as an answer. “This… If you keep this up, you will be dead by the end of next year.” Sam’s voice cracked up a little. “Please, I… I’ve lost a son and a friend. I can’t lose you too.”
“I’m sorry, Samuel. Lucifer has these… Crazy believers. They snuck out of Hell from a secret portal I didn’t even know. And… I guess they believed, if they killed a Winchester, they could win some followers. For their crazy plans of resurrecting Lucifer.” Rowena hadn’t looked so apologetic in the long time Sam knew her. Sam felt a little bad for yelling at the woman who taught him all she knew and made him her only protege, just a little.
Claire and Kaia finally settled down after the hunter system was steady and mature. They bought a house right next to Dean’s. Kaia went back to school like she always wanted, preparing herself for assisting Jody as a criminal psychologist, and Claire finally accepted the job Dean offered her. That girl was good with cars, Dean had to admit, proudly.
“Don’t play dumb with me, boy. You might be a good liar, but I sure as hell can see right through you.” Dean looked down again, knowing better than lying to the man who practically raised him.
Hearing the familiar word was enough to make Dean getting choked up. He bit back the tears and took the empty seat.
The silence irritated Bobby, who groaned loudly and smacked Dean. “I know what you are thinking. Stop. There’s a reason he didn’t get in touch. Talk to him, like normal people do.”
Cas looked down, twisting the edge of his trenchcoat. Finally, he replied quietly, “Right after Jack put the world back in order.”
“Now shut up, you giant girl.” Dean impatiently interrupted his brother’s mumbling. “Get out of that bathroom and go propose.”
"It was a simple observation, rational" at the exact instant Castiel took a step towards Dean, the latter lost control completely. She grabbed him hard on the shoulders, pushing against him and angrily assaulting his lips. An impetuous kiss of teeth and bites, both furious. "You're a bastard, Cas," Dean muttered, furious, reversing their positions and forcing him against the wall by the back door. A shred of rationality and reason was still present inside the Hunter, but the more he felt the angel's lips move against his, the more control of the situation was taken - by force - by the desire for possession that flowed like lava through his veins.
He shrugged his shoulders, indifferently, abandoning his reflection and turning his gaze back to the running water. He gripped the toothbrush firmly in his right hand - trying not to imagine something bigger and hotter in its place - and began to brush his teeth vigorously.
"I don't understand why my presence here is essential," Castiel repeated, again, causing Sam and Dean to snort simultaneously. "We don't know what we're dealing with, Cas, it's always better to have a backup," replied, Sam, patting him on the shoulder in a brotherly fashion. Castiel looked at him confused, wrinkling his eyebrows still not sure what that meant.
"So, Jamie, why don't you tell us a little bit about yourself?" said, Dean, stomping hard on the boy's name. The latter looked at him bewildered, his eyes wide, his occa ajar, in an attempt to say something. Anything to make the stern look the Hunter was giving him fade away. "I- um..." he muttered, red with embarrassment and still destabilized.
Dean emerged from the car with the carrier bag, looking slighted. 'Hey. It's not my fault your insides were too delicate for roadside pie,' he said mockingly, marching past Sam, the carrier bag swinging from his right hand as he locked the car.
'Right? So turns out they were all running round after this fancy-ass pocket watch, which, y'know, had carried hitler's soul for the last eighty-odd years, which was why the bodies were dropping. But they needed a descendant of Hitler himself to get his blood pumping. Literally. They kidnapped this poor girl - who was totally BADASS, by the way, but I'll get onto that in a bit - who was a descendant of the bastard, to use her blood, and then BOOM, Hitler was reborn and was barking threats at none other than yours truly only moments later.'
'Alright man, we've just pulled in - we're on our way up.' Dean pulled the phone away from his ear and ended the call with a beep, before rummaging around in the back seat. Sam squinted through the window in momentary confusion, and then recognised the carrier bag from that damn pie shop.  Fighting back another grin, Sam banged on the window with his palm. 'Hurry up, man, I'm starving.'
Dean closed his eyes as a fresh wave of guilt washed over him. Cas had constantly been made to feel like he wasn’t worth loving; that he was second-rate, that he didn’t matter. Every instance of betrayal, misplaced trust, misunderstanding—in self-righteous anger, Dean would too often place the blame on Cas, because he was always in the wrong place at precisely the wrong moment. Too long had he been a scapegoat for Dean’s rage, when his fury at the universe for using them as punching bags was too much for him to bear. Cas took the brunt of it all, and he did so bravely, with his love for humanity and his often blind faith in the Winchesters—he always had done. It was in Cas’s nature to be self-sacrificing. But for him to
On the other end of the phone, Cas took the momentary silence as a bad sign. 'He didn't hurt you, did he?' His concern was now very evident.
With the distinctive clank of the door shutting behind them, and the familiar clattering of their boots tramping down the iron steps, both brothers relaxed instantly. They raised their arms to wave at Cas, who was perched on a chair just below them sipping some tea, his jacket flung off and his tie askew, surrounded by books and papers on the table.
had been Lucifer. Though he’d never witnessed an angelic exorcism like that before. His stomach pitched as realisation set in, and he made a pained effort to stand.
‘Yeah. Except I didn’t exactly rise to the occasion,’ Dean said, his voice heavy with guilt. He didn’t break eye contact with Cas, hoping his intentions were clear.
‘Son of a bitch, Cas. You’re not allowed to give up on us, on me, after all we’ve been through. You are
‘What about…’ Dean screwed his eyes shut and massaged his temple. He reminded himself that this was really Bobby—his Bobby, not a sarkier version of him from a parallel universe that didn’t recall anything about his time with Sam and Dean.
Cas’s eyes became misty. ‘I should have been there,’ he said quietly, his voice breaking. He hung his head as if he were ashamed.
‘Yeah it is,’ Dean said with more certainty, trying to keep his emotions at bay. Hearing Bobby’s token phrase had tugged at something in his heart that he’d long since thought was dead. ‘’Cos the last I heard, you… you were in heaven’s lock-up.’
Initially, Dean had struggled to relinquish control. Not because he didn’t think the others were capable—with the help of Charlie and Bobby’s teams, Jody and Donna were running the smoothest hunting operation this side of the Atlantic. They were training a generation of hunters and coordinating them to their hunts with an efficiency that would make the Men of Letters proud, but with enough moral compassion and comradery to make the business a familial one at its heart. Dean was simply unable to let go of the feeling of responsibility. These were his comrades, his allies, his closest friends in the world, and he couldn’t escape the age-old feeling that he’d dragged them into something that would one day hurt them. Sam, on the other hand, was finding it easier to let go, and with every hunt that passed, Dean could sense his brother itching to start his life. Dean had caught him excitedly going over job applications and college degrees with Eileen; he reminded Dean of the younger, more hopeful version of his brother whose life he’d derailed fifteen years ago. It gave Dean reason to fight even harder. He even browsed a few jobs himself, and began to imagine what life could be like beyond hunting, and beyond the loss he’d suffered. A better life—a free one.
But Dean was already diving through the door and into the driver's seat, leaving Sam several feet behind, clutching a lukewarm carrier bag containing leftover pie. Dean had been keen to stop over at what was supposedly the 'best pie in America', but their post-case-closure quest for pie became somewhat rushed when their phones buzzed with texts from Cas to say he was home. And now Dean was turning on the car engine. Sam rolled his eyes dramatically and broke into a jog, then hastily clambering into the passenger seat before his brother drove off and left him in the car park.
earned it. After all the tears, the fighting, the desperate searching for a slither of hope when all seemed lost, this was it. Granted, Dean hadn’t ‘gone out swinging’ the way he’d once intended—but he and Sam had deliberately begun winding down the number of hunts they were doing, handing over larger cases to the network of hunters who Jack had brought back after Chuck’s attempt at genocide. Jody and her girls were at the centre of the operation, and had promised to man the fort once Sam and Dean had moved on.
Dean ignored him, his voice rising, and his face moving closer to the angel’s. ‘Cas, we can’t do this without you.’
Sam managed to make the first move. He let out a grunt as he clambered to his feet, and, staggering slightly, made a beeline straight for Chuck’s motionless body.
Dean’s eyebrows raised. ‘That’s great, Cas!’ he said, delighted. ‘You’ve got a family again.’ He attempted to ignore the gnawing in his stomach that the statement induced—he’d always thought of Cas as part of
‘Ehem?’ Rowena huffed, an indignant glare on her face, obviously feeling forgotten. She seemed to have recovered. ‘In case you boys haven’t noticed, the world actually might be ending out there.’ Sam and – more reluctantly - Dean turned their attention back to the witch, who was now staring at them incredulously, as if she was genuinely expecting them to start leaping around and resurrecting God and saving the world. Which probably wasn’t the worst idea in the world.
Cas tilted his head further to the side, regarding Dean with a look of puppy-like confusion. It was an expression Dean was used to, and he felt a tug in his abdomen at the familiarity of it.
‘…Down all the walls,' Bobby continued as Dean's focus returned. ‘Heaven ain’t just reliving your golden oldies any more. It’s what it always should’ve been. Everyone happy.’ He paused, smiling knowingly at Dean. ‘Everyone together.’
Sam rolled his eyes with a bemused sigh, and slid out of the kitchen, leaving Dean lamenting his pie-based woes to poor Cas. And unsurprisingly, a few minutes later, he was certain he heard a gloating 'Excuse me, you're speaking to the guy who just
‘Yes, I am here,’ Cas said quietly, not shifting his eyes from Dean’s. Dean realised he’d spoken aloud, and felt his face redden. He tried to bite back a laugh, but it escaped his lips anyway, and before he knew it he was smiling, grinning, laughing in delight, and his feet were closing the gap between them of their own accord, and he was pulling Cas to him, wrapping his arms around Cas’s shoulders, the trench coat material bunching up in his fingers.
‘Hey,’ Dean repeated. He could tell Cas was really broken up about this. ‘This is how it’s supposed to be, right? Humans die, while angels live forever in the holy halls of heaven. That’s not on you, Cas.’
Sure, he’d had plenty of happy memories here. Old memories. Pints shared with Jo and Ellen after a tough hunt; celebratory karaoke nights after they’d all had a few; Dean dragging Ash out from behind the bar to join them for
The silence Dean was met with on the other end of the phone was a brief yet an understanding one. He could all but picture Cas' face at this point. The furrowed brow, the slightly parted mouth, and the will visible in his expression to provide comfort without necessitating an all-out heart-to-heart session. At times, this was exactly what Dean needed. Sam, registering this, sat silently in his seat, not daring to move a muscle and remind Dean of his presence. He felt vaguely uncomfortable, as if he was intruding.
Dean could practically hear the angel's brown furrowing. 'Of course, the genocidal German dictator. I recall watching a very insightful Netflix documentary about him a while ago. And if I remember correctly, he was mentioned in a video game you were playing only last week-'
From the other side of the room, Sam let out a loud breath of laughter. ‘Man, Cas,’ he crowed happily, beaming, ‘it’s real good to see you again.’
And as fireworks danced behind his vision, his blood pulsed with an unfathomable electricity, and his heart sang with happiness, Dean finally felt like the powers that had been conspiring to keep him unhappy were finally at bay. For all the universe had tried to keep them apart, there was nothing that could prevent them from being together now.
Sam’s voice behind him startled Dean out of his daze. ‘Dean, we, uh,’ he mumbled, his voice taking a lower, gentler tone than usual. Dean noticed with a tinge of frustration that his brother was trying to drag him away. ‘We better head outside. There’s something wrong.
Sam knew Dean had initially intended on getting to the point quickly so that he could gloat sooner, but recently he'd become quite animated in recounting hunting ventures to Cas on the phone. Usually he was renowned for bluntly getting to the point, but he'd watched Dean get more into the storytelling - especially when the listener actually seemed to be interested in what he had to say. Plus, as Dean insisted, if Cas couldn't make it on a hunt, then he had to be given the rundown so he didn't get confused when references were made, right? So a phone call after a hunt was totally necessary. And this story in particular, Dean had obviously already decided, was one that required dramatic finesse.
A scuffling sound followed by a frantic yet familiar clip-clop of heels could be heard from outside. Sam whipped his head around, and rushed to the doorway.
—his alcohol-softened contentment leaving him inclined to leave his hand lingering on Ash’s arm for a second longer than usual.
Sam could hear the surprise in Cas' voice when he replied. 'That's... quite extraordinary. It's quite an alarming concept, I must admit.'
Dean sucked his breath in through his teeth. 'You betcha,' he said, ducking his head slightly to check a road sign, his tongue sticking out from his mouth slightly in concentration.
Dying had actually taken longer than Dean had expected, for once, giving him sufficient time to comfort Sam as best he could, and to attempt to make his peace with things ending. But in his final moments, as his senses were overtaken by a primal fear he had no control over, Dean had found himself clinging to Sam and begged him for reassurance. That everything would be okay—not just for Sam, but for himself; surely heaven had to be waiting for him, after everything he’d been through. As his surroundings blurred, Sam’s frantic comforts faded, and the reality of the situation made black spots appear across Dean’s vision, the only thing keeping him from crying out and breaking down was the prospect of seeing his loved ones again; not just Sam one day, but his Mom, his Dad, Charlie, Kevin—all those people he knew he’d let down, and couldn’t wait to see again. Dean had longed for this for so long, and it was finally time.
Cas had always been there for Dean, and Dean struggled to picture a time when he’d been able to make Cas feel as loved as Dean felt when they were together. So as Dean kissed him, he kissed him with the urgency of someone making up for lost time—as if they had been separated for years, and had finally been reunited. As he ran his hands through Cas’s hair—God, he’d longed to do that for years—he tried to channel every ounce of gratitude he had ever felt to the angel who so diligently watched over him, protected him, and did so without ever complaining.
He grabbed at the arms of the chair to stop himself from buckling forwards, his mouth opening and closing as he tried to formulate a response. Nothing came out. Bobby didn’t offer anything else, and just continued to sip his beer, watching Dean out of the corner of his eye with a sly smile on his face.
After everything that went down with Chuck, and everyone finally gathered together in celebration of their victory, the decision had been unanimous: Sam and Dean deserved to rest.
Sam suddenly appeared a few feet away from them. ‘You guys, the world is legitimately ending out there.’ He was clearly nervous, but the tell-tale signs of a grin were creeping from the corners of his mouth at the display in front of him. ‘We should probably do something.’
Castiel’s face broke out into a massive grin, and Dean followed suit. And if he wasn’t mistaken, the angel’s hand was now clutched in his own, but he wasn’t about to break eye contact.
‘Cas…’ Dean croaked, before words failed him altogether. For a moment, all he could do was stare at Cas, blinking furiously as he felt his eyes begin to sting. Cas’s expression was as indiscernible as ever; Dean quickly searched his face for any sign of emotion—good or bad—and found nothing. Cas was just staring at him, his piercingly blue eyes unblinking, his head tilted to one side as if regarding Dean with curiosity.
never forget,' he said loudly, narrowing his eyes pointedly at his brother. Sam raised his eyebrows and huffed. 'But man, today's dish is going to leave me with severe withdrawal- ugh, tell me about it; the apple with that tang of blackberry-'
‘Come on Cas, snap out of it. If you’re in there, we need you. I know you’re in there, you son of a bitch, so flap your angelic ass out here right damn now.’ Dean shook the angel by the shoulders with both hands now, his grip tightening in a frantic effort to rouse him.
by the Darkness herself,’ Dean’s voice quavered, and he reached up from the angel’s shoulder with his left hand to cup his cheek. He failed to notice the angel’s eyes fluttering and his mouth gaping open slightly, and carried on, his voice raw with emotion and injury. ‘But you’re wrong, Cas. You’re worth so much more than angelic mojo and – you’re worth more to me. And I’m begging you, Cas, come back.’ His eyes clouded over and he bowed his head once again. ‘
For a moment, Dean allowed himself to believe it. This—this version of heaven that Bobby was describing… it was real. And Dean had made it.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut in an attempt to let everything sink in. Jack had made changes? Well, perhaps that really did explain why Dean had made it to heaven. The kid wasn’t here any more, though. Dean pushed back on the sadness that had risen as quickly as his excitement. Guilt quickly took its place—he’d barely said two nice words to Jack in weeks, which made his hasty farewell a few months back more bitter than sweet.
Far to Dean’s right, precisely where he’d been avoiding resting his gaze, he saw the beaten form of Castiel’s/Lucifer’s vessel slumped against the wall, where that utter bitch had flung him like some kind of ragdoll, before exorcising what he
He was trying to avoid looking at Cas’ face, but with the rest of the battered vessel directly in front of him, it was getting harder to ignore. In an effort to accept the inevitable, he forced himself to turn his gaze upwards.
‘Not quite.’ Bobby shook his head, chuckling. ‘You can see people whenever you’re ready.’ He fell quiet for a moment, and slowly leaned forward to set down his beer on the ground, his gaze lingering on something on the horizon.
‘Dead? No. But we haven’t got much time.’ Castiel responded almost immediately in his familiar gravelly tone. His eyes darted around the room before settling upon Dean, who was still only a few inches away. He raised a hand to where Dean was still cupping his cheek, and grabbed onto Dean’s wrist, holding his other arm out for support. Leaping into action, and spurred from his stupor, Dean grabbed him around his waist and helped the angel to his feet, a wave of incredulity and relief passing over him.
Dean reached for the angel’s wrist again to cut him off. ‘-You just wanted to help. Oh God, Cas, I know. But we need you more than we need anyone else right now, save God himself over here. That includes Lucifer, which, by the way, was perhaps not your finest decision. But
Dean thrust the phone to his ear, waiting for the voice on the other end; then his mouth crept into a small smile.
Dean shrugged as he chucked a plate in the sink. 'Well, y'know, I promised Cas over the phone the other day I'd be getting him some.' He looked questioningly at Sam as he turned to open the fridge, who was still smirking to himself. Then Dean's eyes widened, and he suddenly rummaged in his pocket for his phone. 'Shoot, I almost forgot.'
Sam chuckled under his breath despite himself, exchanging an amused look with Dean. It may be the end of the world, but some things never changed. Then his face took on a more solemn expression as he turned to Rowena to drill her for information, and her high-pitched storytelling soon became the centre of Sam’s attention. Dean turned his attention to the angel. He relaxed his grip on Castiel’s waist, but before he could utter the obvious
Castiel had clearly decided to keep his distance, choosing to watch Dean from afar as he acclimatised himself to his new heavenly surroundings. He was standing just under the shade of some pine trees, his hands in his pockets, and he was looking in their direction; from what Dean could see, he didn’t flinch under Dean’s gaze.
He began to wonder what these changes meant. Did people still go to hell? Did ghosts and spirits still aimlessly wander the earth? Was there anyone left in The Empty?
Bobby nodded his head slowly, and nonchalantly took a sip of beer from the bottle resting on his lap. He took a moment to respond, as if wanting to choose his next words carefully.
Dean felt like he was floating as his feet carried him off the porch and into the field of long grass. He didn’t know what he was feeling, what he was going to say, or what he was going to do; all he knew was that he had to close the distance between him and Cas. Now.
In some ways, at the time, the drawn-out nature of it had felt like a blessing. Dean was well-versed in the art of giving speeches in his dying moments—not that that ever made it any easier—so when the grim realisation set in that he wasn’t going anywhere, he forced himself to focus and tell Sam what he knew he needed to hear. It wasn’t anything that Sam hadn’t heard before, or that he didn’t already know, but Dean knew as well as anyone that Sam would replay the moment over and over again in his head, wondering what he could’ve done differently. And if Sam was going to torture himself with it, Dean was determined his brother would have some words of comfort to focus on.
Dean guffawed suddenly, making Sam jump next to him. 'Oh man, Cas, what I just did beats that video game into the
Sighing inwardly, Dean decided to cut himself some slack. Jack would turn up eventually. He had to. He was all that Dean had to remind him of the life he’d just been living; Dean didn’t want to see Sam here any time soon, and Cas…
‘Dean?’ There were questions dancing in Cas’s eyes as he gazed at Dean searchingly. His mouth began twitching into a nervous smile, as if he almost daren’t let himself be happy, but couldn’t resist.
Dean was silent for a few moments. His hands were clenched so tightly that his knuckles began to turn white.
Dean’s brain was foggy, as if he’d stood up too quickly and given himself headrush. He frowned in concentration as he blinked furiously, attempting to bring his surroundings into focus. Glancing to his right, he realised he was standing next to a rusty-looking wooden shack, the sight of which made the breath catch in his throat.
Cupping Cas’s face in his hands, Dean pulled the angel closer, closed the dwindling space between them, and planted his lips firmly on Cas’s.
Sam exhaled soundlessly, wearing an expression mixed between vague fear and frustration, and began practically fidgeting on the spot. His concern for Cas was evident, but something was really eating at him. Probably something to do with the eerie red light that was all but seeping out of the window and into the basement room, which was casting the beginnings of an unnatural crimson tint on the angel’s skin. They really were running out of time.
As he pulled away, however, he noticed the angel was still staring at the ground. Dean frowned. Now for the formalities. ‘Are you feeling okay?’
Cas managed a smile. ‘He has. And it is wonderful to have everyone back.’ He paused, and his face dropped once more. ‘The only proviso was that we aren’t allowed to interfere with Earth anymore. We have to let humanity be. So when Jack told me it was nearly your… time…’ Cas broke off, squeezing his eyes shut.
‘Hey, Cas,’ Dean said softly, lowering his head so Cas was forced to look at him. ‘Don’t beat yourself up, okay? Besides, you’ve probably had one hell of a mess to clear up with Jack. Angelic chores, redesigning heaven—’ Dean gestured with his head to their surroundings, ‘—hell, even landscape gardening, from the look of it.’
.’ He exhaled shakily, tipping his head forward and continuing in what was now a distressed whisper. ‘I don’t know how we’re going to get out of this one,’ he choked, ‘but I need you to wake the heck up and tell me it’ll be okay; that we can still defeat Amara together.’ Silence.
Dean shook off Sam's attempt to intervene, and pressed the phone firmly against his left ear, out of his brother's reach. 'Hey, Cas,' he said cheerfully.
Dean didn’t know what to say. The only thought that was echoing in every part of his mind was that Cas was standing right in front of him. Nothing else seemed important.
He scooted over until he was crouched directly in front of the angel. ‘Hey, Cas, buddy, please,’ he said, his face dropping. ‘We need you back for this. With or without your mojo, we can’t win this without you.’
Clearing his throat quietly, fully aware that Sam had now turned away from Chuck to watch (whether or not Sam was going to bear Dean good news about his state was another matter), he braced himself for the worst, ignoring the fact that his bottom lip was quavering.
Sam coughed awkwardly, and Dean briefly glanced over his shoulder to see Sam shake his head uncomfortably. Oh yeah, God actually dying over here. To say there was a time constraint would be an understatement. And still nothing from the slumped figure in front of him. This was not looking good. But hell if Dean was leaving without him. Or even leaving him here. It was beginning to look like they’d be left with no choice. He cleared his throat again, desperation setting in further.
As he pieced the scenario together, he briefly considered with a start that he might actually be in hell. Who else would taunt him with visions of Bobby? Last he knew, Bobby had all but sacrificed himself to the heavenly authorities.
Dean returned his gaze to Cas, and began all but pleading, a hint of urgency now very evident in his voice
Almost immediately, Cas returned the kiss, leaning into Dean with an urgency that rendered Dean breathless. After a few moments, he was forced to draw back to catch his breath, but he kept a tight hold of Cas’s face, as if afraid to let him go.
Dean felt several emotions flash across his mind as Bobby continued. ‘That kid of yours—before he went… wherever—made some changes here. Busted my ass out. And, well… he set some things right.’
The hunting network was up and running, their legacy established, and Sam’s future was before him. Everything would be okay for Sam—Dean knew it. He was just devastated he wouldn’t live to see it.
Dean turned to Bobby, and for a moment only managed to blink absently at him. When he regained the power of speech, he croaked out: ‘I… I dunno. I might just… sit here. For a bit. Clear my head. Lot to take in, this,’ he added, gesturing wildly to his surroundings before lowering his arm and clutching the arm of the chair to disguise his trembling hands.
Bobby had always been a shoulder to cry on for Dean when he was younger, had never raised his voice at him, and knew exactly how to cheer him up. As a child, Dean used to confide in Bobby in ways that he never could his own father, for fear of being misunderstood or not taken seriously, or even just being ignored. As much as Dean confided in Sam and Cas, he still occasionally mourned the need for parental advice—to not have to be the adult in the situation.
Inside the motel room, Dean felt safer. Or maybe it was because both of Castiel's hands were clasped around his body. He could feel the heat emanating from his palms through his clothes, and he restrained himself from moaning. He didn't know what was happening to his body. He felt possessed, yet at the same time so free. "You're mine" Castiel exclaimed, suddenly, igniting the spark of arousal in Dean.
It took her a short time to get him up, tugging him by the arm, and in moments she pushed him against the wall. She quickly undressed him, lowering his clothing just enough to get to his private parts. Cas's lost look sent him over the edge, so he thrust himself - unceremoniously - into his body in a rough, animalistic lunge.
"Whatever you want," he murmured, Dean, peeling off his shirt and tossing it absentmindedly. It flew to the bed that had been occupied by his brother that night, and a small, amused smile rippled his lips. But the smile died soon after, when the sight of Castiel's - finally - bare chest caught his attention. Castiel's lean, shapely physique was revealed beneath him, a wonder to his eyes, but even more so to his hands. He slowly felt the hinted curves of the muscles, enjoying the shivers of pleasure that shook his angel. His. He truly understood the meaning of that word, possessive and delicious, when he heard Cas moan at his touch. Feeling him give in under his touch, lowering all the defenses he'd built up at the exact moment he'd realized he was starting to feel something. Feelings, unknown to angels, perfect beings who don't need to feel anything. Warriors, faithful to their God. He slowly explored each patch of skin with his lips, tasting the texture of the silky smooth skin, feeling his lips tingle with the light fluff that littered his otherwise white chest. His hands ran to grasp his wrists, leaving him exposed and helpless beneath him, succumbing to that passion and desire he'd never felt, or imagined. He felt Dean's plump lips seal one of his nipples, squeezing it between his lips and begin to play and abuse it. Moistened by the other man's saliva, it swelled, leaving him breathless and with his mouth open in a stifled moan.
Dean sighed, renouncing his intent to wallow in sadness and give himself lung cancer at a young age. "Castiel," he said, in an exasperated tone, only to see the angel appear at his side. He was tight in his usual light trench coat, a hard expression on his face. His indescribably blue eyes were darker than usual, similar to the stormy sea.
"What my brother meant to say," he began, Sam, glaring at his brother, "is if you can tell us what happened before we found you," he concluded, settling a kick against the elder's ankle.
"Cas" found himself sighing, against his own will. His mind was totally clouded with a desire he had never felt before. He remembered clearly the kiss he and the angel had exchanged the night before. And he remembered well his own escape as well. He mentally called himself a fool, because never in his life would he have thought he could be so dumb as to run away from such a situation. "You are mine," Castiel had told him, his voice hoarse and his gaze hard, serious. Caught up in the confusion he hadn't given any weight to that phrase, deciding instead to provoke him. Dean was his, he knew it, he felt it, and in his heart he had been aware of it since the first time he had seen him. But what did that phrase really mean to the angel? Trying to understand Castiel's thoughts had always proven difficult for him, but in this case he had no idea how to interpret it.
"Sammy!" yelled Dean, trying to get the demon off of him as he tried to deliver a few killing blows. Filthy demons, they had a kink with wanting to kill the Winchester brothers. The door to the shed they were in swung open, letting in a gust of abnormal wind just before Castiel's figure stepped in. The trench coat fluttered at his sides, while the angel advanced with determination. Before long, the dozen or so demons that had trapped them fell to the ground at once, abandoning the bodies they had possessed and sinking into Hell. Castiel gave the two hunters an apprehensive look, then turned only to Sam and helped him up. The boy had lost a lot of blood in the fight, a deep cut on his right temple let out a trickle of blood that continued along the entire profile of his face, going to stain the shirt he was wearing. He gently placed his hand on the boy's face, and in a few moments all the wounds healed. "Thank you, Cas," said, Sam, smiling gratefully at him. The angel nodded absently in response, instantly stiffening when he sensed Dean's presence approaching the two of them. He took a few steps away, keeping his distance between himself and the two hunters, though his discomfort was only due to one of them. Dean stood next to them, watching Cas expectantly, insistently. "What is it?" the angel asked, coldly, shooting him a look of reproach and irritation.
“Oh, don’t worry, I’m… very on board with your whole plan,” Dean laughed shakily, but part of him was screaming at him to regain control somehow. It had been a long time since he did anything with anyone man-shaped, and back then it was a lot more shameful and a lot more guarded. They also weren’t people he had to look in the eye the following day, or ever again. He wanted to hold on to his pride, at least a little, because giving in like that? Handing the reins off to Cas and, what, swooning under him like one of those big breasted ladies on the cover of dollar store romance novels? Fuck that. He leaned forward and undid Cas’s ruined tie with deft hands, unbuttoned his shirt, and Cas let him, like he’d always let Dean put his hands on him however he liked, and honestly Dean felt like a pretty big idiot now for not taking advantage of it before tonight. He kissed Cas’s neck, genty, exploratory kisses at first, but latching on with teeth and tongue when he found that one particular spot that made Cas’s breath catch. He was licking his way down Cas’s surprisingly ripped chest when Cas hauled him up inelegantly and just yanked at Dean’s belt like it had personally offended him, and Dean couldn’t help it, he let out a shaky laugh.
Him and Sam go out for hunts still, and they try to find leads on the Darkness, but most of the time they stay in the bunker, all cooped up together and cozy like a happy fucking family. Except with pent-up sexual tension. It’s really no wonder that things, eventually, come to a head.
“Um.” Dean has zero fucking idea what the protocol is for this kind of situation. He doesn’t have to explain what just happened to Cas, does he? He had been human for, like, months. He actually had sex (bad, BAD thought, Dean). Surely he must know by now how things--adult things--work. Or whatever, he can Google it; Dean is going to get off (wait, no), get up (NOPE), leave this couch as soon as he can figure out how to do that without treating Cas to an unwelcome sighting of his perv boner and he will lock himself in his room, jerk off and shoot himself in the head.
“Sexual intercourse,” the former angel clarified. He shifted in his seat. “I find myself very… unsettled.”
It’s a dream, so Dean doesn’t question it; it’s a dream, so Dean allows himself to taste and suck deeply, and Cas moans deep and low and drifts closer. There’s a ghost of a touch on Dean’s dick and he jerks his hips enthusiastically into it, spurred by Cas closing his eyes and moaning, Dean, Dean…
Dean knows that in, like, Ye Old Times or something, women used to be so covered up that men would go batshit crazy at the sight of an ankle. It’s one of those things that everybody knows. Dean always thought it sounded stupid cause, come on, ankles? Okay, ankles can be nice and all, and all right, if you don’t get to see that much skin it sort of makes sense you’d fixate on every bit of it you could get, but still. He always sort of thought it was an exaggeration.
“Nothing! Or perhaps what you were supposed to DO was STOP trying to push me in bed with strangers and then sulk like a child when I do what you wanted!”
“No need to be delicate, Cas,” Dean grunted. Cas’s voice was deep and gravelly and some sick part of Dean was doing fucked up somersaults in his stomach because that was Alpha’s voice, and fuck that. Fuck. That.
Danny walked him to the door and left Castiel his number, which Castiel did put into his cell phone like he had done with Kelly’s, although it was aware that it was unlikely he would ever see either of these people again. Perhaps it was a human thing, having spent a nice time with someone, feeling residual affection and wanting to hold on to the illusion that the person you’d connected would stay in your life. Humans.
Cas looks at him in confusion and Dean is slowly starting to get a picture. He doesn’t like the picture.
“In this case,” Cas said, a low rumble next to Dean's ear. “I will need to go back home to arrange some things but would you like me to assist you through the remainder of your Heat?” Dean moaned enthusiastically.
“Just… hold your horses, cowboy.” Dean whispered. “I know I’m irresistible, but we’ve got the time.” He tried for a smirk, but it came out more like a fond smile as an overwhelming wave of affection washed over him and almost knocked his breath out. Cas crowded him again, kissing him with abandon, making a small noise of triumph when Dean’s belt finally fell open and he could close his hand around Dean’s hard-on. “Fuck!” Dean arched into the touch, knocking his head into the car window. Cas slid his free hand over the bump, between Dean’s skull and the glass, and started to jerk him roughly, fast and dirty, and Dean would have commented on his impatience again except it felt so unbearably good, he’d lost all capacity for words. It was all he could do to reach for Cas’s crotch in return, he couldn’t even get Cas’s own pants open but he squeezed his bulge and Cas thrust into his touch enthusiastically and moaned into his mouth so he must have been doing something right. They rocked erratically into each other, with no finesse, no grace--all that mattered was the touch, and the warmth, and the steady squeak-squeak-squeak of the car rocking with them, and Dean couldn’t even spare a thought for the tires or worry that they were going to stain the seats. He fumbled with Cas’s fly, desperate to get his dick out, and he didn’t even care that he was acting like an animal and losing his goddamn mind over a sloppy handjob because it was Cas between his legs, and Cas’s big hand that was cradling his head, keeping him safe and cared for even when they were both out of their fucking minds with lust, and it was Cas jerking his dick like his only purpose in life was to drive Dean mad with pleasure, and so Dean keened and bucked under him and came breathing Cas’s name into his mouth. He was distantly aware of Cas coming, too, of his jizz spattering over Dean’s pant leg and slowly dripping down on the vinyl seat because at some point he had managed to get his fly open, so now they were holding each other, dicks out, curled uncomfortably with their legs bent at odd angles because the backseat really wasn’t big enough for both of them, and it was all Dean didn’t know he wanted. He pressed closer to Cas, breathing him in, kissing his neck again with purpose.
“You could never see my true form,” he said softly, “my former true form. It is inconceivable and unexplainable to the human mind, but believe me when I say… it does not even remotely resemble a human being. Until I lost my Grace, I mostly saw you and all the other humans as souls, some shining, some tainted. I have spent enough time on Earth to be familiar with the human body as well, but I sometimes still have trouble with the concept that you have only two eyes and no wings and exist as a finite, solid shape. Genitals are entirely irrelevant to me.”
“Is this what this is about? That dickface back in Boston? I said I was fucking sorry, Cas, okay, I get it, you’re gay, it’s all good we can hug now and I’ll take you to the fucking Pride Parade!”
Whenever Castiel had thought about what it meant to be human, he had usually thought about the big, important matters. Free will. Life and death. Love. Fragility. Although he knew about it, he had never properly envisioned the endless trivialities that filled up a human’s days. Nor had he anticipated how many things he would end up needing. Clothing, for example. And it was not only down to quantity, but also choosing what to wear seemed to be a much more complicated process that he had anticipated.
“I believe the right phrase for it,” Castiel interrupted him, “is ‘we will take it one day at a time’.”
Dean did not finish that sentence. Suddenly his back was pressed against the Impala’s door, he had a lapful of former Angel of the Lord and he was being kissed within an inch of his life.
“I can,” he exhaled. He licked his bottom lip and he noticed Cas noticing and that was one hell of a trip. “... help you. If you want.”
Yeah, not Dean’s finest moment. He grimaced, watching Cas strike out for the third time, in less than an hour, the woman he’d been talking to blatantly pretending to get a call and holding a thoroughly silent phone up to her ear. Cas just stood there, confused, standing a little too close, and Dean decided to rescue him before he could freak her out further. He made his way over to Cas, slung an arm casually around his shoulders and hastily led him back to their table.
“You, ah, still need a new coat,” his friend said, glancing towards the battered, frayed trench coat Castiel still wore. “I think I saw something you’d like over there.”
Well, Dean hadn’t become the skilled hunter he was today without being able to react quickly to what someone would call an Unexpected Situation. He reached up to card his fingers through Cas’s hair, like he’d wanted to do for a long fucking time, and it was soft and wild under his hands, and Cas’s shoulders, when he got to them, were broad and strong and perfect in every way except there were so many stupid layers covering his skin, and Dean had always secretly loved Cas’s trenchcoat because it kinda made him look sexy and badass, like a secret agent or something, but now he could set the damn thing on fire. He managed to convey this sentiment by pulling roughly on the lapels, and Cas leaned backwards fractionally to allow him to slide the coat off.
‘He really did it,’ he said, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. Cas had proclaimed over and over that Jack was destined for greatness—to pioneer peace, create paradise—and Dean had never believed him. Not because he didn’t trust Cas—no, he’d sworn to himself he’d never mistrust Cas again. It was just that Dean simply couldn’t comprehend what paradise would look like. It wasn’t something he’d ever experience, anyway; he didn’t believe he deserved it.
Now fully on his feet, Cas turned in Sam’s direction and nodded gratefully, before beginning to take in his surroundings. Dean wondered how much – or little – he’d been able to actually see while Lucifer had control. ‘You too, Sam,’ he responded with a small smile, some light visibly returning to his eyes.
'You actually... witnessed Hitler's reincarnation?' The incredulity in Cas' voice was unmistakable. 'Having him reborn in the 21st century... especially someone so inherently evil, who you presumed was dead and gone, and to have him appear in front of you and to be unable to predict what would happen next... It must've been terrifying.' Cas said, his tone concerned. Dean's expression softened - he was vaguely touched.
‘Besides,’ Cas continued, patting Dean on the shoulder, blissfully unaware of Dean’s turmoil. ‘I didn’t exactly give you a chance to respond.’ He smiled warmly, and this time the smile reached his eyes.
"Hey, you're awake," Sam's warm, peppy voice brought him back to reality. He snapped his head up, blushing slightly at the unchaste thoughts that had crossed his mind. He and Castiel, wrapped in an intimate embrace. Hands tasting every inch of their skin, as if learning by heart the myriad nuances of their bodies. And Castiel's lips, so sinful to belong to an angel, roaming restlessly over his neck, down his chest, in a heavenly descent to his sex.
"D-Dean," he moaned, closing his eyes and letting himself go completely. Every fiber of his body burned from the erotic caresses the boy reserved for him, every patch of skin aflame with the desire to be touched, explored, possessed. He wanted to be Dean's, completely.
"I know you heard what he said to me," exclaimed, Dean, glaring at his brother. Sam gave him a confused look, shifting his weight from one leg to the other in discomfort. "Who?" he asked, trying to use a light tone. Dean sighed, leaning wearily on the hood of the car. "Alastair. I know you heard what he said to me," he repeated, this time turning to look him in the eye. Finally Sam relented, nodding in response. "Yes, I heard what he told you."
He separated from Cas's body slowly, running his lips along the length of his still lingering, sensitive erection. Castiel, shaken but still lucid, could read the pleasure the human was feeling at that moment, and a sudden urge to dare pervaded him. With force, he pulled him against himself, then pushed him with his back on the mattress and positioned himself astride his pelvis.
"Dean, Dean, don't blame yourself. No one can imagine the pain you felt there, no one could blame you. You held on for thirty years, Dean, it would have been impossible to go on forever" twin tears streamed down Sam's face, his heart clenched in a vice grip from the realization that he was the real culprit. Dean had saved him, and in return Sam had given him forty years of damnation. He thanked Castiel with all his might for saving him from perdition.
The angel snapped his eyes open, jamming them into the other's bloodshot, damned green ones. A new flame had ignited in him, pure desire, but a desire he'd never felt in his life. Dean's hand moved slowly from his side-which he'd been gripping until moments before-and brought it gently to the other man's face, caressing the profile and grazing the parted lips. He ran his thumb over his lower lip, tasting by touch the soft, erotic texture of those swollen, red buds. Castiel, still entranced by her gaze, shifted it slightly away from his body, giving him the space he needed to move downward. He slowly slid downward, his back rubbing against the wall behind him, a faint sound that became the soundtrack to that erotic encounter. He rested his knees against the damp asphalt, the cold that normally would have stiffened his muscles, did not scratch the angel - because he was an angel of the Lord, a soldier of God - he raised his face towards his companion, a gaze full of expectation that cast itself in an immense and endless blue. Awkward, because he was still not very expert in certain practices - but Dean actually thought he was the best of his lovers - he moved his hands toward the belt of his pants, unfastening it and leaving it dangling against his hips. He unbuttoned his pants lavishly, button after button glimpsing the fabric of the other man's underwear. He forcefully lowered the boy's pants and underwear in a gesture of impatience, leaving them rolled up around his ankles. He stroked the Hunter's turned-up thighs, in a slow caress that tasted like torture. "Fuck, Cas, hurry up," hissed, Dean, his head already thrown back by those pleasurable caresses - just a little, too little. "Or what?" he murmured, Cas, his face inches from her crotch. He distinctly felt fresh breath settle on his member, turgid and flushed. A murmur escaped his lips, his legs limp, desire clouding his mind. He roughly grasped the Moor's head, ran his hands through his locks, and looked at him with defiance and desire. He wouldn't have gone any further if Castiel himself didn't desire him, and Dean knew - felt - that Castiel desired him as much as he did, perhaps - perhaps - even more than he did. He parted his lips, his thumb now trapped between his teeth, and they looked at each other, in a constant challenge. One provoked, the other answered. Castiel didn't need to read his protégé's mind to know exactly what he was thinking, for that desire - coursing through his veins - was similar for both. With his gaze still fixed in Dean's eyes, Castiel let his fingertip free, letting it guide him meekly toward the Hunter's sex. Silky skin rubbed against cracked lips, only to be almost completely engulfed in his mouth. Dean watched wide-eyed as his own erection disappeared between the boy's lips, feeling the sweet warmth of his mouth invade him. He could clearly feel his tongue moving slowly against his flesh, drawing small concentric circles and running the perimeter of his prominent veins. He didn't look away for a moment, reveling in the excited, languid gaze Castiel gave him in response. His hands tightened on her body - one on the base of her sex, the other against her buttocks - in an attempt to keep him from pulling away, to get more into her mouth. Dean bit down hard on his hand, clenched into a fist, as his pelvis moved propelled by an unseen force. His hips swayed back and forth, creating a magnificent friction.
Don’t make me say it. “I wouldn’t… I’m sorry, I… but you said you don’t mind and I know it’s not like that between us, it’s not going to be a big deal, I swear, I’m not like that and you’re not like that but I just--”
He got up awkwardly and waddled to retrieve his phone, collapsing back on the bed and cradling it to his cheek. This was a stupid, humiliating idea but he figured it was still less stupid and humiliating than being found dead in his apartmend with a vibrator up his ass because he was too weak to field his Heat on his own. Cas answered after the third ring.
“That means attractive,” Castiel replied. “Thank you. It’s… thank you.” He did not know what else to say. He found that he liked to be considered attractive. It was a nice feeling. He allowed Danny to suck his penis--with the condom on--and did his best to reciprocate, since it was the right thing to do. Afterwards, Danny laid back on the bed, completely naked.
Shit. Dean had forgotten his ‘avoid eye contact’ policy during their brief argument and now both him and Cas were leaning over the table, elbows planted on the worn wood to push their faces closer, as though proximity would make it easier for them to make their point. And Cas’s eyes were bright and blue and his lips were slightly parted--he was breathing heavily--and for one wild moment Dean thought Cas would punch him and he would fucking welcome it, yeah, a good brawl that’d get their blood up and let them work this weird tension off, that sounded almost as good as sex right now, and Dean had half a mind to goad Cas further. But then his friend exhaled and it was like the fight was punched out of him all of a sudden, and he slumped back into his chair. Dean was unaccountably disappointed.
“Yes, I… I mean. I’ve enjoyed, ah, giving my partners pleasure. I don’t mind it. But they seemed… put off by the fact that I was not very affected. I don’t know. It just seems easier not to do rather than face all the expectations I am simply not able to fulfill.”
He put on a pair of boxers, the blue jeans, the yellow bee socks, the running shoes, the ‘Good Girls Go to Heaven, Bad Girls Go Backstage’ t-shirt.
“Mmh. Dean.” Cas sighed contentedly. But he added: “if you’re trying to start something, I’m sorry to inform you that I will need some time to recover before I can participate.”
“Dean, you’re hurt,” Cas says, and he puts a palm on Dean’s chest. Dean looks down and sees blood pouring out, drenching Cas’s fingers, dripping on his wrist and staining the white cuff of his shirt.
“Uh… guys. Dudes. You could have said something if you were craving sausage, wouldn’t have tried to hook you up with all those girls, bud,” Dean tried to laugh it off, but the ‘shooting himself in the face’ plan hadn’t lost its appeal. Cas was staring right at him because why not, it wasn’t like avoiding eye contact might help this moment be a smidge less awkward.
“Pleasure to meet you, Danny; I am Castiel,” he replied, because it was the polite thing to do. “Yes, I believe another round of tequila would be just the thing. We are celebrating, you see.”
“But what about hookups?” Dean asked then. They were outside, listening to the steady hum of the bees. “I get not wanting a relationship--” big filthy lie, Dean Winchester, “--but everybody needs to knock boots sometimes. Wait, don’t tell me you’ve never…” he trailed off, disbelieving. Sure, Cas was a bit odd and not at all the stereotypical macho Alpha guy, but he was good looking and smelled nice and Dean couldn’t believe no pretty Omega lady had tried to get herself a piece of that. Cas blushed a little.
“The man in the corner. He is very attractive,” Cas repeated, easy as you please. Dean tried and failed to recover his cool.
“I did not scare you even when I was a warrior of Heaven. I’m just a human man now.” Dean laughed humorlessly.
“Come ON, man!” Dean exclaimed. “Pick something with a little more personality, would you? It won’t kill you.”
“He is attracted to me, yes.” Castiel answered. “He has invited me to meet him later for a sexual encounter.” Dean’s fingers clenched around his glass.
“Dude. Get comfortable, we’re going to be stuck together for like half an hour,” Dean said, not looking him in the eye. He made short work of the shirt and threw it on the floor. Cas was surprisingly ripped and Dean suppressed a groan. Don’t make this weird, don’t make this weird, don’t make…
“Just making sure there’s proof that you got laid. I still got a bet to win.” Dean answered. He got a soft bit of flesh between his teeth and bit, and sucked, and revelled in the way Cas breathed harder, twitching against him.
His cache of personal belongings kept growing. He had a gun now, and a small silver knife, an analog watch and a journal and pens so he could write down all the new and interesting things human life had to offer. Since he still had a lot to learn he also acquired books, books about how to converse and cook and dress and act. He made lists of novels and movies that were apparently very important to know, and Dean teased about him but also sat with him through all three Star Wars movies, despite having already seen them, which Castiel greatly appreciated. He liked the robots the best, especially the small blue and white one. It reminded him of Dean, somehow.
“Well, um,” Sam said finally, “I should tell you to have a chat with Dean about it but we both know that wouldn’t get you anywhere so, uh...I guess part of it is that, uh, you guys are really close.” He coughed. “Like, you know, a ‘bros before hoes’ thing’.”
“I assure you I am going to do all that is in my power to stay alive,” Castiel said, because he didn’t know what else to do.
Dean squirmed and Cas kissed his way down Dean’s torso, fingers finding his abused hole and easing inside so, so gently. Dean sighed in relief and embarrassment.
“You are insulting both your intelligence and mine if that is what you are getting out of this conversation,” Castiel hissed, well and truly enraged. “I don’t know why it’s so difficult for you to grasp that your human labels are not going to encompass what I am, or that any physical attraction I feel for anyone is NOTHING compared to everything I feel for you!”
In retrospect, the bet had not been the best idea. They were all keyed up from the hunt, and Dean off-handedly mentioned that he needed to find someone to get laid, stat. Sam rolled his eyes at him but it was such a token effort that Dean saw right through him. Sam liked to pretend he was above one-night-stands and that he was saving himself for his One True Love or something (that kid, seriously), but really after the thrill of a good hunt, with the adrenaline still buzzing in your veins and the sheer relief of having survived again, there really was nothing like a hard fuck.
“You don’t understand? That’s rich, cause I’ve been trying to understand you but you haven’t made it exactly easy, Cas!”
A couple of months later they were joined in Idaho by another hunter, Annie Hawkins, to assist her with a troublesome nest of vampires. Annie took a shine to Castiel and they engaged in sexual intercourse, which was pleasant and a bit rougher than what he had experienced before. Both Winchesters were in equal parts amused and embarrassed by this, as it came out than they’d each had sex with Annie, too (on separate occasions). Dean seemed to fixate on the fact that Castiel had had sex with a woman again, which Castiel did not understand the significance of. He had been aware that Dean places sexual activities in high regard and thought about them a lot, but he had not realized the extent of his fixation on the genders of the people involved. He finally told Sam as such, one day when Dean was out getting groceries. Sam pressed his lips into a thin line.
“You could stay, you know,” he offered, and Castiel considered it, but decided that he would rather wake up in the motel room with Sam and Dean rather than in Danny’s unfamiliar apartment.
One thing Castiel knew very well was that talking to Dean Winchester required a lot of finesse, planning and copious amounts of alcohol. The last item on the list was relatively easy to obtain, as Dean was thrilled when Castiel suggested they go out and drink; he was rarely the one to suggest it. Dean seemed in high spirits, and Castiel waited until he had imbibed a beer, then two, then three, then he suggested they drink shots and Dean laughed and took him up on that suggestion eagerly. Castiel watched his throat when Dean tipped his head back to down his shot, watched the adam’s apple bob as he swallowed. He was not the only person in the bar watching, but he had glared at every person who had looked at Dean or himself with even a hint of interest--tonight he was on a mission and he would not be derailed. Dean had noticed this but, to Castiel’s relief, he had not taken offense or insisted they go and find willing bedfellows for the night; he had simply laughed it off.
“Into… what?” He couldn’t be this fucking clueless. He just couldn’t be. Dean considered shooting himself.
Since when he was still an angel, he remembered, Dean had felt that it was his duty to make sure Castiel’s sexual life was adequate and fulfilling. Now that he was human, Dean decided a gentler approach was required. Apparently, when one was not in a rush on account of the world ending, the preferred method of obtaining Sex was to go to bars and pubs and other avenues of recreations and talk to women there.
Dean hates being an Omega. He hates it. He was a late bloomer, too he was seventeen and sure by then he was going to be a boring Beta--still a bit disappointed he wasn’t going to be an Alpha like his Dad, but it was alright--when the first Heat hit him and his life went down the shitter.
Sam came back then, holding a travel bag, the soft kind you’d hoist over your shoulder with a strap. A duffel bag. He tossed it in the cart. “Thought you’d need something to put all that in,” he said, and Castiel nodded gratefully. He paid for his new things with a credit card that said ‘John Fogerty’ and as soon as they were back in their shared motel room he went to the bathroom to change. (Dean had explained to him, looking very red in the face, that it was not the done thing to change in front of one’s friends.)
He was pleased. He glanced at his own bed, where the pile of his new belongings waited to be sorted and folded and put away in his bag. For the first time, he understood the dangers of greed, of being attached to material possessions. Before, he’d had strong feelings for his humans, for people, and objects had been merely functional to him. Now he saw it. They weren’t much, but he understood how the clothes he chose to wear were an intrinsic part of him, they marked his existence as a human on this plane. It was thrilling.
“Yeah, which means you’re gonna grow old and die, or, since you’re my friend, you’re not even gonna get that. You’ll just die horribly and it’ll be my fault.” He pitched forward so that his forehead was resting on Castiel’s knee. Castiel brought a hesitant hand down on the back of Dean’s head, kneading it gently. Dean sighed.
As he garnered from watching television shows, sexual intercourse and dating were another big part of human life. Dean had took it upon himself to give him ‘The Talk’, as he put it, which was about the dangers of transmissible sexual diseases, how to prevent pregnancy and the importance to make sure the woman you wanted to sleep with was unattached before making advances. Dean also took him to buy condoms, one of which had to be put in the wallet next to the money and the documents and the pictures. It was very kind of him, Castiel thought, especially since he seemed to find the entire ordeal even more embarrassing than the deodorant debacle. Castiel did not quite understand, since he had no problems providing him with the exact length and girth of his penis so that Dean could help him fight the right size of condoms, but he found that Dean had trouble looking him in the eye for a while after that.
Castiel’s second sexual encounter took place in Boston, after they hunted down a restless ghost that had been carving intricate roses on people’s backs and leaving his victims to die of exsanguination. The man had been a gardener in life. After they burned down the last tree he had planted, the one that his soul had attached itself to, Castiel and the Winchester brothers went to a bar to celebrate by drinking alcohol.
“Cheers!” Danny smiled up at him, all dimples and laughing eyes, and poured tequila in two shot glasses with a practiced hand. “What are you guys celebrating? Nice name, by the way, I don’t think I’ve heard it before. Are your parents hippies or something?”
The thing was, Dean wasn’t doing this for the sake of his pride only. Cas let him get away with a lot but he was pretty sure his friend wasn't doing this to humor him. Dean knew him and could tell that Cas really wanted to have sex right the fuck now--poor bastard was still getting used to having a human body pumped full of hormones and a dick that acted out like everybody else’s. Dean wasn’t sure how that shit worked back when he was an angel: he remembered Cas getting a boner from pop-up bad pornography, remembered… whatever that was with Meg; further back, he remembered Cas being scared but intrigued when Dean dragged him to a brothel. But he was pretty sure Cas was somehow feeling more and more often now that he was walking the Earth for good. He could see it. And he wanted to help.
He decided he liked the colors blue and yellow most of all, which led to his decision to purchase a blue and yellow striped pair of pyjamas, although Dean insisted he didn’t need them. “I am absolutely certain that it is customary for humans to have a separate outfit for sleeping,” Castiel told him firmly, “and I am determined to start my human life the proper way.” He looked forward to sleeping, truth be told. He had seen enough of Dean’s dreams and was extremely curious about what his own mind would concoct. Finally he decided he had all that he needed, when Dean stopped him in his tracks with a gentle hand around his elbow.
Castiel let his gaze roam across the spread of clothes in front of him, endless shelves full of different garments, plain, colorful, patterned, made of many different fabrics, cut in even more varied shapes. How was he supposed to know what to choose? He looked down at his cart again, which was mostly empty. So far he had gotten underwear--three pairs of black boxers, after the brothers had very firmly talked him out of tighty-whiteys for reasons he did not understand, a white dress shirt and a black two-piece suit. He had thought he’d gotten the hang of it, but then Dean had said that the suit would be fine for when they impersonated government agents but he could not wear it all the time. He let out an exasperated sigh.
And then, obviously, is when the lights come on and Sam grunts: “Guys, what the fuck is going oOOOH!” And Dean is kneeling on the floor with an inch of cock in his mouth like the world’s strangest lollipop.
Danny smiled at him again. Castiel belatedly realized that Dean had been uncharacteristically silent during the whole exchange, and turned his head to look at him. Dean was staring at Castiel and Danny the bartender with an inquisitive look Castiel found hard to make sense of. It was like Dean was trying to tell him something, or perhaps ask him a question with his eyes, but Castiel could not understand what it was. He was about to ask when Dean stood up abruptly, said “I better go find Sammy,” and he was gone.
He fell asleep on the couch. The room is dark, the tv screen frozen on a close-up of the lead character’s face, and Cas is leaning over him, peering at his face. The thing that Dean thought he felt on his crotch? That was the fucking empty popcorn bowl, and he apparently started bucking his hips up under it in his sleep because he’s that much of a sad fuck. It’s tilted already, and Dean tracks it with his eyes as it gently slides off his lap and lands on the couch cushion.
“I, um, I didn’t know you were into… that.” He said lamely, rubbing a hand on the back of his neck. Cas frowned.
“Not in the mood tonight, Cas?” He asked. His green eyes were bright with the influence of alcohol, which was close enough to happiness. Castiel stared at him.
“Dude, the job’s done, you have every right to enjoy yourself!” Sam laughed and slapped a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “You have money for a taxi after? Or want one of us to pick you up from the guy’s place?” It was a generous offer, if unneeded, and Castiel was about to decline when Dean said loudly: “Like we don’t have anything else to do than play chauffers for Cas?” He was still looking at the table. Castiel frowned.
Yeah, so Dean has a thing for his best friend. It’s not a big deal, all right? It was probably bound to happen, what with all the years they spent fighting together, saving each other’s life, pulling each other back from the Dark Side over and over like some kind of bullshit urban fantasy read all the chicks go gaga over. Point is, it’s a war buddy situation: they’ve seen the deepest, darkest sides of each other, they’ve been through stuff no one else could comprehend, emotions running high, adrenaline, et cetera. It’s NOT a big deal, it’s just that somewhere along the way Dean got some wires crossed in his brain and Cas ended up a recurring guest star in his spank bank, that’s it. So what? Dean’s an adult. He’s mature enough to know that everybody jerks off to weird things sometimes and it doesn’t really mean anything.
He let out an absurdly loud moan when Cas’s tongue joined his fingers, laving at the reddened skin, lapping up his slick. Dean writhed on the mattress, absolutely out of his goddamn mind with lust. Was this what it was like to have an Alpha with you during the Heat? It was mind-blowingly good but also terrifying. Cas could have taken out a knife right now and carved his initials on Dean’s ribcage and Dean would have thanked him. He babbled incoherently, hips stuttering up to press himself even closer onto Cas’s face, and Cas’s free hand wrapped around Dean’s cock.
“Lonely, and overexcited from our earlier hunt and, well, prideful, I suppose. Your brother’s teasing struck a chord and…”
“Dean is my friend and he is male,” Castiel said hesitantly, “but he is not my ‘boyfriend’. Oh, that was a compliment--thank you,” he added, thinking back to Danny’s comment about the blue eyes. He had blue eyes. Now Danny was grinning again.
Cas had taken over the plot of land next to Singer Salvage when the cranky old owner, Cain, had kicked the bucket. He was a quiet guy, tended to his bees and sold little jars of honey at the farmer’s market. He was an Alpha, could be demanding and abrasive on occasion but he was also kind and funny in his own weird way and Dean, despite himself, quickly grew to consider him a friend. They’d drink beer together on Cas’s porch and watch bad television, and not once did Cas make an unwanted advance towards him. When asked about it, he confessed shyly that he didn’t think he was suited for the mated life, he had always been single and liked it that way.
Dean had been in the process of taking a sip of his drink, and he was so startled he spat it on the table.
“Hey, Cas,” he whispered. “You dog, sneaking out in the middle of the night. I figured you’d be the type of guy to stay for breakfast in bed.”
“...but you’ve not been human for very long, I think you should give it a little more time before you start trolling the bars for hookups.”
“Okay, sorry Oprah,” for a moment Dean looked as if he was getting genuinely angry, then he let out a sigh and his shoulders relaxed. “Yeah, no, I’m sorry, Cas. You haven’t done anything. I just didn’t expect you were gonna hook up with a dude, it’s all. It’s a little unexpected. But hey, more power to you!” He was looking at Castiel now, which was an improvement, but there was still something in his gaze that Castiel couldn’t decipher.
“Cas,” he says carefully. “Either you didn’t enjoy what we just did at all, in which case I’d feel like the world’s shittiest friend…” he sneaks a quick glance to Cas’s crotch to check that it’s not the case, and thankfully his friend looks rock hard in his stupid slacks. “Or you did and you think I just wouldn’t reciprocate. In which case I’d also feel like the world’s shittiest friend.”
Dean came back a few hours later, thoroughly intoxicated. Castiel felt him enter the room, stumble into the bathroom and vomit loudly and, although he was still angry, he sighed, got up and went to Dean. He rubbed his back gently as he threw up and handed him a glass of water when he was finished.He realized that there were tears pooling in Dean’s eyes, running down on his cheeks.
So Castiel had another drink with his friends and left them to join Danny the bartender at the end of his shift and followed him to his apartment. He lived with a room-mate but the room-mate was out for the night. Danny’s room was small but well-lived, with posters and pictures lining the walls. He pulled Castiel down on the unmade bed and they kissed. Castiel had not realized that Danny had a piercing on his tongue, which caused unfamiliar yet intriguing sensations. They undressed--Castiel was wearing the black trench coat tonight, the one Dean had picked--and Danny manifested the desire to practice fellation on him, which Castiel thought would be an extremely pleasant experience. He halted the proceedings to grab the condom from his wallet, where it stayed all the time, and when Danny said that he didn’t mind going without, Castiel reminded him that venereal diseases could be caught through oral sex, too, and that it would not be wise to forego protection. Danny laughed breathlessly.
It happens on an otherwise unremarkable Friday night. All three of them settle on the couch for a Netflix marathon and within two episodes of some cop show Dean’s falling asleep like an old man. He just drifts off like that, falling into a hazy dream when suddenly he’s the one walking around the grisly crime scene, and Cas gets out of a police cruiser. Cas is wearing sunglasses and he looks incredibly cool like that, and not at all like a douchebag somehow.
“I don’t understand why my ‘hooking up with a dude’ should be of any consequence,” Castiel said slowly, puzzled.
Music appeared to be another important feature of being a human and although Castiel wasn’t quite as passionate about it as Dean, he somehow ended up in possession of a second hand Johnny Cash cassette, which he popped into the Impala’s stereo those rare times it was his turn to choose the music. He found it soothing.
“I don’t want anything from you, Dean!” He too was getting angry now. “I just wanted to be very clear on the fact that I love you, which you should already know since I’ve died for you--twice--and Fell from Heaven for you, and I have joined your quest and your life and follow you everywhere. I did not tell you before because I thought it didn’t even need to be said, but apparently I misjudged your intellectual prowess!”
After that, it was all pills, suppressants and birth-control, and scent-masking body spray, and dodging lewd comments from knothead Alphas in bars, and Beta and Omega women turning their nose up at him because he apparently wasn’t man enough anymore.
He was on the bed, sobbing as he worked himself up and down on the vibrator, precariously wedged between two pillows so it’d stay upright. It felt too small, the shape was wrong, it hurt his insides as it scraped against his channel despite the excessive amount of slick gushing out of him. He was three days into the Heat and he felt like scraping his skin off with his fingernails; he’d swear it had never been so bad. Dean whined as he came, a small pitiful excuse for an orgasm. He fumbled under himself to press the button on the toy and felt the synthetic knot inflate, locking the vibe in place, stretching just under his rim. “Fuck,” he gasped, defeated. He knew he had fifteen, maybe twenty minutes of clear-headedness ahead before the need would start ramping up again, he was sore, exhausted and in pain and he simply could not take it anymore.
“Cas… stay.” He whispered, voice rough. Castiel stayed. He flushed the toilet while Dean grabbed his toothbrush and started cleaning his mouth with the sort of vicious strokes usually reserved for carving up demons. After a while, Castiel wouldn’t have been surprised if his gums were bleeding. They were silent in the fluorescent light of the motel bathroom.
“I don’t know that I have ‘moves’,” Cas said against Dean cheek, bodies so close Dean thought they might melt into one another forever and he ached for it. “I’ve wanted you for a long time and I want to do everything--everything--to you, Dean.” And Dean was shivering in his arms now because being wanted like that? It was terrifying but he was greedily hoarding every word in his mind, to drink it all in later.
“What wrong idea is there to ‘get’, Dean?” Castiel frowned. “I didn’t mean to say that I care about you. I do, but I care about quite a few people, I even care about things. I love you.”
Dean had lived with Heats for ten years by now and had nothing good to say about them. He knew there were moments--that could stretch and last for hours, days even--when he felt like he would die if someone didn’t bend him over and knot him properly. He’d sweat, ache and cry, try to stave off the worst of the pain with a vibrator and his overactive imagination until eventually the feeling receded and he felt like he could breathe again. He knew it was just a matter of waiting. He did. But this time it hit him harder than ever before.
“I’m just sayin’” Dean was truly enjoying himself now. “With those baby blues there and his clueless shtick, I’m pretty sure all the ladies here will be goners. You’re gonna be stuck with Rosie Palm, Sammy.”
“Aw, shit,” Danny said ruefully. “There I go again, not thinking. He’s your boyfriend? I swear I wasn’t trying to start shit up, I just go a little dizzy when I see a pair of beautiful blue eyes.”
“Best damn sex I’ve ever had.” Dean chastised himself internally. Way to fit the needy Omega stereotype to a T, Winchester. But it was hard to feel bad about it when he saw Cas’s surprised little half-smile.
Dean grinned wide around the neck of his beer bottle. This was too good for words. A chance to introduce his best friend to the world of earthly pleasures and Sam’s oft restrained inner caveman coming out to play? Gold. “Wanna bet?”
“Is something funny, Dean?” Cas honest to god growled, and the look in his eyes screamed bloody murder. It would have been even funnier if it wasn’t also--okay--pretty arousing. Dean reached down to where Cas’s hand was still wrestling with his belt buckle, covered it with his own.
Their first few times were not particularly successful, since Castiel did not know how powerfully the alcohol would affect him, but he slowly got the hang of it. He eventually learned how much he could drink so he would feel pleasantly relaxed but not enough that it would affect his focus, reasoning and ability to have an erection. One night in California he was having a pleasant conversation with a young woman named Kelly, who was short, of Asian descent, has a generous chest and wore wide, red-rimmed glasses. She was studying for her doctorate in Sociology and worked in a fast-food restaurant, and she talked about the difficulties of life while remaining light hearted and good-natured. Castiel liked that. About half an hour into their acquaintance, Dean pulled him aside and informed him that Kelly was ‘into him’ and that he should ‘go for it’, and so he did. He followed Kelly out to her car, which was a good deal smaller and therefore more uncomfortable than the Impala, and they kissed and he fondled her breast and let her undo the fly of his trousers (he had worn the bottom half of his FBI suit that night), and she stroked his erection to climax, and he also touched her, taking great care to find the clitoris, since most magazines stressed the importance of doing so, and curling two fingers into her vaginal channel until she squealed with pleasure. Kelly offered him tissues to clean himself up, and she handed him a scrap of paper with her telephone number written on it. Her glasses were crooked and she was smiling widely, it was a nice sight. Castiel thanked her for a pleasant experience and left the car.
He blinks his eyes open lazily, world thoroughly rocked. Beside him, Cas is sheepishly wiping his hand with leftover paper napkins from their earlier snackfest. Dean watches him ball up the napkins and stand up and his brain struggles online.
The hunter's eyes raced to the angel's face, meeting the two pools of sky in place of his eyes, reading all the desire he felt, similar to his own. "Cas," whispered Dean in response, in an erotic prayer, a plea for help that only he could and should grant. Their lips met, in a carnal kiss, rough, devoid of any logical sense. They pressed against each other, in an attempt to feel, feel, feel, more and more. Castiel's eyes were two blue pools of desire, the pupil dilated, the languid gaze he cast in Dean's direction. And Dean couldn't help but grow harder and harder under that look of erotic pleading. The Hunter fumbled with the angel's classically cut belt and pants, quickly lowering them and leaving him alone with his underwear as well.
Castiel's hard, rigid expression seemed to collapse, for an instant, as his mind was shot through with the least chaste and pure thoughts that could exist.
"We need to talk about what happened yesterday," Castiel said finally, trying to make his own tone as calm and warm as possible. Dean seemed to ignore his words, still intent on attending to his own dental hygiene. What Castiel didn't know, however, was when the hunter was actually burning with the desire to find those wonderful, sinful lips pressed against his own. Yes, he told himself, he would gladly sell his soul to the devil again, just so he could taste Castiel's lips again.
He could feel the warmth of Castiel's body - yes, because to him that belonged exclusively to Castiel - and it only made the blood boil in his veins. Blind passion assailed him, and in a few moments he found himself kneeling before Cas. The angel looked up at him from under his long lashes, an expression both confused and excited at the same time. A mischievous smile formed on Dean's lips, slowly, as he completely undressed his little angel. That, broke the last barrier of demureness that had remained between the two of them; Castiel was now in his most purely human form. Undressed, proud in his nakedness and hardness, which couldn't help but draw Dean's incredibly ravenous attention. He brushed his fingertips over the angel's muscular legs, slowly moving up to the other, aiming for the pelvis. He felt incredibly powerful, and at the same time succubus: that's how Castiel made him feel, constantly. Victim and executioner. And it made him alive, damn alive. "I see you finally knelt before a soldier of God," Castiel's voice was hoarse, unsteady, uncertain. And here he too was showing himself to be succubus and executioner. Dean's short, hoarse laugh shook the angel's entire body, sending shivers of excitement through him. "I'm not devoted to any god," he murmured, before throwing himself down to taste the other man's sinful fruit. He slowly took Cas's hard, hot erection between his lips, sending Dean's taste buds into raptures. The smell of the angel there was stronger, intoxicating him with its pure essence. He moved calmly, slowly, assaying inch by inch the other's hard flesh, enjoying torturing him deliciously with a particular focus of his tongue. Cas was now a mass of moans and gasps, unable to decipher all the sensations he was feeling, new, hot, heavenly. He felt his own body burning under those laps, under Dean's sometimes slow and sometimes rough touch. "Dean!" he exclaimed, his eyes narrowed and his hands clasped in the other man's hair. He wanted to have him closer, to feel his own erection sink between the Hunter's wet, sinful lips. He wanted more, demanded more. "More, Dean...don't stop," he bellowed, disconnected thoughts devoid of all logic leaving his lips, until he reached his own pleasure, screaming his Hunter's name and pouring between his lips. Dean didn't move, he stayed and took in everything Cas had to offer him, enjoying watching him in primal pleasure.
"You're still defending him?" he snickered, mouth closed, feeling paralyzed by the desire to punch that angelic face.
"The most carcinogenic one you know," he gave him a sarcastic half-smile, and then grabbed the cardboard bag that had been brought to him and left the store without even saying goodbye.
"Wait, wait...what about Sam?" he asked, Castiel, in a flash of clarity. He remembered with certainty that he'd felt his presence when Dean had called him, but he hadn't paid attention to it since he'd followed him out of the bathroom. A throaty laugh invaded the boy, whose chest began to vibrate from the unexpected hilarity. "Cas, do you think I would have ever approached you so brazenly if my brother had been there?" he asked, a boyish smile on his lips. Castiel frowned, noting how effectively his observation was misplaced. He smiled mischievously, Dean, pulling the boy closer against his body again. "Were you hitting on me?" he murmured, Castiel, looking at him with demure shyness. He could feel Dean's breath break against his lips, leaving him in longing anticipation. He was shaken by a desire he'd never felt in his life. Angels had no emotions, they were God's soldiers whose only job was to obey. Yet ever since he'd saved Dean, a connection had formed that he couldn't describe. Every action of the angel seemed to be a function of the happiness and serenity of the other. Emotions that for a first moment he had ignored, because they didn't seem strange, emotions that he traced solely and exclusively to his divine mission. But the jealousy that had erupted in his chest at the vision of Anna and Dean had been devastating, unfamiliar, uncontrollable. He couldn't bear the idea that the other's body could even be touched by someone other than himself. Dean seemed to ignore his words, deciding instead to torture his neck with kisses and bites. He held him by the hips, as if Castiel intended to escape those attentions. But the reality was quite different: Castiel was slowly slipping into a whirlwind of lascivious sensations. Every fiber of his body tensed toward those unknown and exciting caresses. He felt his spirit animated by a new force, a blinding passion that slid like lava through his veins. He found himself moaning without even knowing what it really meant. His brain turned off, focused solely and exclusively on one thing: Dean, Dean, Dean.
"I- I have to go," he said only, his eyes slightly liquid and vacant. He didn't bother waiting for a word from the other, he decided to escape as quickly as possible. In his heart he hoped the angel would follow him, seize him, take him back to that room and then give himself to him in all the most obscene ways he knew how. And, Dean be damned, he was also quite attracted to the idea of coming back to indulge in that heavenly pleasure, but part of himself told himself that he had to think about it with a clear head. After his escape, he slowly made his way back to his own motel, letting the crisp evening air hit him full in the face, bringing him back to reality.
At that point, it was a race to the finish line. The bumpy thrusts, the moans, the "please, harder" meows from Cas, all led to only one thing. The orgasm caught them unprepared, one moment they were insulting each other, and the next Dean had poured every last drop into Cas as he inhumanly charged and came hard in the Hunter's fist. They settled hastily, their movements excited and their bodies completely shaken.
They were both out of breath, too shaken by what had just happened. Squeezed in an embrace that was both sweet and erotic, they looked into each other's eyes. Just glances, no words, but that was enough for them. "Thank you, Cas," whispered, Dean, smiling softly. "What exactly are you thanking me for?" the angel asked, back, looking at him confused. "For believing in me then, for believe in me now, and for always seeing good in me," he said, before looking away, embarrassed. "I understand," Castiel said alone, taking refuge in his reflective silence. Their bodies were still intimately close, drawn together like two magnets so they could pull apart. "Dean?" called back Castiel, looking at him firmly. "Yes, Cas?" he replied, this time him confused by his gaze. "You'll never be alone as long as I'm around. I'll always be here when you need me. You'll never be alone," he said, making Dean's heart melt from a steel grip. It was true, he would never be alone, with Castiel by his side.
"You're a goddamn vicious angel, Cas. You think I don't know that you provoked me on purpose?" he told him, Dean, seasoning his words with a more ponderous thrust. Cas actually screamed at this point, driving his nails into the Hunter's neck. "Shut up and fuck me, I know it's a recurring fantasy for you," he murmured, his breath short, his eyes glazed over and his body shaken by a thousand shivers. Dean's hoarse laughter shook him completely, pouring into him like warm honey, bringing him closer and closer to the edge. "And I know you couldn't wait to get fucked like that, could you, little angel?" he murmured, against his ear, biting down just a little, before grabbing hold of his own erection and making him moan roguishly.
"You're only mine, Dean," he growled, Cas, before pouring out again and staining their chests. Dean, not so far from climaxing in turn, tightened his grip on the other's hips, moving with quick, close hits. "It's you, Cas, it's always been you, my only God," he whispered to him, with a gentleness that clashed with the rough thrusts. They kissed one last time, before Dean poured into Castiel, branding him as his, forever.
"You've been my guardian angel for a while now, you should know that sex and girls are my only belief" he murmured, almost seductively, quickly shedding the shirt he wore to sleep. He was shirtless now, and at the slightest movement Castiel could see the mighty muscles dart out. He gave him a mischievous look from over his shoulder, before shedding his baggy pants as well, remaining only in his boxers.
"Cas, move over," Dean murmured, darkly, stubbornly not turning his gaze to her face. He quivered, from desire, from jealousy, and he feared - he knew - that if he didn't move closer to her body, he would commit indecent exposure. And he would also fuck - and maybe shoot - anyone who got in the way to stop them. "Look at me," he ordered, Castiel, a hard expression on his face, lifting his chin and locking his gaze in hers.
"Aren't you supposed to... I don't know, get me healed too?" asked, wryly, Dean, looking at him with an arched eyebrow, waiting for him to do his duty. Castiel finally looked at him with a critical eye, noting that indeed the elder Winchester was quite battered as well. Part of himself, the vengeful one that belonged to his God-soldier nature, told him to let it go, not to bend to what were once again, his desires.
"Do you want me?" he asked, stepping over the barrier of the shirt he wore, essaying the angel's warm skin for the first time. "Do you want me?" he asked again, pushing down the khaki trench coat, letting it fall to the floor unceremoniously. "Yes," he groaned, finally intoxicated by the human's touch. It was too much, too much to bear, and yet so magnificently satisfying. He felt himself on the edge of a precipice, ready to plunge into the most carnal and sinful passion.
"Sam, that's why I don't understand why they saved me. I didn't deserve this, Sammy, I don't deserve to be here," he said, finally, and then walked back toward the driver's seat.
"God, Castiel, you're going to drive me crazy," he muttered, and then opened his eyes, determined to start that day like any other. The first thing he saw, as soon as he could focus the room, were Castiel's impossibly blue eyes. His breath caught in his throat, feeling stupidly violated in the privacy of the bathroom. He took a hesitant step forward, more trying to show off his swagger than anything else. He was grateful to be wearing a pair of pajama pants that were definitely loose, because otherwise he wouldn't have known how to explain the instant erection that had formed. Damn him, angel! And damn his hormones going crazy for him.
"She was still human, and she decided to give herself one last earthly pleasure, before shoving that angelic broom up her ass you all have," he growled, contemptuously. It was impossible, inconceivable to him that Castiel, the angel, the soldier of God, would be there to lecture him about a one-night stand. Anna and Dean had met at the moment when they were both broken inside. Two broken souls, alone, unable to express their pain to others. And they had kept each other company, loved, if only for one night. Dean had allowed himself to wade in, to really look, laying bare all his insecurities, his fears, his pain and torment that wouldn't let him be free. Physically he was on earth, breathing, living, yet a part of himself was still confined there, in Hell. Not only in dreams, even when he allowed himself to let go for a moment, he remembered what had been inflicted on him and what he himself inflicted on other damned souls. And he liked it. He had washed away his pain with sin. Sin that would never leave him. His soul was soiled, dirty, filthy. He had no chance to redeem himself.
He noticed a bench nearby, deserted, and sat down with little grace. He took the pack of cigarettes, lit one, and began to smoke it greedily. Immediately the bitter taste of nicotine invaded his mouth, entering his lungs with force. Without realizing it, he finished it in a few puffs, finding the stub still burning in his hands. He threw it to the ground, without care, and immediately took another one. It was all very quick: the flame of the lighter went out in a second, a stormy wind arose, and he distinctly heard the deafening sound of festive bells.
"What happened between you and Anna?" he asked, in a low, hoarse voice. Dean was speechless for a moment, confused, trying to metabolize what he had been asked. His expression changed abruptly, from confused to enraged. He contracted his jaw hard, making it even sharper and more pronounced. "What on earth do you care! Does it go against your fucking angel rules to get a healthy fuck?!" he exploded in rage at the other, letting all the tension, the anger, the pain pour out against that unwitting victim.
"Fuck!" he exclaimed as he felt Castiel lower himself fully onto his erection. He could feel with every fiber of his being, Castiel's hot, feverish body, his walls gripping him tightly in a deadly, erotic vice. He gripped his hips tightly as he felt him move on his pelvis, lowering himself deeper and deeper, letting every inch of Dean's flesh enter him completely.
"Dean," he bellowed, his lower lip clenched in the grip of his own teeth to keep himself from being obscenely succumbing to that passion. "Tell me, Cas, what do you desire?" the hunter asked in a warm, seductive tone, speaking directly against his ear, then reaching down to nibble on the soft, sensitive lobe.
"I'm yours?" he asked, the hunter, in an attempt to come across as mocking. He looked deeply into his eyes, wondering if when he'd had sex with Anna he'd felt the same sensations. Maybe it was the amazing effect of the angels. Castiel's expression changed, as if he'd sensed his thoughts, and a low, almost primal, animalistic growl spread through Dean's mind, leaving him breathless and incredibly aroused. "Don't think about her," he intimated, tightening his grip on his arm even more. The words spoken by the other had the opposite effect: in an attempt to keep the memories of the night spent with Anna out of his mind, he found himself reliving them. Traitorous mind! Clutched in the angel's steel grip, and with all his senses on high alert, it didn't take Dean long to realize what was happening. Castiel's lips had fallen angrily to Dean's, demanding a kiss that tasted both sacred and profane. They pressed against each other, bodies colliding, tongues fighting, and unrelenting desire flowing into each other's bodies. They separated only when Dean found himself gasping for air and trying to make sense of everything that had just happened. He could still feel the heat of Castiel's lips on his own, the sweet, fresh, intoxicating taste of the angel's mouth in his own. He smelled it on him, knew it, felt it. And hell, he loved it. Yet he was confused. He didn't know what had happened - or rather, how it could have happened - he didn't know why, and what it meant to him - to them. He took a step away from Castiel's figure, still upset and too high strung to reason rationally. Castiel had kissed him, he had no doubt about that. And he'd kissed him back, hell yes, and he'd damn well liked it. But he was confused, he needed to think, to reason with a clear head.
"You called me," he said, Castiel, with an unflappable calm. His eyes gave him a serious look, as if he were awaiting a particular order. And, God, Dean would have loved to have been giving orders to his beautiful angel. "I'm sorry, I- I didn't mean to call you," he said, simply, shrugging. He walked past the angel figure to the sink and - finally - brushed his teeth. He kept his gaze down, contemplating the water that flowed incessantly, even though he felt Cas' eyes burning his back. He felt his presence, behind him, and had to keep himself at the sink to not assault him and make it his at that very moment, in a motel bathroom, with his brother in the other room. "We need to talk," he sentenced, serious, advancing in his direction and taking a seat at his side. All he had to do to see him was turn his head a few inches to the left, but he didn't feel like laying himself bare like that. He watched his gaze from the mirror - filthy and definitely of low quality - trying not to be at all impressed by his tone.
And he was right, damn it! He felt lost, plunged into an abyss he didn't know, where he could only hear, see, want Castiel. They threw themselves on the bed, both panting, Dean almost completely naked, and Castiel with his shirt open over his muscular chest.
"And you know it wasn't my decision to save you from damnation," he murmured, intently watching the other's lips, now parted to let out a shaky breath.
Sam and Dean were petrified on the spot - Cas only indulged in physical contact with Dean, he'd never even hinted at hugging Sam.
"No need to apologize...it's okay," Castiel said, before encircling the boy's shoulders and yanking him into an awkward hug.
"Dean," a gasp escaped Castiel's sinful lips, a prayer, an unfamiliar desire, and Dean decided to go along with it, to make his wish come true. Tight against his own body he began to walk in the direction of his own bed, still unmade, and mending the dream - definitely pushed - that he had experienced that night. A part of his mind told him that his imagination was nothing compared to reality.
"I don't understand your colloquial expressions...why would anyone end up with their head up their anal orifice?" he asked, with cold calm. Sam huffed out a giggle, determined not to answer that question for anything in the world. "Stop talking you two back there, we have a job to do," and with that lapidary sentence - in more than a pissed off tone - he put an end to that exchange of banter. Sam gave Castiel an enquiring look, then quickened his pace to follow his brother. Castiel lagged behind the other two, deep in thought. For days he had been analyzing a particular feature of the relationship between him and Dean: the latter, especially in the presence of third parties - and Sam - tended to appear detached towards him, as if trying to hide the affection that united them. He had searched for a plausible explanation - among the thousands of variables that existed - but had not been able to find a satisfactory one - and had analyzed them all. So, in the end, he had simply surrendered to reality: Dean considered Castiel nothing more than a mere body with which to share carnal pleasure. In his place, if there had been a girl - as had happened over and over again - he would have acted the same way.
Dean's awakening was less traumatic than usual. He opened his eyes slowly, unhurriedly adjusting to the light filtering through the dark curtains that were still closed. He turned to Sam's bed, finding it empty, but still unmade. He felt rested, for the first time in months. Specifically, for the first time since Castiel had rescued him from Hell. He sighed at the thought of Cas, realizing not only that he hadn't had nightmares, but that he had dreamed of the angel. Confusing images swirled through his mind: the other's soft, fleshy lips, the blue eyes that looked at him like he was one of the wonders of the world. He could still feel the warmth of the other man's lips on his own. He stroked his mouth slowly, as if terrified that the heavenly sensation would vanish forever. He was still sensitive to the touch, almost as if he'd been kissed all night.
"Do you know what Anna said to me? Yes, just before I fucked her," he pretended to ignore the other man's guttural cry in response to his words. "She told me that more than anything, she longed to be like us humans. To have feelings, pleasure, pain, and that what he wanted most was... sex," he whispered the last word against the angel's ear drum, faking a moan. And finally he had what he had wanted most since he had seen him appear before him in the bathroom: his lips pressed tightly against his. He grasped his face angrily, as if afraid that he might regain a shred of sanity and decide to pull away. He tangled his fingers in his dark curls, drowning in his lips with desire. He moaned into her mouth as he felt his hands - hot as hell and wonderful as heaven - move deftly over his body. He tasted all the curves, the toned muscles, the scars that defined that manly, exciting body. Yes, even for an angel Dean was definitely hot. He angrily bit the hunter's sinful lips, as if to punish him for his provocation, and continued to torture him until he had to pull away to breathe. Dean's eyes were liquid, glossy with desire, his lips swollen, red, vermilion and full of bite. He looked at Castiel as if - for the first time - he realized there was an angel standing next to him. "You. You are. Mine," he punctuated, in a gravelly voice, the same phrase that had been echoing in Dean's mind since the night before. The human was out of breath, gasping for some oxygen, and at those words he could only suppress a groan of excitement. Castiel's hard expression softened, and he took to stroking his face lovingly. He could feel Dean's thoughts bouncing around in his own mind. He felt the guilt, the terror of being wrong, dirty, unfit. The angel's attentions to him were impossible to accept. He was unworthy, unworthy of his brother's love, of the determination with which he believed him innocent. And unworthy of the trust Castiel, the angels, and all of creation placed in him. "Dean..." whispered Castiel softly, placing a kiss on the corner of his mouth. "Dean, never believe that you are unworthy of being loved. Not by your brother, not by God. You were chosen, Dean, and that makes you the purest and most wonderful of people," then kissed him again. The passion that had gripped them until then was dissipating, giving way to a less impetuous and more pure desire. They continued kissing for an infinite time, letting their bodies come closer, touching, brushing against each other, without haste.
"Thank you, thank you so much!" he exclaimed, the young victim, before throwing himself against Castiel's body. The angel remained still, frozen in place, still too shaken to reciprocate that affectionate exchange, typical of humans. "I-I... I'm sorry," the young man said, backing away from the angel's body, under Dean's burning gaze of jealousy. That this kid was hitting on his angel?
At the exact moment they stepped into the bar, Dean called himself stupid for suggesting that they go out, and even more so for thinking that this would be the perfect opportunity to resolve the thorny situation between him and Castiel. The angel, for a reason unknown to him, preferred to converse with the little boy they had saved from that bunch of filthy demons. Obviously the Hunter was happy that the boy was okay, but he couldn't help but wonder "why the hell did he have to hit on his own boyfriend?" a boyfriend, by the way, who had decided to ignore his existence. She hated when those situations arose, Castiel was damn hard to understand.
"In fact, you could say that sex and girls are my only God," his breath caught in a second as Castiel pushed him hard against the wall. He felt his breath leave his lungs, for a moment, leaving him gasping for oxygen. Castiel's face was a span away from his own, his expression hard, furious. He pushed his arm hard against his throat, holding him against the wall with his whole body to prevent any source of escape. "Don't say such profanities in my presence," he growled against his lips, his eyes ablaze with blind passion. "Or what?" whispered - nay, gasped - Dean in response, letting a small mischievous smile form on his lips. Castiel contracted his jaw, causing the already normally austere features of his face to harden deliciously. "You want to test the wrath of a soldier of God?" he demanded, angrily, pushing against the hunter's body until their bodies were completely joined. Dean could feel Castiel's dysphragm rise and fall, unconsciously dictating the rhythm of his breathing as well. "You knew well, Castiel, when you saved me from eternal damnation that I'm anything but a saint," he whispered against the angel's lips, which twitched for a moment. Castiel's breath against his own face was cool, familiar, exciting.
"I don't have anything to say to you, but if you want to talk, be my guest," he said, clenching the toothbrush between his teeth and looking at it sideways.
"Dean?" called out to him, again, Sam, turning a worried look on him. Dean cleared his throat, trying to push through the hint of excitement that had inexorably encompassed him at the thought of the angel. "Yes, sorry, I was overthinking it," he replied, after a while, disguising his own discomfort. He got up, with his usual listless attitude, and went to the bathroom with the excuse of having to brush his teeth. He closed the door with force, as if trying to wake up from a daydream, and leaned his back against it wearily. He closed his eyes, sighing, trying to regain control of his body.
After rinsing - for the third time - his mouth, he decided he had taken the time to do something he usually did in ten minutes in the morning. He turned back to Castiel, arching an eyebrow, still waiting for the other to speak. They watched each other for what seemed to Dean far too long. He could list all the fine lines of expression on Castiel's face, the darker shades of blue that littered the clear eyes. And Castiel, on the other hand, had managed to count - well, not that it was the first time - the freckles that made Dean's face look more boyish, if still manly and handsome.
Castiel's blue eyes seemed to penetrate him, probing his soul, trying to get his every dark secret. The Hunter clenched his fists tightly, driving his nails into his palms, forcing himself to remain still, to do nothing.
He was tied with his hands against his back, in a stiff and uncomfortable position, his eyes closed, his face bowed where an expression of pain could be clearly read. "P-please..." he whispered, before being touched gently on the source by Castiel. The angel's fingers were cool against the boy's skin, sweating from the effort of breaking free and the stinging pain. A trickle of blood sprang from the corner of his mouth, his lip split, his cheekbones swollen. Within moments, the pain ceased completely. The face came back clean, showing the features of what was barely a twenty-year-old. The features marked, framed by two dark eyes, full of unshed tears. Sam, behind the boy's back, freed his wrists constricted and sawed off by the ropes, Dean watched the distant scene, still stiff, and sore from the confrontation. He watched Cas insistently, as if trying to grasp the thoughts of the other, still far too enigmatic for him. A tremor of jealousy shook him when he saw the veneration with which the boy looked at his fiancé.
He leaned back against the wall that lined the entrance to the club, taking large gulps of air in an attempt to calm what Sam would have called hot spirits. He closed his eyes, searching within himself for the good sense not to make a momentous mess.
"Reserve?" he asked, casting a glance at Dean. "Yeah, Cas, you're our backup, you serve to keep us from getting our heads stuck up our asses," Dean exclaimed, exasperated, walking faster than the other two.
"Oh, Dean," sighed Castiel, once again obnubilated with pleasure, as he pressed the Hunter's body tightly against himself. "Only I, Cas, only I can do this," growled, Dean, caught up in a possessive feeling unknown to him. He groaned, in a mixture of pain and pleasure, as Castiel's nails sank into his flesh, branding him again, on his back. With each thrust, harder and rougher, they pressed into each other, kissing and branding each other. First on his neck, on his shoulder, on his jaw, every inch of skin screamed the belonging of one to the other
He felt Castiel's teeth brushing against his skin, his warm, wet tongue hugging his own flesh in an erotic gesture. He tightened his grip on the angel's head, thrusting himself into his mouth with a decisive thrust. She held him still, as if afraid he would escape, while he - finally - fucked that wonderful, sinful mouth. He imprecated through clenched teeth as his own member was completely sucked in, Cas's cheeks hollowed, his mouth completely in contact with her turgid flesh.
"Why are you here?" asked to him, Dean, folding in one of his snacks to quell that nicotine craving. "You know you're not supposed to smoke?" clearly the angel was intent on annoying - even more than usual - Dean, ignoring his questions and addressing some unnecessary ones in response. "I'm aware of the risk. But I think dying from lung cancer is more rewarding than selling your soul to a demon," said, sourly. The silence between them became thick and awkward again. He hated having to wait for his "angel's" will to speak; it made him nervous. Exasperated by the silence, Dean stood up and walked in the opposite direction of Castiel. "Dean," the angel said in an exasperated tone, materializing in front of the boy. The hunter restrained himself from cursing, however, giving him a grim look. "What the hell do you want?!" he blurted, exasperated. The other one just observed him, looking intensely into his eyes, as if he wanted to discover every secret of his soul.
Damnit. He’d only been in heaven for five minutes, and he already couldn’t stop thinking about Cas. Cas, who in his last moments had shown more bravery than Dean thought possible; who had sacrificed his life—his goddamn immortal existence, even—so Dean had a shot at living for what had ended up being a few short months. Cas, whose eyes had bored into Dean’s for a heartbeat before he was enveloped in darkness, betraying nothing but an out-of-place yet blissful happiness that came from seeing that Dean finally knew—knew that Cas loved him.
‘You’re not,’ Cas replied. His voice was gravelly with emotion. He extricated himself gently from the embrace, and regarded Dean with a look of sympathy that made his heart ache. ‘I’m so sorry, Dean.’
Dean gave a wide, triumphant smile and mouthed 'TOO LATE' while Sam pursed his lips and shifted in the car seat in disgruntled acceptance.
, and there hadn’t been any sign of Rowena since the battle begun. Probably to make another shady deal with the nearest evil entity to guarantee herself safety, or a casual passage back in time like she originally intended, as she’d disgustedly complained to Crowley about. Her lack of sense of priority both unnerved and amused Dean. Right now, instinct was telling Dean to bolt out of the door – if his battered legs would carry him – and leap into the impala with Sam and Cas, slam on the ignition and drive - drive the heck away from this mess, and hole themselves up in a motel and pray for a miracle. Who would he be praying to? At this point, Dean was almost beyond caring. Beyond caring about most things. As ever, the world was at stake, and Dean wished he could be selfish enough to turn a blind eye.
‘Well, at least I made it to heaven,’ he muttered to himself. Not that he’d let himself consider he’d end up back in hell—as much as he knew Jack had been keen to restore the normal order, he’d rather optimistically assumed the godly kid would pull a few strings and land him at the pearly gates. It had been a risky assumption, but he’d made it. If his welcoming party was a fond memory with the gang from
Bobby regarded Dean with a look of unveiled amusement. ‘Be my guest. Stay as long as you like. Time passes differently, here.’
'Hey, Cas. Could you pick up extra pie when you're out?' Dean's hand tapped absent-mindedly on the fridge door. 'Ha, of course, I know
Dean smiled smugly to himself. It was at this moment that Sam realised: yep, this is it. It's official. Dean would never get tired of telling this goddamn story.
‘You didn’t have to,’ Cas replied, smiling. ‘I said all I needed to, and that was enough.’ He was clearly content with everything that had gone down, and upon realising this, Dean began to feel miserable.
However, seeing Bobby sitting in a chair on the porch, nursing a bottle of beer, made him instantly second-guess himself.
‘Dean,’ Castiel faced him now; his eyes, if Dean wasn’t mistaken, were clouded with emotion. He closed his eyes briefly, inhaling deeply as if to prepare himself for what he was about to say. ‘When I was regaining control of my vessel, I thought I heard-’ he cleared his throat as if to compose himself, while Dean looked on in confusion. ‘I heard- your voice. You were saying...' He trailed off, clearly struggling.
The gravelly laughter that echoed down the line was joined by Dean momentarily, before he tapped the wheel excitedly with his free hand and quickfired a 'WAITWAITWAIT, it gets better - I have my gun in my hand, right, and friggin Hitler is lying bloody-nosed on the cold hard ground- DUDE, NOW IS NOT THE TIME FOR TAYLOR SWIFT; IT WAS AN UNINTENTIONAL REFERENCE. And then ready, aim...'
Dean was roused from his daze as Sam strode past him, and slumped his shoulders as the severity of their situation set in, squeezing his eyes shut in a pained wince. Sam was clearly of sounder mind at this moment, and was ready to leap into action. But too much had happened in the last few minutes for Dean to even begin to contemplate what they were going to do now.
‘Oh, I’ve had plenty of chances,’ Dean said firmly, his voice tinged with regret. ‘And I’ve blown it every time. So I don’t plan on screwing it up today.’
Dean let out a victorious whoop as they pulled into the bunker car park, concentrating - to Sam's relief - on parking as he listened to Cas laugh his congratulations down the phone.
“I sure as hell hope not since you were way more than adequate, honestly.” Dean grinned up at Cas, not even feeling too embarrassed at saying this because he figured the dude had just fucked his brains out and deserved a little praise. “Really fucking spectacular, actually.” He wriggled a bit, because in all this Cas’s dick was still hard and heavy inside Dean and, while he didn’t feel as frantic and aching as he did during his Alpha-less Heats, he felt his body readying itself for the next round.
Logistics. They needed to work out the logistics. There was no way Dean was taking Cas back to their motel room, not when there was a 50% chance Sam brought his own hookup back there, but booking another room just for them to have sex felt sleazy in a way that was completely illogical, but Dean couldn’t bring himself to do that regardless. He drove the Impala around until he found a secluded enough spot, a bluff overlooking the small town that was guaran-fucking-teed to be the official make-out point for all local teenagers, which was embarassing but hey, at least anyone coming here on a Friday night should have been reasonably prepared to catch a flash of bare-ass, so there was that. Dean’s head was so turned around he forgot to stop by a convenience store, and that was a problem because he’d got condoms on hand but not lube; he was not letting anyone near his ass without lube and he would never admit it but he’d rather hack his own balls off with a rusty machete than risk hurting Cas’s virginal asshole, during his first time no less, and that was that. Space was also an issue: after parked they relocated to the backseat, which was roomy but not nearly enough for two grown men over six feet, and now their knees were touching and Dean was staring and maybe he chose the right place after all, because he sure felt like a fucking teenager all over again.
Dean rolled his eyes “You just have to show off with the big words, don’t you, Sammy? Nerd.” He appeared calmer now, yet Castiel could sense his inner turmoil was still boiling. He did not further the conversation, however, because he had learned that the inner workings or Dean Winchester were mysterious and not to be tampered with. Dean would come out with it when he was good and ready, or he wouldn’t, but there was nothing to be gained from pushing the issue.
Castiel nodded. This approach provided a logical pattern that he could follow. He let Dean guide him through the shoes section, where after some deliberation he selected a pair of running shoes. The label said they were optimal for distance running and would support the arches of his feet, which he thought would be helpful since he found himself running from and towards monsters a lot. Emboldened by his small victory, he proceeded to pick out a selection of socks, one pair blue, one red and one yellow with little bees printed on it.
It gets worse as Cas gets better, because Dean’s not that much of a perv to be thinking like that when a friend is looking like death warmed over, but when said friend just looks a little sleepy and ruffled, and has maybe shed a couple of layers, going around in shirtsleeves and socks, well. And he just keeps touching things. Dean has had more than one bout of temporary insanity where he picked up the TV remote right after Cas had handled it just to surreptitiously check how it compares to his own hands. Watching Cas carefully clean out a gun is basically pornography at this point. And Dean nearly had a heart attack when he made pancakes and had to witness Cas lick the fucking syrup off his fingers.
Dean said as much, and Sam called him a pig but didn’t outright disagree, and Cas knocked back his whiskey shot with surprised ease, made a face at the taste and asked: “Does it help?”
When he came to, Cas was awkwardly trying to shuffle out of his clothes while still locked inside Dean and trying not to jostle him. He looked kind of adorable, with his teeth worrying at his bottom lip in concentration as he braced himself up on one arm and tried to undo his buttons one-handed. Dean exhaled a weak laugh and reached up to help him.
“Ah, it’s like… you know how Dean sleeps around--or used to. But he doesn’t really care about those girls, his family always comes first, and his best friends--that’d be you” Castiel allowed himself a brief flash of pleasure at the label. “What I’m trying to say is, I think Dean feels threatened if you sleep with guys because then it’s like what you and him have might be… less special.” Sam looked like he wanted to say more, but at Castiel’s prodding he insisted he had nothing more to say. Castiel did not press the issue, because even what Sam had told him was… unfathomable. Dean was the single most important person in Castiel’s life. The love and devotion Castiel felt for Dean was unparalleled, and to even think that his brief sexual escapades with anyone either of the female or male persuasion could change that was utterly laughable.
They’re just… they’re very big. Cas is slightly shorter than him but his hands are bigger than Dean’s--he doesn’t know exactly how much, because he can’t exactly do that girly thing where they hold up their palm to yours and coo ‘ooh your hand is SO MUCH BIGGER than mine!’ Yeah, no. That’s like, Flirting 101. So it’s all guesswork and speculation. And Dean knows damn well that the rule re: hand and dick size is bullshit, but. Speculation. And it’s not just about that. Dean’s had some truly embarrassing thoughts about how Cas’s hands might fit on his face, for example. Would they cradle the whole thing? Chin to temple? Would they be warm? They look like they would be warm. And slightly rough. And his fingers, they are long, thick, strong… Dean has to fight the urge to swallow noisily if he looks at them for too long.
His musings were interrupted by Cas pointing at a corner stool and saying: “There, the young man with the tattoo on his forearm,” and Dean nearly spat a mouthful of beer.
The problem, as it often is in his life, is Cas. Cas and his stupid coat. In theory, the coat isn’t bad; it gives Cas an air of importance and mystery and all that. In practice though, the thing is so big and shapeless that it does the guy a big disservice, in Dean’s completely impartial and objective opinion. In all the years he’s known Cas, he’s seen his friend’s chest maybe a handful of times, and usually in situations when they were too busy fighting for their lives for him to get a really good look, but he’s seen enough to suspect that Cas might be hiding some serious goods under there. He might even be ripped. But all of that is largely conjecture because Cas never takes the damn coat off.
Despite the importance that Dean seemed to have placed on it, Castiel’s sex life was not very active and therefore it did not impact their shared life very much. After his encounter with Danny the bartender, Dean was uneasy around him for a while, then he got over it, as Dean was wont to do, and life resumed as normal. Sam talked to Castiel about it, apologised for his brother’s lack of tact, making oblique references to Dean ‘having his own issues to deal with’ (Castiel had no idea what those issues where), and assured him that he had Sam’s full support and Sam was available in case Castiel needed someone to talk to. Although Castiel didn’t quite understand the need for such concern, he was touched by Sam’s efforts and reassured him that he would come to him for emotional support if the need arose, which Sam found funny and decided to buy Castiel a beer.
