Castiel has no clothes besides his bloodstained shirt and pants and the starchy cotton scrubs they gave him at the hospital, so he borrows a pair of green
able to finishing the scene.
“Look, I need you to get the FUCK OUT OF MY CAR!”
Dean is still staring back at Cas, who is patiently awaiting an answer.
“Want a beer?” he asks, hopefully taking some of the unnecessary shame away from the situation, but Jensen shakes his head and turns to leave the kitchen.
suite, Cas had the impression that they would jumping right into bed
They look nothing alike, the two brothers, save for the strong jaw and slightly similar eyes (Dean’s are greener, more electric, possibly due to sheer
at night and sing old Beatles songs instead of lullabies. John used to work on the Impala in the garage. It was where Dean was told he was going to be a
shorts?”
Sam translates and Gen grins.
really focus on getting your muscles to relax.”
“Babe you gotta be quiet. The room ain’t soundproof.”
of the closet – a soft-bristled feather brush and an unopened bottle of organic wing oil – and adds them to his duffle as well.
dying to do it since they walked in the door. It doesn’t escape Dean’s
Tonight is Jimmy’s last night in town, and Dean can’t help but think that the brothers must have something planned for him.
“Oh don’t you worry about me, Cas. I’ll get mine, trust me.” He chuckles at how Cas sighs and instantly relaxes, like he thought Dean wasn’t going to get
‘My mom mentioned something about a lemon tart?’
“What happened? I feel…”
He can’t say it, not yet… but he can think it, and he nods in affirmation.
hitch. “Never thought…” he cuts himself off by kissing Dean again, firm and
Dean laughs. It's impossibly cathartic.
Every movement – every feeling of Cas inside him – removes something from him and replaces it with something else. His self-doubt is replaced with
tipping it until Cas drinks the entire thing and leans back against Dean, gasping. Dean sets the empty cup on the floor and starts stroking Castiel’s hair,
He walks backwards slowly, back toward the bed, while looking at the camera
Figure 8 – Ellie Goulding
“It’s fine.” Dean sits across from Benny. “That’s life on the road.”
“Is that what sex is like now?” Dean asks hours later after another round of mind-blowing bond-sex as they lie on their backs looking up at the stars and
purifying, or something.”
Squishing raw meat between his fingers has kept West’s attention longer than usual, though, and they’re just about ready to start pounding out burger
‘Oh believe me, I tried baking, but it never took. I’m sure if Dean could
“Everything alright?” Dean asks, glancing over at the angel.
“Stole it from my dad’s liquor cabinet,” he says with a smile, feeling far more proud than he should. “And,” he reaches back in his bag and pulls out an
“It’s not the same.”
laugh.
There are differences between the man in front of him and the man from Las
Maybe he’d kiss them as he went, just to be extra thorough.
“What do you need me to do?” Dean mumbles against Castiel’s throat, his breath tickling in a way that makes it really hard for Castiel to focus.
When the song ends the crowd erupts and Dean Winchester grins. He’s joined on stage by four more men and a blond girl who waste no time finding their
wildly at first – but when it swings back open she catches a brief glimpse
When Cas shakes his head
It’s hard for him to not revert back to just being a dick.
“It’s not wise to ignore your body’s needs.” Cas says while tracing down
“I don’t think you’re going to need ‘em.”
Verse/Setting: AU – Real World, San Francisco
. It’s so
Dean laughs and it wrings the anxiety right out of him.
“S-seven”
The Heavenly hosts are just the cold dark moons
leans down into the car, reaching for the box in the passenger seat. She
hair.
He peppers soft kisses and bites along Cas’ delicate ankle bone and up his calf, holding his feet squarely against his chest, allowing Cas to arch up and
“Hey, that’s what happens when you come over unannounced. Just be glad you didn’t show up two hours ago.”
At one point, about the time when he’s showing Dean what it really took to break the mind control of Naomi and how much it hurt him killing Dean over and
Dean seems to be struggling with the same problem, as the man can only grit
“I can carry you to the bathroom…” Dean laughs aloud at that image and mutters
“Yes. I suppose I could.”
Sunday. Mary assumes he’s avoiding church and feeling guilty about it –
“Yuck. I’m driving,” Gabriel announces, “seeing how Anna is shitfaced and
Minnesota, a younger guy from the group of frat boys who I’m pretty sure
rise out of Dean? No. He lied to get Dean to finally admit that… “God dammit Cas, you sonofabitch.”
TV, farmer’s markets, painkillers and text messaging.
He doesn’t mean just before they have
looks down at him, expectant and beautiful.
Cas thinks. He’s sure he’s finally cracked, because there’s no way, not a
can’t help but slide his hands up Cas’ smooth torso, over his dark,
They’re both quiet, save for a few harsh breaths and a whimper when Dean nails Cas’ prostate – but besides that it’s peaceful and calm. There’s no frantic
lightly-colored thatch of pubic hair. His eyes are squeezed closed and his mouth is open as he is panting, nearly gasping for air.
He’s cut off by a soft laugh as Cas’ hands caress all the parts Dean feels
Instead of answering, Dean removes his hands from Castiel’s hips, takes two large steps back, and crosses his arms over his chest to punctuate his point.
stops when he looks back at Mary, squinting. ‘What?’
Gabriel always likes to remind them since he’s the one-and-only allowed on Earth) gave him plenty of flexibility with his job in the Department of Angelic
AC/DC t-shirt and dorky baseball cap with a big smile on his face. He doesn’t even think about it before saving the picture to his phone.
lightly rubs the tender bruise. “Is he a good kisser?”
At three o’clock sharp there’s the rumble of an engine that cuts off out on the street. Cas peaks through the window and watches as an impossibly gorgeous
Cas pushes into Dean farther than should be possible and he covers Dean’s mouth with his hand to muffle the scream.
were both incapable of keeping, he just left.
I closed my eyes I kept on swimming
Dean yelps, and Cas grins into the indent he’s just left in Dean’s skin. “Turnabout is fair play dollface. You sure you want to test me when I have you in
delicious cock he’s ever seen. Dean’s not sure he’s ever seen a guy stay
whatever. Cas often found himself trying to spot those bowlegs and broad shoulders in public.
Dean whines below him, trembling until Castiel pulls out and slides back in. Both men let out lewd sounds at the feeling, and Castiel lets his body cover
Castiel: Angel, top
No, he’s not going to do anything until he knows Cas is ready, so Dean settles for fucking his own soapy fist in the shower every morning until then.
the man’s breath through his open mouth right above the line of his
morning in his boxers-briefs in the living room (long before Sam wakes up,
“It a guy?”
And then there’s Cas above him, still fucking into him, still mumbling dirty words and telling Dean how perfect he is. Dean whimpers, his whole body
Dean begins counting immediately
upon themselves to seek out Dean’s touch.
Then he feels Dean shift inside of him and the movement triggers something phenomenal. He can feel the pleasure of his own body, but he can also feel
, I’m sorry…” and Castiel watches in amazement as Dean’s head falls back and his hips hump forward like his dick can
comes from their bedroom. Dean not-so-gracefully
chuckles.
He sways slightly on his knees, feeling a sharp sting in one of them as he shifts his weight.
“You might be right about that.”Dean agrees.
something his mother did to soothe him when he was sick as a kid.
“I know, and you’ll get to sleep soon but you gotta stay awake right now. You gotta do that for me.”
He dries his hands on the dishtowel and avoids eye contact while waiting
kisses beneath Dean’s belly button. “Now I know that you’re also funny.”
declared “undecided” for months now. “What are you thinking?”
thighs. “You don’t feel this way towards men… towards me…” Another moan, although this one sounds almost sad and Dean just can’t have that.
Another comfort is having the bunker to call home. Castiel has been given his own key, so no matter what he always has somewhere safe to go back to. He’ll
“You’re an angel, Casanova, not human.”
how Dean and Sam are very clearly brothers. He wonders if people can say the same thing about him and Gabriel.
The man is blushing furiously and staring at the floor now. How someone
“Oh please. You’ve used B-A-B-Y for every four-digit code you’ve needed since high school. Oh, I also signed you up for both girls
Actually, Gabriel had said “Fucking science, bro!” But Castiel did the research on his own to which Gabriel responded “That’s exactly what I said!”
Dean scoffs before he can
created angels to help you. The depth of emotion, everything you can feel at the same time, all while having to go about normal business like remembering
With every thrust of
“I wish you’d say something.” Dean stops and grabs Castiel by the shoulder. He looks anxious and scratches at the back of his neck. “Listen, Cas, if you
Mary taps Cas’ arm to pull his attention away from the recipe cards he’s
imitation.
over and is breathing heavily like he’s just run for his life, but he doesn’t say anything.
Why does it feel so natural to have Cas underneath him? Why does it feel like they have done this a hundred times? How is it that Cas’ body, all lean, hard
“Again Dean. Swallow…”
Dean takes in the sight before him. God damn, Castiel is a beautiful man. He sits on the bed in his worn jeans with his smooth stomach and chest, broad
It’s Castiel.
“Gotta. You stay just like this, be right back.” Dean frowns slightly as he leaves the warmth of the wings, but he quickly disappears into the bathroom to
Yes, Cas still has his wings, of course. That was just a dream, an incredibly realistic dream.
“Turn around,” he whispers to Dean, “and close your eyes. Don’t open them no matter what. Can you do that for me?”
a wide smile stands next to a tall, handsome man, each with a child in their arms. The woman holds a round, roly-poly of a baby in her arms, all chubby
“Don’t you dare, Dean.” Castiel growls in his darkest Dom voice. “You have three weights left to collect before you may even think about coming.”
“Dean?” Cas can hardly get the word out of his throat, what with the
He feels the angel press against him, shoving him harder into the wall. Dean lets out a pained grunt, feeling his ribs and shoulder against the brick.
“Will I be spanked, sir?”
Cas stands in the dim light, barefoot and naked from the waist up, wearing only a pair of white cotton boxers, his whole body framed by those –
slightly different, and Castiel is doing his best to figure out Dean’s.
center, that they are closest too, and then two smaller stages to either
“Dean? Wha-” Cas mutters out before he’s interrupting himself with a quiet moan.
He hears footsteps in the hall and he shoves the panties back down into the pile of stuff on the floor. He’s back to brushing his teeth when Dean knocks on
They’re silent except for their heavy breathing, and they’re sticky and sweaty and still joined, and
Cas’ ass that gives him a sudden reminder that this is still round one for
up after two hours of wandering. Anna lost herself in the young adult section and lamented that she may never get a chance to read the
, maybe expecting that he still might, and then after a few seconds Dean hears the saddest little mewls,
supposed to use his hair? Was hair the closest thing he had to feathers? And was that why Cas wasn’t responding to it?
“What, that high school is over?”
“Jesus.” Dean gasps.
So, with determination, Castiel centralizes his grace on Dean’s fantasy and is immediately overwhelmed.
“What is that?” Castiel asks, pushing away the brief thought of Dean hitting him with it. Dean wouldn’t do that, but Castiel grips the key to the handcuffs
they?” Cas’ smile changes into something a little more teasing, and it
he teeters on the razors edge between pleasure and pain because yes, he
He watches the sub start to unravel, waiting until the right moment to speak because he knows that denying
San Francisco and his heart would practically leap out of his chest all over again.
doesn’t know what to do next. This is so big, and it means so much more than anything else Dean has done with his life, and if Cas denies him…
“How about you watch me this time then,” Dean says, wrapping his arms around the angel and rolling them over so Cas is on top of him.
“If you don’t tell me what’s going I swear to God I’ll start throwing punches.”
few more minutes alone, but Cas spies her in the window.
lets it go and it immediately goes stiff, filling with blood and rising toward Dean’s stomach, a pearly bead of precome gleaming at the tip.
That is why Castiel hates Wikipedia – who really cares about the dates of album releases and locations of the studios? Castiel wants to know how Dean
slide up his thighs and grip his hips. He pulls his lips away from Dean’s
Cas makes a
… but then he feels Dean grip handfuls of his flight feathers and moan around his cock as he pulls them hard enough to send an electric pulse through every
charming.
here.”
Dean grins against Cas’ lips.
and Dean actually smiles. Neither of them seem able to break eye contact, and Castiel doesn’t want to look at anything ever again except the face Dean
Castiel braces himself for the bite.
“Hungry.” He says, pathetically. He should thank Dean for praying to him every day, and for singing and having faith. He should tell him how much he missed
He wishes he could stay down here all day, just licking and sucking and eating Cas out until he’s come so many times he can’t remember his own name, but
he’d ever left on Dean’s body – and he kisses them all. He works his lips over Dean’s ribs, leaving a trail of kisses along each rib that he’d broken in
“I want to hear you,” Misha whispers in his ear, desperate for the sounds that he can pull from the man below him. “Don’t hold back.”
Everything is upside down, but Dean can see Cas’ thighs as he take a wider stance, bringing his cock down and level with Dean’s chin.
directly in front of his face and actually look up at Dean, who is smiling.
Castiel allows his right hand to continue down until he feels the warmth of the boys crack, and as he continues on even farther he feels Dean begin to
“Don’t-”
His wings, of course. His ugly, giant, clumsy wings.
A couple of times Dean had even prayed to Castiel
“Now get on your knees while I get everything prepared.” He watches Dean sink to the floor, clasping his hands behind his back and lowering his eyes.
Cas has set up a harsh pace, but it’s steady and somewhat comforting compared to the blows from earlier and the vicious words that Cas is growling into his
together with a thin wire.
together by some unknown God who I spent an entire childhood praying to who
toes partially under Dean’s back, and then leans his body back, bringing
knows what he wants, and he has a timeframe that he severely disagrees with.
to answer.
laugh.
Impala up to Weston Bend and cozied up in a private AirBnB for two nights.
squeezed closed as he kisses Dean on the cheek, and Dean smiling wider than
a long whiff or two and smiles.
relationship separate from their other relationships – friends, hunters, and whatever the hell else they’ve got going on that neither of them seem to
and moments later he feels Dean tighten around him almost painfully as his body
“I’m thinking about starting my own department dedicated to restoring historical and biblical texts to their original meanings.”
doing very well up there. She might even stop the war.”
before pressing record. When he finally walks back over to the bed, Cas is
“I’m going to
from Castiel
getting to know him.
Castiel knew he shouldn’t be there, but he couldn’t look away.
“That’s a dark cloud hanging over you this morning.”
They don’t ask him any other questions, and Dean can’t do anything to fight the pain except fall back to sleep and hope that maybe this time he won’t wake
foot of the bed and sits on the floor next to the wing. He decides to take a chance and reaches out, gently stroking the silky feathers.
Wait. What?
while standing next to a series of historical black-and-white Boeing
They’re very still, neither one really knowing what the next step should be. They just kiss and taste each other with urgency, holding on like if they let
might be a little more, um, sensitive than the rest. Those were
Rosen in his 5
And are so goddamn cruel
Dean runs his hand down Cas’ spine between the strong wing joints to his shoulder blades, pressing him harder into the mattress, and then scratches his
“Wow, yeah, Cas, you remember my brother Dean. And Dean remembers you so…”
his nightstand drawer in the other room – the sad bottle that had been opened and used once when he tried to finger himself while masturbating. “You got
overwhelmed as he is? Does Dean feel like he’s about to lose control of his vessel and explode into a million pieces?
“What the fuck does that mean?” He says out loud. Below he reads the options
“Did he say anything?” Gabriel stands above Cas looking him slowly up and down.
senator on Grindr.”
He should tell Dean.
Castiel has such limited experience kissing, and Dean has never kissed another man while sober, so it takes them a little time to figure out the mechanics
but I don’t sell it.’
“Cas, just assume that I’m on board with whatever you want to do to me
“Castiel!” Charlie beckons him over with an excited smile, “I want to introduce you to the one-and-only Dean Winchester. He’s going to be assisting us with
“Gabriel says you still have some left in there. That was the only reason he could fix your body.”
morning’s paper, as well as the file you requested for the acquisition of the Roman account.”
something. Then he says, “Well that just means this is officially our
for Cas to keep up with him so he lets go completely. Dean must feel it,
leaning over Dean, his wings encompassing them.
contrasting the bright blues and pinks and greens bleeding from the
goes to
, by this man he adores.
while since they’ve been together so Castiel is just pleased that Dean seems to be as excited as he is. Dean is, after all, his favorite sub. Honestly he’d
Castiel couldn’t help the hitch in his breath when Dean whispered
than he cared to remember. While he may share a Father with Lucifer, Castiel would like to think that is where their similarities end.
lacks any real indignation. Before Mary can respond, Cas is there, placing
pushed too hard. It’s happening too fast.
Castiel’s own vessel is starting to react in new ways, too. Sure, he’s watched porn (mostly for educational purposes), and he had sex with April before she
“Don’t get frustrated Castiel, it’s alright. But, if there is some part of you that he touched that we can focus on, something that you think, even
“Heya Cas.” Dean says, turning to him and offering a warm smile. “Where have you been?”
Vegas, and they didn’t fly all this way to have a quiet night
His orgasm sneaks up on him – like it usually does when he gets so focused on the details of Dean in such a beautifully raw state of being – and he comes
by NorthernSparrow (which is 94,000 words worth of amazingly written porn with feelings – and disco! – so you should probably go read it right now).
Cas wants nothing more than to stay in bed and make out with Dean for the
in the absolutely intoxicating, masculine scent of musk and arousal. It nearly makes his head spin, and he feels another surge of blood filling his own
reason to give himself a break. She must be giving him a weird look,
Castiel is constantly hungry, so the next thing Dean does is ask him what he wants to eat and then places a huge order for grocery delivery directly to the
to no good today. You had that look when you walked in
Her: Fucks him well past graduation
Sammy must have overheard, the little weasel. “I never said- Cas
At that moment her heart aches with love for her boys, and with a little
The hitch in Dean’s breath is the answer to his silent request, but Dean is able to spit out “yeah, fuck, that’s a good idea.”
The door flies open and Dean is standing there in front of him wearing… jeans and a fucking t-shirt.
Regardless, there isn’t anything else in the world that is worth a tenth of that feeling.
It’s surprisingly dull, and I’m already fairly certain I’ll disagree with whoever is crowned the winner.
school they were known as a unit.
the next plate over his head.
Cas tries to compose himself before answering the door.
tongue in as deep as it will go and twists it around, drawing an even darker sound from Dean’s lungs.
“But what? Come on, you were just complaining about not being able to take care of them, and I want to help.”
“I haven’t ejaculated in over three years.”
program and reads aloud over the low din of music other people talking and
When Castiel sees Dean’s name on the roster for his 4
Dean was happy too, but to him, happy was just mediocre. He wanted
He also realizes that this is the first time that he’s been able to look at Cas since he was “cursed,” and
“We must have lost track of time.” Castiel says, then wiping his mouth on his sleeve. Dean sits back on the hood of the car, his legs shaking too much to
“Don’t worry about it Dean.”
At first he loved that Cas always showed up, but at one point mid-tour it dawned on him:
with his life on a regular basis. Despite what they’ve gone through, despite what they’ve done…
The crowd cheers as he begins to play. Somebody yells “Hi Cas!” and D
to which Castiel
Dean bends over the bed and spreads his legs, and Castiel groans.
don’t got the part... we’ll hafta order it…”
Castiel in for something much less appropriate for a city sidewalk, ultimately resulting in Dean being shoved up against the side of the bus and kissed
If you're interested in how I came up with the various Tinder bios in this chapter - I didn't. I stole them directly from actual Tinder accounts and just changed the names to SPN characters. It's a little concerning how well they all worked out... The only one I wrote was Cas'.
“You ready to go? Cas, you coming too?”
“So you’re telling me that this whole time…” Dean gulps down some air and presses on, fists still clenched in Castiel’s trench coat, “You’ve been in love
every other fiber of his body.
to use him.
“One”
from Lawrence?”
brother? “Hi, yes, of course. Hello. It’s nice to meet you.”
As a matter of fact, Dean seemed to be noticing a lot of things about Cas.
**Update** Mega thanks to
Cas realizes that he’s holding the panties up and staring, his toothbrush hanging limply in his mouth, and he’s actually drooling.
through the entire process), and when Mary walks up to the front door and
“Yes, Dean.” It’s an answer as well as an encouragement for Dean to continue.
his cheeks and ears, licking at every bit of skin he can find. He’s leaning into the angel, pressing their clothed chests together, too bemused by the
The next hour of the drive go by in silence until Sam wakes up and breaks the tension with more rougarou case file facts like that’s what he was thinking
“But I didn’t bring my pajamas.” Cas’ stoicism falters when Dean bites his earlobe.
Second of all, since they were so big, they were hard to maintain, which meant they were always messy. When he first got to Earth he had tried to keep them
They were busy.
Message Sent: 8:54PM – Whatever.
everyone was so greedy.
That’s the only explanation as to why he’s spent three hours
Castiel was cut off by a harsh, frustrated laugh.
and it soothes some of the pain there. Then Cas’ strong hands are massaging his thighs and Dean can feel himself relax just a little.
to escape his
back to life. He stroked himself gently as he inspected the photo.
uses it to wipe his come off Dean’s face, then his own, and Dean peels off
Dean gestures in the direction of the café, and they walk together through
Now I'm blazing the same old trail back to you again
around the arm of the couch he’s leaning against and pulls two beers out of the mini fridge, popping the top off of one before passing it to Castiel, then
this type of stimulation.”
One day I might die, until then there's too much to do
Sam stands in the doorway alone looking pretty damn uncomfortable now that Gabriel has left and he’s the only one in the room wearing clothes.
Cas.’ She grins. Cas seems much more confident than the last time Dean was
of it: where their hands go, how to stand, how to keep from bumping noses…
“Yup. In a few months you’re going to be Uncle Dean.”
cock. He’s almost there, God, he needs to hold out just a little longer, but Dean is so tight around him, so hot
Castiel has closed his eyes.
an unarmed musician out with very little effort.
enough for Dean to exhale and collect himself while the men thank Cas and
had heard about the fire many times in Dean’s prayers: how he’d have nightmares, how he could remember choking on the smoke and the burning in his lungs when his father
explained that he’d known he was bisexual since sixth grade and that Aaron
He shouldn’t depend on Dean’s prayers the way he does – he doesn’t want to think about what will happen when this stops. And it will stop. Heavenly battles
to flash through his body. Again and again they move in unison. Cas is no
Castiel looks at the meadow that surrounds them. The sun is still dancing over the horizon, painting the sky in streaks of orange and pink and casting a
Sam shoots him a shit-eating grin and walks away to find his spot on the
back and cuffed to the same shackles he’d just used on Cas.
A few moments later the screen door slams again and Dean walks around back to meet him with two cold beers in his hands. He’s got grease stains up to his
freckled shoulder and a nipple, but when he tries to scoot back to get a
Please.
The music is shit, but it’s got a beat that makes Bela move against him in a way that helps distract him from the way Meg and Cas grind against each other.
downstairs. It isn’t until Castiel stirs and yawns and groans that Dean finally sits up.
By the second week of the term Castiel is going mad.
“In the history of mankind,” Castiel gnarls out from behind him while working his own cock out of his pants, “there has never been anyone as frustrating to
“God dammit Cas!” he shouts, toweling off his hair and stomping out into the hotel room stark naked with an erection hard enough to hammer through the
realizes that the warm blanket that is draped over them isn’t a blanket at all, but an angel wing.
Then Castiel notices the rest of the room.
Cas grinds down into Dean’s lap, groaning. It’s the hottest sound Dean’s ever heard; that desperate growl of an angel who knows what he wants but won’t ask
“Hello Dean.”
“Two”
for a moment, focusing his fitful, tired grace on healing the deep puncture below his shoulder.
he knows he can make Cas shout.
“Gabriel, Cas is back. We’re in room 306 at the Lawrence Memorial…”
Cas squares his shoulders and they enter the room.
The sight is mostly blocked by the man’s thigh, but Castiel is sure that he’s fingering himself dry; nice and slow as he arches his back and opens his
He’s done.
Then he sees Sam pass Dean a very worn, very familiar book when they believe Castiel isn’t looking.
And naked. He is very naked, and Dean is not and that isn’t fair.
his presence has made Dean when faced with having to do something he does every night.
Why is it so hard to tell if Dean is A-Boy-in-Lace? Cas has spent enough time looking at pictures of The Boy that he should be able to tell, right?
“Dean you don’t know me…”
puts one hand on each of Dean’s knees and spreads his legs, then gropes his groin over his pants. Dean doesn’t mean to moan like a whore at the relatively
The next school year begins the same as it always does: with an influx of baby-faced freshmen and a cocky coterie of jaded seniors.
to be an easy city to lose oneself in, and once they checked into another sketchy motel (albeit, not as disgusting as the one in Eugene), they had the rest
“Cas is in his room? I thought he zapped out of here a yesterday.” Dean takes another drink to hide his surprise, as well as his concerned expression – not
Besides, Dean’s never been one to back down from a challenge.
He wasn’t ready for the wrench that karma was about to throw in his plans.
class coming in here and I have space and
long before Cas pushes himself up and off of Dean. Dean sits up and tucks
comes over the speakers. It’s time for the finale.
the room; one couple is still in what Cas called the
rubbing Cas down; massaging into his shoulders and working his way down over his ass, reaching around his hips and chests, the glide of suds and water
‘I’m your mother. Humor me.’
. Dean doesn’t have to pretend that the
shouts at him over the music, and Jimmy overhears and laughs.
with Kevin or Benny or whoever it was that she was lusting after now that Castiel had officially called
That’s what Dean worries about the most. Because if Cas says no – if Cas says no, to the grooming, to the bonding, to building a life with Dean – he really
end of things…”
Then, with a mile-wide grin on his face, Dante Wylde rips off his tear-away
“Oh, uh,” Dean notices him glancing over. “Those fell out.” Dean looks at the strip of bacon between his fingers like it’s done him wrong.
hydrates and then gets himself ready for his private dances. Meg comes back
Once he releases Dean he’s half expecting Dean to sit up and start getting dressed, maybe push him off the bed and away from him, maybe kick him out of the
Cas squeaks out and pounds
He takes another bite of pie before setting it down on the counter and wiping his mouth with a napkin. He stares at Dean until he’s done chewing and Dean
was sure to slam on the horn as he came and it made Castiel laugh so hard he actually had to pull out of Dean before he was finished. Dean felt somewhat
Heard you pull in. If you’re not ‘busy’ get to my room. New info on the wendigo case.
Lord I can’t leave this world behind
really annoying.
when had he drifted close enough to Cas that he could reach out and touch him if he wanted to?
And now… he’s not exactly out of shape, but he’s definitely not ripped.
“Of course, Dean.” Sammy says, taking the dark feather gently.
“You two got here early.” Castiel takes a drink of the beer and grimaces because it’s warm and flat, and he assumes at this point that Gabriel had probably
“Cas?”
“Pretty damn sure, Cas. Just, uh, be careful. I’ve never done this before.”
“Everybody
Cas is quiet as he lays Dean down onto his back gently and just out of the way of the mess he made on the blanket. Dean keeps his eyes closed as Cas slides
Dean chuckles and Castiel watches it and waits for the slightly delayed sound to come over the line. Dean leans against the window frame and grins.
Castiel may have only spent a few years on this planet but he was fairly certain that Pamela wasn’t a therapist. She didn’t accept any major insurance
eyes, so bright at first that it’s almost black before it softens into something beautiful.
letting him know he’s got an email. Snapping out
Message Sent: 8:50PM – Where are you in relation to the stage? Where will I find you?
drinking and how Benny was the first guy he’d ever been with
ass is resting against Dean’s thighs. Of course Dean is longer, wider, and
disappointed. Dean can’t move but he lets out breathy growl and shuts his eyes. Castiel does it again, and again, alternating between the two buds over and
Castiel can’t help but smile.
– gotten through to the angel back then, or was his Dean Station turned to mute?
target. “Oh
gripping his hips tightly. Dean’s legs are shaking but Cas holds him up and continues fucking him, although it’s softer and a tad slower now. Dean tries so
“A fantasy. I want you to think of something like when you touch yourself in your room, something that you find pleasurable.”
with an extra pep in his step and tries not to think too hard about how blatantly he flirted with a total stranger over text messages the night before. He
“Oh God mom, really?” Dean groans.
to wonder who is going to break the silence first when Sammy takes a deep breath in.
Cas laves at his used hole and it’s disarmingly soothing. It’s comfortable in a way, and his rim is still so sensitive it sends little tingles up his
the feathers that Dean liked to touch when he was buried inside of Cas, so while he brushes them he makes sure to press a little harder with his fingertips
sensitive head makes him twitch and moan, and the feeling of Dean’s arms wrapping around his shoulders to hold on helps him relax.
The first time they had actual penetrative sex was in the driver’s seat; they were both facing the steering wheel while Dean bounced in Castiel’s lap. Dean
During their sixth session together they practiced something along the lines of astral projection and they took a walk around the neighborhood together.
away, but not before Castiel can hear him say, “yes, yes, I’ve been a very bad boy.”
Dean is more than a little frustrated that he notices Cas’ nose is getting sunburned.
He didn’t have a mate to preen him or help him with his molt (or do any of the
“Holy shit, man, you serious?” Dean stops on the sidewalk and laughs and damn, does it feel good.
from the brothers when he was meant to be teaching.
Relationship: Established
Instead, he responds with a sustained, gyrating assault on Dean’s body and the hunter comes hard with a cry blasting from his lungs. Long ropes of
Now, dressed in his black g-string and a hot-pink feather boa, the man
Dean taps at the base of the plug with his thumb a few times, and then presses on it hard, drawing a quiet hum from the man bent over his desk. He chuckles
Dean’s eyes go wide as the realization comes to him. He looks behind him at the weight and then back at Castiel.
write our vows. Now let me finish before I lose my nerve.”
his, was that he had big windows in both the living room
“Do I have to? No, but it's more fun that way.” Gabriel snips.
the fabric in the front stretches tight over his cock.
“The last thing I remember is running from a group of angels. I was alone, and I had my satchel full of grace and they wanted it,” Castiel has a slight
What?!?! Another chapter so
rather impressive effort in keeping himself quiet, although his breathing picks up rather quickly as Dean swirls his tongue around – exploring and playing
trance, and with the feather in one hand and his beer in the other, he went back to his room wondering what the hell Cas was up to in his room.
Cas’ clothes are nowhere to be found.
Dean’s touch. Cas gasps when a firm thigh slots between his legs and adds a
“Did you two…” she wiggles her nose in Castiel’s direction.
“No.”
in front of her and Gabriel asks if she wants to get on his shoulders.
And as Dean walked away Castiel swore to himself that if their cycle continued, if they both somehow made it out of this one alive and found their way back
So Dean knows that the
There’s a close up picture of the panties he got Dean – green silk with a black bow on the front. Dean’s hard cock is peaking over the top of the panties,
button.
he’d shave. Cas was always just perfectly
Castiel recognizes it immediately and
about halfway between Dean’s garage and Cas’ school, which was perfect, and
Humans are so confusing. Even after spending centuries watching them, now that he is in a relationship with one… the mating patterns of every human is
He wonders if Gabriel knows yet.
Jensen hides his face and moans into the pillow as Misha pounds into him even harder.
“So,” he says, pointedly ignoring the crack his voice makes, “wings, huh?”
Dean Winchester was bowlegged, for one, which, when coupled with his slight haunch towards the microphone and the way he curled himself over the acoustic
doesn’t find anything about their relationship particularly unusual.
giving Dean the car for his graduation. The two of them had been working on
to tell Cas the truth. “It’s easier to pretend like I don’t care.”
“Very. The angels listen to her. She’ll do great things. You should be proud of her.”
“I want to watch you fuck Jimmy.” Cas says, sliding out slowly and slamming back in, forcing a guttural cry from Dean.
happy and be
It’s 7:30am and Castiel is sitting at his laptop with his mug of steaming hot tea fogging up his glasses when he receives a text message.
are to die for, he is the reason she keeps coming back.
“Dunno. Jus’ felt like it.” Dean slurs out, looking up at Castiel, his green eyes sleepy and sparkling.
Safe, sane, consensual... you know the drill.
“Cas,” Dean’s eyes glow emerald in the evening light coming through the window, “I’m not good at this,” he motions at the space between them, and Castiel
Instead, he was assigned to Grace Acquisition, a position often referred to as The Magpie, where he’d follow around combat medics and collect the grace of
is
s as they get louder.
The heat and pressure of the shower does very little to calm his mind.
Footsteps soft as the tread of an echo
He gets closer and closer, and Cas never thought he’d be in the position to
“What do you mean?”
release a spring and open them. “These won’t hold anyone for very long.” He says, and hands them back to Dean.
And Dean kept singing.
Dean walks past him and throws his duffel against the wall of his bunk before turning and heading towards the fridge, opening a beer and gulping half of it
before the wedding. At first neither one of them really wanted to do it,
He lays Dean down on the blankets and begins to strip the remaining layers off of the man by hand. They’re both silent, but their eyes don’t leave each
He doesn’t dare move, certain that if he moves toward the angel like his body is physically
Castiel wishes he could remember more about his final moments up there, something besides the fear and the light and the pain. There was a face, wasn’t
all.”
“The fucking security guard…” Castiel can hardly pull himself away from the salty skin of Dean’s collar bone long enough to get those few words out.
When they turn and Castiel sees Dean Winchester jogging towards them he worries for a moment that he has finally lost his mind. And when Dean Winchester
Hell yes.
. This is
stares at it before juggling his thermos and messenger bag so he can attempt a handshake.
“What do you mean there was no curse?” Cas asks, sounding as confused as Dean feels which is actually reassuring.
there? It was familiar, with blue eyes
cappella group and Miss Bradbury’s evil scheming.
Cas takes a deep breath through his nose and looks toward the register, but
door. Before Dean can even coordinate himself, Cas is undressing himself in a whirlwind of cotton and denim flying every direction.
“Good. And if you are unable to speak, what is your nonverbal cue to end the scene?”
“Hola Dean-o.”
supposes that when your entire childhood is one long near-death experience it puts things into perspective.
He likes feeling strong when he folds Cas in half and fucks him against a
to let Dean know he is awake.
, in the history of
It’s not like Castiel is just sitting around waiting for him to take his clothes off; it’s just that the man never shuts his blinds and it’s not Castiel’s
Samandriel was stabbed in the back before the angel flew off. They couldn’t save the wounded either and Castiel added two more vials to his satchel. He
‘So that’s Cas. Dean hasn’t shut up about this guy for weeks. Did you
ready for Dean’s attention to stop.
like that. Why does Dean choke on his own spit every time he tries to say something honest? He can’t say what he wants without his stomach twisting into
One of the perks of sleeping with an angel – cleanliness!
“Mmmhmm.”
Come.
“Fuck, Cas. You didn’t…” Dean starts when he realizes that Cas is still
museum tour guides.
She gave John her virginity in the car that night.
Castiel figured that they were going to be okay.
They’ve just crossed the border when Castiel decides to continue his teasing of Dean once again. This time, instead of going for the direct
Verse/Setting: AU - A/B/O - Bookstore
<<Text Sent>> They are delicious, but do you think pie alone
. He pulled me out of hell too, you know!”
period Junior’s Creative Writing class roster. Mr. Novak has dealt with all types of students before, but when Fergus MacLeod thinks
most part they wander, uninterrupted as they head toward the stairs on
the crowd is still hooting and whistling for him, his fingers begin to dance across the strings, plucking out an elaborate riff. The roar of the crowd
Dean can’t help the laugh that gets the attention of the three other guys in the shop, but he doesn’t care.
“Are you serious?!”
insisting that it absolutely wasn’t going to work, Cas’ patience and persistence paid off and Dean actually
Two weeks later he took the elevator up to the sixteenth floor of his new building in Washington Square Village. He walked down the well-lit hallway and
Dean can be patient. He has
Dean to his brother and sister-in-law shortly after
“We can talk about it later, if you want. But right now do you want me to take care of you?” He whispers in Jensen’s ear. Jensen only nods, his eyes
to let Cas know I read it? I don’t exactly have Heaven on speed dial or anything.”
, until every muscle
And when the morning finally came where Cas didn’t join them for coffee, Dean was sure glad that he’d been able to avoid all those pesky
“Yeah.” Dean agrees shakily, although it’s hardly necessary given the way he’s grinding his ass along Cas’ cock. He gives a quick thought to the lube in
eventually they both figured out how to be happy with it.
At first he was grateful to avoid the battle, but after his first few forays into the field he realized how horrible The Magpie was in its own right. It
“Why?” Dean glances over at the passenger seat and sees that Cas is giving him a look.
So, here's why I had such a hard time writing (or even thinking) these past few months.
’s, he sang.
one night, nearly cried for it, and it was the only one he got because damn
morning. He still comes in early, and he always finds time to talk to Mary,
lips. It makes him shudder and his head knocks against the wall behind him
saying and wants to do right by him.
Dean laughs at the ridiculousness of the question. “You do understand that there is no way for me to answer that question that doesn’t end in you getting
(I wanna stay, wanna stay, wanna stay, wanna stay)
Whoever makes the first move – it doesn’t matter – because the two of them collide in the most incredible, ferocious kiss Castiel has ever been a part of.
view of the narrow strip of hot pink lace that’s hardly
slicker as Misha leaks precome into him, and unless Jensen can muster up the courage to ask for what he really wants, Mish will pull out and come all over
adorned in a red thong and devil horns, and despite his being a stone-cold
his shoulder and starts carrying him to the house.
Two months later, Dean and Cas decide to move in together. They find a
He’d lead the angels in the war against Raphael. He’d been filled with the strength of fifty thousand Leviathans.
Blow jobs are great and all, but Dean really loves this feeling of being stretched wide and stuffed full.
Bal’s exasperated (and slightly amused) voice over the music playing from
One-on-one sex he could see getting on board with, but he couldn’t help thinking about how much better it would be if there was something else there too;
of making out.
and blows him a kiss.
Castiel adds Dean’s middle finger, running his tongue between the two, covering them with his saliva.
“You are strong.”
“Nuh-uh. You’re stayin’ right there.” Dean glances around the apartment for
house.” He licks along the length of Dean’s dick and Dean lets out a moan that has Cas groping himself through his pants. “I spent all morning masturbating
across.
He was also leaving in less than a week.
“… of Winchester Books?” Of course his mate would
that basically screamed
“I highly doubt it.”
rightful place.
the sensual Indigo Starr and her ‘Dance of Silken Scarves.’” Chuck raises
sound leaving his lips as he spurts out onto the blanket beneath him, over
Cas remembered. He was so genuinely interested and paid such rapt attention
Keeping that in mind, Castiel summons all of his courage, sets down his now empty beer bottle, and begins to unbutton and unzip his jeans. He pulls them
“If I’d have known this was going to happen... We just thought it’d be funny, you
again, meaning to kiss away any discomfort, but Dean sounds nothing but
It’s Thursday afternoon, and Mary’s finds herself in an almost constant
than what they can be when they’re together. It’s a very physical, primal, base thing and Castiel has a hard time understanding why it feels so
And Cas made Dean feel
pulling a surprised moan from Castiel’s lungs. “I- uh. I would like for ‘next time’ to be now.”
“Babe, your brother’s
Always so goddamn desperate for Cas.
chest and cheeks, the knowledge that if Castiel let him go right now Dean would surly fall to the floor.
Despite the club’s “one drink/hour max” sign hanging behind the bar, Castiel wants Dean fully alert and unaltered by substances of any kind.
Relationship: First Time, sixty-nine
“It’s past midnight. It’s not our wedding day anymore.”
He hung up on Bobby and was barely able to get the door closed before whipping his dick out and jacking off into a Kleenex.
that time - so Dean does it again.
“What kind of love spell?” Dean’s nervous now.
it also had a shop out back where Dean could fix up old junkers and make
“Well you can be. I didn’t tag along on this road trip because I’m a freak for Dean Winchester and the Bullshit Kansas Whatever-the-Hell. I came along
good, but not enough to start anything up.
He goes with something stupid and types out,
is adept and confident and Dean opens up to him like he cannot go on living without having Castiel buried deep inside of him. In his fantasy, Castiel bends
It was strange to see Gabriel taking something so seriously. Castiel thought that maybe this is why he had gotten so far in his current department. Gabriel
After Dean’s tongue swipes over Cas’ sensitive head enough times, Cas pulls him off his cock and brushes his cheeks with his thumbs, so soft like he hadn’t
younger angel. Samandriel walked with the posture and expression of faux determination. Castiel knew that look. It’s the look he himself wore often.
There’s a wet
boxers).
mats rolled and tucked under their arms, Dean can’t help but glare at them.
“He’s back.” Dean still can hardly believe it. Maybe he should go upstairs and check, just to make sure he is still there. “Cas is back. He’s fucking here. In my
It could have been awkward. Hell, it probably
“Arms behind your back.”
doesn’t take long before their kisses turn into nothing more than breathing
back onto his cock, and repeats.
I gave up a life of crime
Dean was interviewed for the cover story in Paste Magazine and was asked a lot of questions about his ‘new sound,’ Heaven and, of course, Castiel:
he’s a stripper, that’s a given. But this guy… something’s different…
“You like girls with dark hair. She has that. And green eyes. You like green eyes. And she’s not going to prom with anyone yet.”
years, but somehow it works. And, not like he’d ever admit it, but
that close and intimate in front of an audience. When Indigo Starr whirls
They’re perfect, topped with candied lemon slices and sprinkled with
shoulders and lean arms all exposed and touchable, kissable…
stage, and the hostess takes their first drink orders before walking away.
for Christ’s sake! How could he possibly ever want
parent’s driveway just after her 18
Now what about the stable boys
questioning tilt of his head.
have my last dance…”
struggled to get through it. I had such a huge, fun, intricate idea of how I wanted this story to play out and I couldn't get it to work right - it's still not perfect but I didn't want to wait anymore!
The ghosts of Dean's past had been salted and burned, and every demon had been vanquished. Now, he had
“Yeah,” Dean nervously guides Cas’ hand that’s been pressing against his stomach and lowers it, “And this.” He encourages Cas to wrap his fingers around
sure. He’s never been good with stuff like that. His eyes happen upon Dean’s, who is looking at him behind Gabriel’s head. He nods and raises his eyebrows
had to leave, when he was coming back, and why he hadn’t brought it up before.
That was… amazing.
against Cas’ and sending a sleepy jolt of pleasure up his spine.
by rubbing over Jensen’s knuckles with his thumb. Jensen whimpers softly and squeezes his hand harder. “I want to give this to you if it’s
grip even more firmly to Dean’s hips.
head on the table and smiling up at Cas.
calloused fingers back up towards that perfect swell of an ass. Cas cants his hips up at Dean like a cat, whining Dean’s name when Dean runs his finger
Her: Fucks him through his PhD
This Chapter:
One look at Cas and Dean sees that there’s no room for bullshit between them.
bored of themselves?
his heels on his shoulders, allowing him the leverage to fuck him how Cas really loves it – slow and deep and hard. It’s almost teasing, how slow Dean
always been too lazy to study the 200-page flying manual, and too broke to pay the $1600 for his flight license. Anna was nice enough to not give him a
Dean shoves his hands into his pockets and walks back to the hotel.
“You know,” Dean says, his voice teasing, “From what I remember, this was
“Urges?” Dean wonders what types of urges angels could possibly have, and Cas quickly tells him.
“I’m almost afraid to ask who Bobby is.” Dean takes a seat on a lumpy orange sofa with a soft sigh. Castiel realizes he must be exhausted after the
feet for absolution, but Cas speaks first, explaining in the brief moments while his lips aren’t attached to Dean’s skin.
while he’s masturbating, but he’s always liked it when his partners play with them while they’re in bed so it would make sense that he’d like this – and he
Regardless of whether or not Dean is the same guy Cas has been masturbating to for months, he’s a great roommate. He’s quiet and neat and by the end of
quick pause and then,
“Try looking for Anna, Castiel and Gabriel,” Anna suggests, looking at Castiel sympathetically. “We didn’t give him our last name.”
long finger into his perfect little asshole…
Castiel promised her that he would keep it if it ever came to that. It could have been a lie. He hoped he’d never have to find out.
The whir of the dishwasher is the only sound in the kitchen as the twins
Dean could get used to it.
Dean can’t help but watch his assistant’s hands as he lays everything out on Dean’s desk, organized just the way he likes it, with the paper folded open to
. There’s no rhyme or rhythm for Cas to follow – no
him.
“Good.” Cas growls out and kisses Dean; a soft peck on the lips. “Jimmy will be here in forty minutes if his meeting gets out on time. We need you nice and
He feels completely surrounded and consumed by Dean. He’s safe and warm and desperately wants Dean to feel the same.
videos always make it look – like it’s just mind-blowing prostate-slamming ecstasy right from the start.
and a harsh crook of his fingers that hits Dean in the right spot. When his mind can almost start
. I’m taking what I’ve always wanted
Things around the café don’t change much once Dean and Cas are together;
Dean’s surprise at the sensation makes Castiel smile into the next kiss he steals from the boy. It’s wonderful, kissing Dean, but this time it’s a
Cas whines. “Not yet. I want to feel this for a little longer.” His voice is relaxed and his words slur together a little. “Won’t feel the
good thing, is the now
Cas climbs gracefully over Dean to reach the nightstand drawer, pulling out
When they are finally pressed together, hot skin against hot skin, Castiel takes both of them in one warm, nimble hand and they begin thrusting in time
some odd jobs for me when he was a kid. I taught him how to work on cars. Helped him pick out his first guitar.” Castiel can hear a smidgen of pride in his
my
Gabriel, his older brother, has wings that elicit reactions from the human females similar to when they see a puppy; “Oh my god they’re so
hands is from the blood on Cas’ face, which also seems to be drying now and not still flowing.
his eyelids.
as he crawls… it’s just delicious, and Castiel shifts in his seat to accommodate his own hard-on as it strains against his trousers.
So Dean gave up drinking (only while touring) and Cas started seeing Dr. Barnes (only for an hour on Thursday mornings) and, although Dean wasn’t sure she
back to my place...” Gabe snorts and Cas
parked precariously close to the building. He follows Dean on. “Make yourself at home.”
“I- um. I’m going to my room now.” Sam says, his voice wavering and making
needs at least one person to know that a beautiful, bright man named Dean Winchester thought he was worth something more.
before coming, strong and silent, still buried in Dean’s tight heat and
“Oh, no. I was never any good as an angel. They don’t want me there, and I don’t want to be there. I’d much rather be right here.” Castiel smiles at the
Minutes and miles go by on the bus. There is the regular, constant low hum of activity: Kevin typing on his laptop, Chuck talking on the phone from his
freckled skin with the motion. He looks like a live wire; everything about Dean is coiled tight and tense. It’s Castiel’s job to break him down and rebuild
in those lean arms flex each time Cas pulls himself up, how his eyes are squeezed shut and his mouth drops open as he fucks himself onto Dean.
“No, it feels good. I just…” Castiel swallows hard, “I didn’t realize that this is what good felt like. It’s very frustrating to not have control over my
It could have been awkward when Dean pushed Cas against Baby’s passenger side door and kissed him again where the whole neighborhood could see, but neither
want to date a stripper though? All those people looking and touching… I
‘I’m figuring it out, and I’ve got a whole team of pros I get to boss
He holds Cas’ face in his hands, running his thumbs lightly along his cheekbones, taking half a second to comprehend that
him, softly lowering himself over the warm, naked body and placing feather-light kisses along Cas’ chest.
Sammy’s life will be like – going to clubs for fun and losing bets to get
And still – Cas came back.
Although he isn’t sure that falling asleep will ever not be frightening – literally falling from a conscious state to an incapacitated, helpless,
They formed their own personalities independent of each other but were so compatible and in sync that it freaked some people out. By the time they hit high
expression didn’t waver. “What did
sign on the door are the words
annex-bedroom.
He watches as a bead of sweat slides down the back of Dean’s neck and underneath the collar of his shirt. He watches Dean’s hands white-knuckle the wheel
Cas jokes. Dean looks at Sammy, who perks up his eyebrows and Dean, as subtly as he can without moving or making a sound,
Well, all bets except for one: Castiel stood firm in his refusal to actually make love to Dean before he graduated high school. And it wasn’t easy,
ratty and ruined. The only light they have is emanating from the western-facing windows. The sun is hanging low in the sky and casts a warm glow,
. Instead of restoring my Word I’m updating it, and Dean is helping
Cas tucks it back in quickly.
And then he says, “I’m sorry, Dean.”
rise and fall of their chests.
affair – this time on the floor of the Chinese
“No asshat, I got them from Spencer’s, next to Hot Topic. You remember, the store you didn’t want to go into because of the flashing lights and the giant
Castiel figures he wants to ask something highly personal about Dean or the war or something about his wings like
Cas moans into the kiss and Dean swallows the come and saliva and Cas kisses him harder, dominant and passionate and sweet all at the same time until
it when he flicked his nipples with his tongue.
There’s a quiet sort of desperation in Cas’ voice that makes Dean prop himself up again to watch as Cas falls apart. Cas speeds up his hips and moves his
microphone.
Castiel is surprised, sure, but he’s also spent all day thinking of things he could do to Dean with his grace, and now he has an open invitation. He takes
to do except sit back and watch as Dean presses a finger in.
all those things, combined with the smooth drag of his cock inside the
And Meg has her tongue down Cas’ throat inside of five minutes.
Dean starts to laugh at the picture, but he’s quickly distracted by how sexy Cas is. His cheeks are red and he’s sweating, the AC/DC shirt about two shades
Why isn’t he upset? Why isn’t he forcing Dean to choke on his cock for failing at this one simple task?
astonishment on Dean’s face and the unimaginable heat of his release, Castiel doesn’t stand a chance and he comes hard with a gasp immediately afterwards.
yes he is good.
“You have a meeting at ten with the rep from Hanscum and Mills, and then your monthly conference call with the New York office at eleven thirty and that
“You fucker.” Cas growls out in pure frustration as he turns around and looks Dean in the eye before lifting his right leg and hooking it over Dean’s
. He made a list of things he might want to try, you know, just in case…
dirty?” Cas asks casually, like it’s a second-hand thought while he lubes
hears a whimper and a short hiss of breath, then a thump, and then silence.
“So,” Gabriel continues after taking a deep breath and releasing Castiel’s hand, “are you going to tell me why I had to piece you back together? The trauma
As some would say –
“Yes sir.” Dean immediately obeys, bracing his hands on the floor before lowering himself until his cheek is against the floor. His arms draw back and lay
wanders around his apartment getting ready for the day. He knows the man doesn’t know what he’d done – or even know that he exists, for that matter – but
Dean sits right next to Castiel during the meeting, and throughout it he can see in his peripheral vision that Dean keeps looking over at him – and every
quickly. And now that Lucifer has been, well, you know, banished to hell and all, Michael has decided to wage war against Raphael and his angels instead. I
prompts him to fuck into his mouth.
Anyhoo. I hope y'all enjoy this one.
that they’ve touched every feather on the wings of this extraordinary angel because they are
shirt and apparently pedaling books day-in and day-out is a great way to stay in shape because when Dean’s t-shirt comes off it reveals a tanned, toned,
While the remaining angels continued to fight back demonic forces to give Castiel time and space to rebuild the broken man, even though he knew he didn’t
I am now.
And besides, he’s literally found himself in a position that he’s thought about, hell,
guy.
if I'm not sure and you don't know?
, remember?
scare the shit out of him. At this point, anything that threatens to throw a wrench in Dean’s life should be
running on Sunday and fully prepared to make an ass out of myself.
The walls that Dean built around himself were just a façade; they couldn’t protect him from actually
Castiel to the edge in mere moments.
His lunch break comes and goes, and there’s no word from Cas. Maybe it was a one-time thing, he thinks.
He had let himself go, so to speak. He kept his wings clean, and they were fairly shiny even though he didn’t use the feather nutrient oil as often as he
stretch, that pleasant burn, that prodding behind his belly button that sends lightning bolts straight down his dick.
he tilts his chin up, finds Dean’s lips, and kisses gently so as not to not
during one of their scenes. But as it stands right now Dean has done nothing wrong except fail at something that shouldn’t be his responsibility anyway.
They both groan at the sensation of Misha completely unsheathed inside of him. They don’t do this often, but right now Jensen can’t remember for the life
Cas like he’s so desperate to be even closer to him though there’s hardly a
Amelia is probably
is practically written across his face, and as a last ditch effort
white blankets and looks like it’s ready to be thoroughly destroyed.
“Fuckin’ bendy hippie and your fuckin’ yoga…”
his eyes as Castiel begins to touch himself the way he does in the shower or in his room when he’s alone. Castiel’s fist is loose, and he twists and
rolling his hips a few more times and grinning when he hears Dean’s sharp
laughing, too.
“Dude, this isn’t up for debate, so just, shut up, okay? And eat your damn sandwich.” There’s no heat to Dean’s words, just relief as he leans back,
utter indifference on his face when he himself is struggling to not rush to Dean’s side.
Castiel wraps them both in his wings, shrouding them in darkness and heat.
found in the junkyard. He sold it for $12,800, made a big payment on his
And with every song Dean sang the weight of the grace Castiel carried seemed lighter and lighter. His battle scars faded. His despair ebbed. He felt
Just give me the word
like he’s been
adequately enough.
birthday. John was still
his head hits the pillow. Dean sleeps soundly until he’s awoken by a light knock on his door. It’s still dark out.
innocence before defending herself.
Shocking,
“Most importantly, my Dean, my love, my
“Can we keep making out now?” Cas asks.
“Dude. Can we play?”
eyes, is Dante Wylde.
Dean wants to text Cas back right away and tell him that yes, he was working and that’s why he didn’t respond, but he’s got another idea that makes him
I am too so I hold your hand
I'll miss you so much - you, and your hilarious comments and quirky, twisted sense of humor.
opportunity to stand next to Dean as a brother, a lover, and a friend.
Castiel is confused when Dean walks into their room flaunting a pair of fuzzy black handcuffs, his eyes are bright and his smile is wide.
Castiel tries to clap Sam on the back in an encouraging manner, but it comes across as nothing but awkward as Sam looks up at him and smirks. It is strange
finished her first dance.
torso in a healthy, sexy, supple way. Castiel wants to climb on top of him and see what they feel like; wants to see how smooth his skin is; how it tastes.
wandering the perimeter of the second, third, and forth floor balconies to
“Please Dean,” he continues to whine, “I’ll do anything,
Dean furrowed his brow, thinking and slightly thrown off by the lack of instruction. Castiel tried not to smirk.
Cas’ molt. Dean would be really surprised if he got it wrong. When he gets home tonight, Cas should be about five or six days into an approximately ten-day
brain has turned to mush and all of his blood is coiled in his cock.
and neatly pressed. Besides the rich coffee and the lemon crème tarts that
The call goes over by almost ten minutes, and Dean is rapping his foot against the side of his desk with impatience through the small-talk and faux
Dean bites his bottom lip and moans even though Cas hasn’t moved. His hips
around at the men getting situated around the room, and his eyes land
What Dean wanted was to hear Cas pleading and begging and so desperate to come it makes him stupid.
he can feel is the vicious stimulation inside and outside of him.
” Castiel almost shouts, grabbing Dean by
Dean breaks from Cas’ mouth and goes right for his neck and collarbone, missing those chapped lips immediately but reveling in the salty taste of his skin.
sure that
The man looks up, and Dean knows he’s got him.
faux-leather chair. The man sits down with a grunt, still staring up at
Most patrons, however, run in and out in a rush for a quick cup of coffee
“Fuck, even his knock is annoying.” Dean’s voice is full of irritation, and Cas chuckles. “Do I look alright, or do I look like a man who just fucked his
until Cas moans.
like goddamn idiot.
Cas sits on the bed propped up by his wings. Dean is amazed at how strong those things are. He is straddling Cas, kissing his way along his jaw, his neck,
suspiciously on a big, round, firm looking pillow in the corner of the
somehow.
“And because you want to see some of the finest hung dong west of the
whatever water remains.
Dean doesn’t want to breathe, anyway. He wants to melt into Cas and never
he’d never written the letter?
the other two vials of grace they had collected that day.
A few seconds later Castiel’s phone vibrates twice.
across the street looks empty and undisturbed. The bed is made and all the lights are off. Maybe he has already left for the day.
achieving it, coming straight into Dean’s ass before collapsing and joining the heap of sweaty bodies below him.
feathers from his molt releasing, making way for new ones.
“What do you want?” he sooths his hand up and down Dean’s back. Hell, the boy could ask him for the moon right now and he’d do his damndest to deliver.
“I didn’t do what you asked.”
Castiel stops himself from saying and instead whispers back, “No, I don’t believe so.”
Her: And on his 18
. Not strong for feathers, but just pure strength. He figured that an angel must have strong feathers, seeing how they have to fly in and
be there?
Dean’s voice is
The endless days went on. Castiel’s garrison worked to save as many angels as they could. He used the grace he collected from the fallen to help heal the
without parental supervision.
Thank you guys for all of your kind words and comments and encouragement and patience with this series!
By the time they reach the third floor it seems as if Cas has forgotten all
tempting, but Cas can’t bring himself to stop touching the soft skin of
own stupid drunk-ass, Cas getting shipped off to Heaven for years – there were three things that always pushed Dean out of the darkness, kept him sane,
again, “Dean, is this alright?”
It’s too slow, every movement drawn out until all three of them are shaking with need. Something primal inside of Dean takes over: he can’t remember his
So he continues: cupping the thick bone in the arch of the wing, feeling it move beneath his palm as the massive thing flexes and shifts; combing his
belly until he’s got his fingers wrapped around that dick. A filthy moan
instantly as Dean moans in ecstasy and bounces even harder in Castiel’s lap.
that whatever is hidden under
“Do you think he’s ready?”
in ways that should never have been forgiven…
“I’ll just be downstairs,” Dean says, fighting the desire to stay in bed. He settles for a lingering kiss on Cas’ temple, breathing in the clean
follow what was happening. It was then that he realized he still had the phone to his ear and the line was dead.
because I wanted to make sure my brother and sister had some fun before they get shipped off to a fucking war in a place where I’m not allowed to even…”
Other: n/a
him into manipulating Dean. But, despite the forces trying to tear them apart, they continued to fight the odds together and Castiel found himself learning
Verse/Setting: SPN – Bunker
He wiggles his hips a little more to get a feel for the…
plug…
So, sorry,
Dean looks at him closely, leaning in and resting his elbows on the counter. Cas starts to understand why Dean seems to fidget under such rapt attention.
sweatpants.
down without breathing.
” There goes Dean’s opportunity to get any rest before embarking on the most significant thing he’s ever done. “You sure?”
Cas nuzzles into his neck a little. The scruff of Cas’ jaw against his skin is a very new feeling.
Achingly…
He will be alright.
He grins, feeling proud for half a second until a little notification comes up on the screen.
reaction. Sure, he’s looking at her, but it’s with the same confused,
“I see. That why you called? To
sport-coat and sits at the counter reading a beat-up old Bible every
Dean and he, too, is biting back a grin.
subtle hints that he wouldn’t mind making a whole collection of videos of
about him.
“That. I want…” Cas sounds broken, barely able to speak, his voice even gruffer than Dean could have imagined. “Can I do that Dean?
his mouth and how they deepened when he’d smirk; the cut of his jaw.
They’re interrupted once again by Cas.
She laughs.
The phone rings three times before Gabriel answers.
“More blankets?”
“So,” Dean knows that no matter what he says now he’s going to sound needy, and he hates it but he has to know. “What now?”
that maybe
wings, through his wound. He can feel the wound tingle like it is cleaning itself, Dean’s lyrics acting as a healing agent, antiseptic and bandage all in
unopened bag of frosted circus animal cookies – one of Dean’s guilty pleasures.
“Dean we can… I mean, I can…” He can feel Cas battling with himself – the guy is rutting up against Dean but trying so hard not to. “I’m sure there’s
“Ah, yes, here’s Anna, Castile, Gabriel. ID’s please.” Castiel is so relieved that he doesn’t even flinch at the mispronunciation of his name.
again before your panel, see if anyone notices anything different.”
His mind supplies him with the name, and he smiles.
him…
everything in those first few moments that he swears he can feel Cas’ grace buzzing just under the surface of his skin.
hour later.
“You’re hotter though. I’d choose you every time.” Dean says as the light turns green and he turns the car to take them home.
Dean hits play and they watch.
“Everything hurts,” Castiel’s voice is small, near childish, and he tries to curl in on himself. Dean watches him unfurl his wings slightly, trying to
“If by that you mean setting out a few blankets on the couch, then yes.”
Like leaves and kings all things must fall
“You came!” Excitement was easily recognizable in his voice. It oozed out past the roughness of a tired throat after singing and yelling for so long. “I
patiently waiting outside. Castiel spends that time laughing at Anna who is laughing at a story Benny is telling her. The party dies down around one
“Shut up, you forced that confession out of me.”
His lack of experience is laughable, he almost doesn’t admit that no, he’s never done this.
thinking about it.
“Jeeze, Cas. Just... shut up for a second,” Dean stammers. “Come over here.” Dean can’t find it in himself to move his legs but Cas makes it to
pooling in his gut so quickly it’s dizzying. Dean’s legs slide from Cas’
out of that stretched hole. “Shit, Dean,” Cas’ breathy voice is barely heard over the sounds Jimmy is making. “Need you.”
love, friendship, passion, desire, something…
And he stops himself from marching right back over there and grabbing the box and pretending like this never happened.
“Damn, sorry,” Dean backs off the wing, thinking that what he just did must have agitated it somehow.
Castiel’s breath catches at the sight. Dean’s eyes are red and shining, and tear tracks stain his cheeks. He’s been crying. How had Castiel not noticed
“I- I…” Cas stutters, thrusting up against Dean.
magnet hanging off the end. He also grabs twelve 1-ounce magnetic weights and tucks them in his pocket.
way, but it just got
Handshakes conclude and friendly small talk ensues as they make their way
It isn’t someone he knows from any past project, and it definitely isn’t someone who belongs in this room.
“Am I doing this right?” he asks, because even though the feathers are straightening out and getting shinier as the oil soaks in, he wants to be completely
a flat space and then Dean sets the cooler, duffle, and guitar case strategically along the edges to keep the blankets down.
“Standard like a bird…” Dean mumbles and finally bites into that piece of bacon.
rakes his fingers through Dean’s hair, enjoying the shiver that shakes through Dean’s body at his touch. “You are beautiful,” he says again and repeats the
Dean.
to the windows facing the lobby and closes the blinds even though their floor is practically empty anyway as most everyone is on their lunch breaks or in
Dean nips Cas in the shoulder and begins petting the wings again.
the feeling of Dean’s tongue. They both crave the closeness even if neither one will say so, so this has become a regular thing for them. Dean licks and
Both Alpha and omega sigh in relief at the feeling of filling and being filled. Dean’s left hand slides down the slick backside of Castiel’s thigh, grips
really was Dean’s influence that was going to save him.
Dean’s reaction is immediate and beautiful as his body arches with a gasp and his long eyelashes flutter and close.
“No, our other brother. He’s quite a bit older than us, and, uh, an archangel.”
“Quit bein’ a baby and go back to sleep.” Dean mumbles into Castiel’s neck. Castiel sighs, and Dean bribes him. “Ten more minutes and I’ll make you
“Back and forth baby…” Cas’ low whisper in his ear jumpstarts his hips. Cas guides him, pushing his hips forward so Dean fucks into Jimmy, and then pulling
Leave it to Vicki, the most amazing woman in the world, to call them out. She’s so brazen about it. Jensen blushes and looks at the floor, like he
He starts with the one that makes him sound less selfish.
“You just want written proof that I said I love your stubbornness for when
absolutely wild, underneath a giant digital timer that reads 05:41:22. He’s pointing up to the numbers and smiling. Dean laughs out loud and shakes his
together slowly.
, he thinks. He is just projecting on this guy because he happens
“Huh.” Dean huffs and leans back comfortably in his chair, turning his attention back to the focus of the meeting.
he had someone to be strong for. This was going to happen whether he wanted it to or not and Castiel needed to be brave.
“Keep your eyes closed, Dean.” he reminds the quaking man in his arms. Dean moans out a quiet
San Francisco Chronicle,
steps around the counter and corrals
He had always been happy on stage. He’d always been happy when he was with Cas. But now he had learned how to be happy even when he was alone. He could be
“It’s just that there’s a rumor I’ve heard,” he pauses briefly, “about you…” The boy looks almost nervous, but continues. “That you’re gay.”
few more bites into his mouth while looking up at Dean.
lying if he said he didn’t want the same thing.
It’s so quiet that the sound of rustling feathers nearly covers the words completely.
“And you don’t even know his real name…” Jimmy says in lieu of an answer.
“You said you didn’t even like Lisa that much.” Cas says before he even drops his backpack on the floor.
Dean isn’t sure if he wants to laugh or cry at Cas reaction.
“It’s still light out Dean, you don’t need to lie here…” Castiel is on his stomach so as to keep the pressure off of his wings, which are still sore and
seriously you? Did I hit the Tinder jackpot or something? This doesn’t make sense.
. There’s also a lamp and an empty dresser. Apparently this used to be a guest room, but now it’s
slapping against Dean’s ass is the loudest sound in the room and it’s so wrong and
the menu:
Heaven, during the fighting, for a quick escape or something. He fears that Cas might bolt in the night, so Dean lays there for hours, with his eyes fixed
last night definitely wasn’t brought to him in part by alcohol.
And, he supposes the term
slightly.
“Where are you right now?”
on.
“Yeah yeah,” he rolls his eyes and grins. “Anyway, I wrote this song for an angel. His name’s Cas, uh, Castiel. I call him Cas.” Another
thing he needs is for Benny or Victor to walk in on him taking pictures of himself half naked for a stranger. He unzips his blue coveralls and pulls them
That’s just like Dean, facing his fears head on.
Listening to Gabriel and Anna talk about it, how Dean stuttered when he tried to speak to Castiel, how he saw him from the stage, how Dean had called his
front of the mechanic’s eyes. “You there, boy? Earth to Dean…” Bobby snaps
especially since Chuck’s voice breaks on the word ‘bulge.’ “Third is the
Message Received: 8:52PM – Center, in the back, at a table with Gabriel.
Dean knows that voice.
He wakes to a warm body wrapped tightly around him.
Castiel grins like an idiot as he gets dressed. Instead of putting on his own shirt, he rummages through Dean’s top drawer that he’s cleared out for what
perineum with his thumb until…
“Fuck, Cas. Do that again.” Dean’s eyes are closed so he doesn’t see the look of confusion on Castiel’s face.
, they make it home. Dean pays, and Cas holds the
They’d promised to keep it under control while Sam was in the house.
Castiel grabs sure and steady at Dean’s groin, and when he realizes that Dean is beginning to get hard, a flutter of excitement courses through his grace
shawl, and the pearl necklace John got her for her 50
And they’re both single.
completely wrecked moan – it’s the sweetest, most beautiful thing Cas has
Dean Winchester.
opening his own and taking a drink. “So,” he swallows and Castiel watches his Adam’s apple bob up and down, “tell me about yourself.”
Then Castiel notices the angel-proof handcuffs and sits up a little straighter.
‘What time do you get here in the morning?’
A loud bark of a laugh escapes Dean’s lungs. Was this guy for real?
Other: n/a
escapes Dean’s lips, and Castiel groans.
in, wide-eyed and pale-faced like he’d seen a ghost.
“What do we do now?” Cas asks quietly, still catching his breath and not
Silence.
calmest he’s felt around Dean in months. He supposes having the boy wrapped around him has sort of taken the edge off.
was actually a therapist, she came highly recommended by Bobby and Cas seemed to really like her so that was good enough for now.
“Dude you gotta stop!” Dean looked away. He loved those wings so much, he couldn’t just stand there and watch Cas tear them apart.
It hurts so much. It’s like he’s gone twelve rounds with a tornado. Every inch of him feels bruised and sensitive to the touch. His head is pounding, his
“You’re serious?”
He does wake up, though. Hours later and it’s dark and disorienting. He’s still on the couch and everything still hurts. He blinks hard a couple of times,
toward the magnet.
drowned him out. “You prayed to me for three and a half years.”
mumbles and grumbles as he grabs his duffle from the trunk and heads to the office of the motel.
Instead, Castiel separates one of the weights, rubs it between his fingertips for a moment, and then tosses it about ten feet across the room.
“I’m sorry sir. I’m sorry… I’m sor-” Dean sobs, and Castiel runs his fingers through Dean’s hair trying to soothe the beautiful sub.
But that doesn’t mean he wants to do it.
sensitive in all the right ways and over stimulated to the point of tears,
to your fucking Tumblr page and then here you come walking up to my door. You didn’t even change your clothes.”
something. He
first time. You looked at me like- like you were afraid of me.”
He’s close, so goddamn close he can taste it; like the salty skin of Cas’
“Are you calling me that because you can’t actually remember my name?”
Dean needs to be inside of Cas right now.
Then Dean is being thrown, limbs and body useless to slow him down until he hits another wall. He’s disoriented and thinks that maybe Cas is throwing him
manners of a southern gentleman even though he’d been born and raised in
with him.
, in his tracks.
“Uh. No…” he lets the word fade out. How’s he supposed to explain what
Castiel tries to moan out praises, but between the harshness of Dean’s thrusts and ramming of his oversensitive prostate all he can do is yelp and say
what those orders will be. It’s terrifying how easily we can be persuaded to join one cause or another.”
. It’s as if his mind remembers what these all mean but refuses
. Jesus Cas you make me sound like some kinda kinky freak.” Dean parks the car in a space directly in front of the Pepto
despite the awkward angle.
revel in the sheer, intoxicating heat of skin-on-skin. The proper precautions for this act had been taken months ago, but they had been waiting for this.
He can’t even think enough to reach under himself and give himself a stroke or two, his cock instead just slapping his stomach with the force of Castiel
a few quick, quiet hand-jobs in the shower. Cas had begged for a blowjob
“Mmhmm.”
about… “Did we, uh,” He can’t even finish the question. Luckily Cas shows some mercy.
species.
“Okay, water. Here, sit up a little,” Dean helps pull Cas up off the cushion and pulls him against his own chest, then holds the cup to his lips, slowly
And then there’s the way that Dean hits him in
Afterwards they stay in bed, naked and drinking champagne, Dean’s arm
He misses Dean.
Sex had certainly been an interesting experience. That was one of the things Gabriel told him he absolutely must try, so he did – a couple of women, a
All Cas was trying to do was prank his friend. But you know what they say: it’s all fun and games until someone makes fun of your genitals.
weather channel wouldn’t even be able to fathom.
angel’s feathers due to the standard light source of the planet. And, after a few hundred more years of angels and humans mating and evolving, the
Right then they hear Dean walking down the steps.
Then, he stood in the middle of the room and prayed.
along with the lyrics, looking like he’s having the time of his life. He
thing he can think of.
the silk and onto Cas’ hand.
“Why are you so fucking perfect?”
“Do you willingly submit yourself to me?” Castiel brushes Dean’s cheek, and Dean leans into the touch and closes his eyes.
laugh, and waves her in.
The place smells like dust and wood and mildew. It’s a heavy, intoxicating scent. The living room is still mostly furnished with large pieces that are
away muttering something about ‘idjits,’ whatever that means.
way to describe it.
Dean against the Impala in a possessive kiss.
of wanting and dreaming and pretending, he finally allows himself to claim those pink, pouty lips with his
clean, crisp apron – he looks too good for Dean not to take notice.
“…The guy was a dick though.”
“They’re gone. All back at their homes, safe and sound. They won’t remember a thing.”
It’s just- they were pressed together so close that Dean could feel the
“Drawer…” Dean lifts a heavy arm and points it in the direction of the nightstand before it drops back onto the bed. “Thought you’d never get around to
needs his attention, Cas sits with her and they talk; sometimes for a few
It certainly wasn’t going to win a Pulitzer any time soon, but Dean’s essay was definitely going to aid in getting Castiel off in the next five minutes.
he wants to ride it just a little bit longer.
The kiss that follows takes his breath away.
“Twin thing.” Jimmy says, smirking. Cas glowers instead of verbally
Relief rushes through his bones and over his skin, each word soothing him like a balm to his wounds.
and you never want it to end but you can feel yourself getting closer and closer to that precipice… you’re just about to fall completely apart, and your partner is whispering about how beautiful you are and how they can’t believe they get to be with you this way and they grab your hand, lace your fingers together and whisper
sometimes he finds himself getting a little jealous of what those two goons
found a self-help book titled “Is God in Your Bedroom: Volume 1 - Discovering the Joys of Sanctioned Sexuality” that he offered to buy for Castiel, who
Dean’s ass even as he moves around, a packet of water-based lube, a pair of wide leather wrist cuffs, and two sturdy metal nipple clamps, each with a
If Dean thought it couldn’t get any better than that he was
Desperate not to be a puppet in the apocalypse.
“Dean, stop.” Castiel takes his own hand off himself and Dean jumps at the command, and whines but also stops.
John
on his guitar. Castiel feels the heat of the light on his face again, knows he’s visible, and thinks briefly about slinking back into the shadows.
do, you know.’
Dean wiggles his eyebrows.
Message Received: 9:42AM – Are you coming back?
He’s always so happy when Dean comes home.
911. “It’s gonna be okay,” unsure of whether he’s speaking more to Cas or himself, “it’s alright now. It’s going to be okay Cas. You’re okay.”
Fireflies remember to do exactly what it was they used to
sexy, and he knows all of the buttons to push. He knows that
Castiel might make them
and gust of wind may have careened them off the road.
Castiel would argue if he had any fight left in him. But he didn’t so Gabriel continued.
Every time Dean looks at him, Castiel notices a change in Dean – like some shift on a molecular level, as if the nuclei in every one of his cells lights up
It’s a relief, Cas thinks, that even though they’ve all lived so far apart,
slides him to the side so they can lay next to each other.
The asshole can make Dean squirm in his seat with hardly more than a look.
“Slow down there turbo. First, a few things,” Dean presses the blunt head of his dick against Castiel’s ass as he speaks, “One, I need you to relax and
Dean doesn’t realize he’s still slowly, so slowly, pumping himself into Cas, his arms still wrapped tightly around his angels waist to keep him in place,
Something warm and slick leaks out onto his skin, accompanied by a hopeless whine into his neck and a sudden, nearly violent flap of the wings. He presses
a little that maybe they could have this even once the curse is broken, there’s a loud
happening.
“What can I do?”
Cas had one of the most expressive faces Dean had ever seen, despite resting in a non-threatening scowl most of the time.
Holy shit.
Gonna cum
incapable to do anything but stare as Dean unzips his jeans and reveals
... the end gets pretty schmoopy though, and if you’re surprised by that at this point then I’m sorry but have you even been paying attention? I just couldn’t leave poor Dean in that alley thinking that his angel hated him.
“Oh, shit.” Cas stretches and mumbles loudly so Dean can hear him from the
his
“That’s awfully nice. Thank you.”
works his way lower and lower down his body.
“No. I’m Castiel.”
Cas cocks an eyebrow at him, and Dean wipes that look off his face by sliding his hand down the cleft of his ass before pressing on the base of the plug.
pouts for a brief moment that they had to come in on the day she brought
Relationship: Roommates to Lovers
No more Cas.
Even when I question our chances
and lights if anyone gets in their way. If Dean hadn’t been so worked up he would have really appreciated the finesse this weirdo had behind the wheel.
spends a lot of time in Sam’s room watching documentaries on Netflix. Once Cas was found sitting in a leather chair in the library reading; and it wasn’t
the lens.
It takes some time and convincing before Dean (with Mary’s help, of course)
He’s still upset, but less so with himself now and more at the fact that his life revolves around monsters and not around Cas.
“Pudding, sir.” Dean grins. Castiel doesn’t.
sings an a cappella version of The Beatles ‘Birthday’ song and Miss Bradbury forces Castiel into a party hat, he can see Dean laughing and clapping along
Dean’s hands in his. He tries to push them away but he’s unable to actually let go.
“Cas!” he pulls Castiel into his lap. It’s awkward because Cas is coughing and his wings are all fucked up but Dean needs to be as close to him as
Finally.
April, which was educational as well as enjoyable – at least up until she stabbed me…” Dean huffs out a laugh and the tension within the car feels slightly
“How’d you sleep? You feeling better?”
could Dean Winchester be swayed by an awkward male angel?
weight. “Too much…” he breathes out, but Dean just fucks into him again and
“You know, she just wants you to be happy.” He rinses a plate and hands it
There were definitely worse curses he could have been hit with. Hell, he was
see the skeptical look on Dean’s face, because why would you need to
over at Dean, “You don’t mind being my base today, do you?” He asks with a
The only sound is their labored breathing as they both start to comprehend what is about to happen.
‘Hello Mary. The usual?’ He pulls the dishcloth off his shoulder and sets
unbuttoning, shifting his own weight and pulling Dean’s pants and boxers down to his knees, all in a few swift, deft motions. When warm fingers close
“Here, give me the key. I’ll take these off.”
, trying to
confidence as he can.
Dean tries to sit up but, nope. Not a chance. His ribs make a terrible sound, but what stops him is the dull, distinct ache deep in his gut.
“Then what were you doing sittin’ there the whole time? Starin’ at my ass?” Dean gently closes Baby’s hood and drops the rag on the workbench next to him.
a squeeze. He squeezes hers back.
decides that yes, that’s exactly what he’s doing.
relief and a joy so powerful it’s nearly devastating.
In January Dean receives a text.
They yelled at each other over Charlie’s cries. It was just barely past six in the morning when Dean had stormed off to the bedroom and Cas stayed on the
He works his grace and begins massaging the firm muscles of Dean’s thigh through his jeans, getting closer and closer to his groin, watching Dean’s eyes
Each strong, fluid movement of Dean’s hips punches him directly into Castiel’s prostate, harder and harder and
clears his throat, “I’d like to help. You know, with your wings. I was kinda hoping, I donno, that maybe we could do what you told me
There are various bandages and wraps on his arms, neck, and wings, and his face is bruised, but he looks calm, still, and peaceful. The only machine he's hooked up to is the IV pump, and he’s breathing on his own. That's a good sign.
up like a goddamn pretzel.
Krystal – just Krystal, with a
it feels so goddamn
“I thought y’all lost your powers when you moved down here?”
have bound itself to Castiel, and Castiel struggled to let it go. He nearly refused to put it back in its rightful place, but eventually conceded. While
autumnal months on Earth without the beauty or the glow or the scent and crisp bite to the air. This was just death manifested as a manicured landscape.
Dean thinks to himself.
Cas just gives him a skeptical look and Dean distracts him with light suckles on his neck. Well, it’s now or never.
already today. Cas imagined that this guy, this totally unobtainable Adonis, was at home
; velvety, delicate, and thin. The book was so worn in that it would lay open on any page
And then they were gone into the fog but Anne said underneath their jackets she saw wings
This shit is actually dangerous, and shouldn't be attempted unless your partner is an angel who can play you like a fiddle and knows exactly how to get you to the brink and back without causing any harm AND can bring you back to life if you die because death is an actual possibility if this is done incorrectly.
Castiel is a dead man.
hundred pictures of them in their caps and gowns all while trying not to cry. John stands behind her looking proud, and even Sammy is beaming a smile at
“That’s actually a really good idea. With access angels who were actually there, it’d make sense to correct the hundreds of years worth of inaccuracies and
corners, which was a good start. The pages were
with Dean.
Cas didn’t know. He’d never had a girlfriend. Hell, he’d never even been kissed.
a blush creep up the back of his neck when he peeks over at Cas and the man
drowns out any retort Dean could
“Oh, what?” the guy laughs, “’s’not like you were gonna do it. Prude...”
“I’d bet you could hold your own in a fight.”
My man on a horse is here
denying Cas of the kiss. The look on his face forces Dean to react quickly.
know that? I should do this for a living.”
directly at him, is Dean Winchester.
escapes Cas’ lips, and Dean grins.
Dean
“Huh?” Dean is losing focus, the feeling of Jimmy on his cock almost unbearable. But then Cas is behind him, up against him on his knees and gripping his
“Shh, it’s alright.” Castiel coos into Dean’s ear as a gust of wind and another sharp snap of electricity reverberates through the air. Castiel releases
feet away, before looking back at his Cas.
late for volunteering at the animal shelter or late to making his monthly donation to the soup kitchen. Sammy would never see that maybe his own brother
Side, and she texts back “hahahahahaha no” so they decide to get drunk on cheap wine in Central Park instead.
“He didn’t
gets a response back almost immediately.
tangled in Cas’ hair to keep him close.
glass of wine that’s offered by a passing hostess, and instead wanders
“It’s weird, you sitting there just looking at me.” Dean says, and Castiel shoves Dean back against the door and holds him there without moving a muscle.
“Okay.”
“Wh-why?” He looks over his shoulder and see’s Cas removing his tie and starting to unbutton his shirt.
But nothing happens besides a quick hello and a smile that is friendly and familiar.
coiling the chain around the cuffs. “You’ll tell me if this isn’t something you want, right? Don’t just say you’ll do something because you know I want to,
over his face. “Thought I’d gone off the deep end. I’ve been chasin’ after
– answers anyway.
“That’s cool. You met his family? That’s kind of a big deal, right?”
reaches up to try and stop him. He can’t possibly continue the beating from the night before, can he?
sound Dean now realizes is Cas’ wings
for the outpouring of support and love after I posted the last chapter. It was overwhelming and gave me all sorts of happy, warm feelings. You have no idea how much it helped - it boosted me well over my funk, so thank you again, and I friggin' love you all so so much.
“No. I-I’m sorry. What else do you remember?”
Community college classes were harder than he expected. Summer in Lawrence
“Yeah it feels big now, but add five guys, a girl and a surly old hillbilly plus whoever else we can cram in here, trust me, it gets real small real
Castiel drops him and almost before his feet touch the ground he punches him in the face again and Dean hears a crack in his skull – his nose most likely
There is always that dangerous little voice that Dean kept quiet and hidden away that tried to tell him he was worth something more than to be used as a
Relationship(s): Cas/Dean = Established, Cas/Jimmy  = Brothers, Dean/Cas/Jimmy = Lovers
Dean sniffles and tries to wipe his cheeks without it being obvious while he scoots up the bed. His knees are red and have matching indentations in the
“I, uh, I don’t have a mat.” Dean grumbles, beyond embarrassed and rubbing
It is different. Something’s not quite right.
so, you know, don’t fuck it up.”
You’re full of shit. No one looks good after running fifteen miles.
“Whoa whoa whoa hold on there a second. What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean was getting angry, because not only did Sam just get to spend some quality
the Cas he knows – and nothing else is said for a long time.
Unfortunately he realizes this about four seconds after he’s already walked
Everything moves too slowly.
earlier is back.
he gets to have this it is a new, beautiful, overwhelming experience. It’s as though this breaks them both down into their
Ah, yeah. That’s right. Dean
B-47 Stratojet, is
another part-time employee – a sweet redhead girl named Charlie – was hired
“Show me what it’s like to be with a man.”
Everything that Cas just said
Wrapping yourself around a naked Winchester will have that affect, ain't that right Sam?"
the mattress and lands in a heap before flipping himself onto his back and looking up at Castiel, who has no plans let Dean recover.
Babe we both had dry spells
He hardly noticed when Vicki became just a spectator. She'd sit in a chair next to the bed and get herself off while watching them -  the physical contact now solely between Misha and Jensen. Nobody seemed to mind the shift in dynamic.
afterwards – that’s what Castiel feels the most
exquisite hips.
himself again.
Dean isn’t allowed much time to dwell on that statement because Cas sinks down to his knees in front of him and now all Dean can focus on is that tongue
Anna, on the other hand, proved to be an incredible fighter during their entrance trials and she was sent to fight with a small group of guerrilla angels in
Four concerts in one week, and Castiel was convinced that he wouldn’t ever tire of watching Dean perform. Yes, the songs and the banter were similar every
“Don’t talk about that troll right now.” Dean smacks Cas’ right cheek, and then pulls the plug slowly out of him. Cas’ hole stays open wide, winking at
Dean really wasn’t kidding about having fifty pairs of panties for Cas to destroy...
That was such a supremely Dean thing to say and it makes Castiel smile. Sure, no one would be able to perceive his smile if they looked at him right now,
willing. Sometimes Misha forgets
few of the details he hadn’t before.
you’re creating a new religion. It’s a joke.”
at all, and if Jimmy says
minutes, sometimes for an hour or so. He is a good man, and Mary enjoys
understands. “I’m not… I don’t really,” he huffs through his nose in frustration. “I can’t explain it, but just let me be here, okay? I just want to be
Dean spreads Cas’ legs, pushing up his knees and spreading him until he can see Cas’ red, puffy hole winking at him. It still looks a little sore from
crotch.
“He’s an angel. I think they’re all a little off.”
“Cas I’ve haven’t blown you on the patio before and I’m not going to start now. Mrs. Baker would have goddamn heart attack.”
“Cas, hey, it’s me. You need anything in there?” Dean heard his brother’s voice; loud, but in that gentle-giant sort-of way. Dean didn’t hear Cas’ response
He couldn’t answer that. Not just because he didn’t have an answer, but he also couldn’t pray back to Dean and explain that he didn’t know.
Kissing before
isn’t necessarily accurate considering Dean got into KU and is only about a mile away from Lawrence
student and we didn’t
angelic form barely contained within its vessel. Cas has always been warm but Dean has never been so close to the angel that he’s felt it like this.
sensitive to light and touch and sound. I usually keep them hidden away.”
that alley years ago. He kisses Dean’s palm, along his wrist and up to his elbow as an apology for breaking his arm while he was being controlled by Naomi.
“Well keep it up, Winchester. I’ll let you know when I hear from him next. Archangel,
.” Dean hums peacefully and nuzzles into the back of Castiel’s neck. “My omega.”
the concrete. His ankles are stiff and aching, and the pressure on his knees feels worse with each passing minute.
Dean doesn’t say a word, but the look on his face must ask
from when he’d work on it in the morning before Dean got out of bed.
right here.”
or a warrior. He doesn’t believe in the war. How can he fight for something he doesn’t believe in?
Dean’s hip where he’d been sucking a nice bruise.
out a happy little groan.
“That won’t be necessary Dean. Thank you for all this, I hope it wasn’t too much trouble.”
I'm your curtain's best friend
this, so Castiel leans forward and takes hold of Dean. One palm grips Dean’s left arm below his shoulder, and the other braces himself against Dean’s
Instead of the euphoria he always imagined sex with Cas would be like, right now he feels only guilt and sadness and pain.
either, except that people usually participate during the private dances;
Dean had taken the role of Big Brother very seriously. Having no siblings
picked it up after it had been abandoned by someone else.
precome leaks between them, adding to the sensation of their bodies moving
and keeps him there until he decides what else he wants to do with him.
softly and nibbling at his neck before finding his lips and give him a wet,
“Cas I’m not that kind of person, you know? I’m… I can be faithful. I wouldn’t… I’d never…”
They easily find ways to avoid each other, and their teammates voice concern at first until Dean threatens to kick the ass of the next person who asks him
“You have a point.” He squeezes Dean a little tighter. “Happy anniversary,
‘Do you mind if I ask you what you’re working on?’
feet away. Sammy stands next to him, arms crossed, looking concerned and pissed. “Broken nose,” Bobby continues, “fractured wrist, four broken fingers and
In the ivy and forget-me-nots
Dean tucks a hand between them and maneuvers so he can stroke them both
“I knew then that what I had written was too personal. I didn’t- I
“What a bossy son of a- Bobby! I’m taking a break!” Dean shouts and heads to the bathroom, double checking that the door locks behind him because the last
way he had and now he is completely aware of the pooch of his lower stomach
himself in Dean’s tight heat again, he’s
sheets and a large map of the world that he stuck up on the wall opposite the built-in bookshelf nook in the living room from Pottery Barn. He even
Other: Use of grace for cleanliness purposes (and other…)
“After tonight – after this – I’m the one who deserves to rot in hell.” Cas’ voice is unadulterated sorrow, and the sound of it breaks something vital
Verse/Setting: AU – High School
dick poking out proudly past the lace by one of his thighs. Dean looks down
“Kiss me, Dean.” Cas’ voice is still soft but this is clearly a demand, so Dean releases his legs and falls forward to meet Cas’ lips with his own. The
Nothing about the way a motor functions makes sense to Castiel, but he could watch Dean work on the Impala for a thousand years.
Dean wasn’t aware of what this meant, but now that Cas wasn’t able to meet his eyes he had a feeling that maybe he made a mistake bringing this up.
“What do you mean?”
Castiel immediately looks up and across the street, dropping his phone on the floor in the process because there, standing at the window and looking
“I thought you’d gotten over trying to label me…”
shoulder he keeps biting at.
he thinks. Dean walks to the chair where his jacket had been disregarded the night before to search the pockets for his phone.
Mish…”
outside.
perfect
“The last time you
television studio. He glares at the TV.
a position that would be very easy to climb onto.
to kiss up his neck; wet, warm kisses to his jaw where he finally says,
Other times Castiel found himself lying on top of Dean in the back seat, their feet hanging out the open door while Castiel discovered how much Dean liked
Dean: Hunter, bottom
“You are good Dean. You are mine and you are good.”
House of Pie?’ Dean tries again, and Cas gives him
Ride me.
“I should go…”
It was mainly his wings that were suffering now. He tried to extend one, move it up slightly in Dean’s direction, but it sent a sharp jolt of pain up into his
responsive it’s as if he’s never been touched before in his life.
Castiel finally lets go and allows his own release to escape him with a gasp as he fills the condom inside of Dean, feeling the pulsing of Dean’s ass
“Dean-o, what the hell happened?” The soft expression on Gabriel’s face is a welcome surprise because Dean’s not sure if he could take any of the guy’s
Dean’s own smirk a run for its money.
staring. Cas notices.
kids, road trip?”
Dean: Blogger, bottom
Cas’ shirt and holds him up.
“Dean’s in the shower. Do you want to come in?”
“Yes, thank you for the tickets. That was very generous.” Castiel tries to focus on his own voice and not on the clean, tight black t-shirt that Dean has
Mary is back on Cas’ arm, and before they enter through the large glass
A week later when Anna got her call too, Castiel knew he wasn’t going to let her go back alone.
N is for nipples... mostly Dean's nipples and all the things Cas wants to do to them.
wallet on the floor and wraps his arms around Cas, pulling him closer,
It is always hard to tell if Cas is joking, but this
his hair a few times, mussing it up a bit while throwing small glances back in Dean’s direction.
possibly be explained?
shirt.
Dean takes Castiel’s hips in a strong grip and pulls him back and down on top of the Alpha’s lap.
So, yes, there was a spark that ignited inside of Castiel that wanted to make Dean obey him, but he loved Dean.
“Through our connection, Dean, don’t be crass.”
his sensitive insides – demanding that he fight it.
“Yes.”
Castiel falls even deeper in love so hard he nearly chokes on his toast.
Cas continues to ease Dean through his climax while still chasing after his own when Dean realizes he’s been all but useless. He tries to replace Castiel’s
Dean nearly shouts when the soft, powerful muscle of Cas’ tongue breaches his hole, probing in and out lightly, stretching him, twisting around inside
return.
“Dean?” He lifts Dean’s chin so that he’s forced to look him in the eye. “I’d like to be your Dom. Exclusively. Would you like that, too?”
When he woke again it was dark in the room and it looked to be dark outside too. There was a figure slumped over in the chair Gabriel had been in but it
“Jensen?”
His small-scale and large-scale mechanical dioramas have been featured in
Dean rolls his eyes.
“Very, sir.”
Now it is healed – not even a scar.
working on the car.
whispered quietly as Sam was only a few feet away. Cas whimpered and
The two of them smile at each other, and for two grown men in their mid-to-late twenties, they both feel like a couple of teenagers in love for the first
wall, anda cheap water feature in the corner. Castiel didn’t notice any of this. All he noticed was Dean, who seemed to glow as he stood to greet them.
He remembers how scary it was to fall asleep for the first time.
“And I’m changing that stupid profile picture.”
saw me I looked… I was different. I had a six-pack, you know? I just, uh-”
up over those perfect hipbones. His shirt was off and his arm was in the shot, his hand probably cupping his dick. But, the picture was taken from the side
“You were gonna come weren’t cha?”
seat at the front of the class. He thinks that if he keeps it up he just might make it to summer without getting thrown in prison.
and, uh, and it’s a very important song to me. I wrote it about someone I met about a while back who I care about, um, a lot.”
The road was no longer Dean’s escape. It just
did he see them playing out together? Did Castiel want to tie him up?
Cas turns to Mary.
Castiel sighed at his brother’s brutal honesty.
at his prostate with all three fingers and every thought he’s ever had falls right out of his head. Castiel moans loudly into his hands and then his arms
There’s a bright flash of white behind his eyes as Cas nails him in the right spot over and over, and when his vision clears he looks up to see that blue
the feathers down to where they drape onto the bed, “they are not ugly. They are beautiful, Cas, so fucking beautiful, and anyone who tells you otherwise,
complete he lies back down on top of him and gestures for Castiel to wrap his wings around them again.
of what can only be a dumbstruck look on his face. Cas just hums in what can only be agreement as he takes Dean’s entire cock in his mouth with more grace
“It’s a surprise.” Dean smiles as he backs down the drive way and turns toward his childhood home, a place he hasn’t been in years.
“Maybe it will, then. We’ll see.”
Two nights later at the show in Salt Lake City he was ready to debut Cas’ new song during his acoustic set while the rest of the band took a breather.
“Show you…” Castiel has to clear his throat when Dean begins to finger at the bottom hem of his vest. “Show you what?” Something instinctual makes him take
It didn’t take them long to figure out that it was Castiel.
right where to stop so that it presses firmly against Dean’s prostate. “Tell me, Dean, what is your safe word?”
“Of course that was me…” Cas says, feeling a little spark knowing that
He knows that Dean’s Alpha needs to say those things just as much as his omega needs to hear them, and it’s comforting to know that they’re both
look of approval on Sam’s face.
“Yes Dean? Do you have a question about the assignment?”
clearly wasn’t Gabriel.
Dean shakes his head. ‘No one that really revs my engine. I want someone
It was a relief when he’d hear Dean begin to sing because that meant the last time wasn’t really
from his body, the tufts of feathers along the top edges of his wings stand on end and relax. It’s beautiful to watch.
better view, strong arms hold him tight.
with his girlfriend are getting pretty serious) and Cas was already pretty
nodded, very sure of what he was agreeing to. Dean squeezed his throat a
He’s just not ready to let go yet.
It’s something he’ll spend plenty of time regretting in the coming weeks,
pressure from the outside making Dean gasp.
because his face goes from
what fantasies were made of. The epitome of angelic, she was essentially a perfect human with wide eyes and a bright smile with lovely wings to match.
The oscillating looks of confusion and frustration on Dean’s face irritate Gabriel. His nostrils flare and he takes a breath before continuing, voice
performance he just gave. Dean motions for Castiel to sit, and he is acutely aware of Dean’s gaze as he situates his wings and takes a seat. It’s not a
might like pie even more than Dean does.’
“And I don’t even know his real name.”
get to the bottom of it.
can see the difference.” Dean says it with conviction. Well,
over the bar and grabs the whiskey bottle from where he had set it, clearly intending to pour himself another drink. Before he can manage it, however, the
instigate. He doesn’t reach and pull him into his lap when Dean gets close.
He sure this is partially due to the persistent forced thoughts of truck
The only ghost I’m haunted by
, don’t – h
Some of the tension in Cas’ shoulders dissipates and he takes a breath,
This is how S5EP18 went (according to me)
And besides, he’s
And he never completely lost hope, because every so often a prayer would squeak through; something quiet and precise, but very clearly Dean.
startle the sleepy man. As soon as he gets a response in the form of a soft
instead they slide under the sheet stark naked and scoot together. It’s a
tongue along Castiel’s length.
him.
“Jimmy’s in town again next week for work. I told him he could stay with us. I hope that’s alright.” Cas shouts though the partially open bathroom door at
“Gotcha.”
he wouldn’t have been able to jerk off anyway.
could take a strong hold of each wing as he fucks Cas from behind until shooting his load into that impossibly tight ass.
Until next time...
Dean relaxes and gulps down air each time Castiel pulls back.
He didn’t realize he was humming until Cas asked him, “what’s that song you’re humming?”
Cas turns on the water and doesn’t wait for it to warm up at all before stepping in. The cold feels good and helps squelch the feeling that his blood is
Dean before Cas can see her do it. When he arrives at the counter to greet
The voice sounds so familiar, but Cas can’t seem to place it.
(that he was failing miserably, by the way).
“You do?”
Football season in Lawrence is a big deal and after six years of avoiding it, Castiel is finally recruited to supervise the student section of the stadium
fingers through the feathers.
dramatically off of Dean, immediately missing the warmth. “Come on, you’re
He shivers with something resembling possessiveness, but that is quickly forgotten as Dean moans loud for more.
All that remains are Dean’s bracelets and his anti-possession tattoo.
They finish breakfast with casual conversation and then Dean decides to take a shower. Castiel considers getting in with him, but the shower is too small
Since they’ve been together – what, some year-and-a-half now – Dean is sure to always lavish Cas’ body with attention and affection. He’d watched as this
“Not this time big boy. You can ride this ride tomorrow when you can
“Needed you for so long…” Dean whispers in his ear, just before a moan wracks his body.
lightly, spreads his cheeks and spears him as deep as his tongue will go.
his nightstand drawer. He sprints back up the steps, grabs the bottle, stuffs it in a small outer pocket of his bag, and heads toward the garage.
One of Dean’s hands finds one of his and they tangle their fingers together. In that moment everything is perfect and nothing else matters except for the
his groin and the thought of being recorded while being fucked stupid, he
bed. All of the movement and bending shifts the plug in him, now a constant pressure right on his most sensitive spot.
“Yes.”
“Dean-” he croaks out, softly, before his body seizes with another coughing fit.
Dean can taste the thick, sour blood in his mouth from the seemingly endless blows as Cas crowds him against another solid wall, lifting him off the ground
“You don’t know that. I don’t tell you every single thing I do.” Cas
Dean. They both know it. Dean succumbs and allows himself to be laid on the bed like a doll and then roughly flipped onto his stomach.
backstage for a hot n’ heavy make out session, hands gripping onto the feathers like his life depended on it. They were soft. Hot. They felt
Mary spends the next half hour fielding questions about Washington’s tribal
ready for me.”
You can bend me over the bed and fuck me from behind if you want. Or I can ride you.
“I… uh,”
decided – you
That means Cas is going to be okay, right?
never seemed to return my calls. But then my car broke down on Highway 10,
as he should
He wants to carry a part of Dean with him always, and he wants to give a piece of himself to Dean as well, but what if he can’t? There’s no way to tell if…
perfect nose; the curl of his eyelashes; the soft dimples at the corner of
“You let your
dinner (and home-made blueberry pie for dessert), they took a walk along
Castiel a lot of himself, timid and unsure, and he wanted to be a brave presence for the young angel.
around the defined muscles of his calves, and a tight black tank-top that’s
single movement makes Dean scream. There’s a brief moment of clarity, when a hand slides over his tummy and someone says
It doesn’t take long after that, Cas pulls out about halfway and Dean wonders what the fuck he’s doing but then he feels Cas’ spilling inside of him, hot
“Fuck, Cas, are you not wearing underwear?”
escape his notice because
Castiel steals a quick glance at the wunderkind and notices a lovely brush of light freckles over his nose and cheeks. He wonders if he’d be able to see
But Anna had always been drawn to the ocean. She appreciated the empty expanse – the opportunity to look out and find something meaningful for herself in
And, finally, thank you to my beta MissMikiQ. Holy shit. ILY <3
, and
Once, while he was on the phone with Bobby trying to plan the next tour schedule, Cas walked by – literally, just walked through the hallway, passing the
Dean.
and those fabled sparks
He doesn’t hear it so much as feel it this time, like a cooling sensation creeping up his spine and then shooting out across both wings.
I’d care if he was a stripper or a carny or a… politician.”
“No.” He says, turning Dean and pushing him toward the bed. His limbs have forgotten what it’s like to support his weight so Dean sort of flops down onto
him. There’s a plate in front of him with a half-eaten slice of pie on it,
So now he and Misha have their own room.
images, he saw close-up headshots, a smiling Dean Winchester with his sprinkling of freckles, shallow laugh lines, lush lips and eyes that burned emerald,
,” Cas sighs, running his hands along Dean’s back, under his shirt, scraping his nails down Dean’s spine. His hips buck up as Dean
“Well it started with me pulling that little blue plug out of my ass. I
The first time he did it, the brothers were sitting at the table eating breakfast. Dean was eating a bowl of cereal from a box with a cartoon rabbit on the
Now that everything has found its rightful place on Dean’s desk and the tasks for the day have been laid out, his assistant gestures to the small bag.
this isn’t something I’ve ever… I’m not a guy who normally…”
sexuality for years and actually encouraged him to come out. And Dean,
Castiel thinks for a moment before answering.
time you’ve allowed yourself to be happy since you got here. I haven’t seen you smile like since… Jesus, I don’t remember when.”
“Gabriel, as in…”
muscle from years of football and track, feels so soft and pliable under Dean’s hands?
because Gabriel continues without pause.
making Dean’s fingertips slide so smoothly across his skin.
“Come here,” Castiel says, wrapping his arms around Dean and scooting him even closer to him until he’s more wrapped around Castiel than he is actually on
Dean squeezes a few more dribbles of lube onto his fingers and starts to tease Cas’ tight little hole, making sure to thumb softly at his balls while he
When Becky comes back later that week she begrudgingly takes the seat behind Dean, who remains a distraction in the front row.
Every touch is sharper – brighter. Dean’s fingers and hands and lips feel vibrant, similar to the way he could feel pain and fear in these handcuffs;
“So? I’m going to get grease all over you.” Something about that makes Dean bite his lip, and he must feel the same thing Cas did when he saw the paint
stills all movement.
strike.
photographs. Despite the fact that he’s wearing dark blue jeans, his white
building, he’s moved with it in his own kitchen, and thought about how he
be.
“Oh. Yes. Apologies.” Castiel didn’t realize that he was also prohibiting Dean’s erection from fully forming while his grace suppressed every muscle. He
. Like, tables and bed frames and
support of his hands. The weights hang heavily from Dean’s chest and the sub grimaces, but he’s soon lost in the task at hand.
Not thirty seconds after Cas hears the rumble of Dean’s car fade away is he booting up his laptop.
exhibits and vied for a lot of the same jobs, but all these faces look new
and throwing his arms around Cas’ waist to pull him impossibly closer as
Castiel has ever heard. “I have lube in my backpack… n’ condoms…”
And Jensen realizes he hasn’t tried that hard to fight him off anyway. Actually, he’s found himself squeezing Misha’s fingers tightly with his own when the
Without another word, Dean lifts his body, still bracing himself between Cas’ wings, and he slowly sinks down on Cas’ cock,
his chest and spreading through his body with every pulse.
“Did you enjoy it though?”
They all come out sounding like
Cas moans loudly – between the pressure of Dean’s thigh pressing against
live wire.
chilly, while Sammy and Dean were in the kitchen prepping the chicken for the grill. “It’s like, your spirit. It gives you life and meaning”
out a single “um” before Castiel’s phone vibrates loudly in his pocket.
doesn’t seem that appropriate anymore.’
hug.
in hand, waiting for a glimpse of Dean Winchester.
They lie still for a long time, the only movement is Castiel’s wings slowly sweeping over Dean’s skin, caressing the bare flesh of the man Castiel has
“Front row, probably getting her eye-bang on with the big one or the Asian one, we’re not sure.”
“Cas what the hell is going on? I know you… I mean, you’re in on this, right? Tell me this has been you all day and that I’m not going crazy – that I
neon reds and blues and purples, and loud, pulsing music leaks from the
When he gets there, Cas has already loaded the cooler into the trunk and is waiting patiently in the front seat. If this all goes according to plan, one of
down, get under the hood. Somebody gets sick, make them soup. He’s a
shoot some Craps and lose miserably at Blackjack before the limo arrives to
that because the only thing he can see are the two giant, disheveled, and misshapen black wings and an unconscious angel lying on the living room floor.
And he waits.
every time.
The days are getting shorter
“Wait, how do I get in touch with you?” Dean shouts after Gabriel.
It’s almost too easy to straddle him and sink down on that cock until his
His own cock is hard and leaking onto Dean’s comforter.
support him.
again. His body is a livewire, and every brush of feathers or skin against him sparks something intense; a scratch to an itch he didn’t know needed
away right now and do exactly what this guy is doing – put on some porn and jack off before bed.
he could move on. But it never happened, and he’d always wind up staring at the ceiling thinking
He just can’t win.
He logs onto Tumblr and checks out A-Boy-In-Lace.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean sighs, his eyes fluttering closed. He rests his forehead against Castiel’s.
Dean grips onto Castiel’s thighs to ground himself, to stop himself from thrusting up into that perfectly snug hole. He focuses on Cas’ face: how his eyes
against Dean’s thighs.
after sex – well, that’s new.
He changes his mind after only a beer and a half and decides instead to call Sammy, who answers after two rings.
We saw the ghosts of angels
“Have you heard from Anna?”
walks up with two plates of apple pie and sets them on the table. There are
getting his hands on all sorts of antique warplanes and never-before
faster, harder,
This Chapter:
The thought of Cas attempting to figure out the coffee maker would have been hilarious if Dean wasn’t already completely consumed with the thought of what
Dean nods in understanding and sips at the clear drink in his glass.
Misha hums in agreement. “Maybe in Vegas next week we can do
. It makes him like Sam even more.
drawn-out, beautiful groan from Dean’s chest that vibrates through both of them. He does it again and again until Dean’s body is shaking and pleading
centuries watching how humans interacted with each other – friendships, relationships, romance, sex, love, family – it was one of the reasons he had wanted
“Castiel.” Dean wants to punch himself for how much he lets that word hurt him as he says it aloud.
“Dean?” Castiel manages, reaching up to touch the man’s cheek softly.
jeans.
pulls his hand away.
Cas knows this is going to be another unforgettable night.
Maybe Jensen thinks he should be home, with JJ and Dani and not here, in Misha’s kitchen, giving him that look that means
open.
and fuzzy and warm and still while he catches his breath.
Dean looks at him.
Something profound is happening. Dean can feel energy radiating in Castiel’s wings like an electric current that isn’t so much shocking as it is vibrating;
they must look ridiculous. Dean’s still dressed, clothes only shoved haphazardly out of Castiel’s way. Cas is bent over and Dean is practically hanging off
so much bigger than it is.
that Cas feels he’s probably about fifteen years too old to even consider
inside of him, his eyes squeezed shut and jaw dropped open in a silent scream.
And Thursday, too.
“I bought it about two weeks after my car broke down.” He’d said,
Dean squeezes him slightly, and Cas smiles against his skin and kisses
and gives him a wink.
around his hips, pulling Cas in faster as they build a rhythm that has them
They take AP statistics which Dean does surprisingly well in. Cas enjoys his World Religions class. They both take weight training as an elective, and
Please… Please just keep... keep going… keep…
Cas surges up to kiss him like a man who can’t believe his luck.
there, letting out a surprised yelp as he comes suddenly over their fingers, cock twitching forcefully with each emission. Between the look of complete
Since Cas couldn’t decide what he really wanted to do, he took on a huge workload for a wide array of courses that all seemed to point toward early
“Excuse me, can I...?” he asked one of the girls who was asking him to sign her poster, and before she could answer he had her turned around and was using
intensity of his soul), but it’s with the assured ease of motion with which Sam leans back and kicks his feet up onto the coffee table that Castiel can see
Led Zeppelin.
Dean fell in love a lot, though, and fast. He couldn’t deny that. He had always been one to feel things quickly and deeply. It was a defense mechanism he’d
table, gets up and walks over to the small somewhat-hidden camera he’d set
“Yes. My duty was to watch over all of His creation. I rarely intervened, and when I did it would only be to tell my brothers. And I liked to watch:
A tiny bit of pink lace.
something to hold onto.
small, smooth circles, gently goading his lover to wake up. He leans over
“Don’t be sorry. I’ve got about thirty more pairs I’ll let you ruin.”
“Show me, Mr. Novak.”
man and the band.
Om peace, peace, peace
back to
“Down, Dean… let me… I-I’ll
they get Cas’ pants down
“It’ll be fun, Dean. And if it sucks we’ll bail and play video games.”
“It’s a guy. Okay, that’s fine. What’s his name?”
for his students, but “Brevity is the soul of wit” he told them. Only two students understood the reference.
“What? No, Anna I’m not having…” Dean, who clearly heard Anna’s voice through the phone, is shaking with silent laughter. “No. Anna, what do you want?”
“Jesus Christ Cas, say it a little louder!” Dean ignores the twinge in his groin at hearing Cas say such a disgusting thing. Cas open his mouth like he’s
it!” Sammy bellows, and his laughter echoes through the halls of the bunker as he walks away, hopefully far, far away. “I
messing around and claim him already.
today. It’s just that fine mist that Seattle seems to wear from October
your personal pie palace.’ Mary chides.
“Yup.”
He needs to find something to hold onto before he’s completely lost.
do chores and make fun of how Sammy knows all the words to Hit Me Baby One More Time.
remember what being tired felt like and how good it felt to sleep, but he’s not allowed that luxury because angels don’t get to feel tired and they sure as
finally, many
“I’ll be careful. I’m a big boy, I can take care of myself.”
Cas’ breath catches in his throat.
he has no plans to anytime soon because those plush, soft lips ruined him.
natural and not to wince as each vertebra in his spine snaps back into its
Sometimes Dean hates his job, but he always loves his office. It’s a roomy corner office on the twenty-sixth floor with floor-to-ceiling windows along two
So, when he finds himself at The Roadhouse, sitting across from the man
you’re retired?’
But the guy is just an amazing kisser. He’s demanding with it, but not
Finally Dean makes it to the final weight and it attaches – and six ounces are pulling on each nipple. Dean looks down at them and winces.
Dean spits into his palm and gives himself a few strokes before pressing slowly into Cas. He was right; they didn’t need lube; Cas had used plenty when he
He still can’t suck his own cock though, which is fine, because Cas is
This chapter is pure filth. Enjoy!!
“You really don’t want to know.” Cas starts lining up the glasses in the rack
then yawns and stretches.
Other: Mention of both boys with other people (female), mild angst, no implied or referenced top/bottom
Dean is alright and helps him up. Dean wobbles on his feet and Cas walks him over to the bench where it’s decided that he needs to sit out for the rest of
It must be minutes before Dean remembers to breathe. He pulls back from Cas not more than an inch, and tries to gulp in as much air as he can before Cas
his skin as he twists and torques an assortment of wrenches.
Ghost Sickness
And then Dean feels warm, wet lips pressing open kisses against his shoulder blade and a hot tongue sweep across his skin.
about this. “Oh come on! You guys have been dancing around each other for years…”
“What’s next? Do I take my pants off or…”
“So, how are things going? Are you re-adjusting to Earth alright?”
“I was in a hurry, sir.” Dean answers, eyes still up toward some unknowable spot on the ceiling. He really does look beautiful like this. Castiel almost
Dean doesn’t stop. He doesn’t even slow down despite his shaking legs, the slippery floor of the tub, and the fact that he’s holding a grown man up with
bed staring at the ceiling, listening to some horrible angsty emo music.
“Sore,” Dean answers, “and exhausted.” Castiel nods in understanding. Dean is in his mid-twenties and very fit, but that doesn’t mean crawling around on a
can drive us to Portland tomorrow.” Castiel gives his brother a questioning look, “Oh please bro, I know that look. What do you think
bring you something else. I bake everything fresh in the morning.’
technique, and slowly, as more and more people realize he is playing, the crowd silences completely. The only sound is the riff through the speakers, and
“You looked afraid, that’s why…” he realizes how stupid he sounds midway
he’d be devastated to find out that Dean was only reading that particular Script for research for a song.
Grace.
get him another slice of pie.
“Fuck.” Dean breathes out the word and looks up at Cas who is staring down at him with the same stoic look on his face.
It’s not timid. It’s not delicate and it’s not a slow burn. It’s not at all how Dean expected the relatively shy, introverted Castiel angel-of-the-lord to
back toward the final weight, Castiel asks him why he doesn’t stand up and walk across the room.
a week after he had to drop out of high school, or how they took a bus everywhere because he absolutely hated flying. He talked openly about his father’s
Castiel nods. His head, neck and shoulders are propped up on two pillows, and his hands rest lazily on the mattress, reaching out to either side of the
into too many people as he walks, but there’s so much movement that it happens regardless.
), it was never far from Dean’s mind that he had something to get
“That’s not necessary Dean-o, and there’s no God to swear to anyway. That’s why our little Casanova was drafted.”
“Just trying to make sure he’s not tense. You’re not tense, are you baby?”
“Shh shh shh, it’s okay, gorgeous omega,” is whispered in Castiel’s ear as he strains his neck, looking back to see Dean using the slick to lubricate his –
“Yes, yes. Poor me. Please pity me.” Cas sighs.
does he have love handles that he hadn’t noticed???
But now Dean is heading home, and the plan he put in motion shortly after Cas fell fourteen months ago, the plan that all started with that ratty old book
slides all the way to the base in a single fluid glide.
He’s surrounded, and he’s drowning in it and he feels like he might break at any moment. He can’t even force a smile when two girls start hugging him. He
‘I’ll live. Gen, do you mind if I share yours?’
When Cas finally looks up, he takes in Dean’s relaxed, sleepy expression,
Castiel forgets how to breathe. There, standing not two feet away is the man he’s watched masturbate less than forty hours ago; and in less than two
“Shit.” Dean grumbles. Now he knows how Cas has felt all day. He wants
Even after all of the time Dean spent thinking about how amazing it would be to groom Cas’ wings, and even after reading every bit of legitimate literature
Dean’s hands under the hood.
He wants to fill Dean’s soul with the magic and power of being an angel so that Dean can look at him and know that angels were and still could be exactly
‘I had nothing to do with that.’ He signs before picking up his fork and
genuinely laughed a few times. He signed over fifty autographs and smiled for pictures. He hugged his fans.
‘Of course I’m right. I’m a mother. Ask my boys - that means I’m
although it does
Instead, he takes a shower and checks himself out in the mirror. Sure he’s put on a little weight in the last few years, but he’s still in good shape.
thoughtfully and tucks himself away.
‘You’re right.’ Cas scrunches his nose and shakes his head, laughing. ‘As I
assumingly because of how attractive Cas is.
Castiel’s omega swoons at the Alpha’s words. Castiel himself knew that he is completely capable of taking care of himself; he is successful and well-off,
your skin directly you seemed to settle down. I didn’t have the opportunity to ask for your consent, but Sam said to do whatever I had to do to make sure
million times before.
Okay, so maybe he’ll hold hands, but Jensen
then drops it back on the seat and scrubs his hands over his face before
Castiel could remember every word he had written. He’d wanted so badly to give Dean some kind of peace. Castiel never imagined that Dean would reciprocate.
“No one has… I mean, I don’t usually,
“Deal.”
“Good god, boy, don’t say shit like that. I should thump you. The sister’s real pretty.” Dean nods, because yes she is, but, “she ain’t as pretty as your
Then the doorbell rings, startling him. There is a very tall man with long hair peaking in through a window. The shower is still running upstairs, so
displeasure, which he voices by way of an irritated groan.
“Are you off having sex with Dean Winchester?” she giggles.
confronted by it.
“We’re going to add weight to your nipples now.”
front porch is still on the mantle in the living room. Dean’s favorite picture, however, is of Cas sitting on the couch, with a sleeping baby Charlie in a
intake of breath as he wakes suddenly.
“Uh,” Dean stares at Castiel.
on his 5
one was prouder of Sam than his big brother when he graduated with honors
He’s able to land one knock on the door before it swings open and Dean is standing there wearing only his flannel pajama bottoms slung low on those
in the small town of Carnation.
know?
light up behind Dean’s eyes. “Oh
Mary doesn’t even try to hide her grin.
me.”
“Everything does hurt. He is very broken. He must have fallen.”
“How are you feeling?” he asks, petting along Dean’s arm.
before pushing it back in and closing the dishwasher door. “But it was…
Still, neither of them move right away. They stay looking at each other, and Dean tries desperately to keep his mind blank for fear of thinking something
Dean: Hunter, sub, bottom
his cheeks hollow out and Cas lets out a groan, which is echoed by his brother hardly a second after.
A tongue breaches his hole and Castiel lets out a lewd groan, tossing his head back, so pathetically desperate for more. One of his hands grips at
Everything is business as usual, except for that Dean Winchester kid.
every moan his angel makes. The body beneath him shifts slightly, and then there is something soft tickling his back.
clothes scratch against his skin…
and slams the door.
His dick was in a chicks mouth, for fucks sake.
>> I wish you’d just tell me what you want.
to lean over to read what’s on the page Cas leans away, hiding it, and then
information.”
crossed Dean’s mind at one point as he watched Cas sucking on
Castiel woke early, showered, and poked at a few out of place feathers before giving up on that. He paced around his small studio apartment before settling
piece of the puzzle.
Dean’s asshole. Words cannot describe the feeling of getting probed open by Cas’ long tongue while getting his dick sucked, too. It didn’t seem possible to
“Just making sure they’re still on good enough.” He tugs again, and Dean winces but is quiet. “Are you ready for your punishment, Dean?”
mostly limp and spent from his orgasm not more than three minutes ago, but
stays in the same room as him, telling him it is better in case he needs anything in the middle of the night. Castiel doesn't argue. Neither man makes any comment about the fact
blue glow.
Oh, yeah. This is going to be fun.
eyes off each other, and Cas is relieved that he’s not the only one.
They rarely got though an entire movie though.
“You lazy, sexy bastard…” Dean’s mock annoyance is paired with a smile, and Cas can’t help but grin and then straight up laugh when Dean hoists him up over
The sub takes a breath and begins his attempt to stand without the use of his hands to push himself up, undoubtedly feeling the vibrating plug move inside
That’s why Dean just chugged two Red Bulls in the kitchen. He knows his angel’s stamina. He could be at this for a while.
and Castiel turns away before witnessing his brother start feeling up the girl in front of her father. Bobby looks like he’s about ready to shoot someone.
“Me? I’m good, Sammy. I’m really, really good.”
“Thank you Cas.” Dean parrots, smiling.
men’s boxers peaking over the top waist of his jeans. He ignores the slight sting of disappointment. It was too good to be true, of course. But this guy is
Dean yells.
reached the acoustic portion of the show where the rest of the band split from the stage and Dean Winchester would stand alone, belting out a few slow
Nothing feels different once the straps are in place around his ankles except that now he’s unable to move his legs much and they are in fact spread,
spread and one knee is bent slightly and he carefully makes himself
he does, and he can actually feel Cas’ breath on his lips and the warmth radiating off of the body in front of him. Dean has closed his eyes so he cannot
“Sure.”
for someone with their dick up an ass.
ass. You don’t have to reciprocate, but…”
“Beautiful. Fuck, Dean, I don’t want to wait for Jimmy.” Cas says as he opens the nightstand drawer and grabs something small and black.
Dean’s taking a closer look at the guy’s picture when two more messages pop up.
Or when he’d walk by Dean’s room while Dean is watching a particularly risqué video from a questionable website and Castiel would abruptly switch it over
never really crossed his mind until that first morning he woke up with Cas beside him and
“Cas.” He says the name quietly and to no one but himself as he kicks his legs over the side of the bed and stands up. When he gets to the door he quietly
No, not soul mates. That’s a pathetic comparison.
tongue back in and stroking Cas fast and rough, lubricated only by precome
, but at 2AM the morning after the graduation ceremony
Jensen: Bottom
“I was gone for three and a half years?”
he comes in his jeans with a sharp intake of breath. And he isn’t supposed
The Late Show with David Letterman
But this is too good, and Castiel is a weak man, so he sits down in his computer chair in his dark living room, undoes the button and zipper of his jeans,
something to take off, so Dean chose his tear-away jeans and the feather
wraps the loose ends of the white, unbuttoned dress shirt that Cas is still wearing around his fingers and pulls, hinting that he wants Castiel to move
Bal, and Chuck are getting ready.
It consists of a queen size bed, which he always makes before he leaves, and a nightstand with one drawer that’s always stocked with, uh,
“I don’t know. It’s just- it’s weird, you know?”
he knows are Dean’s most sensitive spots (and with a few moans from his
over at Dean.
“Of course I remember you.”
took Dean to take a deep breath, there were waves crashing and thrashing and breaking once again.
feel self-conscious or grossed out by it anymore, and when he feels Cas’ breath on his asshole he just sighs into the comforter.
He’s on his back, with his knees bent and legs spread, feeling a constant burn that isn’t altogether unpleasant. Despite Dean’s shouting and panting and
Castiel does not go unnoticed. “Baby’s looking pretty good. I think it might be the Pimp Mobile’s turn. Whatdya think?”
seeing how Dean had just got him off not more than ten
‘Well of course.’ Mary agrees.
Relationship: Established
When the music starts and the lights go down and leave only the stage lit
“Oh. That’s right, he didn’t tell you, did he?” Gabriel directs a look of pity towards Dean, then frustration, “Oh for fucks sake Castiel,” he grumbles,
The hard cock that is now slotted between his ass cheeks is
emotions at once.
Castiel removes his hand and Dean exhales quickly and inhales once before Castiel’s strong palm is on him again and
even sparkling with a few late-summer lightning bugs.
hands on him. It’s been a long while since he’s been with someone.
and angels with dark colored wings were
Dean pulls all the stops. This
“I’m sorry, I didn’t get that... could you repeat that?”
have come up with. All that green shit is now spinning at 37,000 rpm.
“If I say Red, you’ll stop and get me out of the handcuffs immediately. Yellow means we are approaching my limits, and Green means continue as you are. You
“I would have
he’s about to come… so close, oh,
adjusting to get used to living his life above ground.
gonna head in.”
series that a young clerk had recommended.
Dean looks at him through his lashes, starting to sway his hips to the
before he’s grabbed, spun and shoved against the door, nose-to-nose with the angel. Cas starts licking at Dean’s lips, trying to gain access,
“Because I heard him praying to you, Castiel. If he lost you he would have lost his faith and all of this would have been for nothing. You can’t have the
in his mouth.
but he stays silent.
“Can’t I just call to say hello?”
What he had been expecting to see was a young, petite oriental woman with large breasts servicing Dean in some way – a familiar scene from the pornography
like it was a dark and dirty blasphemy.
“Well, the scribes were meant to make it a better story. God was pretty dry, so I’m sure they took certain liberties to make the story more interesting...”
Dean feels the thick, hot fluid on his tongue immediately. Whether it’s hot from Cas’ cock or being in Dean’s ass or being held in Cas’ mouth – who knows –
but Cas couldn’t have been oblivious to the fact that his feathers now decorated their home.
and spit-slick, then shoves them deep into Cas’ hole while supporting Cas’
“And that fucking Dean Winchester guy, from the moment I heard you start talking about him, I thought,
But what the fuck? Why is the sun shining in here? Didn’t they put up curtains like, months ago?
almost frictionless, and Jensen secretly wishes that it could be like this every time.
“Right.” Cas nods, and then closes his eyes for a second before lifting his hand and presenting a small bottle of Astroglide. He smiles.
Yes, forever is unfathomable. It’s so outrageously unintelligible that it’s meaningless to him. But how he feels about Cas? That he knows for certain, and
takes over Castiel and he follows his ancient instincts, guiding Dean, and Dean follows so willingly. As Dean finds his rhythm thrusting up into
Castiel: Teacher, top
He can’t remember when he last stretched out both wings at once, indoors or out. The thought makes him stiff and jittery, feeling the natural longing to
“Okay Cas you’re getting some hands-on experience today. Put the beer down.”
“Holy shit, Cas…” Dean seems as much in awe of this as Castiel is. “I might need to rethink this. This changes everything.”
“Everybody shut up. Gabe, what’s going on? Is Cas okay?” Dean stands directly in front of Gabriel. The look in his eye letting him know that now is no time
“Jess has started cleaning your house.”
“So, how do we wanna do this?” Dean asks when he’s finally able to pull away enough to speak. Cas lips are red and Dean’s own lips sting and tingle.
his ass and drops it on the floor before typing out a response.
clean Dean from head to toe. He washes behind Dean’s ears and along his
Leaving Dean on the floor, Castiel stands and walks to the leather sofa against the wall and takes a seat in the center. Dean looks at him, his green eyes
gone.
This is new and different and Castiel already loves it. He walks to Dean slowly, slick steadily leaking from his hole telling him he’s ready. Dean doesn’t
“I told you he’d pick me.” Cas says to Jimmy, who has taken a seat on the chair next to the couch.
feeling my breath on it.
“Absolutely not.”
“I mean, um, it’s just that there’s another
put together with songs dedicated to the newlyweds.
Cas kisses him gently one last time before putting his headset back on and adjusting it over his ear. “You look gorgeous, as always,
A little water from your well
is, willing his hands steady…
Dean hangs up and finally feels like everything might be okay.
Dean deserves to know; after all, he’s been nothing short of perfect. Castiel wants to tell him, just to get it out there. Maybe Dean will have some
“Did you just
Be a strength to the weak
Dean stands up and stretches, cracking his knees, then reaches for Cas and helps him up. When Cas is standing he rolls his shoulders and cracks his neck
I see an old man wandering the halls alone
this the wrong way, but why do you want me to make a pie? You seem like the
“Not since Seattle.” He shoves a painfully large bite into his mouth.
How had he gotten by for so long without ever having someone look at him the way Dean did?
At some point Dean is able to pull away, taking his first breath of stale hotel air in what seems like hours. Looking at Castiel, he notices his lips
It doesn’t take long before Dean is just a big pile of goo on the bed, squirming on Cas’ tongue and whining when he’s teased by Cas licking his taint or
If Castiel didn’t know any better, he might think that Dean Winchester was
is the
May we work together with vigor
and beautifully maintained. They are narrow and stay below her shoulders, set lower on her shoulders than her brothers’. The tips of her flight feathers
“I know you are, beautiful boy.” Castiel continues to pet Dean’s hair and cheeks, looking down at him in wonder because he’s so lovely when he’s broken.
lifeline.
to do
(Beta read by
angel – and watched Dean enjoy the peace.
Dean shuffles slightly in his seat. The walls have come down, but Dean still isn’t quite as relaxed as he was. There’s something else there; something that
like he’s going to pull something.
more equipment to the side of the stage.
“Fuck, Jen, I’m so close.”
He’s stopped mid-reach. “Dean, wait.” Cas sounds like he’s going to try to talk Dean out of murdering his brother, but instead he hands him his angel blade
Or how he always smelled like Dean’s shampoo even though he was fairly sure the angel didn’t shower.
Misha finds a rhythm, pulling out until the head catches on Jensen’s rim, and then sliding back in, aiming for that spot that gets Jensen to make those
“Hey man, if you’re calling because you can’t find your Playstation its Jess’ fault. She smuggled it into her gigantic purse while we were cleaning. I had no
“You didn’t think you were the only one doing kinky research on the internet did ya?”
Oh, sweet mother of all that his holy
the nest Dean was trying to build, but he also hadn’t willingly offered a feather
before finally licking a wide swath over inches of sensitive skin. The
“I saw the brush and oil in the closet. You’re really terrible at hiding things…”
They were headed for the border—walking and then running
… Lots of sex was had against filthy surfaces in that shed.
They do this over and over, Castiel tossing and rolling the magnets around the room, and Dean chasing after them, scooting or crawling to them, his
His grip tightens around them as Dean starts to thrust against Cas and into the tight tunnel his fist has made. Everything is already hot and slick, and
“Is this one of those situations I’ve read about where we should have a safe word?”
Because you know who looks sexy with sandy feet and sun in his hair?
Listening to Cas talk about safe words did help ease Dean’s worry a little, but it also sent a large portion of the blood in Dean’s body straight to his
on the Dean Winchester wiki page, reading, re-reading, clicking links and enlarging the few photographs on the page.
“He’s not actually fighting. He’s what they call The Magpie.”
Going to Hell, Again
I believe you owe me something.
he might be in love
Dean comes in his g-string. Small spurts of fluid seep through the fabric
“He sat outside in his car for about twenty minutes before he came to the door,” she whispers.
room as soon as he walks in with some flamboyant display of his feathers. Castiel hated those guys and girls. And yes, girls do it too.
have been awkward when Dean walked naked to the bathroom to grab a towel, then came back and
“Alright boys, today’s class is going to be a little different than usual.
cock, but also in the way he continues thrusting into Dean’s mouth.
But Cas is wearing dark blue jeans and a tight black t-shirt under his
“I can’t tell you how many times I’ve thought about this,” Cas whispers into Dean’s ear as he snaps his hips up and forward. “How many times I’ve looked at
This Chapter:
“Well, yeah. A little.” Dean’s not normally a shy guy, but this is so new, and it’s
Up until this point he’s only had the one sock-monkey picture of Cas to go on, but here he is in front of some big fountain, sort of scruffy and wearing an
Dean is kissing him, pulling him closer, gripping the fabric of the trench coat in his fists like he’ll never let go.
cheeks go pink.
She also seemed to know how to be a human. She didn’t spend any time worrying about fitting in, she just
Someone who I could bring home and you’d take one look at them and say
windows in the summer. But right now it looked, for all intents and purposes, like it was haunted.
Dean’s final feather is built into the nest the night before Dean is set to leave on his latest tour. They had gone over to Sam and Jess’ for dinner, and
