“I want to help,” he hears Steve say softly, moving closer. “I just don’t want to
“It’s easy,” Tony says, “except for how the Hulk is a big ol’ grumpy gus with sensitive ears. I should probably just quit being clever and bribe him.”
Outside, over the sound of the rain still going strong, there’s a metallic thump, followed by a whirring noise.
“Nope. Not a peep. I guess now the world’s saved, they’re too busy making paper hats. Playing patacake. Searching for Fury’s missing eye.” Tony pauses. “You?”
“Pretty easily. Sorry.”
He looks around at them all. Barton shrugs.
“Hm?”
“Save the Steve for special occasions,” Tony says. “Got it.”
“Don’t say unladylike,” Tony calls from the bar.
“I’m sorry. He only stalks the people he likes, I swear. It’s affectionate really. He kept turning up in my department for weeks before I accepted his job offer. Oh god, that sounds awful, doesn’t it? It wasn’t as awful as it sounds.”
“Tony Stark refuses to die,” he says, with a smirk. “I’m like a cockroach. I – One time, couple years ago, I thought I really
“Sure,” Tony says vaguely as he wanders up and down the corridor. “He stops by sometimes, when he gets bored of the tropics. It’s hard to book hotel rooms when you might sometimes turn big and green and smash things. Here,” he adds, pointing at a door. “You can probably see your neighbourhood from this one. I’d say you could spot your apartment from up here, but it’s got to be revoltingly small, right?”
“I... I’m
Steve fishes his communicator out of his pocket and makes a vague attempt to dig out the ear piece without dropping anything. It still feels so strange, having something in your ear like that. He gives up and answers it like a telephone, standing in the middle of the cereal aisle.
“Hello?”
“Is it really so set in stone?” Steve says, but then he shakes his head again, slowly, as if clearing his thoughts, and he says, “Forty-three, I guess. You told me then you’d just seen me at six.”
Shoulder blades itching, he closes his eyes.
Tony’s fingers slip and the button pops back out of its hole. He tuts, catching hold of the button and twisting it back and forth between his finger and thumb in silence for a little while.
Pepper breathes out slowly, and then she laughs. She squeezes his fingers.
“Seriously, if you don’t wanna play in the time travel experiments game, we
“-but he thinks it’s funny to give them personalities. Not even good personalities. Look at that little one.”
“We both know it has to be me.”
“The time is 9:17 am,” JARVIS is saying. “Temperature 61.16°F, 16.2°C. Humidity 44%, wind speed eleven miles per hour and blowing south westerly. Excellent conditions for the armour. Would you care for a summary of the current headlines?”
“…Hi?” says the same tinny little voice from other night, recognisable now as Peter Parker. Steve grins. “Is that… T?”
“Pepper eats muesli so now I... eat muesli. Uh, it’s not bad, if you like chewing. You seem like a guy who appreciates a good, healthy chew, right? Am I right? But before Pep, I always told the personal shopper to get whatever looked the most like actual candy.”
“Am I really awake?” he asks without opening his eyes.
there? But it – was a choice, trust me, and I’m glad of that, too.”
, which is never a – very good idea. I didn’t find them, anyway, but what I did find were a lot of rumours about something like a HYDRA base in the Atacama desert.”
“There was no base by the time I got there,” he says. “But there obviously had been
an alien world, don’t you?”
“Missed us that much?”
He surfaces in the middle of a battle, Billy shooting messy bolts of electricity at the dozen riot gear-clad opponents while Teddy is shifting over and over – from hulk-like creature, to ogre, to Skrull – as he throws punches. They’re untrained. The soldiers swagger cockily with their tranquiliser guns. Steve winces as he watches Billy throw his hand out an advancing soldier, only for the surge of electricity to sputter from his fingertips and die out.
a - a patron of that noble tradition.”
“No,” Steve answers, anyway. “Not – not Tony.”
“Is this your way of asking me to come back to bed?”
“Hey, work takes priority.”
fan,” Steve says, glancing sideways at Tony. Tony isn’t looking at him.
“Welcome to the World Exposition of the Future,” Steve says. He looks around himself and wonders for the first time – “I guess some of this stuff must seem pretty commonplace to you?”
and then he wakes up.
“Deal.” Steve nods, holding out his free hand. It takes a moment, Tony just staring down at it, but then he’s grinning and he’s reaching out. They shake on it.
There is Sharon’s face, looming over him wherever he turns, sayings things he can’t hear. There is Sharon’s face. There is Sharon’s face.
“Smart woman.”
Steve sighs, climbing to his fest. He pulls the straw and umbrella out and downs the remainder of his drink in three gulps that he barely tastes, and then holds the glass out until Tony, startled, takes it.
. Which means,” Tony declares, easing himself out of Steve’s grip and clapping his hands together, all sarcastic cheer again, “we need to find somewhere safe to hide until they’re done ripping apart my basement.”
“Yeah, that. I’d accepted it. Three minutes is a helluva long time to come to terms with your own impending doom when you’re giving a nuclear missile a piggyback.  Never accepted it before. Always told myself I’d never go down without a fight. That’s what
“What, you mean other than
“Magic in my heart?” he says. “I like it. You should write my next press release. I mean it. If you ever get bored of the heir to an alien throne gig, we’ll put you in a suit and make you head of PR. Stocks would go through the roof.”
Yinsen, twisting wires together, shrugs and does not look up. His hands are quick and steady as he works. “I can honestly say I have no idea how it works. How can time travel work? How can you possibly exist?”
“Look at it go,” Tony says.
Tony grins, hopping up out of his desk chair. He crosses the room swiftly, leaning over the couch as he goes to tug Barton’s magazine up out of his hands. Barton snatches it back barely a split second later, fast enough that Tony gets a papercut, but he’s still grinning when he licks the drop of blood from his thumb and pushes through the balcony door.
Tony’s gaze swings across to him and he blinks, frowns, coming back to himself. “Oh, yeah, uh. Minibreak. She’s decided I’m old enough to be left home alone so long as I promise not to answer the door to strangers.”
“You’re really suggesting we put our surveillance system in the hands of the other guy’s competence with a frisbee?”
“I felt,” he says, “as if we were stood in the middle of a great and terrible storm.”
He hits enter. With a beep, the elevator begins to descend.
“Oh,” says Ms Potts from overhead, emerging at the top of the stairs with her arms full of towels. “
“So is this a demotion or a
“I didn’t
“Hey. You - doing okay?” Tony says.
He taps his finger against the arc reactor under Tony’s shirt, gently enough this time that Tony doesn’t stumble. Tony takes a step back anyway, frowning up at Thor. He puts a hand over his chest.
COMING SOON: A SEQUEL.
“Tell Fury it’s important.”
“There are no slumber parties.”
“Can I... go up?”
“Since when have you
“Why am I not surprised? You really were the life and soul of the pre-war party, huh?”
“There must be something. Someone.”
“Indeed. I believe many small businesses have taken it as a chance to refurbish.”
“Oh, Captain!” She brightens visibly, tapping buttons. “Mr Stark’s elevator is on the far left. It goes right up to the penthouse.”
on the bed.
Before the rush, before that great rush of energy bursts upwards, crackling like a storm. The suit is buzzing with electrical discharge and Tony’s hair stands on end. He can hear it coming.
Tony draws in a deep breath. He holds up a hand and, “Let’s see. New armour, obviously,” he says, ticking it off on his fingers. “Got an electric car in development. Water filtration device, that’s our Wakanda contract, very hush-hush. Working on an airborne surveillance system. Upgrading JARVIS for his birthday.”
“Well, we’ve got a couple hours to kill before Thor and Bruce get here,” Tony says as he chews. “Who’s up for a game of twister? Poker?
“My point,” he y says, “is that right now the Avengers are riding the public opinion high. We, lady and gentlemen, are
“I guess I’ll see you earlier, then. Keep an eye on Steve,” he adds. “I’ve gotta go now.”
“Oh, nothing. I’m just thinking of headlines. You know, for when those pictures of you stripping hit the gossip sites.”
“Get to the point, Stark,” Fury says.
“I blame myself, I’ve given you a complex.”
“Stop being so goddamn flippant!” Steve shouts.
“And do what with it? Rub it on his motherboard?”
“DNA recognised,” says the voice, pleasantly. “Password override zero-zero-four. Welcome back, Captain Rogers.”
bedtime story was that one special time he flew out over enemy territory and watched you jump outta his plane. Sure, maybe Captain America’s the bravest fucking hero this country will ever know, but believe me when I
He reappears an inch above the cot, in a cave in Afghanistan. He crashes down onto it, naked and wheezing and clawing at the thing in his chest, catching his fingers under the rim and pulling and –
“Who am I? Who are
. Hard to miss, right? So now the million dollar question is do they wanna use me as transport or a weapon?”
“Yes, Tony,” she says softly, “but you’re not focussed on
a missile, and he’s still more reliable than you.” Fury fixes Tony with a stare, then adds, gentler, “Look, you did good. I’m not denying the good you did. But suppose next time, you go temporal walkabout and that missile drops on my city. If you can’t control it, you sure as hell can’t guarantee it won’t happen.”
Something about the sight of it makes the hair on the back of Steve’s neck prickle uncomfortably. It is, at first glance, so thoroughly ordinary – practically a toy gun or a cartoon prop, its appearance is so basic, like an overgrown handgun in a child’s drawing – but it unsettles Steve. And not just because of the HYDRA logo scratched into the side. The whole thing sits wrongly, somehow, lines curved strangely, edges blurred, as if they’re looking at it through water that’s very clear but very deep. It makes his eyes itch.
“Ms,” she says firmly, with a smile.
Tony grins toothily and drains his glass, the precipice if not forgotten then at least untouched. Left alone, for now. There are some things best avoided on what is essentially the second, maybe third time they’ve met. Steve allows himself a sigh of relief, drifting over to the nearest wall of windows. From up here, the city’s almost the same.
He disappears again, leaving the dust to settle.
“This isn’t worry! This? This isn’t me being worried for you. This is me wondering what the hell were you
“Tony—”
The Hulk grunts and knuckles across the floor, flicking Clint out of the way – Clint yelps and almost falls over – and he picks the communicator up between finger and thumb. It looks tiny in his hand.
“But surely he who has dedicated his life to the Midgardian sorceries would wish to-?”
Tony can see that daddy is shaking.
Tony is thirty-nine. His hands are covered in scars. Beneath the scars, he’s learning, they’re covered in blood.
“I’ll get right on that,” Tony says, leaning forwards into his microphone. Their audience laughs and Tony twists in his seat just enough that he can catch Steve’s eye; but Steve isn’t looking at him. Instead, he’s frowning past Tony at Thor, who is sitting up very straight in his seat.
“Wait,” Steve says. “There’s something out there that you think actually stopped you travelling? Why aren’t you using it already?”
Tony shrugs, not looking up from his computer.
He ends up sitting at Tony’s work station, squinting in the harsh light of a surgical lamp. Tony is somewhere behind it, but the light is too bright to make him out – he’s just a darker shape moving in the darkness, pacing back and forth as his voice drifts out of the air.
“I suggest you publically establish the team,” she says. “Before anyone can try to stake a claim in you.”
Tony nods, salutes. Standing where he is, he watches Steve circle around the table and the couch and head towards the elevator. Tony runs his hand across the back of the couch. They’ll need a bigger one. No, two. And a press conference, a publicist, a consultation with legal. He needs to call Rhodey. He needs –
“I mean, the Tesseract was an actual
“My boots,” Steve says. At Tony’s perplexed look, he motions down at his biking gear, dusty and greasy, and adds, “Your floor.”
He closes his eyes and clenches his teeth and lets the universe crash over his head like a tidal wave. When he opens his eyes again, the stars are blurring past him. Tiny galaxies whistle past his ears faster than he can count them. Great clouds of nebulae tangle, briefly, in his hair. There is a brighter pinprick of light far ahead of him and Tony wills it to move faster.
“Uh-huh. You do realise vigilantism is technically illegal, right?”
“I saw that ending coming a mile off,” Tony mutters. His mouth slides into a crooked shit-eating kind of smile, but his voice is too flat, too strained, as if his vocal chords haven’t yet caught up with the brain’s command to make a joke. His eyes are grim, his face grey with exhaustion; the smile falls away before it’s even really begun.
Tony stares up at him, then sighs and throws his hands up. “Jesus, all right. What, did they give you the super soldier serum just to stop you badgering them? Arm,” he adds pointedly.
“Captain Rogers?” says the doorman.
Steve lowers his hand.
“Deep, was it?”
“It’s still missing a couple letters, I see.”
Tony shrugs. He turns back to his work, to frown up at the holographic circuitry of his surveillance prototype. “Not yet. Running a few programs. Turns out it’s kinda difficult, matching up a low res snapshot of a few stars in the middle of a shaky, glowy portal with – what, the other end of the universe? A parallel universe? Have we decided what we’re calling it yet?”
“Nothing concrete. There are a few agents following me most days, but I pretend I don’t notice them now. They got a bit upset,” he adds with a rueful smile, “when I offered to buy them coffee.”
“That’s a bad word,” Steve hisses.
He walks away quickly, but Steve follows. He can keep up.
Steve almost jumps, but suppresses it. He crosses his arm. “Take me to the basement, please, Mr Jarvis.”
Chairs scrape, shoes scuff the floor. Leaning back against the doorframe, Tony crosses his arms and watches everyone file out. Thor pats him on the shoulder as he passes by, making Tony’s knees buckle. Bruce neatly steps over the leg Tony sticks out to trip him, with a smile and a little bow.
All ten of Howard’s fingers close on empty air.
“Great. Good job. Everyone pat yourselves on the back from me. Flip flops, sweatpants.” Tony points at each of the donors. “Stark Tower. Big, beautiful, right over there. My personal tip? Sell them on Ebay. I mean it, we’ll sign them, I’ll whip up some kind of certificate of authentication, bam, you’ve got yourself a fresh slice of American history.”
“Ginny?” someone calls. “Virginia?”
Steve grabs a handful, throwing a few into his mouth at once, and savouring the salty, oily taste. His mom had always hated popcorn, had always complained that it was tasteless and barely filled you up, but most years it was the only snack they could afford, and she tried to treat him to nice things – she had always tried.
“Fine, you traitor. Come on, let’s get this over with.”
“Your Reed Richards or my Reed Richards?” Tony asks. He’s fiddling with a tiny pair of pliers and an even tinier circuit board. “Hang on – put your finger here.”
don’t think any of Tony’s clothes are going to fit you-”
He eats the pointy end of his cone in three quick bites, ice cream dripping onto his gauntlets, and then he grabs the hem of Steve’s sweatshirt and wipes his fingers clean on it.
A magnet, he thinks to himself as he works. A magnet, a magnet.
“It’s giving off some kind of energy, I think. Your recon robot picked up on it.”
“- I don’t know what happens,” Howard says, “but I know Maria and I don’t have much time left-”
“So, Captain America bares all,” he says.
yours into battle, right?”
And then there is Tony, the real world’s Tony –
The words are barely out of his mouth before Tony shoves the rest of the doughnut into
The great unknown is, it turns out one elevator ride later, the Avengers’ Mansion basements. Steve gapes as Tony swings the metal wall panel back into place, hiding the elevator from view.
With his other hand, he rubs the rim of the arc reactor.
“Sure.”
“I’m going to take this report back to Steve now,” he says. “I don’t think there’s much more I can do until we’ve got a clearer idea what’s going on.”
The computer pauses, then says, “I am everywhere Mr Stark programs me to be, at all times. However, let me assure you that, as an electrical appliance, I lack all emotive capacity. It may help you to think of me as a particularly helpful lamp.”
“Peachy. Dandy. Singed.”
She drops her expression of blank innocence just long enough to smirk across at him over Thor’s bowed head.
watching Pepper, a little girl, running down to the shore of the lake, where the water is still rippling from the almighty splash. The first armour shines in the sunlight even as it sinks beneath the water and disappears, Pepper running as far as hers legs can carry her.
“Neutral ground,” Romanoff says. “We don’t want people to think we’re working for Stark Industries.”
“What about Reed?”
“Give me time. Time and a giant space snake.”
“Only the fella who did this. Agent Hill tackled him.”
“Ninety years from now, you’ll laugh too, I promise.”
“Not everyone drinks solely to get drunk, Tony,” Ms Potts says. “Some people even enjoy the taste.”
His stomach dips.
Steve sighs. “Are you so stubborn in every universe?”
Tucking his cell in against his shoulder, Tony peers around himself. It is late afternoon, with a muggy, golden glow to the air, the sun just on the cusp of setting. The room is silent and empty except for Barton, who’s sprawled on one of the new couches. He’s reading a copy of Guns and Ammo with his combat boots propped on the coffee table. Tony snaps his fingers repeatedly until Barton licks a finger, folds down the corner of the page and looks up at him with a raised eyebrow.
“Hi,” Tony says from behind him.
“What,” she says, in her flattest monotone, “you mean other than my sexual partners?”
“You crazy kids have fun. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
“That’s fine,” Steve says, closer still.
“I heard you. I am
“Good. Nothing worse than an ugly deli.”
,” Tony breathes. “It needs to fly. Our own personal flying monkeys.”
“Neither,” Hill says. “I put myself forwards for the position.”
“You sure did, buddy.” Tony pats him on the arm, turning back to the computer in his desk – Steve recognises the diagram that was just floating in the air, now turning slowly on the screen. Just like magic, he thinks again.
“And then?” he asks.
Tony, lips curling up at the corners, lowers his head again. “You know I’ve essentially got a teeny, tiny nuclear reactor in my chest, right? Just saying. Pretty dangerous. Anyway, I damage this tower on such a regular basis I put the builders on speed dial.”
, anyway. Might have just been an alien space station. I don’t know. I didn’t exactly get a great look at it before I – you know, blew it all to hell.”
“It was raining.”
“It’s cold,” he says, chewing.
Downstairs, the housewarming party is still in full swing, but Tony checked out of the celebrations hours ago; the people in his life are old and boring, whereas his house is new and beautiful. He fine-tuned JARVIS’ installation for an hour or two, and then he fine-tuned the liquor cabinet, and then he appeared on the bedroom floor.
He doesn’t look back to check the next set of doors will open in time for him – and they do, of course, open in time for him. Tony walks backwards into darkness, his eyes on Steve all the while.
Tony hums thoughtfully into his ear. “That doesn’t surprise me either,” and then there’s the sound of something exploding in the background and Tony breathes, “Oh, now
Because if you’re right... if HYDRA have the technology to open portals we’re in for a whole heap of trouble.”
“What would I do with two?”
“Do you think he wears that cape everywhere,” Tony says, “or just to the
“You know that’s okay now, right?” he says, folding the top corners in towards the centre. “Because Captain America’s kind of a gay icon these days – tight pants, bright colours, all those muscles; it had to happen – so if you need to have an old timey freak-out, do it quick.”
He can’t see Tony’s face, but he thinks he sees him nod. The shadow of Tony straightens, pushes away from the doorframe and for a second when he turns his head, Steve sees his profile in perfect silhouette.
“It always falls into the wrong goddamn hands.”
“JARVIS, where’s Romanoff? She might get confused and break your neck with her thighs if we put you in her room, and what a scandal
“Please. Argument over, okay? Truce? But if HYDRA have something big planned that needs stopping, I need to know whether I’m doing it with SHIELD or with you.”
But there’s a doorman jogging down the steps to meet him, talking into an earpiece that probably cost more than the bike Steve’s sitting on.
help the people who’re fighting it all, so long as you stay out of harm’s way?”
“Folks, just sit tight and stay calm,” he says. “We’re going to see what’s happening, but we’ll get you out of here as soon as we can.”
It takes a couple days for Hill to get in touch with them again.
“So I lose two years and you think we need introducing?” He snorts, lets himself sink back down onto his bed. Maybe Stark froze him again. Hell, maybe they held Steve’s trial without him and he’s in Stark’s latest prison. “I’d ask if you were out of your mind, but…”
easy to please. Look at me, I’m in a park, I’m eating ice cream, I’m pleased.”
“It’ll be fine. You’ll make it work. I believe in you.”
“Where’s she gone?”
Straightening his left cuff with his teeth, Tony lifts his eyes to watch as the connection with the arc reactor is forged and the right cufflink tentatively begins to glow.
Steve looks him up and down, then clasps him on the shoulder. “Close to win-win sounds like a real step up from the old situation. Also, the Hulk said you had to speak with me?”
“Until the next alien invasion?” Steve asks.
“How about the Chituari salvage?”
“Very,
“It looks over a back alley. There’s pigeons.” Steve shrugs. “I like pigeons.”
Tony clears his throat.
“Perfectly.”
Steve swings off his bike and follows the doorman up the steps. At ground level, the tower is a little less ostentatious: the steps are a deep, dark grey and the doors are a deeper, darker black, door handles in the shape of the Stark logo the only indication of the tower’s namesake. The doorman pulls the door open for him with a small bow.
Tony waves a hand. “It’s fine, I have a man on the military inside. And the NYPD have a collective crush on you, Cap; you can sweet talk ‘em. The rest, I’ll consult with legal. And we’ll need a publicist. Maybe we could register as a non-profit...”
“I’d rather you didn’t.”
“Hey,” Tony says. “Money.”
He whispers, maybe, “Stay.”
“Okay, okay,” Tony says, holding up his hands, and Romanoff rolls her eyes but falls silent. “No more pirate jokes, let’s cut to the chase. You know as well as I do this isn’t going to work. The Avengers are currently the most famous group of loveable misfits in the world and SHIELD? I think officially you guys don’t even
Tony grins at his own joke despite himself, sharp and bright, and Steve watches him. Steve stands and watches him, with something sharper and brighter in his eyes.
“But I could be.”
Steve sighs. “I already had. I’ve seen what those – ‘gossip sites’ are like, these days. They’ve probably found out where I live already. It’s under a false name, but I haven’t exactly been
There’s a moment of silence on both ends of the conversation, broken by Clint saying, “I like her.”
Steve gapes. “What? Me?”
“That’s it? I flew out here with government research for, what? ” He plucks the sample from Tony’s hand, pulling it taut. “Ten by forty inches?”
“Please do. In fact, let me know in advance. Send me a memo, write it in my calendar, I want to have a camera ready when it happens – Hang on, phone call. Pepper.” Tony frowns, tugging off his shades and closing the faceplate. It’s a strange sight, Iron Man’s eyes blazing blankly out at them while Steve can hear, faintly, the sound of Tony’s voice coming from inside the suit.
“Comforting,” Clint mutters.
Barton slowly drags his hand up his face to cover his eyes, his shoulders shaking.
“If we can study it properly,” Bruce says, rubbing his chin, “we might be able to work out where it’s come from.”
“Don’t
“Billy, Teddy, are you two okay?”
of the light, Steve can’t tell, the wind so strong he has to grit his teeth and grab hold of Tony’s arm – until the light has covered the entirety of the far wall and begins to creep out over the edges, growing bright and brighter, and Steve has to close his eyes again.
“Is this a weapon or is it something else?” she asks.
“How do I look?” he says. “Ravishing?”
“You’re telling me,” Tony says absently, swiping a section of casing away from the Bastard 001 schematics to peer at its holographic innards. He taps a few notes into his keyboard and taps the end of the stylus against his chin. He mutters, “Maybe we should just throw them, like frisbees.”
Rhodey blows his breath back out again. On the couch, Barton shakes his head and, leisurely turning another page of his magazine, says, “No hablo ingles.”
“I’ve got a prototype,” Tony says. “I’ll need you. Don’t wanna mess with the arc reactor until I’m sure it’s gonna work, so today buttons need pushing.”
Tony nods. Bruce squeezes his arm again and then turns to look at Steve, his eyebrows raised.
The Hulk grins. His teeth are like paving slabs. “Hungry.”
Steve hesitates, which is apparently enough of an answer for Tony; he smirks and thrusts a pair of goggles into Steve’s chest, letting go so Steve has no choice but to catch them or let them drop. He catches them.
Steve can feel the very tips of Tony’s fingers brushing against his thigh, but Tony doesn’t move his hand. And Steve doesn’t move his leg. He’s waiting for something to happen. He’s waiting for
poker? No, I’ve got it, strip twister.”
It all takes two, three seconds tops. The space between one breath and the next. As quickly as it started, the conference room goes quiet and unnaturally still, with a tang of ozone to the air. Breathing out slowly, Tony drops his hands from where they had pressed instinctively over his chest. He loosens his tie and pops a couple buttons and hooks a finger into the neck of his shirt, tugging it outwards to check.
“You aren’t meant to be here,” Steve dreams he says.
“Okay, first off, you only need to know 1927. That’s the one you told me. New York Yankees. I was nine. I was pretty mad at you afterwards.”
knowing what it is. “I just know a good thing when I see it.”
Steve looks up to see a giant green fist, bigger than his head, with the broken remains of an arrow poking out from between its fingers.
“I left my clothes behind. Not on purpose,” the man quickly adds. “I didn’t leave my clothes behind on purpose. I’m not a flasher. Uh – Steve?”
It’s been five days since their meeting with Fury, which makes it four days since Tony reclaimed and refitted the top floor R&D lab for the team - by playing, just this once, the ‘it’s my tower party and I’ll redistribute facilities if I want to’ card. The lab is still shining like it’s fresh out of the packet and Bruce’s words almost disappear into the wide space. His voice takes a moment to reach Tony’s ears, and then another moment to reach Tony’s brain.
“Oh honey, the sweet talk.” Tony finishes tying his lace and leaves it this time, the façade dropped. He reaches for Steve’s hand instead, tucking his fingers up against the palm. “But I’m not. I’m just a really clever man with some thrilling computer components. This is… It’s always watching, and it’s always listening, and it…”
Steve sits. As Tony bustles about around him, he spreads his hands over the countertop and can’t help but wonder what anyone does with a kitchen so big.
“It’s fine, Thor,” says Steve. “But we need to start training together. We have to think as a unit, so if communications ever go down again we can predict each other’s movements.”
“Tony-”
“It’s possible,” Tony says. “I don’t know if Osborne can do it yet, but it’s definitely possible. He, uh... he stole the tech from me.”
“Somewhere?”
“A week, maybe longer. We lost a lot of data in the helicarrier damage -
how comfortable and ludicrously expensive they are.”
I was sleeping, and I was having an awesome dream, and now...” She pauses, blinking, and she shakes her head and screws her eyes up tight. When she opens them again, she says in a very faint voice, “Oh my god, you’re Tony Stark. Okay, deep breaths, Darcy, deep breaths.”
“So I need to know who won all the World Series when you were a kid,” Tony says when Steve picks up the phone.
“Why?” Steve asks again.
Steve can’t really forget it.
Behind Steve, Bruce clears his throat, and Tony blinks out of his reverie.
“What’s the problem?” he asks. “It’s going to happen. It’s already happened, right? So if it’s when I go next then it’s... when I go next. Right?”
“I don’t think you can,” Steve says.
After a minute or two, Tony nods in satisfaction, stopping the tube up. He gives the cut a final wipe down, and this time Steve can’t help but hiss through his teeth.
“If you’d let me finish a sentence just once,” Steve snaps.
Steve rolls his eyes. “I
“Thursday, screwdriver, got it.” Tony picks the soldering iron back up again. “Get over here and hold this wire steady, would you?”
Steve quickly closes his eyes. Ever since it registered to him, in his teens, that Tony probably was a real person disappearing into thin air, he hasn’t been able to stand to watch it. But he can feel the air shift. He can hear, or maybe just imagines he can hear, the faintest pop when Tony goes.
“Alright, boys and girls,” Tony says, leaning forwards again to prop his elbow up on the worktop. “No need to clutch your pearls too tightly. This is – not great, yeah, but we’ve got a silver lining. Judging by this thing’s general ugliness, HYDRA have got someone else doing their dirty work – and whoever that is? They haven’t got it right either.”
“Iron Man, go at the front, keep our path clear-” He sees Tony nod as the faceplate slides back down, and Iron Man shoots up into the air. “Hawkeye, get them on their feet, get them in line. Single file. We’re going on the sidewalk, so I want you between them and the road at all times. If any of you fellas try to make a break for it,” he adds, pointing a finger at the bank robbers as Clint hustles them to their feet, “the Hulk
Tony snaps his fingers and points at Steve. “Yeah, yeah, a romantic getaway. Nothing says I love you quite like a glorious quest for science, right, Cap?”
“Um,” he says.
”  and the force of it blows arrow dust back out of Steve’s hair again in a great, angry gust.
It’s abrupt, rude even by Tony’s standards, with that strange look still on his face. Taking another sip of his drink, Steve feels his way along the edge of whatever conversational precipice he’s stumbled upon, resolves to reread Tony’s file – buried at the bottom of his bag with all the other notes on the Avengers he’s still unwilling to throw away – and takes a careful step back from the abyss.
Then he snorts, shaking his head. “Which makes sense, as you never even told me about SHIELD anyway. Close it up again, JARVIS.”
He should know what year Howard died.
“And you want me to...tell you-?”
He trails off. In the quiet, Tony can hear people shouting in the street and someone moving around in the apartment over their heads.
“I coulda been naked. That’s pretty creepy, Cap.”
“It’s okay,” Tony says again.
“I’m not sure banking works quite like that,” Tony says, with an odd little smile on his face.
“I know. I mean, I don’t know quite what you just said, but I got the gist of it.”
or in the
“No, right, sorry, ignore me.”
“Authority figures love you. You’re the anti-me. You could probably get Obama to eat a cookie out of your hand. I mean it. Clinton, too.”
Next you’ll be telling me water’s wet and I’m attractive.”
Obie reappears and, in one smooth motion, without hesitation, he slots a metal device over the arc reactor. It clamps down tight. Something jolts in Tony’s heart when Obie draws the arc reactor back out of his chest.
Steve grins at her, as best he can. His face aches. Everything aches. The last time he felt this satisfyingly exhausted was after they had stopped Loki’s army and he had almost fallen asleep in the sandwich Tony made them all try.
super secret. Only three living people know it exists and you’re one of them.” Tony watches curiously as Steve leads the way into the elevator, all too familiar. “I take it you know Stark Manor, then.”
in stone.”
. It’s twenty-ten. You haven’t been in the ice for two years. Do you understand what I’m saying here?  Two thousand ten. Two-oh-one-oh. Look, I’ll write it down for you.”
At that, Tony steps forwards, clapping his hands together – the sound is very loud with his armour on.
“That’s your problem, Cap,” Tony says, swinging the gun up and pointing it at the window. “Impulse control. Not enough bad ideas.”
“I fought in a war,” Steve says softly. “A whole lot of people died.”
“Go back a frame,” Tony says. “Okay, make it back two. Play. Pause.”
“Well, folks, Agent Hill has been assigned to liaise with us,” he says.
Steve stares at him. Tony’s eyes are shining and his face is too, too pale in the moonlight. There’s a streak of nanite fluid on his cheek, glittering strangely.
“Yeah,” he sighs, “me neither.”
“You should definitely wear your helmet,” Romanoff replies.
, Steve fills in silently as Tony trails off, picking his way through a clear path and out into the main chamber. It’s the same story the further into the cave they go; the delicate things crushed underfoot and everything too big to stamp on knocked over. Steve spots the piece of scrap metal that served as his temporary shield lodged in one of the surveillance monitors. He pulls it out, ignoring the glass that sprinkles down into his hair, and turns it over in his hands. It seems impossible that he was miming throws only yesterday.
mouth and jerks his head towards the balcony door. Steve hesitates, rubs the back of his neck and glances at Jane.
“Well, we still have boy scouts, right?”
The room smells of buttered popcorn, and musty upholstery, and warm bodies; it smells of the comfort of childhood. Steve lets his eyes close, just for a moment.
“You listen up,” he says, voice low and quick. “Whatever the hell I apparently said or didn’t say in your past, it’s still
“Smartass,” Tony says. He pauses, reaching around the other Tony to tidy up the wiring. “Does Pepper... know?”
He pulls his shirt off – he didn’t like it much anyway – and he presses it over the other’s chest. He presses his hand over the metal in his other chest.
Tony sighs. Bending down, he picks up the clump of wires nearest to his feet and sets about slowly untangling them. He watches his fingers move.
say Captain Rogers is just as reckless and goddamn stupid as the rest of us.”
“None of that, please,” Steve says.
Tony looks unrepentant, already walking away. With a sigh, Steve follows him – up the stairs and up to the third floor, into the same corridor Steve walked down before, where Tony pauses.
tea?”
“All the menace of a pissed off gorilla, all the vocab of a two-year-old.” From behind Steve, there’s a familiar whine and a thud as the Iron Man suit makes it landing, and then Tony lifts his faceplate and in his own voice adds, “Let him down now, Hulk. He’s learned his lesson. You’ve taken him to a whole new level of learning his lesson, by the look of him.”
“I’m not so sure it was an alien
“It takes time,” Steve says. “It’s taking me seventy years and counting.”
He’s cut off by the loud cursing of a cameraman at the back of the room. The guy shakes his camera and keeps on cursing, unaware of the heads turning towards him. Thor remains motionless, still frowning at the doors.
“If not doing nothing makes me an idiot,” Steve says, “then I guess I’d… rather be an idiot than not not do nothing.”
He runs his hands over ach roll of fabric, pulls a face, pulls out the ends and rubs them between his finger and thumb. Clicking his tongue, he unwinds a larger strip from one of the rolls and cuts it off, quickly, with a laser.
And would you please,” he adds, striding across the distance and tugging the video camera out of Tony’s grasp, “
Once again, this grew on me and I've had to split it in two for something resembling chapter length consistency.
“Cap.” He snaps his fingers again. “Favourite, uh... No, I’ve got it. Best thing you’ve hit with your shield. Personally,” he adds to Barton, sotto voce, “I’m rooting for killer whale.”
“Aye, take your leave freely. We are all guests in Tony’s dwelling. Except Tony, of course,” Thor adds. “And our host has spoken wisely! Jane and I shall make our quest together in the morning, as we shall surely make many quests together when she is Queen of my realm.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve blurts out. “About your beard. That was rude of me.”
“Tony,” Pepper breathes. “Did you believe in aliens?”
“See if you can take it back with you,” he says, thrusting it at Tony.
Behind the door, the conference room erupts in applause. Tony lowers his cell and the dorky smile fades from Steve’s face. He looks away from Tony and towards the rest of the team.
“I was
“If you don’t hear them turn you down, it doesn’t count,” he says.
Tony smirks. He drops his hand and steps away, ignoring the itch deep beneath his skin. When he snaps his fingers, the doors to his closet glide open and he steps inside. Bypassing the rows of shoes and ties, he snaps his fingers again so the racks of shirts begin to slowly rotate, bringing new shirts up to the front until the cycle pulls them back again.
“Look at that,” Tony murmurs. “Precision engineering. Sometimes I stun even myself.”
” Tony echoes. “That’s all? I mean, no offence, but I thought you’d put up more of a fight. I prepared a
“Bruce, how could you?”
“Can’t be done,” Tony says again. “But they’re gonna keep trying anyway. They’re go-getters.”
“Hey, Hulky’s a good catch,” Tony says. “What’s impossible?”
“Tell him on my way.”
“Geez,” Steve grits out through clenched teeth.
“Yeah. Well, I couldn’t hold onto my job.” Tony smiles wryly. “I couldn’t hold onto my company, I couldn’t hold onto my tech. I couldn’t hold onto the lives of the people who trusted me. Maybe I don’t give a damn about this... this war, or whatever the hell it is. I’m not a superhero. I’m just trying to extend our motley crew of superheroes’ stupid, heroic life expectancies.”
Tony falls silent, turning his attention back to the street below. Sound drifts through into Steve’s apartment: the susurrus of a million voices and a million vehicles in motion. Someone in the street shouts to a friend. A car comes to a halt and a car door slams.
“-But I can get you a towel.”
They thrust Tony’s head under the water and he disappears-
“Yes. And yes.”
Tony’s grin fades. His mouth twists.
And then his mouth catches up with his ears and, lowering his stylus, he turns to Bruce and says, “Wait, what’s impossible?”
Tony shrugs. He pulls his designs back out from under Rhodey’s fingers and rolls them up tight.
“And your arm?”
“Yeah, what
“Look at me, I’m practically comfort eating. Did people do that in the forties?”
“Our portal pea-shooter?” Tony pulls up the results and, scrolling quickly through them with the wave of a hand, he sucks in a breath through his teeth. “Yikes.”
He fastens the electrodes gently to his wrists. The wires lead out to the device in Steve’s hands, cradled as carefully as a baby’s head while he watches Tony with a solemn expression.
“I always do,” he says, squeezing Steve’s shoulder.
! Are you authorised to touch that?” Someone murmurs ‘no, ma’am, sorry, ma’am’ and Hill strides on, picking up the conversation again without a missed beat. “We have items scattered in various secure locations across the state. The Council and the Government both want control of the New York salvage, Fury... disagrees. This is classified.”
“Then follow us,” he says.
But he doesn’t look back.
Grabbing hold of Steve’s forearm for support, Tony hops onto one foot and then the other, tugging his socks off again. He pulls them over his hands with a smirk at Steve, saying, “Pays to be cautious. Don’t tell anyone I said that, I’ve got a reputation to maintain. I figure it’s safe with fabrics unless the superduper serum’s rubbed off on your sweatshirt somehow.”
When Steve is six years old, and in bed with the flu, he dreams a man in a funny-looking suit appears in the middle of his bedroom.
“I think the rest of you chose fight,” Steve says wryly. “Constantly.”
“D’you need a cent?”
“I’m a time traveller.”
Tony’s pencil falters. “Nah, I think I’m pretty much tuned to when you are. Where you go, I follow.”
, the gamma guy, and me, the – well,
“Stay,” Tony whispers with his own voice.
Hands on his hips, he looks around himself.
Tony feels the hairs on the back of his arms stand on end.  His ears pop. The lights flicker, once, and then,
Tony is walking down a corridor in the dark, towards the sound of voices. He turns left.
There’s a clicking noise from somewhere overhead, a speaker turning on. Echoing slightly in the marble hall, Tony’s indignant voice says, “No, I’m not. Lies. I pay you to lie to idiotic businessmen, not Captain America.”
He looks around the workshop until he catches Steve’s eye and then he starts to laugh again, clutching his sides.
The view on Thor’s screen shifts again, blurring with movement until at last the picture goes still and Thor’s face appears. He beams out at them.
Tony seems to slump beneath Steve’s gaze, or beneath Steve’s words, drawing in on himself as he cradles his arm against his torso. “Right, right. Not now, okay? My arm hurts. We’ll talk later,” he adds, rolling his eyes at Steve’s unmoving presence. “Scout’s honour. Cross heart, hope to die.”
Tony takes a step towards him and whispers around his fingers, “Daddy, I’m-”
SORRY, THIS TOOK LONGER THAN EXPECTED. On the plus side, it took longer than expected because it's twice as long as I'd expected. So much so I had to split it into two to maintain some semblance of chapter length consistency, although it's one long chapter in spirit.
Tony is walking down a corridor in the dark.
“Maybe we don’t have to communicate with SHIELD.”
“Well, surreal is the story of my life,” Tony says, fastening his watch. He flexes his fingers again, rotates his shoulders, his wrists. He feels electric. “What year was that, again?”
“Hey,” Steve says.
“You accidentally named your robots?”
“But what if it
“See? You’re coming round to the idea.”
“What is this, Come Visit Tony Stark day?” Tony says.
“Jesus – you – why’re you here?”
Steve glances at him. Tony’s head is thrown back, admiring his own glittering handiwork. His eyes are glittering too. It’s an expression Steve recognises from his own Tony Stark, back home, showing off his latest Iron Man upgrade or a new and hideously expensive modern art purchase or a perfect view. It’s an expression Steve hasn’t seen in what feels like a very, very long time.
The intercom crackles as Steve begins to laugh. Tony waits, resting his chin on his hand.
“I think I know a place,” he says.
“No, Stark, even
Steve takes hold of Tony’s wrist and presses it down against the surface of the desk. His wrist is bony, he notes. He can’t remember ever actually seeing Tony eat in the few days he’s been down here.
“You wear too many shirts” Tony says, pulling a shirt sleeve out of the bag and holding it up to Bruce’s arm to compare. He gasps theatrically. “These are the same colour. Did you buy them in a
“I think it’s about time you diversified,” Tony says, “don’t you?”
“Stay,” Tony whispers when his lips can move again.
At last, the elevator reaches the basement level and Tony steps out, Steve following him to those same heavy metal doors he passed through a week ago.
“That’s not even close to the same thing.”
“I should probably – go now,” he says. “I don’t want to take up anymore of your time. I know you’re a busy man.”
“Sir, the scan is complete,” JARVIS says.
“The Council doesn’t trust you. You may need to set up a press conference as soon as possible.”
He pauses. There’s a moment of silence that isn’t really so silent – he can hear the wind and the rain; he can hear Tony’s robot moving ash around; he can hear Tony. Breathing, then clearing his throat.
“I saw that, mister,” Tony says, bypassing the couch and making a beeline straight for the collection of desks and computers in the corner. He grabs a cardboard box from one of the desks before moving on to the bar.
Steve stares up at the man until he snorts and shakes his head, saying, “Fine, not proof enough. I can’t tell you what’s gonna happen in the future, that’s cheating. Hey, what year is it? I could tell you who wins the World Series.”
“You’re a dark horse, Romanoff,” he says.
“Good guess.”
“Very good, sir.”
“Oh. Well, I–”
“There’s a traffic jam the size of Texas down there and – oh, would you look at that? I spy with my little eye something beginning with ‘H’.”
“She likes it. I like it.” Tony slurps Steve’s drink, pulls a face, staring at Steve with wide, innocent eyes. “It’s a win-win situation. Good god, this
“Yes,” Steve says. “Good idea.”
The soldier laughs at that, his face twisted cruelly beneath his black mask.
“It’s been a long day, and I’ve had – a
“We’ll remain agents of SHIELD,” she adds, “and we will work for them when they need us.”
Huffing out a breath of laughter, Tony rubs the back of his neck, his fingers still twisted in the cord.
“I remember that too,” Steve says. “Look, can it, would you? For now. We can’t just the two of us decide to break away from SHIELD, anyway. We’d need to talk it through with the team.”
She lifts her chin. “I think so.”
Then he pulls away and claps his hands together, his grin brittle.  “Now how about a nice stroll through the city, Dave?”
Steve takes the proffered metal, hefts in his hands. “It’s close.” So close that he can feel his body responding to it, his blood pressure rising and his muscles unwinding in preparation for battle.
The receptionist rolls her eyes and mouths, “Good luck,” as she turns back to her work.
“-confusing,” Tony says as his feet hit the ground.
“Drunk idiot.”
, it’s stronger.” Steve reaches over Tony and gives the crumpled edge of the dent a tug but even he can’t budge it. “Even Loki couldn’t have done this.”
“Pause. Rewind three seconds, play at 50% speed.”
“It travels?”
“Uh. Yes?”
“I’ve taken a professional interest in the Avengers Initiative since its inception.”
Tony smacks his hand away. “Get off the conference table, Barton.”
“This place is Hulk proof – you know, the Hulk? That one guy who’s stronger than our buddy the alien Viking god? I have
“What can I do?”
“Andrea Clark.”
“Darn.” Steve sighs. “Bruce?”
“Steve, you ready?” he asks.
“Yes, you! Jesus Christ, Steve.” Tony rounds on him, his arms flung wide. “Running off to play hero to an audience of Mr. O’s finest and his all-seeing neighbourhood watch is stupid enough, but doing all that when you know people want to
He holds the bag out to her, shaking it so the chips rustle enticingly. Hill’s frown deepens. She sits down on the nearest vacant stool and, moving empty coffee cups out of the way, spreads her folders out in front of her. She folds her hands neatly on the tabletop. Ignoring Tony, she turns to Barton and Romanoff with a nod.
“Yeah? Well, that’s something to look forward to.”
Ms Potts – Pepper looks up at him thoughtfully, her head on one side, and then she smiles. A proper smile. It makes her look a lot less tired.
“Yeah.” Steve glares up at him. “What do you want, mister?”
“You kissed me,” Tony says.
Thor nods, his expression losing some of its gravity again as he sits up straight. “Aye. I must say farewell to Jane first-”
Tony backs up under Steve’s glare, backs up until he’s against the edge of his desk and can go no further, and then he raises his hands in placation and says, “Wait, wait, wait.”
Daddy looks around. When he sees Tony, his face goes pale and his eyes go wide and he swears louder than Tony has ever heard him swear before. He lets go of the boy’s arms and reaches out for Tony.
He follows JARVIS’ directions and then, once he’s reached the top of the corridor, just follows the noises: the sound of small explosions; the sound of booming laughter that Steve’s pretty sure he recognises. He’s not surprised, when he pushes open the kitchen door, to find Thor bent over something Tony is showing him, laughing raucously over a noise like the rattle of gunfire.
“Because up till now, Thor’s folks were the only people we knew with the technology to travel between worlds.”
“Right, they’re gonna focus on Thor, because he’s an alien in a funny hat, and me because I’m me, and Cap because he’s...
“Thank you.”
“And people doubted me when I put our conference room in the kitchen.”
Ms Potts makes a face that Steve can clearly read, for all he only met her a few hours ago; it spells out, in her raised eyebrows and pursed lips, that whoever picks this mess up it certainly won’t be her. Tony chooses to ignore it.
“Oh my god, stop – too goddamn early for this – shut
Tony pats the gas tank and steps back, throwing Steve a messy salute while he starts the engine. The bike growls, purrs, rumbles into life like a mountain lion. Steve nods at him before he drives away.
He swears for a second he can taste salt on the air.
“Agent.” Steve nods back. “Good to see you again. How are you? And Natasha? She’d injured her arm last time I saw her.”
“I don’t want to take it up with Fury,” Tony blurts out. “Christ, are you kidding? Can you imagine me and him having a heart to heart? Someone would lose an eye and, you know, there’s already one too few between us.”
“I - will show you,” Tony says. “In – just – a...”
“I thought there would be more robots in the future,” he says.
The Hulk roars again, the strength of it making Steve flinch despite himself, but Tony just laughs and shakes his head, turning his attention back to the hologram.
“Sir,” Romanoff begins.
“When I got back, everyone was kinda freaking out.”
“Broody. Nice, that’ll do.”
“Not really. I – hang on.”
“Yes,” Natasha says.
“No.”
- P.’
Steve squints, but all he can is movement and light. “The Hulk?”
“That’s all highly classified,” Hill says. “Even I don’t have clearance to all the New York salvage right now.”
The black tide moves past him while Tony remains still, suspended. There’s a speck of light in the far, far distance, but when he wills it to come closer – jaw clenched and eyes watering with the effort – it obeys him, and a wind picks up around him. Nothingness whistles past his ears. Tony reaches out with fingers he can’t see or feel and pulls the speck of light towards him. It grows bigger and bigger; no longer a speck at all, but something vast and distant and moving at an incredible speed. The wind howls.
They don’t have time.
for. Do you remember your Malibu house-warming? You might not, you were pretty drunk that night – but then again, I suppose your little gate-crashing was only a few months ago for
“You,” Tony says, not looking at Steve. “You’re Bucky, right?”
He lets outs a frustrated breath, scrubbing his hands through his hair. “Let me – let me try this again. Take two.”
He catches it before it hits the ground, and turns it over. The spaceship car is only half-coloured, the hood as shiny and solid as if it were really metal, but the colour beyond that quickly fades away; all the free space around it has been filled with strings of numbers and letter. It’s like math, but no math Steve has ever seen.
“I keep telling you, it’s not
“A little over forty years. Started as a new recruit when your old man was still in charge, but he stepped down a couple years later. His wife was pregnant. Things have changed a lot since then.”
“I – haven’t made them,” the man says. “Yet. Not yet. But obviously now I will. You dumbass – not
“Bifrost,” Romanoff replies.
“Mm. Cap?”
Clint pulls himself up onto the handrail again and sits there, looking pleased with himself. “If every day of my vacation’s like this, it might just be bearable.”
“Stark, Banner practically
“It’s... Where’s that
“You’re gonna be alright,” Tony says. “You just have to trust me on this one. You have the choice. It’ll be weird and it’ll hurt, but in the end, you’re going to be alright.”
Steve chokes and starts to cough, dropping his ice cream. He presses his fingers over his mouth and stares until Tony glances up at him.
“Again!” roars the Hulk.
He drifts off again. Natasha looks at him with such incredible, open fondness Steve has to look away. It feels too intimate to watch.
,” Tony says, gesturing between them. “Are you hearing this? This, the words coming out of your mouth? Remember when you told me you were in the wrong place at the wrong time – and now this? What are you waiting for, the okayish place at the so-so time?”
“Fun.”
Tony waits, watching Steve fiddle with his ugly leather jacket and straighten the collar of his ugly plaid shirt. He taps the dial of his watch when Steve looks up at him.
Thor holds up a hand. “Nay, peace, I did not feel my brother’s presence. I felt...”
Tony grins wide enough that there’s a flash of bright, white teeth and then he waves a hand and disappears through the door. It stays swinging open on its hinges for a long while after, until Steve crosses the room and pushes it shut. He stands a moment, staring down at himself, before grabbing a fistful of towel and tugging until the safety pin comes free with a ping, the metal bent all out of shape.
“I remember them building this,” he says. “The construction workers were like superheroes to me and Bucky. One of them gave me a dollar once.”
“Maybe.” Tony tilts his head slightly, turned so that Steve can see the corner of his eye and of his smile.  “Maybe I should.”
“I’m confused. Did I accidentally say ‘dear Mr Fury, please tell me your life story’, or-”
“You know our names?” Billy squeaks. “But you’re Cap—” He cuts off with a gasp and then Teddy is shouting, “Look out!” and Steve spins around in time to see the disarmed soldier staggering to his feet, arm stretched out—
“JARVIS, remind me to invent a teleporter, already. It’s time. I think the world’s ready,” Tony says with a groan. He drops his forehead into his hands and shakes his head. “Bruce, just try to make it across the border and back into the US. I’ll send a jet to meet you. It’ll still take time but it might, if we’re lucky, be a less annoying time.”
The red light flashes at him, and flashes at him, and flashes at him.
“Don’t call him mister,” Tony says. “You’ll give him ideas.”
“No, I am
With a whirr, the set of metal shutters next to his desk open up a couple feet, light spilling out through the gap to illuminate the room in white and blue. The row of armour gleams along the opposite wall. Tony turns to face the chamber, squinting into the light until he can see the arc reactor hum through the protective wall of reinforced steel and glass. His own chest throbs in sympathy.
“You were sceptical since its inception,” Romanoff says.
Fury keeps on staring at him for a moment, until Tony has to surreptitiously check he’s not still holding onto Fury’s coat. When he smiles, Tony takes a quick step back, but,
Still looking away, Tony says, “Me, of course.”
Just as suddenly as the wind began, it starts to blow in the opposite direction, back towards the wall of light and energy which is shrinking in on itself. Tony shouts something Steve can’t hear, yanking the gun down so the stream of light breaks off at last, the tail end of it whipping away from the gun barrel as it’s pulled towards the wall. Tony shakes Steve’s hand off his arm and starts to run towards the light, already half the size it was, spiralling inwards like a whirlpool.
“Business,” Steve says slowly. “But I guess everyone was kinda hungry once we’d all gotten here.”
“You’re welcome,” she says.
“Now you, on the other hand, Tony,” he says, “
“So are you in?” he asks after a moment’s silence.
Steve huffs out a breath of laughter. Billy Kaplan. And the other kid must be Teddy, holding himself in that slightly self-conscious way, for all his face is too shadowed, too indistinct to make out. There is no way the Young Avengers could exist in a world that doesn’t even have the Avengers, but somehow the two of them found each other anyway.
“I’ve got some sweatpants,” says a woman. She pulls a face and shrugs, as people turn to look at her incredulously. “I mean, I don’t know if they’ll fit great, but we’re not getting him ready for the catwalk, here, right? Just getting him less... naked.”
“Yeah, hi, I’ve changed my mind, tell me everything.”
“Fine. You’re tracking us,” Steve says again.
“You’re gonna have to hurry up if you want Black Widow to kiss it better, then.”
“No, I... Well, I.” He cuts himself off and lets out a low breath. After a moment’s hesitation, his lips twist upwards into a rueful smile. “You’d probably think it was dumb.”
Steve sits down, heavily, on the first flat surface he can find. It turns out to be a corner of the surveillance monitor console and switches dig uncomfortably into the backs of his thighs, but Steve ignores it.
With a crack that rings through the workshop, the very last speck of light disappears. The wind cuts out immediately, papers dropping down onto the floor. Tony skids to a halt. He tugs off his goggles and ear defenders and tosses them onto the floor.
- and, after a moment of peering around, shrugs and leaves them against the wall. Tony’s chatter is like a trail of breadcrumbs to follow, Steve padding along after it in his socks.
“You paranoid son of a bitch,” Steve breathes, impressed, before he steps back and gives Tony a rough shake and says loudly, “I shouldn’t have trusted you.”
“Works with either hand in either direction, we’re not talking rocket science here. You’re a smart guy, in your own special way. Then, just spread your hands if you wanna expand the schematics, pull for a closer look. Safe mode, JARVIS. For the love of god and science, the safest mode.”
Tony shakes himself like a dog, still grumbling under his breath as he wipes a hand across his face and scrubs at his wet hair.
They buy Steve a few fresh changes of clothes and then they grab some lunch, acting all the while like they’re old colleagues playing catch-up in the big city. It feels like they’re on a mission, which steadies Steve, in a way. He’s doing reconnaissance on an alien world that just happens to look like his home town, and if the loudness and heady rush of it all seems no different from usual, it’s just a cunning subterfuge. There is something hidden beneath the surface, and Steve knows it.
Steve gazes slides sideways to Tony. He looks startled for a moment, then raises an eyebrow. Tony realises that he’s frowning while he stares at Steve. He shrugs, looking away.
They bring Tony back wet, so Yinsen brings him a blanket and then, when Tony doesn’t stop shaking, he brings him some tea.
Grabbing the towel from her, Tony leans across and kisses Ms Potts on the lips. He gets – Steve looks away resolutely, tugging his remaining towels closer together over his bare shoulder – a bit handsy. When he draws back again, she’s rolling her eyes but smiling.
“Maybe. But they’ve got what they came for. They won’t have stuck around.
“What’re you working on?” he asks, after a moment of silence.
“Sir?”
“And...?”
“Okay, let’s cut the formalities. Can we do that? I think I’m having an allergic reaction. Call me Mr Stark again and I’ll break out in hives. Nobody wants that. Why are you smiling? No,” he adds, just as quickly, waving his free hand. “Don’t answer. Keep the Captain America mystique.”
Natasha inclines her head in agreement, her lips twitching. Next to her, though, Clint is frowning. Steve glances down at Clint's hands on the worktop and sees them clenching into fists.
“Yes, exactly. JARVIS is wonderful-”
Tony ignores him, taking the steps two at a time.
“No, go on.”
“Hold still,” Bucky is saying, pressing a towel wrapped in ice to the side of Steve’s sore face.
Tony double-takes extravagantly, peering around with raised eyebrows, and he says, “Barton, I didn’t know you cared.”
There’s a pause. Steve lifts his arm, chancing a look at Tony – at
“I mean,” he shouts, “I feel ridiculous, but-”
Tony picks the portal gun back up off the floor and lays it down across his lap, running his hands back and forth over the barrel of the gun. He prises at a panel in the side, almost absentmindedly, fingers blunt in his leather gloves.
There is one, barely two inches long and going blunt, nestled between sky blue and dark green. Steve plucks it out carefully and holds it out to Tony.
“No,” Steve agrees. “But I don’t know if I could stand to watch you do it again. Please... please don’t make me.”
How many times do I have to tell you-”
Cap.”
“Slow it down another 10%,” he mutters.
With an almighty crash that makes them both jump, a red and gold robot falls down from the ceiling and lands in the empty parking space. The concrete cracks beneath him.
“You said – about Howard–”
, but you know how he gets. I’m sorry, I wanted to...”
“That means something, coming from a guy like you.”
The next time is slower, and softer. Steve groans, rolling onto his side and spitting out a mouthful of warm, salty water. Another fives minutes, just five more, and then he’ll get up and start fighting this war again. His limbs ache. His lungs are burning.
Tony pauses, thinking Fury’s words through.
“No,” he shouts, words inaudible over the explosions. “Not yet, just stay, just sta-”
SHIELD’s New York base is everything the Helicarrier is not, starting with the fact that it can’t fly or turn invisible and working its way down from there.  The place is temporary, thrown together, and smells constantly, faintly of mildew. There are no windows in the conference room.
“I don’t know what you’re crying about, pal,” Clint throws over his shoulder, without taking his eyes off his own captives. “He got you out of the vehicle before he sat on it, didn’t he? That makes you one of the
“It’s not treason-”
“JARVIS, memo to self,” he’s saying as he comes inside. “Umbrella. Roof.
” Tony points an accusatory finger at him. “It’s patriotism, isn’t it.”
“I guess not.” Tony stumbles as Steve pushes him away, falling back down into his broken chair. Steve turns away. He runs a hand through his hair and sighs deeply; it’s only partly performance. His DNA might still be safe, but nothing else in this world seems to be.
Sam teased, “Don’t tell me you finally met someone more flexible than you.”
Steve spent the next several minutes stuffing his clothes into a suitcase. It was battered from years of use, but the zippers still held up. He gently folded Bucky’s jacket and placed it in the duffel bag. Steve placed the empty photo frame on top of his clothes and closed the suitcase.
“I – what?”
“Well, aren’t they a pair of eager beavers.”
in the corner of the cave, it’s the scent that hits him the hardest, the heady mix of sand and metal and two bodies in close quarters. He staggers, lurching into the wall and letting it hold him up because his legs sure as hell cannot.
Tony is shaking his head, pulling from Steve’s hand and Steve is tightening his grip and saying, “Tony, come on--”
“I know.”
“He’s down in his lab with the others,” she says before Steve can ask, and then, huffing out a breath and shaking her head, brushing her hair out of her eyes, she says, “Sorry. Hello, Steve. It’s good to see you again. Bureaucracy makes me rude.”
“Thank you, Mr Jarvis.”
Steve tugs the cuff out of Tony’s mouth and deftly fastens the other cufflink too, stepping back quickly when Tony raises his eyebrows at him.
“I don’t think I could imagine New York without pigeons,” he says.
“Sure, giant green rage machine is cool. And being the actual god of storms, that’s impressive. But I…”
Half the folks who followed them to the police department followed them to the park, although they’re still keeping a wide berth. Steve figures the Hulk with an ice cream sandwich is still the Hulk, and nobody but them wants to stand too close to the Hulk, so it’s almost peaceful. He can focus on the trees and the grass and the glimpses of the Hudson, and the Hulk can focus on his fifth ice cream sandwich, and Clint’s balancing on the handrail, looking extremely focussed too. Steve isn’t sure at what.
Tony presses his hands over his mouth, trying not to cry himself, because even the ghost wasn’t as scary as this, nothing has ever been as scary as this, and he’s starting to feel dizzy.
“I thought there would be more robots in the future,” he says.
us?” Steve snaps.
“You’re a waste, Tony,” Obie hisses right into his ear. He takes hold of Tony’s chin and turns his head towards him. “Your mind, your ability – my god, it’s irritating, but I have to admit it’s impressive. And you waste it! It’s like you’re not even trying. Six long, tedious years I waited until I just – couldn’t - wait – any longer.”
“Are we New York salvage too, then?” Bruce asks dryly.
Tony is walking down a corridor in the dark, towards the sound of voices. He turns left.
“Look, you – your mom had just died and you were, what? Fifteen? It was bad. I couldn’t deal with my own teenage grief, let alone someone else’s, so let’s just – go to the zoo.”
“Avoid me in the eighties too. I mean it. Puberty. Couldn’t grow facial hair. It wasn’t pretty.”
It’s only been a few minutes since Steve and Romanoff left to investigate when there’s a buzz and a click and a rushing sensation that makes the hair on Tony’s arms stand on end. He’s sitting on their conference table, looking over a stack of cameras and recording equipment for anything unusual, when every cell phone in the room comes back to life in a cacophony of ringtones and relieved voices. In the split second it takes him to jump to his feet, his own pockets start buzzing: his cell and his communicator, joined in harmony; and then the fire alarm rips through the air and drowns it all out.
Tony raises his hand and, after a second of quiet hesitation, places it on Steve’s shoulder. Steve closes his eyes, focusing on the sensation of simply being touched. It seems like forever since he last felt it. Sharon’s face rises in his mind unbidden, her lips moving soundlessly over him. The courthouse steps beneath him. The blood pulsing out of him.
The paper plane has disappeared when Tony look back to the sky again.
Tony scoffs. “So that’s it? Fury’s grand scheme? I don’t know about you and nineteen-forty winks here, but I don’t plan on sitting by the phone twiddling my thumbs until Fury’s ready to invite me to the planetary crisis prom.”
“Of course, sir,” the computer says.
He steps forward and raises his hand, drawing the rest of the team’s attention.
The elevator reaches level one and Steve steps out into the Penthouse. He removes his boots automatically, leaving them in their usual spot against the wall, but when he looks up he realises he’s alone. The living room is quiet and empty, a cool breeze blowing in through the door to the balcony.
“Obviously I don’t eat it regularly, with my training regime. But more regularly than Clint shoots sharks.”
“I’m SHIELD’s kept boy right now. They’d build me a statue of myself out of arrows if they thought it’d keep me occupied.”
Tony, who is still looking at Steve much too thoughtfully, tilts his head. “What, to Jane and Thor? Good god, no, not yet. Those two are, uh, you know, young love. Those crazy kids, gonna make it. I dunno what happens if you come between them when they’re saying hello after a whole four hours apart, but it probably ends in a threesome.”
“What?”
He takes the box from Tony’s hands and leans over the couch to slide it into his bag, slides the bag over his shoulder. Then he picks his shield up from its place on the cushions and holds it out to Tony.
There’s a ping and the door slides open. Beyond the elevator lies more grey stone floor and sandy-coloured walls, everything lit up with bright sunlight through a wall of floor-to-ceiling windows. It doesn’t look much like a home; or at least, not the kind of home Steve used to know.
Steve isn’t perfect. Steve’s full of bad ideas. He shakes his head.
“Stay,” Tony whispers, crawling to his other heart.
“Basement level,” JARVIS intones in the dragging silence.
Tony doesn’t look back.
“They do,” Steve says, at the same time as Tony looks up from his console and says,
“Seriously,” he says. “He’s right here. I could put in a good word. Tell him you think he’s dreamy.”
Steve opens his good eye and squints up at the shape of Tony, his vision wavering in the dim light.
So he’s been out of the state for a week, when he opens his apartment door – shoving it with his shoulder when it jams; if he ever moves out of this place, he sure as heck isn’t getting the deposit back – and he finds his mail on the table. In among all the letters he sets aside for later, there’s a note on paper thicker than his credit card, embossed with a Stark Industries letterhead. It reads, in an unfamiliar hand, ‘Whatever you said to him to make him build something other than comedy robots,
, he thinks,
“Well, we can’t all save the world.”
Steve chuckles, ceiling-ward. Then he finger-combs his hair and smoothes his shirt and looks back down at Tony again.
“You don’t even know what it is you’re playing with, do you?”
Steve frowns at him.
“Dr Banner continues to make his way north through Peru, coordinates...” JARVIS pauses for only a second. “Coordinates -6.768528,-79.782393. He appears to have become aware of your tracker, sir, and sends his salutations.”
“These idiots-” Glancing at Steve, he nudges one of them with his toe. “- fired off a few rounds to scare folks in the bank, but nobody got hurt. My favourite part was when Hulk ate the getaway driver’s gun.”
The man makes a small, soft noise and flops back onto the tarmac in a dead faint. To the side, Steve can see Clint’s shoulders shaking with almost silent laughter, the point of his arrow remaining utterly steady regardless.
“Tony,” Steve says.
“No, sorry, I’m just- Although it would help if you weren’t so abrasive sometimes.” Steve sighs. He stands, pinches the bridge of his nose and tries again. “Sorry. Not my place to tell anyone what to do out of uniform, least of all my friends. Shouldn’t we go say hi?”
Steve watches the quick movements of Tony’s hands.
“I hit something.”
Sitting on the stool next to him, Natasha lowers her cereal spoon from her mouth and looks them up and down.  Her expression inscrutable, her gaze lingers on the gun in Tony’s hand and then moves on to Steve’s.
Tony flinches slightly, dropping his gaze and taking another step back, but he goes still again when Steve holds up his uninjured hand.
Tony is thirty-nine and there for barely a split second, choking on water and digging his fingers into the lawn so hard, tomorrow the gardeners will search for a stray dog.
walking,” one of them says.
Tony rolls his eyes, picking his screwdriver up again. He tightens another fastening. Steve’s presence, behind him, feels ten feet wide. It itches between his shoulder blades.
Tony waves a hand, shrugs. Smiling again, Thor pats him on the back, hard enough to knock him forwards and Tony stumbles. Steve sees in his mind’s eye the sharp, hard edge of the work surface rising up to meet him and he reaches out a hand without thinking, grabbing Tony by the collar of his shirt. Tony jerks to a halt, coughs and glares and rubs his neck and bats Steve’s hand away.
He presses level three on the number pad when it appears. As the doors slide shut, he looks up. Pepper’s smiling faintly with her head to one side, as if she’s thinking of a private joke, but her smile widens when he catches her eye. She lifts a hand in goodbye then lets it drop back down to her elbow.
Everyone turned to look at him with some mixture of shock and contempt. As if they expected to continue speaking about Steve like he wasn’t present.
He didn’t have to see Happy; Steve could hear the smile in his voice.
You cooking?
"We leave at six, so probably three."
"I can do this, be the public boyfriend you need me to be. But you will have to get used to me being a bit scared of all this."
"What happened? Forty minutes ago you were ready to make out with me in front of the board of directors and now you can't even look at me."
"It wasn't stupid, Steve. Like you said, you don't leave anyone behind."
7:30?
“We still don’t know each other as well as we should for you to be comfortable telling me …” He grimaced and glanced toward Happy. “What you told me.”
"Today it's all on me."
What the hell was Steve meant to call him? Clearly
"Apologies, Captain, but—"
"Yeah?"
"No."
“Damn right, I would have.”
“He’s never had anyone he could trust to love him like that.” Nat nodded. “I understand what it’s like. You need to take it slow and all you can do is not let him push you away.”
“I finally got the invitation and Tony called her up.”
; the repetition was nice.
“Do you enjoy living in Brooklyn?”
“I think that is the right choice.”
"I wouldn't have gone if he wasn't. Bucky was ..." He choked off the words and let his face fall into his hands for a moment. "Tony, I can't even begin to tell you. I loved him so much as a friend and whatever else that I didn't want to be a soldier without him. I didn't want to live without him, so I rescued them all. If they'd only taken Bucky, or if they'd taken a hundred men plus Bucky, none of it mattered. I did not disobey the order because it was the right thing to do. I disobeyed the order because Bucky needed me. There is a world of difference and I didn't deserve a damn thing for it. I got him out; I had everything I needed."
“I thought—”
Steve wondered what that meant.
Steve frowned.
He opened the magazine after dinner. It was a simple two-page spread, and the far half of the right page was a full-color photo of Steve kissing Tony on the forehead. Granted, he expected they would choose this one. It’s why he did it, after all, in front of those cameras. Good lighting and a great partner could fool anyone looking at a picture in a magazine. Except, if Steve was honest with himself, he would be perfectly happy to keep kissing Tony with or without the cameras.
Steve laughed.
and asked, “Does this have pictures?”
"Miss Potts wanted someone who has dealt with intense personal scrutiny without being subject to major press attention, someone who could be trusted implicitly, and most importantly, someone Mr. Stark would want to keep in his life for an extended period of time. You are the optimal candidate matching those criteria."
"Why did you leave the army?"
“We should go upstairs before someone notices us.”
“Huh.” Rhodey paused to take a bite and chew. “You know, Tony’s always gotten relationships wrong. Then again, everyone who’s dated Tony has gotten him wrong. They all wanted him to be something different, and Tony could never figure out what it was. Ty being the exception, obviously—”
you, and afraid of what it would mean if I really let you into my life. You didn’t let me say any of that; you stole my lasagna and left.”
"Man, haven't you been listening? It's lunchtime." Sam shot back in the half-chiding, half-fond way he did when Steve interrupted a story. "So the guy comes over and shows me a picture on his phone and I laugh, saying, 'Nah, man, I ain't got a picture of Tony Stark in my bunk.' Then he tells me, 'No, the other guy.' So I look a little closer at this photo of some blond guy with his arm around Tony Stark's shoulders, walking into that shitty diner you used to drag me to in Midtown."
"I was just thinking there are two ways people hold hands, so do they mean different things?"
! We have unions!”
Happy's smile widened and he agreed, "Yessir, he does, and I make it happen."
"Good afternoon, Captain Rogers."
“Understood.”
Steve sighed heavily and sank lower into the chair. He hated this, hated talking about any of this like it was normal. Liking men wasn’t normal for him. Or, well, it
to love art when you’re teaching kids how to do it.”
The reporter said, "That's not a perspective we often hear about Mr. Stark."
Thor asked, “Why do you like that about him?”
"Ah," Tony realized, "and Captain America was born."
"It doesn't sound like you have any interest in moving on from Barnes."
“I think you’ll find I’ve dated pretty much anyone who would have me. Pep was the best because she already knew the ins and outs of my life. She knew about the drinking, the days I spend in the workshop, my predilection for falling asleep in board meetings, throwing things at paparazzi … She looked past all of it. The thing was, it’s hard for either of us to see the other fail. People looked at our relationship and all they saw was Pepper sleeping with her boss. She was constantly worried about me and my safety, going to conventions with drug lords and terrorists, selling weapons, then
and controlling the flow of information is a significant part of my job. They will not find anything we don't want them to find."
“Thanks, Captain Rogers. I’d appreciate that.”
“In a half hour, you’re going to receive a video call from some people who want to talk to you.”
“The circus.”
“When do you have to make a decision?”
Steve carefully considered his answer. The date had only lasted an hour, plus the five minutes it took to walk back to Stark Tower. Tony had made sickeningly cute puppy dog eyes, begging him to come upstairs to the penthouse. That was what truly rubbed Steve the wrong way; Tony looked at him as a plaything. A yearlong, monogamous plaything or a security guard to fuck. Steve needed to make Tony understand there were boundaries. Steve was not a prostitute, not a fucktoy. Outside the doors of Stark Tower and in front of more than a few cameras, he bent to kiss Tony on the cheek before saying good-bye.
"Why are you on the floor?"
Steve begrudgingly let him go and said, "Thank you, Tony."
Tony looked good like that. Really good. The cuddle on the couch and play video games together kind of good. Let me make you pancakes for dinner kind of good. Fuck me in the back of this limo kind of—
Tony laughed like Steve was asking a silly question. That ruffled him a bit. Everyone in Tony's world seemed to expect him to accept his life being available for them to flip through at their leisure.
He pulled on the same clothes he wore the day before, fully prepped for the walk of shame. Steve wasn't ashamed of it, though; he and Tony hadn't done anything except go down to the workshop. Steve spent those hours drawing random things he found on Tony's desk, while Tony got lost in holograms and power tools. But even if they had done something, if they had been intimate, Steve did not believe he would be ashamed. There was a lot left to unravel, but Steve could tell that Tony would make an effort if he thought Steve would stay.
"A half? How can you have a half?"
“Oh.” Tony kicked at the floor of the limo with the toe of one sneaker. “I told you I would hire security.”
me. She knows I would sleep with you in a nanosecond, but she also knows that it takes awhile for me to trust people. I trust you, but then you go and say shit like that and I wonder if you see me as disposable the way everyone else does.”
“Maybe I could make you happy for awhile, like I know you could make me. What happens when it begins to fall apart? You know it would; we fight too much for it not to. It'd end before you are out of probation. We can't make life-altering decisions based on initial attraction."
now.”
"Same, same," Steve agreed.
Tony stopped halfway down the stairs and looked up at Steve with a vulnerable look on his face.
Pepper ignored him.
dating him.”
“We have only been doing this for about a month, so there are a lot of things we have to learn about each other.” Steve revealed, “He’s got an ex-boyfriend no one talks about. They tell me to Google it, and that feels invasive. I should wait for Tony to tell me, right?”
He was gonna pull his foot out and throw his shoe at one of the cameras to break the lens. Steve made a conscious shift from
"Are we still talking about—"
Steve could not suppress a smile. Thor always congratulated him with so much enthusiasm that he felt like a five-year-old about to receive a gold star. But after thinking about it for a moment, his smile toppled into a frown.
“No, I’m not, but I’m going to try.”
“Your voice sounds familiar to me. Who is this?”
“The suit jacket. That’s the kind of guy who doesn’t let you fuck him, then refuses to go down on you when he finishes first. I have enough of that shit on base, I’d rather wait for reciprocity.” Sam reconsidered for a moment. “How nice of a dinner you think we’re talking, though? I would do some dangerous things for good shrimp.”
Steve didn't bother to correct that assumption. It was mostly correct, anyway.
Steve asked, “Do you know that guy?”
“You miss me?”
"You have been walking around Brooklyn since you got back, trapped in your memories. The challenge, Captain Rogers, is not about finding the right person to move on. It's that you must figure out how to move on with this man without forgetting how your James made you feel."
“I didn’t believe you would call.”
A million dollars.
Tony grumbled something unintelligible, so Steve tugged on his arm. He swatted Steve's hand away, so Steve tugged on his pajama pants. He dodged the pillow Tony threw his way as Jarvis said,
"Before I was planning our wedding, I was wondering if you have plans on Wednesday."
"—and won't find anything."
“I do.”
“It’s passcode protected!”
"Steve?"
“Because I don’t like where we left things.” Tony tossed the remaining beanbag between his hands. “I think that you think I will judge you for not having money.”
Pepper had texted him the location of a diner a couple blocks from Stark Tower. He knew the address, but checked again just in case. The place was dingey as hell, but the food wasn't half-bad. When they got days off together, Steve and Bucky used to come to Midtown just to look at the people. Overseas it was easy to forget how big this place really was, how noisy and cloistered and unbelievable. Midtown, especially, with its impossible traffic and people shouting at each other because neither cab drivers nor pedestrians seemed to believe in crosswalks.
“Hey, Captain Handsome.”
Steve blushed and before he knew it, Tony had pulled him down by the collar of his t-shirt into a lazy morning kiss. It was nice and slow, as if they had all the time in the world. Steve placed his hand on the nape of Tony’s neck, begging him to come closer.
"We didn't."
After the cab reached the end of the block, Steve turned around to see Tony still standing there, hands stuffed in his pockets, watching Steve ride away. And even though Steve knew he shouldn’t, he Googled his own name. It was headline after punny headline, laughing at him choosing a cheesy karaoke song. There was a lot of information contained in some of the articles. Namely a quote that seemed to get brought up over and over again:
“I told him he was a waste of oxygen. He insulted Tony and that won’t stand. Not around me.”
“Why wouldn’t you come to me?”
Steve rolled his eyes and said, “You are an incurable flirt, Tony.”
"Alright!" The man Steve would eventually recognize as the team lead clapped his hands together and started to shout orders. "Makeup last. Hair, then suit, then shoes, then accoutrements."
“Of course I knew, but it’s like the first time you get shot at in a warzone. You know it’s gonna happen; doesn’t change your reaction when it does.”
Tony looked worriedly over at the board of directors and sighed.
"Shit, I probably shouldn't have ... Right after your session ... You said it was hard and I just dropped that on you."
“What am I supposed to do with this? I lost the first person I loved to war. I lost the second to grief. And now, if I go as deep into this as I want to … I could lose you, too. I won’t survive that.”
“Okay,” Steve nodded, “I can work with that.”
“All heart surgeries are complicated.”
“There is a conference in Germany where I’m scheduled to give a lecture. Then there are a few lectures I want to attend, as well. Did you know there are people making biodegradable plastic from cactus juice?”
"Miss Potts would have my head." He looked up to see the six so far nameless people had ceased all activity to stare at him. "Who are these people?"
“Yes, it might. It might not.”
Steve insisted, “No one is disposable.”
"The most important thing, however all of this ends up, is that you cannot tell anyone about this arrangement."
"Yes, Captain Rogers?"
Industries in
"I like that," Steve admitted. "Never thought of him that way."
“I don’t understand.”
“Good catch, Cap. Still, I wanna meet him. Man’s got hearts in his eyes. Have you seen these pictures? Shit, that’s how I look at gumbo.”
“Details.” Tony dismissed the thought with a wave of his hand. “I really wanted to see you.”
Tony asked, "How would you want me to do it? Hot air balloon ride, or fly you to Paris and drop to a knee in front of the Eiffel Tower?"
“My advice, which you didn’t ask for, is to prepare for him to scare you.” Pepper shook her head and tossed the StarkPad haphazardly onto the desk. “Physically, emotionally, mentally … One day, you will be with him and he could just drop unconscious. You think to yourself, is he dead? Did he go too long in the workshop without sleeping? Am I on a very elaborate version of Punk’d? Is it somehow all three of those things at once?”
"Well, what?"
Steve shook his head, embarrassed. Karaoke was not exactly his idea of fun. Then again, it wasn’t
Steve took a deep breath.
“Anyway, having an electromagnet hovering over your heart nonstop for three years messes with things. I had a heart attack and there is a pretty high likelihood it will happen again.”
Satisfied that Happy wasn’t listening in (And would never let on if he did.), Steve turned so his shoulder was pressed against the seat and he was face-to-face with Tony.
“This guy is royalty.”
. Tony's eyes went very wide as Steve ran a thumb along the edge of his jaw.
"Do what you need to do, and I'll wait."
they about, then?”
"I'm Steve Rogers. Nice to meet you."
"I assume someone shoved the
“How did you meet him?”
“Logistics. There was an entire ocean between our futures; she wanted something in England, I wanted something here in New York. When Bucky died, I had to cope with everything and she couldn’t help. I was dragging her down with me, so we ended it together. We went through all the possible scenarios and none of them made us happy. I lost Bucky and I lost Peggy, then lost a lot of myself in the aftermath.”
not doing that,” Steve murmurs, running his hand across the edge of the console. “So who is?”
The other Tony stares out at him from the dark, his eyes wide and damp, but he follows easily along when Tony gives his hand a tug. After a few steps, the Tony in Howard’s office begins to cry, the sound of it echoing down the corridor, and the Tony holding his hand stumbles. He looks back over his shoulder, uncertainly, at the way they came.
It startles a laugh out of her. Her shoulders relax, drooping low, and then she bites her lip and turns her head away. She unwinds her hair from his fingers as gently as if she were untying a knot.
“You did not tell us the great Tony Stark was a witch!” the man in charge exclaims, and when he snaps his fingers, two of his companions thrust the kneeling man’s head under the water.
“I wish you’d told me,” Steve says, picking his pencil up again. “Not – not about Bucky and the ice. I can understand that, now, I guess. But that you didn’t like me.”
“Malibu. Company stuff.” Tony waves a hand, knocking sprinkles off his doughnut. “She’s – it’s physically impossible to overstate how much better a CEO she is than I ever was. It turns out there’s actually a buttload of work involved in running a company as awesome as mine! Who knew, right? So she’s – in Malibu, doing that.”
“Right,” Tony says.
“I did what?”
Shoving the portal gun back onto the floor, Tony tugs his gloves off with his teeth, chucks them to the side and takes careful hold of Steve’s hand again. Tony’s fingers are warm and calloused and precise, and he slips them under Steve’s palm.
“Maybe,” he says. “I sure hope so.”
He tugs his sweatshirt off over his head and holds it out to Bruce. He’s got his undershirt on beneath it, but it rides up and someone wolf-whistles. A kid shouts, “Where’s your shield, Cap?”
“Hill says it was ‘you did this.’”
Tony spreads his arms.
said worse. Hey, race you back to the bar.”
“Everyone’s gone?”
After a hot shower on the third level, the water pressure so perfect it almost makes him want to cry, Steve almost feels like a human again. He dries himself vigorously with the towel, and performs a few simple stretches, and splashes cold water on his face when he’s done. The whole bathroom is white marble and practically the entire wall over the sink is one, big mirror; it must be hell to clean.
“Right,” he breathes. Louder, “Tell her I’ll be up in five – no, ten. I just – I need to know what...”
“Ah,” Tony says. He sucks in a breath through his teeth, seesawing his hand back and forth. “Actually, I think you’ll find we’re the ones with the Captain. And you’re, Nick, I hate to break it to you, but you’re the one whose lifestyle choices include an eye patch. So if anything I guess we’re... regaining control of your pirate ship. This is an antimutiny.”
“Well, it was five minutes ago for me.”
The ball of energy smacks into the far wall with such force it reverberates through the floor all the way back to where they’re standing, and white light licks up the walls from floor to ceiling. The ripple in the air picks up until suddenly wind is rushing past them, away from the light – or
“Six-year-old me got over it.”
They’re both silent after that, Steve because he’s still processing it, or because he has no air left in his lungs. Everything inside of himself seems to have slowed down to a halt. He feels himself shake his head.
“I’m too awake,” she says. “I’m going to get up, get some work done. You go back to sleep.”
He closes his eyes and, after a moment’s indecision, thinks of Breezy Point Tip. He thinks of how he had wandered up and down the beach, grumbling, sand in his shoes, trying to find the strongest wifi signal. When he had looked back over his shoulder, he had seen Steve standing by the shoreline with his hands in his pockets and Tony had thought again, then, of Steve’s crappy suitcase on his mother’s kitchen table, and the sun had been shining in his eyes.
A shower of blue electrical sparks rain down on Steve from over the treetops. He stares.
“So did I. You know me, full of surprises.”
“Your necktie is crooked,” Steve replies.
“Please don’t experiment on it,” Steve adds.
“No no no no no,” Tony is hissing. “Don’t watch, don’t, stop--” and then he grabs Steve by the arm and twists him away. Steve stumbles, startled. He has to catch himself on Tony’s shoulders; Tony’s shoulders that are trembling, and there is Tony’s pale, panicked face staring up at him.
“Wait. Tony--” Steve follows him down the stairs into the half-light – the walls are brick but covered in the same glowing nanite fluid as the cave. “This could be dangerous. Get behind me. We don’t know who or what’s still down there.”
Clint twists, craning to look up at them.
“Testing, testing,” Tony says. “I can see
,” Steve snaps. “I know it’s not much of a trigger, but if you close your eyes and relax... If you don’t see it coming…”
“Yes.” Hill draws the syllable out. She hesitates, taps her fingers on the cover of a folder and continues, slowly, “I’ve reassessed my opinion.”
He thumbs through the agreement, scanning the legal mumbo jumbo for anything interesting and finding very little. With a yawn, he drops the document onto the table and looks around. Steve has already finished reading and has signed his copy too; he wordlessly passes Tony his pen. The others only have a few pages left to go, except Thor, who keeps flicking back and forth between pages and chuckling to himself with his chin in his hand.
“Did you two ever see anything like this in SHIELD’s stores?” he asks. Drawing a stool out from next to Tony, he sits and looks back at her and then across at Clint. “Be careful, we don’t know for sure if it’s safe to touch.”
“Come on. Let’s do this thing. We’ll be braiding Thor’s hair in no time.”
Steve’s hand lingers in the air once Tony’s left it. His fingers curl in on themselves and for a second Steve just looks at them, frowning.
He stands, abruptly, pushing away from the console and his chair rolls freely a few inches, the castor wheels rumbling too loud in a half-empty cave. “Conversation over. I’m going to bed.”
“I like my pack of shirts.”
And they leave. Steve watches the men slink away, waiting until they’ve all disappeared before he allows himself to drag a hand down his face, allows himself a humourless smirk. Score one for this world: the bad guys aren’t used to fighting adult superheroes anymore.
“You don’t have you name on the tower,” he says slowly. “You mentioned it earlier... It stuck with me, though I wasn’t sure why. But there’s only the A.”
“Not like anything I’ve ever seen,” Clint says, shaking his head. “It doesn’t look like typical HYDRA tech either. This is pretty weird. Don’t they like showing off? You’d think they’d want something that people can stand to look at for longer than five seconds.”
“That’s why you hate the eighties? Because you couldn’t grow your dumb beard?”
“You know what they say; the grass is always greener on the giant green mutant side.”
“No,” Steve says. “Not today, anyhow.”
Steve looks around to see Tony waving a bottle at him. He doesn’t look troubled, and for all Tony skates around his emotions as if they belong to someone else, Steve’s rapidly learning how bad he is at hiding them. He
“Cactuses?” Bruce says.
“I mean you no offence, Tony. He has wronged you and your planet gravely, and that can never be undone. But Loki... he is young, and Asgard is changing. I too once sought out battle in the stars and thought it glorious, and I was older than he.”
“And is it? Worth it?”
Shrugging in acquiescence, Steve flicks through his sketchpad to find a blank page. Tony catches glimpses of park scenes, cityscapes, a few sketches of older buildings obviously drawn from memory, and then a few pages of loose, quick sketches of Romanoff stretching for a workout. Then Steve tugs a page out and passes it to Tony, and Tony pulls the pencil from its loose grip in Steve’s other hand.
“Everything okay?” Steve asks.
Finally, glancing off to the side, Tony catches Sofia’s eye. She nods, tapping her watch, and Tony clears his throat and lifts his hands up.
“Wish I coulda had a closer look,” he murmurs. “Minus the missile.”
He snaps his fingers, and the discarded parts snap back into position. Like magic.
“I’m not so sure of that.” Steve pulls the hologram apart again, slower this time, just admiring the way that the lines move and the light follows his fingers. Maybe it’s more beautiful
There’s a pause. Tony slowly turns to stare at Thor, who is still frowning in deep thought. Beyond his giant, alien shoulders, Tony catches Barton’s eye and mouths, incredulously, ‘
“People haven’t changed as much as you think.”
“Okay, replay. Slower.”
“I’m not saying I believe in any higher power Thor couldn’t take in a fistfight,” he says. “Or fate, or destiny, or that I’m some kind of chosen one – even I’m not that egotistical. But a guy evades certain death enough times, he starts wondering if there’s a reason.”
“If I might be of assistance?” says a voice from somewhere overhead.
Tony smirks at that. He takes Steve’s arm with his free hand, dabbing rubbing alcohol onto a patch of skin a couple of inches above the elbow with the other. Then he carefully steadies the scalpel and digs in without warning. Steve appreciates the lack of warning, his muscles remembering to tense up only once Tony is already pulling away. The cut isn’t deep, but it’s bleeding freely, enough that Steve only has to tip his arm for blood to run down into the waiting test tube. They watch in silence.
scary option, because I wanted it to happen. Not like a death wish, been there, done that, bought the race car. I mean, I...”
Tony straightens up and turns around as Steve enters the room, moving aside enough for Steve to catch a glimpse of what looks like a microwave in front of them, although Thor remains bent over and keeps on loudly laughing.
“Well,” Steve says. “Trap or not, there’s only one way to find out.”
“You can’t helicopter parent a
“Me?” Steve exclaims. “Why are
“Of course I’m sure. Come on, come on, take it, my arm’s going numb here.”
“No,” he says. “No. It’s not – You saw stars in there?”
Natasha smirks at him and sucks the dregs of her drink noisily up through her straw, cheeks hollowed. Once it’s all gone, she plucks a piece of ice from the bottom of her glass and pops it into her mouth, chews it with a slow, deliberate crunch.
. I own a jet, you know. I could get it over here specially.”
“I don’t think it’s really a competition.”
“I’m sure Fury will get in touch when he needs us,” Steve says.
“Of course, sir,” JARVIS says. “As ever, I live to serve.”
“Prototype. One of a kind so far, but it’s about time we put it to the test. Here, catch.”
Before he can respond, her cell phone beeps. Pepper tugs it out of her purse and frowns down at the caller ID, her lips pressing thinly together. She rolls her eyes when she looks back up at him.
He’s peripherally aware of Steve huffing out a breath – part sigh, part laughter – while Tony turns his attention to the other cuff. Steve takes hold of the wrist Tony shoved under his nose, gently straightens the cuff and twists the cufflink tightly closed. It clicks when it locks, magnetically, into place.
“Not the first time I’ve heard that question,” Tony says. He smirks. The welding iron showers a steady rain of sparks over his fingers, each touch bright and biting. “What do you think would have happened – if I’d travelled without something holding the shrapnel in place?”
She rolls her eyes, flapping her hand. “Go, go, oh my god. You don’t need my permission, I promise.”
“That’s our cue, folks,” he says, Captain America once more.
“It was raining,” he says. “I got wet.”
Romanoff shifts minutely.
“Well,
. Bad. Rhodey took over for a couple years, but he was risking his real career and he couldn’t keep that up. So there’s no Iron Man, there’s no Avengers, there’s nothing.”
Barton chokes on a pretzel.
Tony hates not knowing.
“Jesus, Tony!” Steve exclaims.
But it’s Tony Steve looks back to again, hunched down over this gun with his tongue sticking out in concentration. It’s Tony Steve can’t look away from, even as Tony glances at him out of the corner of his eye and Steve can’t decipher his expression.
“Yeah, yeah, stupid and reckless,” he says. “I guess I like my walls intact. See? I’m growing as a person. I blame you.”
“Try me.”
Steering clear of the door to the press conference, which is getting louder with every second, she slips out a side door into a plain stairwell, her phone to her ear. She says, “Mr Shaw, how can I – No, no, not interrupting at all,” and the door snaps shut behind her.
Hovering ten feet over the crowd, Steve’s feet are level with the Hulk’s face – the Hulk, who is sitting quite calmly by his standards on the roof of a thoroughly crushed car, twenty and fifty dollar bills spilling out of the busted trunk and getting caught in the breeze. He’s holding a weeping, trembling man by the ankle, swinging him back and forth.
“Hey,” he says. “We’re trending on twitter.”
turn of the century, right? Cars, cows, cinema, the three Cs.”
, sorry. Grown-up you, who never mentioned anything glowing.”
“Okay, great. Forwards another frame.”
His suitcase is packed, closed, on the kitchen table.
“It sure does.”
“Okay, okay, geez. Don’t blame me if it opens some kind of paradoxical magnet wormhole.”
“What year are
Steve stops. He looks back at Tony again, who has dropped his arms. His hands hang by his sides, fingers curling and uncurling. He shrugs slightly when he meets Steve’s gaze and he says, “Steve. Come on, I – I’m trying to... I’m
“Well, Bruce now, obviously. Natasha might and if she does Barton might – or might not, girl likes her secrets. Thor... is a man of impeccable character and musculature, but he still can’t tell the difference between Midgardian tech and cinderblocks yet. Give it time, I believe in him. And then there’s you.”
“Sorry about all this,” he says. “I don’t know how long this whole thing’s going to take to get straightened out, but you’re welcome to come along if you don’t mind walking.”
“Iceland,” says Pepper. “We haven’t been to Iceland in a – in a while.”
“And play,” he says.
Tony jumps, swears, dropping the mic. It skitters across the monitor console and onto the floor, chased by Tony’s hands. As Steve approaches, he can hear a tinny little voice drifting out of the radio.
“Scrawny,” Tony mutters.
“Come on, big guy.” Clint pats the Hulk on the head and leaps back down off the railing. “Let’s go get you another ice cream sandwich or two.”
“Your eyes had gone out of focus. I thought maybe you were slipping into a coma.”
“Hey, Barton, aim for a hawk’s eye next time,” Tony says. “Make a thing of it. You wanted a new hobby, right?”
“This is incredible!” Steve shouts over the roar of the wind.
“-or at least,” Howard says, “we don’t have
“It’s not a weapon.”
“Sir, Captain Rogers requests entry to the workshop.”
“And Osborne thinks he can extract meta DNA and, what, synthesise a superpower from it? Is that even possible?”
“What, did you think I was wearing all this for fun? It’s for science. I’m trying to, uh-” He waves a hand, motioning at the glowing circle in his chest. “Find a way to control myself. These wires are for measuring all the stuff that happens to my body when I go. Normally when I time travel, I leave everything behind, but because I have this magnet in my body now, any metal I connect to it becomes kind of a – part of me.”
“Take the left,” Tony is murmuring into a microphone, his eyes fixed on the screen. “No, I don’t care what your intel says. I know more than your intel and I say go left. Mr. O’s men are waiting for you on the right. Oh, that gets you going, doesn’t it? Hey, if I told you Mr. O was hiding in my dirty laundry would you guys come fight it for me?”
“Got it,” Steve says. “You named it...
“Okay,” he whispers, spreading his fingers over the arc reactor. His hand is still too small to cover it.
At least, Steve reflects, she didn’t run up the stairs.
She bites down on the spoon and grins around it, toothily, like a shark.
“Funny ha-ha, I hope.”
“You’ve been kinda...” Tony shrugs, looks away. He waves a hand at Steve’s face. “Quiet. Long-faced. Downhearted. Since you got back from Peru with that headfuck of a gun.”
“When I die,” Fury says loudly, flatly, speaking over Tony until Tony shuts up, “or retire, I suppose, if I’m lucky, I don’t get much say in who takes over from me as Director. Used to, but things change. Oh, I get a vote. Sure, a vote... if I’m still alive to make it. Me and every member of the Council gets a vote.”
“Thank you, ma’am. Have a nice day.”
Tony goes still at last, and his expression shutters down, his chin lifts up. “Like you wouldn’t have jumped right into that mineshaft solo if HYDRA and the Nazis had been playing Twister at the bottom.”
Tony lifts his hand away and lifts his shirt away to let Obie see, and Obie steps fully into the room. He kneels next to Tony, at the other Tony’s side, and he taps a finger over the glowing glass.
“Favourite thing about Midgard? Don’t,” he adds quickly, “say Jane.”
“You can get away with the jeans, and we can hide your patriotic torso,” Tony says once Steve’s dressed, “but nobody in the world can get away with those pirate boots.”
“Tell him to think of it as a mutual consultation,” Tony adds, with a wide grin.
Tony shrugs. He puts the lid back on the whiskey, but leaves the bottle out on the bar.
Carefully, Steve folds the sheet of paper in half and slips it into his wooden box, along with the stub of red pencil.
“I’m – JARVIS, could you clip this from, uh, here to... here.” He drags his finger over the play bar. “Save as a new file. Play.”
Steve has moved his hand and passed the towel before Tony’s words catch up with him. “Wait, what are we doing here--?” he begins, but Tony has already plunged the screwdriver into his forearm.
“You,” Tony says softly. “You complete fucking idiot.”
Tony sighs, leaning back in his chair. He crosses his arms behind his head and crosses his legs at the ankles, smirking with a twist of irony. “Your world isn’t perfect. Guess what, neither is mine. Your world, people are starting to distrust superheroes and metahumans. My world, superheroes, metas – they haven’t had that trust for a very long time. If ever.
me, and tells me how much he wants me all the time. I just hate that the rest of the world feels entitled to know about it.”
"Alright, let's make a deal. No matter how sideways this goes, I won't lie to you and you won't lie to me."
Peggy frowned and asked, “How do you mean?”
“Mhmm. It says as the Libra moon you are inclined to need a partner to feel complete.” He handed the book back to Steve. “Fitting.”
"Well as I am not innocent and my life has been anything but fluff, you may reconsider that assessment."
Steve let him. He stared at the table as Tony made for the door, then turned around halfway to look back at Steve.
“It’s early. I’ve kissed him a few times, but it is different from how I have been with everyone else I’ve dated.”
Steve tossed the magazine in the recycling bin but thought about it all the way back to his apartment. He trudged up the stairs and somehow made it inside. There were pictures.
They leaned back against the couch and didn't say anything for awhile. Tony snuggled into Steve's side, and it felt nice. He could get used to this, to holding Tony, playing video games, threatening anyone who so much as looked at him wrong ...
“So things are uncertain.”
"How would you feel if you came home but didn't have any family or friends to come home to?"
“I’m assuming there was no fallback plan.”
Steve groaned.
Steve heard the confusion in Peggy’s voice. He asked,
"This is the most real anything has felt in months. Don't say you want to change it just because we are a bit rough around the edges."
If it was anyone else, Steve would have hung up the phone. But Nat knew enough to warrant the question.
"What usually happens—"
Steve used to hate this place. He was so small he'd get lost in a crowd and Bucky got worried sick, like a mom who lost her five-year-old at Coney Island. But now he could simply blend into the throngs of people; tourists, businessmen with more than one stick shoved up their ass, people heading off to visit family, people coming back from visiting family ... Steve didn't fit into any of those categories but it was nice to, for a moment, feel as if he could. He glanced at his watch to see he had fifteen minutes before his date, and it was only a five-minute walk away. He pulled out his phone to double-check the address.
His tiny-ass apartment that couldn’t even hold Tony’s couch. The freezer only half-worked, the shower didn’t heat up, and his queen-sized bed was covered by a quilt that might have been older than Tony.
“That would only make things less convenient. It’s not like the people in my building have easy lives. I don’t want to make it worse.”
Steve nodded.
“Give it a go.”
It was a little cool, but he hadn't eaten much over the past few days and it tasted glorious. He ate at the bar and washed every few bites down with a sip of water. When finished, he opened one of the bottom cabinets to find the trash can. As he tossed away his mess, the recycling bin caught his eye. It was filled with three very expensive-looking bottles of alcohol. The familiar pit in Steve's stomach threatened to open up again, the one Thor had christened, "Guilt."
Dinner.
Steve rolled his eyes and wandered into the bathroom. He tossed his phone into the duffel bag and fished around for his toothbrush with no intent to return that reporter’s call. A week earlier, only three people on the planet had his phone number: Sam, Nat, and Dr. Odinson. Suddenly there was Mr. Hogan, Miss Potts, presumably Tony, and now Jennifer Walters. He was watching his privacy disintegrate in slow motion.
"Yes, you did. I found your Facebook."
is," Steve countered.
After his Saturday run, Steve tossed his sweaty hoodie into the laundry basket. He needed to wash his clothes before Tony got back stateside. He pulled the chair out from the table and figured he might as well rip off the band-aid. He placed a video call to the number on the back of the wedding invitation.
Tony chuckled.
“It’s a request.”
“Let’s be clear about one thing,
Thor’s eyebrows shot straight up.
“Fuck!”
Had he been waiting by the phone? Had Tony been sitting there in his room, wanting to call Steve? He blushed at the thought. Tony looked a wreck, sitting on the floor, button-down undone down to his stomach with his back resting against the side of the bed.
Steve picked up a copy of
"Not always," he said ruefully. "And not everyone is pleased when I do."
“Steve just got an invitation to your wedding,” replied Tony, “and he is sending in his RSVP. Including his very attractive plus-one.”
“I like it.”
"Aw, shit."
“I miss you, Sam.”
Steve didn't press the matter as Tony landed on the bench seat across from him. Literally, Tony plopped so loudly Steve heard the smack of his ass against the bench. Mr. Stark spread out in the booth, pulling one leg up underneath him and leaning against the wall on his left. It made Steve feel rather rigid in comparison. Stark grabbed one of the straws from the holder and ripped the top part of the paper. Before Steve understood his intention, Stark had blown the paper across the table so it hit Steve in the forehead.
Natasha. But if he expected Tony to keep their arrangement under wraps, then Steve felt he needed to do the same.
“I don’t know, but I have figured out what to say now.”
Steve stood up, satisfied that if he wanted his friends to stop worrying, he should show them they had nothing to worry about. Except, Peggy was right. There was one thing he needed to tell Tony before making things official.
"Did you tell anyone else?"
“I’m always here for you.”
“I mean … Something normal?” Tony pulled off his helmet and wondered, “What do you like to get on your birthday?”
Rhodey spills the beans.
Steve couldn’t hide his curiosity when Tony jumped onto the stage and grabbed the microphone. Everyone seemed to lean forward the slightest bit, like Tony was magnetic.
"What?"
“You can’t keep him waiting Steve.”
“Maybe you’re right. One day you’ll have to tell me how you’ve kept this place open and out of corporate hands.”
"Not even a cheeseburger?"
“Steve?” whispered Tony. “That felt real to me.”
Rhodey blinked once, then blinked again.
"Sure, Tony."
“Great.”
“Photographs,” groaned Steve. “God, I hate them. Tony always puts on a mask for cameras. Even when there aren’t meant to be any, he knows everyone has cell phones. He is never fully himself if someone could be filming. On the other side of things,
Steve blushed. He’d heard that once or twice before, but it never ceased to amaze him that he actually ended up with Peggy. Let alone that anyone could ever think he was on her level.
“The 29th.”
"I'm serious, Tony. Are you having me watched or—"
George Michael, Tony.”
Tony pulled Steve from his thoughts. He was surprised Tony thought to ask.
“No, I’m not.”
"I assure you, Mr. Stark, I am perfectly capable of doing whatever needs to be done in whatever position it requires."
Thor was hiding a smile when he nodded.
Steve laughed.
"I know you did something in the army that was so bad even I can't figure out how to access the documents. All I get is a bunch of black redaction lines on stacks of paper."
"It is impressive that you are able to hide so well, Steve. That will come in handy with the press. Eventually you will be asked to comment on your relationship and you'll be noncommittal."
“Sam’s downstairs.”
into your phone.”
"No—"
"I had no idea what you were up against."
Also Tony: Eats the entire pan of lasagna on the way back to Stark Tower.
Kew, Richmond, London
"I have no idea what I'm doing."
“I do. I want what is best for you, and I think the risk of losing your brainpower and range of motion will weigh on you even if it never comes to pass. I don’t want to see you living life in fear of your body betraying you.”
“Because I’m your boyfriend and I want to.”
“I suppose you should keep trying.”
"No,” Steve shrugged, “I am tired. I spent over a decade in the army, all of it in combat units. Guns, bombs, I even had a sword at my throat once. That is a third of my life, and the rest of it was spent chronically ill. At least I was helping people when I was in the Army. Or, well, I thought I was."
"Why would you think to pick me for this?"
"He's been Captain Handsome for eight days, and I'm gonna make that one stick."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Really?”
"Yeah?"
There was so much about this situation that Steve didn't know, and before retiring he hated not knowing. Steve could do it, though, could do something to help get himself out of his shitty apartment and do some good with the money. Steve couldn't think of anything more interesting than the rumpled inventor halfway to suffocating himself on a couch cushion.
"You, soldier, are amazing!" Tony grinned even harder and fell back onto the cushions. "That little stunt back there has changed the entire outlook on my probation."
"Are they so bad?"
“Then let me handle this.” Tony pulled out his phone and dialed the number on the back.
Nat asked, “Was it the turtleneck?”
“Good, then. I need to figure out where and when, but … I want to do it. It’s actually really nice to have someone supporting my choices for once. It’s new and I don’t know how to feel about it, so tell me what you were going to say.”
“Agents Romanoff and Barton are currently located in the kitchen, sampling the range of coffee. Mr Odinson remains in New Mexico with Dr Foster.”
“Right. Let’s not... pursue that avenue. Here.” Ms Potts digs into the pile of towels and digs out a particularly fluffy red one, taller than her as she holds it up to Steve. She stares at it and then down at her slippers and adds, with a resigned expression, “Red’s his favourite colour, would you believe it?”
“Pardon?”
Steve sighs and then, on the same breath, shaking his head, he starts to laugh. “Sometimes I honestly can’t tell whether you’re paying me a compliment or insulting me.”
“But strong,” says Natasha.
Snorting, Clint turns away from Tony and nods at Steve as he approaches. “Captain.”
“You needn’t be so rude to her,” he says. “It’s unnecessary.”
Bruce’s amusement fades.
Steve takes a deep breath. He cradles his hand. He stares down at Tony’s bare, incongruous toes, poking out under the ends of his jeans. “Tony, everyone and everything I’ve ever known or loved or, heck, even just plain hated is gone. Dead and gone. Do you – do you get that? Do you understand how damn lonely that is? I’m done fighting alone. I’m
Clint shrugs, unconcerned, and Natasha nods. She lowers the gun back down to the worktop and raises her eyebrows, leaning forwards on her forearms.
“O – kay,” Bruce says slowly. He runs a hand through his hair and sits up straighter. He’s outdoors somewhere, under a bright blue sky that fills the kitchen with the sounds of birds and insects. “Are we up again?”
Tony is the one falling down into it.
“Oh, I’m sorry, are you feeling neglected? If it helps, technically
“That’s some view,” he breathes.
Tony’s voice is toneless. Steve turns to find him sitting on the torn-apart remains of a desk chair, his hands resting loosely on his knees. There’s a blank kind of look in his eyes.
Steve drops his piece of metal. He can feel the shield drop from his fingers too, the imaginary weight disappearing, the game over. “You were extracting superpowers? What the hell were you
“Stark,” Fury says. “You know how long I’ve been a member of SHIELD?”
things in Tony’s home look as if they aren’t meant to be seen by the general public - so Steve leaves them on the edge of a desk, with a pen on top to keep them blowing away.
someone running.”
“If we hadn’t all been beating up aliens a few months ago, Red Skull would be pretty damn impressive,” Barton says. With a shrug, he adds, “Less impressive now.”
Pepper, touching the edge of the helmet, whispers, “I’ve seen this before. Years ago. Have I really spent my whole life watching you almost die?”
“Seriously, try me,” Tony says again.
“I think even fourth graders could do better. When are you from?”
“Careful,” Steve begins, but Tony ignores him. He’s frowning in concentration and, as Steve watches, he sniffs the gun barrel and then passes the whole gun back and forth under his nose, inhaling deeply.
There’s a flash of movement out of the corner of his eye, but when he looks up it’s already gone.
left on purpose. The shaft had no elevator or ladder, so I had to climb down.”
“So, anyone seen any good movies lately?”
Chuckling despite himself, Steve drags a stool closer and takes a seat, half watching Clint and the Hulk taunt each other and half watching Tony scribble onto his desk – onto, Steve realises, looking twice, a black panel set into the surface of the desk, like a giant computer monitor. He leans in closer for a better look, and Tony rolls his chair sideways to give it to him.
“You offered to buy
Steve tucks the letter under the paperweight on his night stand, mingled in with Tony’s laundry note and memos from SHIELD and a picture of his mom he found on the internet. He looks at the calendar on his wall.
“I just do my job,” he says.
“You made a joke? Captain America: can’t get drunk, can make jokes? And you told me you had no mystique.” Tony waggles a finger at him, then abruptly turns the gesture into a wave of his hand, motioning for Steve to follow him.
Leaning in, not looking up, Rhodey says, “This is pretty big, huh?”
“Oh.”
“The very same.” Fury inclines his head.  “Anyway, to answer your question... I like to think I’m old enough and ugly enough to know when a project has outgrown the organisation that created it. I’m sure a genius like you is familiar with the phrase ‘if you love something, let it go.’”
Beating out a drum roll on the worktop, Barton straightens up, clears his throat, and points at each of them in turn: “Ladies and gentlemen, I give you alien, Russian, hostess politely joining guests, genetically enhanced, genetically mutated. Hungry,” he adds, pointing at himself.
“You’re gonna wanna move the Cobra first.”
“I feel like a babysitter here,” Tony says, shaking his head in disbelief. “You’re giant, muscular children. Here, go nuts, I’ve got another packet. Eat popcorn while you watch popcorn. Who needs the movies, right?”
ultimate Frisbee, right? Never mind,” Tony adds, as Steve shakes his head in confusion, and he spins in his desk chair, pushing a case towards Steve with his feet. “Look, upgrades.”
Steve rolls his eyes, just barely.
“Then I’m sorry I messed up your past.”
I wake up and you’re gone-”
, wasn’t it? And I saw what you’d created, what I had to look forward to, and I waited and
of it. Microfine coating of a titanium-steel alloy,” Tony says, grinning. “Keeping the touchscreen responsive was hell. Took my entire Black Sabbath playlist to fix it.”
“I’ll allow it.”
Steve whips around to see Tony with his hands in his own pockets, his face turned up towards to the sky. A rocket shoots up with a whistle and a bang and a shower of bright blue sparks, and Tony grins.
“Waiting for her to – pass on,” Steve continues, his voice sounding alien to his own ears. “That would have been worse, right? Even if I could have...”
“Our team.”
Call it a monument to bad relationships with deceased father-figures.
That startles a laugh out of Steve. “Illuminating?”
“Down!” Steve shouts. “Everyone get down and cover your eyes!”
fire. His crappy repulsors kept exploding. Idiot was crying for help more than his hostages in the end. Fireballs everywhere.”
Tony lowers his hand again, crossing his arms tightly over his chest. He stares down at his feet.
Thor looks down and looks surprised – Steve biting the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing at the property damage – to see the whole door in his hands. He props it up against the front of the microwave.
“You know, you’re not nearly as funny as you think you are,” Steve says. He picks up a bottle of 2% and examines it closely, while Tony splutters with laughter in his ear. “I couldn’t drink milk before, so I never paid much close attention. It made me sick.”
Tony looks down at the doughnut.
Tony – a second to catch up, his eyes drifting unseeing across the face of the manor. Steve feels the moment when Tony realises, when his arm stiffens under Steve’s finger and his jaw clenches.
Agent Romanoff tilts her head to the side, gazing up at him in consideration. There’s something amused deep down in her eyes that makes him feel like she’s staring at the punchline of a joke.  He hopes it’s a good one.
“This is a new way of doing things. You won’t know unless you try.”
Natasha inclines her head in agreement. She unfolds herself from her seat on the couch, her movements so smooth that even with one hand incapacitated and the other hand full, the ice in her glass barely rattles as she stands. She nods to Steve, quirks an eyebrow at Tony as she passes them by.
“They’d be a liar if they did.”
“Shut up, Tony,” Steve says, pushing Tony’s hands away. He frowns down at his swollen knuckles. “We’ve got more important things to think of right now, anyway.”
“How do I look?”
“Hey,” he says. He looks back up at the skyline before them, then down at the drawing again, and then he nudges Steve in the ribs. “Not half bad. You’ve really caught the, uh.”
Steve says, “Hey, Tony?”
Tony can see Steve’s face, out of the corner of his eye.
The boy looks up. He looks over daddy’s shoulder and right at Tony. His eyes are red and wet, his nose is streaming. He laughs wildly.
Steve steps around Tony, into the room. It must be, he’s almost sure of it, bigger than his whole apartment, with the curving wall on the far side of the room another stretch of the floor-to-ceiling windows he’s grown accustomed to seeing in Tony’s home.
“Stark,” he says, “you brought us a present?”
,” says this world’s Tony Stark.
They look at each other for a moment, Tony’s face unreadable. Tony looks away first, his attention returning to the bundle in his hands. He flips back a corner of the sweatshirts; there’s a flash of gunmetal grey before he inhales sharply, quickly covering it up again and dropping it back onto the desktop.  He stares down at the bundle as if it might explode and he’s looking forward to the view when it happens.
“Okay, well done, that’s enough of that. I’m awesome, they’re awesome, gimme.” Tony plucks Steve’s communicator out of his hands and ends the call. The room falls silent again. Tony, with a relieved sigh, packs their communicators away.
Bruce, still wincing at the fire alarm, shakes his head. “I couldn’t find anything out of the ordinary, but this isn’t really my area of expertise. Once we get the floor clear...”
“You... bet.”
“One of us,” Bruce says, “or
Steve lets him take it.
Steve picks his shield up off the foot of the bed. It warms something inside of him, to hold it again, to tilt it into the light to check for scratches and find it pristine. Steve rubs the face of the shield gently with his sleeve, then he flips it over to check the strength of the straps. He lowers it down onto the floor next to his bag.
, Steve had said, so uncertainly, because Tony’s meant to have a future; Tony’s meant to have Steve’s past, apparently.
“I’m in the lobby,” Pepper says again.
“I’m thinking about it,” Steve says, because there’s no sense in denying it. He can’t deny how good it had felt to be back on a mission again, either. “But it’s still something the whole team needs to discuss. I’m not going over anyone’s heads with this.”
Rolling his eyes, Steve lifts his drinks and takes a sip through the straw at last. He swallows carefully, smacks his lip. “This is disgusting.”
He sets the other Tony down on his old bed in his old bedroom and he kneels down in front of him. The other Tony reaches out automatically to touch the arc reactor glowing through his shirt.
“What kind of a bargaining chip would we need to get at it?”
“Hey,” Tony calls.
“You’re right,” he says, and Tony snorts. “I’ve done reckless things. I’ve fought alone when I should’ve waited for back up, and I can’t say I regret any of it, and I don’t want to argue about it with you.”
“-rather than, ah, ‘forking out on a hotel room the same size and cost of a Lamborghini’, I believe were her words. Of course, I did not wish to offend Tony, so I made haste to his mighty tower to uphold the customs of his people.”
“Listen,” he says, speaking quickly, “you’re gonna have to trust me. Him. The other one. I dunno if I’m breaking the rules here or if my you – future you - had this same little chat, but screw it. Let’s be the masters of our temporally fucked universe, just this once. Trust him.”
“I would have called back up if there’d been something serious,” Steve says. “I would’ve called Bruce back - or Thor, he can fly. So can you. I would’ve called you.”
“Under duress, then?” Steve says.
/program: wakeupnow
He emerges from the bar with four glasses – three contain something vividly yellow with a little umbrella and a curly straw stuck in each glass; the remaining one, Steve notes with a raised eyebrow, is just whiskey. Tony raises an eyebrow at Steve’s raised eyebrow, thrusting a glass into his hands. The whiskey, Tony keeps for himself.
Quickly eating the rest of his doughnut and licking his fingers, Tony tugs the cuff of his shirt down over his hand and wipes at his beard with it.
“That’s weird, right? HYDRA weren’t known for being the shy and retiring, flee at a hint of trouble types, right?”
“He didn’t have anything on him,” she says, “and I couldn’t find any signs of a device or tampering out there just now. Lights didn’t blow out above or below, so it must be on this floor. But,” she adds, with a shrug. “I’m no scientist.”
Tony shakes his head. “Not here,” he says, and he turns on his heel and weaves a path through the small crowd that has apparently formed around Steve. He’s a big guy; when he stops in the middle of the sidewalk and stares up at something, people tend to notice. Perhaps the wrong people noticed. Stomach sinking, Steve quickly follows after Tony through the crowd.
“Captain,” Tony says by way of greeting.
“Hey,” he calls back. “You remember that tiger drawing? When you were, I dunno, ten, eleven?”
valuable stuff to him. Midgardian bonding rituals 101.
The first thing Steve Rogers ever says to Howard Stark, his voice shaking with uncertainty and pent-up emotion, is “Tony?”
Tony’s grin broadens and he pulls his hands out of his pockets, holds his arms out to show Steve. The glowing cufflinks, the strangely cut suit, come rising up in Steve’s mind like the memory of a dream.
“I don’t have... mystique.”
Tony says, “It wasn’t worth it”, and then someone is screaming and Steve wakes up. He jerks upright, blinking in the dim light and rubbing at his eyes. A character on screen is dying violently, but it feels very far away. A part of Steve is still in that other room, watching Tony cry.
“You left me nothing,” the boy sobs. “You left me, you’re gone, you left.”
“I’ve never had freedom fries,” Steve murmurs automatically, but Tony barely seems to hear him, although his gaze drifts down to watch Steve’s mouth as it moves.
“What do you know about breakfast cereals?” he says.
“A magnetic suit,” Tony says. He leans against the edge of the desk and folds his arms. “Itsy-bitsy, teeny-weeny flexible iron filings. For the man who has everything.”
Steve sits, and scrubs a hand across his face, and draws in a deep breath. When he looks up again, Tony is still sitting hunched at his desk, back to Steve, holding onto himself. He doesn’t move while Steve is working his way through his regime of push-ups and chin-ups. He doesn’t move while Steve picks his way through a clammy microwave pizza. He doesn’t move while Steve lies down and goes to sleep. He doesn’t move at all.
’ Barton quickly turns his face away, covering his mouth with his hand not quite fast enough to hide his choking snort of laughter.
“Okay,” Steve says. He lays his hand on Tony’s arm, tugging him so they’re both facing the wall of surveillance. “I’m sorry. But if you’re not fighting in your own way, then why do you have a camera on every street corner? That seems one awful lot like vigilantism to me.”
Tony can feel the chill fill up the space inside his chest. It spreads into his lungs.
“No,” he says, eventually. “He wouldn’t have. He might use it to build an evil robot clone, but he’d want to keep it all for himself. He’d want to keep it safe.”
“Well, I’m glad
“Tony,” the man says, slowly.
Steve is twelve, sprawled on his stomach on his bed, industriously colouring in a tiger’s dark stripes. He coughs. He had his tonsils out a couple weeks ago. He listens to the companionable scratch of Tony’s borrowed pencil on Tony’s borrowed paper, over the patter of the rain against the window.
“Indeed, sir. I have added the day’s results to the main database. The trend remains consistent.”
Around the table, Natasha hisses something in Russian and Clint sits up even straighter. Thor’s expression turns grim.
“Yes.”
“I don’t know,” Steve says. He leans against the wall next to Tony. “Apparently you’ve got magic in your heart.”
Steve takes a deliberate step back, raising his eyebrows, and Tony nods. He shoots Steve a questioning look and Steve nods back.
Tony pauses, his finger remaining hanging in the air before him. “Sculpture or painting?”
“The hydraulics are fine.”
, Tony thinks with delight – and Bruce slides the file partway across the table to her. She has to lean forwards to take it, still frowning at them, and then she flips the cover open. She takes in the first few lines and sucks in a sharp breath, her eyes darting back and forth across the page.
“What?” Steve says.
“Wow, you’re great for my ego. Or terrible, Pepper’d vote terrible. I need to have a time traveller in
“Come, let us feast and be merry with your vodka and baked delights. Now is the time to relive our great victories, not dwell in darkness, for Jane has returned to us!”
Tony smiles at that, softly, as though it’s a private joke. Which, Steve realises with a flush of warmth, it is.
“Come on,” Tony says at last, snapping the lid shut. “It’s time to break Thor and Jane up before they actually fuck on my rug.”
“Doesn’t work like that.”
“It’s possible,” she says.
“I know, I know.”
Tony, the real Tony, standing at a podium before a crowd. It’s a funeral, Steve somehow knows. Tony’s lips are moving and Steve is straining to listen, but someone behind him keeps firing a gun. Sound roaring in his ears. The gun fires again and this time Steve feels it. Hands against his stomach, blood slick. He can see Sharon in the distance, disappearing into the crowd.
“You ready?”
Steve waves, and spots Iron Man halfway through the motion, a hovering trail of light. He waves again. Iron Man loop-the-loops in response.
“Got it in one.” Tony knocks his bare feet into Steve’s. He leaves them there, resting against Steve’s ankles. “I keep building these dumb little robots and, yeah, the clean energy breakthroughs we’re making are terrific and there’s a deal coming up with Wakanda that’s going to be great, but I’m bored. It’s boring. None of it feels like what I’m meant to be doing with my afterlife.”
“Well, I don’t think he’s looking to hire me.”
“Okay, okay. Tracking. Yeah, that’s – that’s a thing.”
Steve mentally rewinds, licking ice cream from his thumb. When he looks up again, Tony is staring intently at Steve’s hands. Steve runs his fingers through his hair and Tony’s gaze follows them.
“Should I see the other guy?” Tony says.
“Wait,” daddy’s saying, “dammit, wait,” reaching back for the other boy with one hand and reaching forwards for Tony with the other.
“Colonel,” Tony says, with a nod.
jobs?”
Tony braces a foot against the table leg and starts to swivel his chair back and forth, until he jars to a halt. He looks down at Steve’s hand on the arm of his chair. Steve is sitting straight-backed, staring up at Fury intently as if he’s waiting for new orders, but when Tony pushes against the grip on his armrest it only tightens, until he can’t swing his chair in either direction.
Thor straightens up from his forlorn slump so sharply he almost knocks his stool over.
“How’d you solve it?”
“What
He hears familiar footsteps in the corridor. Obie sticks his head around the door.
Tony pushes away from his desk and climbs to his feet, because the sensors are as ready as they’re ever going to be and Steve’s pressure between his shoulder blades is growing unbearable.
“That I am. But call me Pepper. I can – I
“You wouldn’t lick an airplane, would you?”
“Would you just let me apologise?” Tony snaps. “I’m sorry you never had a chance, a
Clint whistles lowly through his teeth, lifting his feet up off the stool and swivelling around to sit cross-legged, already reaching out for the gun.
“Remind me to give you a proper tour of the subbasements sometime,” Tony is saying, turning around to face forwards again, his voice and footsteps echoing as he leads Steve deeper inside. “This baby goes deep. And the arc reactor, she’s beautiful, you’ll probably cry a little bit.”
“We’ll know more once he’s recovered from Hill’s foot.”
“What? What do – Tony, it’s three am. I was sleeping. Don’t you have the Google in your telephone?”
“It wasn’t all bad. Actually, mostly it was great,” Steve admits. “Until you and the government went insane.”
“So,” Tony says, dipping his finger into the hummus. “Did you call us here for business or brunch?”
“I didn’t try. It seemed like a bad idea.”
apartment they’re sitting in – kicked Steve out long ago, feels like an achievement. This is progress.
But Tony takes the magnet from him, slowly, and he closes his fingers around it. With a satisfied nod, Steve rolls over and turns back to his tiger. He colours the background in green, adding giant tropical leaves in every shade of blue, and green, and yellow he can find. He hears, after a little while, the scratch of Tony’s pencil picking up again.
“I never said it was,” Tony says, pointing his finger at Clint. “Never said that, actually. Not my fault my legions of adoring fans didn’t check their facts before they named me. Anyway,” he adds, taking a large, messy bite of the cone that leaves chocolate ice cream smeared on his nose, “watch your step, Barton. The Maria Stark Foundation helped fund this project, so I could legitimately tell you to get off my lawn.”
“Congratulations, Captain,” someone says. “You’re one hundred per cent thawed.”
“It wasn’t worth it.” Suddenly Tony is right in front of him, leaning over him. They’re in an empty room that Steve almost recognises.
you do?”
“What – Tony. Are you a
“Right.”
“Identity confirmed: Anthony Edward Stark.”
“Thanks, Mr Jarvis,” Steve says, stepping out. He hears the voice, the computer, murmur, “Not at all, sir,” as the elevator door shuts behind him.
“Can you tell me when I’m going to actually meet you?” he says, after a little while. “Or is that cheating?”
“What do you mean?” Steve says.
Tony looks away first. He refills Steve’s glass with a concentration so absolute it can only be sarcastic.
“Okay, good, good to know I’m not just terrorising random kids. You’re irritatingly vague about where I meet you. Try to grow up less vague this time, okay?” The man wipes his nose and realises it’s bleeding. “Don’t punch me so hard either. You got a tissue? A hanky?”
Steve expects him to leave the room at that, but instead Tony goes over to the work stations in the corner, pulling a small black box out from under one of the desks. He flips the lid.
“At dealing with my... teenaged grief. I remember. You did fine.”
He’s wrapped in darkness. He’s floating in it, as thick and cold and deep as the bottom of the ocean, pressing in around him and creeping inside with every breath. He tries to shout, but his voice makes no sound; tries to touch a hand to his chest, thinking of the light that should be right
When Maria is eight months pregnant and Howard is smoking an after dinner cigar, a man crashes through their dinner table, naked and wet and shivering. Maria shrieks and knocks her chair over, and a maid comes running and begins to scream too, but Howard—
to drink,” she says, voice catching. “And now I am... going to bed. Steve, it was nice meeting you at last.”
“What happened to you?” she says.
JARVIS whirs softly as he collects his data; he’d probably whistle if he could. Tony spreads his fingers while he waits, watching the light between his fingers grow into solid glimpses of the room, the window, the sky. Then he presses his fingers back together so the edges become a dull, red glow again. Then he drops his hand.
“Anyone hurt?”
Tony shrugs. “I like to think the future isn’t set
He looks for the magnet, but he never finds it.
of us?”
Hill hesitates.
“My god, you have a
Tony sighs heavily, rolling his eyes and dropping his hand, and says in a sing-song voice, “No, Barton, JARVIS is 100% cake-free. Now, can we continue?”
“What-”
“Steve?” says Bruce.
workshop. From the past, anyway. I’m probably only
She had turned back to her computer, but at that she looks up again, beaming. “I’d say the same to you, Captain, but,” and she leans across the desk towards him, dropping her voice to a whisper, “I’m afraid Mr Stark is in one of his moods.”
“Sorry.” Steve looks up and meets Bruce’s quizzical gaze. He looks back down at the map again, focussing on the red circle Bruce has drawn in the fork of that junction. “I didn’t catch that. The highways?”
The sun is in his eyes. He touches a hand to the glass and blue light ripples out around his fingers, quickly reforming into a list of – something. Tony doesn’t read it. He remembers the sensation of falling.
“-and, Tony,” Howard says, “I promise…”
“Then mojitos,” Agent Romanoff says. “It’ll be fun.”
“It’s funny, we just thought he was a civil servant, but then all of a sudden he died and all sorts came to his funeral.  The things you learn after they’ve gone, right? Someone from Stark Industries offered jobs to the whole family.” Mr Coulson chuckles a little, ruefully, and shakes his head. “My daughter’s working in the Miami factory now, straight out of college.”
“Still inconclusive,” Bruce sighs – Tony, with his eyes still closed, cocks his head. Only a few feet away. Steve, then, who closed the door. “I think I need a few more days, maybe a week.”
“No,” she says after a moment’s study.
“Yes sir,” she says.
“He was a good man,” Steve says, at a loss.
“I did, briefly.”
“What? No, I don’t – want –”
“Of course.”
Pepper shouts something back that might be, “I’m
“It’s a bit close to the highway though, isn’t it?”
“Well, I - I don’t know if I’d put it quite like that, but... yes?”
“T has friends?!” Peter squawks. He sounds amazed. Steve tries not to laugh. Then there’s another voice in the background, whispering something sharp and too fast for Steve to identity, and Peter mutters
“Banner,” says Agent Romanoff.
“I guess so.”
Hill hesitates. She narrows her eyes suspciously at Steve and then at them all, her gaze sweeping around the conference table while she rubs a finger over her lips.
“Don’t wanna hear it. And that?” he adds, jabbing a finger at the star in the centre of Steve’s chest. “That wasn’t time travel, pal, that was a guy taking a really long nap.”
“No,” Tony says slowly. He’s fiddling with the circuitry in his arm, carefully detaching it and inching it out of place. “I’m human. I’m probably more human than you are, Mr. Serum. Turn that light on, would you? Thanks.”
This time, there’s no doorman, no secretary, no business folk passing by or catchy wireless tune in Steve’s head, although the door still springs open for him when he touches it, too tired to do little more than mumble his thanks to JARVIS. Of course, this city never truly sleeps, and the lights of Stark Tower never truly go out but it’s darker and quieter than Steve has ever seen it before. The sun will rise, soon.
Tony is five, and six, and seven, and eight, and when he hears that other boy begin to cry, he runs and hides until it’s time to go back home again.
“’Kay,” Steve mumbles, closing his eye again.
Overhead, fireworks go off with a bang, and Steve tilts his head his head back to watch them. For once, he doesn’t hear the moment when Tony arrives.
“Certainly, sir. Ms Potts has completed her final meeting of the day. At current traffic conditions, she will return to the tower within twenty-two minutes, assuming she takes a direct route.”
“Aardvarks.”
“I’ll see you later.”
“Is this what the twenty-first century is? Always doubting what people say, never being sincere? What the hell
Steve looks over his shoulder. The crowd doesn’t seem to be dispersing so much as joining the back of the line. “I said the folks from the bank should come along, but I guess everyone else... wanted to come too.”
Steve pauses, casting around for information. He stares up at the monitors. It must mean something. “Central Park,” he says. “Just keep an eye on Central Park.”
“Yeah.”  Tony nods. He winces as a spark lands on the back of his hand, but bats it away without comment. His hands have always been scarred from his work.  “Yeah, that’s what I was imagining, too.”
“Angry,” Bruce says. He wipes his hands vaguely on his bare legs. “And sticky. Mainly sticky, I guess.”
Steve looks around at Tony, and Tony looks back at him. A whole load of mixed-up emotions flash across his face, too fast for Steve to read them, as if he hadn’t known until he’d opened his mouth just what it was he had to tell. Then he nods sharply, once, and clenches his jaw in resolution.
“Don’t ask me how they’ve done it,” Tony says, looping his laces around a finger. “I am a
Steve glances over his shoulder. Tony is standing in the open doorway, backlit against the bright light of the corridor, a shadow slouched against the frame with his hands in his pockets. Steve shrugs again, allows himself a smile.
“Obie,” Tony gasps.
Clearing his throat again, Steve leans forwards and closes the file.
He touches a thumb to a cufflink. He runs his fingers around the face of his watch. Out of the corner of his eye, he watches Steve stand.
“Huh,” he says.
“No, it’s true, none taken. I was born with a giant silver spoon made of other, normal-sized spoons in my mouth, I admit it.”
“Twelve.”
“Well, unless that stick up your ass is a magic wand…”
Tony snorts, shaking his head and picking his pen back up again. “Come on, do I seem like the kind of guy who works on his flaws?”
“He’s already got plenty of HYDRA tech. Remember? You trust him with this one too?”
Tony hesitates. He frowns, lowering his gaze to the skyscrapers.
It’s dark, but the cave is glowing once again in the pallid light of the nanite scaffolding and the legion of television screens. Steve rolls over, craning to look up at the surveillance console. He can make out the dark shape of what can only be Tony, slumped over it. There is a crackling noise coming from the radio.
“Zoom in,” he says. “Can you zoom in?”
He sits down on the side of the bed, rests his chin on his hands, and stares out the window at his city. Bright lights, pigeons. Some things never change.
manage to be in the same building at the same time, you’re so distracted–”
“That sounds swell,” Steve agrees, with all the fake cheer he can muster.
“Just me,” he says, leaning down to fish it out from under the bed. He rolls it between his fingers.
He should probably find another room for the night – the tower is huge, it would be easy – but instead he curls his toes into the bedspread. He leans back against the headboard, and laces his fingers over his stomach, and closes his eyes.
Tony draws in a breath, straightening up and lifting his finger as if he’s about to answer Clint. He hangs like that for a moment, then begins to tap his chin in deep concentration, mouthing the question.
There’s a pause. Steve lifts his head. He watches the man, frowning, scratch at a stain on the corner of the blanket.
“God bless the alien rainbow bridge,” Barton says, their voices drifting off down the corridor together.
Steve feels his shoulders sag. He’s dripping water on the floor. “Darn it. Never mind, I can go... somewhere. Home's only fifty minutes away, and the streets are quiet, so it shouldn't-”
“Yeah, yeah.”
It’s not quite a question.
