“Had to?” I restrained myself from shouting, but only just. “You have never had to do anything, Sherlock, you have never allowed yourself to be told what to do, so please, do not insult me by pretending that this was anything besides your own choice.”
Holmes’ eyes flicked to mine critically at the word. It had been decided long ago that we refer to bodies as what they were; bodies. My tendency to assign them title in conversations with Holmes was quickly addressed. It was no use to remind ourselves what they once were. The soul that had inhabited them was gone, and so the only thing we could do was bury them and give their families peace.
“You foolish man.” Perhaps there was a moment of desperation or fear that cut across Malcolm’s face, for I saw the hint of a smile creep into Holmes’ features.
Lestrade had seemed to earn a certain amount of respect, although Holmes would often rant and rave about his lack of mental capacity. After all of the years that Lestrade had accompanied us on our adventures, it was hard to believe that he hadn’t absorbed any of Holmes’ methods. Even so, he seemed hopelessly lost and set in the Scotland Yard ways.
“Holmes,” said I, breaking the silence that had overtaken us. He stared still, the light dancing in his cold eyes. “Sherlock,” said I. Upon the use of his given name, a word reserved for the most intimate moments, his attention shifted though his eyes did not. He hummed gently in the back of his throat and pawed for his tea, giving it an unenthused sip. “What did you see?” He sighed. It was not a question that he cared to answer at the moment, but it was the only question.
“Given you placed what appears to be one of the remaining Malcom children at both scenes?” Holmes nodded solemnly.
“The law was created to protect even men like him. He may have been a criminal in his own right, but to kill any man, even a killer himself, is a crime.” Holmes spoke low and steady. He was not muddled by anger like Malcolm was. He was focused, the emotion that would surely choke out his voice in any other moment tucked away somewhere. I could not understand this, how he was able to remove his heart so totally from his mind in the times where it should be the most difficult. That was not one of my gifts, but one of his many.
“Where is Holmes? He will want to speak to the brothers.” I asked. Lestrade looked at me strangely, and my heart seemed to quicken in my chest.
“And should I listen to you?” Malcolm spit. “A bugger in your own right? What man of moral standing fights for those so lowly?”
“I believe,” Holmes said, breaking our comfortable silence. “That we must pay Malcolm and his sons another visit.” I nodded, and although the thought of that large, empty house formed a pit in my stomach, I pushed the thoughts away. “You should sleep first,” Holmes said after a moment. My eyes flashed to his.
“Even those killers you so love to capture?” Malcom asked. Another strike. I wished very desperately to split the skin of my knuckles over his teeth.
Leaves in water, water through strainer, water in cup, cup served. Two sugars for him, none for me. It was as simple as walking, as bending my fingers into a fist.
“He was by all indications the same age as Malcom. According to one of the dock workers, he was a ship hand named Fredrick. No surname. There were no rumors that he could be…”
“Then you will be glad to know,” said I, “that I would never allow such harm to befall you.” I said it as though I could guarantee this outcome, as though the world were not an incredibly cruel place for men such as us. Holmes smiled, a crooked, delicate thing.
I was not fooled by this pretense, but it was with a certain amount of glee that I noticed that this act could not continue in the case of my own injury. I had noted long ago the way his long hands flapped uselessly as he attempted to cure my ails with his nimble fingers alone. I have recorded his often vicious reactions upon my harm, his threats of murder, of torture, of dismemberment and experimentation and fates far worse than death. It was, perhaps the way that his eyes met mine. They were usually grey, cold, and steely. When they found mine in fear, however, his eyes were wet and his eyes were blue.
Holmes’s beauty often struck me in the early hours of the morning, when his harsh features are softened by early sun. His sublimeness always comes to me in moments like this. My Holmes has the distinct talent of being sublime in ugly and terrible times. Drenched in blood, his blue eyes are sharp and cold. When covered in dirt and twisted with pain, his skin always appears to be porcelain, and able to cut like any broken glass. When bent out of shape, his hooked nose frames his face in such a startling fashion it feels an impossible feat to look away.
I could not bear to look at him any longer, so I turned my attention to the crowd. It seemed to be mostly folk of the area, dressed in similar fashion to the young man. There were no kindred spirits that I could see this time. No carnation boys, no violet girls. I felt a very strange sense of isolation. Although Holmes was a few meters from me, I felt as though the only creature like me in any way was dead on the dock.
Ernest Malcolm was an old man, nearly seventy years old, and thin as a sapling. He rose as we entered to greet us. Holmes’ face was pictured in the newspapers enough for recognition to cross his features.
“I couldn’t allow him to remain a free man.” Sherlock said eventually. My eyes cut to him as he took my hand in his own. “The thought that there are fathers who are willing and able to murder their children over the simple fact of who they love… it is impossible for me fathom.” He closed his eyes, and a tear slipped down his face. “I could not help but imagine myself as Charles Malcolm. To know in my final moments that those I was to love most betrayed me… and even worse, I couldn’t help but imagine you dead alongside me.”
Holmes did not wake until the early afternoon, by which time I had managed to stitch the cut on his head and shoo away Mrs. Hudson from worrying over him. I couldn’t do that when she was in the room, so once she left, I took up her noble post. I was brushing back the long, delicate curls of his hair when his eyes cracked open, bluer than the ocean. He observed me for a moment, and must have read the quiet anger off of my features, for he immediately closed his eyes again.
“This is a matter I was hoping for your expertise in.” Holmes mused, spinning his pipe in his fingers although it was not lit. I nodded and indicated for him to continue. “The Malcolm estate is heavily staffed. I doubt that they’ll simply let us in without announcing it.”
From there, Holmes, Lestrade, and I proceeded into the empty manor, making our way through the untouched rooms towards the study. I could see the slightest shake in Holmes’ hand. When we came upon the staircase leading up to the residential wing of the house, our party split. With one last glance at Holmes, I made my way up the large staircase. The rooms were large and spread apart. Most of the family had retired for the evening already, and I checked every room for its inhibitance before locking it with the keys given to me by the butler. I was almost done with this task when interrupted.
“-should the court even find his death suspicious, they will hardly believe the murder of a man such as he to be a loss on society.”
“I don’t believe so.” With this statement he returned to the body, observing his head carefully in a way unlike he usual investigation. He gazed upon the boy’s body silently, his long fingers hovering but an inch above his golden hair.
“Watson,” said he, “his effects,” he waved towards a pile of clothing on a table across the room. I acquiesced and began to unfold his clothing in hopes of identifying the young man. His cost was charcoal and finely made, wool strong enough to keep out the winter cold. It was lined with green silk of the same quality as the figure who had fled the scene of his death. The details of that man came back to me in that moment, and as I turned to tell Holmes, he was already walking towards me.
This plan was almost as clever as it was idiotic. Holmes would make a good witness, yes, but only if he survived to see the court.
The young man began to run as I battled through the crowd towards him. His hat tumbled off of his head in his haste, and I nearly trampled it as I gave chase. He did not appear to know the area, although luck seemed to be on his side. The docks were full of dead ends and alleys that cut to the Channel, so it was a wonder that he managed to elude me for as long as he did. His legs were long and he moved quickly, but having been acquainted with Holmes as long as I had, I had developed quite the endurance.
He did not touch his cup as I set it beside him and settled with my own. Instead, he studied the fire with some distant and ferocious focus.
The cane swung clearly down upon Holmes’ head, crashed into his temple with a sickening crunch. Before I could move from my position, he was on the ground of the parlor, his crimson blood beginning to pool in the dip of his eye.
The cut across Holmes’ head, however, did not come for nothing. By positing a question to his capacity, the defense made him vulnerable to political attack. If it wasn’t bad enough that his son was a bugger, he himself was a fool. There passed barely a month before he was forced to resign his seat in Parliament.
“I understand,” Malcolm smiled. “You are too delicate for the procedure.” Perhaps it was the pride before the fall. The accusation hung heavily in the air. Holmes laughed, that same, hollow laugh, as though these were only jests between friends. “And you, Doctor?” He turned his gaze upon me, Holmes tagged out of the match. I would happily take his place.
The blow to his temple was the last, the killing one that ruptured his skull in such a way that much of the matter encased therein was missing. He had sustained many injuries before that, blows to the torso, arms, and legs, breaking bones and leaving bruises that caused pain until the last. If my heart had not swelled in its chamber for this young man before, it did then, the pounding of it deserparete in my ears. I abandoned my duties then, inquiring with Mrs. Hudson about food. It seemed the only thing to do.
“Watson,” He breathed, dragging me to sit with his assistance. I still had in me a bit of water to cough up, and he was waited patiently for my response as he started to drag my sodden coat off of my shoulders, replacing it with his own. When I finally had breath in me again, I spoke.
“Even them,” Holmes replied, unbothered. “If we kill the killers, we are no better men than they are.” A counter with a flourish of pride.
“You, my dear doctor, would defy God and His law for me?” He laughed a soft, musical laugh. I responded with my own.
“I would defy anything for you,” I insisted. I bent the short distance between us and kissed him deeply, allowing all of my fear and anger and hatred to fall away in that moment. When finally our lips parted, I rested my forehead against his. “Besides, what else have we been doing these few years besides defying God?”
“I understand,” I said, placing a hand on his shoulder to help him regain his balance. “I feel quite the same. Let’s return home, then, yes?”
Sherlock Holmes was and is not only beautiful. There belongs in that sentence a much stronger word. Sherlock Holmes was and is also sublime. I have read the writings of Edmund Berk, and over time observing the ways of my Holmes, I have come to subscribe to his philosophy full heartedly. Beauty is a word for soft, mild, and fair creatures. Sublime is a word for the kind of beautiful things that terrify. Think not of spring flowers or the wave of skirts in the wind. Think of the ocean. Indeed, it is a thing of comfort and coolness and salty reprieve from sickness and wound. Indeed, it is also the wicked churning that overturns ships and eats men whole. I have known many women to be beautiful, and only one to be sublime. I have known many men to be symmetrical, to be strong, and aesthetically pleasing. I have known very few to be beautiful. I know only one to be all at once.
“Percival Malcolm. I was-“ something complicated cut across his fair features. “I must apologize, my good sir, for my actions last night. I hadn’t intended to throw you into the river, it just-“
I had made it clear to Holmes that, upon my death, I would be buried far away from London, lest I haunt him from beyond the grave like one of Dickens' specters.
“Well,” said I, “the Inspector will be interested in your testimony.” Percival looked up at me in surprise.
“I’m fine,” He coughed, spitting as he scowled around the putrid taste in his mouth. “I apologize, Watson. I’m afraid our conversation left me quite ill.”
In the end, Ernest Malcolm walked free. Despite Holmes’ testimony, it was determined that he lacked the mental capacity to orchestrate such a crime. The court decided that the brothers had carried out this plot alone.
The water hit me like a sheet of ice, curling through my layers of clothing and biting my skin in vicious strikes. The breath was shocked out of my lungs, and I dragged in one horrible mouthful of brackish, polluted water. I had the instinct to try and push myself up, although my limbs were numb and I had barely any sense to tell floor from surface. There was no light to give it away, and I couldn’t bear to open my eyes against the stinging cold, so I just swam. After a few excruciating moments in which I was certain I was only driving myself deeper into the depths, I broke through the surface. I hacked, spat out water, and I was dragged back down by the force of the current. I hadn’t the strength to wade in the water and try to climb out. In my short second above the water, though, I heard Holmes’ shrill, panicked voice call out;
His short, measured footsteps crossed the small space between us quickly. I opened my eyes to Holmes knelt before of me. His face was twisted imperceptibly, and I worried for a heartbeat that I had offended him with my careless statement. His eyes, still blue, softened, and his warm hand rested upon my cheek.
“There’s not a man alive who you wish dead?” Malcom asked. I kept my eyes level and answered honestly.
“My dear, you forget that we have trespassed upon the most sacred places in England. Why, I’ve watched you pick locks to churches and cathedrals along with palaces and mansions. No, it does not trouble me.” He looked ever so slightly relieved. In Holmes’ work, the law was often broken. Even after all of these years, whenever criminal activity came into play, he would always allow me a manner of escape from the conversation, an amount of deniability. I had landed in a holding cell with Holmes before. I would gladly do it again. Even so, my heart warmed at his care.
“Watson-“ he began, his voice the same as it always was in these moments; tired, vulnerable, apologetic. Perhaps even sheepish, if Sherlock Holmes were capable of such a thing.
There came upon me a numb, quiet panic that rippled through my limbs. I did not answer him, merely turned on my heel and made my way back into the mansion. My feet were light and my revolver steady in my hand as I moved through the servant's entrances and towards the study that Holmes had disappeared into many minutes before.
I led Percival down to the servant’s exit and put him in the hands of an officer. Lestrade wasn’t far off, taking the testimony of the head maid. I caught his elbow in my hand and led him away.
“Sherlock,” said I, “how can we-“ the sound of our front door pouding open startled me away from him. I shot across the room as quickly as I had come, and tried to appear busy despite my shock. Only a moment later, Lestrade burst into our rooms.
Instead of accompanying Malcolm and his sons to the police station, Lestrade traveled with me to assist in Holmes’ care however he might. After placing him in his bed and examining his wound carefully under the light, I was able to determine that it was far less devastating than I had feared. No fractures, no great swelling of the brain. His brow was scrunched in pain and I was sure he would bloom purple across his face come morning, but nothing that would threaten to take him away from me.
The body of the young man was laid out and stripped of his fine suit, displaying the harsh bruises against his translucent skin. Under closer observation, the right side of his head was collapsed, the skin sagging around the displaced bone. His right eye was missing, although I could not be sure whether that was a result of the attack or the morgue. His left eye was green and clouded over, still open.
It was clear that, though he had only risen when I did, Holmes’ mind had been awake far earlier than mine. His sharp features always had about them a sense of contemplation, a constant attempt to categorize his surroundings completely. At times like this, though, when he had an interesting problem to toy with, there was an intensity in his eyes, once again grey.
“I’m afraid so,” said he, “but given the state of his clothing, he never made it.” I bowed my head, feeling for the first time in many years overcome by the tragedy of it all. I had given up melancholy after the war, but it crept into me as I thought about the poor boy who had been left waiting, and what he might have found when he finally stepped out of the bathhouse. My hand, hesitant and frightened, found Holmes’. There they sat, fingers tangled together, as morning stretched into afternoon.
“Charles is-“ his face screwed up painfully “- was my brother. I had to see him. I had to see what I had brought upon him.”
Let it be said that little of what Holmes and I did at that point was chaste. This kiss, however, was not intended to bring heat out of me. It was not meant to rile me up or pull his name from my lips as his clever kisses so easily did. This was comfort, meant only to reassure me that he was there through my cold and my despair. I had to believe that he would always be there. The way his eyes held mine would not allow a different conclusion.
“What business would a man such as he have anywhere?” Holmes mused. “If not Whitechapel, then somewhere with more people, who care to spy into the matters of others more. There, he knew that no one would look at the room once the door was closed.”
What would be a quiet, almost romantic backdrop to our walk was marred with muffled shouts in the distance. News had spread quickly of the young man in Whitechapel, and the fact of his persuasion was of chief importance in these whispers. It was no wonder that a crowd had gathered around a body killed in such a similar manner.
“Please, gentlemen,” He waved towards the fine armchairs set in front of his oak desk. I let Holmes move first and followed dutifully at his side.
The moment passed, as I moved, rushed into the room with my gun raised. I would not squander Holmes’ sacrifice by killing the man before me, no matter how I longed to. As soon as he heard the cock of my revolver, Malcolm blanched and dropped his cane, cowering back away from me. An instant later, Lestrade was bursting into the room with his men, overcoming old Malcolm and placing him in chains.
“What man of moral standing could kill his own child?” There, the slightest hint in his voice. His heart showed through, even as he scrambled to hide it away again. Malcolm took his chance. There was in his hand a thin, sturdy walking cane not unlike my own. He hefted it up, but underestimated Holme’s height. The strike that was surely meant to connect with his temple crushed instead into his shoulder. Holmes did not fall, nearly stumbled to the side and began to circle his opponent. Part of me wished to be comforted by this. Surely this stance was meant for protection. Surely this meant he would guard himself. I would not recognize until later the complacency in Holmes’ muscles. He was determined, he would later tell me, to create the image of a brutal attack. There was no room to explain away defensive wounds, to describe to the court why he, a healthy young man, would strike out at an old gentleman of the Parlement. Damn his stubborn mind, Holmes would not risk the conclusion of his case for something as simple as his health.
“Holmes,” I said after an hour of such behavior, “Sherlock,” I said, since we had finally been left alone by Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson. “There is nothing to do but wait for me to warm up. Sit down.” He seemed begrudged to adhere to my request, but he did after a moment. He folded his long fingers together in his lap. “Tell me what you found out about the boy.”
I took in a deep breath, let it fill my lungs and replace that frustration with admiration and love for the man in front of me. I reached forward and captured his wayward tear along the pad of my thumb.
I was surprised to see, upon arriving at the crime scene, that this was not another well dressed man abandoned in poor conditions. Officer’s of Lestrade’s police were holding back the crowd this time, forming a sort of barricade between the body and the people. Holmes moved like a dog on a scent, immediately stooping over the young man. The body looked, for all the world, to be a dock worker. His hands were calloused and dirty, his boots were hardly made for this sort of weather and I could clearly see where the soles had been repaired time and time again. His clothes were sparse and ill-fitting for the winter. Such a slight lad, he must have been cold.
It was then that I realized; Holmes’ silence was not out of stoicism. It was out of horror, a state I so rarely saw in him that it stirred some great fear in myself.
“Dear God,” I closed my eyes and sunk myself further into the chair. It smelled of him, of his rose hips perfume, of tobacco and decay and warmth. “This could happen to any of us. To all of us.” I bit out a short laugh. “Do you think they’d keep our bodies together? Or would I be dumped upon the Tower and you at Scotland Yard?”
We were led through the maze of the house towards Malcolm’s study. It was full of empty rooms, decorated beautifully with expensive furniture, but every inch of it looked untouched, as though no one lived in the house at all.
The clattering of a candle holder hitting the ground startled me from my slow approach to the second to last door. I spun around, my hand flying to the revolver in my pocket. There stood behind me the frightened face of the young man who had thrown me in the river, of Charles Malcolm’s brother. Those emerald eyes shone in the wavering candle light. He bent quickly to gather it before the flame could scorch the carpet, and by the time that he was righted again, the muzzle of my gun was pointed squarely at his chest. I jerked my head once towards the last room. A question. Yours? He nodded curtly once, and began to move slowly towards it. I followed, never lowering my hand, never losing my clear shot.
“Come, Watson,” said he, “we shall see you to Baker Street and in front of the fire before the sun has risen.
“Mr. Holmes,” said he, his voice as sharp and crude as a razor. “And…” he looked towards me. I nodded and replied.
“Yesterday you had three.” Holmes had begun to look rather bored with the whole conversation. He was moving it along quickly now. “Or perhaps you miscounted. Either way, Charles is waiting in the St. James Morgue.”
“Ah, I see what you mean.” Said he. “Not at all. I am simply opposed to capital punishment in all forms.” The strike was parried, but only just.
“My boy,” said I, “tell me what has happened. Quickly, we haven’t much time.” He took only a moment to collect the breath he would need to speak.
That respect only comes with retrospect, however. During the moment, I was horrified, cold, and angry.
Holmes’ stature always changed when we visited places such as this. I knew little of his familial history at this point in time, but I now know it to be a discomfort with the nature of his childhood and tension with his parents. His back was almost always twisted into a harsh slouch, a posture earned after years hunched over his reading for hours at a time. As we approached the house, his back straightened. He looked rather unnatural then, as though forced to embody a version of himself that no longer existed. I wished to carve the curve back into his spine.
“Please, sir,” said he, “I offer no resistance. I am no danger to you. There is no need for that.” My hand did not shake or waver.
Holmes and I slept through the morning in a quiet haze. I could feel him stir every once in a while, unable to stay calm and still when his mind had such a case to entertain. Even so, every time that I believed he would rise from bed and leave me to keep myself warm, he stayed, curling tighter around me. I had asked him directly, and so he would stay. By the time that I roused completely and was coaxed into dressing by Holmes, it was afternoon. Although I had been known to sleep late into the morning, I hadn’t laid in this late since my first days home from Afghanistan, which I spent tangled in bedsheets without rising for drink or food.
“I’m a young man,” Holmes replied, “I care nothing for politics. You did, however, when you were my age. 1861 was quite the exciting year in British law making.” Counterstrike.
“You were historically young when you first joined Parliament,” Holmes said. “Thirty years ago now, wasn’t it?”
“Oh, Freddy, dear Freddy,” he pressed his face into his hands with a heave of great shame. It was clear to me that this boy was in the midst of grief, and that there had not been a soul for him to tell. I placed my revolver back into my pocket, and stepped back ever so slightly.
Upon the evening, I did not allow him to stay awake, bent over his notes by candle light. It was always a chore to guide him to bed, but I performed it dutifully every night. I wrapped my arms around his chest, pressed my nose into the nape of his neck, an embrace that I would stiffen at if our doors were not locked and our windows not drawn. He would sigh, act as though he were bothered by the whole thing, but reliably, he would give in and follow.
“And there he shall stay,” the words left Malcolm’s tongue as though he rehearsed them, as though disowning his son was a line he had memorized months ago. “He will not be claimed by this family.” Holmes’ eyes met his for a long, suffering moment. Ernest Malcolm had the same eyes as Charles Malcolm. The same, glassy green gaze stared out at Holmes, unseeing.
In my mournful glances around the crowd, I saw a familiar sight. A young man dressed finely, fair hair covered by a top hat. His eyes met mine for a moment, but in that moment, I could see that they were startlingly green. I began to run before I could process the familiarity in those eyes. It would only be later that I would recognize it was the same shade as the eyes of Charles Malcom, as the eyes of Ernest Malcom.
“I have no idea what you are implying, Inspector,” I said, guarding myself and Holmes carefully, “but if I did, I should say that I was rather grateful for your moral standings.”
“I do not appreciate,” said I, “when you decide to throw yourself into danger without consulting me. You know this.” I tried very hard to keep my tone light and soothing, although it was difficult when looking down at the man I loved, injured of his own accord.
“His eyes,” said I, clutching on to the collar of Holmes’s vest. “Like Malcom’s. They were green.” Confusion passed over his fine features for only a breath before it seemed to click into place in his mind.
Perhaps it was the way in which I sagged with relief that spurred Lestrade from his position by the door. He fiddled with his hat, casting his eyes on the two of us, Holmes prone on his bed, I bent carefully over him, tending to him with gentle touch. He looked as though he were struggling to say something rather important as I dabbed away the blood from his skin with the warm water that Mrs. Hudson had brought up. Finally, twisting his cap in his hands, he spoke.
In my few moments of life threatening danger, I could always find solace and joy in the little ways that Holmes reacted to it. Let it not be said that I enjoyed seeing my companion panic, much the opposite. It disturbed me to see a man so usually calm in the face of death and harm melted into a thing of worry and fear. It was perhaps a sick appreciation of the fact that he only acted this way for me. He certainly did and does care for those outside of our relationship, but he approaches their danger with the same cool indifference he carries about him at all times. He explained it to me once, as a form of protection.
True to his word, by the time that daylight broke through the cracks in our curtains, I was stripped, dried, and dressed before being swaddled in every blanket that Holmes could find and set in his chair before the fire. Holmes fluttered about me, adjusting blankets, fetching tea and brandy, pressing the back of his hand to my face to feel for returning warmth.
Our trip to the morgue the following day was inevitable, but dreaded. We both took our time about it, stretching our morning as long as the hours would allow. On any other investigation, Holmes would be out of Baker Street by first light, dragging me along with him. Instead, we waited until mid morning before admitting there was very little else we could do to stall the visit.
The smell of a morgue was one I knew well, but never quite grew accustomed to. Death had to it a strangely sweet smell, and it often stuck to Holmes’ clothes and hair. I rather preferred the scent of his favorite perfume, something with rose hips that he would spray upon occasion. Anything to cover the smell of decomposition that left me sleepless.
I had not given up my crusade to feed Holmes whenever humanly possible, so I pulled him from his work to eat. He still held that stoic silence, although I was beginning to believe that it was something more than that keeping him who was so ready to speak, quiet.
, he’s not only a permanent, underlying presence in your mind palace anymore, but a living breathing warm creature whose directions you have cartographed, and you’d like a lifetime to explore, learn about every inch of him; not from blind fascination, but for practical purposes. The places that incite the most reaction, the ways you can make his body and mind sing and burst into a million shards of colour beneath your hands, your eyes. You don’t think you will get a lifetime for that. A couple of more minutes at most. He freezes like this for a few seconds, while he’s bucking his belt; lost in thought, perhaps trying to figure out what you’re thinking.
The living room is familiar and foreign at the same time with all its edges and its shadows, tamed by years of history. Late-night violin, late-night cases. Boxes full of books, telly and serial killers. John sinks into his armchair, focusing on the warmth of the teacup, allowing himself two entire seconds spent in the blissful, thoughtless comfort of the place that used to be his home.
. When your tongues meet he makes this sound in the back of his throat and his hand in your hair clutches and
“God, yes,” Sherlock breathes, closing the distance between them. They share small, tentative kisses (this is really happening), cupping each other’s faces like they’re holding something incredibly precious (which they are). It’s tender, unfocused, a little tense; uncharted territory. Sherlock’s eyes are closed (John knows because his aren’t, not entirely) and his lips are incredibly soft, a contrast to the sharp sinew of his body. John isn’t surprised that Sherlock doesn’t seem to entirely know what he’s doing. It allows him to take the lead, finally threading with surer steps on a path that he knows all too well- the action and feedback loop of pleasure, the simple, straightforward dance of bodies melding together. He slides his hand down to rest on the warm skin of Sherlock’s neck as he sucks on his bottom lip.
There’s the human variable involved here, not him, but you, and somewhere in the back of your mind you’re aware of all the ways in which you might be distorting the situation, but sentiment blurs clear thought, makes your mind unfocus.
, John’s mind supplies. Who even says something like that in bed? Inconveniently, the words go straight to his groin, setting his blood alight with a fresh wave of lust.
Then there’s Stephanie, the paramedic, and Loraine, her best friend. Half of year. It passes like a dream, the time you spend with them, like there’s a radio show running and you’re somewhere in the background, not transmitting, not hearing anything but steady, comfortable noise. Like you’re missing out on something, but you couldn’t care less, because there is no home more welcoming than oblivion.
‘Don’t be ridiculous,’ you huff. ‘I’m sure Mary would be quite displeased to find out that she doesn’t actually exist.’
There’s concern in his eyes as he walks out the door you’re keeping open for him, but that’s none of your business anymore.
“There wasn’t a single day during those two years when I didn’t think about you. I thought I was craving a hit, but I was missing you.” A shudder runs down John's spine at the words as he feels Sherlock’s voice vibrating in his chest and echoing in his own, a low, heady rumble. This is it, he supposes; the point of no return. “That doesn't mean you need to save me, or always be the sober one. It just means I'll always prefer a life with you than without.”
But Sherlock knew, of course he knew, and now he’s acting all haughty because he can’t possibly envision a version of reality where things don’t end up after his wish. Or… because he trusts you. This thought, as much as the way that he smiles, makes you feel even more confident, as if the world is your playground as long as Sherlock Holmes has confidence that you’ll always keep it clean, saving the day. You’ll happily play into the hero trope as long as it guarantees you his appreciation. It’s ridiculous, you know that, and sometimes you feel like you’re in high-school all over again, all mindless longing and bashful pride, but you can’t help it. He’s too much. He deserves it.
‘I’ve never seen someone like you before,’ John says, and Sherlock feels like he wants to believe him.
“After that evening, I wrote you a letter,” he says. “I had it with me in my session with Eurus, then… I might’ve lost it in the hospital, at Mycroft’s, I don’t know. The bottom line is… God, it was so much easier to write it than to say it.” He looks away, a burst of nervous laughter escaping his throat.
“Sniffing the top of your head,” Sherlock replies dismissively, as if he was stating something entirely obvious. “Isn’t that what everyone does to show affection?”
Mary had known from the start. She’d looked at him like you look at a broken thing. Pity and amusement, dancing in synchronized steps on her face at his run-of-the-mill line-
Silent Wednesday evening; no case interesting enough to catch your attention. You stroll through your mind palace, stumbling upon childhood memories, things you’ve yet to forgive. For all your memories on John, John,
It takes John a moment to catch on.  “You wanted to hear me?” he asks, taken aback. If Sherlock’s deep baritone was enough to transport him- and probably the rest of the planet- into a lust-addled trance, John’s own voice was nothing beyond ordinary.
‘Of course,’ he replies. ‘All the clues were there. But I wouldn’t have deduced it so easily if you hadn’t taught me…’ He falters, looking away.
John thinks, a shiver running down his spine despite himself. “I place my trust in a very limited number of people, and I hope I was not wrong to have confidence in you.”
“This is like cocaine to you,” John clarifies. He notices the uneasiness in his stomach and breathes through it, remembering:
John slides his hands from Sherlock’s knees to his hips, massaging gently, kneading the sensitive flesh of his thighs. He leans in, drags his teeth with torturous slowness inches away from Sherlock’s leaking cock, reveling in the low moan it earns him. It’s torture for him as well, feeling the musky scent of Sherlock’s arousal and the hard evidence of his pleasure only a touch away, but he keeps rolling with it, tasting and biting and caressing every inch of bare flesh that he can find until time seems to have slowed down into a thick, sickly sweet flow and Sherlock is squirming beneath him, his eyes closed and his breath coming out in short, aborted huffs.
“Yes, you are,” Sherlock whispers, sliding his hands on John’s waist, beneath the open shirt. The look in his eyes makes it sound like a confession and a plea at the same time.
John laughs before she finishes her sentence, a steady wave of bitterness coursing through his veins, a soldier’s retreat. He feels his entire body getting ready for flight: rapid heartbeat, shallow breathing, muscles contracting. Ready to run. Not ready to fight back. In less than a second, he’s already planted his palms on the arms of his chair, body half-way towards sitting up.
He found little to do there, and eventually stopped going altogether. He would make his dissections there sometimes, but the attic was a far more risky and thus interesting place for such activities. In the end, he resumed to only visiting the deserted house at the beginning of every summer, to see if anything had changed.
“Stop it, it tickles,” John laughs. He takes Sherlock’s hand in his own and mirrors the touch. Sherlock closes his eyes and lets out a small “Ah” at the gentle contact, which turns into something more when John reaches his wrist and his lower arm.
It might be the most hopeful statement he’d allowed himself in a while. Sherlock seems to understand- he’s looking at John kindly, but also questioningly, as if he’s trying to see if John was only talking about Eurus or if there’s something more beyond his words. John has the urge to look away, to avoid letting that string of hope unfurl to a bitter end.
“Yeah, stop talking now, Sherlock?” John says in a light tone, making his way towards the kitchen. “I was thinking we could do that. If you wanted to,” he adds rapidly. “Playdough. You could show her how it interacts with… whatever you’ve got in here,” he says, pointing towards the warzone that is Sherlock’s chemistry-lab kitchen. “As long as nothing blows up and, you know, you don’t irreparably alter the health of my daughter.”
‘But I know someone who will,’ you smile, taking him out of his jeans. You love seeing him like this, gripping the sheets, making half-noises as you lick torturously slow up to the tip, with his hands in your hair but restraining himself from pulling. He’s talking, saying your name between broken syllables, holding your gaze for a while then looking away like he’s been burned, and it’s all so very John, confusion and quiet determination, that you want to tease him for hours, really make him beg just to see him like this.
“Other times,” he says, surprised at how rough his voice sounds, “I imagine pinning your hands above your head as I bottom out inside you. Feel your whole body pulled taut as a string as I start moving, fucking the tension away. Showing you everything.
There’s a part of you that believes that he would’ve chosen you- believes in it so strongly, that it allowed you to say what you said. It was ridiculous, you realize, to think that you would ever be the first option.
‘I have no idea,’ you say. This crime scene is easy to undo; in a couple of minutes, everything will be clean and clear again, as if nothing ever happened. You both like it dirty. You both like to keep the surface clean, though, still water to conceal what’s underneath.
John alternates between kissing and sucking on Sherlock’s lips and going deeper, taking his mouth with all the thoroughness and patience that he can muster. God, it’s enough to make his blood boil; feeling Sherlock warm and pliant and fiery beneath his lips, beneath his wandering hands. The heat between them is crackling fire, impossible to hide as their erections brush through the (maddening) layer of their trousers.
“Alright, then. Try to go back to sleep, yeah?” John replies, hearing the soft rustle of blankets as he turns around towards the bedroom.
“Yes,” comes the immediate reply. “Thank you. That was… unexpected,” Sherlock continues, sounding more like his usual self.  “Been a while since I had one of these.”
“I promise you, Mycroft, it won’t happen again,” he says. “There are few things I regret more than that day, and I mean it when I say I will use the rest of my time with Sherlock to make up for it.”
“I’d rather not.” He gets up, placing the blankets back on the sofa with more meticulosity than the situation would require.
The floor, unswept for a few days. Clean. There was no one here to disturb the dust. You’re living at Mike’s until you find a new place, swimming through the oblivion of yet another loss. Another betrayal.
His life is splintered in summers and not-summers, and the rhythmic noise of the train is the crossing line between real life and something entirely different, something that he would like to steal and hide in his pocket as a cure for bad days.
He squeezes firmly, giving Sherlock what he hopes to be a reassuring look. He can’t read his partner’s face, but Sherlock’s hand clasps his own in a steady grip.
He spots the deserted wooden house hidden behind a hill. The river is not far. He’d first found it by accident, during one of his usual walks. It consists of a single room with enough space for a bed, a desk and some empty shelves. The furniture is hand-crafted, probably by the owner himself. Considering the dust layer covering the rough wood, it had been deserted for at least one year, and no stranger had bothered to go inside after.
“I was thinking that you took the devil out of me,” John says, his brain unable to come up with a witty alternative and deciding that honesty is the best route. He bursts into full-blown giggles in the following moment and Sherlock joins him after a brief second of confusion. They’re laughing like teenagers again. It’s probably the oxytocin and the vasopressin kicking in.
‘Wrong,’ you swallow, trying to sound confident. ‘About that first thing. I don’t think you were trying to compare me with a murderer. I think you were trying to compare me with a desperate, delusional young woman, who conveniently happened to be gay, when obviously she resembled you more than anyone else.’
John understands Mycroft’s implied promise when he shows up at his doorstep a couple of days after their phone conversation, right when John is leaving to work.
John looks down at his hands, realizing that he’d set down his teacup at some point while speaking and he’d curled his hands into tight, tense fists. When he looks up, he sees Sherlock’s earlier aloofness changed entirely. His eyes are soft, kind, full of warmth. He’s learning forward in his chair, as if trying to get closer on instinct.
“Come here,” John says on a low, casual voice before he can think better of it. It sounds playful and inviting, even to his own ears. The disparity of it strikes him, but only for a second: he’s using his bedroom voice on
It’s not like you couldn’t last any longer, it’s not like you terribly miss him. In fact, a part of you is reluctant to respond, outraged at the way he still seems to believe that you’re at his beck and call, attached to the comfortable predictability that your life has slipped into. But at the same time, after the initial shock wears off, you realize that you’re dying of curiosity to see what’s happening. You wonder what crazy experiment he wants to show you, cut-off toes and all that, or perhaps it’s an urgent case and he’ll have you running around town again, like the old times. As if nothing ever happened, because that’s just how Sherlock works, isn’t it?
‘And you somehow knew of this analogy before you even started working on the case?’ you ask, smiling.
You don’t understand. Your heart clutches itself into a small, pitiful object, a stranger in your chest beating to come out.
“I… haven’t done this before,” Sherlock murmurs with a shaky sigh, closing his eyes and resting his forehead against John’s.
‘Let me know when you find another case.’ You witness his eyes widening, perplexion painting his features, and for a moment you almost believe that he misses it all as much as you do. Soon enough, though, his expression turns from surprised to all-knowing once again, like he suddenly understands.
The few points of contact between them are neon-bright radiance. John’s hands in Sherlock’s hair, his breath on Sherlock’s neck, the naked skin of their thighs against each other, their cocks almost touching- for John, it’s not nearly enough, but underneath him, Sherlock’s breath hitches and his body tenses up. He hits his head on the back of the armchair with a thump as his hands wander, desperate, on John’s neck, shoulders, settling in a vice-like grip on his back.
It feels a little like a shifting dream, too good to be true for more than a passing heartbeat. It’s probably why the words cascade out of John with dizzying speed, as if one more second might mean one more lost opportunity.
Instead, he pulls up to clean the mess on their stomachs with a couple of wet tissues retrieved from the kitchen and he gives thanks to whatever deity is out there for the small mercy of a small sofa that allows them- albeit uncomfortably- to fall asleep, with tangled limbs and lingering kisses, in each other’s arms.
Was killing John a mission Mary had received, or an impulsive act, sprung from the impossibility to be with the one she loved? Was death a better alternative to love? You don’t know, and of course, the audience doesn’t know either. John would tell you that you’re being dramatic, but he is only an absent attendant to the trial, a portrait of neutrality as he speaks.
John shakes his head, covering his mouth with his hand to hide a smile. He feels giddy, entirely unreasonable with the warm glow of affection clawing its way, further and further, into the cage of his chest. To hell with everything. Sherlock had confessed. If this is a crime scene, Sherlock's words have just wrapped it up, bringing years of investigations, false tracks and dead ends to their overdue death.
‘Yeah? Then what is?’ you ask, starting to get impatient. She might have a gun, but you’ve taken one from the hands of stronger and better prepared men before, even without the burning rage brought by deceit. ‘Do you mind telling me why the hell are you pointing a gun towards me, or do you think it’d be all too complicated for my brain?’
‘Yeah. I thought that too,’ you reply, ’but I suppose some things do change.’ You smile at him, not holding back anymore, anchoring yourself to this centre, to this moment that, whatever form may take, will always remain the same. Sure, there’s grief behind you, maybe too much, and God knows what lies ahead, but this, right now- this is perfect. There is nothing in your heart but a silence that swallows past mistakes and floods you with a love you never want to forfeit. It’s too much, too heavy for words.
Does he even know that you’re not living together anymore? You’re silent for the whole ride. He opens the door for you when you get to 221B, holding it while you step in. He’s got that hurt deer look in his eyes, the one that gets to you every time, and the fact that you’re back in this place doesn’t help at all. It’s all ridden with past moments, heavy with their poison.
Eurus was playing their song, years of loneliness and longing stitched together into something both right and beautiful.
You knew there was something wrong, but you didn’t want it to be. Your mind is as good at uncovering truths as it is at burying them.
Sherlock looks at the sketches. They are- they’re quite good, actually. Several drawings of human limbs fill the white page, either in section or as seen from the exterior, in resting position or caught in motion. The anatomy is surprisingly good, though not perfect.
“What I’m trying to say is that… I heard you,” Sherlock continues. “Some things take time to rebuild. But they
“I don’t know,” Sherlock replies. “When I found her at Musgrave, she seemed lost, helpless. Like a child who needs to be guided. I don’t know if I’m the right guide, and if I am, I’m afraid it’s too late for her.”
You look up, notice the blood on her blouse, the terrified look in her eyes as you close the few steps between you and catch her as she collapses. Your heart stops. The pieces of the puzzle fail to fall together; this is only a finale without a plot.
“Yeah. No. I don’t know!” Sherlock says, frustration creeping into his voice as he sits up, almost causing John to fall over. He starts pacing through the room. Picks up his violin, puts it down again. Finally, with his back at John, he speaks.
‘John,’ he says, taken aback. ‘Thank you.’ He nods shortly, a smile playing on his lips, and you can’t restrain yours. The whole silence thing is terribly awkward, just like it was in the morning after you crashed his place (of which you don’t remember much, but enough to cringe at the memory), and god, you miss the times when silence was just silence, comfortable and unassuming.
The sight of Sherlock’s hard length visible through his pants, with the mark of his arousal obvious in the wet spot forming there, turns him on as much as he’d imagined it would, despite years of trying to pretend otherwise. What arouses him even more, though, is the way Sherlock is keeping his hands where John left them as he opens his legs fractionally wider- an invitation, a challenge. His dark, lust-addled gaze never leaves John’s.
“You’re bloody gorgeous, d’you know that?” he says as he straddles Sherlock once again, not unaffected by the charms of one consulting detective, gloriously naked in his armchair, vulnerable and intent. Somewhere between rolling his eyes and flushing a deeper red, Sherlock squeezes a dollop of lube on his hand and finally there’s the heat and slide of their bodies merged, a pleasure so bright that it envelops John entirely, stealing him from the outside world. And of course,
at the same time, so he looks away, heart hammering away in his chest with the contradiction. It feels right and raw, too much gathered between them to hold in one touch of the hand.
A knock on the door; mrs Hudson is asleep and you usually don’t bother to answer the door, but it might be a promising case and you need that now more than ever. Instead of a client, though, you’re faced with a dizzy-looking John leaning against the doorway.
He shouts Victor’s name more than once. He shouts John’s name as well, and sometimes whispers it in the crook of his neck.
“What happened?” John asks, keeping his voice low. Sherlock is spread beneath him like an offering, pale against the dark blue satin of the sheets. Cold (the wind), cold (the sheets), warm (Sherlock’s skin). Burning (the scars). John hears the possessive streak in his own voice, feels the fire (anger, arousal) burning low in his abdomen, centers himself to uncover the worry and the affection beneath them.
‘Yeah?’ you raise your eyebrow. ‘So, what am I thinking about now?’ You’re inside the apartment now. Sherlock lights up the lamp on the table, a tender light that gives the same atmosphere of intimacy that you’ve been used to, as if nothing’s changed. It doesn’t feel right, being here, in this place that you’ve tried to deny with all your being for the last months. It doesn’t feel right, precisely because it does.
‘You’re Sherlock Holmes, aren’t you? And John Watson,’ the girl says. You wonder if she’s on something; she looks like she’s in a completely different world. ‘I’ve read about you.’
And with that, you feel him tense up again, his muscles rigid beneath his skin against you. You didn’t want to make it sound condescending. You didn’t want to ruin the moment, but the bitterness in your chest couldn’t be silenced.
When they get back, Sherlock moves the desk so it faces the room, while John watches him in disbelief. Sherlock sits on the bed.
“Sometimes you’re adorable when you’re trying to think,” Sherlock says with a dopey smile, cupping John’s face with long (clean) fingers. John’s hands are sticky with their shared release, so he decides that the best revenge is to wipe them on Sherlock’s neck, which turns out to be a terrible notion of payback. He ends up with his fingers in Sherlock’s mouth- wet tongue and velvet lips licking them clean- and a spiking desire for a refractory period that would allow him to put something else in Sherlock’s mouth as well, right the fuck now.
‘Oh. Were you now?’ you ask, half skeptical and half amazed, because overtly pointing out the good parts of someone is hardly characteristic of Sherlock, especially if said someone is a murderer.
They’ve managed to remake about half of the living room, the bathroom and some of the kitchen. The wallpaper design, the sofa, the table aren’t too far off from the originals- Sherlock knows the right people owning the right vintage furniture businesses, of course- but many of his things have been swallowed by the fire, making the place look empty and eerily new.
“Jesus, Sherlock… “ he breathes out. His chest feels tight, full of something both desperate and blooming. He didn't sign up for this. It's all-encompassing, crushing the last remnants of his resistance and turning him into a raw body with a raw heart, ready to love. He did not sign up for this. Did he sign up for this? When he chose to start this conversation, when he moved in with a brilliant madman on a whim, years before?
“John,” Sherlock says, his voice steady, his gaze unfaltering. “You gave me more than I could ever expect from another human being. Your friendship, your loyalty, your care, were… more than I ever thought I would receive in this life.” He looks away. “You have experienced terrible loss and grief, right when you thought you’d had enough of it for a lifetime. Is it not normal to expect an imperfect reaction?”
“God, I missed it,” Sherlock says, voicing John’s thoughts as they’re both catching their breaths. They’re back in the flat, leaning on the wall at the bottom of the stairs, the semi-obscurity in the hallway not enough to hide the giddiness on their faces. “A good old serial killer. Barely a 3, mind you, but I’ve been parched.”
You don’t dare approach him at the end. You watch him exit the building, take a cab to an empty home once again. Last time, too, you were the author of his loneliness, the one who destructured his life, leaving him raw and open. But you’re alive now. God, you’re alive.
It’s the one remaining piece of the puzzle, after they’ve started rebuilding their lives in 221B, filling the air with laughter and tension and adrenaline when it’s time to do what they know best, steadying themselves in the joint construction of their shared life where nothing and everything is new at the same time. It makes John giddy, it sobers him up- his Sherlock, his Rosie, his family, so beyond what he’d thought he deserved that he sometimes wonders how come he’s not still at the bottom of that fountain, struggling for air. It’s the last piece of the puzzle: the woman who’s pushed Sherlock to the breaking point and almost destroyed him, a constant presence between them even as she’s locked up, miles away.
“So? Say it anyway,” Sherlock replies, looking straight at him with those piercing eyes. John feels a shiver run through him, a tiny spark of barely-there pleasure. He remembers the army, his commanding officer, those times when similar blue eyes bore into his with a heady mix of resolve and kindness.
You take him in your mouth up to the base and he doesn’t hold back anymore, starts pushing up, fucking your throat with rapid moves, and this isn’t goody-two-shoes, sweater-John, this is the man who makes your blood burn through your veins more than cocaine does, the one who fucking
‘Hi,’ she says weakly. ‘Well,I guess that’s that…’ She sighs, placing her book face-down on the dirty floor. ‘It’s a horrible book,’ she smiles, having noticed your gaze. ‘Did she ask about me?’
, loneliness distilled and turned into your drug of choice, just like before. it’s paradoxical how he is the only one who doesn’t make you feel like an alien, since your eccentricity stands out the most when compared to his human heart. but somehow, against all odds, he manages to bring you to his level of warmth, he makes you feel almost human. you don’t know how to live without it. you don’t.)
And this, John thinks as he slips his fingers through Sherlock’s one more time, is exactly who they are.
“John,” Sherlock whispers, his warm breath dangerously close to John’s ear, doing things that John would rather not think about, not yet.
John learns how to make dissections and even though he is slower than Mycroft, he’s very perceptive.
You wish you could delete him sometimes, you really do. But that would mean losing the very foundation of your life, and you’re afraid it would all crumble to dust if he were to disappear. And besides that, why would you give up on the best thing that’s ever happened to you?
As summers pass, the spark in John’s eyes shapes into something else entirely. Sherlock finds himself thinking again, and the once silent moments of pencil-on-paper lose their calm and become unbearable. The air turns thicker. In those moments, they rarely look in each other’s eyes anymore.
He looks at you, confusion, then exasperation visible on his face. ‘I was simply trying to point out her innocence, despite the committed crime,’ he says.
And now, he wants Sherlock. He wants his mouth, his neck, his cock, his mind, his heart. There is no single part of this man that he would not have, and the immensity of his desire is both a weight and a relief.
Sherlock is no longer in his chair. Instead, he’s bridged the gap between them, crouching in front of John.
- hits him as heart-wrenchingly domestic. He plants a goodbye kiss on Rosie’s cheek. He resists the urge to move a mere few inches to the left and repeat the gesture with Sherlock, choosing to briefly nod towards the detective instead.
There will be an epilogue later on. Until then, thanks for reading, y'all! Comments make me happy :)
John narrows his eyes, idly tracing the cold metal arm of his chair. They did this now, he supposed. The talking, the honesty. No more beating around the bush. John knows this from his days in the army: when there’s shared trauma, it’s difficult to keep up with old feuds and petty dramas. Words become clearer, cleaner- sharper or softer, depending on the case.
He’s standing where his sitting chair used to be, looking confused, like someone took all the furniture from his childhood room and turned it upside down.
‘Probability, John, not luck. You, as well as the thief, seem to have failed your statistics class. What is the probability of owning an aquarium big enough for a
‘Oi, don’t be like that,’ you snap. You supposed the time would come when you’d take the defense of the criminal instead of Sherlock’s, because he’s simply that annoying. Is he implying something, bringing you along for this particular case? You clench your fists at your sides, trying to calm down. You should’ve known. Things are never easy when it comes to Sherlock. ‘You solved your case, now let’s go.’
“Now, John,” Sherlock commands, grabbing a fistful of John’s shirt and pulling him close to clash their mouths together with an intensity bordering on roughness. John can hardly argue with that (not that he’d want to), so he slides one hand in Sherlock’s curls, tugging lightly as he presses their bodies together. They moan in each other’s mouths when their erections meet through the thick fabric of their trousers, the pleasure so incandescent that John thinks he might burst from it.
‘Sherlock!’ Mycroft shoves him back and picks up the book. Sherlock is only short of landing on his back, and his brother’s sharp look tells him that he wouldn’t have minded, not at all.
When you open the door and she waits with a gun pointed to your head, eyes cold and unfaltering, you almost feel relieved.
“God, your voice,” John says appreciatively. “I always wondered how you’d sound in bed. Tried not to.”
“But that’s my problem, not yours.” Sherlock’s fingertips are ghosting on his neck, his lips, the scar on his shoulder. Teasing, caressing. This is like a drug for Sherlock? John can work with that. He can definitely, whole-heartedly work with that. “I like
John gladly accepts it. He laughs affectionately, almost surprised with himself, mirroring Sherlock as they both sink back into their chairs. He feels a little lighter, a little clearer, now that his mistakes are out in the open, known by himself and by one of the two people who matter the most in his world.
“Yes, he is,” John replies, straightening a little in his office chair. It’s not usual for Mycroft to call him directly instead of showing off the many ways in which he has control over the British world, so John supposes that something has changed. Not much hasn’t, since Sherrinford. “You probably know that we’ve started rebuilding the flat. He’s… keeping busy. Still shaken, but it gives him something to focus on.”
“Yeah,” he says, taking a deep breath- a white flag, a victory-, relief and exhaustion washing over him as he sinks into the armchair once again. “I guess not.”
He calls Lestrade and in an hour you’re back on Baker Street. He doesn’t question your destination, doesn’t even consider that you might want to go back to your apartment.
After the violent rush subsides you become aware of all the points of contact between you, of how much you’ve missed this closeness that lights you up no matter if it’s a supernova explosion or a quiet star imploding. It morphs more into the latter now, when you stop once in a while to look in each other’s eyes, guessing more than seeing, taking your time for a gentleness that you haven’t allowed yourselves before.
If he’d been reluctant to meet Sherlock’s gaze only minutes before, John realizes that he can’t stop looking now, years of avoidance, tension and unbridled loyalty alchemized into the taut, invisible line connecting their gazes. There’s desire there, woven tightly with a whole lot of affection, and John can’t stop smiling as he takes in the flush spreading on Sherlock’s cheeks, breath by shaky breath.
. More than that, the warm gleam in his eyes and the way he smiles with unbridled affection reveal that he knows the exact trajectory of John’s fleeting identity crisis- and he gets it.
When Sherlock leans in to plant a kiss on the corner of his mouth, he can’t contain a laugh escaping his throat, pure, ridiculous joy running through his veins. He feels giddy like a teenager.
John smiles despite himself, remembers how easily Sherlock had killed. For Mary. For him. He would do it again, no doubt. Or would he? Would John deserve that anymore?
You meet a few days after, on a rainy morning in Tesco. Something warm pools in your chest when you see Sherlock trying to find the right brand of milk, something like nostalgia, something like the world gone wrong. You’ve had trouble not thinking about it since you crashed on Baker Street, because that must mean something, right? People make mistakes, but you’ve spent enough time with Sherlock to know that they’re rarely arbitrary.
And a part of you wishes you could just listen to him and make things easy again, like when you were a child and he baited you out of your hiding places telling you how the east wind takes the frightened ones first, how feeling makes you less awake, less prepared.
“Holmes, many things have changed, but your appalling self-preservation instinct is not one of them,” John replies in mock outrage.
Summer is a kingdom and they are not allowed to take any souvenirs when they leave, except that Sherlock has more than he can count.
They decide that the crime was righteous defense, with a bit of help from Mycroft. You expose the entire case in court: how Mary was working for Sebastian Moran, only getting close to John to get to you. Moran suspected that you were alive and assumed that at some point, you’d go back to John, so he hired her to keep an eye on what was happening. Unfortunately, Mary fell in love with John and she refused to comply with her boss’ orders anymore, which was what the little game with the fieldmines had been all about. Moran had wanted to prove Mary that John cared more about you than he cared about her. He had completely missed the point: she already knew.
It’s quiet and earth-shattering and absolutely gorgeous. His hands are shaking where he’s still digging his nails painfully in John’s back, his entire body a taut string pinned safely between the armchair and John’s body. Sounds: a strained sigh, a whimper and John’s own breathing coming out in rapid huffs, his voice repeating Sherlock’s name in a trance with the little air he has left while he holds him through it, shuffling closer to stroke his own length hard and rough. The contrast between the earlier deprivation and the pressure of his unrelenting hand makes him dizzy, hurrying his orgasm. Other sensations: wet warmth as Sherlock is spilling himself on both of their stomachs, tension building with alarming speed at the base of John’s spine, making it enough to pull twice, three more times before it hits him violently, playing his body with rapid, halting shivers. He comes with a groan all over Sherlock’s stomach.
“We can think of turning 221C into a new bedroom,” Sherlock says one day as he’s flipping through the burnt pages of what used to be his
“Tell me,” Sherlock says, low baritone echoing on John’s lips. “I want to hear it.” He’s using his come-hither voice, as if he could sound sexier than he usually does without even trying- and, to no one’s surprise, it’s working.
‘I wanna fuck your pretty little mouth. That sounds good, hm? Want you to feel me in the back of your throat and choke on it
There’s nothing shy or tentative about it; you meet halfway like storms colliding. You kiss him like there’s no air left in the world and you need him to breathe, one hand resting on the nape of his neck,
‘I want you,’ he articulates slowly, hours later, when everything has quieted down,‘to leave me alone. Now. And forever. Stay away from me, Sherlock, do you understand?’ He sounds determined, but his eyes tell a different story.
“I prefer to rely on my doctor for such matters,” Sherlock comments, and he sounds almost coy… until he speaks again. “While I take care of the rest. You know, the blood-pumping adrenaline, the thrill of the chase, the actual detective work.”
(Everything that is not straight roads, confining lines, known locations. Everything that is worth it.)
“Nonsense, John,” Sherlock replies. He’s aiming for dismissive, but he ends up sounding breathless instead. “You’re ravenous about 70% of the time, if we account for your insatiable appetite even in the middle of the most complex cases. Clearly, your appetite extends beyond the stimulus of my body.” His breath hitches just a little on the last word, in time with a particularly insistent press of John’s thumb.
The thug’s standing in front of you, arms crossed to his chest. He looks too dim-witted to have come up with all of this, with his small, empty eyes and crooked smile, but now he’s enjoying it as if he was in charge, which you suppose he is, because he is the one giving you a choice.
he means. You sure as hell hope he’s got a better plan, because the thug’s holding the remote in his hand and you know he can kill the three of you with one press of a button, and frankly, this is not how you’d always wanted to die.
When Lestrade lets him work with the police, he is forced to pick himself together again. Something is finally happening.
Sherlock freezes. He blinks, looking like John has suddenly grown two heads, and opens his mouth, shifts slightly in his chair, then closes his mouth again. He’s gripping the arms of his chair with more force than it would be strictly necessary, brows furrowed in an (agonizing) attempt to understand.
Sherlock had stolen approximately thirty percent of his cake. John remembered something an old girlfriend had told him. She was a psychologist. They hadn’t lasted long. She’d said-
‘Do you believe that there is a purpose to all of this?’ Sherlock asks while they are lying down, faces towards the sky.
John sinks into the hug, wrapping his left arm around Sherlock while he’s holding Rosie with his right. He allows himself to feel every ounce of comfort and safety that the moment offers- the three of them, alive against all odds.
Sometimes, he finds small animals and brings them back home, to the attic. One time, Mycroft found him taking a lizard apart and even though he’d feigned disgust, Sherlock had known that he was interested. They started doing dissections together and, unlike most things that include Mycroft, this felt… nice, as if they fit together well, like two different sides of a coin.
“In my bed, I mean. In my bedroom. To sleep.” John mouths a curse, hoping that the dim light is working in his favour and Sherlock can’t read his expression. He’s afraid of what the detective might find there.
For a long while, the room is silent, except for the familiar scrape of pencil on paper. Sherlock feels like he is out of time, and it’s wonderful.
So, beyond the remains of whatever self-preservation instinct he had in the first place, he looks back.
You’ve been to war. You know that these kinds of choices don’t leave a man whole no matter which path he singles out.
In the still-spinning room, he registers Sherlock taking his pulse with one hand and holding his phone in the other. Probably calling Lestrade for the therapist in the airing cupboard, John thinks absently, hoping she’s still alive, then he dozes off again.
“John, you don’t need to feel like you owe me something,” Sherlock says. “I did what I needed to do.”
‘Let’s go home,’ Sherlock says, heading towards the exit without looking you in the eye. ‘This case is closed.’
‘The landlady, of course,’ he starts. ‘Classic chambermaid romance. She killed her landlord because she was in love with his wife. She wanted to protect her from him. He was becoming more and more abusive, isn’t that so?’
“I only hope that what transpired between you at the hospital won’t happen again,” Mycroft continues with the slightest hint of threat in his voice.
She knows that if she’d arrived in your life when Sherlock was still in it, chances are she wouldn’t be your wife now. She knows, and yet she knows that the universe is not careless enough to allow for these kinds of misfortunes, so she’s quietly proud that she’s met you at the perfect time, a pride that infuriates you and makes you adore her in the same time. She knows who you’d have chosen if the both of them were on terms of equality, if neither would’ve been advantaged by time or circumstances. She knows, and yet you still don’t know, and it drives you mad.
Before John gets a chance to panic at the thought, Sherlock buries his nose in his hair and… sniffs? the top of his head. John blinks, as if awakened from a reverie, then pulls back slightly in surprise.
‘You’re wearing clothes. Why are you still wearing clothes-‘ he says, pulling out with a sudden realization and coming down on the floor to help you undress. So much for the bed. He takes both of your cocks in his hand, grinding against you harshly, and you come so hard that you’re left shaking, burying your face in his neck to muffle out the noises. He follows you, cursing loudly. You stay there for a few moments, kind of leaning against each other, listening to your heartbeats slow down.
‘Oh, shut up,’ he laughs bitterly. ‘Guess I brought this on myself, eh?’ Then, after a few seconds, ‘What the hell are we gonna do, Sherlock?’ You part, cruely brought back with your feet on the ground. There’s nothing similar to embarrassment between you anymore, but instead there is a dilemma, and you’re usually very good at solving those.
The world goes still: vicious earthquake against a volcano erupting in slow motion, now half-silent with the aftershocks before their bodies sag against each other, melded together by skin and sweat and come. Breaths ghosting on neck or shoulder or lips. John’s mind has gone pleasantly hazy.
He takes his hand off Sherlock’s cock, plants both palms possessively on the armchair at the sides of his head.
‘Obviously,’ he says. ‘But you were her heart. I… don’t know what would’ve become of me if I didn’t meet you, John. Perhaps I would’ve ended up in an abandoned building too. Alone. Delusional. You made me believe that I could have a heart, and I think it might’ve caught on,’ he says. The hint of drama in his tone, the way he can only be sincere while pretending…it makes your chest ache with affection. ’She was me, but her kindness is something I’d never hoped to have until I met you.’
years ago. I’m only adding the missing details. Still need to collect data,” Sherlock muses, turning John’s palm face-up and tracing every line with the tip of his pointer.
. The person who has dedicated his entire life to Sherlock’s protection knows that John has beaten him bloody in one of the moments when Sherlock had needed him the most- and he’s right to doubt him. Mycroft’s words echo the cold weight in John’s stomach, the nausea, the twitch in his hand as his muscle memory betrays the imprint of past violence.
They reach his grandparents’ mansion, and the earth becomes uncomfortably stable again. Sherlock feels disappointed. The train ride is always the best part of every summer.
“Human, remember?” he says, and John is dangerously close to being convinced, even as the tenderness in Sherlock’s gaze threatens to overwhelm him. Sherlock hasn’t abandoned his research, his hands now exploring John’s neck at a leisurely pace, barely-there touches on his Adam’s apple, beneath his ears, at the nape of his neck. John’s breath catches in his throat when Sherlock kisses his brow, his cheek, his nose, his chin, little pecks that feel a little like being kissed by a fawn. Which has to be, at least partially, true.
You wake up sometimes, in the middle of the night, his face in front of your eyes like he’s hovering above you, right there, waiting. Questioning.
“Of course you are, but you’re having a panic attack, yes?” John replies, his voice even as a part of him is secretly amused (and charmed) by Sherlock’s eternal stubbornness when faced with the unknown. “You need to control your breathing, activate your parasympathetic nervous system so your body stops feeling like it’s under threat,” he says, hoping that the explanation will appeal to as much of Sherlock’s rational side as he can access right now.
He leans in to leave a trail of open-mouthed kisses on Sherlock’s neck, on his shoulder, on his collarbone, taut skin pliant under his tongue as he gets closer to Sherlock’s heartbeat. He wants to taste it. Elevated pulse, insane rhythm, Sherlock’s hands raking through his hair as John circles his nipple with his tongue and then opens his mouth around it, biting softly.
They spend most of their summer together, and when Mycroft is asking him where he is going, Sherlock feels embarrassingly proud for having acquired a secret, and with it, possibly a friend.
“Mmm… literally, no. You know me, I’m too careful for that. Metaphorically? Yes, but it wouldn’t be the first time.”
“Look, just listen to me. What I did back there, it wasn’t good. I should’ve never… hit you like that. Yes, I was angry. Yes, I was scared.” He meets Sherlock’s wide-eyed look. “I was scared, Sherlock, because for a moment, I thought we were doing… that thing again. That thing where you tell me that it’s all a lie, a game, then you disappear for two years making me think you’re dead.”
‘Mh-hmmmmm,’ you hum, trying to ignore the hardness in your pants, the way you’re going mad with the desire to feel him in your throat.
- doesn’t alarm him anymore. Instead of coiling in a tight, tense rope, threatening to suffocate, it’s glowing, radiating outwards. He brushes his thumb on the hard skin of Sherlock’s hand, a monument to the Work in all its vices and virtues, and smiles.
“You’ve just seen her yesterday,” John smiles. “I left her downstairs. Mrs. Hudson was really keen on letting her play with chocolate cookie dough, for some reason I can’t fathom.”
He pulls him back into a kiss, biting his lip. They get each other off clumsily; neither lasts long, but it’s new and fascinating and it makes his blood hum in approval. Everything ignites and falls into place. John moves his hands over Sherlock’s body and Sherlock understands how it feels to be alive.
“Don’t thank me, you git,” John huffs. “I put you in the hospital, then you almost died because I somehow decided it was time to throw away years of friendship. Because I was hurt- as if you weren’t. I didn’t
“Sh... “John laughs, giddy with affection. “No, it definitely isn’t,” he smiles. They still haven’t let go of each other and John is looking, really looking now- the ivory angles of Sherlock's cheekbones, the tempting line of his lips, his impossibly dilated pupils. His head is swimming a little with the unlikeliness, the strangeness of it all. Sherlock knows he's looking. He can't stop.
John looks at him questioningly, takes a tentative step closer and keeps moving as Sherlock’s expression starts shifting from surprise to understanding. He brushes his hands lightly on his waist, towards his back, stepping close enough to feel Sherlock’s body heat through his robe, but not enough to fully embrace him. Sherlock freezes.
‘Shouldn’t have overestimated you,’ he says, one corner of his mouth turning upwards, obviously enjoying himself. Something inside you bursts. You feel like your whole system has been waiting for this moment for a long, long time, careful restraint to be opened into reckless abandon.
You know he’s going to regret it, yet you can’t seem to make your brain work enough to stop. Like…cocaine, cigarettes, murder; a trigger that keeps you wanting more and more. You can pretend with the best of them, but when you let feeling slip behind your composure, it’s all gone. In those moments you’re not entirely yours anymore, and it’s both a burden and an immense relief.
It’s unexpected, like an earthquake on a quiet summer day. Your heart suddenly jumps in your chest, making the day’s work seem trivial. You rub your palms together; they’re sweaty, as if they’re trying to tell you:
‘Don’t listen to him, John,’ Sherlock tells you from afar, his voice carried by the biting stripes of wind. ‘Whichever of us you choose,
The memory of those interminable nights, self-portraits in cold sweat and terminal, desperate meaninglessness, crisis (or lack thereof) etched in his trembling hands as he was begging for a quiet sleep that refused to come. Before Sherlock. After Sherlock’s fall. After Mary’s death. John has tried to forget them, mostly successful when Sherlock was there to drag him into the whirlwind of his erratic days, mostly failing when he wasn’t.
to do? You almost went and got yourself killed, you lunatic! You found a case- the most complicated case you could’ve picked- and tried to solve it while you were entirely off your tits on drugs!” John feels the anger rising, traveling from the pit of his stomach to the tip of his tongue. He wants to pack it up in a concentrated form and send it directly to Sherlock’s brain- his brilliance, his utter stupidity. “Did you ever think for a moment that you might not make it out alive?”
“I heard you,” Sherlock says, a little sadly, and John’s heart swells with affection, regret and something indescribably different, hot and cold and hot all over as the world spirals in and is simmered down to the wet points of contact between them.
‘Too late,’ she replies softly, lowering the gun down until it levels your heart. You jump to take it from her, but there’s a shot before you can reach it. A moment of surprise; first, because you hadn’t expected her to really do it, no matter what twisted game she was part of, and again it’s all unfolding too quickly, before you can grasp any shard of truth and try to stitch together a bigger picture. You are being shot by the woman you love, and as usually, you are clueless as to what’s really going on.
be rebuilt. And I want you to know that I’d like to. Rebuild them with you, that is. As much as it’s possible for us.”
“I’ll keep going. To Sherrinford,” Sherlock says on a low, almost hushed voice, and it sounds like a love confession. He’s close enough for John to feel the huff of his breath- tea, crackers, the bitter echo of smoke. It brings up the memory of how it felt intertwined with his. “Mycroft and our parents will come too, eventually, if… she responds well. You can come too. I’d like you to.”
It’s John’s heart as well, with nowhere left to hide as he unbuttons Sherlock’s cuffs and kisses his wrists, one by one.
“What? Where am I wrong?” Sherlock asks, looking scandalized, not seeing how he is finally, gloriously right.
But you just can’t get that thought to make a home into your heart. ‘Perhaps it would be better if we didn’t see each other anymore.’
John keeps thinking of how Sherlock’s strong body goes soft in his arms at night, how he wants and keeps wanting more every time their bodies shift closer on their separate orbits. After years of blindfolded, suppressed desire, one afternoon had been enough to break his defenses down and open the floodgates. An accidental touch of the hand, a turn of the head to reveal the pale column of Sherlock’s neck, their bodies occupying the same space, shared warmth and movement- they all make John’s day a fantasy from beginning to end, part of it gloriously fulfilled (Sherlock close to him, Sherlock’s heart in his hands without hiding), part of it a constant thrum of unfulfilled desire coursing through his veins (their hips, snapping together; Sherlock’s mouth on his cock, Sherlock moaning under him as he opens him up). It’s ridiculous, John thinks, to want someone so much. Entirely unreasonable for his age.
It feels like the most intimate thing they’ve ever done- Sherlock on the edge of John’s bed, taking off his shirt to replace it with a dry one while John slides under the blanket, turning on his side. Sherlock lying down, first on his back, then on his side to face John. There’s so much space they could occupy separately, yet they choose to look at each other, heads resting on their arms, toes almost touching.
Sherlock gives a curt nod. They sit in silence in Greg’s car, John sinking in the chair in the limits of decency while Sherlock looks outside the window at the blurring, dusk-tinted landscape. His spine is tall, his shoulders squared. John wonders about the tension gathered there, imagines smoothing it out with his fingers. He would be gentle at first, then he would let his hands feel their way through, methodically squeezing every drop of stress and strain out of Sherlock’s body. His girlfriends had told him that he gives good massages. Would Sherlock agree?
“Ok. What I want to say is that… I’m here, too. For you. If you’ll have me. Your sister killed your best friend. You repressed the memory and spent the rest of your life thinking you didn’t have a heart. It would be crazy if this were easy for you. And me? I’ve made my mistakes, and God knows I’ve been a terrible friend and a bloody awful doctor while at it. I’m bollocks at this, Sherlock. But I want to.”
He opens up, still wearing his pajamas even though it’s midday. There are dark circles under his eyes, a blank expression greeting you from another world. You think you’re letting pity slip out through your mask, even though you wish you wouldn’t.
He walks through the fields under the summer sun and it’s tedious- at least if there were some mountains, secret passages or forests that he could explore, summer days would be less torturous, but there aren’t. There are just fields and a river and Sherlock learned them all by the end of the first summer- every sweep of a hill, every turn of the road, every name of every plant and tree and bird and their characteristics. The river and its winding, the dams where children gathered to bathe and play, the trees that he could climb to see the plains unfolding at his feet, confronting his mental map with the concrete relief to find, without lack of satisfaction, that they were the same.
Within the seclusion of Baker Street, I had expected Holmes to let loose the torrent of anger I knew he was holding within himself. This outrage was a particular talent of his. He could call forth a great surge of emotion as soon as our door was latched, letting out strings of curses and foulness I will not record here. This anger was never turned on me nor a person of any decency. It was reserved for those men that he dedicated himself to hunting with the patience and passion of a hungry fox.
“Young,” he said, “very young. No more than 20. Well to do, a fine family. A signet ring on the little finger of his left hand said as much. A fighter, if the blood and dents in it are any indication.”
As it turned out, Lestrade was indeed needed for this endeavor, much to Holmes’ displeasure. While Sherlock Holmes was indeed a man of justice, he was not by any means a man of the law. If he could have conducted his work without ever speaking to another police officer, he would happily take the chance. The knowledge that the men he so often had to rely upon in his investigations would just as soon throw him into the jailhouse for his queerness was something that weighed heavily on Holmes, and he regarded most of the law men we worked with with a healthy amount of caution.
A moment was long enough for Sherlock Holmes to communicate many things. His eyes were clear, and in them was that feral instinct that washed over him in moments of chase. And in his eyes was caution, an urge for me to stay back. I did not know at the time, but there was very little to implicate Malcolm himself in his son’s murder. Holmes’s plan was foolish if not effective, like many of his plans are. He was a reputable witness, and should Malcolm strike out against him when confronted with his son’s murder, then he would admit guilt through his actions.
Holmes healed nicely, leaving only a fair scar just below his hairline. His curls would bounce and cover it most of the time, but as with most of his scars, he didn’t care to hide it away as a thing of shame. He was proud of that scar in particular. It was the one that had brought low the man who, in his opinion, was the most wretched of all. It was a scar of victory, and a scar of revenge for Charles, for Fredrick, for himself, for every carnation man and violet lady who walked the streets of London in fear. One less monster hid in the dark, hungry for their blood.
“Mr. Malcolm,” Holmes greeted, his voice pleasantly blank, “what an honor to meet you,” the flattery did not break Malcolm’s concentration. He stared intently at Holmes, as though trying to peer through him completely.
The steady rustle of my hair by his breathing remains to this day, the only thing that can lull me to rest even in the most dangerous of storms.
“Dear God,” I replied, “you mean to say that it was his brother who did this?” Holmes shook his head minutely.
“We’re alone,” I huffed. “For God’s sake, Sherlock, if you do not begin to take your own health into account, then I fear you will not return from one of your impossible cases.” It was a thought that often haunted me, a dream I had night after night. My Holmes, made into one of the pale and bloated bodies that we observed. He winced, not in pain but perhaps in pity or guilt.
You will understand, then, my Holmes, that I was so enraptured by your sublimness that I was struck dumb for no more than a moment.
That musical laugh lulled me away from the danger of the night before and into the safety and warmth of the new morning.
He was quiet for a long moment, laid prone in his bed. I sighed, my frustration leaking out of me very slowly.
The sea air did much to clear my senses as we walked across the dock, Lestrade hurrying our leasurly evening pace. We had gone on occasional walks such as this, when Holmes was kept awake deep into the evening by his constant train of manic thought. It hardly bothered me to accompany him, at first employing the excuse of offering protection to the dangerous district. It is embarrassing to admit now that I would use this even when the both of us knew that Holmes required no protection of any kind. For some time after meeting him, my companion had seemed to me very fragile. He ate infrequently and slept even less, and his tall, thin frame made him out to be an unstable structure, ready to fall in the wind. I learned over time, however, that there was strength hidden in his limbs. He was fast, cunning, and deadly in a fight. Although I had my military training and my gun at my disposal, I have not been disillusioned to believe that Sherlock Holmes requires my protection for a very long time.
He rests his hand heavy on Sherlock’s back, letting it slide up and down in a soothing motion. The fact that Sherlock lets his guard down around him, even after all that’s passed between them, amazes John to no end. Before he realizes it, he plants a small kiss on Sherlock’s head, holding him tighter.
You’re running through the muddy streets at night, followed and following, when a bullet passes two centimeters away from his right temple. You freeze for a second, your eyes glued to his; contemplate the alternative, worship the outcome. Time stills when you realize that the rosy option might not always be the one that comes alive; days flow downstream as rapid as fire, seconds gather in the past, tick-tock, tick-tock. What is alive today might be gone by tomorrow. It might be the adrenaline speaking, or maybe you’re just sick of waiting, but it suddenly dawns on you that the universe isn’t lazy, not at all.
The confession steals the air right out from his lungs. It should be nothing, really- Sherlock had expressed his affection, even his love for John before -
‘I thought I told you,’ he says on a raspy voice, then clears his throat. ‘I thought I told you to leave me alone.’
You get lost in petty murders and the occasional demanding case, in cigarettes, in cocaine, anything to make the days flow faster. What are you rushing towards? Yeah, there’s an aim, a final destination, but he has exiled you. There are no other gates to open, nothing new, lest you want the waters to flood you.
“So you’re saying that…” John starts, startled by how weak his voice sounds. He clears his throat, feeling the tangy taste of metal in his mouth. Blood, the muzzle of a gun- simple, straightforward.
Sherlock’s gaze is open, vulnerable. He doesn’t seem to make any efforts to disguise his fading panic, his weariness, his affection. John allows himself to think of how, in different circumstances, Sherlock would be exactly the type of person to wear his heart on his sleeve- entirely, whole-heartedly human, unafraid to show his kindness. He would be? He is. John looks back, finally feeling that this, here, is real; that in his own broken, fucked-up way, maybe he still has something to offer, and he is willing to do so if Sherlock wants it.
Sherlock steps forward and leans over his shoulder to find the object of his attention- a sheet of paper filled with pencil sketches- and the boy jumps.
It shifts on the day when they’re done with the living room. John paints the wallpaper with a replica of the old smiley face and Sherlock puts a hole through it, this time not out of frustration, but as a fond memory of it.
‘No. No, they don’t,’ he replies, looking at you. ‘My heart was always in the right place, since the day I saw you. There are some things that never change.’
“Hello, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft says, smiling his half-amicable, half-plastered smile. To his credit, he doesn’t seem entirely displeased to be there. He’s wearing a café au lait suit with a buttoned-up shirt beneath, an outfit that makes him look significantly more… human. It’s an unlikely picture; family business, then.
“Far less than I’d anticipated,” he drawls. With his eyes still closed, he traces the line of John’s arms, takes John’s hand and draws small circles on his wrists, touches his fingers one by one, as if he’s mapping them.
Sherlock must read it all on his face, in his tone, because his expression changes from uncertainty to realization to hunger and in the next second he’s smashing his lips against John’s once again, sliding the shirt off his shoulders and touching and
- there was something familiar and comforting about her distance. She seemed miles away from him, even when she was listening. She felt like home.
“Because Mycroft is the alternative, and as much as you’re making progress towards brotherly love, I doubt you want to be around him right now.”
The house is an imposing Victorian construct that would scream sobriety and cold comfort, if anything of its appearance transmitted something else but quiet, crafted restraint.
Eventually, you meet someone. Her name is Tara. She’s a small brunette with an unruly bob and fast, darting eyes. She works as a pedicurist. She loves basketball, How I Met Your Mother and talking a lot. She’s young and superficial and almost too much at times, but the sex is amazing. You honestly can’t tell what she sees in you, but you’re not wondering much. You just let the days flow, let her drag you out of the house to bars and movies and even out of town for a few times until you find your desire again. She loves traveling, wants to raise enough money to move to Spain, where some relatives of hers live. You think of going with her, starting it all again. Why not? There’s nothing waiting for you here.
Part of you misses him like hell. Part of you would jump to hug him if you saw him right now, but luckily, that part is quieted down by shock. You didn’t really think he’d stay away forever, did you?
“John, I said go!” he says, his tone frustrated, but not sharp enough to be mistaken for anger. “Please,” he adds in a weaker voice. He looks years older than he’d looked mere minutes ago. His eyes are weary, vulnerable. They’re asking for something, but John doesn’t understand what it is, and he doubts that Sherlock himself has access to that information. The detective’s cheeks are still flushed, but his body is that of a scared animal- disorganized, trembling, working against him. Trying to protect him. From what?
He starts looking for danger, if only it could relieve the excruciating boredom, the routine of breathing , the monotony of staying alive.
You’re not wrong; he acts like he’s last seen you yesterday instead of one year ago. He storms out of the apartment as soon as you get there, grabbing you by the coat and shouting for a taxi. He only looks outside the window during the five-minute trip; you only look at him. His hair is shorter. The curve of his chin, his cheekbones, his long neck, sheltered by the collar of his coat- they’re all unchanged, and you wish you could see his eyes, show him yours so he can see how all the rage melted into affection. You think you could hug him right now. Of course, things aren’t that simple, so you don’t.
Clouds painted in grey hues, heavy with the promise of rain. The subdued hums of car engines, interrupted by the occasional roar. Passers-by, passing by and minding their little lives, not unlike their own. Nothing seems askew on Baker Street. However, today is different, because 1. John had just cried in Sherlock’s arms earlier on in the afternoon, and 2. They’d had cake.
“If you want to,” he says, not even sure about how he would finish his sentence if he felt lucid enough to see it to its end. His heart is beating wildly and he feels light-headed, entranced somewhere between
John smiles and shakes his head as Sherlock holds his hand in both of his larger (shaky?) palms. Just holds it, no superfluous movement, no attempt to strip the moment bare of what it really is. It makes John want to run and hold and
“When you died is when I realized I’d loved you all along,” John says simply, finding his breath. He’s using one hand to prop himself up so he can look into Sherlock’s eyes- light blue, hazy and entirely transparent with affection. The words flow with ease, lighter than he’d ever expected. “I asked you not to be dead, and swore that I’d tell you if I ever got the chance.”
John raises his hand, urges it to speak for him. After a second, he gives up and lowers it back, curling it into a fist on the soft arm of his chair. He focuses on the sensation. Anchoring, simple- unlike this.
She leaves you after two months. You read about it on her blog, how she managed to cross ‘being with someone famous’ off her to-do list, right after ‘kissing in Paris’ and before ‘flying a parachute’. You laugh quietly. You don’t feel bitter at all. She was good for you while it lasted.
When he’s put the pieces together, you find her in an abandoned building, reading a book with a cover that is too worn-out to keep the title readable. She looks up at both of you with wide, curious eyes, adorned by dark circles underneath. Her frail frame and her washed blonde hair give you the impression that you’re looking at a child.
You can’t help but laugh affectionately, remembering body parts, something different every day. Like the daily news- fairy macabre, but far more proximal. The incident probably primes something nostalgic huddled in your chest, because otherwise you would watch your next words more carefully.
about him. This has never happened with anyone else before, and that’s exactly why you avoid the thought, washing away the panic in the comfort that his touch, even though remote, brings you.
You both speak at the same time, your voices merging into a hollow echo. You look at him expectantly; it’s almost comfortable, slipping back into the role, giving him the occasion to shine.
, you don’t have a room for him. He’s an undercurrent, an accent that tints all your memories bright and alive with both lust for life and quiet heartache. You find him in the silent retreat of the attic in your old mansion, where you used to play as a child, in the interludes between the other kids’ insults and derision, in the bright rush of cocaine, in the comfort of dreamless sleep. Here, in the empty halls of your palace, he is the canvas where your life bursts into colour.
John finds himself hoping that this small act, this confession makes it less probable for Rosie to find out about his past in all the wrong ways in which he could replay it.
“The purest, most concentrated solution, and a thousand times better. I want to make it last forever,” Sherlock whispers. His breath is ghosting on John’s ear and his long fingers are tracing John’s areolas, dipping lower to run through the smooth hairs on his belly. John’s breath catches in his throat at the attention, the air between them thick with a languidness that hadn’t been there moments before.
At the same time, he knows how Sherlock feels about her, how his heart (cracked and broken and stitched back together with drugs and self-abandonment and hours over hours of work) somehow found a way to expand impossibly further, finding a place for her. It’s one more thing about Sherlock, he realizes, that he’s come to admire. And because of this fact, because Eurus matters to Sherlock, he supposes- in a strange, off-kilter way- she matters to him too.
“Chair,” John breathes, pushing Sherlock towards his usual sitting place as gently as he can before straddling his hips. Sherlock looks dazed, glassy-eyed, but the affection in his eyes makes him look more sober than John had ever seen him. His surrender lights up something primal in John’s blood, a desire to take him even further, to see him come apart at the seams; the bare honesty in his eyes, in his shaking hands, in the thirst with which he kisses back, make John want to shelter him from the world in a cocoon of gentleness and praise. Between the two, John dances.
He clears his throat, blushes, looks away. Suddenly, the air around him feels too oppressive to be distilled by words. He feels Sherlock’s warmth inches away from his skin. He wants to get closer almost as much as he wants to run away.
He feels the tension slip away from Sherlock’s body as a contented sigh escapes his lungs. Warmth pools in John’s chest, bittersweet gratefulness for having the privilege of holding such a brilliant, mad, wonderful human being in his arms and of calling him his… best friend? his partner? Gradually, he allows his thoughts to melt into silence, his world to shrink down to the points of contact between him and his Sherlock as his body relaxes into their shared warmth, lulled towards sleep.
He doesn’t know how much of it is growing up with open eyes to the moments that make life great, and how much of it is John, but he does have a hunch about it.
“Don’t worry, John, I talked to Mrs Hudson and she can babysit Rosie for the day,” Sherlock says, brushing past John and slipping out the front door.
‘Bed, now,’ he growls, probably in response to the sound you just made- you’re not sure. You take his hand and lead him to your bedroom, try to slow things down, kneel between his legs- he looks down at you like you’ve just hit him in the face, and you can’t hold back a smirk.
You immerse yourself in your work and waste the rest of the day until it starts becoming less and less unbearable. Like a weight you’ve been carrying on your shoulders for days and it stopped being a hindrance, because it’s already a part of you. Life has become this clean, simple thing, divided between work and telly. You read sometimes and you go out in the weekends with a bunch of old friends who make you feel like a normal person again. Average. Content.
Whoever came up with the little scenario in the field, they didn’t want you. They were playing sentiment. They wanted John, or perhaps…
Sherlock had jumped because he wanted to save his friends. His kindness, his self-sacrificing streak had been there even as John had left the lab at St Bart’s, calling him a machine.
He goes to John’s house and instead of John, he finds a young couple picking cherries together. They laugh. Sherlock feels betrayed. Hateful.
“I understand that Sherlock is being taken care of,” Mycroft says in his usual curt tone, one that doesn’t entirely work to hide his weariness.
“I don’t know, do I?” Sherlock replies with feigned indifference, but the challenge in his voice is more than clear.
They take each other’s jackets off in a frenzy, but unbuttoning their shirts is more complicated work. It forces them to breathe, to open their eyes, and in no time the frantic rhythm they’ve been building up shifts into something more fluid and intimate.
But more than that, the anger, the undefinable anger of being here right now, as if you truly wanted it, and furthermore, the dangerous thought that maybe, just maybe it’s really what you desire. Behind it there’s the grief for her, the confusion, the hurt, silent beneath your skin, yet digging a steady riverbank.
Sherlock sleeps for fifteen hours straight, even as Rosie wakes up and starts crying, her shrill voice loud enough to wake an entire regiment. Even as John opens the window, letting some fresh air in alongside the noise of mid-day London, Sherlock’s eyes stay closed, his body curled into a fetal position as much as the sofa allows him.
- that there’s a place carved out in this world for you, that there’s a space where you’re appreciated and loved, and not by anyone, but by the man you hold the dearest. You wouldn’t have dared to think about this. You didn’t believe that it was a possibility that could bloom into concrete.
“Thank you,” Sherlock replies. The affection in his eyes is bare and overwhelming and John can’t do much else but look back, again and again, the warm touch of their hands the only anchoring point in a rapidly shifting universe. Paradoxically, the feeling he was afraid to be consumed by- if he stopped and looked at Sherlock long enough, if he really allowed himself to
There’s nothing but contempt for this small man sitting in front of you with the world at his feet, as if he’s the one who owns it. He might. But he is done owning you.
Three weeks. Four. Baker street is emptier that it used to be when he lived with Mary. At least he didn’t have a choice back then. Now he does, and he is doing nothing about it, and it’s somehow ironic, isn’t it? How, for a brief time, you thought that him being single again would be enough to guarantee something, even though you’d had years of evidence that it didn’t. How he only wanted you when it was wrong.
It was easy back then, taming down sentiment and holding it tightly, only letting it surface when you were too desperate and you had to: give yourself to the urgency of unknown hands in foreign alleys, shut yourself in your apartment and get high, or dance. Dancing was always the mildest version of it, and you’ve fooled yourself into believing there was nothing but mathematic precision in the smooth flow of movement dissolving into movement until you first danced with someone who really mattered, and you found your heart again.
“No, it’s just that… “ John laughs, a short, nervous sound. “Yeah, actually. Yes. What you did, Sherlock. It was… “
The owner- middle-aged, seeking a quiet life, but obviously not quiet enough to completely cut himself off from civilization, hence the chosen location. Most probably male, since women hardly dedicated themselves to such a steep life. Sherlock had scowled- not enough data. Extensive research needed. The bed was worn out, frequently used. Not an occasional residence, but a permanent one. No objects left behind. No intention to return.
And that other evening, when suddenly you managed to close your palm and hold it there, for the briefest of second-
It’s barely a whisper, but it sends a chill down John’s spine nevertheless. He pulls back immediately, removing himself from Sherlock’s chair, and crouches down in front of him, steadying himself with one hand on Sherlock’s knee.
When they enter the cell- neon lights and empty walls, white over white- Eurus’ eyes immediately settle on John and on the place where his hand meets Sherlock’s. A cold chill runs down John’s spine at that look. Detached, clinical, a (mad) scientist’s perspective. He wouldn’t mind as much if it wasn’t directed towards
“Where’s Watson?” Sherlock asks as soon as John opens the door, letting the violin fall from his shoulder as the melody comes to an abrupt halt.
It’s warm and unexpected, the way he wraps his arms around you. You feel shielded, secure; you give in to the feeling, hugging him back. You remember your childhood days, trying to hug Mycroft only to get rejected every time, or at best hugged back with a cold, automatic gesture. Your parents were never too fond of physical displays of affection; they, too, lived more in their minds than in their bodies. After years of draught, you feel like something just gave in,
The kitchen table, where the sunlight falls in the morning through the checkered pattern of the window gate. You had her here once, in your second day after moving in. The sink, where you would fight about who’d do the dishes. The tiny room upstairs, used as a deposit room, but soon to become your first child’s bedroom.
John keeps drawing him and Sherlock is surprised to always find a new interest in his eyes, sparks of admiration at his every feature. An artist’s admiration for something that he could never recreate himself; a doctor’s clinical fascination at human anatomy. Something more. Friendship; trust. Joy, humanity. A closeness that Sherlock always finds endearing, and that he always welcomes, like cool water in arid deserts, like words to a man who spent a little too much time alone.
“Then I’d take you in my mouth, work you slow and deep, let you catalogue every flick of my tongue, every slide of my lips in that bloody brilliant mind of yours. Except you wouldn’t, because you’d be so past the point of thinking that you could only writhe under me as I watch you unravel.”
“It’s about my dad.” Sherlock’s expression doesn’t change, so John feels encouraged (well, not discouraged, at least) to continue. “I know how this sounds, and this is precisely why I avoid talking about it. I don't fancy myself a victim of my childhood.”
After Sherlock returns to London, they don’t speak until the following summer. It’s a silent agreement, a vow made to preserve warm summer days as files in a collection album, unstained by the dun colours of real life.
‘Wait,’ you tell him twenty minutes later, still alive, heading for home in a trance. It’s evening and the alley is hidden enough; people shouldn’t talk. There’s tension buzzing through your veins, high-strung and electrifying, a swan song to this waiting game you’ve been playing for years. He looks at you; for a second, there’s confusion and disbelief, but it only takes him another blink of the eye to catch on. It’s not like you don’t always look at him like that, but now it’s focused, condensed, your longing with a life of its own; he knows the physiological signs, he can tell.
He’d loved her for understanding what he wasn’t ready to accept, for loving him in spite of it. He’d hated her for loving him in all the wrong ways. The lies (her past), the bullet (Sherlock’s chest), the lies (leaving him and Rosie), the bullet (
‘You were about to die, how did that make you feel?’ you ask Sherlock one evening, at the end of an exhausting and mostly fruitless day. You keep thinking about that night in the field, the terror that gripped you at thinking you were going to lose both of them. You want confirmation that it was real, that you weren’t the only one who was afraid.
“Yes,” Sherlock pants. “I heard you. You wanted to say how you want to be the only one in charge of my pleasure. You said something else.”
John shudders against his better judgment. He takes a deep breath, inhaling Sherlock’s scent- peppermint shampoo, warm skin, the slight trace of sweat.
would be laughable, a cheap plaster over the wounds that John has inflicted on him time and time again.
Sherlock’s eyes are blown wide and his lips swollen from kissing, his open shirt exposing the pale skin beneath. He looks more debauched than John has ever seen him and downright
has shrunk his bigger-than-life personality and turned it into something else. Something that he needs to control, to repent for, to slowly suffocate in a treacherous hospital room.
You only call Mike because there’s no one else that you can get drunk with, and by the end of the evening the whole world’s smudged its edges and your blood feels as sweet as candy floss. You find yourself taking a cab to 221B. By the time you realize you don’t live there anymore, it’s already too late.
When they meet again, the house is physically unchanged, but it feels strange. It feels like a home.
‘I meant myself.’ You look into his eyes, as dark as the room around you, but piercing, unforgiving in their confusion. For a moment, the world stops, but then he breaks the contact, looking away and clearing his throat.
“Mm, don’t underestimate yourself, John,” Sherlock smiles. John has the unexpected impulse to swat his arse. For now, he just files it away for later analysis.
“I’ve never felt so ravenous in my life, do you know that?” he murmurs, taking advantage of Sherlock’s exposed neck and leaning in to suck a small bite there. He gasps against the skin when Sherlock runs his thumbs against the scar on his left shoulder, caressing, pressing slightly. “And here you are, making me wait.”
‘I live nearby,’ he answers. Obvious. ‘You don’t live far from here either, judging by the mud on your shoes. You come from a middle class family. Your mother trims your hair herself. You keep your hands at your back, so you’re used to taking orders, but your eyes say passive-aggressive. Your family doesn’t approve of your interest in art, so you come here to draw. What they don’t know is that you don’t want to become an artist, but a doctor. Interesting. Why don’t you tell them?’
‘’Ello,’ he greets you. ‘Think I lost my keys, will you…’ He gestures vaguely towards the room. You open your mouth to be the Reasonable One once again- even though you know that you’ve long lost the right to that position- and remind him that Mary’s home, meaning that losing his keys in no way forfeits access to his own apartment, but he’s already in before you can say a word, making you realize a bit too late that what he said didn’t mean what he said at all.
‘I want to draw you,’ John tells him one day, while they are both sitting on the river shore. Sherlock scowls.
You throw up on the bathroom floor, thinking of her blood on your hands. The next day, you’ve already sold the house.
He’d messed up. He suddenly feels cold all over, pulse hammering away at the realization that the man in front of him has been hurt, again, by his doing, again. John shouldn’t have let his heart and his hunger loose. He shouldn’t have spoken to Sherlock, out of a sudden, as if he had any right to his past, to his heart-
“You’re teasing me,” he murmurs, sliding his hands down to grip John’s arse and holding firmly as he’s rolling his hips in slow, undulating movements. “I love it. Don’t stop.”
This is, it turns out, less simple than it has ever been before. John runs his fingers across the silky skin of Sherlock’s neck, his jaw, his lips. Settles it on his chest, where his heart is thumping wildly, and kisses him again, this time allowing his hunger to get the best of him as he tastes and sucks and bites. It starts building up slowly and ends up a frantic rhythm that has them opening their mouths to each other, John’s thigh sliding between Sherlock’s long legs, bodies pressed together insistently. They both moan into the kiss when their tongues meet, sharing heat and breath and sound, sharing- finally- the parts of them that they’d kept hidden all along, while their bodies inhabited the same space and their minds played the same frenzied, adrenaline-fueled game.
It feels like lightning after soft rain, intensified by the way Sherlock looks at him through half-dropped eyelids. Intoxicated. Thirsty.
With the gun at your temple, you don’t think there’s much left to do. You take a second to curse all the bad choices that led you to this very moment, when your skills mean nothing in front of the possibility of losing the two people you love the most. Taking a deep breath, you close your eyes and start walking.
‘It’s only teasing if I know what you want and I deny it to you,’ you say. ‘What do you want, John?’
‘Family tradition, I suppose,’ Mycroft replies, and his lips curl into a malicious smile. ‘Not that you would know.’
All the moments that you could’ve triggered, strings of possibilities never stilled into reality, left oscillating between presence and absence- the way he looks in a suit beneath your furtive glances, the way he gets all bossy when he pulls rank, and then all the times he almost gave himself away, because you could never dare assume anything about his feelings, but the attraction, it was always there. All the moments when you could’ve taken advantage of that, but you didn’t, because it was never the only thing that you wanted from him, and those other things were always too incomprehensible to you to risk losing.
“I’ve never been with a man before,” John pants against Sherlock’s mouth, steering both of them in the general direction of the fireplace. It seems relevant to acknowledge it and to say it, at this point, both to himself and to Sherlock. Saying it out loud brings back the visceral awareness- fear, clenched muscles, a frisson of panic running through his chest- of why he’s been ignoring this part of himself for so long, but with a deeper breath doubt fades away, replaced by nigh unbearable warmth and desire as he straddles Sherlock in his chair.
“Jesus,” John gasps, baring his neck instinctively. “Yes, you’re my first, thank God for that pleasure.”
Sherlock stares, blinking into the half-obscurity of the living room, his normally tamed curls sticking out in all directions. An ambulance siren is wailing distantly on the streets below.
He finds Sherlock on the living room floor. He’s kneeling on his blanket, with his eyes glassy and his chest heaving. Sweaty curls are sticking to his forehead and his mouth is open; he’s gasping for air. John kneels down, his attention narrowing on the man in front of him as a sensation of calm, focused determination washes over him.
John only wants to picture it, to save it for bad days, because it triggers a pang of affection and a sense of rightness that he can’t explain, as if this portrait of domesticity is the manifestation of his wildest dreams, which he knows it isn’t. He had a family, a home, a life with Mary and he was unsatisfied, terminally bored, desperately needing an adrenaline fix. What would make it different now?
The following year, the house isn’t there anymore. There is a construction site- someone bought the terrain and a mansion is being built instead. Sherlock thinks of the house’s previous owner. He thinks of him and John, and memory is bitter when it has nothing to rely on in the concrete.
“You,” Sherlock exhales. “I want to feel you.” His cheeks and his neck are impossibly flushed and when he opens his eyes to meet John’s with pointed, clear-cut desire, something inside of John
He feels stupid for not taking a cellphone number, an address, anything, but again, the two of them were never like that.
`The brachialis you draw is not in a natural position. It looks different when your elbow is flexed,’ he murmurs, pointing out the faulty drawing. ‘Work on that.’
They don’t talk about the nightmares, but it’s not a challenge for John to realize what they’re about. It’s written in the way Sherlock shifts closer to him whenever he wakes up in a panic, seeking comfort. While he’s taking deep, steadying breaths, he wraps his arms around John’s waist, his shoulders, his back, touching him as if he’s making sure of his realness. He rests his forehead on John’s or buries his face in his neck, all previous boundaries momentarily forgotten as his fingers hold and grip tight, afraid to lose.
Whatever his happy ending should have been, it’s long gone now. Like Eurus, he can only rebuild from the ashes.
“All of it?” John asks, burying a hand in Sherlock’s curls and pulling none too gently. He wants, God, how he
You decide that you might just want that. You kiss a sturdy soldier in the back of an obscure nightclub and you let him take you home, you let yourself be taken apart without any tenderness. Like an addict in need of a fix. The man looks like John enough for you to pretend that it’s him pulling your hair, curling his fingers inside you, fucking you rough and unrestrained. You feel like a heart-broken cliché by the time you’re leaving, barely holding yourself straight as you walk home. You feel spent, satisfied and empty. You think of him seeing you like this, knowing that you were in someone else’s bed. He could read it in your eyes, in your tousled hair, in your walk. You imagine him taking you home and claiming you his own with vengeful fury. You imagine him taking you home and erasing the night’s shortcomings with an affection that you don’t deserve. Each scenario is equally frightening and you want it so much that your hands are shaking on the door handle, turning the lights on, washing yourself clean. It’s all precipitated, dissolved beneath the neon light into neurotic desire and an affection beyond your understanding, the kind of thing that you were taught to bury deep and never reveal to others. You’ve hid it so well that you’ve concealed it from yourself, too, until the right moment came and it surfaced, hitting you hard enough to destroy.
“Sherlock.” John laughs, releasing a breath he didn’t realize he was keeping in. “You’re a cock, you know that?”
“Sometimes, when I had a good source, I used to draw it out”, he says quietly. “I pulled the curtains until there was only the faintest light coming in, so it would fall on my arm, right where the needle goes.” He touches his wrist, traces the purple outline of his veins, where the scars are still visible. John stiffens, unable to restrain a frown. Sherlock is right- he doesn’t like where this is going. The fact that he’s figured out why Sherlock’s drug habit bothers him so much doesn’t make him suddenly approve of it. “Cocaine, mostly. I took my time, made it into a ritual. I loved the anticipation and the way I could feel every drop slipping into my bloodstream, setting it alight.”
They are old enough to notice, but young enough to pretend it’s not there. John stops asking Sherlock to pose for him, and Sherlock doesn’t mention it again.
That day, the pool, a dread you didn’t know how to shake off when you were about to lose him. The way it all shaped into focus in that moment, as if you’d been blind to yourself all that time. The day he saved your life, and even further behind, the day you met, when for a second you were uncertain whether he could ever be fixed. And then the thrill of the chase, dun colours turned into explosions, something that you used to force yourself into with cocaine- it was all better with him, and for a while you just thought it was better with company, any company, but you were wrong. You think you were wrong. You’re not very sure anymore. The flat is empty and dull and you’ve forgotten how to be alone.
‘You bastard,’ you growl, pulling him by his collar into an open-mouthed kiss. He groans at the contact, capturing your body between his and the door. The roughness of it feels familiar, it hits home even though you’ve only did this once before; you fit so well with each other, you fit so well with this terrible man who crashed into your life right on time to save it. Your hands stay on his neck and for the briefest of moments, you feel like hurting him, but there’s a bigger picture here, there’s something that goes beyond disaster and murder and revenge, or so you like to think. To
“Her sitter’s currently chatting on Facebook with a man she met last weekend at a salsa course. He finishes work at 9. Your house is significantly closer to his office than hers, so you’d be doing her a favour by extending her work hours, allowing him to pick her up.” Sherlock smiles faintly, then something in his expression shifts.
Eurus gives a small, sad smile, breaking the tension between them as she turns around to pick up her violin. When Sherlock reaches to open his case, she stops, shaking her head slightly.
“I don’t know. Well, he stares at everyone. He either looks too much or not at all. But they don’t matter to him. He looks at me like I matter, all the time.”
Sherlock doesn’t reply. Instead, he gets up to arrange some of the books he’d found in the cardboard box, stacking them neatly on the top shelf near the window. He’s still not using any classification system; with his eidetic memory, John doubts he’d need it. “I don’t know how to do this, John. This…isn’t easy for me. I thought it could be, for a moment, but as you saw back there, it’s really not.”
John’s eyes crinkle at the corners as he watches Sherlock dashing around the room with Rosie in his arms, showing her every little (new, strange, fascinating) detail as Mrs. Hudson looks on from the doorway. John puts an arm around her when he notices her watery eyes; she excuses herself, saying something about sentimentalism and old age, but John only smiles wider, the warmth in his chest telling him that this is less about being dramatic and more about seeing someone they love finally, gloriously happy.
He undresses without looking at John, thinking nothing of it, and waits. His mind is a comfortable blank.
‘Always wanted you,’ you say between breaths. He’s got his hands cupping your face, looking at you like you’re the most precious thing he’s ever seen, not like a crime scene, but like- you, human, cherished. You always laugh at these kinds of scenes in movies, but now, with Sherlock, it all seems to make sense.
You should’ve taken what you could, before it was too late, before the hours turned into unbearable stretches of time marked only by his absence.
“So I’m your first, then,” Sherlock purrs, leaning in to lick a stripe on John’s neck, in imitation of what he’d received in the hallway- fuck, that feels absolutely perfect - and arriving just on time to speak the words in his low, velvety, fucking
‘I’m sorry,’ he speaks. He’s so close that you could believe that he’s you, that there’s no limit between where you end and where he begins. ‘For…not managing myself better, back then, and leaving afterwards. I knew it’d hurt you. I was selfish.’
“Yes,” Sherlock says in a small voice. “Of course I have, John.” He looks vulnerable again, like someone
“Alright, doctor,” Sherlock breathes, and it would be endearing if it wouldn’t break John’s heart to see him- hear him- like this the second time in one week.
John feels a weight drop simultaneously on and off his chest as he’s talking. He’s never really said these things out loud. Lestrade knows, Stamford has been suspecting, but he’s always played it safe through denial. A barely plausible cover story.
‘Bored,’ he announces, plopping himself down on a royal chair. The chair is uncomfortable. He gets up, taking a seat on Mycroft’s knees and sending his book face-down on the floor.
Sherlock keeps looking at her, throwing the ball in her court, asking her- as if it mattered, and God, for her it really does-
a feeble thing that had been lacking in his life before Sherlock and had reached ridiculous levels after moving to 221B- as far as hoping for a dead man to come back to life.
“Come home with me,” John offers without a second thought a few days later. He’s soaked to the bone, the shock blanket a feeble attempt to shelter him from the crisp night air. The panic in his chest- his throat, his lungs as he was gasping for air- has subsided, leaving him weary, bitter and relieved as his adrenaline levels are slowly coming back to normal.
His new place is a cozy apartment towards the edge of the city. Tedious, really, the way he chose to be away from where everything happens, exchanging life for a set of identical grey blocks where there’s nothing more interesting than the hum of the news channel set on minimum or the neighbours’ hystericals. Or crime, perhaps, there’s that deserted factory nearby, that could be an interesting prospective. Some distant part of you is afraid that it’s too early, but…two weeks. Isn’t that enough time to sulk? Doesn’t he understand that
“What does that have to do with anything?” John replies defensively, surprised by the change in subject.
“Upstairs. Now,” he growls, realizing (a little belatedly) that Mrs. Hudson could have seen all of that, and realizing (also somewhat belatedly) that he didn’t care at all.
“Yeah, see, you always find excuses for other people. You always find justifications,” John replies, not thinking about the warmth pooling in his chest alongside ugly, clawing guilt, not thinking about saying
. Sherlock opens his mouth to speak, obviously having noticed the shift, but John steals his words by tangling his hands through Sherlock’s curls and pressing their open mouths together into a deep, unrelenting kiss.
John had saved people all his life. He was shit at letting himself be saved, yet being Sherlock's damsel in distress had apparently been the main theme of their friendship all along.
Sherlock takes a deep breath.  “I was captured by gunmen in Serbia, while I was dismantling Moriarty’s network.” He pauses. “It’s just transport, John. It doesn’t matter to me. Though I did anticipate your reaction, and it’s… flattering.”
An emotionally immature, sociopathic murderer who killed Sherlock’s childhood best friend and would have done the same to him, out of jealousy? It still sends a chill down John’s spine to think about her. But Sherlock is offering something more than he lets on, here, and John wants.
‘But that isn’t all. She didn’t want her to find out, so she arranged a fictive business trip, from which he’d only return in a few years. Only that he was never going to. He’d send a letter, explaining that he found someone else, but by that time his wife already got over him. The perfect plan, if it weren’t for the fingerprints. Typical mistake for an unexperienced criminal,’ he explains, not without his usual smugness.
He wants to take him apart bit by bit (maybe even beg for mercy; once would be nice), but Sherlock won’t stand for it; he pulls John up to taste his mouth, heady and desperate, arching his back to get the friction he’s being denied.
They’d shared inside jokes, laughed, avoided each other’s gaze, looked at each other too much- him, Sherlock and Molly. Just like the old times, almost (but not really) ignoring the heaviness of the past days. The hospital. The blood. The crying, the embrace.
They take turns looking out for Rosie as the other one is showering. When John returns from the bathroom, Rosie is fast asleep in her crib and Sherlock has dozed off on the couch, still sitting up. His mouth is slightly ajar and he’s leaning to one side as if he’s about to tip over.
The boy watches him with unsettled, yet intent eyes. Most probably, he is trying to decide if he can trust the unexpected stranger.
John is about Sherlock’s age and he doesn’t seem very interesting, but he is looking at Sherlock with curious eyes and he apparently has something to hide, which might do just fine for a short-term mystery.
Sherlock’s low, magnetic voice coupled with their closeness slows John's rational brain down and gives way for other parts of him- immediate, instinctual, needy- to take control. He lets his hands shift a little lower on Sherlock's back, holding tight. Safe, loved, wanting; all the things he'd felt in Sherlock's arms dream after dream, before waking up and pushing it back under the rug, he feels now, thousandfold. He wants to take every inch of warmth between them and meld it into closeness and pleasure.
, it’s impossible to stop. The subtle shift between them seems to surprise Sherlock as much as it does John. For a few moments, they face each other in silence, as if the world has found a new way of turning and they’re still trying to make sense of it. Sherlock tips the balance by closing some of the distance between them in two wide steps and reaching down towards John’s hand, interlacing their fingers with tentative slowness.
‘You’re thinking that I’m insulting you by comparing you to a murderer. I should’ve known you wouldn’t catch on. You’re thinking of your memories here, with me. I know I’m not the only one associating stimuli with past happenings, John, even though you do seem to see them from a more emotional perspective.’ He’s looking straight at you and you realize that he’s been following your gaze as it lingered on the bookshelf, on his violin case, on the sofa…
He thinks of Sherlock almost dying for him. He thinks of his hand on the back of John’s neck, the quiet comfort of him holding space like no one else had before, then he thinks no more.
He clears his throat, turning around to face John after he finishes speaking. Expectant, vulnerable.
‘Oh, whatever, you know what I mean,’ he bursts, making you laugh. He’s smiling too, the creases of his eyes speaking joy, that rare feeling that he saves for extraordinary cases and you, you.
His absence expands, constricting your space and growing roots. Your mind is as sharp as always, but you feel your heart growing thin.
Your hands brush as you lead him to the door and it burns enough to make you want to never see him again, chase him away as soon as possible so you can be alone with yourself again, because sorrow is a vile mistress and she wants you all for herself. He stops twice; you can almost see how he wants to turn around and come back, but he doesn’t. He keeps walking instead, creating more distance between the two of you with every second. You briefly think of how you might never see him, taste him again. The lump in your throat turns to lead.
John huffs shortly. His approach: not working. It's becoming increasingly difficult, suppressing the urge to reach out (for real, beyond advice and empty words), to say something, anything, to bridge the gap between him and this impossibly different, impossibly similar human being. His mirror. He wants to (get the hell on with it). He opens his mouth, stares at Sherlock, then closes it again.
As if Sherlock’s bullet had shattered a fragile balance, Lestrade calls them on a case that afternoon, possibly given the green light by Mycroft, whom, to John’s surprise (but not really), Sherlock was now talking to every other day. It’s their first case after Eurus, a race against time, two murders in different parts of the city in less than two hours, with Sherlock sure that the killer will strike again on the clock. He drags John through the heart of London, deducing the murderer’s location by his footprints and his brand of cigarettes until they finally find him in a shady café, talking to his next victim.
“Mm. What’s funny? Let me in,” Sherlock drawls. His warm hands caress the scratched skin at John’s back. Unreasonably pleasant, but the stickiness between them is starting to grow uncomfortable.
The fact that Sherlock is a man is relevant and, at the same time, completely inconsequential. John has never wanted to fuck someone’s mind as badly as he’s wanted it with Sherlock since the beginning of them, his gender an afterthought.
,’ you huff. ‘I might be shedding tears, but they’re merely chemical reactions to external stimuli. I’m… cleaning my eyes.’
‘Yes, terribly so,’ you roll your eyes, ‘come now, we gotta get you back to Mary,’ but you realize that’s too much of an ambitious goal before you even finish your sentence.
Sherlock’s years away, now palpable in the scars that John had only glimpsed around the flat before, on an accidentally bare shoulder beneath a towel or a carelessly draped sheet- he’d never mapped out the extent of them, never knew exactly how much Sherlock had been hurt.
“Anything you want in particular?” John asks. He’s trying to sound composed, but it comes out hoarse and a little shaky. His own erection is straining painfully against his trousers, building an exquisite column of pleasure from the base of his spine to the tips of his toes, something that he wants to keep and amplify and fucking
You focus on the dull pain that the thick rope caused around your wrists, even though you barely feel a thing, and give the ritual more importance than it has, because it’s much easier to feel John around you than to have to
He feels empty, as if someone has demolished a part of himself and ran away with it, leaving him sharp and clueless in the bitter company of his increasingly troubled mind.
“Is this alright?” John asks, trying to keep his voice steady. He’s looking down, fixing a point on Sherlock’s chest, blue satin with white cotton beneath - warm, alive and incredibly close. He wants to trace the line where the world ends and Sherlock begins, to feel the steadfast comfort of his sinewy muscle, the maddening drum of his heart.
“Good,” Mycroft replies, then pauses. He says the next words deliberately, as if he’d thought of them for a long time. “Even though the circumstances leading to it have been most unfortunate… I am happy. He needs you, John.”
"Well, that’s not entirely accurate,” Sherlock intervenes. He seems, and probably is, entirely unaware of the chaos that his words had unleashed inside John. “Part of the motivation was saving you, yes, but the other part was bringing Moriarty down once and for all, which hadn’t been possible if not for…”
“He… did something. For me. Something dangerous. Hell, he did many dangerous things. He risked his life. He almost got sent away for… doing something he shouldn’t have.” John laughs nervously. “I do realize I’m not making any sense, but the point is… it’s not easy for me. To ask for help. Maybe that’s why I brushed it off. What he did. How he looks at me. People don’t really look at each other like that.”
“I know,” Sherlock whispers. He turns around without notice and grabs John by the back of his neck, clashing their lips together with urgency as he wraps his legs around John’s waist. Truth plays back and forth between their willing, famished bodies.
Sherlock’s skin is warm and John doesn’t know if the touch is meant to comfort Sherlock or himself. His pulse jumps when Sherlock moves his head slightly, so that John’s hand is cupping the left side of his forehead and his upper cheek. He stays like this for a while, following Sherlock’s chest rising and falling with his breath, feeling his own heart rate stabilize and his brain slip into comfortable alpha waves.
‘There is nothing to do in this house. Why do they insist on bringing us here?’ Sherlock starts pacing through the room, searching for a distraction.
They find a strange kind of comfort in their routine, John minding Sherlock a couple of hours each day as Rosie either remains with Mrs. Hudson (sometimes) or joins their silences and their stories in the sitting room (often).
You wake up sometimes, in the middle of the night, and contemplate your decisions. The part of you that screams for the thrill of it all, silenced down for her, for
Sherlock looks up and shrugs, his expression unreadable. The last evening is explainable in the light of today’s events; Sherlock had fidgeted until he’d finally turned his back to John, trying to salvage the night for at least one of them. With his hand resting on Sherlock’s back, John had fallen asleep before him.
Later on, when they’re back at John’s place and Rosie is fast asleep, John takes his time, sliding the tips of his fingers down the scarred skin of Sherlock’s back and tracing the lines there one by one. Sherlock shudders beneath his hands, perhaps from the intimacy of the touch, perhaps from the cold breeze coming in from the open window, a snapshot of their favourite kind of London: cold, murky and full with the promise of what lies in the shadows.
Using the last of his brainpower, he calls his neighbor, the kind, sharp elderly lady who’s been his safety net for Rosie ever since Mary’s death, and explains things to her in as few words as possible. Even though he thanks her and apologizes once again for the short notice, the edge in her voice is unmistakable. John postpones feeling guilty. He’d just witnessed a suicide, four murders and a revelation. He’d (barely) missed his meeting with death at the bottom of a well in the middle of nowhere. If anything, his parenting skills have nowhere to go than up from here.
You want to pull him down by his ridiculous collar, make him taste you and show him what you really wanted. You usually end up fucking Mary instead, and god when she smiles at you like that you swear that she knows exactly what’s going on in your mind, and those are the moments when you’ve never loved or hated her more. You feel helpless, at the mercy of these two people who made you, who complete you; you love them, and yet all you can do is choke down the battle in your mind and keep distancing yourself from both of them.
John startles and pulls away instantly, putting distance between their heaving bodies. His skin immediately registers the lack of Sherlock as
“Oh,” Sherlock replies quietly, throwing a suspicious gaze in John's direction before looking away. “Good. It’s… good.” He nods resolutely in a way that certainly means it's not good at all. “Oh, who am I kidding. I need a distraction! At this point, I would probably murder someone myself to have a good case on my hands.” He rolls his eyes, sounding more tired than exasperated.
John pulls back and looks at him. He looks turned on and adoring and ashamed at the same time, and Sherlock wonders how could he have ever considered him ordinary.
He gives you that look, the blank confusion with a hint of disbelief, body stilled in its motions. You know it now, you know
He springs from the sofa in one elegant move, crouching down to rummage in one of the cardboard boxes he’d had brought over. John had spent an entire evening with him in an antique bookstore on a quest to remake the old library, surprised by some of the titles he’d never taken the time to examine while he was still living in 221B.
He doesn’t remember falling asleep, only waking up with aching muscles, his lower body on the floor and his head resting on his hands somewhere near Sherlock’s stomach. Still dazed with dreaming, he drags his feet to the bedroom and falls back asleep within minutes.
Secondly, because there is no pain or ceasing of consciousness, or even diminishing of it. You look down at your heart, where blood fails to have stained your shirt. Suspension of disbelief; maybe there really is a Heaven.
“John,” he says simply, and in this moment, it sounds like the most puzzling statement he’s ever made.
When Eurus shoots him, the letter is tucked in the left pocket of his jacket. John wakes up heavy-headed to a mess of broken glass on the floor and to Sherlock’s panicked face close to his.
They walk in silence towards the flat, which happens to be in the same direction as John’s tube station. John can’t measure the air between them, doesn’t know how to take its pulse anymore after their earlier embrace. Something has shifted, but he’s not sure what. He’s used to crossing lines all the time, taking risks,
“Take them off,” he growls, gesturing towards Sherlock’s groin as he works his own belt and undresses with military swiftness, sighing when the cold air of the room finally touches his aching cock. In the next second, he’s straddling Sherlock again and bringing their cocks together. They both groan at the delicious skin-on-skin contact and they start a slow, gradual rhythm that feels good, except it doesn’t, so John curses under his breath and pulls back to retrieve- following the detective’s instructions- the lube from Sherlock’s bedroom drawer. And oh god, doesn’t the knowledge that he has it in the first place turn his blood hot.
Now, he’s startingly aware of every meeting point between their bodies. The hand on his neck is an electric, stinging heat. Sherlock’s cheek is a warm comfort against his ear, his hair. Their chests, almost meeting, parallel heartbeats. There are no more shields to hide them from each other. He could breathe on Sherlock’s collarbone, if he wanted to, he could tear the fabric of his shirt and taste the skin beneath. John closes the distance between them until their bodies are no longer isolated from each other and revels in the continuous, merged line of them.
Sherlock works on John’s upper buttons with deft fingers and undeterred concentration. His breathing pattern changes slightly with every new patch of skin revealed the fact of his trembling fingers only adds to the intimacy. John sighs when Sherlock brushes them over his chest, dipping down to kiss the skin there.
John feels his anger subside as fast as it had risen, replaced by nausea. He takes a deep breath and looks away.
“John, I thought we’d established early on that small talk is not one of our fortes,” Sherlock replies. He looks better than before, his watery eyes and lithe frame slowly replaced by increasing clarity and sinew. It makes him look less like a ghost and more like the fawn-like creature John had grown used to- familiar, reassuring, sharp with a new edge of sobriety.
It must be something about his new therapist. Ella used to unnerve him with her inquisitive gaze, her serious attitude, her grave questions. He would’ve never opened up to her like this. But
He takes Sherlock’s hands in his own, kisses his knuckles one by one, then brushes his lips on the inside of his palm. God, this feels amazing as well. They could’ve kept claiming each other fast and hard, squeezing years of longing in the (apparently) insignificant space of a few minutes, but this.
He gently maneuvers Sherlock into lying down. He brings a blanket from the bedroom and tucks him in, brushes a few rebel curls from his forehead, listens to him breathe. His hand strays, as if of its own accord, towards Sherlock’s forehead, but he manages to stop himself half-way. He blinks, then decides-
John blinks, remembering how he’d thought the same thing about Mary. (Even though she hadn’t, right? She hadn’t seen the man he could be. If she had, maybe she wouldn’t have felt the need to run away from him, again and again.) He thinks of Sherlock and his unwavering trust, laying his own life down as an offering. He thinks of their earlier talk, when he’d used the same sentence-
“Yes,” Sherlock answers immediately, as if John’s words had shaken him out of his stupor. He takes a step forward and wraps his long arms around John as he did before: one hand on the back of his neck, another one heavy and warm on his back. John’s breath hitches at the contact, his muscle memory leading him back to the first time he’d felt these touches. He’d tried not to think about it, then, and he’d forced himself to stay still even as a part of him despaired for more.
They’d never talked about it again, after that time in the subway car. John had hidden his two years of panic and grief in a dark place beyond the reaches of his conscious mind, in the hope that time, married life and the occasional adrenaline would make them fade away completely.
His eyebrows are slightly furrowed and he’s licking his lips, as if trying to catalogue the pressure and the taste of John’s. It’s such a Sherlock-like reaction that John can’t help but smile, moving one hand to cup this impossible man’s cheek and running his thumb over the smooth skin there.
John purses his lips, feels his pulse quicken fractionally. Sherlock isn’t talking about Eurus or Sherrinford anymore.
“Oh. Dull,” Sherlock replies, but his eyes are in an entirely different conversation with John's. “Not good?”
All essentially, ridiculously Sherlock, a portrait of him from different, yet equally telling angles.
Eurus is being taken away, restored to her prison. Sherlock is safe. Exhausted in more than one way, but safe. And John- he could still be holding the slick, freezing skull of Sherlock’s childhood best friend, he could be drowning, struggling to keep his head above water while Sherlock is trying to placate his sister.
“Don’t. I trust you.” His gaze bears down into John’s with crystal clarity. “I trust you. Trust me.”
You wish you had something to say, something more than words, but nothing comes up. You could make polite conversation. You could get to the heart of the problem.
“I… “ John hesitates. They haven’t really talked about it, him and Sherlock. It just sort of happened, Sherlock dragging John along to the flat to help, John lending a hand more than willingly. It felt that his home, too, had been blown up; their home, theirs to rebuild. “Yeah, I think so,” John says.
“So you understand why it’s difficult for me,” John continues. Sherlock’s receptivity makes things even more difficult; dirty, complicated. A part of John wishes he’d be indifferent, so they’d both brush it off and return to their usual dance of distant companionship. “To see you like that. Makes me think of him, of how I always had to be the sober one. But I know what a hypocrite I am when I'm judging you, because God knows I’m not a fucking saint either,” he finishes bitterly.
God, it’s amazing to feel this alive again. John’s body is still buzzing with excitement and relief, joined by an insidious, honeyed light-headedness. For a moment, he can see Sherlock’s face in high definition, colours vibrant in the dim hallway. Whirling specks of dust look strangely pristine in the light coming through the front door. John lets his eyelids fall and rests his head on the wall behind him, letting out a slow exhale between his parted lips.
at the same time. John tangles his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, pulling roughly as he bites his lower lip.
“Oh, for Christ’s sake…” John gets up, squares his shoulders, extends his arms towards his back, avoiding Sherlock’s gaze and hoping, maybe foolishly, that he will catch on. During what seem to be the longest ten seconds of his life, he watches Sherlock in the mirror, out of the corner of his eye, getting up from his chair with the same (amusing, maddening, endearing) expression of bewilderment.
She laughs. She isn’t the woman you know and love anymore; a lover metaphorphosed into a stranger with a bullet. ‘Do you think I didn’t know all along? You were dying to get your hands on him. It’s old news for everyone. No, this is not what it’s all about, John.’
You wait two weeks until you give any sign of life. It should be enough time, you think. You suppose. You have no idea, really, about how these things work, except that after the wedding you kind of do. It took him two years to get over your death, but you don’t have that kind of time now.
“How you’re mine and how I’m in charge of your pleasure and only your pleasure for as long as I’m still breathing,” John growls, sinking his teeth hard into the skin of Sherlock’s exposed neck.
The moment shifts again as John runs his hands on Sherlock’s chest and dips lower to trace the underside of his cock with his thumb. It brings back memories of how he was about to suck Sherlock off only a few minutes before, flooding his mind with images he’s tried hard to suppress- his nose buried in the hair of Sherlock’s groin, Sherlock’s cock down his throat; the taste, the noises he would make, the way his body would arch right off the chair, making John choke and gasp and come.
“I wish I could’ve had a say in it,” John murmurs. His lips slide lower, where the scars start to fade on Sherlock’s lower back, and his hands rest on Sherlock’s buttocks, kneading the soft flesh there. Sherlock arches into the touch, giving a rough hum of approval. “I wish I could’ve been by your side.”
has him moving his hips of their own accord, moaning against Sherlock’s open lips, running his hands through Sherlock’s hair as he leans in.
He’s trying for indifference, but John’s not buying it for one second. Sherlock’s voice is trembling and… are his hands shaking? John takes two steps and he’s immediately at his side, hand on his shoulder as worry coils in his stomach where arousal had been just a minute ago.
