“Is this coffee?” he asks in confusion, holding up the bag.
Dean makes a face at her.
Dean with his mouth gagged, naked, on his hands and knees, looking up at Cas like his life is in his hands, willing to obey. Dean with his mouth gagged, naked on his back, tied to the bed, waiting for pleasure. Dean with his mouth gagged, trussed to the ceiling, waiting for pain.
“Why the hell not?”
said with such joy. No one on Earth deserved Cas. Maybe some Mother Teresa type.
“I got eyes, don’t I?”
“Oh, don’t say that. I’ll get complacent. It’s not
A rambling, awkward, mistake-riddled love letter.
“I, yeah. They, uh. They had put a tarp over him, so. I found the note, I guess.”
“Please don’t tell me I’m going to have to go back to my office for this conversation,” she says.
Then again, Charlie had never had a problem taking a compliment in her life. What would she know about it.
“Don’t usually tell you about the guys I sleep with.”
“You’re my whore.”
Cas’s forehead rests against Dean’s skin. “That’s something.” He kisses Dean’s scar again, warm lips leaving a tiny spot of cold behind them. “After all of that,” he says, a tinge of anger in his tone, and Dean suddenly understands what’s going through Cas’s head, that he’d killed a man to save Dean, risked prison or a hanging for him, and Dean had nearly thrown his life away anyhow.
Dean gives Bobby a look that he hopes says
“Darlin’,” says Dean, “I’m so glad you asked, because it turns out we two already got a problem between us.”
Balthazar scoots closer. “Fine, then, how exactly does one prepare….”
“All bark and no bite?” Dean teases, biting Cas’s neck and making him gasp.
“Not nearly as much as yours will, with those bags under your eyes. ‘Sides, my boy bought out the night. You have to convince how many men to look at you?”
“Good boy,” Dean whispers.
We start on Death watching Dean, and then switch to Death’s point of view. Dean is standing now, getting comfortable in this vast space. Now that we’re at eye level, we can see occasional shapes in the distance, and flashes of white light. The Empty is not how we last saw it. There are stars in the sky, lights and figures in the distance.
“Are you alright?”
He’s so bad at being bored.
(To Jack)
“I’m not mad at you.” Cas’s voice is soft, kind. But he still won’t look turn and look Dean in the eye.
“Said ‘no!’” Dean pushes Cas hard, and Cas laughs, falling back under Dean’s assault. Dean tackles him, straddling his waist and holding his hands down before going in for a kiss, which is slow and sweet, and which Dean draws out as long as he can. “Gonna miss you like hell,” he whispers eventually.
Dean pushes Cas, but Cas doesn’t go far. He leans back down and kisses Dean on the lips.
“It’s from all the fucking.”
“You’re usually so confident. This is new.”
“Oh, I’ll show ‘em,” Charlie promises. “Thank you, Dean.” She wraps an arm around him and he leans into her little body. After a long moment she asks, “Do you reckon we would’ve figured something out? If Cas had waited, and we all talked it over?”
Cas growls in his ear.
“Bastard,” Dean mumbles at his back as Benny leaves the room. Dean reaches down to his box under the bed and pulls out some dime novels and flips through them without reading. Too drunk to read. He stalwartly ignores the one on his nightstand, the one with Cas’s picture hidden in it. He ends up just fidgeting, tapping on his own legs, fingers dancing around anxiously, trying to find a tune in his head that could soothe him.
Dean had promised that, hadn’t he? But now that he looks at the tepid, opaque, reddish-brown water he’s having second thoughts.
When Cas wakes, Dean’s nowhere to be found. The clock on the nightstand says it’s noon. Cas blinks awake and makes himself get up. Human things to do. He urinates, washes his face, and finds himself clean clothes to wear. By the time he gets to the kitchen he feels like a human again. He doesn’t see Dean all day.
“Can’t.”
“Yes?”
“It’s been a long time since I’ve laughed so hard,” Dean admits as they exit the brothel. “More than a long time. Years.” The thought starts to bring him down as he moves to the driver’s side door. With Sam gone, the apocalypse beginning, and Cas—
“I’m dying, darlin’.” Dean means to use the phrase as a setup to flirt, to let Cas think he’s talking about his muscles and then say it’s because he wants to kiss him so bad, but at the word “darlin’,” Cas’s eyes flick nervously to the men on the other side of the campfire and Dean drops it. “We keeping ourselves a secret on the range, then?” he asks quietly, trying a spoonful of beans.
RESIDENTS OF THE EMPTY
Dean has another rule for situations like this one, one he’s already broken and isn’t going to mention. The rule is
Same face, same hair, same ratty coat, same crooked tie.
Dean starts the car. They don’t make it very far, just a few more blocks and then he’s turning down a dark alleyway and putting Baby in park. Cas looks at him curiously.
“The hell she will,” says Dean. “Y’all ain’t staying there no more.”
CHUCK
And he keeps standing there.
This last is very tempting and by far the cheapest at only 12 letters, but it feels a little too honest. Finally he drafts a simple DON’T DO IT AGAIN STOP KMISS YOU STOP, which he hopes communicates a lack of approval but still a reassuring amount of affection. He stares at it, wiggling his pencil in his hand, and then tries again: DON’T DO IT AGAIN STOP LOVE YOU STOP. He considers it, the four blocky letters and what they might mean. He wiggles the pencil some more.
“Of course, Dean. Gonna be so good to you.”
“Well he’s queer as the fourth of July and all the girls are busy working, so I don’t see how that’s concerning to you.”
“Charlie,” says Sam, too calmly, “why don’t you take Krissy home?”
All the more reason for Dean to play every card he has. “You want me to get on my knees again?”
“I’m sorry,” says Cas, “I— I just— You—“
Bobby stands with a grunt and leaves without trying to say anything else. He was too old for her, Dean thinks.
Cas sighs. “If you’d’ve told me a year ago that I’d be waiting on a male gentile whore from Texas, I wouldn’t have believed you.”
“What?”
“Howdy-do,” says Donna, an expression of surprise as much as a greeting. She’s in there cooking some mixture of meat, rice and beans that seems to be a poor imitation of Benny’s. “Whatcha got all that stuff for?”
“Yes.”
“Come in,” Cas replies from his position on the bed, and, permission granted, Dean closes the door behind him and crosses the room. He wastes no time, mounting the bed and straddling Cas in one movement, so that in a second their faces are almost touching. Cas lets the momentary stupor that always comes with proximity to Dean wash over him, even as Dean, absent that problem, presses their lips together. Cas closes his eyes and enjoys the electricity from Dean’s kiss as it flows through his body and grace, warm and welcome after so long apart.
“I’m upset with you,” Cas tells him, not sounding upset at all.
“Four weeks of this, you say?” says Balthazar, flicking a bean off his knee.
“Dean?” Cas asks.
“What time is it?” Dean asks as Cas wipes between them with one of the damp towels. The sun wasn’t up yet.
There’s a determined glint in Cas’s eye. “Piss-poor excuses for likenesses of cattle.”
So many rules now. And why no talking? Cas supposes it would make Dean uncomfortable.
Angels can die.
12. Chuggie pigs, chuggy-pegs or chucky pigs (England)
Supernatural Horror, mostly. Though I did run a cat blog for a year or so. Oh, and Mohinder over there.
“I dunno, a little self-preservation, maybe?”
his momma used to say to each of them every night, after prayers.
“Don’t I know it.” And Dean kicks himself, suddenly remembering. “Tell my nanny that, will you? Here he comes now.”
“Voice of an angel over here,” Dean complains.
“Best suck-n’-stick I ever got,” he jokes, and they’re laughing into each other’s mouths, feeling stupid there on the floor. Cas covers Dean’s lips in a slow kiss and Dean can barely kiss back. Cas keeps kissing, kissing down Dean’s cheek before collapsing down on top of him, making Dean groan under his weight. “You heavy son of a bitch,” Dean complains at him. Cas just keeps panting against the floor, the shudders of what might be a laugh rolling through his chest. Dean smacks him lightly on the back for it. Cas kisses his ear. They both keep panting.
“Do you?” the man asks, amused.
“Yes.”
“I thought you were an atheist.”
“I desired you. It wasn’t as intense as this. This is—“ Cas breathes. “Overwhelming.”
It takes Dean a moment to say it. “Thank you for making me stay.”
“A stallion?” Cas repeats. He’s beautifully, perfectly, impressed.
It’s easier than he’d expected, walking towards oblivion. It seems easy for the people watching him, too. Maybe that’s because it’s right. Maybe he never really fit among them, and now, this would fix everything. This was his contribution, to the good, normal, not-so-fucked-up-as-him people—to remove himself from their world entirely. He and the Darkness could go together, and leave the rest to live their lives in peace. His ghosts would be forever quiet. He wouldn’t feel ever again.
Cas meets his eyes and stares for a moment. He lifts a hand and cups Dean’s face, skimming his thumb lightly over his bottom lip.
“I thought you were on sabbatical.”
Dean gets them another round. He slides out of his pants and shirt and climbs back onto the bed, then plops down in front of Cas, stretching his legs out on top of Cas’s in a sort of distant straddle. He can feel the buzz of whiskey in his head now, and he doesn’t understand how Cas isn’t acting drunk at all.
“Alright, alright, just do it, just—ohh.”
“I do. I belong to you.”
He loads a plate high with hotcakes and brings it to the table, then he plops an egg each on two more plates and brings them over, too. Dean hands Cas a fork and sits across from him.
“Goddamn,” Dean sighs. It’s one of the most beautiful things he’s ever seen.
“C’mon, pal. Seriously.”
“No it ain’t,” he says, digging himself in. “It works good.” Should’ve just stolen some. Couldn’t steal any now she knew he was looking for it; she’d kick him out, and then where would he be.
“Dean?”
I have a feeling this is going to be the Most Canonical of all these because you can NOT convince me this conversation didn’t happen.
“No, no, I’m done here.” Dean turns off the shower as he speaks. He’s suddenly very eager that Cas not leave. There’s a voice in his head yelling
Dean makes a doubtful sound.
God, it’s so good. He’d had plans, but— God.
“I’m not.”
“Nothing.”
“Oh. Was he nice?”
“A little bit,” Dean admits. “I’m fine now, I swear. Just a bit stiff. Can’t oughtn’t jump on any bulls anytime soon.”
“Where to, Cas?” Dean asks as Cas leaves Nora’s house.
those letters.”
Cas stares back. He still looks confused, but he nods yes, so Dean presses up against him, pulls Cas close by his tie, and brings their lips together. Cas’s lips are impossibly gentle, asking for nothing, only giving, and Dean is incredibly aware of himself, of his nakedness, of the towel that won’t stay up much longer, of his already hardening dick. He’s shivering, but not with cold. He opens his mouth wide, invites Cas in, and Cas comes, licking into Dean, drawing moans from him, his hands wandering to Dean’s naked waist. Cas holds him there, pelvises just touching. Dean feels so exposed, so vulnerable. There’s something gratifying about it—and terrifying. Cas could kill him with the wrong word.
“We can manage it.”
“A, uh, friend of mine’s place. You wanna walk?”
“He, uh, had to quit.”
Sweet, useless man. “I ain’t fixing to seduce the cattle, Cas,” says Dean. “I mean, do I look like a proper cowpoke?”
Dean ends up backwards in his lap, Cas massaging his shoulders and pressing kisses into them.
“A compelling theory,” Cas whispers back teasingly. “But I’m afraid you’ll have to submit more evidence.”
“It ain’t like—“
Cas gives him a small smile.
“—Won’t be intimidated by some whore trying to keep me from seeing my own son—”
“‘Bout what?”
“Cas?” He calls along the hallway. Cas isn’t in the library or the atrium. Chuck was
CHUCK
Cas just stares back at him, at Dean’s green eyes, for once wide and searching and not darting away.
Dean turns away from him. There’s lantern light ahead. “That’s why you don’t like me whoring?” he asks. “‘Cause it’s dangerous?”
CUT TO:
“You’ll watch over me?” Cas asks.
“That’s a fact, son. I asked your opinion.”
Music plays as Dean, Sam, Eileen, Cas, and Jack all sit at the table and share a meal. Miracle watches. The mood is jovial. Sam talks, and Eileen waggles her ring finger sassily, holding it across the table for Dean to see. Dean is thrilled and gets up to distribute well-deserved hugs. When Dean sits back down we see him touch Cas on the shoulder or hand, something small to confirm they are doing well.
“You’re amazing.”
Dean takes a deep breath.
“Hm.” Dean waits a minute, but Cas just keeps working on his drawing. “You promised to talk to me.”
“Promise?”
“The horse,” he says, as if checking exactly how stupid Dean is.
“Gonna fuck you.”
“I thought you two wasn’t talking.”
“Sure. On food. Shelter. Not bathing me. What is it with you and bathing me?”
“Did you say it queer?”
“The horse, Dean. You know, the one that you stole from Daddy?”
“You’ll have to ask him.”
him to talk. Dean shifts on his stool uncomfortably. “Some john,” he says dismissively, taking another drink.
“Yeah, Cas, I know that. Some folks change their minds.”
Letter from C. Milton, Jackson, MS, to D. Winchester, courtesy of Josephine Anael, Abilene, TX
Mind the tags from here on out<3
Something in her face softens. “Give ‘em hell.”
“I don’t—“
Cas shifts onto Dean’s other side and when he does they can both feel hard pressure against their ribs. Cas reaches into Dean’s vest pocket and pulls out his derringer.
Sam nods. “Sure thing. But Jo isn’t mad at you. The rest of us were. But she wasn’t. Said if she’d had the opportunity to ride off with a blue-eyed dreamboat, she’d’a taken it, too.”
“Dean,” Cas warns, still stroking himself, feeling the pleasure building.
“It’s your ranch,” says Cas. “Over there’s the house. And that’s the chicken coop.”
“I like looking at you. ‘Who don’t?’” he asks, imitating Dean.
So Dean shuts up. He wiggles around until he finds a more comfortable position, still with his head on Cas’s chest and Cas’s hands holding him there, but with his arms not in so much danger of falling asleep. He listens to Cas breathe: in and out, up and down. Too relaxed to be awake, too angelic to be asleep. Dean fiddles with the sheets, wrinkling them in his fingers.
Sam gets him a chair; it just so happens to be the one at the stenographer’s desk.
“Dean.”
“Here?” Cas finds it again, and Dean groans embarrassingly.
“Looking for something?”
Cas speaks softly, almost a whisper. “I’ve had a beau before.”
Balthazar finishes, with a gesture toward him.
“Sorry. Didn’t mean it.”
Dean breathes out, eyes on the target, sights aligned. His hand is steady.
Not only that, Dean. I’m telling you he’s at our mercy.
Chuck sighs.
“Mm-hm.”
“Wanna tell me about it?”
“Sorry,” he mumbles, hoping he didn’t choke Cas.
Something is bothering Dean. He works himself up to speak.
“Like saltine kinda things?”
“We’ve been on one date, and you’re planning on being together for the rest of your life?”
“He doesn’t have to come.”
It’s a hot day already, the little cemetery empty and dried up. The sky is clear and blue and the sun blazes down out of it, straight onto Dean’s bare head and into his eyes.
“Then I’ll have to make it up to you.” Cas leans over him, and their lips meet. Dean pushes into Cas’s mouth, letting him know just how he feels about this situation. Cas groans around his tongue. They kiss for a moment longer, all tongues and spit, the taste of whiskey mingling between them before Cas breaks away to whisper in Dean’s ear. “What do you want?”
Dean’s head is turning to mud, lying there in the hot blanket with Cas’ voice in his ear, his brain throbbing like it’s the thing that got crushed against the floor.
Dean chuckles and wiggles his ass. “You reckon?”
“Back hurts.”
“What do you mean, you don’t know?”
“Mm.” Dean shifts so he can rub against Cas, getting precome all along his backside, slowly dragging himself up and down Cas’s cock. It feels good, the hard bumps of Cas up against all of Dean’s most sensitive areas, impossibly slick with precome alone. Cas’s hands pull and separate him and move him in rhythm, making him feel sexy, wanted, open. Dean’s dick slides against Cas’s stomach, leaking onto him and twitching eagerly.
“You’re a yellow-bellied, lily-livered, chickenshit, flighty, harebrained miscreant, that’s what! You high-tail it three ways from Sunday with Daddy’s new horse, and we’re stuck here cleaning up your mess, and Jo stood up for you, did you know that?”
“There should be ten,” says Jack. Helpful, as Dean had forgotten to count them in the first place.
Cas sighs frustratedly. “I just asked you that five minutes ago.”
It takes Dean a moment before he gets it. He turns away. “Sweet talker.” The coffee’s probably done. He lifts the shirt of coffee beans up off the bowl and sets it on the counter, then passes the bowl to Cas along with a spoon. “How’s that?”
“Find yourself a man I like, then. Now, I’m taking the washroom for the next half hour unless anybody’s had a particularly disgusting night, you hear? And Bela’s gone for the night so I need someone to clean the bar.”
Cas hums a grumpy agreement.
“Jewish?”
Dean groans, just briefly, as Cas thrusts into him, and Cas groans in return.
“Called himself Doctor Crowley,” says Dean carefully, but Cas doesn’t react. “You know him?”
“Mm-hm. Just gotta get up.”
That’s it—
“Stop it, Cas. It’s fine.”
This was the sort of thing that made rich city folk dress up in sparkling jewels and go to huge concert halls where tickets must cost more than Dean made in a week. And, listening to Balthazar, Dean couldn’t fault them for it. After all, the joy was in the performance, in the impossible level of skill necessary to play such a thing. In short, this was something you played to show off.
then shoves the tortilla in his mouth. Dean doesn’t say anything about it. He’d refrained from ordering bacon, himself, though he isn’t really sure why. He spoons chile and egg into his mouth.
“Right.” Cas is very still now, eyes on Dean’s, shining like quicksilver.
Dean voice: why the fuck not??/
“Let go,” Cas whispers.
“Thank you,” says Cas simply, and walks past him, so close they almost touch, so close Dean can smell him. Dean turns to watch him step into the room, and he thinks his heart may give out. He closes the door behind him. Cas turns to stare.
“You still hain’t been, huh?”
“I don’t want to go.”
Cas sniffs. “Balthazar isn’t hateful,” he says. “He’d like you to think it, but—“ Cas can’t seem to go on. Dean hands him his handkerchief and waits while Cas blows his nose.
“Yes.”
Dean has to clear his throat.
Hell. Dean leaves the phone on the bed and stands up to follow instructions, and as he does so catches sight of himself in the wall mirror. He looks how he always looks. Somehow that’s unnerving. He pulls his gaze away and strips all the way naked before resuming his position on the bedspread. He looks down at his own erection. “Cas? I’m, uh, I’m all ready for you.”
Cas makes himself talk. “I like this. Dean, I like this a lot.”
Cas squints at him. “I asked you to do it.”
It looks purple; a big, purple lump the shape of Dean’s elbow where he’d leaned too hard on him. “Bruise,” Dean says simply.
The sound of Cas begging runs through Dean like warm water. Dean smiles; his breaths would be laughter if he wasn’t breathing so hard. “Hang on a minute, now. Might could get some payback on you.”
“Impressed?” Balthazar asks, trotting up beside him.
“Certainly.”
I thought this fic would be a slow burn when I started this chapter, but Dean had other plans.
“Hold my hand?”
Good. Weird. You know he actually prays to Chuck?
Chuck pretends not to hear.
Dean turns to face him. “I know you do. Because you don’t understand. I fucked you up, Cas, with my bullshit. With the sex, and the lies. That wasn’t right. None of it was right.”
“I tried to make it sexy for you.”
“Sorry?” Dean isn’t sorry for jack shit right now.
“How’s it feel, baby?”
“It’s a craft Jack found on Pinterest. It’s meant to emulate a Christmas tree—“
“No, you didn’t like it, and I—“
“It ain’t— it don’t matter. It’s fine. I know you ain’t— Don’t gotta pretend this is something it’s not, is all.” Because that’s why it hurts so much, so suddenly. It was all pretend.
“I am.” Cas takes his waist and backs him up until the bar’s pressing into his back.
Start on Cas. Cas is on the run from quite a few angels, and so has been traveling with Jack and a small group of humans for the time being. Jack ran ahead to get Dean, leaving Cas waiting, quiet. Nervous. RECOGNITION as he sees Dean, offscreen. Cas moves away from the group towards Dean and Jack.
I told you, Dean. We’re actively recruiting, and no Gen Zers will join if we sound like some boy’s club.
“How about Charlie and I come by Sister Jo’s tomorrow, and we’ll see if we can’t figure something out?”
Dean flees towards the library at full speed, only to stop dead outside the door. Nerves, bubbling up from God knows where, root him to the spot.
“I don’t know,” says Dean again, too shaken by the sad look on Cas’s face and by the real, actionable possibility of staying with Cas to defend himself and his profession. Because Balthazar was right, was the thing. He couldn’t whore when he got old. But Dean hadn’t figured on getting old.
“Yeah.”
“Earlier. I, uh, I meant to say. I reckon you make for a damn fine cowpoke.”
“Mm. I want a close angle.”
“You let them fuck you but you didn’t come?”
Cas sighs.
Dean tears his eyes away to check on his expression. Cas's eyes are closed, content. Rainbows from the wings dart across his cheek, the white light throwing his profile into sharp relief.
Dean laughs. Sometimes he forgets Cas can curse.
“Beans from a can.”
“Hold up.” Dean sits up and grabs Cas’s wrist before he can escape. Words don’t come. Because Cas is right, Dean hasn’t forgiven him. But he hasn’t stopped caring for him, either.
“You find yourself a boy who’s decked John Winchester and we’ll talk.”
Cas’s eyes grow wide, almost as wide as when he first stood behind the tiger a month ago. Dean leans in close and talks to him nice and deep and syrupy.
“Rude, is all. Calling it ‘disgusting.’”
“I know.”
Dean smiles, holds up his beer.
“He— Dean looks back at Cas, who’s sitting up now, staring. Poor idiot had spent too much on him already. Probably had no idea how much money was worth. Dean gestures at Cas to lie back down, grabs his ring of keys and slides through the door. “Benny’s got the door covered.”
“Why’re you always making me wait, darlin’?”
The night air is crisp as Dean exits the car. It wouldn’t be his first night in a back alley. There had also been truck stops, motel parking lots, backroads, all ending with crumpled bills stuffed into his back pocket. This was no different. It didn’t change anything.
He pulls off his shirt.
“Well? Weren’t you?”
“That’s good, baby. Real good. You look so sexy with your tie loose.”
Dean licks at it, sucks it gently. Cas gasps quietly above him. Dean has a hand on Cas’s side, and he fondles it gently, letting his hand wander to Cas’s back, exploring his bare skin and supporting him gently; then, Dean expands his kiss radius downward, toward Cas’s navel. He licks into it, like some two-dollar whore.
Wasn’t it? “‘Night, Sammy. Sorry about the ‘Yank’ thing.”
He has a hard time sleeping. Cas is awake, of course, and so he doesn’t mind Dean shifting around, but after a while it’s obvious that Michael won’t let him rest.
Charlie does a little curtsy. “Deanna.”
“Uh, I was concerned about you.”
“'Night, Cas.”
“Feels like I been here before,” Dean provides helpfully. “You described it so good.”
Dean holds up a hand. “Was I unclear?”
“Done told you I could ride.”
“Geeze.”
Perhaps Dean would understand, if he attempted to explain. Dean was more than familiar enough with the sensations of violence. There’s a reason, Cas knows, why Dean always requests to play the submissive role, and never the dominator. Dean had dominated souls in Hell, after all; he’d tortured and controlled and twisted them until their screams filled the halls of Hell. He’d excelled at it, and that step toward demonhood had haunted him ever since. But Cas doesn’t have that excuse, only his feelings for Dean. And he isn’t allowed to talk about those.
…The hell?
Scene 14 ext. SUPERCOP WORLD. Day
“Really makes me wish they’d’ve let you in the church,” says Charlie. “A screaming match would’ve made it feel much more festive.”
“Yes, Dean. I’m sorry. I’ll focus.”
“Then I’d do that. I’d make you feel good.”
“You reckon y’all could stomach some hotcakes? Can whip up some strawberries and cream to go on top.”
“Tired?” Cas asks dryly.
“Need oil?”
Cas takes Dean’s hands from around his back and pins them to the ground, lowering himself close over Dean’s face. “You know, you once told me you weren’t a liar.”
Sam raises his eyebrows expectantly. “And?”
“Could be lard in there,” Dean warns, not really thinking about it.
Dean whistles.
“Do you want me to?” Cas presses. “Do you want me to make you beg?”
“Seems so long since we walked in the moonlight, making vows that just can't work right.”
Crazy man. Sweet, stupid, crazy man. “Anyhow, I— I want to suck you off.”
“I don’t eat bacon.”
“Shit,” Cas agrees, pronouncing the word wrong, short and clipped. They rearrange so Dean can be on top of the pillows again instead of under them, then Cas lies back down by Dean’s side, leaving a hand on Dean’s chest to play with the wispy hair there. Dean wraps a hand around Cas’s back and up onto his side, holding him close.
“You can have his horse, too,” Dean says. “He’s getting on, but I reckon there’s a few more fillies in him yet.” Bobby’s flask shines at Dean, promising a liquid inside it that could burn through him until he could relax and forget all of this. It would be so easy. It’s been five weeks. Dean had never asked Balthazar, what drove him to it, if there had been a loss, or a fight, or some horrible event that made him run off to New York and bury himself in an opium den. Probably there wasn’t anything to tell; it was just the melancholy. Just a mind that couldn’t sit right in its own skull.
“Yes.”
“Yeah.”
“Don’t be creepy.”
“Bet you play real good.”
Balthazar peeks round the door like he expects them to be in the middle of things. “A day of rest,” he says, “is a holy thing, you know.”
Dean smiles up at him. “You beg real good, darlin’.”
She pulls away and he lets her go but grabs her by the head, looks her in the eye.
“Good, Dean. God. So good.”
Dean obeys.
It’s coming from Cas.
Donna gives Dean a hug, and, to his surprise, so does Bela, whispering in his ear, “You’re better off,” which very nearly makes him break the hug and slug her.
Dean gets a letter from Cas about three weeks after seeing him, which means both that Cas had done that detour up to Dallas again and that Cas couldn’t have seen his letter before writing it. First the poor cattle had to rush to give Cas the two days in Abilene; now they had to trek up to Dallas. He was wreaking all kinds of havoc on the poor animals. Dean takes it to room three and locks himself in. It’s a short letter, for Cas, not crammed to fill the paper as his letters usually were, and no drawing at all.
“All right.”
“Say you’ll wait.”
Cas is quiet. His arms encircle Dean slowly, warm hands pressing against his back, holding him close. “Dean,” he murmurs into Dean’s neck, tickling him with stubble and breath. “You know I’m always here for you. If this is what you want right now, then I’ll do it.”
“Then what the hell’s going on?”
“Mm.” Cas kisses him again and returns to the table. Dean tries to calm himself down. They chat a little more as Dean bakes; Cas asks more questions from his list, and Dean asks about Passover, about other high holy days, about everything he can think of. Cas ends up reading him those pages he wrote (Dean had them in his pocket; they were too big to go in his hat), and explaining the concepts as he goes. It turns out the pages weren’t so much an in-depth sermon on morality as they were a general overview of Jewishness; the rituals, the values, the holidays. Dean does his best to memorize all of it.
“Not now, Dean.”
“Can you even see?” The drawers weren’t exactly light on fabric. Dean knows his bulge could be visible from the front, but he’s lying at a weird angle now, and the little frills are falling over him.
Order.
“No. I’m tired of it all.”
Dean stares back for a moment, then nods acquiescence, and Cas releases him. He rests his head against Cas’s. Dean is breathing heavily, and Cas’s heart is beating wildly, and Cas wonders if Dean feels this same feeling, of insanity, of pleasure, of death. Dean leans against him, and Cas can feel his entire body, pressing him into the wall. Dean’s penis is pressing hard into his hip, making that the new focus of his insanity, explosions fizzing and spreading around it. He stares into Dean’s eyes, finds unequivocal arousal looking back at him. Impossible. Madness.
The preacher won’t let him into the church.
He breathes.
“What was that?”
“But your mother was raised here?”
“See, this is what I’m talking about,” says Dean. “You hain’t seen stupid yet. You don’t even know what it means.”
“Yeah, I mean, you know me already, so that’s good. Can introduce you around. And, uh. I got an empty property there.”
“Can I help you?” asks a bespectacled angel behind the welcome desk.
It’s Balthazar, holding him firmly.
IMPORTANT CONTEXT: this is our first post-Empty deal chapter. Cue increased levels of angst.
“Christ, Dean.” Cas had actually jumped in alarm, he’d been that loud.
“Always suspected.”
better,” Jack brags as he hops down the stairs.
“I mean, we need to thank him. Chrissakes, Dean. He could’ve killed you.”
Protect.
Cas does it again, still not really fucking or thrusting, too slow, just sliding slowly in and out, like testing a piston, making sure all the parts are working together properly. Dean can feel that spot, his prostate, he supposes, getting teased, not quite happy with the pace or the angle. Dean doesn’t mind it. He’s watching Cas’s face, Cas’s expression of pure wonder.
He didn’t need to say it again. Cas had told him it was okay not to. Cas knew it already; Cas’s weird new confidence was evidence of that.
Cas pulls him over near the bed and starts undoing his shirt, making Dean smile into the kiss and return the favor. Cas is faster; he gets Dean’s shirt off and his britches undone while Dean only gets Cas’s jacket and half his shirt. Dean pauses to sit and take off his boots and britches, and then Cas is pushing him down onto the bed and crawling onto him, kissing a line down his chest, licking his bellybutton hungrily and then finally settling between his legs.
Cas snuggles higher, into his neck, sweet as hell. Dean holds him there. “Do you want me to talk about photography?”
Castiel’s eyes flick to his, then back to the paper. “Stay still,” he murmurs again, though Dean is sure he didn’t move.
“Must be real bad.”
Cas pushes his arm out of the way. “I thought you wanted a drawing.”
good.” That feels even better. Dean closes his eyes and moans, lets himself just make sound and love and feeling.
Dean shoots him a smile and wiggles his eyebrows. “Told you you was my first beau, didn’t I?”
The sentence is too long;
“You’re not making any sense.”
If he could tell Dean how beautiful he looked trussed up on his bed.
“Dean. If you’re suggesting I rub myself on you like some kind of animal, and while you’re in pain, no less, I’m not going to do it.”
Dean manages to tear his face away. “Cas— someone’s gonna see—“
“Am I allowed to talk again?” Cas’s voice is quiet.
“Ain’t that where Crowley’s staying at?” Dean asks.
“I’ll have to say it more often, then.”
Cas stares at him, just long enough for Dean to know the answer before he opens his mouth and says, “He passed away five years ago.”
“You really only knowed Cas—I mean, your daddy— for two weeks?”
“Are we gonna live here, Daddy?”
“Dunno,” he says through cottonmouth.
“You like looking at yourself in that hat.”
“You refuse to take my money; you refuse to even be with me in that room because you want me to be with you for real. That’s what this is, or what it can be. Real. But you have to let me care about you back. It isn’t a one-way street.”
“Oh, right,” says Dean, anger building. Cas pulls his arm away and Dean lets him go. “Sure. ‘My sincere condolences,’ and that’s it. Not even a fucking ‘good-bye.’ There ain’t nothing to say. Worst bullshit I ever heard in my life.”
“So which is better?” Dean asks. “You fucking me, or me fucking you?”
“Thanks,” Charlie tells him. Dean’s throat is dry. Adam heads down the hall to the back door. He doesn’t even say goodbye.
“So if this Crowley comes here again….”
“Yeah. Says he can’t afford to feed her.”
“I don’t give a flying fuck about John!”
Dean spends a week raging at Cas in his head, but he can’t rage how he wants to, not just because Cas isn’t there to rage at, but also because Jo’s got him capped at three drinks a night (if his clients saw fit to buy them). And that’s not to mention the five more weeks of fight looming in front of him like a summer storm. He’s on a deadline. He has to send a letter soon, if he wants it to reach Cas in Jackson. Otherwise all he’ll have to talk to him with is a telegram, and Dean’s not exactly made of money.
Cas pins Dean’s arms down to the mattress. “Don’t sass me.”
“Stop it.”
Balthazar waves his hand in the air. “Oh, just that I was a friend of Sam’s from school, passing through town.”
“Right.” Dean shoves the card into his pocket.
“I’m fine, thank you,” says Cas, who’s dropped his clothes on the floor and is now unabashedly going through Dean’s pack as if Dean couldn’t see him doing it.
“‘M good. Don’t. Don’t put them away.” His head is starting to hurt, but he doesn’t mention that.
“I don’t.”
CHUCK
Cas closes his eyes and breathes deeply. “Say something shitty.”
“Krissy don’t look like Momma.”
Sweet thing. Dean smiles and leans in close. “I’d be delighted to.” He whispers it over Castiel’s lips, holding back for Castiel’s reaction. He doesn’t disappoint.
Dean leans in closer. “You made any plans this time? Got ideas?”
“Is she the reason why you hate your father?”
“You take good care of me,” Cas continues. “My good boy.” Cas reaches out a hand to touch Dean’s as he says it, and Dean’s fork clangs to the plate as he draws back sharply.
“Ain’t you sweet, mister….”
“Please fuck me, please, Cas, I’m sorry, please—”
Dean steps into his pants and starts working them up his thighs.
“Am I?”
Miguel and Tagg drop by the lobby to say goodbye, and they all play hold ‘em together. As the hour grows late, Dean finds himself looking more and more often at Cas, mind wandering up to their bed.
“Hey.” Dean squints up in confusion to see Balthazar’s tall silhouette framed against a darkening sky. “You’re a difficult man to find. Pull yourself together, would you? You look pathetic.”
“Yes, Castiel.”
“Take all of me inside you?”
“Done told you I’m—“
Dean makes himself be patient. He holds Cas. He breathes. He sings songs to himself in his head.
“What?”
Castiel has one cassette tape, which Dean had given to him before he’d set out alone to track Lucifer. “To keep you company on the road,” Dean had said then, and it makes Cas smile now to think of it. He presses play on the tape deck, and the first sounds of Led Zeppelin’s
“Hain’t been that long.” Despite her words, Charlie stands back and does a little pose. She’s got an honest-to-God dress on and a fancy day hat, which Dean knows is a rare occurrence, though it’s all he ever sees her in nowadays that he doesn’t go to the ranch. It’s even got a little lacy frill around the brim, the white color of it making her red hair stand out.
Jo rolls her eyes and gets up. She wraps herself in a robe and walks past Dean to the door.
Cas hums. “That, too.”
“What did you tell him?”
“Yeah, I— I guess I sort of went back to default settings. But you were in the Empty for years, and you just got back, and then I— I shouldn’t have— I dunno, I’m no good at this relationship thing. But, you know, before I died— I started to think— maybe I can actually get out. For good. And then we got back, and Chuck peaced out, but there are still monsters, and I don’t—“
“Yeah. It was good, though.”
“Because, Cas.” Dean’s lips tremble for a moment. “I love you, too, you dumbass.”
“Wait, wait—“
“You ain’t here to take Sister Jo’s girls away, are you? Only I wouldn’t be surprised if Meg might will start skulking around soon. She knows you’re here.”
It’ll be fun?
But here they were, weren’t they. Cas’s god was looking out for him again, bringing them back together in an unexpected place. “Coulda just written me,” Dean says, a little snottily. Cas doesn’t answer him. It takes Dean a few minutes before he realizes that it’s because Cas has fallen asleep. He waits as long as he can stand to.
“Fuck,” Cas whispers. There’s a rustling sound as he removes his pants. “Alright, Dean. Tap if I need to ease up, alright?”
Sister Jo comes into the room, breaking the silence normal as you please. “Lights out in thirty minutes, girls. If you wanted a bath tonight—“
Cas rolls his eyes. “No, Dean.”
“It’s still under construction, but yes,” Cas explains, squinting around at the room. “Given that many of the new angels used to be human, we’ve implemented a rule that angels are allowed personal space and belongings. These are mine.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. Will you tell me about her?”
“Stop being sorry.”
Cas groans.
Dean asks Cas to engage in BDSM play with him, something they’ve done before, but which Cas wasn’t entirely comfortable with and has since been avoiding. He hasn’t effectively communicated these feelings to Dean. Despite Cas’s reluctance, Dean convinces him, and Cas begins to dominate Dean.
“Gonna beg you,” Dean says, like a threat, getting on his knees in the dirt. “Beg you to take me back.”
“Just a warm up, my dear,” Balthazar assures him, playing a few notes as if to punctuate the sentence. “Try this one.”
“The hell’s your point?”
They keep arguing like that; the whole trip they argue like that, and while it’s annoying, Dean finds it comfortable; it feels like home. But then sometimes it hurts for the same reason, when he thinks about Charlie, Sammy, and Adam fighting over the last bite of dinner, or Krissy and Jo stealing each other’s clothes, or all six of them arguing over who could take how many coyotes in a fight. Cas catches him sometimes, being distracted or sad, and cheers him up with a touch or a kiss.
(continues on regardless)
“Cas? Cas, are you alright?”
“—Once he spoke to you, or possibly to someone else between Boston and Sister Jo’s. The point is, he didn’t come here for you. So, what did he come out here for in the first place?”
Dean rests his cheek against the back of Cas’s shoulder while Cas curls over to let him look. He can’t stop staring at the red mark beneath Cas’s skin. “I am. This is what bad men do, Cas. They hurt you and then they stay anyway, ‘cause they need you. Need you more than you need them. They hold you close and hurt you again. Get angry if you don’t do what they say.”
“You look good like this,” Dean tells him, admiring the line of Cas’s jaw. “Mighty fine.” He doesn’t say that Cas could easily reverse their roles, if he wanted to, even from there on the floor. The look he’s giving Dean would make him weak in the knees, if he was standing.
Sam has mercy and lets go.
“—He’s going to bring it up.”
“Cas,” Dean whispers.
“No, does he have a ‘beau?’”
Cas nods, mouth full of food.
Dean opens his eyes. Cas is staring at him, face clean and smooth, those strong arms resting on either side of the tub; his legs are bent and relaxed, dick half-full and waiting.
“Tell her I’m taking room three.”
“I hate you,” he finds himself saying. There’s a lot to say it for. For choosing John, for having kids, for leaving them. He doesn’t know if it was her smoking or John’s drinking that caused that fire; nobody alive did, anymore. Some things weren’t for knowing, he supposes. But he has a hunch, that maybe it was the both of them: her smoking, and him making her want to drop the match. Could it have ended any differently, when the world had kept them together long past the time they fell apart?
“Sure. Fine.”
“I disagree.” His hands rub Dean’s back. “Relax, Dean,” he says, which makes Dean crave a drink, which makes him hate himself more. A drink would go down so good. But Cas’s voice is warm, and soothing, and if Dean did drink, Cas might actually leave, and Dean couldn’t stand that. He huddles closer to Cas’s chest.
“You’re okay,” Cas says. A fact or a command, Dean isn’t sure. Cas repeats it like a mantra. “You’re okay. You’re okay.”
in response. “Eager to get fucked? Look at your face. Red as a barn door.” Cas just ignores him.
“I thought it’d feel like Jack,” says Cas. “But I haven’t had time for television.”
He looks good. He looks like himself.
Unless.
“I’ve been waiting, baby,” Dean tells him. “Waiting for you to just take me, wherever we were, I wanted— fuck.” A shiver of pleasure passes through Dean. He stops moving. He doesn’t want to come yet. He can’t come yet. He breathes heavily against Cas’s pillow.
A long time passes. Minutes. Cas says nothing. Dean sniffs.
Our boys are done.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, I bet you do.”
John shudders as the bullet hits him.
“Bitch.”
(Confused)
Cas blinks and looks away. The spell is broken. “I’m sorry. I’ve been told I can be a little unsettling.”
“I’m happy.”
“You think you’re real smart, don’t you? You think this is a joke? Get your sissy ass down here and I’ll—“
Dean’s a little relieved to have started. The words start to come.
“I am. I am.” Cas melts back against him.
“—Who’s Garth?” Dean asks.
It takes Cas a second of eye contact before he obeys, turning in the small space between Dean and the wall to face it.
“What makes you so sure?”
Dean sizes Castiel up. Despite the vitriolic glare, he doesn’t seem like a violent man. He’s got on nice clothes for a cowboy, even a little bit of turquoise on his vest. Money, then. It doesn’t match the layer of dirt on his face, but it does match that Yankee accent.
“Are you alright?”
Dean explains it to him. It’s strange, communicating with a Balthazar who actually wants to communicate. He’s extremely quick, not needing Dean to repeat anything, and Dean finds him genuinely helpful by the end of it. “Make a working man out of you, yet,” Dean says, once they’ve got three full bowls of food.
“All week. You been thinking ‘bout me?”
He thinks about Cas, when he needs to escape. He thinks about that tobacco grit voice praising him. He thinks about those dark eyes on him, looking over every inch of his body and transcribing what they saw to paper. He flexes his hands and thinks about the feeling of Cas’s hands rubbing life back into them, of Cas’s innocent face, not even realizing how sweet he was being. He pays attention to the calendar in Sister Jo’s office for the first time ever, keeps an eye on February 12. He tells himself he isn’t doing it.
/Carry on my wayward son
“I do?”
Dean’s already inching past Sam and down the hall. “I, uh, I’m not sure. Tell you what, I’m gonna go ask Cas, and then I’ll come back and let you know, okay?”
Sweet thing.
From him, cut to:
“No.”
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas whispers.
Dean laughs a little, at the sincerity, at the delay, at the impossibility of it all.
“How many more times do you want to come tonight, baby? Should we try one more, three more? Or just keep going til you pass out?”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, trying not to be a moody piece of shit, but feeling moody anyway.
“That’s what I want, Dean. I know you’re still wearing them.”
“No.” Dean laughs. “You still obsessed with bumblebees?”
Cas is quiet on the other side of the car, hands in pockets. “Of course not, Dean.” Dean stares off into space as the passenger side door thuds closed.
“Alright, alright. Rich boy needs his coffee.” Dean lights the stove and pulls a pot of water. He hums to himself as he goes, aware of Cas’s eyes on him. “Hold up.” Dean winks at Cas and heads over to the bedroom. He comes back with a brown shirt, which he lays out on the counter. He puts the handful of roasted beans in the middle and folds the shirt over, then picks up the cast iron pan and give it a good wack, making Cas jump. He gives it a few more hits and replaces the pan back on its shelf. Then, he gets out a ceramic bowl and drapes the shirt overtop, weighing down the corners with pots and pans, leaving enough give in the fabric to make a little divot for the crushed beans over the bowl.
They kiss until they’re both hard and their boxers become uncomfortable, then they take them off. Cas pulls Dean’s shirt over his head and they go back to kissing, Dean taking a turn on top this time, both sliding together slowly, still not in a hurry to get anywhere, but definitely more eager than they were before. They each moan softly into the other’s ear as they move, steady and slow, until they’re frustrating each other and themselves with the pace.
“Yeah.” Dean kisses his chest. After Cas had taken the kid upstairs, Dean’d had to run to the concierge and give him some bullshit story about needing to oil his saddle overnight, but he’d gotten it.
Cas rubs a circle on Dean’s ass slowly and gently. It’s turning a bright pink. He’s only holding back just enough not to cause damage. He doesn’t think Dean wants him to go easy, but maybe this is too hard if it caused Dean to lose balance.
Don’t— I don’t deserve that. I wan’t a father to you. Or if I was, It was the bad kind. The kind that puts too much on their kid. I treated you like dirt, Jack. And look at where it got us.
He understood Balthazar well enough to stay put in the room instead of heading down to the bar.
“What happened,” says Dean to Jo lowly as she leans in to close the door.
“One more person calls me ‘son’ today, and there’ll be another murder.”
“—He could’ve gone after her,” says Adam, sun-bright eyes boring into Dean.
His phone rings. Sammy has a plan. He turns the car around, they head back to the bunker, and now instead of everyone’s last night on earth it’s only Dean’s.
Across the table, Cas keeps reading quietly.
Dean is holding an angel in his arms.
Cas, please, I need it—“
Cas rounds on him, pulling his arm free and talking in a loud whisper. “You knew, Dean. He told you my name. You knew he had a connection to me. So don’t lie.”
Twelve was the year—
“She ain’t gonna catch nothing.”
He breathes.
“I also brought him back to this den of temptation.”
Cas blinks at him.
“Do what?”
“Can’t see a goddamn thing.”
“You,” Cas mumbles, nuzzling his face deeper into Dean’s neck, “are superior to them in every way.”
“Because you’re a dirty whore?” Cas asks in Dean’s ear, stepping almost accidentally back into the scripted language. This part isn’t so bad. He likes talking.
he thinks.
“I want to see you kneel,” Dean commands.
Bal looks away. “It is what it is.”
“Shit. Bobby alright?”
“I mean it.”
Cas can see the future ahead of them, one full of secrets, one where Jack has to lie for them, where Dean with a stern word gets them both to stay silent forever, avoiding the truth for no reason, forever. He can see the weight of shame hanging over their heads, forever. It’s awful.
“Good.”
“Yes, Castiel, please.”
“Haven’t you got any music, at least?” Crowley asks grouchily. He’s shoved himself into the corner of the seat that’s farthest from Cas; it reminds him a bit of Claire’s pout, if Claire had a mouth that cut from ear to ear and six shining black eyes.
“—I can hear you just fine from up here.”
FADE IN on MIRACLE, who is playing in the backyard. Birds are singing, the sun is shining. Things are beautiful, but not heavenly. This is Earth. There’s the sound of a car approaching. Miracle barks and runs around the house toward it and we pan out and across, following him, past the more traditional-looking house on the side of the building to REVEAL Miracle Motors in the front: a large garage & workshop with a glossy ’67 Chevy Impala logo, right off the highway. Miracle greets Sam and EILEEN as they get out of their car (something practical). Sam has a casserole.
me, I—I’m overwhelmed.“ Cas forces himself to reach a hand out. He touches Dean’s chest gently, just with his fingertips. It’s so soft. “You’re so beautiful,” he whispers. “You’re… intimidating.”
Cas must give Dean a weird look, because he asks, “Something wrong?”
“You use sex as an escape. A distraction.” Dean opens his mouth, but Cas waves him silent. “I know, I know. ‘Who don’t.’” Cas sits beside him heavily, legs stretched out on the mattress. Dean has to crane his neck to look up at him.
Cas is watching him closely.
I was advised to change the title for Reasons, so we've dropped our 'boy' for now and be aware that the title may change again if I can think of a properly inoffensive one... just a heads up.
“Cas!” Dean stands to return to the piano. As he passes Crowley’s chair he hears him say something and stops dead. “What was that.”
And yeah, Dean has plenty of energy for talking. He just opens his mouth and lets his thoughts out as Baby eats oats from his hand. “He’s a huckster, Cas. A dirty, rotten, no-account conman who only cares about making money and humiliating you, and I don’t see why you should get wrapped up in his cockamamy—“ Cas’s warm arms wrap around Dean’s waist. Cas’s torso presses against his back. Cas’s hands hold his chest. Dean slows down. “—scheme.” He’s lost the thought entirely.
Scene 22: Ext. MIRACLE MOTORS. Day.
“I apologize for the delay,” whispers Cas, his hand wrapping around Dean’s neck and pulling him the millimeters it takes to push their lips together.
“Of course we would’ve.”
“There’s no rush, okay? You’re okay.”
good boy,” Cas agrees, sending shivers through Dean’s skin. Cas’s thumbs dig into Dean’s shoulders, massaging them loose, then a hand traces down his back and stops in the middle of it. “Jesus, Dean. Did you break your spine?”
“It’s Thursday.”
“You talk like that.”
“I confiscated a pack from Balthazar weeks ago. You want one?”
“Tagg,” says Cas, shifting a bit and grabbing at Dean’s free hand, not the one on his ass, “knows a lot about insects.”
“Dean. This is all I want. This is all I’ve ever wanted. You’re giving it to me.”
Cas smiles small. “Alright.”
“I reckon you’re in love with me,” he whispers in Cas’s ear so Bal can’t hear them. Cas still hasn’t said it, and it’s become a sort of game for them now, Dean teasing Cas for his feelings at every opportunity, and Cas worming his way around the words, expressing himself in just about every other way known to man.
Sam and Chuck walk down a street in Supercop World. Things are colorful, but uniform. It’s like the suburbs in A Wrinkle in Time, with a heavy dose of futurism sprinkled on top. Think original plans for Epcot. It feels extremely derivative and SOULLESS.
“Just saying. Smoke?”
“Good,” Cas confirms. “That feels… good.” Dean’s making Cas feel good. Not his vessel, but
Dean’s eyes twitch against the pain. “He’s a dick. What’s there to say.”
It doesn’t make any sense. “The hell are you talking about?”
“Yes, sir.” Dean sits still while the sheriff rummages under his bed and around the nightstand. It shouldn’t take long, he thinks; he doesn’t have many things. He notices vaguely that the bag of coffee beans is gone. His brain has slowed down now, turned to sludge after racing only a moment ago. He doesn’t know what to think, anymore, or how. John Winchester was dead. Cas was gone, and Bal.
When Cas speaks next, his voice is wavering. He sounds close to tears. “Dean, please. Just come back. I won’t talk anymore; I won’t say a word, just—“ Dean stares as Cas begs. His face is red and puffy, eyes glistening, butt-naked on his knees on the floor. This man had bent him over a table. “Please. I don’t want to sleep alone.”
Suddenly Dean understands. He understands because he’s the one who went through Cas’s things after he died. He understands because he’s the one who cleaned out Cas’s room, who called Claire and Jody, who went through Cas’s shitty car and found the shitty mixtape he’d made years ago as a shitty, failed attempt at confessing his feelings. Dean understands because he’s been torturing himself with that goddamn tape on loop for months.
Sam gets up, brings some bottles to the kitchen, across from the laundry. Dean finishes his laundry and gestures at Sam to follow him.
She gives him a look. The woman had a look almost as mean as John’s, and she keeps giving it, not letting up one bit, even as Dean tries his best to look sincere and pitiful. Eventually he gives up with a curse and heads to the door.
“Well, I will take that into consideration. Sweet thing.” Dean kisses Cas’s side. “Darling man. Handsome cowpoke.” Dean keeps talking soft and sweet, til Cas grabs at his hand, a silent request to stop, and then he shuts up, and before he knows it, his eyes are closed, too.
Hours pass as he sits there, knowing that his face looks like shit from crying and not wanting anyone to see it. How big was Santa Fe, anyway? How loud had he been? Was that man he’d beat up and talking yet? Would everyone in town have heard about the violent out-of-town sexual deviants by now? Would anyone even rent him a room? Someone would probably sell him liquor.
“Dean?” Cas grumbles.
“Clone Wars?” he comments, picking up a little DVD box set.
Cas smiles a sort of wondering smile, and Dean watches him for a moment before, “Forward,” Cas prompts, and he’s stuck posing again.
“Uh. Krissy’s a lot like me and little Jo. Don’t take no shit, but cares a lot. Always causing trouble. Sammy I told you about, didn’t I? Going to school. Real smart. Charlie’s even smarter; been handling most of the ranch business. Whatever she can sneak past Daddy, anyway. Fixing to own the ranch one day.”
“Hi. Listen. How about I take you to breakfast, kid? Let your daddy sleep a bit. Would that be alright with you?”
Cas sighs. “I care about you Dean. Please don’t do this to yourself.”
Dean nearly spits whiskey over the bed, but makes it to the chamber pot. He howls with laughter. He bends in half, hanging over the edge of the mattress, his whole body shaking with it. “Fuck off. Hell with you. Hain’t laughed that hard in ages. Shit.” He comes up eyes watering.
“But, I—“
“You’ll get it back tomorrow.”
Dean doesn’t need to be told by Cas that fucking someone feels good, but he doesn’t sass. He feels a bit like a limp fish, just lying here getting fucked. He tries to grind his hips, but finds it difficult to get leverage.
“I support his policies,” Cas says seriously. “My father has long fought against American imperialism. He speaks up for women’s suffrage and the rights of black voters, and he was the loudest voice arguing against the Chinese Exclusion Act. It’s crucial that he win.”
“My good boy.” Cas kisses him, good and deep, and this time Dean has to recover the hat from where it falls on the floor.
“You’re the cowboy.”
Cas doesn’t bother to respond, and Crowley lapses, finally, into silence. The world is dark at this hour, quiet. It’s one of his favorite times of day to exist. His thoughts wander.
“—I know,” Cas cuts him off, turning around and untying Dean’s bandana for him before starting on his buttons. “I trust you. I do. It made me feel better, actually, when I realized. He kept trying to rile you, to get your attention. He was making a fool of himself just for your anger. Sad little man. I have your love, don’t I?”
“Is this what you wanted?”
“—Please leave.” Dean’s concern is too much, and totally undeserved. Cas can’t receive it. Cas can’t bare even to look up. Shame is flooding through him, wave after wave of it, and ironically enough Cas thinks he might actually be grateful, if the Empty were to take him now.
Cas sighs against his cheek. “What am I going to do with you.”
“Well, let me know if you need anything. Anything at all.”
“Way I see it, we’re in a serious predicament, darlin’. As I recall, I done promised you something different.”
“How do you figure he ain’t here this morning, then?”
Castiel hesitates above him. “You mean— we can—“
“Cas and I went on a date today.”
“You always forget, darlin’, that I’m the professional, here.” Dean fixes his hat back on his head.
“Yeah,” says Charlie quietly. “Maybe.”
Cas breathes deeply in his arms, like he trusted him with his life.
“Are you nervous?”
Dean moans agreement and starts thrusting into Cas’s hand.
“You think your little sisters want to see you go to jail, see you get hanged?”
“Does this help?” Cas asks.
“What?”
“Do you mind?” Cas asks seriously, voice so deep, so good.
Dean changes his shirt and goes up front to tend bar. It’s a weird few hours, which Dean
Death pulls a candy from his waistcoat and pops it in his mouth.
“Baby. Cas. Cas, I want you. Want you inside—”
“I forgive you,” says Dean. “Of course I forgive you. Don’t you ever—Don’t you ever think there’s something you could do I couldn’t forgive you for.”
Maybe it’s muscle memory; Rhonda had liked to do shit like this, be rough with him, hold him against the wall and tell him to be good.
Dean pulls gently, loosening him. “You been thinking about this?” he asks. “Before I joined you, I mean? You was thinking about me like this alone on the range?”
“Do you want to be mine?”
“A party?”
gets to him, such an uncharacteristic word to hear, whispered softly through Dean Winchester’s lips. Cas can only obey it, and so he stays quiet and just watches Dean, trying in vain to parse his expression. There’s something sad in it, and something Cas hopes is arousal, but maybe— maybe that didn’t mean anything. Maybe that was natural, merely a physical reaction. Oh, why was this so hard. Dean’s eyes flit downward suggestively and Cas just wants to grab him, to flip them both and kiss him flat into the leather seat, but Dean has moved before Cas can start making any plans in earnest. Soon those soft lips are on his neck again, sending pleasure throughout his body; there’s a word he now realizes he’d never understood:
Long beat. Sam drinks his beer. Dean is pensive.
Amara?
“Dark as hell,” says Dean.
There’s his little spitfire. He smiles back. “Shoot. I missed you, kid.”
“Yes.”
“No,” Cas says, then inhales sharply as Dean slides his finger back in, a little deeper this time.
Scene 17: int. SUPERCOP COURTROOM. Day.
“Panicking.”
“And the people of Abilene? They’ll let us live that way?”
“What are we doing?” Cas asks.
“Dunno. I like the idea of it. Reckon it must be nice out there, away from everything. Get to see the country. But I can’t go and leave town, with the family here. I think about ranching, sometimes; reckon I’d like to have some animals of my own. Get a little coop of chickens, eat eggs every morning. But I can’t afford land right now. Best I could do is be a ranch hand, and that’s less pay than I’m making now.”
anything. He’s totally overwhelmed, only capable now of want. Dean fondles him again, skin on skin this time and Cas has lost all capacity for thought or speech.
There are too many words inside of him this morning—excuses, confessions, apologies—all of them trouble. Better to cut and run.
Real comforting.
Cas steps back inside and closes the door.
Cas doesn’t object to this, and Dean hands him his book back sourly. Cas offers him lunch and a kiss on the cheek.
is the first word that comes to mind. Like he’s right there beneath Cas, but he’s also a million miles away, also with Cas, doing— doing something—getting sucked off, probably— he’s so aroused, pupils blown wide open, staring straight at Cas’s mouth. It’s so much.
Really? What happened to ‘no boys after curfew?’”
But he hates it, too. He hates how much he must look like a younger John. He hates how this was his parents’ dream, how he— and maybe now Cas?— seem to have co-opted it. He hates that he might make any of their mistakes.
“It is.”
Dean lowers himself to kiss him. “What? You’re saying that’s not what you envisioned in any of your ‘wild fantasies?’”
“You’ll have me, Dean. Gonna fuck my boy. Gonna fuck you good and hard. You like it hard, don’t you?”
a weirdly human action. Cas was full of them lately. Something to do with Jack, maybe. Or living with the hunters.
“Already done that part.”
“Dean,” Cas reprimands. Dean just grins at him. Cas is touching so much of Dean now, the whole front of him. One of Dean’s cotton-sheathed legs is between his own, and their chests are pressed together so that Cas can feel every breath, every heartbeat. Dean’s cocky smile is only an inch away. Cas kisses it. Dean kisses him back.
It’s been five years since he’s ridden full-tilt like this. He leaves Cas behind, happy to circle back, confident that Baby can ride double the distance of Sue-Anne on a bad day. He rides til he loses sight of Cas, then turns them back and finds him again, falling into step beside him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, you know what started it back up again.”
“I learned plenty about sex at school,” Cas says. “But faith is—faith is different.”
CHUCK
DEATH
“Hm.”
CHUCK
Cas sucks on his finger gently. Dean pets Cas’s hair. He can hear the ocean outside.
“Y’all go stand against that wall and don’t make a move unless you want me to fill you full of holes, collect the blood, and use it to make a nail varnish with. Donna, help me get him up.”
Cas, untethered, was such a beautiful and rare thing. Dean watches his parted lips, his shallow breathing, his wandering, wide eyes. Poor thing didn’t know what he wanted anymore. “What do you—“
Sam mouths something at him, and he tries to parse it.
More. There are so many things Cas wants to say to Dean, but ever since the deal with the Empty—
“I didn’t say that. It’s just I ain’t hardly wearing any clothes to begin with and somehow you’re undressing me with your eyes.”
caring
The pain is nothing. Dean chuckles. He kisses Cas’s chest.
“Is there more?”
Nothing to do but jump in. “How would you feel about me taking four weeks of vacation?”
Scene 4, ext. Heaven. Roadhouse. Day.
“Can I—?” Dean reaches for her.
“—No, no. It went great. He’s thrilled.” Dean is surprised at the feeling as he says it, surprisingly good, lighter somehow.
The pain of losing Cas is overwhelming, so much worse than the Empty. Dean lets himself feel it, lets pain soak and rake through him in large sobs. The wailing is inside his head, his throat, his chest, his stomach. He feels like he’s about to explode. He prays.
“Damn dirty Yankee.”
She rolls her eyes. “Fine. But lock the other rooms.”
“Not what I said.”
“What are you thinking now?”
“Yeah?”
Cas offers to put him out the easy way, and Dean accepts. Two fingers are pressed to his forehead. Sleep takes him.
Just to be super clear, this chapter is NOT porn, even though it’s gonna sound like it.
“Dean, I—wanted to thank you, for saying what you did.” Cas shifts his weight nervously. Dean had offered his love to Cas only half an hour ago, and Cas was already going to test it. Foolishness, certainly. But the risks of not doing so seem too great.
“You sound happy.”
Dean nods, heart still hammering. He claps Benny on the shoulder. Benny claps him on the back. He goes.
“I just— I thought you were going to join me.”
“—Why is there a gun under your pillow?”
“Just get rid of him. See he don’t come back. And next time there’s a
he says.
“Yes, Castiel.”
“Ease up,” Dean whispers, reaching down and petting Cas gently. Cas looks up with blue eyes. “Wanna come slow. Wanna—ah—just wanna be inside of you.” Cas nods on his cock, like he’s agreeing. He pulls back and swirls around Dean’s tip with his tongue, then presses it, holds it up against the top of his mouth, takes it down deep, then slowly back out again. He just plays with Dean, really, moving him around and watching his face. Dean plays with Cas’s hair—there’s so
Cas’s hand wanders onto Dean’s head, large fingers folding into his hair. They tighten, and Cas pulls Dean off him by his head. Dean’s heartbeat starts going crazy.
“He must’ve…. I… sent a letter to his mother, months ago.”
CHUCK
“Dean.” It’s another long, loud, complaining moan. “Dean, I need— I need you—“
I don’t want that, Dean. Do you?
“She said yes,” says Dean, more or less honestly. He kisses the nape of Cas’s neck and Cas folds their fingers together. “Can I take Sue-Anne in the morning? Gonna go to Bobby’s.”
“He, uh. He was my daddy, sir.” His eyes are burning. Stupid. Weak. He sniffs, holds it back.
“Wanna feel it. Feel you fuck me all over.”
Something soft and wet, a bit of suction at his tip.
“Cas.”
Cas shakes his head. Dean can see the wheels turning, or rather refusing to turn.
“Yes,” Castiel whispers, “I will.”
“He’s gonna take my horse away.”
“What?"
“Whatever they want.”
Dean appears at Cas’s door with little more than a “Hey,” distracting Cas from the video he’s watching. It’s the first time Dean’s come to his room since Cas walked out a few months ago. He lurks there in the open doorway, waiting to be asked in, as if they haven’t been walking into each other’s rooms for years now with less fanfare.
“Huh.”
by Lucifer, and yet he was fine with letting him have free rein over Cas.
“I missed it, too,” Cas says finally, deeming that safe enough for words.
“Hm?”
It had been so long—not just with Cas, but in general— Dean had forgotten how good it felt. He lets out a loud sound of relief. Cas fucks him slowly in and out, trying to make it last, and Dean pumps himself with one hand, not worried about anything at all. He trusts Cas to make it good, hell, it was already good, he was grunting and moaning with each thrust of Cas’s hips, in and out, gentle and slow as can be. He rolls his hips to Cas’s rhythm, aware of Cas’s eyes on him, aware that Cas liked to see him squirm, and as they go he starts to move more and more, pressing with his heels, trying to get Cas deeper, to get more of him, to please those impossibly blue eyes focused on his torso—
“I think I’ll go for a drive,” Dean tells Bobby, and pulls the Impala out onto the road. He realizes too late that he didn’t ask for directions— were there even maps of Heaven? The last time he was here half his travel was just wandering through memories and the other half was driving down an empty road with a fixed goal. Now he drives down what might be that same empty road, but with too many places to go. There are so many people he’s lost, so many people that he wants to see, but only one who he needs to rush to.
He’s in bed with Dean Winchester. He had sex with Dean Winchester. Dean had touched him and kissed him and spoken words and it’s real. They aren’t far away now, on the mattress, but they are only touching with their held hands. Cas can taste Dean’s breath in the air; he’s breathing gently, and he watches Dean’s chest expand and contract beneath his shirt. They’d had sex, and all he’d done was stand, useless, against the wall. He hadn’t even gotten Dean’s shirt off. He tugs at it regretfully.
Start on Sam, who is dealing with some shit. Dean’s blood is on his hand. As he observes this, Chuck speaks.
Dean GRABS Sam’s left hand in his. They stand, LINKED together. He turns the knife in his hand, finds his grip. He takes a breath.
Cas makes this self-satisfied face, eyebrows raised high, but mouth low and serious. “You haven’t asked how much of your time I’ve bought.”
Maybe if he were human.
“Balthazar,” Cas warns, but Dean isn’t paying attention. Another lantern is bobbing down the way, this one carried by a short woman with red hair. Charlie. Next to her walks a tall man. He looks like Sam, he walks like Sam, but somehow if you put a gun to Dean’s head he couldn’t swear he wasn’t John.
It’s Sister Jo, of course, hair in a messy bun and pulling him up with a revolver in her hand. Donna’s there, too, also armed and yanking him to his feet. As soon as he’s up he’s almost down again, the blood rushing from his already woozy head, but Donna catches him even as he tries to push her off, so he lets the pain take over and leans onto her.
Just that they’d go, maybe.
“Jack told us the deal, Sammy. He’s out. Now, I’m not leaving Cas alone in there for a second longer than I have to.”
“You don’t have to—“ Dean starts.
“A man who come all the way out to Santa Fe looking for you prob’ly ain’t gonna be held up by two blocks,” Dean admits.
Dean stares at it. “Looks just like you.” Cas had drawn himself at an angle, sharp nose and jaw outlined in dark black, eyes hooded and dark. He was very nearly frowning, but Dean thought there was a spark of a smile in his eye, like he could hear Dean singing just off the page. “Thank you, darlin’.” Dean kisses him. “My sweet thing.”
“You done wanting it slow, baby?”
“You use the most inscrutable language.”
When they finally do break apart, Cas is crying, and Dean immediately starts kicking himself for whatever fool thing he’d done.
“It’s a moot point.”
Cas goes to find the bottle of oil and— fuck— it hurts. Dean drops back down onto his stomach.
“You into kinky shit, Cas?” Dean asks, eyes open now. Maybe his expression had given him away.
And then Castiel’s hands are back on him, reorienting his wrists and ankles back where they were. “For the sketch,” he explains. “I want you hard.”
“Don’t suppose me telling you I’m alright will help any,” Dean comments, having a drink of water as he heats the kettle.
Cas laughs. “Really?”
“Did you like it?”
Dean lets the silence sink in. He isn’t sure what Cas means, exactly, but he has an idea. Cas is ashamed of wherever he’s living, or maybe he isn’t living anywhere at all. Guilt settles deep in his stomach. Dean nods.
“I thought you didn’t want to leave town.”
“Thank you.”
She shouldn’t be writing to him. John would have her hide if he knew.
“Adam planted them, a few years back.”
“Sam! Jack cries.
“Yes. Give me your hands.”
He takes a deep breath. It’s been months since he’s seen Cas. Had Cas really been here that whole time? Alive and well and away from him? There’s a frustration building inside of his belly. He isn’t sure whether to be angry or happy.
“What was that?”
“I don’t understand.”
“Can’t be that bad.”
Finally, recognition on Cas’s face. “Oh,” he says.
Jesus Christ. “Well, uh, in person is nice.”
“That one’s Cas. I’ll be in this one, if things go, uh, less than sensationally.”
They pick Cas up in an alleyway behind some tacky church in Amarillo. His eyes are shining with life, and Dean Winchester, who had believed himself to be broken beyond repair, starts to pick up the pieces of himself. He rushes to Cas, holds him tight and keeps thinking it even after speaking:
Cas didn’t even want a drink. He didn’t even like drinking. Cas was pure and perfect and utterly unaffected by the sorts of thing that dragged people like Dean and Balthazar into the gutter. He could have a smoke and never crave another. He could get drunk but prefer being sober. He could punch a man because he believed it to be the right thing to do, and not because his fists moved quicker than his brain.
“Adam?” Dean asks, looking back through the open door, where Charlie steps in after him. “Charlie?”
“Don’t reckon I’ve ever seen you in here before, Bobby,” Meg comments.
“Balthazar,” says Dean, letting the syllables drip over his tongue. It was a good name for it. “And Castiel. You don’t look so little to me.” Dean gives Castiel his best come-hither stare, a small smile on his lips, eyelashes lowered, but the man doesn’t seem to be willing to make eye contact. Shy, maybe. Or just not interested. He didn’t seem the type to get dangerous about a boy whore at least. “No need to be shy, now, sweetheart,” Dean says, sweet as he can manage with a bruised ego. He redirects to the older brother. “Pleasure to meet you both. Can I help y’all with anything?” He flicks a practiced look down at the man’s crotch as he says it.
Cas’s chest heaves as he moves his legs wider. Dean kisses his way up Cas’s right thigh, not as slowly as he’d planned, too eager for that. He goes from the inside of Cas’s knee all the way up to where his leg meets his torso in only a few kisses, then he bites at the tendon there, taut and nervous as Cas must be, bites and then sucks at it, buries himself in the hollow of Cas’s crotch, tasting him, salty and musky and
“Dammit, Dean, can’t you have even an ounce of self-respect?”
Dean kicks the empty pack under the bed. He’d have to check on Bobby tomorrow, too. Poor man was long past his scrapping days. He sits next to Cas, taking the coffee bag from his hands and putting it on the nightstand. “Don’t you get focused on that. Focus on me. We only got a few minutes to kiss before the harpies arrive.”
“Let me help you,” Cas demands.
Okay, Sammy.
“I’m worried about Jack. I’m worried about
“Uh-huh.”
Okay, Bobby. Who else?
Dean’s not stupid enough to deny it, not if there’s a possibility of a repeat. “No. I… liked it.” He’d fucking loved it, that was the problem. And not just the stuff gay guys were supposed to like, but even Cas’s so-called ‘selfish’ freaking porno money shot. Dean was pretty sure the receiver wasn’t supposed to enjoy that, but the idea of Cas looking down at him while he waited for Cas to—
Thanks for getting rid of him for me. I would’ve had a hard time of it, what with Amara rattling around in here, making it impossible for me to directly harm him.
“Are you alright?”
John moves forward, changing his grip on the pistol to hit with it, and Dean braces for impact, closing his eyes and flinching away, ready to lean with it—
Cas nods. His perfect lips part slowly. “Dean?”
Rufus walks back into the house with the crooked walk of a man too old to work with horses, and after a minute Bobby comes out, his own walk only half as rickety as Rufus’s had been.
“No.”
We pick up right where we left off. Sam is as we left him, on his knees. He’s going into shock.
“Don’t want to.”
“I assumed you were referring to sex.”
Dean cranes his neck up and starts kissing at Cas’s cock, which is only mostly hard. Cas brings his free hand down to pet through Dean’s hair, and it sends shivers through him again, thinking of Cas pulling it earlier, of him pulling it while inside of Dean. It makes him sigh. “You can pull my hair, too.”
“Lorna!” Dean calls out finally, shocking Cas with the wrong name. “Could you please get my devastatingly handsome companion here some Grey Goose? Seems he’s not a Coors fan.”
“Got you, baby.”
“Please do.”
That shuts Jo up.
“It’s not.”
Dean nods and swallows. They fall silent again. Uncertainty surrounds them. Cas seems to be either unwilling to speak or incapable of it, but for once Dean can read the expression on his face clear as day:
“I’ll go,” Adam stands. “Getting the clap just from sitting here.”
“Me?”
“Hey, Cas?”
“Cas,” he asks. “Your parents’re married, ain’t they?”
Just say it.
It goes on.
Cas makes a deep grumbling sound.
“Shut up.”
“Oh.” And Dean immediately stills. He’d been talking with his hands, flailing them about.
Cas puts on a Texas drawl. “I surely do.” It’s actually pretty good.
“Hello.”
“I’m coming, I’m coming,” says Dean, seemingly oblivious. He throws the shirt back on the floor and flops down beside Cas. “Yes, your highness?”
Cas kisses him again, gentle, chaste. “We could watch a movie. Or go for a walk.”
“You don’t get to decide everything,” Dean continues, pointing angrily at Cas. “You don’t get to decide how I feel, or what I want, or what the best thing is. Understand? We do that together.”
“We was,” Dean agrees, holding Cas’s cock tight in his hand, moving up and down it nice and slow.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That only works if you actually wash them, Dean.”
While Cas is delayed by the dog in his path, Dean descends the stairs ahead of him. “Alright, quit it, you two. I got news.”
She waggles her fingers from her perch on her bed. “Howdy there, blue-eyes.”
Dean takes a deep breath. Bal is rubbing his back. Cas is still staring him in the eye. He breathes out.
“Great. I’m armed.” Dean keeps pacing, mind in a busy flurry, restocking all his memories, putting moments into new context. He thinks over each one of them, eye color, hair color, height, trying to find patterns where there weren’t any to find.
So you’re saying the Empty is… Chuck.
“He knows it. He’ll come around.”
“What else do you like?”
From an audience of Dean, Cas, three dusty cowboys, and a waitress.
Cas kisses him, just the corner of his lips, just gently. “Shut up,” he whispers, trying to hold the anger back.
Cas blinks and looks away. “I don’t know about that. And you have to realize that Balthazar was both. To tell Jack otherwise would still be a lie.”
“Coffee, darlin’. You want some?”
Cas tilts his head, removing his hat and vest. “I had a winning hand. It was purely random.”
Here’s to making it.
I AM SORRY STOP COULD NOT THINK STRAIGHT STOP
Cas just stares. He’s not used to Dean actually answering questions about sex. Usually Dean got uncomfortable, worming his way out of the conversation or directing Cas to pornography. It’s weird to see him so comfortable now, eyes closed, hips thrusting slowly into Cas’s hand.
Unsatisfyingly short, but certainly promising.
TALK WHEN YOU GET HERE STOP YOU ARE STILL MY BEAU STOP
Dean counters. “Ain’t one of y'all can cook. At least here Benny cooks us supper sometimes,” Dean uncorks the whiskey bottle. “Cajun stuff. Rice and beans and shit.”
“Had to pick up a rodeo cowboy in Durango who thought he was hot shit.”
“You are helping, stupid.” Dean kisses him. “Stupid, idiot man. Sweetest, kindest, soul I ever met. Shut your stupid mouth. Talking nonsense.”
“Yes.” The answer is quiet, almost a whisper, but it’s low, and it’s still got that grit to it.
“No, I ain’t. I’m just more fun.”
But the voices in the hall retreat, no matter how much he yells.
That one gets applause.
Perfect face is quiet. The older man chuckles.
“That’s my specialty.”
Cas shrugs again. “I don’t spend much.”
please
It shouldn’t be this hard. We shouldn’t have to fight all the time. Aren’t you tired, Chuck? Don’t you want to enjoy your work?
It didn’t matter anyway, anymore, whether Dean loved him or could love him or would ever even consider loving him. Once Kelly Kline was dead, Dean would hate him. It was as simple as that.
It’s not like sex is all he wants. But Cas wouldn’t understand if he asked for more. There wasn’t time for more. Dean wishes there was. How the hell was he supposed to figure all this out now, at the eleventh hour? Cas deserved time. Cas deserved— hell, Dean didn’t know. Better than him, anyway. Better than the Darkness.
“It isn’t too rough?”
“I call,” says Cas cooly.
“Well, I can read that you’re distracted now.”
“Does Bela often do this for you?” Cas asks.
Dean clears his throat. “They, uh, they’re gonna— I don’t really—“
“Josie-Jo?” he whispers.
Dean just stares. Was it that easy?
“Yes, Dean.” Cas’s breathing is ragged. Hell.
“Shoot. Don’t talk pretty like you. College boy here.” Dean sways as he walks, bumping Cas’s shoulder again.
Dean gets a telegram back two days later.
Cas nods, still open.
“What?”
“You hain’t told him?”
“Even the bullshit errands?”
Cas squints. He stares at Dean. He tilts his head. Fucking idiot.
“Howdy.” Dean smiles despite himself. The word might would sound half-natural, but Cas is still too stiff, still saying it like he’s trying to be Texan instead of practically being one for over a decade. It would never sound completely natural, Dean realizes, coming out of Cas’s mouth, and it didn’t have anything to do with being a Yankee. That was just Cas, how he talked.
“He has room and board anyway, long as he’s mooching off my stupid ass.”
says Bal. “I love being Texan already.”
“You’re gonna laugh.”
CHUCK
“I’d like to. We could arrange couches around it… here… and here. Sam and his wife— did you tell me her name?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas. Talk to me.”
“Perhaps we should take this outside?” suggests Balthazar nervously.
“Yes, darlin’.”
Cas lets his finger go. “I am literally shopping for a property in town to live on forever.”
God, couldn’t Sam have given him a better hint? Every instinct in him is saying to keep his mouth shut, and Sam had to go and tell him to sing like a canary. And what should his story be, anyhow? Had anyone even seen Cas get back to town other than his family, Jo, and Jo’s girls?
“That good, baby?” Dean asks.
Dean doesn’t remember it that way. He starts walking again, and Sam follows behind him.
“Better.”
“Hotcakes. And any idiot can make ‘em.” Dean grabs some with his fork and loads them on his plate. He spreads jam over them, then moves his fried egg on top. He cuts through the whole thing, letting the yolk run down the middle.
“You know you’re my best friend, Cas.”
The girls had the more straightforward job. Men came in, found one they liked, paid Sister Jo, and they ran off upstairs. That, or the men found Sister Jo, told her what they liked, she chose a girl for them, and they ran off upstairs. The boys had a little dance to do first. Most customers didn’t even realize Dean and Benny were on the menu, and it was true that, often as not, they were working the door or the bar instead, making themselves look tough and throwing out troublemakers.
Technically no Dean, but his presence is felt I assure you. Besides, featured here you'll find: Cas and Crowley bitching at each other, bitter ex!Crowley, jealous!Cas, Cas’s view on the 11x23 no homo debacle, a certain someone's business card, and The Mixtape
“Can I… see you?”
“That’s fine. I got a little saved. It’ll be like a vacation for me.”
Balthazar objects to this loudly.
“Generally, the other person gags me.” Dean looks at Cas, then smiles, like he likes what he sees.
“How is he?”
“Just money, huh. Well, remind me never to break up with no rich boy.”
They enter summer proper, and it turns hot as hell as they head farther south. Dean is glad that they’re going downhill for it, and even more glad when the land flattens out and there are no more hills or mesas to dodge. Most of the journey passes that way— hot, flat, and dusty, with brothers arguing in Dean’s ears and hope for the future in his heart.
Dean closes his eyes and braces for impact.
no longer a celestial wavelength, and of course it made Dean feel guilty, to take delight in something that Cas hated, but there it was. He’d been happy. And then Gadreel—
I did.
“Best hop to.”
“Drink?”
“Don’t bullshit me, sweetheart. And don’t worry, neither. You’re my last—hell, only— client of the night. Don’t matter none if there’s a little mess.”
Dean bites his lip. The future is suddenly exciting. He can’t seem to stop smiling. “You gonna be good to me, darlin’?”
“You gonna take a nap?”
But as soon as she’s out of earshot—
“Dean,” Cas moans. Shit. The guy was getting carried away.
“Uh. My momma had a spoon about something.”
Dean shakes his head. “He ain’t scared of me. Ain’t scared of nothing.”
“So good to me. Good little whore boy.”
It’s the wrong answer. Cas’s expression flickers with concern. Dean rolls his eyes.
“Try it out, Cas. Give me a sentence.”
“I know so. Anybody gives you a problem, you send them over and I’ll fuck ‘em queer for you.”
THE ROAD SO FAR: Instead of a teaser, this episode features an extra-long "Road so Far" compliation, featuring the following clips: Becky roasts Chuck’s ending (a shot of that gravestone on the cover), a line explaining that all Chuck wants is brother vs brother violence, line stating that Amara can’t hurt Dean, Chuck absorbs Amara, Eileen exists did you know that, Miracle the dog too, Dean tells Jack to sacrifice himself, Jack DOES, the Winchesters defeat Chuck but they Die Miserably Anyway, Sam’s death scene, Dean’s death scene, the bit of Dean's speech about 01x01, maybe some of 01x01 to go with it, Cas’s ‘I love you’, Supercut of Dean acting GAY and Sam calling him GAY, including Dean confessing that “There are people… feelings that I want to experience differently”, his “gay thing,” Dean admits that he’s angry all the time and DOESNT KNOW WHY, one of the many lines about whether it's possible to retire from hunting. All of this ends with: Bobby greets Dean in Heaven, “I think I’ll go for a drive”, the boys meet up in Heaven and drive away and we watch from an aerial shot. The music fades away but the car keeps driving. Something isn’t right.
“Then ask me properly.”
“Oh.”
“You’re in a bath now. Just relax, angel. Look at us here together. Finally off your damn horse and someplace nice. Here, turn around.”
Dean stops pacing and pats his chest. His pockets are empty. His eyes focus on his bed.
There’s no going back now.
“Good. Hungry.”
“Women can own property in Texas?”
“All those extra pages you done wrote for me.”
“—Wasn’t just you, though, was it?”
“Well, may could just be good for him. Something different. Exciting. He ain’t a real cowpoke, Cas. Not like you. He don’t got the patience for it. Boredom’s real bad, for a man like that. He’s hurting.”
Dean’s face cracks into a smile. “You know it.”
Cas's pov next! ;o Should have only 3/4 of the emotional issues that Dean has.
“Oh, he did. It was a long time coming for him, though. Opium and spirits and women. Men, too, and father knew about them, but no one ever talked about it so
Cas rests a hand between Dean’s shoulder blades, and Dean can feel himself relaxing just from the touch, like his skin turned to hot wax.
“True enough.” Somehow Cas’s voice has turned soft and smooth. “I vastly prefer fucking you. You’re a particularly loud fuck.”
“Right.”
Dean sighs. “Good.”
THANK YOU STOP CANNOT PROMISE THAT STOP KMISS YOU TOO STOP
“What?”
He wants to say something.
He can’t call anyone; it’s five thirty am. He puts his extra set of sheets on the mattress and tucks in the edges extra tight like the good motels do it. He slides into the bed, squished as flat as he can. The bed feels real. The sheets feel real.
“You shouldn’t drink so much,” says Dean.
had been Sam’s question. Dean really had forgotten to ask. It didn’t seem that important, all told. Dean thinks he gets it already, anyway. He couldn’t explain it to Sammy if he tried. But he gets it.
“Huh?” Dean’s lost track of where he is. Had Cas been talking?
“Yes?”
“Then you’re in charge tonight,” Cas says, fingering Dean’s lips. “Do you know what that means?” But Dean doesn’t get to answer, as Cas’s thumb pushes into his mouth as soon as it opens. Dean sucks obediently. “You have to make fucking me just as good, if not better than, fucking you. You’ve got your work cut out for you, I’d say.”
Dean blinks at the question. “What?”
“Me, neither.”
“You been sleeping good?”
“I look good in my hat.”
“Okay.”
“Can I say you look good, period?”
Sam plunges his knife through Dean’s heart, but Dean CAN’T DO IT. He pulls up short. There’s a horrible moment as Sam REALIZES he’s stabbed his brother. Sam begins to PANIC.
Of course Bela just turns it around. “What do you have for me?”
Dean shakes his head. “You’re wigged, man. We should stop.”
“Ain't,” Dean promises, every muscle in his body tense.
“The hell are you making all this racket for, so early in the goddamn morning?” Rufus asks, only half dressed and walking down the drive.
“Oh. Right.” Castiel just stares down at him, stares down like he wants to be the one sucking Dean off. “I’ll be quiet.”
“Good. I’m always good. How ‘bout you?” he asks, lathering up Cas’s chest now. “You done made good use of my picture?” That was something sexy, an easy icebreaker they could talk about. Dean grabs ahold of it.
Their eyes meet. Dean is breathing heavily, eyes wide, lips pink. Cas thinks for a second he’s said something stupid, but he can’t bring himself to care. He does love Dean. It feels good to say it. It feels good not to hide.
Cas obeys, awkwardly climbing to sit in Dean’s lap, where Dean can more easily wash his hair. Dean scrubs him thoroughly, rubbing slowly with his fingers, massaging every part of his head. He leans forward to kiss Cas’s ear.
“I don’t believe so.”
“No.” And Dean finds himself up against the wall of his stubborn-as-a-jackass brother.
Cas ignores him, staring out the window again. “You sucked him off? That’s all two dollars pays for, right? The tiger?”
Cas exhales.
He needs
(To Sam and Eileen)
“Dean,” Cas groans, not warning anymore, just long and low and hard, then it’s quiet for a minute, just the sounds of their bodies coming together and their breaths escaping, before Cas’s voice returns, faster and higher and eager. “You like me fucking you?”
Cas gives in.
“Oh. Uh. That’s fucked up.”
Cas doesn’t have any words of comfort for him, and neither does Bal. Dean wipes his face while they pack up, and then they ride back to town. Throat sore and head pounding, Dean explains the situation as they go. Bal asks a few questions, but Cas stays quiet. Dean wonders if he’s gonna be scared off by the whole thing.
“…Yeah.”
He kisses Cas again, because it seems like the thing to do, then settles down next to him, head on his shoulder, hand on his chest, cozy as can be.
Cas falls silent and Dean starts the car. They pull onto the main road: a straight, flat line. The grass around them is brown and dry. Kansas in fall.
The Empty shrieks, but Dean has it now, he thinks he’s figured it out, and he reaches his other hand out to Cas, grabs on to him, and starts to pray.
“I love it when you anything.”
Sad blue eyes. Wide and deep bags underneath them. A nose straight enough to cut steel, little pink lips that are dry from Texas heat, hair that’s been left long enough to curl to the man’s chin. Short but thick black scruff that Dean knows hides a sharp jawline underneath.
Air escapes Cas’s chest; his balled fist wanders lower down his thigh. “But you’re already hard,” he says.
“Distressed.”
“They let men who disown their sons be senators?”
“Dean?”
“Alright.”
and neither answer could possibly satisfy. Cas ignores him and proceeds slowly through the now-green traffic light.
“‘M kissing you.”
“That, then.”
“What?” Dean insists.
“You were defending yourself,” says Cas.
“Huh.” Cas watches the idea settle into Dean’s brain. A smile spreads across his features. “Yeah, why not?”
It’s amazing how he can look exactly the same, and yet different. He looks better, actually, than he had ten years ago, Dean thinks. He’s grown into his features, his face filled out nicely so that his high cheekbones don’t jut so far from his face. He’s rounder now, wider, a little hunched in the back. There’s a droop to his eyelids; a sadness in his eyes.
Cas pulls away and Dean groans.
It doesn’t make any sense, when Dean looks up to greet the next customers who come in, and Cas is standing there in the doorway. For a second Dean thinks he’s actually driven himself insane, and then Sister Jo opens her mouth.
It’s the word
Dean shrugs. “Wife don’t mind it none. They both invited me to stay the night before, too, but that didn’t seem right. I woulda just ignored the lady, you know. Not fair to her.”
“Hell with him. Don’t never have to talk to him again.”
Cas. Cas, I—
“Baby?” Cas is dazed, too dazed to wonder what ‘the talk’ could refer to. The jackets fall to the floor. He barely registers Dean’s hands on his hips, walking him backwards. Baby.
Cas looks at him. He wonders what Dean is thinking, and whether or not they’re doing this correctly. “Thank you,” he says. “So do you.”
Dean is the first to get up from the table.
The problem, stupidly enough, was Crowley. Long before Lucifer had possessed Castiel, while Dean was struggling with the Mark of Cain and they were forced to work together again, Crowley had made comments to him about Dean—the sort of comments with untoward implications, the sort designed to make Cas’s skin crawl. They had a pointed, bitter tone to them.
Dean swallows down all the feelings he just recovered. Jack puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder, stares at him intensely. Dean stares back. Jack can feel his feelings, knows the truth that Dean is trying to repress for the trillionth time.
“You know that’s a load of crap, right?”
“Thank you. I’ll have to record that review for posterity.”
Cas’s head tilts. It’s really him. He’s alive. He’s three feet away. “Why do you say that?”
“So we’re in agreement,” says Cas, satisfied. “You’ll tell Sam when we get back.”
Cas hits Dean a few more times on the torso, then he approaches the bed. He kisses Dean’s back, leans down and kisses his side, tries to reach everywhere he hit.
“Yeah, it’s alright. Will he buy me breakfast again?”
“Enough of that, now.”
FOUND A JEW STOP SAYS YOU ARE LIKE TO DIE FROM TOO MANY BEANS STOP I SAY COWBOYS ARE IMMUNE STOP HAG PESA SAMEYA STOP
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“Thank you, darlin’. And, hey. Let’s do this again sometime, alright?”
“Don’t think so much, then.”
“You’re the one who wanted to play.”
“For me.”
“Yes.”
“—No, I ain’t done yet. And I ain’t looking for pity. The point is— The point is, this is serious, Cas. And like I said, it ain’t about who, or why. It’s him. His feelings need somewhere to go. And I’m his favorite target.”
The angel’s tone is clipped. “Castiel’s schedule is full. He might have something a few years from now?”
When they come back in, Donna’s in the hall. She meets Dean’s gaze with a sort of wide-eyed expression. “Oh, Dean-o,” she says, with a combination of pity and anxiety.
“Have even a modicum of concern for your own mortality. Please.”
“I’ll wait here,” he says. Dean looks back curiously. Cas is smiling beautifully up at the sky. “I want to look at the stars.”
“Don’t pretend you don’t have an opinion.”
“Hm.” Cas’s lips press to Dean’s neck gently. Dean can feel himself relaxing despite himself, the warmth of Cas’s body soaking into him. It had only been a day, really, but he’d missed this.
Cas presses their lips together, short and sweet. Dean opens his eyes to see a goddamn angel looking back at him. He was that good.
“In his way. Hate can keep a man alive, too.”
“So I can?”
CHUCK
Cas shoots a challenging glare at Dean. “You’re a real son of a bitch, you know that?” he says, then he downs the whole damn drink.
“Good morning, Dean.” Cas is sitting at the kitchen table with Eileen. Safe and sound. Dean blinks and forces himself to relax.
“Don’t I know it.”
“Great. I’m so glad you two have each other.” Dean turns away from this horror and opens the fridge.
“Did you let them fuck you?” Cas asks.
“I thought you didn’t like me wearing it.”
They stare at each other for another minute, and Dean comes to understand that Cas isn’t going to invite himself to sit. He must be waiting for Dean to shoot him, or tell him to get the hell out of town, but Dean can’t bring himself to do much of anything except stare.
That line crossed, Cas retreats in shame. Dean attempts to talk it out, but Cas is unable to. Cas realizes that the problem with their relationship has been a lack of communication, and that keeping his feelings to himself is the thing keeping him so unhappy. He tells Dean they shouldn’t have sex anymore, and asks Dean to leave.
“Thank you.”
“Yeah, alright,” sighs Dean, slaphappy.
“I said not to bullshit me, cowboy.”
“Hey, Cas.”
“When will you ever find time for me?”
Dean breathes a sigh of relief. He isn’t ready to answer. He needs water, eggs, bread.
Dean can’t even leave the bar for one more hour.
“I didn’t share any personal details,” Cas clarifies. “I thought Eileen might be able to help me with my problem.”
Dean walks Cas back to the bedroom, but doesn’t go in with him. Instead, he knocks on the door across the hall.
winning hand,” Dean tries to make his tone exasperated, but his heart isn’t in it. “And I’m the one winked at you, not the other way ‘round.”
Finally, Dean’s hands still and his heart stops pounding and he whispers, “Why’re we always fighting, Cas?”
“Answer.”
“Don’t. Fergus—”
“Well, the kid did a damn good job.”
“Oh.”
“Jack is here, Dean. And I didn’t mean to be so precise. This body could be from anytime in the past year. You had many things to be happy about— a home, a family.”
“Do you
He slides out of his pants.
“I—felt guilty, that’s why. Knowed I shouldn’t’a done it soon as it was done. Shouldn’t’a yelled at you about it, neither.” Dean buries his head back in his hands. He’d meant to apologize, to play nice. He hadn’t meant to pull out the John Winchester rage, hadn’t even known it was there, but of course it was always there, bubbling beneath the surface, just waiting for Cas to fuck up. “I’m sorry,” he says again. “Didn’t mean to rip out on you like that.”
“You take care, Dean.”
Charlie looks at him hopelessly. “I could do his taxes.”
“I gotta work,” says Dean, trying to say it right, say it sorry, say it like the tragedy it was.
“Glorious,” Cas assures him. “It’s been months.” He stretches out as far as he can in the tub, knees just dipping below the water.
“…What should I do?”
“Don’t see them much.”
“How do I look?” Dean asks eagerly, wriggling his arms. His hands are in fact starting to fall asleep, so he flexes them. Cas comes and unties him.
rutting his hips up into Cas’s hand. “Not tonight, baby.”
“It will.”
we yell at each other,” she suggests, “unless y’all enjoy getting found out.”
And wasn’t that something, with the two of them always threatening to shoot each other, with John running him off, and Bobby fucking his wife. But Dean remembers them getting along, more so than John had with anybody else. Bobby shakes his head, pulls out his flask, and takes a drink.
Sammy, if we don’t come back from this—
Cas looks out at the room. “So, what are we doing?”
He reads the letter again.
that’s just… been beaten out of you. You’re whipped, Cassie. They’ve tamed you. They’re not your friends, they’re your owners and you’re their pet. You’re their little angel on a string.”
upset, Cas.”
There’s a pause. Cas’s voice is almost suspicious-sounding when he asks, “What are
Cas steps on his toe.
“Shoot, I really ain’t gonna get to have any fun, huh?” Dean teases. “Sleepy man like you.”
“You’re wigged, man. We should stop.”
“What about you?”
“It wasn’t.” Cas gives him this look.
“Cas, I gotta move.”
They stare at each other for a moment, then they each stare at nothing.
He starts talking nonsense. He tells Cas he’s gorgeous, he’s perfect, he’s beautiful. He keeps talking, meanwhile Cas is going insane from want, leaking into his too-slow hand. Dean won’t shut up. Cas grabs Dean forcibly by the back of his head and pulls him close, staring at him in his stupid, beautiful eyes.
“Don’t never want to spend another night away from you,” says Dean, that feeling inside of him spilling over. “Hated the last ten years. Didn’t even realize how much, til last night. Happiest I been in ages. Then today was even better.”
Cas’s thumb wanders to Dean’s lips, and Dean’s mouth opens at his touch, his tongue sliding forward for a taste. Cas pulls him closer and Dean swallows him down obediently, thinking maybe this isn’t so far from love, after all. If Cas wanted him, this wasn’t so bad. If Cas wanted him, this was almost— almost what he wanted. Dean rarely gets so much.
“Yeah?”
“You’re not going to do it again.”
“Get fucked.”
“You don’t have to come, Dean,” says Eileen gently.
“Hm.” Cas muses, urgency lost. “I hated baby.”
No, no. Cas had to know already. And if Cas somehow hadn’t figured it out by now, telling him would only make Dean’s disappearance more confusing. It certainly wouldn’t help anything. It wouldn’t make Cas love him back.
Cas kisses him, and Dean kisses back, rubbing up against him despite the pain. Cas pulls him up, pushing the shirt from his shoulders. “You want my cock?”
“You don’t
“Further east.”
What?
“Yeah, yeah, so what gives?”
“Go on.”
Dean means it rhetorically, but Cas makes a low, rumbling sound of agreement that sends butterflies through his stomach. Dean grabs the little stool and pulls it over behind Cas’s head. He rolls up his frilly sleeves.
Dean calms Sue-Anne; she had wanted to run off with the others. “Don’t you rip out on me, Sam. You ain’t got a clue what you’re talking about.”
“Oh. Okay.”
Cas’s expression doesn’t change, but his grip tightens, slowly, in Dean’s hair, and Dean finds himself arching his neck, tensing into it as Cas’s eyes inspect his reaction. It wasn’t just a feeling from those eyes anymore; Cas could see all of him. Cas had seen all of him. Cas kisses him, hard and possessive, and it makes Dean gasp when he pulls away. A finger traces down Dean’s stretched neck, tickling him as those eyes watch. Dean does his best to breathe, almost sobbing with how hard it is. Cas was really there. “How do you want to be good?” Cas whispers.
“Well, count me in.”
“What did you tell him?” Dean asks.
And of course there was that first sentence, the one Cas had deemed most important.
Cas forces himself to breathe deeply. Dean’s eyes rake over his body. Dean’s hands are right on his chest. Dean’s thighs are holding him in place. Their crotches are so close. Dean had to know that. He had to have done it on purpose. Finally, one of Dean’s hands finds Cas’s neck and pulls him down, and Cas bends awkwardly to kiss him. He doesn’t stick his whole tongue in Dean’s mouth this time. He holds back, kissing and sucking and only licking a little. He lets Dean’s tongue do the exploring, lets Dean push into him. He groans. It’s impossible. Infuriating. He presses closer, his crotch just above Dean’s, pressing into his stomach. Dean’s breathing hitches.
“Yeah?”
“Fuck,” Cas mutters. “Fuck.” He pulls out gingerly. “Sorry, I—fuck.”
“Yup.”
“Thought you wanted to ruin me. You don’t like it even a little bit? Don’t want to draw me all pink and fucked-looking?” Dean lets a hand wander down to Cas’s neck.
Then Cas bends him over the kitchen table.
“Wasn’t nothing.”
“Calm down. We ain’t gonna drink that much. And if we do, I’ll keep you from wandering off, alright?”
Dean scolds himself.
This earns him a kiss. “Wanna fuck you so good,” Cas growls. “Wanna make you call out my name.”
Dean nods again.
Balthazar doesn’t respond to that, busy covering the entire piano as he plays. Cas leans in to Dean’s ear, sending a thrill down his spine.
Cas smiles. He finds some papers in his bag, sits back down, and writes the address out for him. They stare at each other for a moment, fingers touching as Cas hands Dean the paper. The sun’s up proper now. Dean was supposed to keep an eye out for that neighbor lady, but he’d gone and forgot. He slips the address into his pocket.
Donna already agreed to cover the bar for him tomorrow; he had to let her work tonight. Poor girl needed commission money, too.
Cas smiles at him through the sides of his eyes, which are soft and kind as anything. Dean really can’t stay mad.
Insults are traded, creative ones, words Dean hasn’t heard for a long time, words that make his head and chest throb. Words in a voice that he knows better than his own.
“Seven years and two months,” says Jack.
“Talk to me, darlin’.”
Dean awakens with Cas wrapped around his waist, the sun blaring in his eyes, birds screaming up a storm, and his bladder complaining. He squints and blinks up into the clear sky. Now that he’s awake, he doesn’t understand how he can have slept through it all: the bright sun, the chirping birds, the hard ground, Cas’s body, hot and sweaty around him.
“I mean it. I’m real sorry, darlin’.”
“You are, Dean. You came because you wanted to. But you can come again if you want to. You can take my cock if you want to. You can do whatever you want.”
, Dean, from building a thing that you don’t keep?
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” but Sam is laughing harder than ever. “Where did you even take him? Happy hour and then McDonald’s?”
to watch; there’s so much
“Sorry.” Dean quiets. He stares at Cas, shadowed and mysterious in the dark, under the live oaks. The wind blows through the leaves and dapples moonlight over the grass. It sends a chill through Dean; he reaches for one of the blankets and pulls it over them both.
Dean, can I—
“You, Dean. I think about you.”
“At what?”
“Thanks, Jo.” Dean tries to slow his beating heart. “Alright. Come on, Bal.” Dean gestures to him and walks out the front door.
Cas lifts a finger to Dean’s lips and brushes them gently. Dean’s mouth opens.
(Casually)
Cas gets in Dean’s face, still yelling at him, and the world feels hazy.
Cas looks at him, eyes wide and blue while Dean just waits there, wide open and waiting, until Dean starts to squirm.
Before you started defying all my plans.
“Castiel.”
“Yeah?” Cas smiles down at him.
“Perfect.” Dean pulls out some bacon and begins frying it. “Where’re Sammy and Jack?”
(Yes.) Dean rubs his eyes. He’s not scared, just creeped out.
Chuck levels his gaze at Sam, but, after a moment, rolls his eyes and SNAPS his fingers, teleporting to the witness stand and into his everyday clothes.
Dean’s almost blown off his seat, though he doesn’t move a muscle. “‘Solution?’” he asks. “The man ain’t a ‘problem,’ Bobby, he’s— he was a man. A person.” Bobby doesn’t answer, and Dean can feel his voice rising louder in his chest. “He was your
Balthazar turns to Dean. “You know, some days I wonder why I’ve entrusted that man with my sobriety at all.”
one there to answer.
Cas stops walking. Dean feels the tug on his hand and stops, too. Cas is little more than a shadow behind him, but Dean watches as he drops the reins and pulls him into a hug. Dean stands there awkwardly.
He drops his head back onto Cas’s chest.
spends horny out of his mind. He’s been waiting for Cas, just like Cas asked, though it’s been harder this time around. It’s easier than ever for him to think of Cas, to remember Cas’s reaction to his chastity and get horny as hell, and on top of that, business has been busier. There were more people fucking him, more of Dean grasping at sheets in desperation, pinching himself, biting his own hand to try and keep from touching himself. Most of his clients liked it, though some of them seemed near as frustrated as he was. Dean explained to them that it was a game he was playing with himself. Not all of them respected that, but Dean was able to swat them away before anything happened. He kept himself for Cas.
“Drink?” Dean offers.
(Really a reaction to 14x10, but the Billie scene is in 14x11)
pps can u believe that in the CW’s Supernatural Cas really died and came back to life without any character development from the experience? But then again why should he be different than any other character
“Hell, Cas.”
“Don’t,” says Dean before she can start.
or they
“Shoot, I know that.”
“You got a little one in the other room, remember?”
“I’m alright.”
Cas is climbing off him and muttering words in a language Dean doesn’t understand. “Dean, you said you wanted— in your letter—“
That word is offensive in relation to this, but Cas’s can’t explain the absurdism of such a question right now; he’s lost any ability to do so, and Dean’s right there and this is so stupid, Dean’s right
“Jo, I might need to talk to you,” says Dean.
“She got lonely, is all. Wanted a friend.”
Cas kisses him quiet. They thrust hard against each other, then Dean is fumbling at Cas’s belt buckle and, cursing, Cas gets up and removes his britches and shirt. Dean gets his own britches down and is halfway through his shirtbuttons when Cas climbs back onto him and takes over.
Dean glares back; he doesn’t know what Death is getting at.
“It gets better the more you drink. Personally, I don’t mind the taste.” Dean glances downward pointedly and then winks, sending the innuendo home.
“I’m sorry.”
Sam looks at Cas. “Uh, I just. We’re low on paper towels. So, if you do decide to go, can you get some?”
“Get up and check your blood flow, then get on the bed,” Cas replies quietly, choosing to ignore Dean’s break in character in light of his own. “Face down. On your knees. Cuff yourself to the frame.”
“No, dumbass. What’s it mean.”
And that floors him. Dean gets up, even as Cas starts to protest. He grabs his shirt off the ground. He starts heading to the door.
“Shit,” Dean mutters.
Next up: Cas asserts himself (we’re skipping the divorce folks)
Dean groans in agreement.
Scene 16 int. THE EMPTY
“We could take a vacation.”
“You’re riding tonight.” Cas had a point, though, and Dean wishes he hadn’t brought it up. The plan had been to do this yesterday, so they could really go to town and Cas would have a day to recover, but of course Crowley had ruined that. “Ready for three?”
God, the relief Dean feels from that must be plastered all over his face. He nods, as if confirming plans. As if he was in any way in control of the situation. “Good. And you’re really not gonna tell me what happened?”
It’s Dean’s turn to falter for a second, surprised as Cas goes all the way down Dean’s unreasonably long list of siblings after ten years apart. The man couldn’t be real. “Krissy—well, there ain’t really ‘outlaws’ anymore but, uh, let’s just say she’s around. She lets me know what she’s up to. No good, mostly. And Jo’s been competing in the rodeo.”
“—It is. And you don’t have to defend my actions, certainly not to me. I know what I did. I’m comfortable with it, and I’ve accepted the consequences.”
Dean yells as he comes, the orgasm ripping through him suddenly, come spurting onto his chest, dick emptying onto him, and his ass still feels good, oversensitive and tingly, and Cas is fucking him harder than ever, he has to be close to coming, he
“What?”
Cas’s lips brush his ear as he asks, “I thought you liked to get fucked?”
Another.
“Woah. Hey. You okay, man?”
“You contributed.”
Cas gives him this look, and runs a hand down his cheek. “Darling man. I don’t enjoy suspense, either.”
Dean shakes his head. All he can do is shake his head. Maybe if he did the world would see reason. “You really just let him go?”
Chuck must’ve taken something from you.
“Fuck.”
“I don’t give a hoot.”
Dean nods. “I’ll go see if I can find his horse.”
Chuck waves at Mohinder. Mohinder continues to be wigged.
“But, I—“
“Hello.”
“Benny?”
“Dean,” Cas says breathily, circling his hole. “You should know. You’re in the Kingdom of Heaven now.”
“Dean?” Cas asks, alarmed, putting a hand on his waist.
“It was an accident,” he says.
about the obscene things that he’s done to—“
“I can tell Meg and Jo we shouldn’t sell him nothing. Can go tell ‘em now.”
A second later their hats are on the ground, knocked there as Dean steps into Cas, kissing him, holding him close, like if he can just hold Cas tight enough, he’ll stay forever.
Oops. “Does that happen a lot, me brain-paging you without meaning to?” He was going to have to be more careful with his thoughts.
“This what you want, darlin’? Like how you do for me?”
“I hurt you, didn’t I?” Dean asks. “Wasn’t being careful.”
“Mm. Feels good when you say it. You been so good to me today. I wonder what you’re fixing to do to me tonight, while you have me for real and in-person? I wonder what else you’re going to remember doing to me when you’re out there. You gonna tell me about it?”
“I’m serious, Dean. You could get hurt. You have to talk to me.”
“Some. But I told them no.”
outside of room three in years.
Dean turns back around on his stool and decides to smile pretty.
Dean can’t help but smile bashfully, even as he blows air out his mouth at Cas’s half-Texan twang. The other boys were gonna eat him alive, weren’t they? He isn’t sure he remembers how to act like a man.
“It’s a difficult question. I suppose, other than being a man, a prostitute, and a gentile—“
And from his jacket pocket, Bobby pulls something that Dean thought he’d never see again. It’s a tiny .41 caliber Remington Model 95 double derringer, a silver one, with a pearl grip. Bobby hands it over and Dean traces over the scratches in it, the crack in the pearl from when he, not knowing any better, had picked the thing up and his momma had knocked it from his hand trying to get it away from him, the black stain on the other side. It’s too small in his hand now, like a toy. Dean unhooks the lever on the bottom and clicks open the two little barrels. It’s loaded. He clicks it shut again and fastens it tight.
“What
Dean’s quiet at that. School for Sam had been a dream for the two of them for a long time, something Charlie had always wanted but never been able to have, and something Dean could never even imagine for himself. School for Sam meant money, real money, respectability, maybe even land outside of Campbell Ranch. School for Sam meant freedom from the yoke of John Winchester, maybe for all of them.
“Oh, just bits of this and that thrown together. Nothing harmful.”
He knows you don’t care, right?
Cas glares at him.
I didn’t grant you existence so you could try to manipulate me.
“Cas is coming in tomorrow,” Dean explains. “He hain’t eaten no bread for weeks.”
“I can see that,” replies Jo, unenthused.
Hell. His eyes burn. Too early in the day for this shit. He should’ve puked last night.
Scene 21: Int. Supercop Courtroom. Day.
Cas shakes his head and walks back to the bed. Dean intercepts him by the hips and angles him away from his old spot on the mattress and closer to Dean, so that he’s standing right in front of him, between his legs.
“Said something about a business something,” Dean remembers. “When we was leaving.”
“The story goes, Rachmaninoff had a dream that he was attending a funeral. When he reached the casket, he discovered his own body laid inside.”
“Here we are.”
Cas sighs and leans back, eyes closed. He rests his hands on his stomach.
It feels real good, holding her.
“I’m uninjured,” he says grouchily.
“I am.”
we won’t be able to join tomorrow’s drive.”
Dean is genuinely surprised to hear this. Jack holds his arms back out and this time Dean accepts the hug. He’s surprised when Jack clings to him before letting go. This kid is too good for this world. They separate.
Spread from his back are two giant wings.
“I did.”
He can’t stand his own mind when he’s like this, going but unable to stop. He’s itching, if not for motion, then for booze, for something to gum him up, slow him down and stop him thinking so much.
“I taught you the Yiddish word for ‘soulmate.’”
“I’ll put these away for you. Go on, loverboy.”
“I can see that. If you want a bath—”
“And you’re always swallowing it. How come it’s more disgusting if it’s in your shithole? That’s where the—“
“No?”
“That’ll be all,” she says, putting her checkbook away and scooting back from the desk.
“It’s okay, baby. Gonna ride you good, baby. Is that okay?”
That hits Dean like a punch to the gut. He hadn’t even realized he’d been clinging to the thought, the still-fresh memory of John, angry and tied to a fencepost
Dean looks away. It’s true, but this feels different. He doesn’t want to kill himself. He doesn’t want to kill Sam. It doesn’t feel like fighting. What if it goes wrong?
“Please what?”
He stares at Dean the whole time.
it’s still too slow to be great, but it’s good and getting better. There’s a pressure building in him and Dean can easily see the potential for once they really get going. Shit, he can imagine them going at it, this same feeling, but more. Cas groans above him as they find the rhythm together, rolling their hips into each other, small smacks punctuating the still room.
A wet breath. John’s eyes meet his.
drunkest. It’s all the same, right? Only difference is, he actually lived on the ranch with us, and you fucked off to yours. Boy, Momma sure could pick ‘em, huh? You know, you once told us you was our family. I didn’t realize you meant this.” He thrusts the derringer accusatorially at Bobby’s face.
“Most nights, I reckon. Make myself do it. Fall asleep looking at your picture.”
“—Said you’d be quiet, didn’t you?” Dean lifts up to meet Cas’s gaze. Cas lowers himself back to the rug. He should go. He should really have gone.
Cas sighs. “The black one suits you better.”
“I—yes.” Conceptually, theoretically, yes.
“Whores do. I’m not running an inn here, Dean. You want to give up your pay for the night and find a room someplace else, be my guest. But this is my house, my room—”
“Yes,” says Cas.
Dean and Cas go SHOPPING. Cas gets impatient.
“Dean,” Cas grumbles, far too reasonable in tone, almost certainly about to ask him to leave. One of his hands has moved to Dean’s shoulder, as if to push him away, though he doesn’t.
“I’ve been in this business a long time,” says Jo, resting her steepled fingers against her chin, “long as you’ve been alive. Girls who run off with a man don’t come back.”
Dean winks down at Jack. “That means ‘yes.’ Morning’s the best time of day to ask for anything you want. Quick, ask for something else.”
“Darlin’?”
He pops off, coughs, curses “Fuck me,” under his breath, not meaning anything by it but a curse, but then,
Cas can feel the sun on his face. His arms are still thrown around Jack and Dean, and as he opens his eyes Jack peels off away from them.
“I love you, Dean,” Cas mutters. “I love you so much, you are extraordinary. You are—“
“If you insist,” comes that tobacco growl, making Dean moan again.
“He—“
“Thanks.”
Cas’s hand brushes the hair on Dean’s forearm. “It’s late.”
Cas puts the sponge back in Dean’s hand and lets go. He shifts back to the stool, and taps the long stream of ash from the end of his cigarette. “I don’t know how. We’ll have to find a Jewish mother somewhere to teach us.”
“Where’s Bal?”
“Well, you look good.”
“Reckon this’ll be real good for you,” he says sincerely.
Dean holds Cas’s arm. “You think hugging me is gonna make it alright?” he asks.
“Yes, darlin’.”
“Dunk.” Dean waits for Cas to come back up. “I’m here to make
They stop talking and hold each other, and before he knows it, Dean’s asleep.
“I doubt it. I’m only a page in and natives are already getting shot.”
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean leans forward and sucks on Cas’s clavicle, which Cas takes as encouragement. He starts stroking Dean, at first slow, and then trying to match the pace Dean’s setting on him. Dean’s breathing is shallow; he keeps alternating between sucking a patch of Cas’s skin and mumbling curse words, but his hand’s pace never lags. Sitting like this is pretty comfortable, almost like masturbating; Dean’s easy to reach, easy to touch. Everything has been so much easier than he’d ever imagined.
Scribes of letters, sure.
Cas hums sleepily, and Dean wiggles even closer. “I could feed you,” Cas mumbles.
“I—“ but Dean can’t finish the sentence. It was a nice horse. It was the nicest thing John Winchester had ever owned.
“So, here we are.”
Dean pulls back just slightly, re-angling his head. He licks at Cas’s bottom lip and Cas realizes at last that he isn’t even kissing back. He drops his mouth open, presses his lips against Dean’s and lets Dean lick into him. Their tongues slide against each other. He closes his mouth around Dean’s bottom lip, sucking lightly as Dean’s mouth opens in a sigh. His hands find their way to Dean’s sides, layers of fabric flattening beneath his fingers, and just like that he’s holding Dean. He’s holding Dean Winchester, and Dean Winchester wants him to. Cas tilts his head, fits his lips against Dean’s more firmly now, and Dean is open, hungry, clinging. It’s a Dean he’s dreamed of before, in his more daring moods, but reality is showing him how utterly inconsequential his dreams were. He could never have imagined the awakening he’s feeling inside, much less the texture of it; the scratch of Dean’s chin against his, the warmth of Dean’s hands, the spit and the sound and the awkwardness of standing, the breaths of air leaving his lips cold one second and then the touch of skin making him impossibly warm once more.
“Booze prob’ly don’t help none,” Dean concedes.
“You sound like a whore,” he says. “A bad whore. I thought you said you liked this?”
Cas doesn’t answer. Dean follows, glancing furtively around, self-conscious of their clenched hands. There doesn’t seem to be anyone nearby; the only light is spilling out of the store’s glass doors or filling the parking lot from street lamps. Cas drags him around the side of the building, into the shadows, and before Dean can ask him what the hell he’s doing, a hand has snaked around his neck, lips are locked on his, and Cas is kissing him within an inch of his life. Dean drops the bags. Cas’s other hand finds Dean’s waist, and Cas is attacking him, pushing him back, and Dean has no choice but to stumble a retreat until his back is against the wall and Cas is pressing into him, the rough plaster scratching painfully at his scalp, Cas’s tongue forcibly keeping him mute.
“Don’t want that man on my property,” she says shortly.
Cas stares. He kisses. He stares some more. He’s surprised to find that it’s possible, to be here, aroused, touching Dean and looking at Dean and not going mad with it. He’s adjusting to the sensation, learning to enjoy it.
(Overwhelmed, unwell)
confused by this, and Dean holds their hips together and keeps kissing Cas’s neck, careful not to leave a bruise.
“You’re right,” Cas sighs.
“What did I do?” Cas asks, again.
That gets Dean’s attention pretty quickly, and he has to strain not to lean into Castiel’s hot breath. Castiel lingers there for a second, mouth open and hot and driving Dean wild. Dean’s dick begins to twitch in anticipation before Castiel finally kisses it again through the fabric, slowly working it with his tongue, the sensation rough and wet and perfect.
“But now, I love all those things about you.”
Bobby shows Dean in, hanging his lantern up on a hook by the door. Bobby’s business was breeding horses, but business had been bad ever since the railroad came through and richer folks had started moving in to town. Those folks could afford to buy thoroughbreds, and had sires brought in special to improve their bloodlines. Poor Bobby just had the animals his family had owned, and whatever people coming through Abilene could sell cheap, but they were good creatures, Dean knew, well taken care of, tame and well-trained. With a few notable exceptions, they were work horses rather than racers.
“There, now. Feeling better?” Dean shifts over to pet Cas’s hair, dark and still a little wet, starting to curl now as it dries. “Hold up. There’s water here somewhere.” Dean reaches around the bed and finds the jug there, giving it to Cas to sip from. Cas shifts around onto his back to drink.
“I thought about that,” says Charlie, “and I don’t want it.”
“Hey, Krissy,” Dean says. “That was a killer right, but work on the left. Remember, it oughta come from your legs.”
Cas seems to like that.
“Whatever he wants, if we stick together and say ‘no,’ he’ll get bored and go home.”
“Jesus Christ, don’t make me gag you.”
CHUCK
he whispers.
An honest-to-God love letter.
Dean wakes in the small hours of the morning. Someone has tucked him into bed, fully dressed except for his shoes. There’s a glass of water on his nightstand that he immediately chugs. He’s not in pain, exactly, but he feels raw and hungry, like he had when he’d crawled out of his own grave. Like Cas had rebuilt him from scratch last night. Maybe he had.
“I don’t care one whit about tobacco and whiskey,” says Balthazar derisively.
“Look at me, dammit!”
, so Dean figures he’s committed now. He kisses Cas’s cheek, then trails the kisses downward to his jawline, to his neck. Cas’s head tilts back, just slightly, giving Dean more access, and so Dean opens his mouth wider, licks Cas’s neck, feels the roughness of it against his tongue.
They kiss, Dean holding the hat nearly on the back of Cas’s head. Cas pulls away a minute later. “Gonna ride you like a buckin’ bronco,” he says in his Texas accent.
“What’s this?”
The Road So Far (since I don’t summarize much in this one): in this ep Sam and Dean escape from jail/solitary (or some illegal federal holding facility????) by praying to Billie. Billie agrees to spring them on the condition that a Winchester die, but then Cas says FUCK THAT and kills her Most Righteously (RIP Queen good luck with the promotion). NO ONE THANKS CAS in fact they yell at him a little bit i hate this show
“Holy shit, Cas.”
“You been shaving, too.” Dean taps Cas’s chin briefly before letting his hand fall. Cas’s hand raises to that spot self-consciously.
Mind the tags, also some chapter warnings i was unsure of how to tag (spoilers): that special brand of Dean Winchester self-harm where he isn't actively trying to harm himself except maybe he is who knows (not Dean), tw for being physically restrained/held down by a partner in a not-sexy way, tw for accidental harm to a partner and for Dean not knowing the difference between that and abuse. I. hm. Look, they still love each other and flirt and all that, really what happens is Dean has a very sudden panic attack and neither of them knows how to deal with it. It's alright in the end.
CHUCK
Dean thinks bitterly to himself, staring at Cas.
No kidding.
“Attitude adjustment for both of y’all,” Dean mutters under his breath, once again the only one working out of the three of them.
“They don’t?”
Dean gets up and off Sue-Ann. “That don’t start til sundown.”
Cas had… half a point. Dean had been desperate, horny. He hadn’t seen or heard from Cas in months, and that, combined with the sight of that damn mixtape, not to mention Cas
“And you?” Cas asks.
.” He pushes Dean back, looks in his eyes. So beautiful. “Slow down,” he manages to say.
They embrace, then part. Dean is thrilled, still filled with fresh emotions. Cas is DEVASTATED. His worst nightmare is confirmed— Dean is worse than dead.
Cas smiles against his neck. “Yes, you did. Dean,” his voice grows huskier, “Dean, there’s no one there, can I—“
Rainbows dance as he does.
Cas leans back and climbs off of Dean. Dean lifts up on an elbow and reaches for Cas’s hand. Cas gives it to him, and sits on his ankles. They stare at each other. Dean’s breathing heavily. Cas can’t get over all the new expressions he’s seeing— this one is wary, wide open and vulnerable, still with that undercurrent of desire.
CANT EXPLAIN IN TELEGRAM STOP YOU BIG WORRYWART STOP COME BACK TO ME ANGEL STOP
“The hell do you mean, you don’t want it?”
“Couple of miles.”
“Dean?”
“Don’t you get sentimental on me, now.”
He lets them hurt him, alone, in the dark of his room. He dwells on memories, lets himself think thoughts that he’s banished countless times; he revels in them. He thinks about Cas.
Dean takes the Colt Navy from Benny and empties the chambers, snapping the cylinder back in with a click, pocketing the ammo, and loading the gun roughly back in its holster. They untie John and get him up, Benny keeping his gun trained on him. John gets his hat on straight and walks to his horse. He climbs up onto it with a dirty look at Ruby.
Oh, hell. Dean falls back onto the bed, eyeing Castiel in surprise and a little bit of wonderment. “Alright.”
“Who’s Bal?” Jack asks.
“So we
“That’s how I know it’s real. If it were Chuck, we’d be miserable right now.”
“Thought you wanted me talking dirty,” says Dean, breathing harder now as Cas presses inside him.
“Is this too tight?”
“Baby?” Dean whispers against his lips. “You okay?”
“You could die any night, of— of stupidity. And for what?”
“Yes?”
“—What he said,” Charlie agrees. “And he could’ve gone after
A sudden relief as Dean rights himself, though now he chooses to straddle Cas, a problem in and of itself. He’s still singing.
“Don’t be.”
Dean almost doesn’t notice it.
Cas frowns, but follows instructions, heart hammering, too tired to really even think about what’s going on. He
Cas nods and takes his hand. “I’m sorry this is happening.”
“I don’t think it’s stupid.” Sweet thing. “Do you want to be a cowboy?”
Then, crossed out,
“Guess it ain’t magic.”
Silence. Then a clicking sound as the door opens and shuts.
Cas approaches more slowly, leading his horse. “Your friend’s property?”
Cas watches him the whole time with those burning blue eyes. Dean’s skin prickles when he meets them. “Cas, darlin’, you got some eyes on you, huh?”
“I’ve gotten much better at illustration,” Cas says, like that’s an answer. “The mistakes are so obvious in retrospect.” He traces a line down the bumblebee on the page, then meets Dean’s eye. Dean’s about ready to punch something, just to let the energy out, but he can’t move, either.
“Yes. Yes.” Weird, exposed, but okay. “What happened to fucking?”
“Which room is yours?” Cas asks.
“That’s from when we fought,” he says simply, sitting on the tarp beside Dean.
Jack hugs them both. They ENTER the house.
“Fuck off,” suggests Ruby.
“…Will you please moan into the phone, Dean? I want to hear how you feel.”
that.”
“Yeah, I. He just pissed me off, talking like it’s a good thing he’s dead.”
“Should I draw you now or later?” Cas murmurs, eyes raking over him in the dim light.
“Good.” Cas quiets. He taps Dean gently with the crop again. Dean leans into it. “You speak when I ask you a question, and not before. It’s not so hard, is it?”
Cas moves like he’s on a track aimed at Dean. Their lips meet in a kiss; a deep, long kiss, tongues rubbing against each other, like Cas was exploring the space his cock was about to occupy. Dean moans into him. He didn’t generally like taking guys too deep, or letting guys have their way with his mouth. It felt more intimate than sex, to him, and letting the other guy take charge usually ended with him gagging or tearing up. He only let returning customers fuck him that way, the few that he trusted not to choke him. Cas, though. Cas would talk to him. He’d make it feel good, make Dean feel good for taking it. He’d do anything for Cas.
to think about, get it?”
Cas shakes his head.
And the hell did Cas think Dean did all day? Dean’s more than a little offended. “I’m a goddamn professional here. You think I can’t handle it?”
“Will you draw me a picture of you?”
Dean scrambles over and sits next to Cas, facing the opposite direction so he can’t peek at the drawing. The mirror jostles threateningly but doesn’t fall again. Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s shoulders and plants a big fat smooch on his cheek, then smaller ones along his jaw.
“You can do better,” he says coldly.
No, the hardest part, now just as it was the first time, is sleeping. Every night, without fail, Cas follows his routine dutifully (several articles on the internet recommend this)— he brushes his teeth, flosses, showers, urinates, and gets dressed in the old shirt and sweat pants that Dean had given him. Then he goes to ‘his’ room (he’d never actually had a room in the bunker before; he’d never needed one), turns out the light, and lies down in the bed. He’s seen humans do it often enough, watched Dean turn onto his side in a motel bed, one arm beneath his pillow, his other hand gripping the blanket tight. Cas copies that posture now, trying it on as he tried on so much else to do with humanity.
Cas blinks at him like an injured animal. “I… want you to be honest with me.” Maybe he was just that stupid. But somehow Dean can’t look down on him for it. Not when he’s being stupid, too.
There’s a heaviness to those words. Dean feels a sliver of hope. It brings fear with it.
“Swell.”
You call that closure?
I— I’m sorry. Okay?
“Mmm.”
“Why not?” He’s operating on the level of a five-year-old, apparently.
“Must be queer college boys somewhere. Jewish ones, too.” Ones who Cas wouldn’t have to teach vocabulary words to; ones who knew that it wasn’t called church and it wasn’t on Sunday; ones who wouldn’t make him jealous by whoring; ones who read the newspaper; ones who could draw, or take photographs, or make money, real money, and buy a big townhouse in the city like the one Cas had grown up in—
“Say you’re mine,” Cas instructs, not angry, almost routine-sounding. It takes Dean’s breath away anyhow.
“You’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen,” Cas says. “I think it every time I see you. You should know.”
“Of course, Cas.”
Worse than talking to John fucking Winchester. He hasn’t had to call somebody
“You don’t want to talk about it,” says Cas, like a genius.
“No, Cas— I’d never do that to you, or to Jack. I’ll never send you away again.”
Just John Fucking Winchester being John Fucking Winchester.
“You’re driving me ‘round the bend and back again, darlin’,” Dean prompts.
Dean DISAPPEARS.
Something strange happens before Cas’s next letter comes in.
“Can bathe myself,” Dean mumbles.
“Yeah,” Dean manages, the word woefully insufficient. Cas leans away to put his empty cup down. Dean thinks he ought to say something, something more meaningful than ‘yeah’ or ‘cute kid,’ but he can’t think what, and then Cas is turning back and kissing him. In front of the kid, too. Dean loses his breath.
Dean forgoes his usual
After Dean’s visit, Cas goes to bed. It takes him a moment to remember how. He removes his coat and lies down on top of the blankets and waits for the pounding exhaustion in his head to go away.
Dean stands awkwardly to the side, watching.
“Here. Lemme show you so as you won’t be so fidgety,” says Dean, opening the barrel and emptying the two fat rounds into his hand. God his arms were sore. “Look. Nothing to be afeared of. Gun wasn’t even cocked.” Dean closes the barrel back up and shows Cas how the hammer pulls down. “These things, you can half-cock ‘em, see? Like that. Won’t shoot.” He attempts to pull the trigger to demonstrate. “Then, when you’re ready to shoot, pull down all the way, fire the first round, then you gotta pull down again to mount the pin by the second barrel, see? Then you can fire that one. Click click bam click bam, you’re all out.” Dean clicks the trigger to get the hammer back in position. “Try moving that.”
“What’s a man like you doing in a place like this?” Dean wonders aloud. Any man off the street would be crazy not to sleep with this guy.
“For me, Cassie, dear?” asks Balthazar. “You shouldn’t have.”
“Maybe,” Sam agrees doubtfully.
“Who are you supposed to be?” says Meg’s voice from the hall, and Dean groans disapproval. Some gentleman caller or snake oil salesman for Bela, probably, who was sleeping up in her room like the princess she thought she was, and, as always, blissfully ignorant of the inconvenience she was putting them to on the first floor. Dean rolls over and falls back asleep.
“The driver picks the music.” Cas turns it up. If he was lucky, maybe Crowley would leave.
“You took my brother from me, you childish buffoon.”
Chuck chuckles. Sam clenches. ~Acting.~
“Hotcakes?” Cas asks once they’re maybe a block or two away.
Cas runs a hand through his hair, looking at him in wonder. “How long are you in town?”
Cas knows that Dean doesn’t love him, which means that Cas is, objectively, safe from the Empty. True happiness is out of reach. He could confess his own love—he could do anything at all—and nothing would happen.
Frustrated and lost in his own anxieties and desires, Cas ceases play without communicating his desire to do so. Dean complains, and acting out of frustration and anger, Cas jacks him off without asking consent.
“Of opium? Seven months.”
Alrighty then. Dean gets up and wiggles his pants down until they fall to the ground. He gets a little self-conscious, standing there stark naked in front of Cas, who stands up next to him and kisses him, so gentle and deep that something inside of Dean moans too soon, an embarrassingly high-pitched, desperate thing. “Cas, ain’t got time for—“
“Then don’t you worry none,” Dean whispers. “Works just the same in business as it do in pleasure. ’Sides, I’m fixing to take real good care of you.” He moves closer, running a hand down Castiel’s chest, watching his eyes for any sign of alarm. “Poor thing, must be exhausted after riding all day.”
Cas shakes his head at Dean before dropping it. “Your mother passed?” he asks.
“Time to go?” Dean asks.
Dean closes the space between them and takes Cas’s hands in his. Dean’s hands are warm and calloused. Even his body is warm enough to feel, from around a foot away, guarding Cas from the fall breeze. (Because it was fall again, just as when he’d left, the trees orange and brown and green around them, Dean wearing a green jacket that makes his eyes shine.) Dean’s looking at him like a concerned parent. “What’s wrong?” he asks. He isn’t going to like what comes next.
“No, I— alright. Uh, Bal said I could bunk with him, if that’s alright with you, I mean.”
“Whiskey?” Cas asks.
“You’re telling me. Anyway, I told Rufus if he comes here and bothers you, I’ll kick him out on his ass, so don’t you let him bully you.”
Cas chuckles and kisses his chest. “Do you think Sister Jo would issue a refund?”
Dean finishes his shift. He kicks out a few straggling drunks. He collects Bela’s sheets and makes her bed. He cleans the bar, the tables, and the parlor floor. He puts out all the lamps. He goes to find Cas, who’s asleep in a kitchen chair, head on his crossed arms on the table. He gets Cas up. He kisses him til he’s about blue in the face, til Bela walks into the kitchen and observes in a surprised but unenthusiastic voice, “Boys,” as if she’d walked in and found a cat on the table or something. Like they were some unexpected thing she didn’t actually care about one way or the other.
“Thank you,” says Cas.
Cas, hell.”
“I believed her.”
1) He could attempt to sleep alone, in his own bed. (Sure to fail, if precedent was any sort of indicator.)
Dean confronts Cas in heaven.
“—Gonna make a damn fool of myself, here on my knees. As long as you like me to.”
I’ll admit it’s a much different aesthetic than you’re used to.
“Hm.” Dean thinks of Benny’s cooking, spice and sausage and beans. He probably shouldn’t bring Benny up. “Pie,” he decides, despite the taste of Donna’s atrocity still in his mouth.
“What part of me?”
Fuck.
Castiel is too much.
“I do.”
Cas groans, hand moving fast now, so fast.
“Hey, Nando!” Dean calls to the bartender. “Can we get another beer over here?” He squints at Cas. “You drink beer?” Suddenly he can’t remember Cas ever having any.
Sam gives him that
“May could be he’s pregnant,” Dean deadpans, but Cas doesn’t laugh. “Got any idea why he’d send a doctor of all people out to Texas to find you?”
Cas nods.
Cas blinks at him, seemingly just as confused to be asked as Dean is about doing the asking. “Of course it is.”
Lay your weary head to rest
Cas doesn’t even look; he pulls free and keeps walking.
But then again, if that were to happen (impossible), the Empty would surely take him.
“…Yes.”
Sold it to him, was more likely. “He didn’t drink?”
“Better. Now stay there.”
Dean can see it. All of them, in one house.
“I do. Because it’s mine. I’m wondering why you initially requested to wear your own hat.”
“Alright.”
“Is that my shirt?” Dean asks.
“Get the hell away from me. Get gone.” Dean leans back over John, but when he looks back over his shoulder, Cas is still there. “I said, get!” Dean yells. “Benny, grab his gun and get some water. Gotta get this shithead conscious.” Dean opens John’s mouth and checks to see he’s still got all his teeth. Benny comes over and splashes a bucket of water on his face and John comes up sputtering and cursing. “Let’s get him out back,” Dean says to Benny, wary of all the eyes on them, and they each take an arm and drag the struggling John out behind the house, where they’re more or less granted privacy by all the flapping sheets hung out to dry. Donna helps them tie his wrists to a fencepost at the back of the yard and they leave him lying back there for a moment. Dean catches his breath. Sister Jo watches them from the back stoop.
“Right.” Dean tries to keep the disappointment from his voice. “That bad, huh?” He starts portioning out the booze.
Dean lightly runs his fingers through Cas’s hair, starting at his temple, letting his fingers just brush above Cas’s scalp. Cas closes his eyes, not protesting at the contact, face still. He opens them again when Dean reaches the back of his head, cradling it softly. Cas’s gaze is wary, dark. Dean raises onto an elbow to kiss him, gently, just a touch on the forehead. Another on his temple. Another on his cheek. Dean doesn’t let himself think. He doesn’t let himself pray. He just
“Would you enjoy that?”
“Can I tell you a secret?” Dean whispers, making Cas lean in closer. “I ain’t gonna last, neither. Dying for you.”
“Everything, it seems like. I’m very bad with people. I’ve never done anything like this before. I’m not supposed to do things like this at all. I can’t sleep, I can’t eat, Balthazar is Balthazar, I—“ He’s speaking quickly and not making eye contact; the poor man was working himself into a panic.
“Well, he is good-looking,” Crowley admits as he deals. “And dating a senator’s son has its perks, but dating one with a massive stick up his ass and an over-inflated ego proved difficult, in the end. He got boring.”
humiliating myself? The hypocrisy. You’re rank with it. Literally.”
Adam scoffs.
“Fighting, you mean?”
“They got together,” Eileen signs to Sam. So much for that.
“Passably. I took lessons when I was young.”
Silence falls. They keep driving.
“Sorry to wake you, Rufus. Came to get a horse from Bobby.”
“What?”
“He knows I won’t do it. And he knows the dang ranch won’t run without me.”
“Cas, you had
Dean walks away.
“And it was just you and your momma?”
Dean just breathes. He’s got to wait the anger out, before he can talk. Otherwise he’ll kick Cas out again and it’ll be four more weeks of bullshit. Dean just sits and breathes, and, to his credit, Cas waits.
Dean gasps.
“Yeah.”
“Yeah?”
Not anymore. “Yeah, I am. How could you tell?”
“Huh?” Dean asks, dragging himself back to reality.
“—Hey. I ain’t mad at him. Here for you.”
“Y’all have a good drive?” Dean asks.
“Can I hug you?”
The sky huddles low and starless. There’s no sound but the lone chirping of crickets and the crunch of dirt underfoot. Sue-Ann’s reins in hand, Dean leads her slowly through the night over to Cas and Balthazar’s lantern. When he gets close, he can see that they’re hunched in the dirt eating hardtack. He’d completely forgotten about dinner.
How you boys doin’?
“Come here.”
“Cas—gimme my legs.”
“No, tell me the truth.”
“Yeah. Just gotta work the spell. Dean, are you sure—“
“Don’t exaggerate. That’s just Jack.”
Cas tears his eyes away and looks toward the ceiling, exhaling heavily. “I’m still upset with you.”
“Did you have a good day?”
“Doesn’t it burn?”
Dean holds his hand out and waits for Meg to roll him one. She hands it to him and lights it with a match, which she waves out and then leaves right on Dean’s nightstand like the slob she is. Dean breathes it in deeply. He doesn’t usually smoke; it brings back dim memories of his granddaddy in the last few years of his life, hacking up a lung, but he needs it now, needs something to get inside him and send this feeling away. Whiskey wouldn’t go amiss, neither. He stares at his own hand, shaking as it tries to hold the cigarette steady.
“Turn around.”
Cas thinks to himself. Crowley knows if Dean’s disinterest is anatomical or personal. Crowley knows exactly what Dean’s inclinations are, in his darkest moments, with no inhibitions whatsoever. Crowley knows if Cas has any chance at all. His curiosity gets the better of him, and he interrupts whatever Crowley is droning on about now. “When Dean was a demon—“
Cas stares for a moment, running a hand down Dean’s cheek. “What do you want? I want honesty. What do you want?”
“Yes, Dean.”
Cas looks down. Dean thinks he spies a small smile on his face. “I missed you too, Dean.”
“I—it felt nice,” says Cas, trying to justify himself.
Sammy leans backward, a glint in his eye like he has a knife in his hand. “Funny, that’s exactly what Daddy said.”
he thinks.
“I wanna do it, baby. Wanna help you get off.”
(Uncomfortable)
“I didn’t mean to manipulate you,” Cas whispers. Then, a little contrarily, “You did ask for it.”
“—I don’t—“
“Boy, you really wouldn’t know fun,” says Dean.
“And… are you doing okay? I mean, you’re back in one piece?”
How’s homeschool?
CHUCK
It doesn’t seem like the worst way to go, all things considered.
Cas doesn’t move, as stationary as the wall behind Dean’s back. Dean lifts a hand to his chest, to Cas’s balled fist; it must be bruising him now, after so much pressure for so long. He wraps his hand around Cas’s. Cas doesn’t move. Dean pulls, lightly, a request, and Cas lets go. Holding Cas by the wrist, Dean moves his arm down. He positions Cas’s hand on his waist.
The man whose name Dean can’t remember breaks it. “It true your sister’s opening for business soon?”
“Are you alright?” The concern in his eyes. Ten years later, that same concern in his eyes, like Dean was the most important person in the world.
“You came inside me,” Cas says.
“Sleep good?” Dean asks, leaning forward to kiss Cas’s hair.
(Soundtrack: ??????????)
Jo launches into a diatribe about John, who had yelled at her earlier in the night. She talks about things he’d said about some old farmhand they’d hired off Bobby, about how John didn’t under
“First you don’t want me working, then you decide I oughta sleep with anyone offers.”
Cas lets out a long breath and comes close again, cheek to cheek, his hand moving up to keep Dean’s head still. His other hand holds Dean’s lower back, holding him upright and steady, and it’s a good thing, because Dean feels like he might faint. “Tell me how good you were for me, Dean.”
Not the words Dean had been expecting.
“You look like you could shoot good.”
“Thank you, Castiel.”
Cas mounts him again, leaning down face to face. “Harder to kiss you this way.”
DEATH
crows Dean, rubbing Castiel, happy to feel that he isn’t lying.
“I like it, Cas. Wasn’t lying.”
“What?”
Dean nods tensely, then he turns, checking the hall behind him. That done, he strides back toward Cas, into the bedroom, and Cas steps back— Dean’s body seems to be taking up more space than usual. Dean closes the door slowly behind him until it clicks shut, framing his wide shoulders. There’s a fire in his eyes.
“No,” says Dean, slow as he can manage with his blood boiling in his veins. “But I am. Care to come get some, sweetheart?”
“Alright, alright. Drink up, fussy. You done did it once and you’ll do it again.”
“Oh, yeah?” Dean asks, hackles raised. “Of what?”
“Yeah, but—“
Cas whines, fingers gripping for a moment at Dean’s chest before pushing him off again.
“If that’s alright with you.”
“Then I don’t get what you’re saying to me.”
They’re both white and not-white, difficult to perceive as objects or colors. For the most part they are that blindingly pure white of angel grace, but they also sparkle, the feathers—were they even feathers?—reflecting as they cascade over each other, casting rainbows into the dark room like cut crystal. Like The Dark Side of The Moon times a billion. They turn the room into a kaleidoscope of Cas, and Dean smack in the center of it.
Every night he received things he’d only dreamed about before; Dean’s touch, Dean’s warmth, Dean’s breath. Dean’s trust was best of all, and the sense that Dean was sleeping better, too. Dean held him so tenderly, as if to protect him even in sleep, and maybe it was foolish, but how could Cas help but think of them a little like secret lovers?
Dean looks at Cas, who’s smiling fondly down at the kid.
Cas doesn’t know what his true happiness is yet, exactly, outside of dreams and fantasies, but he has a feeling Dean Winchester saying ‘I love you’ would probably get him there. It’s one of his favorite—and most painful—fantasies.
Dean’s eyes return to the road. They are MURDEROUS.
“You bring it out in me.” There’s a pause, in which Dean fondles Cas’s hand and stares out at the horizon, such as it is, at night, from down near the earth. Just a fuzzy line where stars turn to dirt. Then Cas speaks. “You know, I wouldn’t blame you, if you changed your mind. We’re only a day out. You could head back in the morning. Go home.”
“Yeah, don’t mention it.”
As usual, it doesn’t fit. He tries other positions, and manages to get comfortable enough, but he just doesn’t know how to turn his brain off. He keeps on thinking, and never about anything interesting. Just mistakes, mostly, whether from that day or the distant past. Always mistakes.
Cas pulls off his pants and crawls up the bed until he’s straddling Dean’s shoulders. “Is this alright?”
Cas loops an arm around Dean’s legs and waist, and twists him, turning him against the blanket, then releases him there, sideways, leaning on his tied hands. Dean is too gone to even think. He’s just letting Cas manhandle him, throw him around, tie him up, pull his hair. Anything. Dean whimpers.
“You let me leave here with this horse, I ain’t bringing her back.”
“In a good way?”
“No.” Cas hands Dean a bowl of beans and sits beside him holding the other.
“Ain’t their fault,” Dean says defensively. “Daddy don’t let them talk to me, being, you know. What I am. But Charlie comes by the house sometimes, anyhow. And Sam—he, uh. Well, he don’t think much of me, since I started here, but. He been writing me once a month. And he lets me give him money. We’re sending him to school in Dallas,” Dean finishes proudly. “He’s gonna be a lawyer.”
Dean nods. “Lucky.”
CHUCK
Dean sighs like some sort of vaudevillian damsel as Cas walks away. Baby snorts beside him, like she’s laughing at him.
They both reach back with their right hands, blades sharp and READY. They make eye contact.
“It’s been three hours, Dean.”
“Hain’t never made anyone come that way before.”
“I’m sure you could do them better,” Dean concedes.
“I don’t handle mistakes well. Most of these I can’t even look at. That’s what I liked about photography. The skills involved were easier for me to grasp, and the end product was always rewarding. Even if you take a bad photograph, you’ve still accurately captured someone’s likeness.”
“She doesn’t cook. And I don’t like talking to her.”
Dean presses their lips together. He works a hand around to the base of Cas’s head, fingers finding their way through thick hair, Cas’s lips gasping even as Dean sucks them shut, then Cas is pulling away again—
“You got enough for two ranch hands?”
You wanna convince me to bring all your friends back.
pay attention to Cas in this one, he is Going Through It
Dean didn’t expect anything. That was nice. It didn’t solve the problem.
“Mm.” Dean languors in it, best as he can without moving, compensating with his voice. “I know you will. Gets me excited just thinking about it, thinking about you, looking at me like that. Looking at me the way you’re looking now.
“What?”
“Gonna keep it right by my bed.”
“Is that what you wanted?”
“You’re always—“ Cas sighs again. “You haven’t changed.”
Dean’s dimly away of Charlie between them, trying to speak reason, but he’s making eye contact with Adam over her head and he sees an anger there he knows too well. “I didn’t run off,” he says.
Dean stares for a second, tonguing his cheek, like he’s listening, too, but of course there’s nothing to hear. “Well, get some shut-eye. You’re an average joe now. No more creeping through the halls at night, Lon Cheney-style.” Dean pushes past him as he says this, shoving cereal into his mouth.
“Dean?” Cas is fully dressed, so it must be a few minutes later. He’d lost himself.
He’s interrupted by something pushing into his hole, but Cas isn’t even in position yet— it’s his hand. A finger, pushing in, curling up, unfamiliar and exquisite.
“REO. We’re living out REO.”
Dean sits up, splashing water around. “How’d you get her to say yes? And the washroom key. I done had to beg for that key last time.”
“Can’t afford to be one.” Had to pay for his daddy to be a drunk, instead. Dean can feel Cas’s eyes on him as the scratching stops. Dean drinks. The scratching resumes.
“Oh,” says Cas. “I see.”
Dean moans. He’s starting to pant. He tries to get his thoughts straight. “I liked— I liked thinking about you. Thinking about you all the time.”
He’s a fucking romantic. Of course he is. “Wanted you since I saw them pretty blue eyes,” Dean says honestly. “And those big, strong arms. Been wanting you inside me since you talked to me all pretty behind the tiger. Since you done strung me up and made me wait for you.” Dean rolls his hips for effect.
“That isn’t very polite, Dean. You’re supposed to be my good boy.”
“What?”
Dean’s voice breaks.
Cas turns and looks at him. He takes his face in his hands and kisses him.
“Say it.”
“I’m sorry.” Cas snuggles into him. “I’m glad you’re here,” he whispers, and Dean squeezes his hand.
“Deanna,” she drawls back.
It was the right thing to do, then.
“In fact, I ain’t quitting til I’m old and ugly and no one wants me no more. So. Do we got a problem?”
“Dean.”
“No. Not at Us.”
“If you wanted to die,” Dean asks, “how would you do it?”
“Alright.” Dean puts an arm around Cas’s shoulders and kisses his cheek. He presses his lips against Cas’s ear. “I like to get fucked.”
“—Found one of the letters yesterday.”
“Do you need my help?”
“Yeah. Get it?” The look in Dean’s eye is less threatening this time. He’s actually smiling, like he and the man are sharing some joke.
Cas stares at him with gentle eyes for a moment. “I love you,” he says. “I should have said it years ago. I should have stayed.”
“He don’t get to beat on you, Dean. He sure as hell don’t get to point a gun at you.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Said you broke little Jo’s heart. Charlie did come by, but all she asked was that I send someone to let her know as soon as you showed up. Sam was here a few days ago—“
Oh, we both know Dean was never getting out of this alive.
Crowley’s eyes flash and he leans across the table. “You know what I think? I think you don’t know Castiel at all. He isn’t the innocent babe you make him out to be. He has teeth.”
Cas shakes his head. “That’s not what you asked for.”
“They really just… look like that.”
Dean. So Chuck finally got to you.
He shows Dean into the back of the barn, where he’s got a big filly, shiny and black as tar. Dean whistles just at the sight of her. She’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen. Bobby was absolutely right; Dean already knows he’s taking her. Bobby pats her awake.
dragged me kicking and screaming down a public street to keep me away from it.”
me cravings,” says Balthazar imperiously, “in the same way you cannot
Cas breathes shallowly. “Then why do I feel just the same way now? Why do you make me—
“Oh,” says Crowley, as if Dean had solved his crossword. “So that’s it, then.”
Can’t you? I mean, you used to kill monsters in Purgatory. And Chuck did something to the souls that used to be here. And—
“Mm?” Cas’s voice is lower than Dean’s ever heard it, dark and luxurious and sweet. His eyes find Dean’s. They’re blown wide.
“Jack and I.”
“You sweet thing,” Dean accuses, petting Cas’s hair. “Should oughta let me take care of you.”
Sweet thing.
Dean feels that, feels Cas’s words roll through his body and down his dick. “Yes, baby,” he manages to say.
“That feels good, doesn’t it?” Cas asks, kissing his neck, smaller now, gentle like. “Because you waited for me. My good boy waited. So good.”
maybe.
Dean sucks at the base of his cock. “You don’t like a bit of buildup?”
Cas seals it with a kiss.
Cas groans. The orgasm is rushing through him; it’s unreal how big it feels. He watches himself spatter Dean’s chest, watches Dean breathing under him, his perfect body ruined, and it feels good, feels so good. It aches, it’s so good. He whimpers as he comes down, as the good feeling disappears and he’s left in a haze of thought, of Dean, of hands, of words.
Cas agrees with another tobacco grit “Of course,” and Dean gets them both up to strip the bed. Dean shows Cas where the spare sheets are in the dresser, then throws on a robe and heads down to the laundry room, where he dumps the dirty sheets in the giant tub to soak. Then he heads to the washroom and cleans himself up. He returns to room three with the washroom mirror in hand, and gives it to Cas on the newly-made bed. Cas frowns into the mirror like it’s broken or something. Dean supposes it is a little fogged, but it works well enough.
“Don’t reckon so.”
Jack contemplates this. It’s confusing, too much information at once. It conflicts all Winchester reasoning.
“Want you to fuck me with it, Castiel.”
“Yes.” Cas pulls back his hand and Dean collapses back down with a sigh. “You’re not obligated to come.”
Dean’s never seen Cas this way before, rage contorting his face. It seems to break something in Dean’s tear ducts. “Wasn’t— wasn’t your name, Cas—“
“No. Why not?”
“Dean.”
“I belong to you,
Chuck turns around. He examines Sam, considers his point.
Cas sighs.
“Dean, I mean it. I want you to want me. If you don’t, just tell me. No hard feelings.”
Cas shakes his head.
“You said, first of all, ain’t no bacon. But why, really. Ain’t no hell. Why not eat the bacon?”
“On the Empty? How you beat it?”
Dean frowns as he starts measuring things into the bowl. Charlie would be thrilled, he was sure. If for some reason she happened to decide to stop by. “Can’t exactly walk up to her door.”
“Hello,” Eileen signs.
“Little sip won’t hurt him none, Cas. My momma was giving me whiskey for my toothaches at his age.”
Crowley naked, and he didn’t have a massive—
“Okay?” Cas asks, alarmed.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah.”
“—Take this off,” Cas whispers, pushing at Dean’s jacket.
Cas smiles at that, his eyes on Dean’s lips. “Jews don’t go to hell.”
(Distressed)
“Hm?”
“Yes, uh. Thank you for your hospitality, ma’am,” says Cas, holding out the room key gingerly.
“Yes,” Dean allows, unable to refuse, aware that letting Cas touch him at all could lead to ruined plans. “Just a taste.”
“Doesn’t feel that way. I feel like, like I turn to jell-o around you.”
“Relax, darlin’. Talk slow. Breathe for me.”
Jo manages to push him off her. She gives him a sharp look. “Don’t you forget it.”
Dean’s fault.
“Oh, fuck,” Dean curses, caught in the trap. Cas is looking up at him with genuine concern, as if Dean really had suddenly decided he didn’t want to bottom, despite writhing in pleasure around his fingers. “Baby, please,” Dean manages.
“Yeah.”
“Castiel Kline. Won’t you ever settle on a name?”
He has to keep himself from cursing aloud as Cas swallows him down almost entirely. The foreplay has clearly worked; Cas is going to town on him, sucking him down deep and making him twitch. Dean pulls him off and there’s a second of eye contact where Dean thinks Cas is going to throw him down on the mattress and continue as he was before turning him over and fucking him blind, but then Cas blinks, exhales, and sits back on his ankles.
“Cas,” says Dean.
“After all that bullshit, you’re just going to finger me anyway?”
Dean’s breaths are coming shaky; he’s holding his own hand like that’ll make him better, staring ahead at the foot of a chair; breathing, hot, worthless. He’d spent six blissful weeks in denial, but seeing Cas had finally brought reality crashing down on top of him.
There’s no reaction on his face. “I’m sure it’s a rare pleasure for you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sits back down and reads through the list, like he didn’t just say that. “Let’s see what we got here… ‘Is it true what they say about Sister Jo?’” He blinks up at Cas. “What do they say?”
“What are you doing in Dallas?”
Cas doesn’t ask again; he just kisses Dean, Dean’s cheek, his ear, his neck. Dean holds him, can almost feel his warmth through the coat. Dean slides his hands underneath it, and it’s better. They kiss a little more, slowly, breaking apart often, mostly just holding, just being. Just getting used to whatever they were now.
No idea.
Cas goes under on his own this time, and Dean takes a moment to stare at his arms, still clinging to the sides of the tub, big sturdy hands and long, sinewy muscles. Dean has a lot of opportunity to see strong arms, but still. These ones are perfect.
Jack pipes up, chipper. “Are you trying to tell them about how—“
“Hm?”
It’s all so much better than he’d imagined.
Yeah, awesome, thanks Amara. Oh wait, last time I checked, there IS no highway to SUPERHELL!!!
Dean sighs and moves back.
“Is this comfortable? Too tight?”
“We have to clean up in here,” says Cas from inside.
“Damn it,” Cas mutters.
“A letter probably won’t get there in time.”
“I thought I wasn’t allowed back here without express permission from Sister Jo,” says Cas, following him down the hall toward the bedroom.
On Dean’s face. He’s catching on.
Meg offers him a lazy wave. Ruby holds Sam tightly in a way that turns Dean’s stomach before turning to him with a bitchy look in her eye that softens as she says, “See you around, Dean,” and punches him on the shoulder.
“Yeah, well, maybe you was right,” says Bobby gruffly, getting him a glass of water. “Shouldn’t have said those things. Not at the man’s funeral.” Dean takes the water and sits at the table. “Whiskey?” Bobby offers.
“You didn’t like it?”
he thinks, when the others get home.
cock.”
Dean kisses Cas’s ear and rubs on him, enjoying the thought. “Keep my cowboy company when he’s lonesome. You said you appreciated my company.”
“Dean,” Cas moans unhelpfully.
“A little.”
“Come in.”
“Ready for two?” he asks Cas.
So, what, they’ll all follow your plan?
good, darlin’.” Dean releases Cas’s mouth, and is surprised when Cas surges forward. He catches Cas’s head in his hands and clicks his tongue. “Impatient. You gotta ask, darlin’. You’re playing fair today, remember? Gotta ask first.”
“I—Sammy?”
“It’ll be worth it, darlin.”
And the anger is back.
Crowley raises his eyebrows annoyingly. “Ohh. Name-calling. Well, you can relax. Fiendish as I may be, I’m not here to torture you.” Evidence to the contrary: Crowley didn’t
“I know, Dean. But I did do something wrong. I should never have touched you that way.”
A smile returns to Dean’s face. Sexual harassment notwithstanding, who knew they could have this.
But Cas is already pulling back out, pushing against Dean’s thighs with his thumbs, and before Dean’s regained his senses, he’s thrusting back in again, properly hard this time, smacking against Dean’s bruised thighs, a wave of pleasure exploding through Dean.
