“Because-” John began, his voice breaking. “Because that’s- That’s the piece you- You wrote that for us, for our wedding.” John had to avert his gaze from Sherlock.
John chucked and muttered under his breath as Sherlock picked up the delicate instrument and moved towards his bedroom, “that’s because you act like one.”
Winded, Mycroft dropped to the floor, arms and hands now wrapped protectively around his middle as Sherlock aimed another punch at him.
Sherlock returned to the present and looked over at his flat-mate, who seemed to be calming down, although the tears were still rolling down his face. Panic attack, and a nasty one, probably brought on by the heightened anxiety which had ensnared John, causing irrational panicking whenever he was away from Sherlock. Irrational as it was, thought Sherlock, it was understandable. John had lost Sherlock once before, and he never wanted to lose him again. Obviously the very idea had put him in such a state that he had nearly passed out in the middle of the day, in front of a large number of people. He reached out and took John’s wrist, his long, slender fingers pinpointing the location of John’s pulse. It was fast, but slowing. The soldier’s hands were trembling. John was still repeating the breathing exercises and made no attempt to stop Sherlock. To an onlooker, they could pass as a couple, but John and Sherlock did not care.
"For once can you two behave like grown ups?"
Just as he turned to leave, John appeared in front of him, in the semi-translucent way that all hallucinations do. He walked up to Sherlock, bringing his hands up to cup his face, gently running his hands over his cheekbones. Sherlock could almost feel the warmth that he remembered from John’s hands. The tears began to flow again as his heart burst from a mixture of pain and love.
allowing people who dress up white coats carry clipboards and have the
"Yeah." What was the point in denying it? If Mary didn't want to tell him, she wouldn't. But if she was willing to… Well, John wasn't going to deny it.
“Glad to know that you didn’t marry me for no reason. I know why you have to go John. Sherlock needs you more than I do, and I know you’ll help him. And when he’s better, you can come home and I can have you all to myself again. Well… mostly to myself.” She kissed the tip of his nose and shot him a cheeky wink before returning to her task of making breakfast. John let her. He could not put into words just how amazing this woman was.
“Sherlock!” Both men were laughing now, which was a welcome change from having the two of them crying, John thought.
"That's because you got sentimental. Look at you, bringing your pet along with you. Easier to protect when he's in plain sight?"
John had no idea why he chose to do this. Sherlock couldn’t offer him any sort of comfort – in his mind he was still a high-functioning sociopath, although John knew this to be untrue.
"You misunderstand me if you think saying that I'm on the side of the angels is an insult to me."
This was the signal that John had been waiting for. He launched his entire body backwards, catching Moran by surprise and causing them both to fall backwards. Moran released John I'm favour of using his arms to break his fall and in doing so released his grip on the gun, which was sent skidding along to where Sherlock and Moriarty were currently locked in a fight. Joh. Fell back onto Moran, who acted as a safety mat for John. John scrabbled off of his back and turned to face Moran, pulling out his Sig from where Sherlock had hidden it. Without hesitating, he shot Moran in the head, killing him immediately.
“I think it’s the other way around.” Jason sounded like he was laughing and crying at the same time.
Each of the rooms in his mind palace were actual places, rooms he had visited and constructed in his mind. There was his bedroom from the hous he grew up in, filled with memories and data about his childhood. There was Lestrade's office, where he stored new cases until he could construct a new room for them. It was extensive, exquisite, a true masterpiece.
"Well, you certainly seem to know what you're doing. And it looks like Sherlock can work with you," John remarked. Liz smiled up at him again.
John began to tell Mycroft exactly what happened, answering every question he was asked in extreme detail. After the interrogation, Mycroft instructed John to return to Baker Street and promised him that Sherlock would be found as soon as possible. John hung up the phone, and felt a great weight lift from his shoulders. He trusted Mycroft, more than he;d ever admit out loud, and despite all that Sherlock said about him, John knew that the two brothers loved each other really, deep down. Very deep down, far below the many, many layers of protective barriers that the Holmes’ had put around themselves, creating their cold, calculated exteriors that John was so used to seeing.
"I'm a high-functioning sociopath, John," Sherlock corrected, still refusing to look at him. "We've established this many times."
It had been over half a year since the incident on the roof, since Moriarty had died and finally left John and Sherlock to live in peace.
Someone closed the door to 221 behind him. Possibly Mrs Hudson. Sherlock's mind was too preoccupied to remember that Mrs Hudson had left that afternoon for her sister's. There were more important things to think about.
John stopped in his tracks by the sofa as the piece of music that Sherlock was playing finally made it’s way through the cloud of irritation in John’s mind, and John recognised it.
And he was not okay with that.
As he breathed deeply, he managed to shrug the nurses hold from his arms and shoulders and with a protest of “I’m fine,” straightened his coat and jacket before turning back to the impossible sight of John Watson, alive and breathing on the bed before him. He took the seat next to the bed, continually staring at the face of his best friend. He barley even noticed as the doctor checked over John’s condition, or as one of the nurses cleaned up his knuckles, which was covered in a layer of his own and Mycroft’s blood.
A comfortable silence ensued as John carefully thought out what he was about to say. The words were just forming on his lips, when Sherlock took the words straight out of his mouth.
“One of our most high-ranking political positions has gone missing, we suspect abduction.” Mycroft let out a sigh, truly defeated. Sherlock almost felt a twinge of sympathy for the man in front of him.
The sound of John’s agonizing shout pierced through his mind and brought him immediately back to the present. Molly’s hands were wrapped around his arms, keeping him upright. His own hands were tangled in his hair, almost ripping it out.
“So, here we are.”
The one word rang out as clear as a bell. The one word caused Sherlock to see red, and tune out everything as it continued to swirl and echo around his head. Yes, Mycroft had known. Yes, Mycroft had sent John away. Mycroft had let John get hurt. And he hadn’t said a word to Sherlock.
"Knew that would get your attention." Sherlock's smile turned sheepish, but he did not look away from John. It was as if he was trying to memorise his face. Reflecting back, it was here that John knew. But it didn't stop his doubts or worries.
Sherlock’s words were cut short by John’s fist, which had connected with his jaw. There was a satisfying sound of impact as fist met face. Sherlock’s hands flew to his face, and he doubled over, trying to shield the rest of himself from John. John returned his fists to his side and stood there, just watching as Sherlock tended to his injured face. John’s whole body was trembling with the surge of adrenaline that had just rushed through him. He swallowed a few times before he spoke, and when he finally did, his voice was barely more than a whisper.
John didn't notice the presence of another person next to him until they bent down to place three white lilies at the foot of the gravestone next to John's roses. The white of the new flowers made the shade of pink infinitely brighter.
They’d stood there, neither moving. They must have been there, in silence for a while, because John heard movement from behind him. He tore his gaze away from Sherlock’s to see Mary making her way down the hallway.
John was wearing the same as what he wore to Moriarty’s trial, minus the tie. He wanted to look smart, but the tie felt suffocating. It felt like a noose, waiting to choke him, to cut off his air.
“Detour?” John roused himself from his thoughts and what she had said began to register. He was just about to ask why they needed a detour before he answered his own question. His exasperated sigh filled the silence that had fallen upon the car. He gazed out of the window, watching the tiny water droplets collect into much larger ones, before racing each other down and across the smooth, tinted glass.
John was a very caring partner, and he never pushed Mary to do or say anything she didn't want to. But there was one thing bothering him.
This has been my most read fic, my most liked fic, and I've had such an overwhelming response to it.
"Sherlock you have to leave the flat at some point."
“Go to the family, ask about the girls previous relationships. Arrest the man who fits the description.”
"Yeah," Stamford said, breaking the silence. "He's like that, I've learned."
Sherlock said nothing once again. John could sense the effort of silence rolling off him and appreciated it.
“Quite, quite,” Sherlock muttered, still scribbling. “That’s fine. I may have further questions later. Where will I find you?”
"I look forward to it," Sherlock said, saucily. Then he took himself in hand to wash, and the expression on his face changed abruptly.
“I should know better than to make sweeping claims. Are you getting the soap? I’m starving, and there’s no way either of us can get breakfast like this.”
“I’m sorry to see it go,” John said, as Sherlock was slicing bread. “But it is just the thing to repair the garden fence and keep those spoiled goats out.”
“Smart horses are important. You need a smart horse out here.”
"It is, but we have to eat." Energized, John took a last bite of his bread and stood up. "I'll look out the fishing equipment; will you pack us food?"
Matelotage is a pretty cool system. I haven’t done a ton of reading on it, preferring to consecrate my research time to goats, but if you would like to read about it, here’s the ref: Sodomy and the Pirate Tradition, B. Burg. It’s older (1995) but still regularly cited.
“There certainly is,” John replied, and Sherlock snorted.
, he thought, but it didn’t matter. He wondered how Sherlock was faring with the squirrel; the curious switch in his emotions when the little beast had gone from alive to dead had seemed genuine enough, but John wouldn’t feel quite right in his mind until he had verified with Sherlock. He didn’t want any unacknowledged emotion putting his patient out of equilibrium now that they seemed to have struck a golden mean in terms of companionship.
Let me know if you have any questions or comments, or if you see any typos.
“She named her bull Byron.”
Then, he felt himself enfolded into Sherlock’s embrace. He felt suddenly small, but the heat of Sherlock’s body and the rapid beat of his heart were soothing.
"Comfortable," Sherlock said.
"And Mycroft prevented this?"
This was almost immediately borne out by Sherlock himself coming around the corner carrying a bowl heaped with eggs.
“This is a huge country,” John said, calmly, and drew a shaky breath. A man in the woods. A man everywhere and nowhere, eating small animals. He remembered Sholto’s bloody hands.
“I like bees,” he said, after a pause.
This, Sherlock quickly realized. He had also realized his error in not thinking about the qualities of aggregated chicken manure prior to his sudden immersion; surely it would do well in the garden?
“You’re going to be needing someone to do your cooking before too long,” John said.
But then, there was no feminine element in Sherlock’s case, either; he had made that abundantly clear on his first night here. To John’s credit—possibly to the army’s credit—he had not blanched at Sherlock’s admission of disinterest, simply accepting it as a matter of course.
“No more than in yours. You should be careful, you who ran away from the farm.”
"Oh," Sherlock said. He paused. John slid off him and lay beside him, keeping one hand on his thigh to ground him.
“Our stalker is neat-handed, I’ll say that for him,” John said, crowding closer.
“Afraid! Afraid of what?”
Something tickled at John’s mind.
“Sherlock, are you sure?”
John looked at him then, his eyes wide and his mouth set.
“What’s this young man like, then?” she asked, as he made his way out to the track.
He didn’t touch Sherlock’s cock with his mouth even then, but slid up Sherlock’s body to kiss him, first hard, then gently, taking the time to explore each part of his mouth, to nip and taste until Sherlock had entered a pliant, sex-drugged state.
“My transport is tired of salt pork.” Sherlock made a face so ludicrous that John was forced to laugh.
“Idiot Horse will come back, you’re right. Arthur will come back if you hide.”
“Sting a bit, did it?”
How many reasons he had to be grateful for Sherlock; he had objected to Mycroft's imposition, but Sherlock had been the perfect antidote to his loneliness and misanthropy. And Sherlock had a boon to the farm as well, taking over duties that John abhorred and thus making the farm more productive. They would eat well, this winter, and if the harvest was as productive as planned, have grain and livestock to sell.
And yet he could not go home. He wished desperately to come to terms with some of this. He picked up a notebook, riffled through the pages. What would it serve to record this kind of uncertainty? Words felt inadequate, and so he flipped the notebook closed and watched John instead. His back was to Sherlock and he was slicing bread. Sherlock observed—admired—the lines of his shoulders. Surely they were not as tense as they had been at dinner; had the… act… brought him relief? He opened his mouth to ask, but found himself unable to, at the last moment. This was the ideal opportunity to clarify the physiological outcome of pelvic massage, but he could not formulate his question. Something foreign had gripped him; his eyes lingered on John’s shoulders, his mouth, his hands, and he found he could not ask about John’s physical sensations without blushing.
"You can't possibly," John said.
“Don’t run,” John warned, unnecessarily.
“When can you treat me?” Sherlock blurted. “You tested it, it was effective—I can tell, your shoulders are less tense and you’re calmer—and I didn’t want to need it but I do. There’s something terribly wrong with me, John. I can’t work, I can’t think, I’m afraid of perfectly natural things. It’s eating me up. It will destroy my mind and my peace!”
Matches. Where did John keep the matches? A tin. In the kitchen. He felt his way over to the kitchen bench and tried to identify the match tin by touch. His hands would not cooperate; he knocked over the sugar and upset the cups before he came to the tin. It was open: an error, but thank goodness for small mercies. He felt for a candle as well, and when he had one, he tried to take a single match from the slippery mass in the tin. They seemed alive in the way they fled from under his fingers, and he cursed as he came up empty again and again. Finally, angry, he dumped the entire tin on the bench and was able to roll one away and position it between finger and thumb. Carefully, clumsily, he tried to strike it against the lid: once, twice, three times. Nothing. He took another and tried again. Still no success.
“If you’re sure,” he said, and held out the squirrel.
“Better,” John said, and bent over to nip and suck Sherlock’s neck until a huge purple mark appeared on his long throat. Sherlock thrashed beneath him, panting.
“So,” Sherlock said lazily, when he could speak again. He nodded towards John’s second cup. “Shall we keep the car or sell it?”
When Sherlock woke, his stomach was sticky and his blankets were too. However, he felt a marvelous sense of lightness, and his head was clear for the first time in days. He palpated his testicles: only a slight residual tenderness.
As the new spate of rainy days wore on, Sherlock’s provocative behaviour returned and reached new heights. He commandeered John’s blankets to make the settle more comfortable. He refused to wash his mould experiments out of the dishes. He attempted to start an ill-advised experiment with coals on the hearth that might have burned the cabin down. He did not dress, or eat, or even sleep, as far as John could tell. He did make bread, but baked some type of herb into the loaf that John ate that made multiple trips to the outhouse a matter of necessity rather than subterfuge.
Sherlock knew with every fiber of his being that what was in the woods was dangerous, and dangerous in some way that went beyond the native conditions. And yet, he stayed in the clearing, in the pitch dark, with both horses untethered, because John’s breathing had changed, and that change was the most important thing in the world.
“It’s science.”
“—that you are entirely aware of, begin a sexual liaison with you, but I am not averse because of
Sherlock’s face had started to take on a strained feeling, and he realized, after a moment, that his facial muscles were tired—from laughing. Him. Because of John. He looked at John, whose head was thrown back, still laughing, the column of his neck exposed, his shoulders shaking.
"Slim arsehole, butter wouldn't melt in his mouth?"
Wading through the fresh snow, he crossed the short distance to the barn. Harry's cries were more frantic now, and Clara had begun to add her voice. Pretty soon the geese would start up, and then he'd be deafened.
“Harry.” John shook his head. “She’s a bloody menace.”
"Among other things," John said, pulling his blanket over his lap, angry somehow. "Now if you'll excuse me."
“I feel better,” Sherlock sighed. He reached out for the hot cloth John was holding.
“Oh!” Sherlock exclaimed, leaping back at John’s touch. His face dropped down into an impassable mask almost fast enough to hide his consternation at being thus surprised.
“Your ankle is not even close to right yet. Do you wish to be confined to the cabin for weeks? I said you could walk on it because I felt you would be sensible, but if you cannot understand the simple cause and effect in this case, I will be obliged to insist that you rest.”
John sat and waited. Finally, Sherlock replied.
“A fossil? That doesn’t sound very unpleasant.”
John took it, the weight of it in his hand more damning than any prison sentence. He couldn't afford to tell this man to go fuck himself, but he had rarely wanted to do anything more.
"Very well. But I did offer." The tea ready, Sherlock padded over to the bed and sat down.
“So this gives credence to you having a GPS tracker installed in my phone,” John frowned.
, he thought.
“I am.”
“I’m fit as a fiddle, except for my hip. You look fine… though you didn't bring Sherlock, more's the pity. What a nice boy he is." Sally's face was a study in neutrality.
“Sherlock.”
"You're laughing at me," Sherlock said.
“Luck! It’s simple botany…and chemistry.”
“I hear Sherlock makes good bread,” Lestrade laughed. “Maybe he should come.”
"More whiskey?"
John did not come in for lunch that day. His stomach growled, but he could not face Sherlock yet. Instead, he would wait until work exhausted one hunger before he satisfied another. There were plenty of woods to clear, after all. He hefted his axe and turned his attention to a spruce tree that was wider around than he was.
Sherlock won, and as they drank their coffee actually in a Tim Horton’s this time (Sherlock felt that moose drool was not the best product for his curls), John dragged him into a single-stall bathroom and proceeded to suck his nipples for the full three minutes.
“Thanks, mate, but I’m full up,” he said, gesturing to his nearly full beer. The Australian shrugged.
John had the following day off, and though he wished he could find Sherlock and surprise him as Sherlock had done, he knew it was a lost cause to try, especially as Sherlock had left that morning for parts unknown. Instead, he updated his blog and took a nap, and then, when he had exhausted all other options, cleaned his share of the house. There were still some empty cups from Sherlock’s earlier investigations, and John squirreled them away for future reference. Then, he logged on to Sherlock’s blog and began to read cases.
“Sherlock, be a dear and take that dough off Sarah’s hands. Sarah, you can peel potatoes since you’ve apparently left what little sense you have at home.”
“Oh, I didn’t let it cool naturally; I couldn’t quick cool it because we’d no ice, but instead I decided…”
The bitterness in Sherlock’s voice shocked them both. John drew his chair to face Sherlock on the settle, and sat. His heart hammered in his chest.
“He wasn’t?”
"I... I..." He didn't know what he wanted.
His body vibrated at the thought. He bit his lip. He would not force John to treat him; he would not be Harry to John’s Frank. He would master his body; he did not need to bow to its impulses, hysterical or otherwise. He was strong enough to return his body to its normal, brilliant state without troubling John. Besides, Mycroft could not be proven right.
This was not quite the relief he expected. Something about the absence of any physical evidence disturbed him, giving an otherworldly element to their bear encounter of the night before. As they had never actually seen the animal, it was almost as though it existed in multiple places at once and as such was exponentially more terrifying.
When he had warmed himself, he sat down to add his observations to the already complex table in his notebook. John’s words and physiological symptoms were easy enough to note, but they did not, he thought with dissatisfaction, convey the full effect of the moment. How, though, to factually render what he had felt when John pleaded with him, or when that iron grip had seized him? Surely it was sentiment, rather than data? After some thought, he laid his pen down. The table would have to suffice.
"Oh," he said, flustered. "Of course."
John made no headway with his thoughts on swamp drainage. His soldier’s habit of observation still beat in him, and so almost as soon as he was out of sight of the house, he turned his attention to the mellow green of the woods, watching for anything out of the ordinary.
“A romantic entanglement?”
“No chance a bear would get her,” Sherlock grumbled, finally pulling himself to his feet on solid ground.
“Got to keep my hand in, don’t I?”
When the sun had dipped to touch the horizon, the sky was blazing orange and pink, and the large burn pile had become two piles. Sherlock’s hands and face and shirt were black with peat, and John’s shoulders ached. He put down the axe and stretched out his hands, but he had scarcely had the chance to finish before Sherlock leapt over with matches in his hands.
"I will to you, if you insist, although 'fresh' is more efficient, as there's only one syllable, and you now know what it means."
He cast his mind back to what John had said about sexual desire: that it destroyed one’s peace of mind.
Sherlock drew a deep though still-ragged breath, his nerves calming somewhat. The constant derangement was eating away at his self-control. He was no longer the man he had been, and these urges—he shuddered at the word—were, must be, at fault. They had once been so rare that they had been taken care of by his unconscious; the nighttime ejaculations had been messy, certainly, but had required no effort on his part. Now, these urges had intruded into his conscious mind and rendered him all but useless.
Moose babies are the actual cutest things. They are soft and small and golden-brown and whiffly. I don’t blame Sherlock for being smitten.
“You are a living, breathing man. You must have had…”
“Idiot,” he said, though he didn’t step away.
It seemed to John that the woods were preternaturally silent. His own heartbeat was the loudest thing there; Arthur was as still as could be, and so, for a wonder, was Idiot Horse. Sherlock seemed to be barely breathing. His hand—for they had not let go of one another—was cool. He resisted the temptation to run his thumb along the skin of Sherlock’s wrist. Unease flowed through him.
Sherlock shivered. He was very nearly hard already; traitorous thoughts of John’s hand on his arse were intruding, distracting him from his purpose. He worried his lip and forced his startlingly reluctant mind back to the problem at hand: the straw dog and the person that had planted it.
After breakfast Uncle Gregory informed John that henceforth it would be one of his duties to drive the cows to pasture every morning.
"It's been well fed," Sherlock said. "Been eating raspberries but that's about all the plant matter. The rest is meat--squirrel, as we suspected, and...wait." He speared something from the stomach on his knife, and held it up.
“Old enough to know what’s good,” he said, and took a long swig.
It is my fervent headcanon that Sherlock dislikes horses. They are intelligent in a way he doesn’t care to understand. I am willing to entertain alternate headcanons (I really enjoyed the riding AU someone wrote a while back), but in this fic, he hates horses and that’s important. Also, in this fic, some horses hate him. There’s an Easter egg related to that that’s introduced in this chapter.
"It's a criminology book I need for class, written by this Lockley guy" He explained, "But it hasn't been in print for a good few years, and I've been searching for it for
"And if I have?"
"What are you doing in here?"
you met him. But no, instead I get to find out
We've talked about this!"
Sherlock groaned, "Why do you always have to
And that's when John knew.
The detective found himself actually
"DI Lestrade?" He asked, holding out a hand, "I'm Mr. Jones, your new lawyer".
Sherlock!"
"And I'll-" She continued, taking a deep breath, "I'll... I'll break up with him".
He slowly trailed off, before blinking once more, and before he could stop himself, his right hand came up to gently rest against the officer's cheek while his left landed rather possessively on his hip.
He abruptly pulled back, "... You used to do
Sherlock snorted, "Well that
The retired soldier sighed, "Oh, of course. How could I forget?"
Lestrade stared back.
She smiled and slowly began walking down the aisle, gun still focused on a nervously sweating John.
And little Eurus, with tears staining her cheeks but a bright smile on her face, gestured at the young girl standing next to her, "And this is Anthea".
Requested by: Sigrid Martinez Mestre
"Sherlock?"
"Dad, this is Kyle".
The bat screeched loudly and John winced, "... I'll just go get him for you".
"You almost
him" Sherlock continued, hating himself for not shutting up, "Also your little sister isn't as innocent as you think she is. In any sense of the word. In fact, I'd even go as far to say that she's... shall we say...
"Oh, just- just take this seriously, would you?"
"So could smoking".
He turned around once more, to face his future wife, to get her to confirm it, to get her to say 'I love you', to get her to-
"Oh just- You know what? Never mind!" He decided, "Forget I ever asked!"
He made a face, "God no. I prefer as little interaction as possible with those hyped up over zealous meat slabs who only got into college because of their lack of brains and multitude of muscles".
Greg looked up and frowned as a strange man sat down next to him.
"My sister and I get along perfectly well".
John laughed, "Seriously?! This guy? A junkie?! Have you met him?"
It would do no good revealing his role in the plan this early, after all.
When they ended up in the creaking house with the women in the pink coat, nothing changed, and John observed the genius's bickering with Donovan, grudging respect for Lestrade, and angry muttering about the 'incompetent' forensic scientists in silence.
to answer when your name is called?"
"It's alright, Watson" Mycroft replied, just as easily, "I suppose I do have some news".
Rosie pouted, but announced she'd walk him to the door.
Rachel :P
"My roof, my rules" He shot back, "It's either that, or set the table. You choose".
"Sherlock! What the hell?!"
, "See you then".
He nodded, strangely fascinated by this quiet yet bright-eyed boy, "Yes. My sister
become
, so- so- so-"
"No? What do you mean no? It's my wedding day!"
But all of that over one measly litre of milk?
"Mycroft, wait!"
And when Mrs. Holmes showed up exactly 20 minutes later to collect her three children, she found them waiting by the gate in various stages of disarray.
"No. He's
It was 13 minutes and 7 cherries later before he gave up, and he angrily spat out the straight stem and tossed it over the edge of the roof.
He held it up for her to see, and she blinked in surprise.
The elder Holmes met his gaze evenly, "As did I".
"Then show him the binder you have on him" She replied, and Mycroft glanced over at her, "... That would most likely disturb him greatly".
"M'fine, jus'... jus' tired, 'ats all".
is before you start contemplating his sexuality".
Mycroft Holmes had set all of this up.
"Then read a book".
He re-emerged only a few seconds later, now wearing a bathrobe, which, personally, Sherlock found even
"I might as well just send her to Kindergarten!" He exclaimed, "Do you honestly believe I would let her anywhere near those idiotic cartoonish books? Or, god forbid, they start singing nursery rhymes to her! What utter nonsense, Graham!"
He heard her bedroom door slam, and let out a heavy breath.
“I don’t mind, no,” Sherlock said, deliberately casual as he looked at one particularly deep cut.
"You certainly do not."
“Jaren Inchman.”
The day wore on. As they worked, the rifle was never far from John’s side. By mutual, unspoken agreement, they didn’t stop to eat, but worked swiftly.
"Not sure about that," John muttered, as he went for the kindling.
He could not look at John’s hands without feeling them slide, so gently, into his arse, and he felt he would go to the grave with the feeling John’s handprint seared on his back. Every time John raised his voice in response to Sherlock’s provocation, Sherlock’s desire spiraled higher. He knew that his control was finite, and though he was testing John, John’s response tested him. He should have included that in his calculations, but desire, until so recently unknown or a source of shame, was still something of a mystery to him.
just sprouting by the barn pond, he noticed, and among the stumps on the field adjacent to the one John was ploughing, but he could collect that on the return trip.  Right now he wanted to see what type of terrain lay along the south line.
He looked after her, simultaneously scanning her for information and rifling through his mind palace for more. Why could he not remember?
“Here we are,” Sherlock said triumphantly. “Careful, it’s hot.” He set a steaming dish on John’s plate: it was eggs and bacon and…something green? John peered at it more closely.
“This is. Chasing criminals is one thing; prolonged surveillance in the heat is another. I had plenty of that in the army.”
“You are.” John said, mouth tightening. “Your brother put my ballocks in a vise so that I’d take care of you.”
“They scare you. It’s fine. Probably reasonable. Now clean your foot and we can bypass the swamp, if you like.”
“That doesn’t count, right?”
As for the ‘composed little person’, he was not so composed. Without his father, his home, his cat, or his account book, he felt very much all alone in that neat little chamber. The tears he had worked so hard to restrain earlier slid down his face as his silent sobs wracked his body. What a relief it would have been for him to write out his pain and loss, but he was denied even that, and he cried until the house had gone silent.
I presume.”
“I just… I know they’re not as dangerous as moose, now; it’s…”
“I’ll be careful,” Sherlock said, ignoring John’s snort of disbelief.
“You don’t need a partner.” John’s face was like a thundercloud but he was still Dr. Watson. Sherlock shivered slightly. “Perhaps you do need treatment.”
Sherlock looked up at him, his pale eyes almost grey in the diffuse light of the cabin.
“Yes, please. Two females, if you have them.”
“You’re an arsehole too.”
“He bloody does not. Lieutenant Governor my ass.”
“A nocturnal emission.”
“That wasn’t meant to be funny.”
“My brother wouldn’t have chosen you if he hadn’t felt you were,” –here Sherlock rolled his eyes—“up to the task of taking me on.”
He would have to consider it…later, when the chase wasn’t on. He marked a blaze on the trail beside where the squirrel had been, and headed into the woods.
“Will they let me, the Lestrades? They sound like dreadfully practical people.”
"I know next to nothing about botany."
He writhed at the thought of John knowing this of him—but   was John not the same, his cock thick and hard, jetting white spunk out in a painful spasm? John had said nothing about treating himself. Yet the evidence supported it—Sherlock had seen the grease on the floor beside him, and he had been manipulating his cock.
Finally, however, John got up on the horse, though with some jarring of the little squirrel, and they rode home. It was a measure of Sherlock’s concern that he let Idiot Horse crowd as close to Arthur as Arthur would allow.
“Did you, now? Should I drink up?”
It was unsuccessful. He shifted his position, biting his lip as his cock pressed awkwardly against the fabric of his drawers.
“Jaren?”
“You don’t smell like a public convenience. Nor do I, come to think of it, but it’s true that the alkalinity of the goose droppings bring it closer to that particular smell.”
Warning in this chapter for John's PTSD being triggered and a panic attack. If you want to avoid it, just stop reading at the paragraph that begins "John had been enjoying Sherlock’s sharp deductions" and begin again at “Breathing is good.” Sherlock said. I'll put a little summary of what you need to know from that paragraph in the endnotes.
“That’s a terrible habit,” John remarked, and turned to untie Arthur.
“I’m fairly sure that there’s no problem with avian intelligence here,” John said, watching Philemon glide down gracefully towards Pierrette, who greeted her mate with satisfied honking noises.
Sherlock rolled his picture of John around in his mind. John, admitting his attraction. John, his voice curt and clipped, his gestures restrained. John, his hands shaking but taking exquisite care.
“True. Well, more time at Lestrade’s for me.”
John, to his credit, was dressed and ready in record time. Before the sun was fully up, they were riding a very disgruntled Arthur and a quite cheerful Idiot Horse towards the scene of the incident. Harry, and to a lesser extent Clara, were expressing their disapproval at being left behind, though Sherlock had given them half a cold bannock each, much to John’s disgust.
“You don’t understand, Greg. You have no idea, I- I can’t-” John could see her struggling to restrain herself, and it was obviously a losing battle.
"He's pulled through. He's still unconscious, but luckily for him, the bullet only caught his lung instead of embedding in it. He'll be here for a while I'm afraid, but in the long run, he'll recover."
John looked at Sherlock with an expression that was a cross between concern and confusion. Sherlock was well acquainted with it, as it was the expression most people wore when they asked Sherlock how he was, and why wasn't he going outside or accepting cases.
“I don’t think it’s really my place to say. Maybe you should ask John to-”
"Everyday at 7am, Sherlock goes to visit his grave."
"Pray, tell me why it's my fault."
“Ah, Doctor Watson. What do I owe the pleasure of your conversation at this hour?”
There were only two speakers, a close friend of Mary’s and John.
"What is there to sort? You said it yourself! 'We clearly have no option but to stay with each other.' What more is there to discuss?" John didn't look at Sherlock as he said this. He couldn't meet his eyes, he didn't want to see the spark fade.
So he did.
“You!” Sherlock found that once again, he couldn’t move. He man’s smile grew wider, and more terrifying.
“What’s that?”
He didn't even hear the shot, but by God he felt it. Getting shot isn't something that anyone could get used to, and John never wanted to become too familiar with the feeling of a bullet tearing through his flesh. Abdomen this time, closer to the major internal organs, far too close. It felt as if a white hot pain was spreading itself throughout his chest from the point of entry, like the bulling had dissolved into a highly corrosive acid which was now flowing into his bloodstream. All thoughts lefts John's mind, all he could focus on was the pain. His knees buckled under the overwhelming sensations. He couldn't even figure out if the hit had would be fatal. Damaging, most certainly, but fatal? John. Just didn't know. He made a note to ask Mycroft later.
"When? You never told me."
“I am perfectly aware of who he is Mycroft, you informed me about him on our way here. Army Doctor who fought in Afghanistan, but was invalided home after he was shot in the left shoulder, causing a psychosomatic limp and he had to walk with a cane. Has an alcoholic sister. He has a blog on which he writes the goings on of our ‘adventures’ as you so aptly called them. Did I forget anything, brother dear?” Sherlock’s deep baritone voice seemed to reverberate around the entire flat. Oh, how John had missed it. He’d missed the way Sherlock emphasized certain words, how his voice seemed to just ooze sarcasm and sass, especially when the words were directed at his brother, and especially when he said the word ‘forget’. But most of all, John had missed the way the words seemed to drip from Sherlock’s mouth slowly, as if they were made of syrup or honey. Another smile flickered across John’s face.
Both Lestrade’s and Sherlock’s eyes snapped towards him. Lestrade’s eyes were impassive, keen to move on with the case and make an arrest before the day ended and so moved over the crime scene once again, checking and double checking everything Sherlock had just told them, even though there was absolutely no doubt. Sherlock however, didn’t look away. He fixed his gaze on John for a few moments longer, before breaking out into a half-smile. John returned it and Sherlock turned back to Lestrade.
“You absolute bastard.”
The force behind the Detective Inspector’s punch threw him into the nearest wall. Cupping his chin, Mycroft winced as the pain registered. He was mildly impressed by the hidden strength of Lestrade.
It began like many of their adventures, with a request from Lestrade to get to Scotland Yard as soon as possible.
John rolled his eyes. Same old, same old. Nothing ever changes. Sherlock was lying across the bed he was currently inhabiting, stretched out to his full length so his feet were gracelessly dangling off of the edge. His arm was thrown across his eyes as though to shield him from the stupidness that radiated from the entire inhabitants of this earth. John sat watching him, still sat in the same chair, arms folded. He looked very much like the picture definition of a tragic heroine. Drama queen.
John's curiosity peaked. He had known Sherlock for close to five years (even though two of those years John had spent convinced that his best friend had been dead), and in that whole time John had never cracked the mystery of where Sherlock went on his Sunday adventures. He approached Mrs Hudson, and asked whether she knew anything about the strange habit of Sherlock's.
And he opened his eyes, only to be greeted with a bright, white light.
The reply was immediate.
And without waiting to hear Sherlock’s reply, John stepped around him and exited out of his room. He slammed the door behind him, shutting Sherlock in John’s room, but made no move towards the stairs that would lead him out of 221B. The look on Sherlock’s face – for John had caught a glimpse of it before he left the room – had looked hurt, betrayed. John had never seen him look like that before, like someone had stuck a knife straight through his heart and twisted it for good measure. He had trusted John. The guilt began to claw at his insides. John regretted his words to Sherlock, and he wanted desperately to take them back, but his own pride forced him towards the stairs, and he made his way out of the flat. As he said, there were more important things to do.
"Moriarty's body?"
“Yes.” Mary looked at him, confused. John should have probably discussed this with her first, but now was not the time for discussion. “I do.” And in that moment, it was decided. John was returning to 221B Baker Street.
Head trauma. Post-traumatic. Retrograde amnesia. Temporary? Possibly. Hopefully. Treatment. Therapy. Memory recall. John. John?
"John, mate are you alright?"
“John.”
Mycroft's words returned to him as he sat there, watching Sherlock and Mrs Hudson as they continued their conversation.
when…
He made to move past Sherlock, but found that the taller man was blocking the doorway. Sherlock was eyeing John carefully, taking in every tiny detail about him, but clearly his brain was still not at full capacity because he did not realise that John was reaching his limits, and Sherlock was testing them.
"Sherlock?"
She stalked over to him and slapped him.
Then, darkness.
It was John who moved first. He stood up and moved to wards Sherlock, who also got up out of his chair. John pulled his friend into a brief, but tight hug, which Sherlock returned, glad of his friend’s forgiveness. They parted from each other, and stood awkwardly in the living room. They only moved when they heard footsteps coming up the stairs. John glanced up at the clock. 11 o’clock. Mrs Hudson on her way up to check on them both. They grinned at each other before Sherlock resumed his position at the microscope, and John flopped own on the sofa and picked up his laptop. He had a lot to blog about.
Greg was the first to recover out of the two of them.
John didn't walk straight in, as Mycroft no doubt expected him to. He had to take a few moments outside to prepare himself. Sherlock had used his middle name, but that didn't necessarily mean anything. Did it? Maybe John was reading too much into it. But he wouldn't know unless he walked in. But he couldn't.
And now there was no more sunshine. No more Sherlock. Only darkness and a world where John was utterly and completely alone.
Many thoughts were racing through Johns mind. He had done as Sherlock had asked and not said a word. He listened intently to the younger mans voice, taken in every tiny detail about his story. His heart had jumped when he found out why Sherlock had jumped. To protect him. A rush of guilt had pulsed through John after hearing this, as he remembered their last words to each other, face to face in the lab.
John struggled to sit upright, and as soon as he did, immediately pulled the consulting detective to him, hugging him tightly, never wanting to let go. Sherlock too wrapped his arms around John’s middle, being mindful of the bandages and injuries that John had sustained.
John shuffled in awkwardly behind him. Whereas Sherlock was obviously well practiced at this, John had very rarely been picked up by one of Mycroft's cars - with the exception of the occasional kidnapping - and had less elegance and poise as he entered the vehicle.
He threw his arms down on the bed beside him in added dramatic flair. John was now certain that he was in the presence of the biggest Drama Queen in the world. But this Drama Queen also happened to be his best friend. His best friend who recently recovered from a traumatic head injury and subsequent memory loss. John felt like Sherlock had earned the right to be a little (or a lot) dramatic.
If he were conscious, or even real, he would have been in intense pain. Sherlock was relieved that this was a fantasy. He would never wish this upon his friend, and John definitely had never deserved to end up in such a state.
John shuffled his feet and looked quickly around the room. It was well furnished, with expensive looking paintings on the wall, and Persian rugs on the polished wooden floors. It smelled like exotic, oriental spices and tea. There was not a speck of dust to be found anywhere, and John was sure that it would be the same throughout the entire house. The man who let John in clearly prided himself on tidiness and the presentation of the house. It was nice, but it didn’t have the same feeling as Baker Street. It didn’t feel lived in, loved, looked after. It was a house, but not a home. It was cold, and unwelcoming. Exactly like the man who inhabited it. The man who at that moment in time, opened the door to John’s left.
"Yeah, Sherlock I heard you the first time. Also the second time. And the third and fourth."
John clutched his husband closer and wept, loud sobs escaping him as he held tightly onto the one thing that had made his life worth living.
She smiled at both of them before gently patting Sherlock's cheek. John walked up the stairs first, and Sherlock held out his arm to Mrs Husdon, who blushed ever so lightly before looping her own arm through Sherlock's and allowing him to escort her up the stairs.
“Yes.”
“How pleasant it must be to be able to remember.” The words were spat, with such venom that John stopped smiling and the hair on the back of his neck stood up. The stare that Sherlock was giving him now was not analytical. It was cold, harsh, and full of contempt and loathing. “How wonderful it must be for you to be able to remember exactly what happened to you last week, or last year, or during the past five years.” Sherlock stood in one fluid movement and began to pace up and down the flat. His eyes were searing with a kind of fury that John had only ever seen once, sat by a fireplace in an inn on Dartmoor, after Sherlock’s first encounter with the hound. “How extraordinary it must feel to not have had five years pass without you remembering. How special you must feel to be able to remember who I am when I don’t even know you. How terribly amusing.”
So Sherlock did. Molly pulled him into a tight hug until the worst of it was over. She then managed to manoeuvre him into the living room where she settled him onto the sofa. She draped a blanket over his shoulders before moving back to the kitchen. She returned a few minutes later and pushed a mug of tea into his hands. Sherlock automatically lifted it to his lips. Upon the first swapo he grimaced. Sherlock took sugar in his tea, but this was just too sweet. There could have easily been six or seven spoonfuls in there.
John said nothing, he just sat himself down on the opposite end of the sofa, picking up some of the photographs so he didn't damage any of them as he sat down. His eyes scanned the pictures in his hands. One was of Sherlock and a woman John didn't know sitting very lose together at table of a quaint looking restaurant. The girl and Sherlock's faces were pressed together. She was incredibly pretty. Her eyes were a sparkling emerald colour that shone out of her face. Her skin was pale and covered with freckles, framed by her long, sleek, slightly wavy, dark brown hair. They both looked incredibly young, no more than their early twenties. Sherlock's hair was slightly longer, but just as dark, and just as curly. Most importantly in this photograph, is that Sherlock looked the happiest John had ever seen him.
“It’s been far too long, Annalese.”
His memories were there. They were there, still tucked up in his mind palace, struggling to get out. The waltz had clearly triggered something that had allowed these small pieces of information to infiltrate through the fog, and bloom into Sherlock’s mind like the most beautiful flower in existence. Where Sherlock felt rage at being unable to remember anything else, John felt euphoria that something was coming back to him. Granted, none of it had lead to the uncovering of John’s identity in Sherlock’s mind, but it was something. A very good something.
“It’s none of your concern, Mycroft,” Sherlock sighs, averting his gaze to look out the window to the corridor outside, subconsciously seeking out the familiar silhouette of his friend.
“God, Rosie, shhh,” John sobs, trying to calm her down, but it isn’t helping things, is it, to be about to go into full panic mode, himself? He walks about, rocking her, praying that the motion will soothe both of them, and eventually Rosie’s cries turn into wet whimpers, and he walks up the stairs to her bedroom.
He wants to take it all back, but there’s no way out of this, except to move forward. Before he can do that however, he would need to have a final word with John. Sherlock needs to be sure of what transpired between them lest he misunderstands, and if necessary, give him the chance to bid John a proper goodbye before he submits himself to Mycroft’s supervision.
This time, he’d hurt Sherlock emotionally. Gave him a roundhouse kick to the heart, rejecting his affections at what has to be the very worst time to do it.
With the memory of John Watson warm and loved, always loved in his arms, Sherlock succumbs to exhaustion.
He was fighting all instinct to grab John and leave then and there but he had a case to solve, and that involved, ironically, luring their main suspect in by having John attempt to steal the attentions of the sultry Mrs Roberts.
John receives a glare in response. He cowers under the intensity of that piercing blue-green gaze, another apology quickly forming on his lips as he realises that he is doing a piss-poor job at proving himself worthy of the second chance Sherlock had readily given him the moment the younger man accepted his request to come home barely twelve hours earlier.
and assaults her father some more.
Stepping forward, he smoothes his hands from the tops of his shoulders to his elbows. Keeping his hands cupped there, he starts slow, leaning forward to brush his lips on the hollow of that pale, long throat. A tiny gasp escapes the mouth above him. He pulls on those elbows, and getting the hint, Sherlock places his hands on John's hips. Encouraged by this, John moves his lips from one collarbone to the other, revelling in the increased heartbeat he spots at Sherlock's pulse point.
,” he stutters.
I apologise for the late (and eek, shorter??) update, same old thoughts bringing me down more than I should have allowed them to. I'm alright now. My thoughts went through the same peaks and troughs as Sherlock's here, lol :s
,” John mumbled, head lolling back to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Mm?” the detective breathed, pressed against John from head to toe, his arms curled around John’s front, effectively enveloping the two of them in expensive, heavy woollen coat.
“It was the best night of my life,” Sherlock grins, unashamed at the corniness of his answer.
Certain that Sherlock is alright with his current pacing, John continues his ministrations, laving wet kisses on both sides of that long neck, occasionally brushing his lips on the strong line of that jaw and eventually covering Sherlock's mouth with his own. This time however, he introduces his tongue into the equation, his tongue darting out to press between those full lips, seeking permission. With a sigh, Sherlock gives in and parts his lips to allow John to explore his mouth.
“Don’t think I didn’t deduce that you have a public sex kink,” Sherlock whispered, mouth brushing hotly over John’s nape. “I’ve seen your porn collection on your laptop, as you know.”
you to the floor the night you came back!” John continues, his chest heaving, his hands clenching and unclenching at his sides. “Fuck, why- why didn’t you tell me, Sherlock? Why didn’t you say something?!”
“Sherlock? Are you ok?” John gasps, feeling himself lose the high of an impending orgasm. He refuses to put himself first if Sherlock is uncomfortable at any point of time during their lovemaking, so he quashes the tiny ounce of frustration that makes itself known. He removes his hand from down below.
“Johnnnn-!” Sherlock ground out against his palm pressed against his mouth as the hot, hard length of him was engulfed in slick heat. “Fuck, John,
overdone - that he could watch her just fine.
Try as he might, John is not surprised to find himself falling into his old habits; It is as if he never left Baker Street in the first place. He prepares two cups of tea, sits in the familiar red armchair, and even opts to tap away at his laptop, helpfully brought over by Mycroft’s men.
Sherlock acquiesces, deciding to humour John by squeezing his eyes shut and thinking hard. Rosie follows suit, her nose scrunched, bopping her head to Sherlock’s while John looks on, eyes softening and smile widening impossibly. Exactly 5.7 seconds later, Sherlock opens his eyes, locks gazes with his lover as he tilts forwards and blows out the solitary candle.
flashing across his mind like a mantra, both welcoming and frightening.
“Time for bed, Watson,” Sherlock croons, laying the drowsy girl in her cot, tucking the blanket and arranging Rosie’s current favourite plush toy - a fuzzy bumblebee named simply “Bee” and given to her by yours truly - by her side. She sighs in that endearing, soft way of hers, before promptly nodding off to sleep.
John Watson walks, mostly unseeing.
They didn't talk much about it after, but for the following weeks, Sherlock had let John in, bit by bit. They shared chaste, shy kisses on the couch, during breakfast, in the corridor outside Mrs Hudson’s flat. They were kisses, nothing more, though each kiss grew more heated than the last. They hadn't gone much further than that; John didn't think Sherlock could handle too much too soon and he didn't want to scare the younger man away.
-- which John proceeds to worship a little more. “God, yes,” John moans, smoothing his hands down the sides of Sherlock's ribs.
John stiffens underneath his hold. His cries stop, his shoulders stop trembling.
, more, I need, I need-” Sherlock moans, left hand snaking down to settle on the top of John’s head, the other hand alternately grasping at his own hair and the bed sheets. As John takes him to the root, he glances up to take in Sherlock’s form, stretched and restless, chest and neck mottled in a pretty pink flush. Reaching up, he pinches two pink, pert nipples, delighting in the obscenely loud moan that escapes the taller man’s mouth.
. How very pedestrian of his transport.
“I appreciate you letting me do this, Mycroft,” John says, his eyes lowering to the carpet beneath his feet, hot red shame filling his cheeks.
John knows that this is a risky move, asking your best friend to babysit your child after all you’ve put him through. But Sherlock loves Rosie - this John knows without a doubt - and maybe having the baby around will serve enough of a distraction for the consulting detective. Anything is better that seeing the man succumb to the demons of his past and present.
“It’s… it’s fine. How about you go ahead first? It’s not that I’m kicking you out, it’s just-” John gestures towards Rosie, his feet automatically propelling him forward to lift the toddler out of Molly’s embrace. “Sorry. I missed her already,” John lies, avoiding his friend’s gaze as he lays a firm kiss on his daughter’s temple.
Sherlock watches the minute movement with wide eyes, finding it increasingly difficult to breathe at the close proximity. This is nothing considering as they’ve embraced a couple times before this, but the circumstances have changed, they’ve exchanged declarations of love for the other and all acts of intimacy between the two of them are from now on have taken a whole other meaning.
John had changed Sherlock for the better, and nothing he could do now would erase the irrevocable change the former soldier had instilled in him.
“Ah, this is better, I couldn’t sit right with that thing inside me,” John laughed, careful not to disturb their car driver further. Straddling Sherlock, he moved his hips, slowly, torturously, swallowing the detective’s moans, brushing against the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers only at every other pass. Hands groped and mouths lingered, and the air in the back of the car was becoming steadily heated.
Sherlock knows that this is what he wants, what he needs with his very soul. They’re long overdue for this change, and he is ready to take that next step with this incredible man by his side. How he loves John Watson, with all of his heart and soul.
“And that’s where the adoption papers come in?”
“Fuck me,” John whispered against Sherlock’s lips.
“Ah, ah, ah, John, oh god, John, I can't, oh,
They are each other's better half, each other's best friend. Partners for life, essentially, in every sense of the word.
“Tell me,” Sherlock says, turning to nuzzle his nose against Rosie’s temple where the toddler is propped up on his left hip, twirling her tiny fingers through his curly hair. “Let me in.”
It feels like forever, but mere minutes after they left John’s house, the familiar facade of Speedy’s Cafe comes into view. The car pulls up to the kerb, and John lets himself out of the car, going over to Rosie’s side to unbuckle her.
Mycroft does not say a word.
The song ends on a mournful note, uncertain and shaky, but as Sherlock opens his eyes to look down on little Rosie where she is clapping her chubby hands in delight and laughing a string of excited “
“Fuck, Sherlock, you're
. He rubbed John's nipples, swallowing his moans as he kept his arm hooked under John's left leg, thrusting steadily into the welcome heat of his lover's body.
“Christ, John, look at you,” Sherlock growled.
The detective was momentarily spared from answering John's question as their ride stopped in front of 221B. He threw a wad of notes at the driver before throwing the door open and swiftly pulling out his keys to let them in, only to be crowded against the door once they were both inside.
He’s seen that face before, during Sherlock’s best man speech. As the man stood there regaling tales of their adventures, Sherlock had looked down at John in between, the same feelings writ large on his open, expressive face. There was something else then, now that John were to think about it. Sherlock’s smile was more a frown, but John had known Sherlock long enough at that point to make out the subtle changes in his mood.
And so, John and Mary had left Rosie to Sherlock’s care as they left for some alone time and a lovely dinner, just the two of them, with Sherlock’s heartfelt vow - albeit a bit
Sherlock is saved from answering the question by Angelo arriving with their favourite pasta dishes, accompanied by two glasses and an impressive bottle of Merlot. Sherlock raises an eyebrow at the choice of wine, but Angelo just shrugs and scampers away, and John simply beams at him even more.
“I don't share,” Sherlock mumbled into the breath-fogged glass as he stared out at the passing buildings.
Sherlock receives the flower with wide eyes, his mind already helpfully supplying him with the meaning of said flower -
Their tongues danced, licking and teeth lightly nipping at each other's bottom lips. Sherlock has at this point taken well to the art of kissing -- “Well I do have an
“She’ll be visiting with Mrs Hudson, then?”
Sherlock doesn't reply to this statement either, because he knows it's true, funnily enough. John continues rubbing the inside of his elbow, and Sherlock wants badly for this moment to end because for the life of him, he doesn't know what he's supposed to
“I love you,” he whispers into John’s temple.
He was very close. He could feel his orgasm barrelling towards the precipice.
The front door of 221B opens, but to John’s disappointment, it is not Sherlock who steps out, but Mrs Hudson.
“Sherlock, I love you. Will you allow us to start anew?” John asks, eyeing the flower in Sherlock’s grasp and meeting his gaze from beneath his lashes before pulling forth another flower from the inside pocket of his jacket.
,’ Sherlock screeched in his head. ‘
Sherlock blinks away the blurriness in his vision, and something wet drips onto his cheek, followed by another, and another.
Sherlock takes a step back, his hand waving in a dismissive gesture. "It didn't matter at the time."
John paid no heed to the fact that he was already kneeling in front of Sherlock, his completed sketch forgotten on the coffee table behind him. With shaking hands he reached out, caressing scalp, down down down, past the ear, to the strong jawline and with a gentle tilt of the chin, he brings their lips together in a soft gasp.
“Red carnations,” Sherlock breathes, staring at the vibrant folds of the blooms - one a lighter red and the other as deep and dark as the colour of blood - as John settles in the cushioned seat to his left. He notes that the doctor is seated exactly 4.5 inches closer to him than normal, so their clasped hands on the table are almost touching, and he is also keenly aware of the warmth emanating from John’s leg where it is brushing his own under the table.
“Sherlock?” John cuts in, breaking the kiss and resting his forehead against the other man’s, both taking the opportunity to get their breathing back under control. “Are you okay with this?” he emphasises with a cursory brush of his hand to Sherlock's sacrum. Not quite there, but it is enough of a tease.
John dove back in for another deep kiss, his tongue slipping easily into Sherlock’s mouth, licking away, the sounds they’re making becoming increasingly sloppy and filthy, his right hand automatically coming up to touch. caress, God, he had to touch Sherlock right this instant-
John asks himself, confusion writ large on his face.
He’s been proactive, checking up on Sherlock the only way how, without actually being there at Baker Street. He calls Mrs Hudson, murmuring apologies and excuses for his absence, and he would listen gravely as his old lady tells of Sherlock’s unresponsiveness, and overall inactivity. The last time he’d called, Mrs Hudson had been particularly worried for the state of her only tenant upstairs, to the point where he could do nothing but try to soothe the distraught landlady that Sherlock would be alright, he is, he
John is entranced. Splayed out, his lover is all sharp angles and alabaster skin. His limbs seemingly go on for miles. There is a crimson flush from the top of Sherlock's flat abdomen all the way to his neck and his lips were swollen, plump from their thorough kissing. His hair perfectly contrasts the rest of him; dark against an ivory landscape and even whiter bedsheets. His ribs and hips are all bone but John spots plenty of curves too -- courtesy of that arse that should be illegal and strong calves and even stronger pectoral muscles.
John hadn’t understood a lot of things about Sherlock since the detective returned from the fall, it seemed.
Sherlock's breath hitches, however his body remains relaxed and almost thrumming with expectation in John's embrace. He shifts his face closer to quite literally nuzzle his nose alongside John’s, turning the shorter man's limbs to jelly. If John didn't know any better, he'd think the small steady noise escaping from between Sherlock's glorious lips is one of
John gasped and whined, trying hard to keep still and avoid touching his erection, which was now steadily leaking pre-come onto the wall and the floor. “God, Sherlock, I’m not going to last long like this, just fuck me already!”
John Watson, the one person whom Sherlock loves with all his being and the one he’d ever hoped to be worthy of being loved by in return.
"I- I didn't come to the realisation that I may have harboured feelings for you that extended beyond platonic until the moment I found out that I had to fake my death to keep you alive. Human emotions, as you know, are nothing but tedium for the workings of my mind so the grief and sorrow I felt at the thought of making you watch as I fell from the roof struck me harder than they should have. I did not want to go through with the plan as it meant that I would leave you behind. I have studied enough of human behaviour to know that what I was about to do could possibly leave a huge impact on you, and I was right. I doubted myself over and over, waiting for that moment, but the thought of you dead by a sniper's bullet to the head was simply
“Let me see him,” Sherlock says, meeting his brother’s hardening gaze. “I want to see John.”
Sherlock stares, and laughs. John merrily joins in, and the little girl in his arms pauses, utters an amusing-sounding
“Let's, -
John hears a sharp intake of breath above him before Sherlock’s hand is suddenly there, quite literally holding John's head to his chest as he thrusts his hips reflexively upwards to meet John's, both moaning and hissing at the contact. John's pants is now getting uncomfortably tight, and having felt Sherlock's arousal pressed into his groin, he starts to rut bit by bit against the other man, though still fully dressed, whimpering against the hardening nub caught in between his lips.
“Of course,” John winced, content to keep mum for the rest of the journey to 221B.
Encouraged by this, John rubs the tips of his middle three fingers along the sensitive skin of the perineum, from just below the wrinkled skin of Sherlock's balls to the edge of the furled rim of his entrance. Back and forth he goes, applying a gentle pressure on the skin at random intervals while Sherlock continues pushing forwards to press his hard length against John's thigh and backwards against John's hand to seek out more of those teasing touches.
!” John wailed, pressing the whole of his upper body against the wallpaper, at the same time pushing back against Sherlock’s face, where it was buried in his arse, licking and massaging away. “Fucking hell, Sherlock, your
“And you invaded Afghanistan,” Sherlock chortled, bent over, wiping the tears out of his eyes.
Sherlock stiffens at first, still foreign to the concept of human touch bordering on intimacy, but eventually he relaxes into John’s hold, settling his cheek on the top of John’s head. His arms move automatically to return the hug, a small sigh escaping his lips as he accepts the fact that if there was one place in the world he wouldn’t mind staying in for the rest of his life, it was here, secure in John’s arms, where he could let his defences down and John wouldn’t think him any lesser for it.
-” he keens, gripping John's upper torso flush to his, fingertips digging into the skin below John's shoulder scar. The bed is creaking noisily, and boy is John glad Mrs Hudson is out because the old lady's heart can not possibly handle all the noises bleeding through her ceiling wall, and so he drives his hips forwards harder, and harder still.
“You love me?” John pipes up, eyes lighting up and warmth blooming in his chest. He refuses to let Sherlock's last sentences take control over him.
“Make me,” Sherlock taunts, voice dark and sultry, eyes clouded over with something akin to danger.
“You're mine, aren't you, John?” he growled, mindlessly, teasingly grinding his hips, his other hand keeping the coat wrapped around the two of them.
I've been miserable these few days, people are annoying and they don't get that I can't change my personality and/or the way I am and can't they just leave me alone?? P.S if you're wondering why I'm like this, look up the INFJ personality type. You'll get why I'm sensitive about this all the time. Extroverts don't try to understand introverts, and that is why people like me suffer in silence.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock answers, willing his feet to move and follow John out the door, but not before twisting around and checking his reflection in the mirror once more. John
(At this point he doubts Sherlock hasn't heard him yet but to hell with shame. They'd crossed that threshold when he'd come home to Sherlock in his bed.)
, John!” Sherlock urges, squirming under John's ministrations. “I need it, please, oh god-”
“I can gather that. Has it occurred to you that we are already under an umbrella? This is unnecessary, love,” John mumbled into the fabric of the Belstaff partially covering his mouth.
“John.”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock whispers to the still air between them. “What you’ve just said is more romantic than all your cheesy romantic poems to your exes combined.”
. Sherlock blinks, his mental faculties already slow on the uptake. John just sits there with a small smile, as if he’s aware of how much he’s thrown the detective for the loop already. He picks up his own fork and scoops some of the pasta into his mouth, calmly chewing away, smirking when Sherlock realises what he’s expected to say next.
Sherlock felt the minute twitch of John's hips against his hands. He smiled, tracing the spot below the doctor's ear, revelling in the increased respiration on John's end.
“You're incredible, bear down for me, yeah, that's it love-”
“Forgive me,” John repeats, and Sherlock is undone.
“Absolutely not.”
“Breathe for me Sherlock, mmm, that's it, you're doing beautifully, love.” John murmurs. He is rocking his lower body against Sherlock's more insistently now, his erection throbbing like never before, seeking out more warmth and contact with the willing body entwined with his. His nerves are alight with anticipation, that finally,
John hmm’ed an affirmative, standing up and scrambling to get his drawing materials ready; Sherlock now sitting upright on their sofa, already unbuttoning the buttons of his midnight blue shirt. When John returned to the living room, he took in the sight of a nearly-naked Sherlock Holmes shuffling from foot to foot by the side of the sofa, his clothes already neatly folded and placed on the nearby armchair.
God, John Watson was fucked up.
“Right,” John replies, his throat closing up on him. Rosie seems to sense his distress, whimpering in his arms. “I’ll text you once I’ve checked if the rest can make it. Thanks again. Say bye-bye to Aunt Molly, Rosie.” He waves his daughter’s right arm in a mock-goodbye wave.
“Sherlock.. You alright?” he whispers, his other hand coming up up to brush aside the hair plastered to Sherlock's sweat-dampened forehead. Inching forward, he plants a kiss, two, three above Sherlock's brow, on one sharp cheekbone to the corner of that cupid’s bow lips.
They come down from their high together; they shudder with oversensitivity, feeling each other’s rapid heartbeats, hands clasped tight, lodged between the mattress and Sherlock’s heart.
“God yeah,” John breathed, licking his lips. “Look at you, you gorgeous creature.”
Inwardly, Sherlock reels back as if slapped, the memories flashing through his mind of that very first time he’d died for John Watson; The loneliness and hopelessness he’d felt during his time away as potent now as it had been then. The second time, it may not have been John’s fault, but Sherlock’s failure to see through his then-wife’s facade was what led to him flatlining on the operating room trolley. The day before marks the third time: John’s look of utter shock and rejection, the expression Sherlock never considered could be the one to follow his confession. Afterwards, Sherlock had almost died, all alone on the street.
Sherlock clears his throat, his palms getting slightly sweaty where they are cradled in John's steady hold. "Then why did you react the way you did when I told you I loved you?"
badly to dig a hole in the ground and bury himself in it.
John moaned all around him, tracing his way up the large vein at the underside, alternating between powerful sucks at the head and fondling and taking each of Sherlock's full heavy bullocks into his mouth; slathering Sherlock's cock in his saliva, John reveled in the hungry look he saw in his partner’s eyes.
Sherlock shifts, the sheets underneath him shuffling with the movement, the material slightly abrasive against his heated skin -
Sherlock shudders at the thought of it. He shudders, and whatever sensible thoughts he thinks he’s gathered in his mind scatter, carried away by a nonexistent gale of wind.
By God, the view of Sherlock Holmes stretched out, stark naked, was beyond glorious.
Anyone here an INFJ...? I'm curious. I prefer knowing I'm not as alone as I think, I guess.
Already gripping the base of his cock, Sherlock pulled back slightly from the wall, positioning John at an angle against the wall. He then proceeded to lower John onto his waiting cock, letting gravity aid their coupling.
“Well, that would come later, obviously,” John whispers into Sherlock’s neck. “But I have something else for you first.” With that he leaned forwards to fetch a thick envelope Sherlock hadn’t bothered to notice lying on the coffee table, grabbing Sherlock’s hand to lay a kiss upon the back of it before wrapping said hand around the envelope.
“Greg?” John calls, as he opens the door, revealing a breathless detective inspector on his doorstep. The man is red-faced, sweaty and looking to be on the edge of a minor panic attack.
, Sherlock’s heart helpfully supplies. He types out his reply.
“It's just.. I wanted our first time to be more special. I pictured you..uh.. inside me,” Sherlock stutters out, cheeks flushed in exertion and now, embarrassment. John stares at him for a moment or two before his face crumples, breaking into unrestrained giggles, his head dropping to rest atop Sherlock's chest.
He thought himself undoubtedly superior, and then John had opened his eyes to another world of possibilities, where Sherlock didn’t have to be miserable (he accepts this now as the truth) and alone anymore.
John moans when Sherlock chooses that moment to flex his glutes, subtly pushing himself closer to John. “Get these off. I want to see the rest of you,” Sherlock prompts with a cursory tug at John's half-opened jeans.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes, the fire in his chest expanding, lighting him up from the inside.
“Fuck, you feel so good, Sherlock,” John groaned, one hand reaching around to grasp at Sherlock’s nape, keeping him in place as his mouth was plundered in kisses. Sherlock wasted no time in sucking John’s bottom lips in between his own, determined to leave no part of him untouched and unmarked. He continued rutting against his husband, the movement slick from the pre-come leaking from his hard cock, both of their bodies now covered in a light sheen of sweat from the exertion.
did not wish for either of them to get drenched whilst they waited for the car Mycroft had no doubt called in, being that they were in the middle of nowhere to solve a case as a favour to the elder Holmes.
!” Sherlock groans, pressing his face into John’s short blonde hair, muffling his noises that by now are tumbling out of his mouth in a constant litany.
The both of them returned to 221B just before midnight to a sight so precious, John couldn’t help but grin at the memory ingrained deep in the recesses of his brain: Sherlock spread out on the sofa, fast asleep, with his body slightly tilted and curled around a snoozing Rosie on his chest, made warm and comfy with her favourite blanket on top.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Obviously. You can now be Rosie’s papa, officially. If you want to be, that is.”
“Hurry up and undress me, John,” Sherlock rumbles, eyes suddenly gone almost predatory. The sexual tension in the room is almost painful now, and John lets the effect of hearing that deep voice pool in his groin as he pushes Sherlock's shirt up and off. Sherlock does not hesitate to pull down his pyjama bottoms, too, until there he is, naked on the bed in nothing but those sinful silken black boxer briefs that leave nothing to the imagination.
“I love you,” John breathes.
, fuck, harder, mm-” Sherlock whimpers, hand reaching behind him to grasp at John's hip, reaching for something, anything-
“I can’t just leave Rosie behind, can I?!” John argues, his mind already a mess from the emotional turmoil he’s endured for the past two days, but luckily he still has some sense in him before he spins on his heel, thundering up the stairs and settling his daughter’s slumbering form into his arms.
John stops breathing, eyes widening in horror as he catches sight of a tear rolling down Sherlock’s cheek. “Sherlock-”
“Listen to me!” John nearly shouts, desperate with fear. “I love you, alright?! Stop saying those things, Christ, just
“Now hold on a minute.” John pushes himself out of his chair and settles behind the detective, perching on the edge of the sofa, running his hair through that mess of riotous curls. “Look at me, and tell me you believed that.”
“I can’t… move,” Sherlock whimpers. “John Watson, you broke me.”
He curls up on the floor, the warmth of the embers around him a comforting blanket, as soothing as John’s touch and murmurs of comfort every time Sherlock finds himself hurt.
Sherlock blinks away the stark white colours that assault his vision, whimpering and turning his head away, in search of the voice. He squeezes his eyes shut, allowing his ears to make out the rapid beeping sound to his right, and the feather like sensation of a hand on his. His brain struggles to catch up.
, he thinks.
Mycroft had waved him in, his face stern and threatening as he conveyed Sherlock’s request to see him. John merely nodded, walking briskly past Mycroft with his tail between his legs.
“I can’t,” John mumbles into his hand, his head shaking, eyes squeezed shut as the sobbing returns.
” the taller man cuts off a deep moan he obviously did not mean to voice, and the hands on John's hips tighten their grip.
He lets John’s next words wash over him in a blanket of comfort, and he never wants to let go, never wants to leave this bubble of contentment they’ve finally found for themselves.
Sherlock pauses, the toddler propped up on his waist, as he leans in and tries to identify the twin white smears he’s just spotted on Rosie’s lips. “Yum! Yum!” she giggles, as she always does ever since she got accustomed to the look Sherlock wears when he is busy thinking. “Cuh-c-cake!”
(See the end of the chapter for
John whimpers; Sherlock’s hold on him tightens, the taller man rubbing John’s back in a soothing, calming pattern in an obvious attempt to encourage John to regulate his breathing, which he soon does, still unable to bring himself to pull back from the embrace, lest the tight cocoon of warmth and affection they’ve built around them shatter and John’s world comes crashing down again.
teacher, John!” -- and as the minutes pass, they are both getting dizzy with the need for air. The detective breaks away first. His eyes are blown, his lips reddened and there is a telltale flush to his cheeks.
again.”
“God, fuck, Sh-” John whimpered, sweat gathering at his brow as he increased the pressure of their hands on his cloth-covered erection. “She- she tried to come on to me, but- but I turned her down, obviously, oh God.”
John strokes Rosie’s downy, blonde locks with gentle, loving fingers as he weighs the only option his pathetic self has to offer.
So yeah.. If you're still here following my story, I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I can't thank you enough for being patient with me.
John stares at Sherlock. Sherlock stares back, unblinking. He feels the tension rising fast and hot in the room, eliciting an interested twitch from his still-exposed cock. He knows Sherlock feels it too.
Sherlock Holmes,
“Y-y- you too, John. T-that is to say, you’re looking very-” Sherlock stutters, his bottom lip stinging from how hard he’s biting on it. “- handsome.”
Sherlock turns around, grabbing the dressing gown hanging at the back of the door and slipping it on, hiding the sad state of his back from John's gaze. "Broke a finger or two, tried to drown me to make me talk, strung me up like a ragdoll. That's all I can remember from my time in isolation," he murmurs, staring at anything but his friend. He feels John's hand cupping his elbow with his thumb rubbing the skin back and forth, back and forth, the gesture obviously meant to be soothing.
“Can I divide the roots by species?” he asked. Clara butted his thigh and he caressed her head reflexively.
“He’s somewhere about.” John suddenly felt protective of Sherlock. “How are you? Heard you had a bit of trouble with your oxen.”
“I can’t take the risk.”
“Sherlock!” John studied his face; there was no dissimulation, only the glow of scientific enthusiasm. He shook his head. “Sherlock, we will grant our neighbours the courtesy of pursuing their sexual proclivities in peace.”
“Yes. It’s Canada. You’re safe.”
John nodded.
“Everything works, if that’s what you’re wondering.” Sherlock had still not looked up. “I have no, er, difficulties. Everything is proportionate.”
"Wretch," John felt himself grow harder at the idea of Sherlock serving him.
John wheeled back towards Holmes.
“Absolutely not.”
“And if I don’t?”
"You know me. Always a dandy. Now take off your spotless garments” –Mike himself was mud-spattered from his journey—“and help me move this plough; I hit clay, damn it. Then you'll stay for tea, or whiskey if you will, and tell me what you need?"
“Obviously. Harry can’t talk.” Sherlock knew he was now at a delicate point in their negotiations. “There has to be some kind of compromise.” His voice barely wavered, he thought proudly.
“Probably a gro—“
A cold fear seized him. Had Sherlock decided to leave, now that the rain had stopped?
Sherlock turned to face John, genuine shock in his eyes.
“Then why did she betray us?” John said bitterly.
“No rush,” he said, as lightning illuminated the caravan again. “Shall I turn on the light?”
“Get him away!” John shouted. Mrs. Hudson pulled Frank away before Harry’s teeth sunk into his neck. Though she was restrained by John, Harry made a very creditable attempt to kick Frank in the face before she was hauled away. Had she been human, Sherlock was certain her language would have been of the most obscene sort.
“Nothing out of the ordinary.” John carried the bannocks to the bench. “Ham?”
“Good. Now go.”
Sherlock and John’s impromptu fishing trip yields worm units, mushroom banter, revelations about family, an awkward conversation about virility, and an incipient case of hypothermia. Also, some fish.
“Don’t let me interrupt your love connection,” Sherlock said. “I’m sure you’ll have fun down under.”
“And you felt better,” he said, “after sexual congress?”
John moved through the doorway to see a tall, slim man--not overfed, damn it all--in an impeccable suit leaning against the wall as though he had every right to be there. If this wasn’t Mycroft Holmes, John was a Dutchman.
"I meant to tell you myself to-night.  And now that old absurdity of Widow Turner has told you--brutally I suppose--and hurt you dreadfully.”
“Three minutes each.”
“Stamford!” Sherlock jumped; he had not seen John arrive, and when he turned to look he was glad he had not. His face was damp with sweat, and his shirt hung open. He smiled at Sherlock briefly, incandescently, and Sherlock stared, shocked out of his purpose.
hysterical. He certainly felt a need for relief in the pelvic area. And yet… John’s genitalia (definitely beyond proportional, Sherlock noted) had been engorged as well. Was
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
?” he choked,
“Looks like Stamford’ll be late, so let’s get started. Unless you’re going to gas all day, lads, and then eat me out of house and home anyway?” Lestrade laughed, though the laugh didn’t reach his eyes. John thought he saw Lyons wince.
Happy with this scientific parallel, Sherlock slipped on his trousers and boots and went across the yard. He didn’t dare go to the site of yesterday’s encounter, not without John, but he examined each patch of barnyard dirt for tracks. He found nothing.
Sherlock bounded to the door as Harry’s bleats amplified with Dimmock’s approach. The boy was in a hurry; he wouldn’t stay for a snack and a game if he were, so much the better. Sherlock held out his hand the very minute the boy was within speaking distance.
“So…” John fiddled with a scone. “When you say he’d be good for me, you mean....”
“I could have done the same.”
"No real reason. Only to keep myself sane--don't use my voice very much otherwise."
"Oh, John," Sherlock said, kissing the inside of his bicep, "How wrong you were." He buried his face in the light hair of John's armpit and sniffed.
There was nothing else for it but to leave him. John did not flee, but he left the cabin as fast as he could, and if he stroked himself to a nearly painful crisis the minute he was behind the cedar stump in the swamp, who was to say?
“Ow!” Sherlock drew back and popped a berry into his mouth.
“You don’t want to talk about it.”
“I can help.” John said, feeling short of breath himself, words rushing out of him, “Do you want me to treat you? I know it’s what your brother wants, but it would honestly help.”
"No. More's the pity."
“By the birches,” Sherlock whispered, but even though John strained his eyes he could not see anything. He shouldered his rifle.
“Neither do I, quite. Now be quiet.”
“No, for fuck’s sake. I’m just… this is probably the most romantic and comfortable we’ve been so far.”
Still no response, only a steady, menacing advance, and so Sherlock gave way to instinct and took to his heels. He had, at least, the presence of mind to dodge between trees, in order to keep an advantage over the moose, who had a longer stride and--presumably—no injuries. By the time he reached the edge of the farm clearing, however, he was tiring, and in imminent danger of being trampled.
John glared.
This time, Sherlock noted with satisfaction, John did not attempt to remain calm.
"I refuse to dignify that with a remark."
“Indeed. Come here then, and I’ll show you.”
Sherlock’s mind was busy as they loaded the wagon and headed towards the farm. John had been silent in any case, preoccupied, no doubt, with his worry that the man in the woods was the man from his past. Sherlock himself was not sure this was not the case, and so he was applying every scientific principle he could think of to the problem.
?" he asked.
Young Joe was heading into the house, burdened with dining chairs. Sherlock looked around for John, who was nowhere to be seen, and he felt his stomach drop even further. Had John left without him? Surely not. He knew that was not the case. Only Stamford had announced his intentions of leaving, and was harnessing his horses. Mrs. Hudson and Sally were staying with Lestrade; Sarah and Soo-Lin’s leisurely movements meant they were likely doing the same. That only left Lyons and John unaccounted for.
"What now?" John asked. He shook his head as if to clear it. A psychic derangement, perhaps?
“What?”
"Fuck me," John breathed, at the pretty, pretty sight. It seemed there was no angle from which Sherlock's arse was not perfection.
“Last time I looked there were two,” Sherlock said, deadpan.
What was most puzzling was that the dreams that made him spend himself were dreams that did not seem so very obscene.  In the last one, John had held him close and whispered words of love and safety, his firm hand stroking Sherlock’s body. He knew that was what he wanted, but it was odd that it should bring him to such a pitch, so often. Even thinking of it in the daytime could cause a surge of desire.
John kept up a gentle pace, not wanting to shock Sherlock with the force of his pleasure. Sherlock let him, not begging, just taking. Feeling.
“I’m not…we’re not,” John said, frustrated. “He’s a boarder.”
“They look quite healthy, too. Your milk must be nutritionally complete.”
“Thank you,” he said, and turned quickly away to follow Uncle Gregory up the stairs.
“More.”
His own bed was in the corner under the ladder, a low, homemade thing, roughly made up with spruce branches and wool blankets. A chest in the middle of the far wall held his clothing and sewing implements. The corner to the left of the door was reserved tools and a wide log carved into a chair that he used for working, the barn being big enough only for the animals. The only other piece of furniture in the house was the hard wooden settle, immediately to the right of the door, and the small square table in front of it. There were only two tiny windows, glass being both dear and scarce. One sat above his kitchen bench, while the other opposed the fireplace.
Mycroft. John was tempted to throw it out immediately, but then he thought that perhaps there were things for Sherlock inside--non-vile tea, maybe--and decided to keep it. Although, it
“I’d like to see someone try.” Sherlock said, and sucked John’s thumb into his mouth. John’s groan was possibly the most beautiful sound Sherlock had ever heard.
"Sherlock," he said, when he had gotten his breath back, "have you ever... left the city?"
A puzzling thing, Sherlock thought, as he settled under his blankets. He could find no scientific rationale for John’s behaviour, nor could he read it to his satisfaction. John had seemed to enjoy the “procedure” he had performed upon himself. Was that the key to its sexual nature? Pleasure?  He himself had certainly felt pleasure in the woods.
suffering. And, God help him, John would have to provide treatment. He waved Mrs. Hudson goodbye—she was already halfway down the track—and went to find Sherlock.
“No.”
“What's a cat more or less on two hundred acres?” said Cousin
Sherlock ran his hand along the bole of the thickest poplar at the edge of the forest, but said nothing.
Some elements of the barn-raising in this chapter comes from a partial description of a work bee from Susanna Moodie’s Roughing It in the Bush. She, of course, hated work bees, but I am pretty sure lots of people enjoyed them.
“I could shower here,” Sherlock said, tilting his face up again.
Suddenly, John was ashamed of himself. He too was displacing his feelings, for the same reasons. Could he not extend a hand of compassion? He took a breath.
When he stopped for dinner, he was more than ready for it.
“And you think it was a woman?”
The last
"That's good. You eat better since he came, don't you? He's been good for you."
“Perhaps I will,” he said, looking uneasily over his shoulder. Arthur whickered again: definitely menacing. Why did horses have to be so bloody opinionated? He looked at his own horse—or rather the horse that Mycroft had selected for him for the journey. She too was looking at him, although her gaze was one of mild amusement. Score one for Mycroft, he supposed, for giving him an idiot horse.
“Good thing he doesn’t. Is this his bread?” She broke a piece off the current loaf and tasted it. “Quite nice, though the dough is not quite salt enough.”
“Terrible incident, that,” John said, his voice self-consciously light.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.” He didn’t ask whether or not Sherlock would turn in. Sherlock nodded, briefly, and returned to his internal contemplation.
"Yes," John said, softly, and slowed his rhythm just slightly. Sherlock cried out, a long soft call, and his essence spurted out, hitting his stomach, his neck, and his curls. He shuddered through the spasms, his eyes tight shut. John's arousal mellowed a little, replaced by affection. Esteem.
John nodded, a trifle flabbergasted.
“Fortnightly seminal discharge is important for your-No!” John exclaimed, holding up his hand, “I don’t want to hear the words ‘just transport’ again. Your body is important.”
“Why are you hiding this … coupling when Harry can’t see it?”
“Right. And Mr. Lestrade says he’ll be raising his barn next Saturday, so please come.”
“John?” Sherlock said, a note of worry in his voice.
Hysteria. Sherlock
“I found something, you know,” Sherlock said, once John’s mouth was full. John nodded, signaling him to continue.
“You look like a petty criminal.”
“If you must. But you know I’m healthy.”
John smiled. He was, oddly.
They touched their matches to the nests of curled birchbark simultaneously, and each crackled immediately, sending thin streams of smoke up into the cooling air. John stood back and watched the little tongues of flame lick up towards the smaller dry roots. This was the most satisfying part of the clearing process: digging out the gnarled roots had been hellish, and seeing them ignite and burn meant that he was so much closer to a fully cleared farm.
“Could…” John did not quite know how to ask. “Could it be…about you? Someone from your past?”
Once the pie had been consumed, though, a slight pall fell over John’s enjoyment. He avoided Sherlock’s eyes as he rose.
"India," John said, quite taken aback; he glanced at Stamford for some evidence of surprise but Stamford's face remained placid.
"My expectations were to spend less time in close quarters with a horse's arse" John yelled without rancour.
"Will it ever be morning?" thought John.  "Perhaps things won't be so bad in the morning." He rolled over and looked out the window, and his soul suddenly escaped the painful neatness of the hired man’s room and was outdoors, in the clouds. He fell into a soft sleep, finally, and dreamed of nothing.
John reached the end of the field, turned, and headed back down. Sherlock approached the geese, corn in hand, and began to lure them towards the shanty.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. So sorry. I didn’t think it would end that way.”
Inside, he deposited Sherlock on the settle and motioned for him to remove his coat.  Sherlock did.
He was silent again for a long moment. Sherlock reached for his notebook. He observed John’s face was flushed and his hands gripping at the sheet, clenching and unclenching as they did when he was angry.
Once his bread was in the oven, next to a truly enormous haunch of meat, Sherlock found himself setting up huge trestle tables outside. When these were prepared to Mrs. Hudson’s satisfaction, he was put to finding enough seats for all the men; every possible chair was pressed into service, from Lestrade’s fine maple dining set to logs from the woodshed.
John stood straight.
“I can finish packing with Great-Aunt Martha.”
"Not at all," John said. "Just anticipating."
“Because that’s where the handoff of the bribe will take place, if there is such a thing. Which,” said Sherlock, tracking Jaren with his eyes, “Is something I’m starting to doubt.”
“That bear had better look to itself,” Sherlock added, “Because we’re going to solve this mystery.”
John set the goods on the bench. He’d just have to wait. In fact, it might be a mercy that Sherlock was gone; he and Mrs. Hudson had to supervise the goat mating rather more closely than otherwise, as Harry was prone to taking chunks out of Frank at key points in the proceedings. John felt he had talked enough about sexual congress in the last two days to last him some time. Having to supervise goat mating seemed to add insult to injury, especially with Sherlock watching.  He’d seen John’s cock—the most mortifying event of John’s recent life—what if he began to make comparisons with Frank’s genitals?
When the timer beeped, Sherlock stood back and smiled, as though proud of the state to which he had reduced John. John shook his head.
"First my life story and now geese? I thought you were a botanist."
“Same question.” Sherlock flung open the door.
“How could I have possibly known?” He actually looked wounded, John saw. “The feather was curved up like a moulted feather; presumably it would have fallen off within hours.”
“Good.” Sherlock stared up in to the air again.
“In a manner of speaking. He…the dog…didn’t like me being away, so I smuggled him into school.  He stayed in the boxroom, and sometimes in my room. That was frowned upon, even with Mycroft’s influence. And then he—Mycroft, not the dog, though I wouldn’t put it past him—bit someone, rather badly.”
The cabin was twenty feet by fifteen, with the long end, and thus the entrance, facing northeast. The fireplace was to the right upon entering, a large, open stone hearth with a kettle hook and a grate. His kitchen bench was a small "L" that began on the far side of the fireplace wall and ran to the middle of the facing wall; his canisters of tea and sugar were kept there, as was the basin, and his barrels of salt pork and flour were underneath. His few dishes and a bronze clock—his only decorative item, a relic of his late grandmother Watson—were on a shelf by the window. From the floor under the shelf, a ladder reached up to the loft, where John stored the tools that were not in use and where now he would store his unwelcome guest. He must see to a bed, he supposed.
“John likes it less salty,” Sherlock’s voice broke into John’s consciousness as out of nowhere; John whipped his head around in what he realized must be quite a comic way, but he couldn’t help it.
"So, physically, you're aroused. But how do you
Greg turned and left the room, shutting the door behind him gently. He stifled a sudden urge to laugh wildly. First, he frightened John, then he grabbed him like a common thief, then he could not find two words to say. How, how on earth, was he ever going to manage this composed little person?
“As I said. A day’s work. I need to get the feel of the land—breathe it in, understand it.”
John had been enjoying Sherlock’s sharp deductions, but the last one jolted him back into his deep sense of horror. He recalled those terrible days after Agra. Mary had been dead, and Sholto…Sholto had been losing his mind. It did not bear thinking about, and yet the images marched across his consciousness. Sholto, silent. Sholto, unwashed and unkempt, in the corner of the barracks. Sholto, screaming that he was an animal, worse than an animal, when asked to bathe and dress and resume his regimental functions.
"It’s beyond frustrating. I remember everything. All the time. And I don't remember this. There is, thank God, no mistaking Mycroft and I--and, whatever else Sally Donovan is, she's an intelligent woman--so I'm at a loss. And I don't like it."
“Speak of the devil!” Stamford laughed, and shook John’s hand with a wide smile. “John, you must meet Miss Molly Kuskatoo.”
John stopped speaking, and Sherlock heard him fighting for deep breaths.
“Might make good cheese, though,” Sherlock replied, diverted.
“It wa—it
“Every phone has a GPS tracker now. It’s not 2010 anymore. If you don’t want me to find you, turn off your location.”
“John!” Sherlock yelled, but he could stop nothing. He felt the burst of air as the moose ran past him, now bent on John. What had he done? Perhaps Mycroft was right and he did always cause trouble; if the moose trampled John Watson, it would be Sherlock’s fault.
“Sherlock, I have to take your drawers off. They’re soaking wet. Nod if you understand.”
“I ought to whip you instead.”
“Give me that,” John ordered, holding out his hand.
John gathered Eva up in his arms and kissed her joyously, to the horror of Uncle Gregory, who was coming in from the barn, his pitchfork over his shoulder.
“You’re going to have to, Sherlock, d’you hear me? I’m going to pull you up and take your clothes off. It’s going to be worse at first, because it’s cold in here, but I promise, you’ll be better off dry. Give me your hand.”
Congestion of the testes isn’t a thing. We’re really getting into some Bad 19th Century Science territory starting now, as you will see. This idea of “testicular congestion”, though, is actually contrary to most Victorian science and the reason this fic takes place in the backwoods. In fact, men were encouraged to conserve their essence. From the Victoria & Albert Museum page: “the body was also defined as a closed system of energy, physical, mental and reproductive expenditure were held to be in competition. Hence the notions that male sexual 'excess' led to debility and female reproductive health was damaged by intellectual study.”
“Bear scat?”
John watched each man heft his axe and then lifted his own.
“Your head… can you move?”
More anger, and anguish, too. Sherlock rose and approached John’s bed. To his surprise, John’s eyes were wide open and the expression on his face was one of betrayal and horror. Sherlock recoiled. This was not the John of this morning, warm and honest. This was an unrecognizable man, one that was suffering. Sherlock hoped he would never see this expression directed at him.
“Sherlock.” He couldn’t quite express it.
“Don’t say that name,” she hissed. “Or your own. We’ve never met, and we never will,” she said, and turned sharply away from him.
“Thank you.” He took small bites, though he was famished.
John sat back down. He knew he should go to bed, but his nerves were too raw for sleep. Instead, he took down his shotgun and began to clean and oil it as Sherlock examined and measured the dog.
He ran his hands down the base of the tree to the grass. He was unsure of what he was looking for, but this mystery seemed rather boundless and so he continued.
Then, a scream echoed through the night, long, drawn-out, and chilling.
Sherlock was equally silent. His body shook, for a moment, and then was still.
"Here is an advance of $10, to stock your larder."
“How?”
Sherlock caught up to him in an unfairly quick amount of time.
When they stopped to breathe, John was shaking.
“John,” Sherlock begged, after a time, “If you don’t…I’m going to… I want…”
“It does not. The scenery and the biodiversity, I grant you, is a slight improvement.”
John looked at his. One was a loser. The other...he hesitated. He looked at Sherlock. He looked back at his cup.
John washed his hands at the pump and sat down. Sherlock poured tea and turned smartly back to the fire, bending solicitously over the bake kettle.
"Me first," John said. Now that they were so close, he didn't want Sherlock harmed—or scared.
"Anything," he panted.
"Get goats, they said," he muttered, pulling Harry's silky brown ear. "More milk for less feed, they said. Trouble, they didn't say."
“I’m going to water them here,” he said, and took down two pails.
One day, they had actually come up behind him while he was eating and started chewing the clothes on his back. After that, he’d cut them collars from one of Hamish' old harnesses and attached them with a stout chain to the east side of the barn just so he could plough his home quarter in peace.
And waited.
“True. But…we’re friends.”
“By a bear.”
"The animals are done," Sherlock said, smug again at John's surprised face. "Go; swim."
Sherlock dropped the reins.
“That’s not the concern. They’re uh... they’re worried that nobody has seen the man.”
Sherlock did not move, but stored that reaction in the back of his mind.
John thought. “We’d better close our day here. Pray for us!”
Sherlock observed the knot closely: a granny knot. The simplest of knots, but eminently suitable to this purpose. The floss itself was not knotted, but sewn tightly. He frowned, then liberated the dog from the tree with careful hands.
A chance encounter in the woods brings John flashbacks and nightmares. Sherlock asks some unanswerable questions and makes some unexpected observations. Harry is in heat and doesn’t care who knows it—and John is surprisingly sympathetic, for some reason that has nothing to do with Sherlock Holmes at all.
They stopped for lunch at a poutine shack. John got into conversation with the owner, but Sherlock, within two minutes of their lunch arriving, deduced multiple health code violations and John was dragged away from his steaming plate of poutine towards yet another Tim Horton’s.
"Is it too much?" Belatedly, he realized that, for Sherlock, desire was new—he had always experienced it as a medical condition, and a shameful one at that. "I'm sorry, Sherlock—I forgot. Let me..." he said, reaching for Sherlock's cock.
“No,” Sherlock agrees, sadly. His chin moves to settle on top of his friend’s head, feeble, uncertain, and afraid of exposing how much he cares. “But it is what it is.” He slows his breathing, willing John to gather himself and giving the man time to let out his grief.
He couldn't risk blowing their cover now just because he couldn't accept that other people were touching
He whimpers as more salty tears slide down his cheeks, and soon, Sherlock finds himself in an overwhelming state of calm. Soon enough, he gives in to the pull of sleep.
“Fuck, fuck!” John sobbed, biting down into the palm of his hand. He keened some more as Sherlock sucked him down to the root, bobbing upwards and down, not missing a beat. “Alright, alright, yeah, please, just please, I'm yours, there's no one else, I
Mycroft is worried, and more than understandably so. He acknowledges their arrival with nothing more than a nod to each, though John thinks there was a certain hint of anger in the man’s features when he and John locked gazes.
Just as he’s starting to contemplate begging off dinner, two, three successive knocks sound on his bedroom door; Sherlock moves to open it, his jaw dropping open at the sight of the former army doctor before him.
John’s heart sinks at Sherlock’s last words - the idea of his room having been left as it was before John chose Mary, as if Sherlock could not bear to disturb the evidence of a life left behind - but he quashes down the new wave of guilt that threatens to wash over him, choosing to nod sagely and offer Sherlock a tiny, sad smile as he carries the drowsy toddler over to her cot in Sherlock’s bedroom.
John hadn’t gone far, that weekend. He’d changed his mind, opting to visit Harry a few towns over, instead of taking a short trip out of the country. She’d been weary at first, having John at her doorstep after having spent a considerable amount of time apart. But she’d let him in, her instincts as elder sister taking over, having seen his crestfallen state, fussing over him; John had let her, collapsing onto her couch with his head hung low and shoulders slumped in dejection and shame.
“Oh Sherlock… the way you look right now,” John says, taking the opportunity to run his eyes over every inch of the long, lithe body presented to him. “You're brilliant, you're out of this world.” He resumes kissing Sherlock who is now blushing furiously.
He feels Sherlock’s hand squeeze lightly at his elbow, the welcome touch grounding. “What were you thinking about?” the man asks, though John doesn’t doubt for one second that Sherlock already has an inkling that it wasn’t anything particularly pleasant.
“Guh… John, oh god, I’m almost..” Sherlock whines, nudging John with his foot until John releases his balls and takes Sherlock’s leaking cock in his mouth once more, alternating long pulls with his fist, swallowing each time the hard length of him hits the back of his throat.
“She’s a part of you, John, of course I’ll love her,” Sherlock interrupts, flashing a sad smile.
“Ma- massive blood loss, mainly,” John says, his voice small and afraid. Properly afraid. He struggles to gather his thoughts. “He- he’s not-?”
“John, I need.. I need, please, it
“For if my brother wishes to scrub his upholstery clean. Otherwise, you can keep it,” he smirked, turning around just as John opened the door to 221B.
John shifts focus from the light dusting of dark hair on Sherlock's chest to the trail of hair from Sherlock's navel leading downwards to a fine nest of curls. Sherlock's cock is fully hard, the foreskin retracted, the rest flushed and leaking; in fact is it just like the rest of that pale body -- long and slender.
To be honest, the detective feels excited, unsure and fearful all at once; and as John turns to entertain and clean up after Rosie, Sherlock smiles to himself, grabbing the nearest clean beaker near him to fill up with water and placing the two flowers inside.
“Old man, eh?” John huffs, eyebrow raised in a challenge. He grabs both of Sherlock’s hands in his and pins it above the mop of curls, smirking back down at him before he plunders Sherlock’s mouth once more. Pulling his knees up, John straddles Sherlock’s stomach, rubbing his crotch over the sweaty skin, revelling in the delicious friction against his balls. “If I heard right, you said I’m the only one you’d ever want to do this with?”
He settled back on top of John's sated body. Looking up, he caught the other man's gaze with his own. They stared, silent and exhilarated.
. “Well then, looks like I’ve to do the job for him.” John drops his fork, takes another swig of his wine, and quickly, but gently, takes hold of both of Sherlock’s trembling hands. He looks up, and the fire Sherlock can see in those cobalt blue irises take his breath away. John’s face is aglow in anticipation, his smile blinding and his grip on Sherlock’s hands are steady and sure.
“The last time you
“I believe so,” John answers, the twinkle in his deep blue eyes pulling Sherlock in. “God knows you deserve it, Sherlock. After all I’ve done to you, you at least deserve to see the best of what my romantic side has to offer. Granted the ‘I love you’s’ normally come after a successful courtship, but since when have we done things the conventional way?”
Wincing his way down the stairs, Sherlock pulls his coat tight around him, careful of his bruised ribs as he shuts the main door behind him, turning and walking down the sidewalk in the opposite direction of where John Watson had fled.
“Shut up and fuck me already,” John whimpered, lowering himself to lay fully on Sherlock’s body in submission, ripe for the taking. The new position made it easier for Sherlock to take over control, sealing their mouths together in a sloppy, possessive kiss. His hand reached down to feel where John’s body was eagerly accepting Sherlock’s cock. His bollocks have pulled back close to his body. His clothes beneath him were drenched in sweat, in their combined scents. Sherlock’s eyes widened at the thought of John’s come in between them, fusing with his very cells.
“Let’s go out for dinner tonight. Angelo’s at eight. I- I’ve called him up beforehand. What- enough of that, sweetheart,” John chokes through the flour permeating the air around them, gently grabbing Rosie’s arm to stop the powdery assault and heading towards the kitchen sink. He turns the tap, collecting a handful of water and cleaning his face before turning back to face Sherlock once more. “Is that alright with you, Sherlock?”
His partner leaned forward then, unacceptably close to the woman's face, turning his head to whisper something into her ear; She laughed, head thrown back in what is undoubtedly the most exaggerated expression of mirth Sherlock has ever seen. Her hands flew up to grasp at John's shoulder and snake around his waist, subtly yet not-so-subtly squeezing as she flopped her head forwards to rest forehead-to-forehead with John.
Sherlock kept his eyes locked with John’s as one hand snaked its way from John’s back, down the crack of his arse to settle on the end of the anal plug still inside the doctor. He traced the stretched rim of John’s hole with his finger, kissing away each gasp and moan. He playfully pressed the plug in a little deeper, laughing at John’s face, screwed in a conflicting look of pleasure and torture as it pressed against his prostate.
“Yeah, well. Turns out I don’t know a lot of things, Mrs Hudson.”
Sherlock,
!”s and “
John groans to himself, dismayed at the prospect of the long journey ahead. He’d driven away the one person who mattered most, making the worst decisions of his life along the way. He couldn’t help Harry when she needed him, he married an assassin, and had seriously hurt his best friend.
Rosie laughs in response. “Sha- Sh’lah!” she screams, clapping her hands and positively bouncing in her car seat. “Dada,” she squeaks again, and John hurriedly hands her over to Mrs Hudson, unwilling to let himself cry in front of his daughter.
Sherlock seems to have lost all sense of talking as all he lets out at this point are moans and whines. John can only laugh softly at this, smoothing down Sherlock's curls, steadily driving into him with every thrust. He is close.
On the outside, Sherlock may appear perfectly calm, but internally, the detective is on the verge of pulling his hair out in anxiousness. He has no relevant experience whatsoever in regards to romance, and John seems fully intent on making up for all the missed opportunities between them and romancing the hell out of the man from now on, beginning with the dinner later that evening.
Sherlock takes a step forward, hand outreached, wanting to bridge that gap before it got too far between the two of them.
“Oh. Well, thank you. I'll bring her upstairs then..?” John's question trails off as Sherlock's expression morphs from one of uncertainty to sheepishness. John glances around, noting the trail of soft toys on the sitting room floor leading straight to Sherlock's bedroom. “Wait... Her cot isn't in my old room?”
“I know it’s fine,” Sherlock recites, the fact that they’re replaying that first night sending an odd thrill through him. He takes a deep audible breath, gripping tight to the hand clasped in his. “In fact, I might have a boyfriend, yeah.”
John is a failure, through and through.
“God help me, I do.”
John shakes off the fogginess in his head, eyes roaming over Sherlock's lithe, sweaty form. His arse is perfectly unmarked, smooth, perfectly pale. Sherlock may be all bone, but evidently what little food he allows himself to consume now and then tended to go straight to his bottom.
“Is it birthday sex?” Sherlock teases, only to receive a poke in his ribs with a yelp as John giggles above him, leaning down to kiss him deeply and with all the love he can muster. Sherlock melts into the kiss, his hands reaching up to grab hold of John’s nape and upper arm. His bottom lip slots in between both of John’s, and he lets go a breathy moan as John sucks and nips on the flesh offered to him.
Sherlock is no longer looking at him, his head turned away, but the lighting in the room allow John to see that Sherlock is now properly crying, and it takes him a few seconds to register the tugging from where his hand is locked tight to Sherlock’s wrist.
Sherlock takes a deep breath.
Rosie’s soft baby sounds permeate his thoughts, and John looks down to where the toddler slumbers, unaware of her father’s dilemma. “If there’s one thing I hope to never fail at, it’s being a father to you, darling girl,” John smiles, reaching a hand in to touch his daughter’s soft baby skin. The touch stirs the baby, but just barely, as she shifts into her father’s touch. John’s heart swells at the sight, but his smile quickly drops as his mind clouds over with thoughts of Sherlock all alone in 221B, with no one to keep him occupied, or listen to him speak his musings aloud. If it is true what Mrs Hudson said, that Sherlock had not even left the flat to solve cases for the Yard, then that is what really gets John worried - the realisation that there is literally nothing there that can distract the detective from falling headfirst into another relapse, one bad enough that Sherlock may never recover from.
, for when the occasion calls for it, Sherlock is able to distance himself enough from everything else and focus on what was important, especially when it came to solving cases for the Yard.
He conjures up the letter in his mind's eye, John's scathing words staring down at him in reproach, each one a blinding pain in his heart.
“Sherlock,”
“It reassures me that you are
“Well you won't need that when you've got me,” John emphasises by flinging said (soiled) pillow onto the bedroom floor, continuing to lay kisses down Sherlock's jaw and neck. “That was hot, by the way, you desecrating my pillow while you had your, um, fingers up your arse.”
“You forget, Sherlock, that I can appreciate aesthetic beauty, be it man or woman, and Mrs Roberts was such a pretty thing too-”
"Well a text would've been nice".
John was sitting in his usual armchair and glanced up at him briefly before turning back to his morning newspaper, "Sherlock's in the shower. Would you like a cup of tea while you wait?"
"... Need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don't suppose you'd serve time for this, but let's avoid the court case".
He hadn't hid his disapproval all evening, after all, and even if he flat out told her what
His eyes had been a little foggy when she'd first seen him...
coming from the next stall over.
Sherlock and John smirked at each other.
, John, not a
And based on the shrinking back of the other officers as John walked back to stand at his flatmate's side, the message had been received loud and clear.
The boy frowned, "You speak funny".
"... I'm sorry, what?"
He slowly retook his seat, "You...
"Stamford, Mike Stamford" He introduced, "We were at Barts together".
Glancing back up at him, he could only smirk as he saw Sherlock sneak up silently behind the taller boy.
Thank god, I've been trying to get a hold of you all
Lestrade abruptly startled, spinning around with the frying raised in self defence, before freezing when he saw him.
"I love cherries!" She exclaimed, happily pulling off the plastic lid, "How did you know?"
"Because I don't think that Rosie would appreciate you murdering her boyfriend very much".
He caught his strange look, but thankfully mistook it for something else.
"Yes Sherlock?" He replied, and the detective swallowed thickly, "Get it off of me".
"You know why he's here?"
rare occurrence indeed.
Sherlock took a long draw from his cigarette before answering.
"I'm... I'm nobody. I just met him" He quickly lied.
"By reading about the most famous sociopaths from the past two centuries?"
"You won't like it".
"Hello" He replied coolly.
But that estimation was well over 12 hours.
And then suddenly, it was as if a spell had been broken.
Something wasn't right here.
"Then why didn't you?" He growled, beginning his pacing once more.
Dionaea muscipula B-52 Venus fly trap, in fact.
, sucking licking bruising biting
John regretted ever overreacting like that, because now look where it had gotten him.
"On what the hell do I do now?"
That was... rather surprising.
His divorce wasn't going well then.
He swore it was just to spite him.
Isambard?"
Tied up.
"So how can you not see it?!" He all-but-yelled, glaring at them viciously, "How the
Half an hour later, and he'd managed to pull the blindfold from his face, and he opened his eyes expectantly only to see-
The inspector scowled at him, "Remind me never to bet against you two again".
"Yes. Yes, must have been" He replied, almost breathless, "Through that window".
He gave a curt nod, before turning back to Lestrade, and paused.
his emotions, or something like that anyway".
He glanced up only the find the man in question curiously looking at the body on the ground next to them.
"Or lying
"That cop of yours won't stop calling. Get rid of him.
He paused, tilting his head to the side as he heard the woman finally throw up.
, honestly John, at least
, if that didn't make Lestrade
Being called by the DI wasn't exactly strange, but it was certainly a very
He had been hauled up by a large man cursing his height, and rather awkwardly dragged back down the alley to a van that had arrived at the end of it, before being tossed inside unceremoniously and with a squeal of tires, the van had taken off.
Maybe John was thirsty too.
"Scarface? Who the hell is- Actually. You know what? You can save all that for the debriefing. Let's just focus on getting you out of here, alright?"
"Do I need to call Mycroft?"
Molly stared at him, at his infant curls and baby blue eyes and high cheekbones that just-
Then suddenly, he was grinning, and Lestrade felt his heart melt.
"I should have listened. I should have- I should have done what you asked me to and gone grocery shopping. Gotten the bloody litre of milk. Then we wouldn't be in this mess..."
And none other than the reason for her demise stepped out.
"I don't know what you're referring to, brother mine".
"Liar".
this before".
not. He's currently sitting in your kitchen in shock".
Mycroft quickly decided that he would stay with Sherlock rather than with Gregory, as he knew, logically, that his brother would always be number one on his list.
He grinned and let his head roll to the side to face the spiteful woman, "Ah, Donavon, it's been
"I'VE GOT TO BREAK FREEEEE!"
"She's only a few days old, Sherlock. I'd say she resembles a potato more than a person whom could be considered
because it was true... How did you
He did so cautiously, and almost immediately heard the same door slam shut behind him.
And that had been that.
"Get up!"
Inside, there was only darkness, and John stumbled and cursed his way to the window to yank back the curtains. Turning back around, he spied the heavily covered lump in the middle of the bed, invisible under layers and layers and
"Yes, the spider. What else?"
His eyes snapped up to the ex-soldiers, "...
years you let me think he was
fault that
Making his way over to the monkey bars, Sherlock watched with interest as once red-haired boy made it completely across, his feet swinging half a meter off the ground.
"... What did you do?"
Mary was an assassin.
"I'm sorry, I think you got the wrong-"
"We all thought you were an idiot, Sherlock" Eurus replied, "We've had nothing else to go on until now".
that mean, please correct your grammar" He shot back, "And it means that you're strange".
"Caught him littering once too often".
John quickly closed his eyes to fight back the tears.
Lestrade huffed in exasperation, before lifting up the yellow police tape, "Just... come on, already, before I send you home".
Turning to Sherlock, he narrowed his eyes at him.
Sherlock frowned.
find it here after all.
Already he could tell that the judge was favouring the detective over his wife, especially when Mr. Jones declared that the only reason Mrs. Lestrade had bought the apartment, was so she could have an affair with the PE teacher behind her husband's back.
"DI Lestrade?"
Taking a deep breath, he glanced around his empty apartment, the pancakes and empty chinese cartons the only sign that last night and this morning had, in fact, happened.
"Giles, John, it's about bloody time".
had agreed, after all, as there were many lose ends that needed to be wrapped up after the entire Eurus debacle.
"And tell her the truth as to why you want it?"
Standing up on the chair, he quickly forgot his earlier question, and instead slowly raised the glass up to the ceiling, only to catch a web on the way there which sent the spider spinning around in circles.
He was right.
"Should we talk about our... shared interest?"
my division".
to reign in his
Requested by: LizbetRx
"-consumes you" He finished quietly.
"Late night at the clinic" Holmes replied, "And I personally believe he would be very
"He doesn't. He likes tea. And it's because I
"You don't say" She remarked, smirking, and he turned to her, an angry retort on the tongue before-
"Sherlock, does Mycroft have this flat bugged, yes or no?"
He was getting
How dare
It was far too late for anyone to be out walking, and he'd chosen these woods specifically for their lack of campers. The terrain was too rocky and steep for hikers, and no one lived close by enough to just wander in. Which just left hunters. But John was a hunter himself, albeit of a different kind...
meant to know he shouldn't drink directly from the milk carton? Or that he'd actually been
Requested by: mariott
"Sherlock".
She stared, shocked into place, as they all looked up when she arrived.
Today was the day.
"-if these two should not be wed, speak now or forever hold your peace" the Priest finishes, and John can't help but give a silent sigh at the pointless line.
It was an entire hour, an indian, and three beers later that Mycroft gathered up the courage to shove the binder into the older man's lap.
"With what?" Mycroft asked quickly, but the doctor shook his head, "Not an aesthetic, but there's a fresh track mark on his arm, so probably an opioid. And he's been hit a few times as well".
"A criminal justice book, this time. My professors seem to get a kick out of giving me ancient books to read".
Because Sherlock always was, after all.
"You, Rosie, are a
The older boy turned back and glared at him, "What?!"
He takes one step forwards and then another and another and suddenly he's running running
Lestrade smiled, one last issue on his mind.
John studied him closely, "... Did you ever tell him why? Why you..."
"What. The. Fuck?"
The bathroom.
, Sherlock!
His coat had been lost sometime in the struggle at the carpark, and all that remained were faded jeans, his old Nikes, and a threadbare jumper. He was tied up so he couldn't escape, and he had no weapon to fight with even if he could get out of his bonds.
"Yes, well, no one asked for your opinion Anderson, you ignoramus!" He snapped, before quickly turning to look down at Rosie, "That means idiot. You should learn that, I use it quite a lot".
"And don't I know it" He sighed, taking a seat next to the man as he closed his eyes once more, the flashing blue and red sirens casting shadows on his face.
"Only you, Sherlock, could mistake a love confession for someone being
confess your undying love?"
"Then you can't just go around talking about- about our common
"... I've a text from Lestra'e".
"Sherlock?" He asked, surprised, "He's right he-"
"To you, maybe, but not to the rest of us".
Sherlock stared.
Greg stared at the digits for a minute, before smiling and hitting a few keys, keeping the screen faced away from curious eyes, "... Thank you".
The solider slowly nodded, "Alright... Alright, then, you... you overdosed as a teenager because of moronic idiots who didn't see your gift for what it was. Just that. A
The largest of Venus fly trap family, it had traps surpassing two inches in length and grew in large batches, maximising food intake. It had bright red interiors and a green outside, with short petioles. It also required a lot of light and water, but could survive up to 3 months without food, and live for over 15 years.
"Look at the body, Lestrade!" He exclaimed, "The way it's positioned, the blunt force trauma to the back of the skull, obviously done in the heat of the moment. And where's her wedding ring?"
He didn't realise he'd spoken out loud until he heard quick footsteps behind him, "Are you alright?"
"This... This bookstore of yours" He began nervously, "The one you recommended to me?"
"It's a stakeout" He replied, rolling his eyes as he knelt down to pick the lock on the roof door, "I told you we need to wait for the man to leave before following him. We can't just burst in there with guns blazing!"
From behind them, Anderson scoffed and rolled his eyes.
Sherlock scowled right back, "And I
"No!"
"Her. The spider is female, John. Not an 'it'. We've already established this".
It was a mistake coming here.
burned down the fridge by throwing an unknown chemical at the head inside it.
He blinked, taken aback, but she ploughed on regardless.
The detective gave a feral grin and licked his lips, "Not even just a
Mycroft ducked his head to avoid his affectionate gaze, and the detective's smile softened as he tossed his phone to the side, hands coming up to loop around the younger man's neck once more, "Now so, where were we?"
"And here I was thinking you could easily escape a set of these".
"Holmes".
"Nothing!" came the too quick reply, and then suddenly piercing grey eyes were staring into his own, "Sherlock".
"Cherries?!"
And now, there was this little...
the reason for the tear streaks on your face. The same way I know that
Now that was a low blow.
"That's that" He replied, fingers already twitching at his side for another cigarette, "You should get going. Classes will be starting soon".
To anyone else, they would have scoffed at the arrogant remark, but to Lestrade, who had known the man far far longer than anybody else on his team, he knew exactly what he meant.
"No. Her boyfriend. Like Mary was your girlfriend. We're going to meet him".
Taking the seat at the foot of the bed, he waited until Sherlock looked like he was two seconds from flinging himself at him, before answering.
"Yes... Kyle... It's good to finally meet you too" He reluctantly said, "Dinner's nearly ready, so why don't you two... stay in the sitting room".
"Hey! Hey freak!"
The younger quickly dashed out the door before he could be tackled, "See you next Christmas!"
Lestrade sighed and collapsed back in his seat, "It was after the whole pancake thing that he kissed me... He sort of freaked out".
Still nothing.
"In my pocket".
She bristled, "Meaning?"
Lestrade pinched the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath, "... Do you honestly believe that bringing a
She quickly reached up to her ear and pressed at the listening device that was hidden there.
John counted the minutes until he got too cold to do so, and so when he finally did hear the slamming of doors and angry shouts of Scotland Yard, he could only estimate how long he'd been held captive for.
… hires
He took another sip of tea, "Yes, brother dear?"
And before anyone could even blink, Lestrade had yelled and flung himself forwards, just as there was a loud-
Arriving at what was now most certainly a fight, Mycroft quickly squeezed himself into the circle with every intention of finding out
"How dare I?" He had the nerve to look insulted, "How dare
He had seen Lestrade shooting curious glances at it all night, but thankfully, being the good man that he was, he hadn't mentioned it.
"No!" He snapped, "No! Three. Years. Holmes! For three
"Rosie, please, come on, put it away".
Greg turned to face him, "How many are here?"
And when the inevitable debate of
"Oh, just knock already, would you!"
And a man at that.
John stared back an him blankly, and Sherlock sighed over-dramatically, "The Victorian engineer? The man behind the Greta Western Railways?
he spent between ever-growing stacks of books, reading everything he could get his hands on about psychology, sociology, and the dreaded word itself, poured over medical journals as thick as his arm, psychiatric reports by the doctors of Ted Bundy, Jeffrey Dahmer, and Diane Downs, and reports dating back as far as 1792, as he attempted to find answers, to find cures, to find out
He blinked, confused, before suddenly trying to sit up, and Mycroft quickly pushed him back down, "No, don't get up, you've been shot... Watson!"
"Him and John... ?"
It quickly became apparent that Sherlock was of the same mindset as him in that regard, and while the detective threw just as many cruel insults and callous remarks in the older man's direction, he also seemed to act just that little bit...
... then perhaps that would be the most suitable".
into his back as the younger man claimed his mouth so
"I am
"Gregory, what are you insinuating?"
So now, he wanted revenge.
"Go on" She encouraged, "As you said, we'll be here a while anyway".
And despite it all, John couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of the situation.
Sherlock reeled back, hands quickly coming up only to find a bloody lip.
He couldn't help it, he blushed, and saw Greg's smile widen in turn.
"John, you're a soldier, and it's going to take you a while to adjust to civilian life, and writing a blog about everything that happens to you will honestly help you".
Sherlock frowned, "In general? Of course not, I'm five years old. At this playground? Yes".
"Oh please, you're telling the
Piling wood on top of the now blazing fire, Sherlock gently herded the ex-soldier towards his favourite chair, before turning on the kettle as he ran down the hall to his bedroom, returning with an armful of quilt and blankets.
John frowned, "A spider? You want me to kill... A
"It's still not ethical, Sherlock" He replied instead, "What do you think John would say if he knew you brought her here? To a
Gaze drifting past his brother's shoulder, his eyes landed on a six-inch-thick medical journal written on 'The Science behind Sociopathy'.
A smile that would be unnoticeable to the untrained eye, but considering that his job basically revolved around reading people and judging their facial expressions to see if they're lying or not, it was pretty bloody obvious to him that the man was happy with the idea of drinks.
She levelled him with a dry look, but didn't press the matter any further.
. No wonder you're in the same year as me, you're not smart, your daddy just wrote a big cheque".
Introducing him to Sherlock just saved Mike a rather quick, if not painless, death.
Lestrade sighed in relief as he finally found the secluded bookstore, and took a long drag of his cigarette before stubbing it out on the pavement beneath his feet.
"GOD KNOWSSSS! GOD KNOWS I WANT TO BREAAAAK FREEEE!"
He reluctantly tried, and failed, once more.
Silently, he made another promise to himself in that moment.
She nodded enthusiastically, grinning, "Thanks 'Lock, thanks dad, I'll tell him right away".
" John hissed at him, pulling the blanket over the sleeping genius, and Lestrade came to an abrupt stop at the sight in front of him.
He was fighting with John.
He took one final long drag of the cigarette before reluctantly stubbing it out in the bathroom sink, "Then I propose a second clause to our deal".
"You know... I was hoping you'd show up" He admitted, "I mean, I wished that you'd come back to live every day, but... today... It just hit me stronger than usually".
But he wasn't going to stop now.
with him.
"What kind of deal?"
"Think he will" John had finished, a smile slowly spreading across his face.
"Yes. That was my...
"What's your passcode?"
It was probably how he was a genius, after all.
John couldn't help but smile at the genius's rambling as he stood up to make himself some tea.
He turned to the body rolled up in cast-off carpet.
"Oh... I don't like my siblings. My sister's always mean to me".
leave. He didn't offer, you had to stay... That's got to hurt".
"Yes" He replied, "And do you know why?"
"Shared interest. Our- Our mutual hobby".
"So" John began, somewhat awkwardly, "You're studying criminology, yea?"
Psychiatrist-number-six sighed and gave a patronising smile.
And then there was Anderson.
The younger Holmes shifted from one foot to the other restlessly, "Because you've always been kind to me, even when I didn't deserve it, and... I wasn't thinking straight. Not then. Not when... not when I thought you were about to be killed".
John stared at it and then thought of the shrapnel still buried in his shoulder, too deep to safely remove.
A second so-called 'drowning' a few days later, had the police bursting back into 221B at a much more reasonable hour as the John just finished his lunch.
Sherlock rewarded him with a loud bruising kiss, bracing one arm around John’s shoulders, the other against the wall next to his head, before pulling out and thrusting back into John’s body with brutal force. The two men cried out in ecstasy as the slapping of skin on skin quickly filled the quiet air, John gritting out cry after cry of “
“I’ll be back before you know it,” he tells Mrs Hudson, one leg already back in the car that will bring him to the airport. “Please give Sherlock my best, and pass along my utmost thanks for agreeing to babysit Rosie.”
“Well, that was the plan all along,” Sherlock mumbled into John’s sweat-slicked skin.
He tilts his head just right, places his mouth on that patch of skin, and very, very lightly, presses his tongue just
There was a pause above him before Sherlock felt the fluttering of muscles around his cock, rendering him speechless as John seized up in his arms, head slouching forward as his mouth clamped onto Sherlock’s shoulder as John came hard between them, his cock squeezing out spurt after spurt of hot white come. Sherlock slowed his thrusts, squeezing a hand between them to work John through his orgasm, pumping him empty, mouth watering at the pool of come dripping down their chests. John gasped through his high, eyes glazed over as he nudged Sherlock backwards, dislodging his legs from Sherlock’s back, lowering himself onto shaky legs back to the ground.
. I wouldn't live in a world where you ceased to exist, John. I couldn't. Thus I died, so you could live."
It’s the morning after John returned to Baker Street. Half-dressed and drowsy. Sherlock had entered the bathroom from the kitchen after fixing Rosie’s bottle of milk - the toddler is due to wake in approximately seventeen minutes, if Sherlock has monitored her sleeping patterns properly - and he had promptly forgotten to close the door behind him.
“G- god, Sherlock, please forgive me,” John moans, his fingers grasping, scratching at Sherlock’s dressing gown. He burrows himself even further into Sherlock’s embrace and Sherlock lets him, overwhelmed at how stricken his friend sounds, gasping for air, like he is unable to get enough oxygen, like he is on the verge of a panic attack.
Sherlock held on tight, spreading John’s arse cheeks, loving the loud squelching noises of his cock fucking John’s hole raw. His hips were starting to tire from exertion but he held on, keeping up a constant pace. John was mewling above him, and he’d swear he could feel John’s own limp penis between them starting to plump up once more.
And all of a sudden, Sherlock cannot do it.
quiet.
John acknowledges the simple request with a tiny nod, allowing himself the shortest of glances upwards, where the windows of 221B overlook Baker Street. He sees a hint of tall, dark silhouette nestled against a curtain before it withdraws back into the shadows. John gulps, his heart in his throat as his gaze drops back to that of the sight of his daughter, safe in the custody of one of the most important people in his life.
“Surprisingly, John, we've yet to properly christen the sofa.” Sherlock hurried to remove his own briefs, sighing in relief as his aching erection was freed of its confines.
, I love you so much, you brilliant, brilliant man.”
Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat. His eyes must be fully dilated, as was John’s. His lover gave him the smallest of nods to signal he was ready. His cock was still glistening and slick from John’s blowjob earlier, so he did not really require any more lube at this point. Perfect.
“John! Ah-!” Sherlock’s orgasm take them both by surprise, John continuing to thrust even as Sherlock’s internal muscles clamp down hard, the detective nothing but a mess of twitching limbs and gasping breaths in his arms, his release creating a mess of the bed sheets.
“No, Sherlock, listen to me,
- and never mind that he is covered almost head to toe in baking flour with a giggling Rosie at his feet; Sherlock lets the doctor pull him in, and the two men embrace for an uncertain amount of time before Rosie squawks her protest and the two break apart, the detective taking the chance to place a firm kiss on John’s forehead as a silent thank-you.
“Who’s the ‘lucky bastard’? Me?” Sherlock asks, positively bouncing in his seat, caught up in the flirting game and eager to reach the conclusion.
His friend’s deep cobalt blue eyes had been shimmering with something akin to fondness, exasperation, a hint of panic and… and - affection. John cared for Sherlock enough to consider him worthy of John’s companionship and trust.
John collapses onto the sofa in the sitting room, his strength flagging and wanting very,
“He had a puncture wound to the spleen. Now,
, you’re alright, I forgave you, please, I forgave you a long time ago,” Sherlock chants into his hair, letting John take comfort in his presence. “You’re back now, that’s all that matters.”
John tumbles into his orgasm right then, biting down on his propped up elbow to muffle his pleasured grunts as he paints his hand and the door with spurts of come. His vision blacks out for a moment, eyes stinging with the intensity of his release with Sherlock's sated moaning of his name in the background. His cock twitches a few more times, wringing out every last drop out of him. He hadn’t had an orgasm that paralysing for a long time, John realizes, afraid to peer around the door lest seeing Sherlock post-orgasm make him want to do things he still doesn’t think they’re ready for.
He squeezes a dollop of lube onto his palm. Hand hovering in between their slick bodies, John takes a moment to take stock of Sherlock's shivering body and the hands that don't quite seem to know where to go.
“All the times I ever allowed myself to slip and give in to weakness, all the times I allowed myself to feel something for you,” Sherlock replies, his chin to his chest, his body trying to curl up into a fetal position - Sherlock’s default state whenever he is upset, or in a strop. “I’ll delete it all so you can be rest assured that I regard you as only a friend, and nothing more.”
John finds himself about ready to burst, and when he glances up as he hears his name once more, right at that moment Sherlock gives a final thrust, arching his back and stretching that beautiful neck, mouth open in a wordless scream as he comes and comes and
“Baked eggs with bacon and spinach,” Sherlock said, placing a mountain of buttered toast between them and sitting down.
"Why not just say 'estrus'?"
Now. The actual procedure. He laid his non-greasy fingers to his neck and took his pulse--normal. His state of health had been perfectly fine, as usual; perhaps a slight change in digestion since Sherlock's arrival. He couldn't remember whether a more varied diet had effectuated the same change last spring. His sleep was excellent, as long as he didn't stop and listen to Sherlock breathe or there was no burning bread dough in the cabin. He had definitely been drinking less; the level of whiskey in the bottle in the pantry had descended quite slowly. Sherlock again; his talk was so interesting in the evening that John did not think of pouring himself a cup. Even Sherlock's silences were compelling.
“She likes you.”
He handed the letter to Dimmock.
“Sherlock,” John called again, but Sherlock did not answer.
“Very well, Sherlock, you’re a genius with poultry,” he said, and watched Sherlock’s broad smile become broader.
“It’s getting dark,” Lestrade said. “I’ll light the fire.”
"Wait," John said, remembering. “She told you she didn't want to speak to you, that she would never speak to you again? She warned me away from your family. Said you weren’t worth it.”
“It’s just chance.” John peered into the fridge. Two bags of milk were left, but the cream container was nearly empty. He ran his fingers over the surface: greasy. He set it down with a sigh. Ever since the case in early January featuring a victim that drank bulletproof coffee, Sherlock had been testing different blends of fat and cream. The last one--beaver--had been truly noxious, and John had had to put his foot down. The faintly raspberry-flavoured grease slick on Sherlock’s lips had put him off kissing for days, much to Sherlock’s disgust.
After a brief silence, he laid one hand on John’s shoulder. His stomach fluttered.
“Sounds fine. I’m sure I’ll have sweets from Mrs. Hudson, if I play my cards right.”
“You’re a person, John! A human being! And you deserve what happiness you can find in this life!”
"Mmmmmm. Do it again."
“Here,” he said, holding out a green branch with a chunk of cheese on the end. “Hold it over the fire, then catch the melted cheese with the bread. Then, do it again.”
“Which is?”
“It’ll be a big one,” John replied. He went back to his seat; the heat in Sherlock’s eyes had him both discomposed and wary.
“Because Roll Up the Rim is rigged.”
His day stretched before him. There would be no woodcutting, and so unless Isadora calved, there were only his meals to look after. He could look over his planting forecast for the spring, but his lack of ready money made him shy away from it; it had been a poor harvest last year and he'd had to eat some of his seed potatoes and grain.
“If we eat now, we’ll have time to get home, though we might have to ride the last part of the way in the dark. I’ll build a fire, shall I?” he said. Sherlock nodded, his wind-ruffled curls narrowly escaping contact with the pile of fish guts beside him. “Don’t get anything unspeakable in your hair, or you’ll have to go swimming.”
“No! That’s mine.”
“I must have her, Uncle Gregory. I must. She’s my friend.”
Confessions are made, cures are sought, and John is very, very restrained.
He began to laugh as well.
John snorted. He had thought the same thing so many times he could not deny it. Annoying she might be, but he always knew what she was thinking.
“Honest to God, I have no idea how you managed to live to the advanced age of twenty-six.”
thing.
“You cannot compel me, and I will not do it. Shall we ring for tea instead?”
“More. A… a…”
"No motive though. Why would she do such a thing? You don't know her, I don't know her," John interrupted.
The silence behind him told him that Sherlock was not looking at his viola whatsit either. John wondered what was running through that enormous, agile brain.
“No, don’t fling your coffee,” John said. “Look, it’s just bad luck.”
“Speculation, John.” Sherlock continued to scribble. “Although, your question regarding the dog is marginally useful.”
Sherlock was there, preparing their supper in silence.
The next vandalism incident was at a deer farm outside of Sault Ste. Marie; several fences had been pulled down, and the deer had escaped. Sherlock, trying to see just how fast deer could run, nearly got trampled. He only evaded it by taking a flying leap into the next pen over, which contained a bottle-fed moose. John thought he’d die laughing when the moose--very clearly not interested in trampling Sherlock, but rather in rubbing up against him until he fell over--licked Sherlock’s face.  The moose, of course, was the culprit, and the relieved owner gave them a Tim’s gift card in addition to their fee.
“They can take care of themselves.”
"Really. Because I distinctly recall you rebuffing my very generous offer. "
“Won’t say no, Angelo. I’ve not had a hot meal in two days.”
She tells John that Guglielmo is 18.
Sherlock just looked at him.
By the time he had carried enough water for the smaller animals and led the larger ones out to drink, he was shivering. He carried a bucket into the house for himself and filled the kettle. At least the fire was warm. He set the spider down by the fire to heat. He had one egg, and there was enough salt pork to grease the pan, at least.
"I want to. At least the stomach contents," Sherlock said.
John’s shoulders slumped. “She did.”
“See here. The rules are simple and you will listen to them. The first: do not get yourself killed or seriously injured. The second: do not make more work for me. I've got enough to do. Break these," John fixed Sherlock with the glare that had made many subalterns wish they were somewhere else, "and I ship you back to where you will have many more rules than this."
“You say winners and losers are random. I think they’re rigged. So let’s test it.”
“That’s conjecture.” Sherlock’s voice was weaker than he had hoped it might be. John was looking up at him, and the look made Sherlock want to fall to his knees. He stiffened his spine instead.
Sherlock nodded. It didn’t matter.
Sherlock nodded, and turned his head to get a whiff of fresh air. The smell of billy goat was overwhelming, though neither Mrs. Hudson nor Clara seemed too bothered by it. In fact, Clara was straining to get closer to Frank, her tail flicking, her vulva pink and open. Frank seemed outwardly calm, but he was not at all disinterested. He urinated in great spurts over his legs and face, then approached Clara’s rapidly flicking tail. The slow unfurling of his phallus, buoyed by his truly massive testicles, indicated his interest. He sniffed Clara, then, without any further preamble, mounted her.
Perhaps it was time for the prostate massage treatment.
"I'd have used a more scientific term, but there is none, so I had to improvise."
He fried his scrap of salt pork and then put in the one egg and a hunk of his own hard bread into the grease. Tea and breakfast, such as it was, would make him feel better, he supposed, though it would do nothing fatten his purse.
"Well, find someone else to bear it."
“Ready,” was all he said, reaching for Idiot Horse’s reins. Their hands brushed as he seized them, and a shiver shot through him. John coughed, then spoke.
“Notching” is cutting a bed in the log so that the two logs will rest together. It’s not a sex thing. (IT COULD TOTALLY BE A SEX THING.)
“And then I met Mary Morstan, the quartermaster’s daughter. She felt the same; Sho—some of the other men did, too, but it was harder to talk to them.”
“Just bread and cheese, though. We’d better get moving. I’ll do the chores and hitch up Arthur.”
It did not come. Instead, John’s face was still and ashen, and his fingers were tight on the reins.
“My dear Watson, my weakness will be on full display.”
"Nobody ships me anywhere," Sherlock grumbled, but a look flashed across his face that made John feel more reassured than anything he'd seen so far.
Sherlock nearly howled, pushing back towards him in urgency. Two or three wet drops had fallen to the blanket already, and John had barely started. He wondered if he would ever get to the end of Sherlock’s responsiveness, and bent to his work. The world shrank to these few inches of flesh, the soft pleading sounds in his ears, and the scent of musk and sex.
"Perfect shot," he said, conversationally, then sank to his knees.
“Morning, Greg. He’s just anxious to show Mrs. H that his sourdough is better than hers.”
"Is that a colloquial term for estrus?"
But Sherlock was gone.
Sherlock attempts courtship via baked eggs, John comes to a tentative decision, and something goes bump in the night.
He felt better, somehow, though he missed the feel of the paper under his hand.
The letter was heavy, written on the kind of paper John had only seen once or twice in his life. It unfolded with a rich crackle.
It was only when a log dropped in the grate and made him jump that John realized he had been dreaming, half-asleep in his low work chair.
“Says you,” John said, turning back to the breakfast preparations. A prickle of discomfort enveloped him. His cock stirred in his trousers as if to remind him privacy had indeed been in scant supply recently. His usual routine—frigging himself in the morning—was impossible now. Being outdoors when Sherlock was indoors and indoors when Sherlock was outdoors was more complex than it sounded, and he hadn’t brought himself to completion since Sherlock had arrived. No wonder he was so jumpy.
“You… you’ll what?”
“Not those glands.”  John hid a smile. “This is a single gland: the prostate. It provides a matrix for seminal fluid.”
“We fell in love and married immediately. She wasn’t very domestic, so we made do on that front, but she was passionate, and so alive. And it gave me something to do,” he finished, with a self-conscious laugh.
“He revolted?”
“No, of course not. No, don’t worry.”
“Oh, thanks. But you haven’t seized on the very important fact that every single one of these women lives on a working farm and couldn’t spare the time to trek down to my farm for a practical joke.”
John woke in the night, and realized that he had fallen relatively easily to sleep.  He looked up through the cracks in the loft floor, listening to Sherlock’s occasional rustling. There were no signs of sleep derangement: Sherlock Holmes was, apparently, an alarmingly quiet sleeper despite his whirlwind personality. John fell asleep again, tired out from the day's barrage of novelty.
“You …ruddy bastard!”
Mrs. Hudson was quiet for a moment.
Since then, he had managed to clear 15 more acres and build. Now he had a house, a barn, the old shanty, a cold cellar, and 25 acres cleared of one hundred and fifty was no small thing, and he looked back on his hard work with a sudden flash of pride.
"I do not."
“Sherlock, d’you think you could…” John waved a hand at the litter of notebooks, pens, and specimens that consumed his table, the settle, and indeed most of the room.
“It’s, well, I want to propose something.”
“Wait!” Sherlock started up. “Harry’s bellowing.”
“Post office first,” John said, “then the store. Angelo will have some dinner for us if we do it that way.” Sherlock looked bored at the mention of dinner, but followed nonetheless. Before they reached the post office, however, Sherlock peeled away towards the hotel.
“John?” Sherlock sounded confused, but he was awake.
“John,” he said, more loudly. “John. John!”
“It was funnier than your puns. Look out!”
“Five—no, seven years now. Just a little before John came.” she said, passing him the soap.
And then Sherlock Holmes got closer and John mentally raised up Mycroft a couple of hundred feet.
"The loft is good enough, and I will provide his bedding and a small allowance of food."
“May be, may be,” Mike said. “But a meat-eating bear is no small danger, so better keep a close eye on your stock and yourselves. No going out at night for any reason.” His face was as stern as John had ever seen it, and yet there was a slight twinkle in his eye.  What the hell could he be thinking?
The theme song for this chapter is “Company of Fools” by Great Big Sea, but it was almost “Problem Bears” by the Tragically Hip.
The state of the cottage sent the golden mean flying right out of John’s mind. Entirely Sherlock-free, the main area was instead a jumble of scientific implements, paper, and squirrel bits. The skin was spread out and drying over the fire, and so, John noted faintly, were the contents of its stomach and intestines. On the good plates, such as they were.
“I’ll do that,” he said, and did, marveling at the beauty of Sherlock’s cock. Then John shed his own shorts and pants and straddled Sherlock again, hissing at the pleasure of their bare skin. He slid down Sherlock’s body and buried his nose at the join of his thigh and torso, inhaling the hot, masculine scent.
“We’re still bloody nowhere.” Sherlock stood up. “Can we go back to the woods again? I need data. Answers.”
Sherlock looked at John intently. John was used to being listened to when he did speak—by humans, that is; Harry was currently chewing his trouser pocket, though he’d told her off three times—and Sherlock was surprised at his own willingness to listen. He cleared his throat and turned his attention back to the geese.
John moved to dodge, but where empty air had been a moment before, there was now a solid wall of warm, hairy flesh. He bounced right off and careened into Sherlock, who had still not quite righted himself. The force was sufficient to propel them both back into the manure pile. John heard a muffled curse as Sherlock landed rather deeper than he had before, then cursed himself as his own knees met the wet slurry. He put out his hands to save himself but they met only manure.
“You’re healthy enough now. But your habits will eventually break you down.”
“Correct.” John’s nod of approval was gratifying. “We’ve got four miles to go yet.”
“I will. Oh, Father!” John tried to hold back his tears, of  bitterness and joy both, but they came nonetheless. His father held him close, and they saw the moon rise together.
