“What do you mean you guys have never heard the night before Christmas before?” Dean cried at the group of adults gathered in the room around them. Holidays approached faster than he remembered and thanks to the safety of the bunker, they could celebrate again this year, something the brothers hadn’t done in over a decade.
Staring at it, he sighed before moving about the room to shove things aside, search through the several belongings and generally creating chaos inside the room. He found nothing but dust and anger. With little else to do, he started pulling apart the bed spread to go searching even deeper. There was nothing to be found and in the end he was left to reassemble the furniture and sit quietly on the floor trying to think of ways out. It didn’t help that Sammy was nowhere to be found, at least not yet, and he still had no idea what the heck was happening. As he had began to give up, a knock on the door forced his eyes to snap to the solid door as it opened to reveal another orderly. One he knew well.
“Alright,” he started, settling down on the corner of the table with Cas kitty-cornered to him. Without having to say so, everyone congregated in the center of the room, some of them opting to sit while others stood, all nursing their drinks carefully and cautiously as to not spill them.
“Are you here? You with me bud?”
“Why?” He asked instead.
“I don’t see why not.”
“So, not mimes but still evil.” His brother didn’t even bother to roll his eyes.
“What?”
“Oh great, tweedle dee and tweedle dumb are here.” It grumbled and Dean pouted.
“Yes, that. Come on, we have these meetings every month and it’s getting worse. They have upped your prescription hoping it will work this time but if not then I don’t know what you’re going to do. I can’t keep standing up for and protecting you forever, Dean. At a certain point, I’m not going to be enough.” When it should have been said with finality, Dean couldn’t help but detect a slice of real concern for him. Or maybe it was for this apparent counter him. Gulping, Dean stared at his friends back while he tried to make heads or tails of what was happening. He didn’t have a clue and was quickly shuffled into a room with only a small window above the scarcely covered bed.
“Yeah but it’s been two weeks and nothing.”
“Yeah, just thinking. You can stay here until we figure out what to do with... everything.”
“Bobby, I don’t know what’s going on man. And before you start-“ he held up a finger when Bobby opened his mouth to interrupt “-no, I don’t mean anything about this whole fake shit. I mean I went to bed last night after a long day and next thing I know I’m waking up in a straitjacket with you people telling me I hunted a rugaru when I haven’t seen one of those things in years. I don’t know what’s going on.” Bobby stared at him as if he had three heads, hand hovering over the button to call orderlies while halfway standing.
“Don’t you get it? I didn’t send you here just cause I can. I sent you here because this you needed it.” That made him refrain from saying why he wanted to.
“I’m not gonna knock you out, I’m just going to clock you so it looks like you tried to stop me, now stop being a wuss.” A hand went up protectively shielding his face.
“Or not.” As one, the four began rushing forwards at the same time they did. He managed to get one down and was on his second when he heard the telltale sound of another head hitting the floor before he caught sight of Sam being slammed into the floor hard enough to knock him out.
“You, uh...” wincing, he let go of his face and brought both hands up to air bunny. “‘Gripped me right and raised me from perdition.’”
“No you didn’t.” Bordering on awkward silence, Dean decided to clear the silence by doing what he did best. Working a case.
“Rude.”
“A week ago two guys tried to rob and kill a guy and the guy stabbed their eyes right out of their skulls.” Sam glanced between him and the screen with raised eyebrows.
“Some of them don’t think you can last out here for longer than a day without trying to kill someone else so they make sure you can’t hurt any of us. I was told it was.. my turn. By some of us I mean everyone but me, Dr. Singer, Dr. Novak and Ellen.”
“Am I dead? Is this hell?” Laughing, he slammed his hand down onto the others shoulder and shook his head.
“He did what?” Grinning, he opened his door handle and began to duck down into the car.
“I think I might know how we can find out if anything’s been going on around here lately.”
“Couldn’t remember where my room was. Everything looks the same when you’re half asleep.” Cas nodded, like anything Dean said was true.
Sam was in a similar situation but sitting at the table and it wasn’t just his stomach that felt warm. Everything was burning up and it was all he could do not to collapse on the spot. He still succumbed to sleep though, it just took longer than it normally would have.
“Alright so, what did you want to check out?” He grinned and lead Sam around the corner until the banner with the words ‘Annual Pie Festival’ were in sight and for everyone to see. Sam took one look at it before his smile dropped and he was looking at Dean.
“What are you doing up this early?”
When he’d given that officer his card, he’d never imagined she’d actually call, no less for a different case altogether. Drowsy and wishing he hadn’t cried half the night before, he and Sam dressed up and left Miracle to explore the room alone while they went to the scene of yet another crime. She stood outside waiting for him and raised her hand in welcome once they’d come within range.
“Town square?”
“Like hell I’m not.” He grumbled, sitting down and digging his finger into a pumpkin pie slice which he promptly scooped back out and offered to Miracle. The dog happily took it and one he was finished, Dean turned back to catch a plate of his own pie right in his face. Letting it slowly slip down, he glared at his laughing brother.
“Still, thanks.”
“Yeah I just got here and talked to them. Looks like his eyes were burnt out of his skull.”
“Yep! I’m gonna be so sick.” Patting his brothers chest, he told him to wait with Miracle and wandered off to claim eight different slices of pie before wandering back to where Sam and Miracle waited.
“Jack pulled me out to help him clear the walls down in heaven.” Furrowing his brows, he looked back up at Cas who did everything but meet his gaze head on.
“No, listen, we don’t have much time. Naomi finally got the grant to have you shipped to Lakeland, and they plan to move you now.”
“Crap.”
“Last time we tried to get you up before nine you threatened to stab the orderlies.” Eye brows raising on their own accord, Dean frowned at the other. Yeah, that did kind of sound like him. Unless it was by his own will, anyone other than Sam waking him up had to have a death wish.
“This is Sam by the way,” he faltered for a second wondering how to continue but decided on the truth. “My brother.”
“I’ve recently wanted to branch out and try macrame but the nurses say I’m not attentive enough to do it.”
Gun lowering of it’s own accord his feet moved forwards, he crept towards the kitchen where the sound of dishes clanking together echoed in the otherwise silent bunker. Brows furrowing his brought the gun back up and waited around the corner. He wasn’t sure why he was waiting, it just felt right. Not three seconds later he spun around the corner and pointed the weapon at the back of a messy haired figure clad in a trench coat.
“Yeah, uh, why are you leading this thing? Shouldn’t it be someone else.” Cas’s brows twitched, gaze switching from macrame boy to Deans smirking face.
“Dunno.”
“Nothing, nothing, but I don’t know who Charlie is-“
“Should I be? Look man I’m just trying to get everything together and pull myself out of here, I don’t have time to be hunting some fake shit.” Cas tilted his head at him but said nothing. “Look, you don’t believe me, I get it, I mean this is how me and Sam got ourselves into a mental institute in the first place, by saying what we saw and did was real, but man I don’t know what’s going on here. We weren’t hunting anything, we were just going home and-and the next thing I know I wake up in a straitjacket.”
“I’m running on the idea it was another angel.”
Oh no, that happened later in the bathroom alone when he had nothing but the bathtub and his own  broken reflection as company.
“Hopefully the good kind of different.”
Panting, he bent over and leaned his hands on his knees to take a second. Goodness knows how far he was from the main building but he saw something much more promising, the parking lot, filled to the brim with cars. All of them alone, all of them easy to break into. Checking to make sure he still had his makeshift lock-pick on him, he picked the least douche like car and got it running. He wasn’t sure how much time he had before they figured out where he was or what he was doing but didn’t much care. They would figure out whose car he’d stolen soon so he needed to get away.
“Clear the walls? What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Here,” he readied his fist and Cas automatically backed away.
“I’m sorry,” a head popped into the doorway, hesitance written clearly on their features. “There’s, uh, there’s someone here to talk to mr. Winchester and it’s visiting time so...” he trailed off, glancing between Cas, sitting clearly startled in his chair, a pen in his limp hand and notepad on the floor after he dropped it in Dean’s confrontation and Dean, standing tall with a look of murder in his face.
“Castiel. Come on dude, what does that have to do with anything?”
“All my years of work, I’ve seen some weird crap, this ones new though.” Humming, he looked at it for another second before straightening up. She followed closely behind but not before covering the body up once more.
“Everyone knew Dean. Just like all of us know how you feel.”
“Including what you did for me.” Snapping his gaze upwards, he stared at Deans smiling face. “Thank you, Castiel Jimmy Novak for taking care of me, even before this.”
“Of course if matters! I left you there-“
A pause then, “what?” Gabriel wandered away only to come to a stop next to Sam and leaned against him.
“Dean,” Bobby set his notes aside and leaned forwards while rubbing at the bridge of his nose. “We’ve been over this before. Your brother died in a house fire when you were four. This brother that you keep imagining isn’t real, nor is hunting vampires or werwolves or whatever a rugaru is.” Pausing his everything, Dean stared at the other man with a half smile half frown.
“No, no I’ve never seen him before, I thought he was new.” Him and Sam looked at one another from across the table.
“None if that matters now.” He scrounged up his nose.
“Hey, what happened.” He asked the most official looking one. She eyed him up and down with a raised brow.
At the same time, both Dean and Sam fell unconscious and left nothing behind in Sam’s case while Dean just glowed an unnatural yellow before it dissipated and fizzled into nothing. Cas stared around the room and found nothing out of place. No randomly appearing men, no lumbering man-puppy, all that was left was the sleepy guy on his couch. Just in case he checked the others pulse but it was regular, not overly excessive nor under doing it. Everything sat still around him, completely back to their normal states.
“The hard way is this.” Sam said, flicking out a small blade the length of Dean’s pinky, maybe even less.
“Dude, did you hear me?” He tried again, expression not changing. Still, Dean kept staring down at his screen, eyes barley skimming the contents of the page until they found what had caught his eye in the first place. A hand waving around in front of his face brought him back into reality as Sam shook his head at him.
“Why would he do that?” Dean shrugged around the others arms.
“You son of a bitch.” Gabriel shrugged but didn’t comment.
“Exactly. Last year there were three, the year before that as well in fact, every year three patients go missing. It’s dated back to since this place opened, maybe even before.”
“So, uh, why was I in here again?” Cas glanced back at him but said nothing on the account that Dean should already know the answer to it.
“The moon on the breast of the new-fallen snow, gave a lustre of midday to objects below. When what to my wondering eyes did appear, but a miniature sleigh and eight tiny reindeer,” Sam mouthed along with the words fondly while Eileen chuckled at his clumsy signing, happily wrapping her arms around his neck.
“He, uh, he wanted my help to put everyone’s heavens into a combined space so everyone could still visit one another while living on their own. Bobby helps a bit with the planning but it was mostly Jack’s plan.”
“The children were nestled all snug in their beds while visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads.
“I don’t know, you-you’ve gone on and on for years about these-these supernatural creatures like when you claimed Marilyn was a rug-ran-ue-“
“And even after they were stabbed they just kept going like it was nothing so I’m guessing some kind of demons.”
“Why can’t villain hideouts ever be in nice places, like a mansion or a hotel,” he grumbled while looking up at the old rotting barn in front of them. Next to him Sam raised his eye brow and looked at him.
“Bobby,” he tried, being shut down immediately with the wave of the others hand as the door behind him opened and a pair of burly men walked in. They walked him to another location where he was sat on a table covered in paper and told to wait. Piercing his lips, he kicked his legs out for a solid ten seconds before getting bored and hopping down. He was in the middle of inspecting a stethoscope when another voice made itself known.
“Of course, you could always get the spoons instead. Sam?” His brother had only taken one step forwards before the guy was whimpering and blurting out everything they needed to know.
“What are talking about,” he practically yelled as he backed off of the keys, grinning. “I smell amazing!” Despite saying that, he took a quick shower if only to remove the smell of crazy from his skin and borrowed Sam’s clothes along with a razor he found below the sink and came out at least looking presentable.
“My apartment building, I figured it would be the best place for my Dean to come to as well as having someone around to make sure he’s...” Cas trailed off, shaking his head and searching for the right words.
“Go!”
“Guess not. We should probably get Sam some help.” He begrudgingly leaned back and crouched down to try and haul his brother up when a hand landed on his arm, successfully stopping him. Shooting a raised brow at the other, Cas leaned around him to put two fingers to Sam’s forehead.
“So, how’re you doing so far? Usually we have to go over what happened this time so let’s start there. Do you remember what we had to lock you up for.”
In that instance, everything Cas had been holding at bay leapt front and center and with Dean sitting there smiling at him, sunlight from the window behind him streaming in, everything fell into place. He’s falling in love with this man, not just the random guy that acted like him, but the guy who tried to save people even when high off his rocker. What the hell.
“I heard you refused to participate in the group therapy.” Shrugging, he frowned.
“No.”
“Not since he faked his death the... fourth time I think.” Sam nodded behind him but made no move to shove the trickster off of him.
“Agent Pisooriting.” He flashed her his badge and her stance relaxed a bit. Waving her arm she nodded and moved towards a covered body with him trailing behind her.
“Yeah, it’s me buddy.” Dropping the gun into the nearest surface the two crossed the room towards one another and crashed into the others body. Arms coming up on habit, he patted Cas’s back as though this hug didn’t mean everything to him the same as the other. Neither moved for a solid minute and even when they did it was only so they could look into the others face.
“You think it’s him.”
“Come on man, we need this, I need this. Ever since Chuck got out of office I’ve been dying of boredom. Come on, even if this doesn’t turn into anything it’s something to do. Besides, I think Miracle wants to get out.” As one they both turned to look at the dog sitting on the chair next to Dean.
“Cas, good to see you’re okay.”
He couldn’t hear anything around him, no crickets, no weird bodily noises, nothing, his limbs were numb to him and all he could feel was the others mouth on his own. At least, until he pulled back.
“I think it’s time for us to be going, Jenny said she’d call dibs so there’s a chance there’s more where those guys came from.” They both nodded and the trio trooped out towards the impala. Miracle, upon spotting him, got up and began barking happily while wagging his tail. Cas tilted his head at the dog and shot a look to Dean.
“Alright,” he began, stepping forwards to stand in the middle of the room. “Where are you, you winged dick!” He yelled into the empty room, sending Cas into a panic. Stepping forwards he went to try and shush Dean when Sam set his hand on Cas’s shoulder, effectively stopping him. “Come on! Are we really playing this game!”
“Times change.” He said, jerking his arm out of the others grasp before moving away and walking down the hall back to the room he’d stayed in the last night. The rest of the day passed almost like the first with one exception, group therapy. Dean was invited to it but the invite was phrased in a certain way, one that made it more of a threat if he didn’t go. So there he was, sitting in a circle with six others while Cas sat across from him.
“And I’m trying to, I-I really am, but-“
“Hey Dean, you ready to go and meet up with dr. Singer today?” Charlie’s bright smile did nothing to ease the sense of dread sitting in his gut as he stood up. Nodding once to her he followed noiselessly out of the room and down the hall. They stopped outside a door with a plaque Dean should have read but bypassed in exchange for staring directly at Charlie, probably for an uncomfortable amount of time.
Only then did it cross his mind that maybe that angel dude was lying about his Dean being alright. As he was beginning to lose hope he would wake up, Dean shot upward with a gasp of air. Cas was on his feet in a second, besides him and placing his hands on the others upper back and on his shoulder, shushing the others panting.
“Nope! We’re both real and in the flesh.”
“I mean if I weren’t so certain Sammy had a concussion and needed help, I would kiss you right now.” As one they both looked down at where his brother still laid on the floor, unconscious and unaware of all happening around him. Glancing over at Cas, he caught he other looking at him other confusion.
“Jenny.” She grinned at seeing him recognize her. “Well damn you look-well I wouldn’t say good, but you certainly look alive.” Her grin turned more bitter after that.
“Yeah, it’s m-” he didn’t get to finish as a second later Dean crashed into him and hugged him to his chest. Cas didn’t react at all besides the initial grunt from Dean crashing into him but he didn’t care. The other just being there was enough. Pulling back a second later, he laughed and patted Cas’s cheek to check if he was actually there. He was.
“So I’ve been told.” Cas shook his head and paused long enough to look at Dean.
“Almost everything. Whatever trapped me in here at least gave me the mercy of seeing everything other me saw.” Cas stared down at his lap, feeling the others gaze on him and choosing not to comment on it.
“And did I believe it before?”
“Seriously.”
“So get this, this place? It’s had a patient go missing already.” Furrowing his brows, Dean looked over the several sheets of paper without looking up.
“Hey so the coronary says the guys were weird as they seemed to have been stabbed days before anything happened.”
“Yes,” whirling around, Dean stared wide eyed at Gabriel who sat on a chair a few feet away. “Yes I am.” Growling, Dean would have charged him if Sam didn’t block him from moving as well.
“I woke up here in the middle of nowhere and couldn’t find you, so I started researching about anything related to you to see what I could find and saw some newspaper article about dad dying in a car wreck which lead me to looking for you where I found that other you apparently tried to kill a guy he claimed was a vamp and ended up here. I figured I could get in with a bit of well placed lying and proper paper trails. If anyone asks, I’m your cousin.” Laughing, he clapped the others shoulder and shook him a bit.
“Well Sammy here had to be shipped over but you? Why go through the added process of getting your body here when there a perfectly good meat suit ripe for the picking able to have another conscious shoved right up in there!”
“Screw it.” He said before dropping the machete he still held and grabbing the others face with his other hand and pulling his face towards him, not much caring if he got blood on the other unblemished face. He’d had kisses before in his life, unusually meaning nothing and amidst sex. There’s wee a few times he’d kissed a woman and felt it was special in his soul but this was different.
Breathing as deeply as he could through his nose, he wondered if he was switched with other him. Probably not seeing as Sam was also here. He wondered how Sam was doing. There was no chance that he had any money on his person when he got here, on top of that this place might not even accept the same currency. Sighing, he rolled into his side and came to terms with the fact that he’d just have to wait.
“Gross, so do not need to see this.” Breaking apart, Dean turned and glared at his brother who just stood there, grinning at them in a way that suggested he cared far less than he let on.
“I’ve read through dads journal a hundred times, that thing is in there. Supposedly like twenty years ago a group of them showed up, took three kids and killed both parents. Except, it also took their tongues as well.”
“He died when you both got into a car crash several years ago. We’ve been over this.” His voice remained patient but Dean was beyond it. He was done. Standing up, he threw one hand onto his waist while rubbing at his mouth with the other. Pacing the floor, he pretended not to notice the way the older man tensed up at his sudden movement, he also pretended not to feel the stab of pain that sent through him. It was like that stupid other universe all over again, only this time he didn’t remember how he got there.
“but nothing Sam. We just gotta hope he follows through.”
“I’ll tell you about it on the way.” Before getting in, he shot a look to Sam who nodded and went around to the other side but got into the backseat, this time willingly. Cas seemed confused by it but upon Dean calling out to him, got into the front. Ten minutes later he was still recounting the tale with a bit more gusto than there really was with Sam laughing at him in the back, Miracle laying on Cas’s lap and the hand he wasn’t using to steer firmly clasped around the hand of his angel.
“You have a meeting with your doctor now boy and I damn well hope you’ve stopped spouting lies by then.”
“Oh come on stop mopping, it’s bad for Miracle.” He grinned when he received a glare from the other.
Rolling onto his stomach, his arms twitched to go around his pillow, only coming up short. Blinking into awareness, Dean rolled over and leapt onto his feet in one swift movement while tugging at his arms once more. Slowly looking down at himself he stared at the straitjacket around his torso.
“Sam.”
“I’ll see what I can do.” With that he was gone, taking their memories and Dean’s heart along with him. A heavy hand landing on his shoulder brought him back to reality as Sam nodded to him.
“Where’s Gabriel?” Sam looked around as well, seemingly not spotting him either.
“Oh man.”
“This isn’t a hallucination! I’ve seen hallucinations, I’ve lived through them, and this-this is real, Cas. I don’t know why the hell I’m here but I need to get out.”
“Dean, Dean! It’s okay, you’re okay, just calm down.” He didn’t immediately slow his breaths but soon he was just sitting there with a blank look as his breaths came in slowly and evenly.
“A long white blade.”
“Sammy,” he whispered, bringing his arms up to hug him back. Once done, they sat down across from one another. “How did you get here man?” Sam shook his head while shrugging.
“What.”
Oh no.
“So what do you think they are?”
“No, if anything, whoever did this probably did us a favor but I’m not sure if it was a good or bad one.” Glancing over to her, he winced but stuck out his hand.
“Alright, who would like to start.” Deans mouth twitched down as the man next to him shot his hand straight up in the air, almost hitting Dean upside the head. Cas forced a smile on his face and nodded to him.
“What do you want me to say, I’m here. Nothing more, nothing less. Can I go yet?” Thankfully Cas decided to move onto someone else and Dean was blessedly left alone for the rest of the time until they wrapped up their little session and he was free to go. Sam was visiting again so that’s where he made his first stop. His brother had brought an entire brief case of things and spread them out on the floor and table alike along with Dean.
“Then I guess we both are. Cas, I’m sorry man. I’m so sorry I didn’t get to tell you or try to get you out of the empty or-“
“Dude, you’re not going to eat all of that.”
“Uh, Cas?” Dean knew his brother had stopped based on the sudden decrease in surrounding footsteps. Putting on his best poker face he turned to look at his brother.
“Woah! It hasn’t been that long, Sammy.”
“Hmm. Who was that?” She gestured to where Sam had exited and Dean took a moment to recall what story Sam had used. Grinning, he tilted his head and jerked a hand at the door.
“Of course I have heard of it Dean, I just haven’t had it read to me.”
“So, you here to go all Frankenstein on my ass or something?” Cas’s face melted away into something less confused and further into exasperation. Closing the door behind him, Cas flipped through a chart Dean was only now noticing. Gesturing back to the table Dean had recently vacated, he took a seat himself a few feet away.
“Huh, oh yeah. Thought I told you that?”
“No, I can’t do that, I’m already intruding too much.” Leveling the other with a flat stare, Cas watched as Deans arguments fizzled out into a quiet ‘thank you.’
“There you go. Now, if you really wanted to make it believable, maybe add in a bit about the patients being drained of blood or-or have a wound just below and behind their ear.” Patting his knee, he stood up and began walking away, shaking his head back and forth the entire way. Out in the hallway, two orderlies pretended to talk with one another while casting not so secretive glances at one another. Sighing he rolled his eyes and continued on with the names of those who he can possibly trust bouncing around in his head. No way he would find them on his own, not when he didn’t know the lay of the land. He’d need a map or-
“And what do you mean by you’ve lived through hallucinations.” He was halfway to forming the words when he took in the others not-real enough to be genuine concern, the overly open expression he wore and the hands hovering above the pen and paper, desperately attempting to hold himself back from writing this all down. Laughing, Dean shook his head and stood from the table.
“Do you know anything.” Shrugging, Dean continued to eat until the bell above the door chimed once more. Neither brother paid it any attention, instead focusing on arguing with one another. It was only when a chair was dragged over from a nearby table to the open space at the head of the table that either of them stopped arguing and looked away from each other. Cas sat there with a cup of tea cradled in his hands, glancing back and forth between the two brothers. Sitting up, Dean scooted the empty plate away and gave a small smile at the other.
“I just called dibs.” She hissed at him, showcasing her fangs before her head went rolling. Not looking at his brother, he ducked down and away from his captives in time to miss one of their heads going flying. He grabbed his own weapon and managed to swing up and around and caught the others neck.
“Where are the kids.”
“Gabriel?” Turning slowly, Dean looked at the cashier to find the one and only angel turned trickster gesturing for Sam to continue. Laughing, Dean walked forwards and smacked Sam’s upper back, hoping it would help snap him out if it.
“I’m sorry.”
“I haven’t gone by Castiel in years, in fact, you’ve been calling me Jim or Jimmy for years now so how did you know my birth name was Castiel.” Sighing, Dean rubbed at his face with one hand while he set the other onto his hip. How should he say this in the nicest way possible.
“I have known you for years and I know you are a good man. When you get out go to a cafe called the Bee’s Knee’s, I’ll meet you there later. Now get out of here.” Shaking his head, Dean didn’t move an inch.
“It’s just, I’ve been thinking about Cas, man.” Smile somehow managing to stay on his face, Dean felt absolutely no need to finish the other three pieces he got anymore.
“Cas? Like Castiel Cas? He’s here?”
“What the...” mouth falling open Dean looked up and around the room, coming to a stop on the outline of a door that opened as soon as he stopped to look at it. A man walked in with his head bent over a clipboard. He wore a long white coat over a white button up and black slacks creating a look that picked at his memory, floating somewhere between recognition and total unknown.
“So, hows life so far?”
“I did.” He flung his hand out towards her in a ‘See’ gesture.
“The last dosage of pills did not work for you, but they’re hoping that if they up the intake a bit more you might be able to heal but...” Remaining quiet, Dean stared down at fake-Castiel while leaned forwards with one arm resting on his leg and a smirk on his face.
“Look, Dean, I have known you for years, and don’t say that I don’t know you because you’re ‘different.’” He interrupted with the raise of his hand when Dean tried to speak.
“-Whatever. My point is, wh-what do they look like?” Leaning forwards, Dean smiled as reassuringly as he could manage at her.
And Cas in his 'kerchief, and I in my cap, had just settled our brains for a long winter's nap,” his leg received a smack before Cas settled his hand on it with more gentleness than before.
“Wait. Actually, There was a huge electrical storm on the night you came here and this weird sort of high pitch screech thing.” Leaning forwards, Dean glanced from Cas to where Gabriel was supposed to be standing and back.
“The dick sent us to another reality to, I don’t know, un-screw up someone else’s life?” Cas hummed and looked away, thoughtful look on his face.
Finding one should not have been as easy as it was. This was a very serious place with nothing but the impossibilities and supernatural crowding the shelves. Instead he found the book with such ease he started to speculate if they were just saying this to mess with him on the front on a shelf about Santa Claus myths, cause every bunker needed one of those.
“It means that you guys are wrong to keep other-me here. Yeah this guys got a few screws loose in the head but that’s because he’s still naive about it all. Look, I am not this worlds Dean, of that I’m pretty damn sure.” Cas stared at him, brows furrowed and frown apparent on his face, so much like his Cas yet still completely different.
Instead of knocking, he burst into the room and prayed Cas wasn’t doing anything Dean didn’t want to see, even if he wasn’t technically Dean’s boyfriend. Instead, he was hunched over several pieces of paper with glasses sliding further down his face by the second. At Dean’s abrupt entrance he jerked his head up and stared at him. “Dean?”
“No, I don’t ‘run the joint.’” Blinking, he let the smile drop and tilted his head as she stepped closer and took his chin between her fingers.
“Here, I’ll help.” Taken aback, Dean watched with one eyebrow raised as Cas waved him along and began to lead the way away.
“What?”
“No.” Pouting, he threw it back in and ripped the machete out of his brothers outstretched hand.
“Yeah.” Soon after a yawn ripped through his body that he tried to ignore, he really did, but the next thing he knew Sam was throwing a pillow at his head and it was eight o’clock in the morning.
“Wait wait wait,” Cas reached out and caught Deans arm. Unsure where this was going, Dean glanced from the hand gripping his arm to the eyes of the man whom the arm belonged to.
“No I mean crap, I’ve seen this before.” Raising an eye brow, Sam gestured for Dean to get on with it and the two began the walk back to their car.
“Who knows. Alright, I’ll meet you in the town square.”
“Oh come on, I’ve never gotten to use them before.” Sam leveled him with a flat look.
“None of your business that’s where.” So they were alive then. Good. They both hissed through their teeth at him.
“What’s the night before Christmas?” Okay, Jack he understood not getting it but Bobby? Rowena? Not even Eileen?
“Did I die? Am I still in the empty?” Chuckling, he shook his head ever so slightly as to not break the contact.
“Charlie, what’s wrong?”
“Dean?”
He was back in his room in the bunker, wrapped up in his specific choice of fluffy blankets but still in the clothes he’d fallen asleep in. Shoving the blankets off his legs he stood up and felt his knees wobble. Ignoring it he rushed on, locating and grabbing the nearest weapon and rushing the door. Sticking his weapon out first, he followed soon after and pointed it down both ends of the hall. No one came around any corners and though he stayed still, no one jumped out trying to stab him.
“Crap.”
“Wow.” He said, eye brows in his hairline. She seemed to share his sentiments as she did the same with a nod.
“Well, uh, a while ago we ran across this, um, this guy who turned out to be an archangel. We thought Lucifer killed him but...”
“Other me died?”
“Why’d ya call me Bobby?” Tapping his fingers rhythmically against his knee, Dean looked around the room, further familiarizing himself with the place before making a move to stand up, only to stop when Bobby stared him down.
“Yes well, no help from you on that.” He glanced down at Sam and caught his brother twitching his fingers. Gulping, he shoved the cocky grin back onto his face and looked back up at her.
“The one who died?” He could hear the disbelief in the others voice but chose to ignore it. Much like when he ignored when Sam turned to him.
“Me too, sunshine. Me too.”
“No, you don’t understand, you go there, you aren’t getting out. Not alive at least. They take patients they don’t think can ever heal and they just-” he made an explosion with his hand “-vanish.” Without another word he guided Dean out of the room and, upon hearing a pair of footsteps down the hall, promptly turned them both the other way and ran Dean through a series of hallways until they came to a stop in a slightly larger than usual broom closet. A neat window sat at least seven feet up the wall and looked wide enough to fit at least one of them at a time through it.
“You okay there? You seem spacey.” Snapping out of it, Cas shook his head and shot the other a forced smile.
“What, ‘Jimmy’?” Cas didn’t spare a moment, leveling Dean with a flat look.
Pulling out of the lot, he followed the long winding road until a crossroads came up. Guessing by the off in the distance lights to his right, that’s the way Sam probably was. Locating the closest yellow page was one of the more difficult things he’d had to do thus far and the getup he wore didn’t help but when he was done he stood in front of a door with the number twelve on it.
“You’re getting me a new one.”
“Angel?”
Jack was god. Jack. The scrawny kid who barley knew how to pop a gum bubble two months ago had taken over for Chuck, or at least that’s how he’d understood when Sam said it was so.
“You saying I’m broken, doc?”
“Guess we’re doing this the hard way. You see, the easy way would have been you told us and get this,” he held up his still bloodied machete. The other eyed it warily but said nothing.
“You okay?” Eye brows raising, he looked over at Charlie, whom he hadn’t heard come in.
“Wait, Cas. Can-can you bring him back.” He demanded, half a mind to grab the kids shoulders and start shaking him. Jack switched his gaze from the sky to Dean but made no move to drop the dopey smile.
“It’s after five, Bobby. I’d hardly consider this early.” Bobby leveled him with a flat stare along with raised eyebrows.
Dean snapped out of it first and plastered a smile on his face before walking towards Bobby and attempting to pass him. It didn’t seem the other was willing to accept that and shot out his hand to catch Dean’s upper arm.
“Cas?” He muttered, barley above a whisper. Cas sighed and threw the blade onto the ground while nodding and avoiding Deans eyes.
He worked on depositing the body into a grave while Sam tackled the task of tying the vamp up. Five minutes later the guy was groaning into awareness as Sam ripped off the mask.
“Cut the crap.”
It blared into his ears and it took half a second for him to recognize the song. Playing was Ramble On, the third song he’d added to Cas’s mix tape. Smile sliding right off his face, his fingers were halfway to hitting onto the next song when he stopped them. He’d never move on if he couldn’t listen to one song. He couldn’t let this ruin one of his favorites. For now he’d have to try and ignore the memories creeping into his head and pretend he couldn’t feel anything as he’d done for years before this.
“Holy crap he actually told you?”
“Well, we didn’t, a homeless man did though.” She lifted the sheet to reveal a man with burnt out eyes and a stab wound. Eyebrows twitching downwards, Dean crouched down to look closer. There was something yellow on the guys fingers. Swallowing bile he reached out and raised it to his face, he still couldn’t see it very well so he did the next thing to come to kind and sniffed it. Sulfur.
“Nah, I’m not gonna say shit, you want to know why? Because you aren’t my Cas, now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to try and get out of h-“
“So, when is he supposed to be here.” Stabbing a piece of pie onto his fork, Dean shrugged and shoved it into his mouth.
“Bobby?”
“What is that supposed to mean.” Thankfully Sam didn’t seem to have the same problem he did.
“Because... you didn’t choose this. Besides, there’s something about how you woke up this time, you’re.. different.”
“Good job, Sammy! Now onto more pressing matters,” he leaned forwards, dropping the smile to stare Sam dead in the eye. “Bobby is a physiatrist here.” They held it together for a total of ten seconds before bursting out into joyous laughter with one another. Later when they parted it was on the terms that Sam would be back and that they probably couldn’t just break Dean out without knowing the lay of the land. Which left Dean to wander about in a half awake, half asleep haze with eyes starting to blur over. He didn’t know which direction his room was in or whether he was in the right area, but at this point as long as he could find a quiet stable surface to pass out on he didn’t care.
“Sam.”
“Think I’ll take the small one thanks.”
“Because the little guy deserves to live his life to the fullest and he can only do that-“ he slapped the back of the seat “-up front.” Sam scoffed but went back to his moping. Smiling smugly, he reached over and turned up the radio.
“You know what, I really don’t have time to deal with this. Where’s my brother?”
“But apparently the guy literally cannot stay dead.” Though he couldn’t see it, Sam nodded behind Deans back before moving to look over the space himself.
“I’m just going to stop you there and ask just how many times have you told me this spiel?” Her terrified features crumpled slightly, just enough to be noticeable.
“What are you doing all the way over here.” Laughing, he rubbed at the back of his neck and gestured around them.
So stuck in his head, Cas missed the fond look the other sent his way as soon as his back was turned, but that was okay. It wasn’t meant to be seen yet anyway.
Castiel had saw it all. He immediately left the bartender and walked over Dean the moment he saw him standing.
"Uhm... the book says that when this happens... it's probably not a witch... She said she'd give you a gift, yes?"
"Don't worry about it..." Tommy assured him. "I just want you here as a guest. To celebrate together. Right?" Tommy slapped him on the shoulder friendly.
"Son of a bitch..." Dean groans. "So that means you can hear and see anything and everything that's on my mind?"
Rowena rolled her eyes. "Give us a break, Giant. Here's the spell... As for you..." Rowena turned her attention to Dean. "Jack told me about your angel."
Dean was always annoyed by how Castiel was acting around him. Like he saved him from a fate worse than death. And it was worse, actually. Dean felt a warmth inside his chest, as his body was coming closer to Cas' on the Impala's seat. His face was leaning closer to Cas, his green eyes locked on the brown ones.
Dean gulped and entered the Garrison slowly, eyes wide, lips parted. "Cas... what're you doing in here?"
Cas smiles. “No, I’ll quit. If I have you… I can help in the house property and the estates.” He stroked Dean’s face. “I love you so much, Dean. But we’ve no time”.
I didn't realize my fist was in his nose, but I felt as much fucking satisfaction as I never felt in my life. My brother was a fucking bastard and he deserved to go to jail. How could he be so heartless, so soulless? I realized that all he wanted was to "save" Castiel, so that he could never get away from him. Sam wasn't himself... Something else was going on...
"I decided something" he announced and rubbed his almost big stomach. Cas noticed the gesture and his eyes trailed on Dean's face. He walked over him and sat there, silent, waiting for him to go on.
Castiel had took his position behind Dean, holding his belly and hands. "It's gonna be okay, Dean. I promise" he whispered into his ear. "I won't let you get hurt"
Dean took in a breath and slowly approached Cas. "That's the angel I know and love... always choosing the stupid choice... did it ever occured to you what might happen next? How we might feel? Sam and Jack? Me?"
The next few days, Finn and Sam were following Dmitri everywhere; from work to grocery shopping to a mysterious house he was going… Sam knew this house, it was his own house! One day, Sam followed him on his own and found out Dmitri was visiting the police station. That was suspicious… At the end of the week, they visited Tommy to tell him everything they found out about Dmitri.
Cas nodded slowly. "I think he… I think he's pregnant and I don't know how is this even possible…" Cas shrugged looking at Sam, who was ready to burst in laughter in any minute. "I mean… he's a man but if he was an angel it wouldn't be a problem for mating… I didn't touched him Sam I swear—" He was abruptly cut off by Sam's hysterical laughter. His eyes were almost teary. When he saw the angel wasn't joking, he stopped and wiped away the tears. "You're not joking, right?" Cas shook his head. "As I said to him, it's an ancient spell about angel mating. When he was cursed, the night the spell begun he saw a… a sexual themed dream about me" Cas turned red looking away from Sam. The hunter coughed awkwardly but nodded. "He has to…have sexual intercourse with me to deliver unless he wants to have a pair of twins inside of him for the rest of his life"
A comment would be perfect right now and feel free to write your ideas to help me!
"Fine. I'll go" Dean offered and got a hard glance from his boyfriend. "No way. You stay here. I'll go and if I need you... I'll call you."
"I'm sorry, Dean.. I'm so sorry..."
Sam nodded. “Yes, Mr Shelby. During hours only my brother was there.”
The woman seemed to be annoyed and tried to pull him back at the bed. "Nick, you need to lay down! Doctor said a stroke isn't a funny thing at your age!"
The deliver wasn't that nasty as all thought. Besides, they all handled a bit of a blood. Gabriel opens a hole on Dean's belly, where the babies could come out. After a while, high pitched cries were heard. The first baby was held, clean and warm in Sam's hands, in a pink blanket. Sam smiled down at his niece. "Hey, sweetie. You're so beautiful."
were trying to track him down, with no hit. After what Anna had said about "him coming back", Dean was concerned. Was his brother had turned into a demon eventually? What if he had to kill him?
Cas shakes his head, smiling softly as well. "Just you. Nothing else..." he leans up and kisses Dean deeply. Dean bottoms down and moans as he feels his dick getting squeezed between Cas' walls. "Fuck.. so tight... so good..."
"What was about?" The angel asked urgently.
Castiel was hoping Dean would come again. The week that followed, he was waiting for the lawyer to come, but he never came. He later learned from a girl that had sex with Arthur Shelby that Dean was on a mission in America. He wouldn't be back until next month.
, Cassandra told her,
The angel gasped and fell forward, panting. "Dean..."
The girl’s eyes widened in shock. “Castiel?” she asked. “Castiel is that you?” The Russian accent was evident in her speech. She screamed and jumped on him, totally unladylike. Castiel chuckled and held her into his arms, crying. Natalia was crying too. “Oh my God, He heard our prayers! You came back to us!” she was now babbling in Russian so quickly, Cas wouldn’t be able to understand a word. He pulled her off his arms a little while, smiling at Dean. Natalia eyed the other man suspiciously.
Cas tilts his head, confused. "Why?"
“I won’t” he shrugs. “I don’t care about kids, I just want to be with him. You can’t even imagine what we’ve been through”.
"Dean I think I'm close..." Castiel gasped and kissed him deeply as the hunter moved inside him harder. And faster. Eventually he came deep inside him.
Cas hums. "He was polite. Blushing a little, but polite."
Sam smiled sardonically. I had never seen this expression on his face before.
Jesus Christ. My brother was dating a guy at my age!
I watched him as he confessed to the policeman all that had happened that night: how he had come into my room, crying, telling me that Sam, in a burst of anger, had beaten and raped him. I couldn't believe my ears. I stared at Castiel then back at the wall, unable to believe what I heard.
Dean smiled as the angel wrapped his arms around him. He placed his head on Cas' chest, hearing his steady heartbeat. Then he frowned and looked up at him. "Won't we… I mean… Won't you make love to me?"
Sam smirked. "Here, my dear, is your death spot. Out" She gulped and got outside the car, Dean and Castiel already there, holding their weapons raised; both of them holding a white oak stake. Sonia frowned. "So that wasn't planned at all" she mocked and suddenly she grew taller, getting her real form.
Dean nodded too, agreeing to the arrangement. "Okay. I'll do it. Help you find your vessel and all. Only promise Sammy will be okay."
One day, Professor Slughorn showed them a very strange potion. It had a pink hue and had a great smell. Castiel couldn't determine it, but it smelled really good to him. This fact excited his curiosity and he approached closer, to hear better what Professor Slughorn was saying.
Castiel closed his eyes. A tear left his eye as he opened them and saw Anna nowhere to be seen.
Benjamin Lafitte was the kind of guy who wasn't easily impressed; just like his step-brother, Benny was cunning and ambitious, but also judicial. He agreed to meet the couple after midnight at their residence in Camden Town. It was 3 hours with a horse but Dean knew they'd manage. They left after Cas' shift ended around 7pm - Tommy had a new waitress, a beautiful 20 year old girl named Rebekah - so it was easy for them to leave and take their time. They ate at a nice little pub outside the town and had sex under the willows, next to the lake, where they stopped to rest. Dean knew, every time he was pushing himself inside Castiel, moaning his need, that this man was his, forever. He knew he'd be able to do anything and everything for him. Even betray Thomas Shelby.
His eyes, which had dense, long lashes, were staring back at me while he was opening my jeans. I took in a deep breath.
While Dean was on his ride, he felt guilty. Cas was sad, because of him. He had left his angel and his brother alone, unprotected, with a demon. While he was driving his Baby, he remembered last night he and Cas had made love. In this car. On the backseat. Dean could still smell the scent of sex and sweat and…Cas.
Sam chuckled with a great grin spread on his face. "Never in a million deaths!" he shouted at the direction of the voice. "And shut your mouth, I'm trying to think!"
Alfie Solomons looked at the men, from head to toe. He coughed and finished his cigar, dumbing it on the ashtray on the coffee table in front of them. "There they are" he smirked. "'Thought I had to go all over Birmingham and bring your asses here myself!"
"Where in hell are you?"
"Oh, no don't question Dean. He's dead. But he'll come back."
Cas smiled softly and kissed his forehead. "Not tonight Dean. I'll make love to you soon. But not tonight" Dean nodded and kissed his angel on the lips softly. "Good night, angel. I love you too" The angel returned the kiss.
Dean's eyes widened in confusion. He looked at the blue eyes in front of him, trying to figure out what the hell just happened.
After a lot of thought and deep consideration, Cas admitted that Dean needed to get those babies out of him.
After a week of confinement, Dean opened his door and walked out. "I want to find a spell to bring Cas back. Now."he roared and turned over to the library.
The human smirked slyly and leaned into his ear. "You promise you won't go? If you say so, I'll keep going, maybe I put my D into your A." he winks and rolls his hips again, teasingly.
Sam did as his brother asked, sitting on the bed, his mind full in curiosity. Dean took a deep breath, before spit out the words. "What I did… Well I-I…kinda…fucked Cas…"
"I know you're still in there, man" Dean muttered, feeling his heart tearing apart. "I know I failed you. I didn't protect you. I know dad is waiting me to Hell, to kick my ass. But it's okay. I can't do this without you, dude. You're all I have." He whispered, tears falling. Cas swallowed thickly. Watching Dean like this… Felt like hell.
Sam was feeling like he'd explode every time he was walking into the living room and saw Cas and Dean making out and grinding like horny teenagers on the couch. He'd roll his eyes and walk away, to give the couple some space. But they didn't needed the whole fucking bunker, did they? One day Sam thought they might need it when he saw them sucking each other's face on the dinning table. He bursted into the room and acted like a paranoiac parent, locking each one of them in a different room and giving them a speech about privacy.
"Dean, what is she talking about?" Castiel asked, his angel blade raised, ready to defend his human in case the witch came too closer. But Dean didn't answered. He shot the witch before she could even finish her sentence but not before he heard her Spanish chants. Hoped she wasn't putting a curse on them.
Ada's eyes widened as she stared at her brother. "Are you going to kick your own blood out? You're that cold hearted, ain't you?" She turned and left, walking upstairs. She would leave and she'd do it right there and now.
We and Bones ran out and headed to the nearest police station.
Cas pulled back, sighing, looking up at him. He really wanted that much. But he was afraid. What if he didn't satisfied Dean? He didn't knew what to do and he was afraid Dean wouldn't want him anymore.
"Rowena!" Sam, obviously excited, stood up and tackled her in his arms. Rowena pushed him softly away from her. "Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me, Samuel?"
Dean sighs. "Breakfast. Like always." He whispers and nuzzles closer to Castiel's body. "No" he groaned when the angel was about to stand up. "Make Sam or Gabriel to do it. I want you here. I'm sensing something bad will happen."
"Keep staring at me" he whispered. I nodded once. I could clearly see he was almost as hard as I was...
Castiel lifts his gaze and looks at him, frowning. He left the rag on the sink beneath the bar and looked deep into Dean's eyes. "If you were paying attention, you'd know I'm with your side. Your side only. No Shelby, no police, none of these fuckers concern me but you." he mutters. "My father was assasinated, Dean. It's my duty to avenge his murder"
"What the fuck are you saying? Berkeley? California? You're not going!"
They still had to find a way to bring the world back to normal. And their friends. They missed Charlie, Bobby, Claire, Alex, Jody and Donna.
"Dean. We should head back to the bunker..."
Castiel had the feeling that somebody was watching him or following him. For the past few weeks, whenever he was out or going to Dean’s place, he had the impression that he was being followed. That night, he visited Dean; they had an appointment. When Dean opened the door, smiling widely, Castiel jumped on him and pushed him inside the house. He kissed him deeply, whining; his kisses were needy and demanding. Dean chuckled a little and sat him on the kitchen table, pulling back; he took in a breath. “Hello to you too, mister” he smirked. “Before you interrupt me so rudely, I was going to tell you I cooked.”
"Ooh, you're into dirty talk now hm? Sexy." Azrael winked at Dean and closed her eyes. She chanted some strange words and moved her hands a little. Something exploded in front of them but nothing happened. Dean looked around, utterly and completely confused. "Oh welp. Nothing happened."
Cas giggles and grabs at his hair once more. "Kiss." he commands.
Cas and Sam exchange a glance, both of them shivering. "Yeah, that's what I thought" Sam nodded, earning a soft smile from Cas. "Since you killed the witch though, the curse should have died with her."
"Tommy is paying all the cops" Alfie exclaims. "There's no need to even bother him about this... who's your informant?"
Ruby's face hardened, but she didn't moved. Dean's eyes left her face to watch for Sam's.
Cas walked into the Garrison in his normal clothes, sighing; he had just quit the stripper life. He'd miss the hot glances on his body, the dance, the other dancers... He took in a breath as he unlocked the bar's door and turned on the lights. He started cleaning up and setting up the place. Suddenly, he heard the door bell ringing. "We're not opened yet -  Dean?" Cas blushed and swallowed.
"I'm Castiel, by the way. I'm... Sam's fiance." I stared back at him, eyes wide. What the heck? Sammy was... I was sure he liked women. I was 100% sure Sammy fancied tits. How the fuck was that even possible?
Dean chuckled and kissed him, rolling them over so he was on top. "Only if you can escape the attack, angel" he whispers, kissing down his neck. Castiel moaned. "Dean..."
Cas hesitated. What if he made the move and Dean pushed him away?
Dean froze, cheeks burning crimson. "Why are you—"
Castiel let out a breath he didn't knew he was holding and walked into a stall. Where was Dean anyway?
Dean leans and gives him a cheek kiss. Cas promised they'd be together whenever the case was solved. Little they knew the case was far from solved...
"Mom I'm going! Actually I'm leaving right the fuck now! That's not what I want! I don't want to spend my life in misery for some ghost from the past! He's gone mom! He's gone and nothing is going to change that! Not killing the monster that killed dad! That won't bring him back! What's the point of all this actually? Kill every motherfucker in America? And then what? We move to Europe? That's not for me, I'll pass!"
Dean nodded and took in a breath when Thomas sat beside him on the couch.
One morning, Dean caught him in the kitchen, hovering over the table like a Jedi, with his eyes closed.
"Whoa Sammy, calm your tits, we've all the time in the world to discuss our issues - that's a nice couch" Dee commented, as she was laid on the black leather couch in the living room. "You know, my back hurts from all this sleeping in the Impala lately... and this couch is so comfy..."
"Wise decision, Sam Winchester" he calmly said. "God is by your side."
"What the fuck are those?" Sam wondered loudly as he stood up and scratched his head sleepily. He took his phone with him on his way to the motel room's little kitchen, typing his brother's number and making the call.
Dean laughed; it wasn't that terrible but it was close to. He shook his head which caused the other man to crack a smile.
Dean had a lopsided smile plastered on his face. "I know..." he held the angel close, stroking his hair. "You're so pretty when you're that fucked out..."
"How?" he asked.
"Well… Dean has a…problem since then" The angel bit his lip. Sam chuckled. "Yeah, I noticed. Maybe the witch cursed my brother to gain weight, finally!" He walked over Castiel and patted softly his shoulder. "Don't worry, Cas, I'm sure Dean will get his abs again if he exercises enough into the gym room…and your room." He winked playfully at the angel. Cas frowned. "I don't understand what you mean, Sam".
Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head as he tied his shoes. "I told you, Sammy, prostitutes don't interest me."
I was going home. To my little Sammy. My brother used to write letters to me; about his job as an architect, about Bones, his dog, his every day life. I knew everything he did about two years ago. Suddenly, while I was three years into the Army, his letters stopped. I was worried, afraid something might happen to him... hopefully my commander informed us all that my brother was just fine... there was just a delay on the post office. I read those three new letters relieved, smiling.
Dean shook his head, squinting. “Uh no – it’s probably Tommy. He was told that there’s a traitor in the family and – “
After a while driving in silence, Dean decided to interrupt.
"I'd never ever have sex with you into your car. Even if I really want to. I just..."
Dean noticed Sam was bubbling uncontrollably one name; Dmitri. It wasn't ringing any bells until Castiel's flushed face rushed into his mind. That day, at the Garrison, when Thomas asked him... he called him Dmitri... Cas said he'd explain...
"Where's Cas?" Dean asked as he headed to the counter to pour some orange juice, as the coffee was forbidden for him, and to grab a piece of cake.
Sam laughed and returned to his armchair. "You think I'm that fool? You know, you can hide from Dean as much as you want, but not from me. I can see your worry in your eyes when he's in danger or the lust when he goes out of the bathroom with just a towel around his hips. Or the love and the genuine smile on your face when he's making you a burger, he knows how much you like it."
The clatter of the plate into the sink disturbed her; she watched as her sister turned slowly and glanced over her, frozen. The first one who talked though was Joannah.
Breakfast with them was so fuckin' awkward. I had to watch them kissing, hugging and feeding each other pancakes and I couldn't be able to stop being jealous of this. Why? He was just a random man I'd be able to find in any regular bar. Why I wanted him so bad then?
"Stop" Cas leaned closer and their lips collided. He held Dean's face and pulled him closer; the kiss was bruising, hot, meaningful. Then it abruptly stopped. "I'm sorry..." Castiel whispered. Dean was blushing, his face was hot. "Don't... shall we search for the witch or what?"
"Dean" he muttered. "I'm with him. I love him. I cannot deny having sex to him. He might get the wrong ideas..." He leaned closer into my personal space and held my face between his own hands.
"We should go back." Dean said in a rough voice. "Sammy must be probably worried. He spammed me with calls and messages last night."
"Your brother and that crappy-winged thing. They're a thing. I know it." Sam stood up and looked intensely at the door, where the naked demon was held.
Dean nodded. He wiped his eyes. “I wasn’t thinking my brother, Cas” he whispered. “He got what he deserved but Benny… Benny died in vain. He might not be into any of this and he still died. That’s unfair.”
The woman nodded and hugged him. “It’s okay, son. I’ve you now. You’re safe.”
Sam shrugged, his eyes locked on Castiel. Castiel felt shivers down his body he couldn't explain. Who was he and who gave him the right to make him feel like this? Only Dean was able to make him feel like this...
Dean rolled his eyes. "If he cared about me, he wouldn't leave me unsatisfied and needy-"
Sam looked at Cas' direction, trying to find some comforting words. "Cas…I'm sorry…" But, before he could end his sentence, the angel flied away.
(See the end of the chapter for
She raises an eyebrow at him. "You think I'm that stupid? I know my brothers took you to a burlesque club. And I know what you might did there. And I also know I don't wanna getting married. With you or any other man. I'm in love, Dean. With a woman. And I'm planning on leaving this morning. I'll explain to my family it's not your fault - it's not. It's me... I should have talked them out of this long time ago. But Tommy never listens... now he will listen - he has to."
Dean grinned. "None of yours sons of bitches damn business." he groaned.
"D-Dean?" he said and pointed at the man. They both quickly got out of the car and looked at the man. He was wearing a trenchcoat and a suit, he had blue eyes and black hair and looked completely lost.
"Cas?" Sam squinted his eyes and stood up from the armchair he was sitting, reading some lore for his case. "What's going on? Is Dean okay?" The hunter saw the struggle on Castiel, who was trying to find the right words to express what he wanted to say. He looked up at Sam's face.
Dean looked at her, eyes wide and almost wet. "Ada..." he hugged her and kissed her forehead.
at that point) and lining the head up against Dean’s hole. The pressure of the heated and sensitive surfaces made both men hiss in pleasure.
Out of everyone in the bunker, Jack was most strongly tied to him in the way a son would be to a father, and it amazed him how quickly he’d adjusted to the role of fatherhood; something an angel would never desire much less experience.
Eileen nodded, tapping something on her phone and leaning over to show Sam as Jack turned the volume to the radio slightly, wandering off to somewhere in the bunker having finished eating.
He mouthed, making her laugh behind her hand. He grinned, shaking his head and walking over to her, wrapping an arm around her shoulder as he shut the light off and they walked back to the hallway towards their bedrooms.
back to Cas, before smiling and waving goodnight.
He paused, looking down at Dean.
“You’re
Dean looked down at him, unable to hide his smile. “What do you say?” He asked, kissing Cas’ forehead gently. “Five more minutes?”
he begged without words.
Few times when he’d become human several years earlier did he have the chance to experience arousal, and even fewer times did he find it pleasant. There was one experience with a reaper that had lured him into bed where he’d taken her deeply with desire, but there was no emotion in his former experience with intercourse. It was a miserable time in his life, where he’d been more afraid than anything else. Her bed had been more comfortable than the harsh reality of the streets at night, but his blind trust had landed him bloodied and tied to a chair with a knife pressed against his neck. Truly, sex had come and gone, serving the purpose of release and sanctuary.
“Cas!” Dean exclaimed, pressing his lips together as Cas left Dean’s cock untouched. He’d make him come by his own means. “Cas, I’m close.”
good.
Dean frowned, dropping his discarded flannel pajama bottoms and moving to his drawer to pick out a pair of worn jeans. “You’re right,” he admitted, stepping into them after sliding the drawer shut and stepping into them. Cas’ heart seemed to tighten in his chest as he watched Dean pull them up to his hips and see how the denim framed his body in all the right places. They both seemed to be growing older with the passing years, but time had only been kind to his hunter, who in his opinion had only grown more handsome.
Mornings in the bunker would still be quiet.
future, was something attainable now. A chance of normalcy, or as close as one could have in the lifetime of a hunter and former angel of the Lord, was possible.
“We’re good like this,” Cas said gently, Dean pressed against him and the sensation of grace electric and new, “it’s wonderful.”
“Hey, angel,” Dean replied, his voice heavy with love. He caressed Cas’ cheek with his thumb, rubbing it back and forth for a few moments as they stared at each other, neither faltering in their gaze. It was slow and warm, and so personally
Cas couldn’t help but feel pleased with himself as he moved to his next nipple, taking it within his mouth and using the same, drawn-out technique that roused Dean from sleep.He felt it bud into a similar peak and decided he was content, moving down Dean’s body as he felt the pressure of Dean’s hands push down on his back, trying to press their bodies closer together.
He smiled in understanding as they both walked down the hallway together with subtle smiles on their faces. He stopped in front of the bathroom as Eileen paused, signing that she’d be right back as she made her way further down the hallway towards the kitchen.
Dean nodded his head slightly, his breaths still deep, and Cas positive he was far from being truly awake.
Dean smiled, leaning into the pillows and they were both still in the darkness of the room, hearing the door open outside and a few steps come to their door, a soft rap of someone’s knuckles on the other side.
“Maybe,” Cas chuckled, placing a kiss on his forehead, his lips smooth after being brushed and noticing Dean was shivering slightly underneath him, but it didn’t appear to be from the chill of the room. Cas kept kissing down his face, moving from his temple to his cheek as his hands drifted down Dean’s waist and dipping fingers into the waistband to pull his boxers and pajama pants down slightly. He caressed the swell of Dean’s hipbone while kissing closely around his mouth, Dean starting to squirm slightly underneath him.
Dean shook his head, crawling into Cas’ arms and pressing his back against his chest. “The morning,” he echoed, reciting his promise with anticipation. “You’ll… you’ll still be here in the morning, right?”
“You know as well as I do he’s already dressed,” Cas said, snuggling into the warmth of Dean’s spot, feeling a stubbornness rise at the notion of leaving their room. He was perfectly content to be here with Dean for the rest of the day, no matter how loudly his stomach may have been be protesting.
he signed, Eileen grinning back at him.
what an odd joint movement that humans could make. That you could eat food, a solid, and chew it with the help of digestive enzymes in your mouth that would break it down into somewhat of a ‘mush’ and then you’d swallow it, the muscles of your tongue pushing it down your esophagus-
“Nah,” he smiled, soaping up a sponge and running it under warm water, wiping away the sticky residue. “You and Eileen have fun. Sam and I are gonna organize some things in the basement that have been a wreck since… whenever we last went down there.”
Cas chuckled, unable to hold back while leaning in and pressing his lips to Dean’s, slowly sweeping his tongue across the hunter’s dry lips. He was humming with anticipation as Dean slowly drifted into consciousness and kissed him back, pulling Cas down against him and running his hands over the planes of his back, almost keening as Cas savored the minty taste of his mouth, teasing him in the worst ways with his tongue.
They would get there, but he had to be patient.
that it made Cas dizzy with adoration.
Dean paused, following Cas’ gaze to the indented vee that peeked out slightly from below the waistband and smirked at him. “Come on, I can’t be the only one putting on a show.”
Sam would wake first and take a deep breath, stretching while sitting up, his covers falling to his waist (and he would never say it but most mornings he’d have to tug a comb through his tangled hair until it sat nearly). He would continue by crawling out of bed to start a pot of coffee for himself and his brother, pulling out a seat in the kitchen to scroll through his Twitter feed and catch up with politics and trends that he pretended were no concern of his.
I was listening to Angel of The Morning by Juice Newton while I was writing this (as well as the steven universe instrumental soundtrack but that part isn't important) and I don't know how to imbed hyperlinks so if you want to play it in the background you can find it on Spotify and youtube - it's a really pretty song :)
He tugged it over his head, loving the way it smelled of Dean and fitted around his body before he looked back over at him, snuggling into the warmth of Cas’ spot. He smiled and leaned down, pressed his lips to Dean’s forehead, and felt his heart swell with adoration.
Cas grinned, grabbing another sponge to soap and wipe down the countertops. “Well I promise after Eileen and I get back from the store we’ll spend some time one-on-one before Jody and the girls come over? Will you help me with some of the gardening I have to do on the roof?”
“You mean the dungeon?” Cas asked, pouting as he rubbed his hand around his wrist referencing to a previous conversation he’d interjected in where Sam and Dean had been discussing the shackles and various chains they had stored down there.
“Tahini,” Dean repeated, his voice flat as he rose and walked over to the sink to join Cas, rolling up his sleeves to prepare to wash. “You sure?”
Jack took a deep breath, looking at both Cas and Dean before nodding and crawling out of the tent, wrapping his arms around Cas’s neck suddenly, seeming to catch him off-guard. This only lasted a moment as Cas hugged him back, Dean watching as glimmers of grace dragged from the air and seemed to mold into the outline of wings around both of their backs, Cas’ enveloping Jack in a gentle embrace. “Goodnight, Jack.” Cas smiled at him.
on the griddle as Eileen smiled and signed good morning, seated at the table. Cas signed good morning back to her and she squinted at his shirt, a wave a realization rushing over her.
He asked, shifting on a pillow.
and he wanted to breathe it in as long as he could.
and didn’t pride himself on the fact his abdomen was no longer tight around his muscles. Years of hunting had kept him in shape, but age and well-remembered beers and spirits had caught up with him in some places. Not that Cas could find it in him to care or even be bothered. All of Dean was beautiful, and his stomach was no different.
He continued to push further, cautious of his pace and watching Dean carefully for any sign of discomfort as Dean’s hands snaked around his back and cupped his ass, pushing him further in.
Hesitating, but feeling a pressure lower in his stomach enticed him forward he was dying to ask. He leaned down to Dean’s air, his voice so quiet it seemed he was mouthing the words instead of speaking. “Please…  let me make love to you.”
He smiled to himself, dipping his tongue into the slit and tasting a hint of salt as precome started to bead. He traced the underside of the head, Dean’s hands starting to grasp more firmly at his hair with a slightly sharper pull that he found himself enjoying. The responses he was eliciting from Dean, though quiet, were enough to satiate him for now. He continued to tease and lap at the tip, letting the precome collect and then tasting it off of Dean’s cock one precarious lick at a time.
He sat on his lap and started grinding down on him, the bastards whistling and clapping. The boy with the shaggy hair on the man's left blushed, watching Castiel in awe. Castiel winked at him and leaned into the guy's ear. "So... I gotta wish you happy birthday or what?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam's mouth widely opened in horror. Damn, he forgot Castiel, he forgot what he is; he was an Angel, he could go, hear and see everything in the entire world. Sam wouldn't have seen Castiel around, how did he learnt all these things and when did he met Dean? He didn't spoke for a while when Dean yelled again from the phone.
Jimmy nodded twice and his eyes closed forever. A light came out from the other man's mouth and got inside Jimmy's body. Castiel's spirit shaked the vessel in hunter's arms and opened his eyes after a while.
"Yes Sir" Castiel nodded and took in a breath as he inspected the Shelby from that close. Dean was nowhere to be seen; hopefully they'd meet tomorrow and he'd ask him to keep them a secret. Of course he'd keep his real identity a secret as well.
Finn smiled widely talking to him, while Sam was throwing up a few meters later. Soon Finn had to go and pick up the others. He promised Dmitri he’d walk him home, he just had to keep an eye on Sam.
"But, I'm ready right now, angel…"
Cas hummed and laid him on the bed. "Sleep now. I'll watch over you"
. Hopefully, the place was very crowded so it wouldn't seem off to stand that close to him.
Castiel bit his lip, frowning and held Dean closer. "Gabriel please!" He begged.
Castiel nodded understandably, blinking sweetly, his eyes shining in the dark. He put his hands on the back of Dean's neck and positioned himself on Dean's bulge. When Dean's self got inside Cas, the angel tried to hide a groan. His body was hot, his eyes closed, his head thrown back, screaming things in Enochian. The only word Dean could understand was his name.
Suddenly, the door knocked. It was Ruby, without a doubt. Sam opened, with any emotion on his face. Ruby was smiling happily. She tried to hug and kiss him, but he didn't let her. He walked away, with his back in front of Ruby's face, so she couldn't even touch him. Ruby smirked anxiously.
Sam's eyes widened and the gun was dropped from his hand. He pulled back a few, not believing in his own eyes.
"I heard this Erin girl is quite popular around  here... can I speak with her?"
Dean's eyes turned wide. "You feel… something when I touch you there?" Castiel nodded as Dean touched the spot again, where Castiel's wings were supposed to be. Castiel left out a moan again. It was delightful for Dean to hear.
"Shit..." he murmured softly. "Eileen.. it's you, the real you". Eileen smiled wide and grabbed him by the collar of his shirt, kissing him passionately. Dean and Jack looked on, unable to react.
Both boys and Thomas chuckled; Tommy sighed as he sat down on the couch.
"Shh... shh everything's fine.." I whispered into his ear. Cas was holding onto me tightly.
“Pops said we’ve an important work to do down here” Gabriel interrupted as she looked down her body and squeezed her tits; she always wanted to do that. Castiel looked at her in disgust. “We should find those two dumbasses before they get hurt.”
Dean turned around and slid inside the car, putting the engine on. Before he run away, he threw a terrible glance at her. "Don't get involved, don't do anything, don't mess up with him or…"
"Err.. at the motel?" he hesitated. "Why?"
“Inspector… Mr Winchester?” Dean smiled shyly.
Sam closed his eyes and moaned. When he opened them again, his eyes were almost black with lust. She smiled nastily and leaned to kiss him. He kissed back, pulling back and biting her lip harshly, causing it to bleed. "The answer is still no." She groaned and stabbed him in the heart."That's the last drop of blood you'll ever cause!" she screamed as she stabbed the spot repeatedly. After a while, the stabbed heart stopped beating. Sam was dead.
Dean hums. "Yeah?" Sam looked through the pages until he found the right one. "I knew I've seen this somewhere... It's a goddess, Dean. Aphrodite, the goddess of love and lust. She helps desperate lovers and she's the only one who can break the curse"
He blinked once, his eyes getting blank. "Sammy's gone." He whispered devilishly. "Who are you? I don't know you."
"Dean, oh Dean, it feels so good…" Castiel's eyes were closed, some tears running on his flushed cheeks, his lips separated on a wide smile. Dean couldn't but enjoy the view. Seeing Cas, his Cas, like this felt like heaven.
Aunt Polly tilted her head, frowning. She knew Ada was a rebel since birth, but she wasn't that crazy to defy Tommy. "It's not what I think it is... it has nothing to do with that naked girl on your bed, has it?"
"I've never been more solemn in my whole life."
"Not only kill Lilith!" Sam shouted. "You want me to free Lucifer! You think I'm a dumb?"
"Babe?"
Dean gaped like a friggin' goldfish; The angel had never cursed like that before and Dean thought this was kind of hot. As a kinky bastard Dean Winchester was, he thought he could add a little dirty talk in his sex life, from time to time.
"Whoa, did you hear that?" Sam yelled, standing up. "I could hear what Jack was thinking! So that means that everyone in this room can hear each other's thoughts!"
"I'm your brother. You're brother, Sammy. Your family—"
"So, as you know, Ada left with her... friend a few weeks ago. She's in Paris or something. So that mean's the wedding is cancelled. I'm sorry, Dean"
"Ugh..." Dean groaned as he tugged his dick out and stroked it gently. He kept his eyes open, watching the guy getting his fingers deeper...
Dean stood up and sat next to him. "For you… Amortentia smells like…leather and…gunpowder?" he asked in a curious voice.
When Sam woke up next morning, he couldn't find Dean anywhere. Where would he be? Why he left him there, alone? What if Ruby approached him again, when Dean wasn't around to protect him? He was scared. He didn't wanted to became a monster.
"Just answer the question, Dean"
"So do you, aparently" The Empty snickered; it had Meg's meatsuit. "Hey Clarence. It finally happened, didn't it? Your little demon friend here begged me to let you at least have this before I take you but... it's time. C'mon. And don't bother wear clothes 'cause... nobody's gonna watching. C'mon"
"I know how to recognize a virgin when I see her" Dean cut him off. "Also, I'm yours." He stroked Cas' thigh softly as he said those words. "I'm your true fucking mate, your first one. You had feelings for me before I touch you so… it was meant to be. What is her fucking problem?" Cas closed his eyes, shaking his head. "I don't know!" he flinched. "All I know is that you'll leave this damn thing behind and we'l l find Sam now…"
"Oh" Cas nodded again. "Want me to move into a spare room?"
Ada was having none of it though. She gave him her coldest expression and frowned. "You won't determine my life however you like, Tom. I'm a free woman, I'll choose to marry whoever I want."
"Oh Dean, thank God you're here" Tommy entered the Garrison, with a blonde woman by his side; Grace.
Dean xx"
Dean laughed softly and lifted him up in a crushing hug. "That's my boy."
Dean frowned and held the gun tighter. "You know nothing about me." He aimed for her heart. It always worked when they were shooting to the heart. Dean only hoped Sam and Jack weren't far away...
"Anything you'd like, baby" the girl sat on a table with Dean, showing off her cleavage. Dean looked at Cas, nodding.
“Also… Sir.” Cas bit his lip. “Ada and Finn Shelby have nothing to do with this… The real responsible for this situation is Thomas Shelby, among with Polly Grey. They move the threads, while Arthur and John Shelby do the dirty work, the killings and the beat ups. Finn is just a tool, he’s a kid, he has nothing to do with it. And Ada… she was in France for so long… I’m sure she’s innocent” Cas confirmed.
Castiel threw a serious look on him, sighing. "The truth is I don't understand how could you help" he answered."You only cause troubles to me. I don't understand why I should risk my life for you"
Cas shakes his head. "I'd very much liked it if you were the one doing...it Dean. Nothing would give me bigger pleasure than having you inside me"
"What now, Castiel?" he asked ironically. "When should you go back to be fed?"
He opened the nightstand's drawer and, after a little digging, he pulled out a box of condoms. I smirked slyly. "I'm clean", I assured him.
Dean sighs. “For what happened to you… Seems like… what I did… wasn’t enough for him. How he turned out to be…” he gagged like the word wouldn’t get past his throat. “I’m so sorry Cas. I wish I could take it all back. I wish I was the one who had to endure this. I wish –”
He sat down with a whine and Dean smiled. The dog had a mind all on its own. Dawning his game face, he shut the door and walked over.
“What do you mean you aren’t hunting a Martin?”
“Well, it’s not like I exactly had anyone around to read it to me now did I?” Charlie called out from the corner where she sat comfortably in a chair with her arm around Stevie. Jack, from where he stood next to Patience, Alex, Kaia and Claire, looked between Charlie and Dean. Jody raised her hand next to Bobby.
“This is Miracle. We found him when Chuck wiped everyone out and he was left behind.”
“Still, uh, come in.” Sitting down, Dean looked over the stacks of papers and books scattered around the room impressed.
“Dude, you got something?”
“Dean?” A lone voice called out behind him and he turned to see fake-Castiel stare at him while tilting his head.
“Because even if you’re not my Cas you’re still a Castiel or Jimmy or whatever. Besides, you could lock me up in another straitjacket inside a straitjacket inside a concrete box and I swear I would find a way out.” As if that explained anything, Dean turned to leave before his arm was once more captured in the others hand.
“No, it doesn’t. If it did, we wouldn’t be here now would we?” Smile crawling up his face, he huffed.
“Alright, thank you for your time. Here’s my cell, if you get anything weird please call me.” She nodded, shook his hand and took his card before going back to her job. He looked at the scene for another second before turning back to the car. Just as he’d sat down onto his seat his phone rang in his pocket. Trying to juggle Miracle and not look like an idiot in front of the police he managed to get it out and click answer before it went silent.
“No, my friend, you are very much alive, unless of course I’m dead in which case this would make more sense.”
“You mind.”
“Bobby?” His relief at seeing Dean was short lived as a second later he grabbed Dean’s shoulders and jerked him out of the room. The sudden movement startled Dean enough he dropped the makeshift weapon and stumbled blindly along.
“He spoke not a word, but went straight to his work, and filled all the stockings; then turned with a jerk, and laying his finger aside of his nose, and giving a nod, up the chimney he rose. He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle and away they all flew like the down of a thistle. But I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight— ‘Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good night!’” He finished while closing the book.
“Well, shit, guess imma have to change that. Everyone stay here.” He saw Sam laugh quietly in the corner, not to hard as to not throw Eileen off of him but still. Dean glared at him as he passed. The only reason he’d ever been read it was because Dean read it to him every Christmas until he was thirteen and ‘Too old for stuff like that,’ or so he said to Dean.
“Sammy’s dead? What about my dad?”
“Okay. And?”
“Anyways,” Cas started, interrupted what was sure to be an argument between him and his brother with a glare aimed at both of them. “I’m glad to see you two are both okay.” Breathing in, Dean leaned his head back against his boyfriends shoulder and sighed in contentment.
“A different Cas, this places Cas, now come on.” Walking forwards he went inside with Sam right on his tail. Inside a bell above the door rang and Dean looked around. Cheerful pop music came from the speakers in the ceiling and tables with four chairs decorated the center of the room with booths crowding the outer rim. The yellow and grey accents decorating every available surface gave the room a distinct feeling Dean couldn’t place but found comforting all the same. Glancing around, the two broke off, Sam heading towards the register where no one stood while Dean wandered a few feet away to survey the area.
“Winchester?” Turning slowly, Dean stared into Bobby’s eyes and had to work hard not to pull the older man into a hug.
“Fine. Whatever. Just let us get this me out of here and then send us back, understand me?” Gabriel held up his hands and formed a look of innocence. Too bad they already knew better. With the slight flick of his wrist, his fingers flicked and the three of them stood alone in the room, as well as a timer sitting innocently in his place. It showcased fifty nine minutes with some odd seconds and rapidly depleted the longer they waited.
“Regretting your choice of letting me out yet?” He shot a smile Cas’s way only to catch the other mid head tilt.
“But what kind of demons try to rob random people?”
“We’ve got two minutes left.” He said, setting the object onto the nearest surface which just happened to be a table.
“Yeah,” he quickly reassured, “yeah, just thinking.”
“I’ll be right here.” He said patting his heart. A second later he raised his hand as a farewell and Dean realized this was really happening, they might not see him again. In a split second, he lurched forwards and held out his hand.
“So,” he started once Dean was up and running. “Since the disappearance thing was a bust, any idea how we got here?”
“Have you learned nothing Sammich? Where’s the drama? The flair of theatrics! The-“
“You happy now princess.”
Waking up wasn’t a nice experience. Turns out, having your soul shoved into another body and then shoved back into yours was not a pleasant experience. Numbly, Dean fumbled around for his pillow, Sam, a weapon, anything really but his fingers met nothing in return. Fighting to get his eyes open, he took notice that the room was not the same dirt-on-everything-dust-where-it-wasn’t, motel room he originally went to sleep in.
“Nothing.” He answered quickly. Too quickly. Quirking his eyebrow, Dean stared at Sam until he finally sighed and threw his fork down onto his plate.
“It’s good to see you man.” Cas nodded his head and hesitantly brought up his hands to pat Sam’s back.
“Heya Sammy.” He glared at Dean before his glare dissipated at seeing Cas. He opened and closed his mouth for a few seconds before finally seeming to settle on something.
“What is Cas short for?”
“Let me.” A second later a goldish glow was emitted and a second after that Sam’s eyes snapped open. He shut up and groaned a second later at the sudden movement probably causing a bit of pain at least.
“I won’t be able to keep going, Sam. You know what he told me before saving me?” Sam shook his head, eyes never leaving Dean’s face. “He told me he loved me and I didn’t get to say anything back before he was gone.”
“Of course I want to look for him Sam. But if we do and we find out we can’t get him back, I won’t be able to-“ he cut himself off, crashing his jaw onto its upper counter part and staring hard at Sam for a second before looking down at the uneaten pies in his lap.
“You know, you really shouldn’t go through other people’s things.” Turning, Dean felt his eyes soften at the sight of the ang-human. The human.
In the back, Sam shot him worried looks in the mirror, even then he didn’t notice. He didn’t notice much of the ride out, he didn’t even notice they were there and parked until Sam sighed and was getting out. Blinking into awareness, he looked down at Miracle for a moment and he looked back up at him.
The second the last ones head went rolling, he let out a victory yell and turned to congratulate his brother. Only, it wasn’t his brother standing there, Sam was still in the ground behind him. No, standing in front of him in the stupid barn was the man he’d been trying so hard not to think about for weeks.
“Maybe I did. Maybe I felt that this time was different or that you were always different, or maybe it was just a healthy dose of luck. Who knows.” Smiling at the other, Dean scoffed and took his arm back.
“Where exactly did the electrical storm happen?” Several arguments, two new uniforms and an awkward car ride later, the three of them were back at the mental institute walking along the halls. Both Sam and Cas were trying their hardest to keep Dean from being seen which lead to even more awkward conversations but they made it back in and in the group therapy section. Dean looked around the room he was in just a day ago with distain. If he never saw this place again it would be too soon.
“No way!” Grumbling, he scrapped the pie off his face with a fork and ate it. He was lucky it was good. Despite not wanting to, he still offered a piece to his brother who actually took it happily. At least his mood had been increased. Still, he poked and prodded at it for five minutes before Dean finally grew tired if it.
“Jack pulled me out.” Sam looked between Dean and Cas for half a second before laughing breathlessly and pulling the other in for a hug with less force than Dean.
“What’s going on?”
Sometimes he worried about what those men were thinking establishing this place. Pulling it off it’s shelf, he power-walked back into the room and grinned at seeing someone, he was suspecting it to be Bobby, had managed to get half the room drinking hot chocolate while the other half still sported beer.
“Sorry, you just have the same name as a friend of ours!” Gabriel seemed to take the answer seriously and quickly rushed them into ordering. One piece of pie and two coffees later, the brothers sat across from one another in a booth at the back.
“How?” He asked a second later, looking the other over. Not a spot on him, no scratches, bruises, not even a rip in his clothing.
“The Bee’s Knee’s. Apparently its a cafe nearby.”
“What does that mean?”
“Who?”
“You thinking angel?”
“Guess I just have to deal, huh.” Miracle whined but didn’t reply. Sighing, he joined Sam outside the car and soon the two had been checked into a motel and changed into their suits.
“I thought you didn’t believe in this stuff?”
“Fifteen seconds.” A voice that didn’t belong to any of them said. Dean didn’t bother flicking his eyes over to the former Trickster, instead he sat on the couch as fast as he could. Goodness knows what kind of condition this other him would be in when he came back and he wasn’t all that willing to accidentally give other him a concussion.
“Alright Dean, it looks like today is the day we get you out of here and back into a room!” The guy looked up at him and-
“Look, I’ll admit that in my youth I was a bit of an ass about my lessons but I’ve changed-“ Dean scoffed “-I’ve become a better person. Besides, you’ve got to admit, if you hadn’t come along this poor saps life would still be over.” As much as he hated to admit it, Gabriel was right. Didn’t that hurt to say.
“Why are you telling me this?”
“Every time.”
“Actually yes. They strike in threes and they always take those who live just outside of town and who have kids between the ages five and ten.” Nodding, Sam ducked down into the car with Dean on his tail.
“Jerk.” Sam grunted out, smile on his face as he got his coat.
“Well, maybe try showing them you can be attentive enough for it. Anyone else.”
“Okay so, if you want to drop me off I’ll take the police office if you want to take the crime scene.” Dean nodded and picked up his bag. Calling for Miracle, the pair dropped off Sam before setting off and out for the scene. Upon getting there, he found six separate officers already there. Thanking his lucky stars he’d already dressed in a suit as he’d been assuming he’d go with Sam, he got out of the car and told Miracle to stay where he was.
almost smirking down at Dean as he watched him pour lube onto his fingers.
he was awake.
“Then come for me.” He growled.
“They’re waiting,” he told Cas, his tone patient.
“Claire was telling me earlier about how she used to build forts when she was younger,” Jack explained, setting down a pile of pillows in the war room and then moving a side table away to create an empty space. “It sounded like fun.”
Slowly, Cas removed his fingers, trying to cause as little discomfort as he could, but the press of Dean’s lips into a line didn’t pass by him. “Sorry,” he whispered, pressing a sweet kiss to the bolt of Dean’s jaw and pulling the blankets down from his chest slightly. He straddled both of Dean’s legs, lining his slicked cock (which was positively
He trailed his tongue to Dean’s chest and slowly drew his mouth around the nipple of his right pectoral, feeling it put into a peak within his mouth. Dean strained underneath him, being pulled from the grasps of sleep and drawing in a breath.
Cas couldn’t hold back a smile and took his outstretched hand, shutting the door behind him and walking down the hallway, now far more lit than the last time he’d left the room since the sun had risen. The smell of sausage and syrup was wafting throughout the corridor.
“It’s just for fun,”  Jack said, starting to sound exasperated that the men weren’t understanding his want for a simple activity. “And Sam said he would bake us cookies! Like… like
“Hello, Dean,” Cas smiled softly, taking off Dean’s shirt in one smooth motion and letting it fall to the floor, the outline of his body made more defined by the soft glow of the nightlight.
Cas smiled, pressing his head to Dean’s chest as Dean’s arms wrapped around him again. “I promised I’d be here,” he told him. “I intend to keep my word.”
Dean nodded slightly, leaning back in to kiss him in their little secluded paradise. It was frozen and motion, humanity and grace, just
Dean winced slightly, apparently having not considered the future possibility. “Maybe Jack can mojo him there?”
“I know,” Castiel grumbled, opening his eyes and kissing Dean’s thigh, moving up slowly to his hip bone and lingering there for a moment before Dean tilted his chin upwards to look at him. Cas met his eye and felt a pleasant blush creep up his neck. “Hi, Dean.” He murmured.
The nickname made Cas’ heart surge as he pushed past the first ring of muscle, letting out a slight moan as Dean mouthed his name. He was positive Dean was holding back out of fear Elieen and Sam would hear from across the hallway.
Cas smiled, sucking gently on the budded skin, and glanced upward, seeing Dean’s eyes still shut but his mouth drawn into a tight line. It appeared as though he was withholding sounds from escaping his mouth.
“Dean,” Cas breathed, looking down at him and cupping his cheek, moving in to place a deep kiss on his lips, savoring the way Dean’s hands traced up his neck and pulled him closer. “Are you sure?”
This beautiful boy was all his, wasn’t he?
smiling now.
he breathed, as the utter undoing of this Righteous Man set him over the edge.
“I know,” he told him softly, deciding it was too early to have sex with Dean. He wanted to be fully awake to pleasure him with every bit of love and lust he had. “But let me in the morning.”
Dean couldn’t help but smile a little at that, meeting Cas’ eye and seeing there was a rose-tinged blush against the angel’s face as well. The space between them suddenly seemed to fade into something much more intimate - infinitesimal, even. “I mean, I try,” Dean admitted.
He slowly drew down the hem of Dean’s pajama pants, intentionally catching the elastic of his boxers on the hook of his fingers. Dean lifted his hips slightly, allowing Cas to pull them off and discard them from under the covers over the side of the bed, indifferent to where they landed. It didn’t go unnoticed that Dean was also beginning to become aroused, the stiffness of his cock growing to what Cas thought was about half-hardness.
"What am I thinking now?" Sam asked through laughs. Eileen hummed; Sam was thinking of the bunker's  library. He was all alone, reading, probably researching for a case. Then he saw her; Eileen walked inside the library, her belly full and round. She was pregnant; by Sam, of course. Eileen smiled and her eyes were full of tears. She moved her hands in front of her belly in rounds, imitating a pregnancy belly. She then pointed at herself. Sam nodded happily and walked over her, wiping her tears and kissing her. Jack smiled happily. "I wish this becomes a reality, guys. I really do" he grinned and Eileen smiled widely at him.
Castiel felt his heart clenching into his chest. "Oh Dean..." he held the other's face with his palm; Dean immediately leaned into the touch. Well, that was a good sign. "From all this insanity, that's the only thing that was -
Dean hid his face on Cas' neck, groaning. "Guys. We're in the middle of something here?"
"Ugh I hate being sick!" Dean complained the third day of having a sore throat; he had also lost the ability to taste and smell and he had a fever too. Sam was already feeling better; Eileen was back from her hunting trip and was taking care of him. Dean made a face at their public affections. "Can't they be more subtle about it? We've been in love as well but..." Sam heard that and left a loud cough. Castiel, ignoring the situation completely, was approaching with a plate of hot tomato soup for Dean. They had moved into the living room, which was bigger and comfier for all of them.
“That night, after we returned home from Camden Town, I visited Thomas. I can’t remember why…” he lied. “I needed to talk to him, about something… and he knew. He knew everything we told to Alfie… Alfie called him and told him everything.”
Both boys trembled and nodded. “Yes, Mr Shelby”
"No, I want you. I want you to fuck me now" Dean groaned and straddled Cas, kissing him deeply, holding his face.
Dean smirks and nods. "Of course" he pecked his lips once more before he started the engine on and drove to the barn.
"Guys, did you finally made up - oh. Um."
Tommy coughed and rolled his eyes. "Get a room, you two" he joked. "Shall we sit? I need to talk to you, Dean... Dmitri, whiskey. Irish. Three glasses"
Sammy had fallen asleep on his clothes, waiting for Dean to come back. When he opened his eyes, he looked around, searching for his big brother. Dean wasn't anywhere. Sam rolled his eyes as he reached his phone from the nightstand next to him. He had 3 unread messages from Dean.
Sammy, on the other hand, wasn't interested in hunting. She preferred sitting in the backseat of their car and reading Dee's comics or books Joannah had bought her. One day, when she had read every comic and book she had, she started reading the lore books Joannah was keeping in the trunk. By the age of twelve, Sam knew everything about every monster known to hunter, every detail. From the appearance and the weaknesses to how to kill it. She was the brain of the family, so she had to use it at last.
With a snap of his fingers, five men grabbed them both and dragged them out of the room. Castiel shared a glance with Dean as they were dragged into the dungeons of the estate. “What’s going to happen to us?” He asks one of the Blinders. The boy sighed. “Only God himself knows.”
"I love her, Pol. I love her so much and I don't care what everyone in this shitty city might think. Tell Tommy to put it off. It's not happening."
That caused Dean to smirk. "Good. Now... how about we make up for the lost time hm?"
"Dean, there's no time for this." Castiel deeply sighed and smiled widely, as his partner's hands were around his waist, pulling him closer. "You're so human. I always forget how your human hormones are taking control over you."
Soon, a letter arrived for them; it was from the Police Chief in Birmingham. Castiel teared the folder up and read the letter quickly. Dean rested his chin on Cas’ shoulder to read too.
"I don't think we've ever met before, Mr Shelby. I moved in here from Russia a few days ago; My name is Dmitri Krushnic."
Dean looked at him with a raised eyebrow before he checked himself on the mirror. “Jesus… you’re insatiable. Look at my back!”
Castiel clutched his fists and tried to remain calm; it wasn't this girl's fault God made Dean such a gorgeous man.
"Shhh..." I pulled down the last barrier separating him from my massive boner and he leaned closer, taking me inside his sinful mouth. I sighed deeply.
The Chief nodded. “I will consider your words, Inspector.”
Dean grabbed the angel by the napel of his trenchcoat and kissed him harder, their bodies colliding. Fuck; feeling him so close was a dream coming true. He pushed Cas against the map table and sat him on it, opening his legs and getting between them. The angel wrapped them around the hunter's middle, trapping him there. "You know some dirty tricks, don't you?" Dean smirks and leaves a mark under his collarbone. "I can't believe I'm having you... I just can't..." The angel left a broken moan. "Dean... what you do to me..."
But Dean didn't heard the rest of Cas' sayings. His mind was blank. Revenge. That was everything he could think. Demons took his brother and they'd pay for it.
Back home, Dean held onto his angel boyfriend, under the blankets and covers. He kissed his cheek and smiled. "That was quite something, right?" he jokes, sighing deeply. Since they got back to the bunker, they hadn't left their room; Dean wanted to be close to Cas these days. Castiel smiled too and leaned closer. "You don't get a goddess trying to rip your heart off every day... that was indeed something." The angel held the other's face into his arms and their eyes looked each other. "I was so afraid back there... you attempting to do the killing... what if she choked you with her grip? What if something worse happened? I wouldn't bear existing in a world where you don't exist..."
"Dmitri, hello!" John Shelby approached him, clicking his champagne glass with Castiel's. "Crazy party, isn't it?"
Anna crossed her hands on her chest, smirking. "Oh, honestly it is our business. Castiel is an angel and you're nothing more than a hairless ape who finds sex with supernatural beings hot."
A few months later, Dean was heavily showing and Sam with Gabriel were going on cases. Castiel refuged to leave Dean's side, he was laying next to him on bed, massaging his feet and waist, refuging to feed him even the slightest of sweets. "I don't want my hunter to be chubby" he chuckled and kissed him, feeding him his salad. Dean grumpily accepted it, murmuring something about sex and exercise.
“Shut the fuck up!” Sam screamed and slapped his face; Cas felt his mouth full of blood. Then he felt something else… he felt Sam pushing inside him violently and he screamed, on top of his lungs. He tried to push him away while Sam was tearing his insides with his huge manhood; nothing Castiel had ever felt before. It was hideous. He wished Dean was there, he wished somebody could help him…
Cas smiled and kissed his forehead, nodding. "Of course I do, Dean" he whispered. "But we should be careful"
Cas shrugged. "I don't know how the spell works Dean. But you… I'm sure you don't want to have a pair of kids inside your body for the rest of your life."
Castiel smiled awkwardly, urgent to know what exactly happened to him. "What happened to me?" he asked. " Father called me here and then I woke up into another person's body."
When Castiel left the car, Dean was thinking how jerk his brother was. Was he demons's little bitch now? Would he rise the ultimate evil, Lucifer? Something was really wrong with this kid. He took off his phone and called Sam's number. A few seconds later, Sam answered.
"So Dmitri" he started. "Tomorrow I'll throw a party; it's my birthday. You're invited as well. You've been here for a while and I trust you, you're like family now."
"So... you draw?" I breathed out, once.
"He made me fuck with guys for money. I was taking half the money I was earning, of course. I was doing this for a while when I met Sam. Yes, we didn't met the way we told you..." he looked away when I tried to mention about the story they told me. "We decided to hide this secret, even from you. When I met Sam, he didn't made me have sex with him. He gave me money, we talked a lot... we kinda kissed a few times..." He swallowed the limp in his throat, staring at me. Sam was always watching us.
"I must inform you that Sam Winchester, or Jimmy Page, as his street nickname is, was within the pimping circuit that was....employing you, Mr. Novak."the policeman informed us.
"I don't" he answered. "I trust Sam but he has already drank the blood, how is he not-"
The Empty howled. "You won't get away this time, Feathers!"
"Okay, so what's with that Erin girl?"
Dean looked up at him and shook his head. Castiel smirks. "That's what I thought... wanna fuck me, pretty one? Consider it a ...wedding present".
Suddenly his eyes lightened up. "The Garrison!"
Cas let out a sob, and tears ran down his cheeks. Sam burst into a shrill laugh.
I'm not sure if I need to warn you about this but...
Grace snorted as she clinged her glass to her husband; she knew very well that toast wasn't related to her.
Sam rolled his eyes. "Yeah, sure, whatever big guy…"
Dean swallowed hard; this angel was worse than any other demon he had met, but she was their best shot to solve the case. So he looked away from her, trembling. "Sorry sis, you're barking at the wrong tree; I'm not rooting for this team anymore"
Castiel gave him a smile, nodding. "When it's all over, Dean" he promised. "When you'll be able to show me what you're thinking instead of me just watching it... is that alright?"
Castiel hated being that possesive and powerless but Dean got hit on a lot. It wasn't that he didn't trusted Dean... but a few shots and Dean was a goner. He'd never let anything happen to him, especially after they got their heads out of their asses.
Cas wiped some dust off her clothes as she walked around, looking at the scenery. “We can’t be here. It’s against the orders. Father said – “
"So... any new leads on the Shelbys?"
"I-I had... sexual intercourse with the said man..." he blurted out.
With a final thrust, he felt himself getting more and more exhausted, his body wet with body liquids and sweat. He heard Castiel's final orgasm and felt the weight of his sweaty body onto his. He was tired too.
Eileen smiled and gave him a hug. "Thank you Castiel. You're such a good friend" she muttered and grabbed her duffel bag, walking upstairs. "Good night!" she wished. She couldn't wait to slid into the bed, next to her giant. Oh, she missed Sam... he was all she could think about.
Thomas sighed and turned to Dean, patting his shoulder. "I'm sorry about this, Dean. I can't imagine how much you might suffer at the moment".
“I knew I shouldn’t have let you talk me into this.” Castiel knew this was a bad idea; flying down on Earth and get into a human vessel was a terrible idea. Castiel looked down at herself: she was wearing a pair of black ankle boots, a pair of black tight jeans, a business casual blouse and on top of that, a nice warm trenchcoat. Her hair were black and wavy down her waist. As she noticed the moment she took over the body, the human’s eyes were crystal blue. The human, Cassandra Novak, was a young 23-year-old woman, independent, working as a CEO in a big ass company. She was also very faithful, going to church every Sunday and praying. She was pure and a believer. That was a reason as why Castiel chose her.
Castiel opened his eyes and the first thing he saw was an unknown ceiling. Where was he?
Castiel nodded hesitantly as he pulled Dean closer and kissed him. He sat on his lap, stroking the hunter's hair wildly and tasting him hungrily. He smiled on Dean's sweet lips. He had the taste of cherries, beer and… honey? Cas couldn't define it. He only knew he wanted this so much, for so long. Why he had to wait?
He walked into the Shelby manor, like a fuming bull; Tommy and Grace were sitting in the living room along with Polly, Ada and a foreign girl; Dean remembered seeing her the day before his supposed wedding with Ada.
, actually moving, pushing deep inside of him until their balls hit each other's and then pull back again. Castiel digged his nails on Dean's back, scratching up and down out of pure bliss and ecstasy, leaving marks that Dean had to explain to his soon-to-be wife. But Castiel didn't cared now, nor Dean.
"I can't do this anymore... I want you" Dean whispered, staring at Cas. Cas bit his lip, their hands colliding on the soft leather seat.
"Are you gonna interogate me or what? Do you have handcuffs and such?" she bit her lip. Dean chuckled awkwardly and pulled out his notepad.
Castiel frowned and raised his blade. "Azrael? What the fuck are you talking about? I thought you'd help us!" With inhuman power, he had his angel blade in Azrael's neck, wrapping her in a deathly grip. Azrael was struggling to get free of his hold. "I lied Castiel! Because it was easy! You're so pathetic, so gullible, so petty... it was easy to lure you and your pet in here, to her... all she wanted was two hearts that truly loved each other, so we'd make a spell and free her son from Zeus' prison! She promised me Heaven, Castiel! She promised she'd help me rule Heaven! And there you're, destroying everything!"
Castiel kissed him. He held his body in his arms. These were more than he could handle for a day.
Cas nodded and leaned closer.
Then, he unexpectedly vanished back to Earth. The Winchesters had this extraordinary ability to get involved in troubles so easily.
Cas frowns and pulls his hand back, opening the door of the passenger's seat. "Dean, it's not that! You've been with many women back there! You even took Anna in here!" he whines. "Would you like it if I took you in some place where you knew I've been with someone else?"
"No" Cas was begging me, all night, tears running down his face. "Stay. We will be more careful. Please... I need you..."
"I don't like sharing, Dean. You know that. You can go. Castiel stays here. That was the deal. He loved me. He stays with me forever. Or else..." My stomach tightened at that moment.
"I will hunt you down and kill you."
"And serve breakfast to the Great Horny Dad." Dean interrupted her. "Sorry, your plans are cancelled. How about get the hell out of here, before I cut your head off?"
"I don't know what I want... I've never... been with a male before"
"Upstairs. Now" Dean ordered. "Unless you wanna open your present tomorrow morning..."
Dean nodded as he put his clothes in his bag and also grabbed a briefcase which was under the bed. “Those are all my savings… We can go back to your homeland Cas. You can be a cop there… can’t you?”
“Calm down, Cassie. They’re complimenting us” Gabriel smiled as she waved back at some passing by truckers. “They’re just being nice!”
Cas and I lived together now. He sold the house and we rented a nice little apartment in town, close to my mother's. She was devastated after what happened with Sam and I wanted to be close to her.
"Brother!" Benny whines and slaps his arm. "There's nothing in it for you or me. We're happy to help our associate, that's all! Right, brother?" Benny frowned down at his step-brother; Alfie had no choice. Benny was his favorite. "God help me." he stated and stood up from his space on the couch. "I'll inform him, gentlemen, without saying your names. I wish you a good trip back home."
Castiel smiled back. He liked that girl, Anna. When the other Angels wanted Winchesters dead, she wanted them to be safe. Because of the one-night stand with the older brother, no doubt, Castiel thought.
Castiel widened his eyes. Tomorrow morning? No way! He grabbed Dean's hand and tugged him to their room. He pushed him against the wall and kissed him deeply, his hands roaming all over Dean's chest. Dean smirked. "You've been a bad boy, haven't you, angel?"
“Don’t you ever eat?” Dean joked as he grabbed his white boxers and put them on. Castiel couldn’t take his eyes off of him; Dean’s body was a temple of admiration. His sweaty body, his defined abs, his muscled shoulders, his meaty but perky ass. Then, Castiel watched his beautiful face, full of freckles, his pointy nose, his full red lips and finally, his big bright green eyes.  When Dean turned and Cas saw his back, he chuckled; Dean’s back was full of scratches. He even had some hickeys scattered on his shoulders.
"It's over, Pol. We won't do it."
When he returned home, he wondered how Ada might have spent her last night as a "free woman". He gingerly walked into their room and had to cover his mouth with his palm; Ada was naked on their bed, with another woman. She probably heard him, which caused her to wake up.
Castiel was always there, watching over them but he couldn't appear eventually. He was thinking about Dean. Was it worth it to take the risk and have sexual intercourse with his human, just to take the babies out? Don't lie to yourself, a tiny voice in his head said. You're not doing this just for him. You want him yourself. Cas sighed. Of course he wanted Dean. He was lusting and needing and loving him since he met him, since he laid his hands on his soul in Hell, since he rebuilt the human, bone to bone, molecule to molecule. But he was an angel of the Lord, lust was something he wasn't allowed to feel. But he was certain for one thing: Dean couldn't live the rest of his life with a bump and a pair of angel twins inside of him.
The knock on their wooden door was what woke Samantha Winchester that early morning, on 4:34, in her apartment in California. Who the hell might be?
"Not until you accept our terms" Ruby whispered into his ear. She scratched her wrist and offered it to him. "Drink. Become one of us. Become one with me." She muttered as she nipped at his lobe."You can have anything you need. Wealth. Strength. Immortality. All I need is to drink this tiny drop and come with us…"
"Are you okay?" he asked, in a heavy tone. "I didn't saw you at the lunch."
Dean's punch found his face, especially Sam's nose and made it to bleed. "This is for having secrets from your own flesh and blood, you son of a bitch!" Sam couldn't say a word. He remained silent, in the floor of the room, bleeding from his nose.
"Mom I need to talk to you" she tried. Once Joannah swallowed her mouthful, she pushed her plate away; Dee had finished her food as well and gathered the plates, taking them to the sink to wash them.
"No, no, of course not." Dean smiled calmly as he looked up to his lover and cupped his cheek. "It's me. I can't hold myself back, I want you so bad."
"Okay pretty boy, let me take you to her."
"Hello, Dean." The man said. Dean looked curious. Who this man was and how he knew his name? how he could even get in here? The car was moving!
