I'd love to have the sex with you x) Aaahh omg I know, I know, I'm horrible! Sorry for this stupid cliffhanger, duh…
Dean Winchester had always been an idjit. That much Bobby Singer knew with certainty. Ever since John Winchester had introduced his boys to him, Bobby had seen that certain
"Don't be insolent with me," Castiel grinned, but Dean wasn't impressed; on the contrary, he bent over Castiel and slid between his legs, which Castiel opened for him trustfully. Enchanted by his lover's spell, Dean cupped his right porcelain cheek, his thumb stroked over the mere stubble tenderly. He admired the given sight silently, how Castiel looked up into his eyes, a soft expression written all over his features. His blue orbs were practically gleaming with love, and Dean found him unearthly gorgeous; so he leaned down and kissed him over and over again, letting their lips rest on each other for a lengthy moment, only to lunge forward again and claim more of him.
well guys, sorry for the late update :-) I was pretty exhausted, depressed and sleep-deprived lately, so I had to take care of my menthal and phyiscal health more. Kinda doing ok right now, not super but okay :-) Btw, actually each chapter was supposed to be like 5000 - 6000 words, now it's more or less always 8000 words... oops! Hope you like the next chapter!
Dean nodded once more and thanked the doctor for his kindness. When he left, Dean was able to feel the full extent of his devastation. They should have put him in a mental house straight away, there was no way he would endure his stay in a rehab clinic for
Checking out of prison turned out to be more complicated and arduous than he had anticipated. Lots of paperwork had to be dealt with and he had to sign plenty of documents until he was finally released. From the depths of the prison, they retrieved Dean’s clothes and sparse belongings. When he had donned his own clothes, Dean finally felt like himself again, not just like a number in the system. With one last glum look, he contemplated the terrible orange jumpsuit he had worn today. He swore to himself he would never set foot into a place like this again, no matter what it would cost him – he would rather die than spend his days here behind bars. The last days had been like hell, alone with his repetitive thoughts as his sole companion. But now he was looking forward to meeting up with Castiel.
His parents called him during the late, lazy Sunday afternoon via Skype, and he accepted their incoming call reluctantly. The last time they had called they had been in India, and they had wanted to travel to Thailand. Castiel smiled a tiny bit when he saw his parents sitting in front of their laptop, apparently in front of a wooden hut, and there was jungle all around them. He could detect the sweat on his mother's and father's foreheads despite the terrible connection, and they greeted him joyfully. He couldn't really reciprocate their warm welcome, he still felt nauseous and injured, however, he forced himself to listen to their cloud of words mostly attentively – it did him good to hear they were healthy and doing well, and he actually smiled honestly when his mother laughed and told him about their language barriers with the locals. His head was emptied, while he listened to them, and he didn't find the strength within him to tell them anything about himself or what had happened within the last months. His parents seemed to notice his tranquility at some point, and they became silent, and he felt the scrutinizing glances of them both even through the computer program.
He was twisting his bottom lip between his teeth pensively as he strolled through the park he had passed through so many times, deeply lost in thoughts. It was only noontime and the warm spring sun shone yellowish, donating light and pleasant heat to all pedestrians. Indeed, it was a little too hot for a normal spring day, it almost felt as if summer was announcing its entry.
He barely noticed the police cars and ambulances arriving at the scene. He had to find Cas. It was all he could think of, the only reason his tired limbs were still moving. Tears welled in his eyes as despair slowly but surely got to him. He prayed to a God he didn’t believe in, promised him all kinds of things if only he gave him Cas back. Ultimately, he started shouting Cas’ name, hoping he could hear him. It worked – from one of the cabins, he heard a muffled, weak “Dean? Dean!” in return. His feet were basically tripping over, he ran that quickly towards Castiel’s voice, nameless relief overwhelming him.
He gave a wince when his cell phone suddenly rang. With nervous fingers he hectically produced it. Ecstasy bubbled hotly in his veins, made his heart skip a beat when he saw the caller’s name: It was Cas! He picked up the phone, couldn’t believe it.
“Whatever happens, Dean… I love you,” Castiel said quietly now, tenderness and sincerity in each of his words. Dean winced with bittersweet pain, wanting nothing more than to hold Cas in his arms right now and kiss him silly. He smiled tentatively.
"I mean, y-you look splendid tonight", Castiel stuttered, inwardly rolling his eyes at himself – so now he couldn't even pronounce sentences correctly? He had sworn to himself not to let it get to that point in the first place, and he had failed miserably. However, Dean's mellow look and his affectionate smile eased his troubled mind.
Once more, he opened his eyes, thought this was the last thing he would see before he died: Anna standing in front of him, leveling her gun at him, a sense of superiority in her glance. A subtle smile crawled over her delicate mouth, as victory seemed within her reach. Suddenly, a black shadow came into Dean’s vision, and Anna stumbled. It was Benny. He scrambled for Anna’s gun, tried to take it from her. But Anna fought back like a wild animal trapped in a narrow room, fought Benny with tooth and nail. Dean slowly got up, confused about the sudden turns of fate.
“Dean, you’re my brother and I love you just for who you are – but please spare me the details,” Sam wailed.
And then Castiel turned around to him, smiling happily from ear to ear and slowly blinking at Dean kindly. Dean felt short of breath, totally dumbstruck. Enraptured, he let that smile envelop him, encompassing him like a warm duvet, dispelling all his doubts and persistent worries. Castiel's smile even widened when Dean felt his own mouth twitch and offer a hesitant, shy smile back.
Dean’s thumb gently stroked over the back of his hand, drew little meaningless circles. He beheld Castiel with incredible fondness in his look, making Castiel blush and look away. He felt as if he had presented an intimate secret of his heart to Dean, one that he barely dared to utter aloud.
Castiel felt his jaw drop, and it seemed he turned into a pillar of salt. His own eyes must have widened in shock, and he must have trembled awfully, because he felt a hand on his shoulder, the hand of the guard, who asked him cautiously if they should go. He could not tear his eyes away from Dean as they beheld each other thoughtfully. How had it come to this? So much love, all the amazing days and nights they had spent together, washed away, and now replaced with nothing but forlornness and anger... Castiel perceived the hot streams of his pouring tears bedewing his cheeks, and he was certain he saw tears welling in Dean's eyes as well.
Cas smiled wistfully to himself, every clear thought escaping him, as he remembered his time with Jack.
Dean took a few deep breaths, refusing to let his apprehension get the better of him as he lingered in the hallway passively. If something had happened to Castiel... he might be in danger right now and in dire need of Dean's help. Surely, he was trained in Wing Chun, so he wasn't as defenseless as the average guy – but Dean doubted he could fight back when an unearthly creature attacked him. He eyed the door for a moment and passed the resolution he didn't want to break the door – it would arouse too much attention and Dean preferred to remain incognito.
Walking on air, he closed the distance between them. Gabriel became strangely silent, all his movements reduced to a minimum when he watched Dean and Castiel’s wordless interaction. He smiled understandingly, patted Dean’s shoulder.
Dean risked a few side glances as he studied Castiel's beautiful but stern facial features, and though he saw Castiel's eyes become gloomy and a melancholic, brittle smile came to Castiel's lips – the other man didn't respond to Dean's looks but just kept on walking silently. He admired Castiel's willpower and persistence secretly, for Dean felt one second away from exploding with pain and longing. At the moment, it really wasn't above him to fall to his knees and beg Castiel for his forgiveness – he absolutely couldn't stand the austerity of his countenance, that austerity that had replaced the warm, soft glow that had been there before. How this coldness had repressed the memory of love and kind feelings Castiel had held for Dean. Nothing in the world could make up for that damage, at least this was what it looked like to Dean.
Dean knew exactly what was happening right now – wide-eyed, he witnessed the calamity approaching, its claws reaching out for him. Damn it, damn it, damn it.
He continued lying in Castiel's arms, rested against his torso, while the other kissed his hair from time to time, his fingers didn't stop giving small caresses. They both fell silent, yet the calm felt pleasant, intimate. They watched the game of the colors on the firmament, how they painted the sky crimson, orange and purple as the sun went down. The instrumental guitar music kept playing in the background, it filled Dean's mind with distant daydreams. At some point he placed his hand above Castiel's and watched how their fingers intertwined immediately. He let his thumb brush over the soft skin and smiled secretly to himself. How perfect their combined hands looked, as if they were meant to be, and yet they could never be one.
At the end of this strenuous day, Castiel lay on his sofa, watching a ridiculous documentation about monster trucks absentmindedly. He wondered if he should call Dean or if he should give him some time to himself. As if Dean had read his mind, Castiel's telephone rang, and when he answered the call, Dean's soft voice greeted him. It was soothing to hear him again, after all these turmoil that Castiel had battled with, and he relaxed against the cushion and silenced the TV.
„See you later, Bobby,” he called through the house, receiving a „Behave!” in return. He smirked and left the house.
"Yeah, see you, Dean", Castiel replied, his face fell, and the smile he gave Dean seemed melancholic and bitter-sweet to him. The look of his deep blue eyes had changed to a hesitant, affected glance, which baffled Dean extremely. Despite that, he turned around again and walked to his room – he didn't want to ruin the tender vibe, which had thrived between them in the end, with inconsiderate, meaningless words.
Castiel fought against the tears welling in his eyes and the lump of pain strangling his throat. It was a blessing soothing to feel Dean's thumb stroking his hand again, and suddenly, as he sat there with his head tilted down, he felt a warm kiss placed into his dark hair, right above his forehead. For a moment he closed his lids, relishing the pleasant action, and a long, exhausted sigh left his lungs. Castiel felt so tired as a result of his memories, the heartache always made him weak and vulnerable, sore with raw, overcharging emotions he could not handle.
All at once, a heroic man came out of nowhere, lunged at Aaron and Cas with a big jump, about to tackle Aaron’s legs and bring him down. Aaron’s reaction capacity was stunning: Before the man could reach him, Aaron had shot his upper thigh – with an anguished cry, the man collapsed on the ground, held his wounded leg. Dark blood flowed out of his bullet wound, wetted the floor, tinged it crimson red. In shock, Dean stared at the blood, his heart was about to explode. If Aaron was this reckless, this insouciant in regards to hurting somebody… what chances of survival did that leave for Cas?
There was a moment of silence. Then Dean spoke, and the sound of his voice, so broken, so devastated, made Castiel wince with sympathy for him.
Dean let out an amorous long sigh when he read Cas’ reply. He felt stupidly in love, giddy with pleasure.
Many nights they were sleepless, restless even, as they lay side by side, regarding the other's face in the velvet blue of the night. Then they were talking quietly, holding hands and stroking each other softly, as they shared the most intimate details about themselves with the other man, as trustfully as possible for a human being. To top it all, the sex was simply amazing, sometimes hot and ravaging, as Castiel pounded into Dean's body vehemently; sometimes their lovemaking was slow and sensual, filled with a hunger that bordered to greediness, and often they lashed into the other out of the blue. Whenever they were done, huffing and puffing after repetitive rounds of carnal intercourse, Castiel felt light-headed, and filled with a bliss that was close to perfection. To see the happiness in Dean's eyes as he regarded him after it, was more than he could handle, and he always thought he would have to burst because he was so happy his heart threatened to jump out of his chest.
In the middle of the night Dean awoke with a start. He sat up straight in bed immediately, his eyes trying to get used to the dimness all around. He was breathing hard, gasping for air. Only blurry images reappeared in his mind's eyes like white flashes, he must have been having one hell of a nightmare. However, Dean felt like something was calling out for him, a persistent voice that urged him to pay attention to it. It persuaded him to follow it and to seek the origin of that voice. Before Dean knew it he was struggling to his feet with a groan. By instinct he turned around and when he faced the window, the voice repeating his name in a ghostlike whisper ebbed away.
Then Dean was out like a light, outworn by the severe agony his body had been feeling for hours. Whenever autumn came, his migraines were especially bad, and he couldn’t do anything but focus on the pain and wish to put a bullet into his brain, just so that it stopped. He woke up the next late morning bleary-eyed, wiping the drool from his mouth. The bright sunlight ached in his eyes, but the majority of his pain had gone away. When he looked at his phone again, he noticed the message from Cas this early morning – it brought a lovestruck, overjoyed smile on his lips, warmed his heart thoroughly.
Dean shoved Castiel towards the stage and made him announce the result, thinking it was his time to shine alone now; after all, if it hadn’t been for him, Dean would have never done or dared to do something like this charity concert. The guests went wild, deafening cheers resounding, as Castiel announced the size of the donation. Then Castiel let go of the mic, walked over to Dean, and slung an arm around his shoulder, pulled him closer. He kissed his cheek energetically, grinned against Dean’s skin. Dean could practically feel Cas’ body vibrate, thought it was contagious. Goosebumps appeared all over his body, an electric shiver ran down his spine, as he sensed Cas’ nose in the hair right above his temple, how his hot breath ghosted into his ear.
“You call this love foolish? What have our lives been but foolish, Dean? All this bloodshed, the killings…” His voice broke and he looked down and closed his eyes, overwhelmed by his sudden outburst.
“It was okay, no biggie. Here and there a little traffic jam, but apart from that, free driving," Dean said. Bobby set the bag down in the entry hall while Dean slipped out of his shoes. Dean sat down at the kitchen table, while Bobby walked to the fridge and got Dean a beer. Dean accepted it gratefully, his throat already parched. He gulped down the cool liquid greedily and sighed happily when he put the bottle down again. Bobby beheld him with a gentle smile.
Cautiously he clumped to the ajar door of Castiel's bedroom and when he halted and rested his body weight on his crutches, the given sight moved his heart with embitterment. He felt like weeping, but no tears came to his eyes, he had no words of comfort to give. Castiel had gathered all the carvings and placed them on the racks with an odd tranquility. His motions were delicate and composed, but Dean detected the trembling in his fingers when his hands returned the figures to the racks. Half of his face was turned to Dean and he recognized the sober, stern countenance on the beautiful features, remaining there as if Castiel had never smiled in his whole life. Dean's heart throbbed with pain, all he wanted was to reassure Castiel he was fine now, that no one could do harm to him. All at once, Castiel spoke, and his hoarse, dark voice cut through the silence like a sharp knife, opened invisible wounds inside of Dean. He was bleeding inwardly, hot blood rinsed through his intestines as Castiel's narration upset him.
"Thank you for lending me a sympathetic ear, I really needed that tonight. I don't know, it's weird... whenever I talk with you I feel like my problems are laughable, you make everything seem so easy and... I just wanna thank you for listening."
Dean grabbed the forgotten towel and started cleaning Castiel's face while the other man remained perfectly still, seemingly petrified due to Dean's caresses. He took his time to whisk off every stain of blood, every drying tear. He was as gentle with Castiel as he could, and the man seemed to relax with each passing minute, obviously enjoying Dean's affectionate ministrations.
Dean sighed wistfully, stopped in his tracks for a second and closed his eyes. He had to move on. It was absolute folly to be here. He had to leave and forget about Castiel. But his heart protested at the mere thought, screamed at him. It hurt like hell, every fiber within Dean was reluctant to forget about the mesmerizing man. Dean was at his wit’s end. He felt forlorn and miserable. For a gruesome moment, he didn’t know what to do with himself, so he sat down on the marble border of one flower bed, breathed through deeply several times.
“I made my peace with the past. What happened to me was hard, and for a long time, I felt very bad and hopeless. But then I finally realized that I can’t change what has happened, that there’s no use dwelling on it forever. Remember that time when we video-called the other night, after I had that nightmare about Aaron? You told me I had survived Aaron. And at that moment, it kind of clicked in my head and I finally understood… I feel like I have been given a second chance at life, to have a better life, with someone I actually love, and who loves me equally… it makes me feel giddy with excitement about all the future days to come.”
"You're so...ahhh...," Castiel moaned, biting on his bottom lip when Dean responded to Castiel's pace and rode his every thrust voluptuously, arching his back. "Fuck, so good, Dean!," Castiel cried out, his brow furrowed with tantalizing lust. Every notion of resistance was forgotten while Castiel glided into Dean. His head fell into the crook of Dean's neck as if he was overmastered by being united with Dean. Dean's hands stroked down Castiel's smooth back and up through his hair, squeezed him and held him as close as possible. He enjoyed the nipping of Castiel's teeth on his neck and the greedy lips which sucked on his skin, leaving purple hickeys in their wake. It didn't take long and Castiel hoisted Dean's ass and shoved into him with an alternative angle – and the air was punched out of Dean, he choked on his own breaths. A flash of pleasure shot through him, made his whole body tense up so that he was even digging his toes into the ground. Castiel's cock head stroked along his sweet spot, made Dean's legs twitch and forced him to become a boneless puddle of chaos and rapture. He was soon getting lost in the ecstasy of being pushed over the edge, of feeling so sexually satisfied.
"Well, don't get me wrong. That's nice for a change, but... that will be one expensive hour of eating ice cream", Dean said, his spoon digging into the creamy ice. He brought the spoon to his lips and tasted the first load, his lids falling shut as he savoured the taste, a low, appreciative moan rumbling through his throat.
"I'm dreaming...", Dean mumbled, and Castiel smiled peacefully at him. To show him he was not a fantasy, he uplifted his hand and placed it above Dean's, which still framed his cheek, and he pressed Dean's fingers confirmatively. He noticed, Dean's breathing stopped for a second, then Dean tilted his head and came closer, and in a heartbeat, he had pressed his lips onto Castiel's, and their eyelids closed. His hand slid to Castiel's neck, and he applied pressure, so that they could merge easier – for a second, both of them kept still, their mouths just touching, and Castiel breathed Dean's scent in hungrily. How he had missed these pliant, soft lips, the desire he could feel coursing through Dean's whole body, a desire, that was meant for him alone... It didn't take long, and Dean's fingers got lost in Castiel's dark, wet hair, and he pulled him against him, and they were kissing passionately, impetuously. Castiel thought he felt how both his and Dean's knees weakened, and he heard Dean's sweet sigh, felt its whiff inside his mouth. He hummed appreciatively, and tilted his head, so that Dean could roam his mouth with his tongue effortlessly; he couldn't hold back the aroused moan as their tongues slid lewdly together, and he massaged Dean's tongue with his own as their kisses became most frantic and unrestrained.
“Must be some sort of gravitational pull,” Castiel murmured, then his lids closed, and he kissed Dean deeply.
Castiel raised his eyes to Gabriel’s, didn’t know what to say. An all-consuming black hole opened in his chest, sucked the life out of him, every good emotion he had ever felt. He was utterly devastated, he knew he was tilting at windmills. Was there no hope for him? No chance to escape this life and be happy with Dean? Gabriel caught the glum mask of Castiel and smiled encouragingly at him. He squeezed his shoulder amicably, shook him a little.
He sensed Zachariah standing there in the doorway for a few more moments, obviously uncertain whether to leave Castiel alone in this state. But, at last, he retreated, and silently closed the door. A million woozy thoughts flitted through Castiel’s mind. How could Dean do this to him?
When Castiel stared out of the window, it wasn’t lost on him that there were many news stations present. They were pointing their cameras at them as they passed them by, eager for shots of their faces. The whole city was probably gossiping viciously about the Capulets and the Montagues right now. Castiel had heard the news this morning, that the Montagues would have a funeral of their own today as well – at the other end of town, at the old
Hesitantly, he entered the tiny cell, sat down on the yielding mattress of his cot. When he turned his head to regard the guards, one of them even gave him something like a subtle, understanding smile.
So, sorry I didn't update last week. I wanted this chapter beta-read, so I waited patiently for my lovely beta – whose awesome destiel AU / half canon story "Second Chances" you should totally read! Not a hint at all that you should post a new chappi, darling, not at all hahahaha Great plot, thrilling, hotness! Oh, and I've been told there was the Superbowl in the US? Come on, I'm a European! I don't know these things. On top of that, my ear is hurting since days *whines* (slight inflammation), and I've been struggling with chapter 28 for over a week now. I can better estimate how many chapters this story will have now – either 30 or 32! Once I've finished writing it, I think I will update quicker. Until then, let me know what you think! Oh, and brace for the next SPN hiatus -sobs-
Dean was biting his cheeks and barely hiding a grin when he picked up the last box Castiel had forgotten in the kitchen. Castiel was already out of the door, not even looking back over his shoulder to the place he had called home for years. Aaron was still standing there, glued to the spot, confused and with an open mouth, as if he wasn’t understanding what was happening. Dean passed him by, not even bothering about saying goodbye to him. He couldn’t wait for the day, on which Castiel would take revenge on him and kick his ass, Dean thought, now allowing himself to grin broadly as he stepped outside.
Castiel raised one hand and placed it on Dean’s cheek – Dean felt the weight of it, the warm and dry skin, smelling divine of Castiel’s unique lemony scent. Dean slowly lifted his eyes, only to drown in Castiel’s eyes so close to his, staring at him openly, knowingly. The littlest of smiles was playing around the corners of his mouth. Castiel leaned in then and closed his eyes, a shadow of longing crawling over his features. With caution, he pressed his lips against Dean’s, kissing him fleetingly. It was like the touch of a butterfly, tickling and volatile. Goosebumps spread all over Dean’s skin. He felt dizzy, aching with need and want, as he gingerly answered to the pressure of Castiel’s lips against his. His head started spinning. On their own, his lids fell shut, too.
“You could have called. We could have come to pick you up. It’s very easy to get heatstroke in this midday sun.”
Dean didn't like the way Castiel looked at him – was it sympathy, or just a sort of deeper understanding? He wasn't used to being treated with empathy. Hell, mostly he didn't even tell anyone about his circumstances.
Dean sighed, kneading his temples. He was getting a headache. People in toxic relationships, always a nice drama to be surrounded with. He laughed a little when he thought about what Bobby had said. Unbelievable.
Thank you for the kind reviews and the overall approval of this story so far! As always, feedback is appreciated...
Exasperation overwhelmed Castiel, and he sighed again, because Gabe always made everything sound so easy. He had read his mind perfectly, though – Castiel really didn't want to get over Dean.
“There’s truly evil in this world, and you hold the power to defy this evil and see it behind bars," his voice boomed and his serious mien made everyone stare back at him flabbergasted, not knowing what to think of his words. Suddenly, the entrance music started, and thus Castiel’s speech was terminated. Castiel continued staring at them all with dark and piercing looks, but then he smiled a little, nodded to himself and left the stage. It wasn’t completely clear whether he had meant to finish his speech like this or whether someone had decided to cut him off, but Dean was certain the latter had happened. There was a confused murmur among the crowd, and even some giggles here and there, but overall, the audience was startled and perplexed after Castiel’s gloomy speech.
Castiel put his hand above Dean's and gave it a light squeeze, then he opened his eyes and smiled honestly at Dean. He got up and together they walked to his apartment door slowly. Dean observed Castiel running a hand through his hair and sighing agitatedly as he followed him.
"Then stop blaming yourself for the decision your father made. He loved you so much that he was willing to give up his life for you. I don't think he would have wanted you to despair and spend your days with guilt. He wanted you to
„It's not stupid, Cas. It’s beautiful. You know, I want that too, someday. I’ll keep my fingers crossed for you that you’ll find that certain somebody and that you’ll be happily married,” he then said. Castiel contemplated him for a moment then, and Dean felt his piercing look, his eyes practically staring holes into his body. When he turned his head to quickly glance at Castiel, he caught an enigmatic smile on Castiel’s lips, and a terribly fond expression in his beautiful blue eyes.
Castiel broke abruptly away from him, breathing irregularly – Dean looked down at him and detected his eyes were already dilating, his lips were swollen and glistening seductively. Castiel smiled subtly at him and wrapped an arm around Dean's back lovingly.
Aaron opened the door and his face was full of surprise when he saw a stranger – Dean – in the hallway, looking at him darkly. Dean studied him from head to toe with raised eyebrows, his arms crossed in front of his chest, not hiding what he was thinking about men hitting their partners. Aaron frowned at him. Dean could imagine what he was thinking of him, the way his eyes wandered over Dean’s blue overall doubtfully. Aaron was a little bit taller than Dean. He had a lean physique and bright blond hair, which had hair gel in it, and which he had combed back in a snobbish way. He was wearing a dark blue, expensive-looking pinstriped suit. His teeth were awfully fake-bright, but the confused smile he gave Dean was dishonest and smug. His bright blue eyes carried a cold, deadly gleam within them, appearing dangerous and feral to Dean. Aaron was good-looking, but it was obvious his heart was rotten and loveless, and that made him seem ugly. A shudder ran down Dean’s spine. He didn’t really know Aaron, but he already disliked him.
With that being said, Castiel gave Dean one last encouraging look, then he took a step backwards and dragged Dean with him, so that he had no choice but to move forward hesitantly as their hands were still entwined. The moment he dared to let his right heel touch the ground, he sensed the sheer impossibility of it and hobbled so that he came to rest on his other leg. Castiel's hands applied pressure to keep him upright and he put all his trust into those caring, understanding hands. Their eyes met after Dean had accomplished the first step, a sly smile flitted across Castiel's lips. Ever so gingerly, he withdrew his hands and watched Dean try to walk alone. It was downright exhausting and it demanded Dean's whole concentration, but he wanted to prove to himself and to Castiel that he could get the hang of this. Very slowly, they walked along the corridor, Castiel strolling beside Dean, keeping his attentive eyes on him. Dean was already out of breath when they reached the exit and he stopped for a second, giving Castiel a worried side glance.
"Mister Winchester?", the doctor asked carefully, as the silence in the room lingered for too long. Dean met his eyes again and tried to smile, though tears of anger were welling in his eyes. He gritted his teeth and nodded, brushing the tears of frustration briskly away with the back of his hand.
!", the woman's voice suddenly rang out in the background of the garage, making both of them wince in surprise. Castiel frowned and wondered if the woman was talking about him, and then he heard Dean groan exasperated and he rolled his eyes quite annoyed. Quickly he pulled down the zipper of his jumpsuit, revealing the jeans and the light gray T-shirt he was wearing underneath. He gave Castiel a meaningful stare when Jo's laughter was audible again.
Gabriel made the group align in three rows, and soon, they were all warming up along to salsa-like, instrumental music with an upbeat rhythm. Then Gabriel showed them the basic steps of tango – for those, who had never danced it before, and for the others to help them remember. Dean completely focussed on the right steps and coordinating his limbs to the rhythm, and he was pretty decent, he decided. Already thirty minutes had passed, and Dean felt a little sweaty and thirsty. When he looked to his left, he saw Castiel repeating the basic pattern, just like the rest of the group, again and again, concentration veiling his features. Dean almost stopped dancing when he regarded Castiel, because his moves were so lithe, so effortless, it almost looked as if he was floating over the ground, that his feet were swift and barely touching the floor. He simply looked stunning, and he made even the most basic moves appear gracile and beautiful. Before Dean could start drooling or trying to pick up his jaw from the floor, Gabriel turned down the volume of the music and declared they could stop to drink some water. In the corner of the room, there was a table with water bottles and plastic cups, just waiting for the thirsty dancers.
“Wish I knew, Dean… I wish you didn’t have to go, that I could stay here with you forever. But, to be honest, I have no idea what I’m doing here, or where any of this is leading to,” Cas confessed – Dean was about to become confused and worried again, because what the hell was the point of falling in love with someone if you couldn’t be together? If it didn’t lead to anything more than just confessions of feelings for the other? But then Castiel placed his forehead on Dean’s shoulder and hid his face in the crook of Dean’s neck, and Dean instantly engulfed Cas in an intimate, close hug – and just like that, he was completely soothed again. Just holding Cas in his arms put all doubts and fears aside.
He raised his eyes to Cas, struck with delight at the erotic sight given: Cas regarded him with fiery eyes, a feverish look resting in them – a frown of wonderful torture was on his forehead, he bit on his bottom lip, barely stifling the moans escaping him. Then Dean let his mouth gobble him greedily, he took Cas’ dick inside his mouth deeper and deeper, until he could feel the head touching the back of his throat. Cas’ lids closed at that, he sobbed with pleasure, as Dean started blowing him in earnest. Dean had done this a million times before, but he was always awed how big Cas was, and he had to remind himself often to breathe through his nose – his mouth was completely filled, Cas’ girth forcing Dean to open his mouth wide. But having Cas lolling in the sheets, his fingernails desperately grabbing Dean’s head, it was definitely worth it. Dean loved it when Cas took over, when he used the subtlest force to steer Dean’s head with his hands however he wanted, to make him go slower or faster, as Dean deep-throated him, letting Cas fuck his mouth.
The older Winchester's head was blank, absolutely clueless about what to do with this information, so he just stared at the brown-haired man in front of him, asking a precarious "So...?" making Sam obviously baffled with exasperation.
“I’m just worried, Bobby. Haven’t you noticed how close-lipped he has become? And how often he shuts himself away?”
Stunned silence met him, and Dean didn’t know what to think of it. Was Cas pissed at him? Had he said something wrong? Then there was a long, unnerved sigh.
"Uhm, we... remember that devil's gate we talked about before? Uh, it seems to have a leak, like we feared. Last time we were there, there was already a little army of demons gathering there. We just barely managed to make a devil's trap around it and caught a few black-eyed bitches like this. But we're not sure how long it will last, and it's kind of not the right solution for this problem. Not for good. Know what I mean? We also didn't want to exorcise the demons, thought it is better to have an eye on them," he blathered, fiddling about with Castiel's graceful, slender fingers that rested against his thoughtlessly.
“Guess you haven’t heard it on the news, then. Huh… there was a bad accident on the highway, with two cars and a truck involved. Many seriously injured, and the driver of the truck, he didn’t make it. Charlie and I were called up to block the road and divert traffic until the medics arrived… And after that, they towed the damaged cars and we had to help clean the streets of rubble.”
When they emerged and the cooling draught hit their wet skin, Dean began to shiver, his teeth chattered unceremoniously. Castiel walked to a nearby wooden bench and grabbed a huge bathing towel. He winded it around Dean's shoulders with a tender smile, while Dean stood on one leg, quavering at the sudden coldness. The towel around him felt warm and nice, and Castiel started toweling his arms and torso agilely – all the while his eyes rested on Dean's, and Dean had to smile fondly as he detected the mirthful gleam in Castiel's irises. It was such a heart-wrenching, kind gesture of Castiel to dry him... Dean's body relaxed immensely when Castiel gave him his bathrobe and as he cloaked himself in it.
"Well, do me a favor and do some research. The next time I meet a black-eyed bastard I want to be prepared and ask reasonable questions. And call me when you've found something, alright?"
The day was still early when Dean and Castiel said goodbye to Sam, the position of the sun hinted at lunchtime. They left the Impala to him, and Dean warned him to never drive drunk again; Castiel drove them back to the rehab-center, holding Dean's hand gently in his all the while (Dean thanked the automatic transmission of the Toyota for allowing them this sweet opportunity). The short ride was silent, each man absorbed in his own thoughts about what the future might bring them. Dean was somewhat astonished when Castiel parked the car and got out to accompany Dean back inside, but when they neared the reception desk, a particular premonition coursed through his mind, as if he was guessing what Castiel was up to. He kept his respectful distance as he watched Castiel walking over to Karen, smiling grimly at her as her mouth fell open in shock as she discerned his bruised face.
“Some people won’t eat anything they’ve never seen before,” muttered Bobby while he cleaned the kitchen counter. Dean frowned at him. Where did Bobby’s sudden affirmation of religion and its rites come from?
It made Dean chuckle to himself. That damn son of a bitch. In defeat, he threw his hands into the air, hearing both Castiel and Jo laugh at that.
Castiel was slowly but surely going stir-crazy; now that he had all the time in the world, the hours seemed to drag on. The cellphone in his hand felt heavy, the weight of its significance burdened Castiel. A few times he had entered Dean's number, only to turn the cellphone off again. He tossed and turned in bed, incapable of finding a convenient position; Castiel was more than nervous, he felt like a wreck. His insides wavered between fear of rejection and the thrill of anticipation – just to hear Dean's voice again... he was certain it would make him lose it. Once more he dialed Dean's number and gnawed at his bottom lip, and this time, he waited. He needed to talk to Dean again, he needed to make him understand, so that he could have him back.
Unfortunately, more worldly matters surpassed their pent-up passion and they had to restrain themselves for a wee bit. First, Castiel made Dean call the rehab-center to explain his absence; of course Dean told them a lie, that he was staying with his relatives for the weekend, and they bought it without hesitation. Then their hunger overruled their fervor and they retreated to the living room – they huddled up against one another on the comfortable sofa and ate delicious slices of pizza while they watched stupid daytime TV. Dean didn't object when Castiel got up and inserted a DVD; minutes later, they were half-heartedly watching "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", munching their food with pleasure. Dean had seen the movie at least five times in his life, and he assumed everybody else had seen it uncountable times as well, so it didn't feel weird to talk most of the time, and to keep still when funny parts killed their conversation momentarily and distracted them.
Dean stared at Castiel, utterly baffled, bewitched. Damn. Castiel was hot when he got all dominant and rigorous like that. Also, the black robe he wore really underlined his strictness, made his beautiful blue eyes gleam with a deadly cold fire. Dean gulped thickly, as a hot shiver ran down his spine. Fantasies of him tearing this stupid robe off and undressing Castiel and just taking him there on the wooden pedestal filled his mind, made his heat swim with superb dizziness. Heat rose in his cheeks and he scratched his neck abashedly.
The smell of baked potatoes wafted through the air, as they entered Castiel's apartment, and Dean's tummy rebelled for food. When they were inside, he caught a brief insight of Castiel's dwelling. The place looked neat and not too fancy. There were laminate floors everywhere. From the corridor Dean could recognize there were three rooms – the kitchen, the bordering living room and at the end of the apartment there must have been Castiel's bedroom. Castiel pulled off his jacket and held out his hand, so that Dean could give him his hoodie. It was quite warm in the flat, so Dean quickly took off it off and gave it to Castiel. He couldn't help but notice how cosy and familiar it felt, to be in his apartment, about to have dinner with him. In another world, this might have been his alternative lifestyle, and he was definitely not averse to it. Coming home to Castiel sounded appealing...
On this night, however, things took a different turn – he had just slipped under the covers, forcing himself to hit the sack, but for some reason, he was wide awake, couldn’t sleep yet. It was as if someone was calling out for him, as if someone needed his help. Frowning, he wondered about this weird sensation. Then his phone vibrated, confirming his hunch. It was Cas.
"Oh, plunge me deep in love – put out my senses, leave me deaf and blind, swept by the tempest of your love, a taper in a rushing wind", Castiel suddenly said quietly, making Dean's skin crawl effortlessly. It shook him deeply, to hear Castiel's sweet words, he assumed he was reciting a poem. A blazing fire burnt within him, having something to do with the way Castiel turned to him and smiled tenderly. He was slowly but certainly turning to jelly, melting right in front of Castiel. The attraction between them was tangible, making it difficult to breathe. Castiel's cold fingers brushed over Dean's outstretched hand, their eyes never leaving each other, and he placed his palm confidently on Dean's chilly fingers. Dean heard his own heartbeat vibrating loudly and excitingly in his ears, delight bloomed inside his mind. He turned his hand and grasped Castiel's and held it firmly in his.
"Let me return the favour," Castiel whispered, his hands traveling down to Dean's bulging fly tentatively. He seeked for approval in Dean's look, and Dean had difficulties finding his speech. So he nodded, too dumbstruck to utter a word.
They brought Castiel into his room, where he continued sleeping like a baby – like a very drugged, hurt baby, Dean noted. He finally had time and enough energy to pick up his phone. He was stunned when he saw all the missed phone calls and messages he had received, instantly worried about his beloved ones and if they were okay. But when he thumbed through the messages quickly, he realized that they were okay and just worried about him and Cas. Judging from Sam’s status, he was still online, so Dean called him, despite the late hour. On the corridor, he spoke quietly into the phone, his voice breathless, his words tripping over, as he explained all that had happened today.
He told himself it didn't matter where they were going to hang out, but inwardly he was shivering and screaming with anticipation of facing the possibility to see the mysterious man again. He didn't want to exaggerate when he searched in his wardrobe for clothes, but he felt the urge to look handsome tonight. After a moment of hesitation he donned a tight black shirt, some worn out loose jeans and a blue, plaid button-down shirt. Fair enough, he thought, when he eyed himself in the mirror. As he captured his own gaze he became suddenly aware that he was thinking about the stuff he was wearing and the way other people would see him. He frowned and tried to remember when that had happened for the last time.
To feel Dean's eyes resting on his again,... it was divine, and it fulfilled Castiel with a strong feeling of happiness, that prickled down his spine. He ignored the confusion and the wild look flaming in Dean's eyes, red from crying, and he even managed to offer him a little, honest smile. He comprehended Dean was still crying and completely flustered, and his heart ached when he saw Dean's eyes narrowed in suspicion, which was aimed at him.
Castiel stopped laughing and sobered up straight away. He turned around and noticed only slightly that Gabe had stopped talking. In front of him the stranger from the other night stood – a coy but somehow smart smile playing around his lips. His gorgeous green eyes considered Castiel thoughtfully, and there was an enticing twinkle lit in them. It seemed the unknown man only had eyes for Castiel. And Castiel was nothing but a mess, his intestines were tumbling down; his heart missed a beat when he recognized the man wore no shirt, only tight washed out jeans. Castiel's eyes trailed down the taut chest, the lean torso, down to the protruding hipbones and the defined muscles of the man's abdomen. Then they wandered back to the steeled upper arms and his broad shoulders. For a second Castiel's gaze lingered on the man's throat and his clavicle.
He turned around to Dean, searching for fitting words, but he could only smile through the tears that were staining his night-chilled cheeks, an awkward, flustered laugh escaped him. Dean's tender gaze made him twitch with delight, he noted Dean beheld him with a knowing expression, and he didn't budge when he saw, as if in slow motion, how Dean raised his arm and his hand enclosed the back of Castiel's head, pulling him closer. His fingers sifted through the dark strands and Dean bent forward, his breath ghosting over Castiel's agape mouth. He got lost in the adamant gaze of Dean's eyes, as they beheld him, he could only notice the dilated pupils and Dean's fresh odour seeping through his pores intoxicantly.
Dean’s heart stopped beating. He wrapped his arms around Benny’s limp body, pulled him closer. Their cheeks were touching. Dean felt Benny’s scratchy stubble, inhaled his spicy tangy scent, which always smelt like leather and stony water – he thought he would lose his head. That he was going to explode. He felt Benny die. Felt how his breathing stopped. How the weight in his arms became heavier. He tried to breathe through several times, compose himself. To no avail. Then the earth-shattering scream went through him, like lightning, about to rip him in two. He screamed against the pain, screamed until his lungs felt as if they were on fire. It was a primal scream, filled with so much agony. Benny was dead. Dead! Anna had killed him.
"Not of import", he muttered and placed a chaste kiss on Dean's soaked forehead. He tasted his salty sweat and licked his lips to absorb more of the aphrodisiac liquid. Dean beheld him with a knowing smirk and sighed a deeply contented sigh.
Eventually Castiel opened his eyes and looked down at Dean, while the other knelt in front of him and cupped his face tenderly. The tears were unstoppable then, even more came. Castiel huffed a humourless laugh once their eyes met, then he closed his eyes again and leaned into the soft touch of Dean's palm against his cheek with a pained sensuality beautifying his features. He cried quietly, dry sobs resounded in his throat, shaking his chest. Dean felt pity and guilt weighing heavily on his shoulders – the sight was simply unbearable. Castiel seemed utterly shattered, haggard.
He and Castiel had phoned around six, and Castiel had sounded drained, admitting that it wasn't so easy to clear out his apartment and burn all bridges behind him. He told Dean he had already given notice to his landlord to quit the residence, and his landlord had been accommodating, offering Castiel to pay only one more monthly rent instead of the usual three. Dean was impressed when Castiel listed all the contracts he had terminated within a few hours – he tended to forget "normal" people always had a bunch of liabilities. He only had his cellphone, which he frequently changed, and his car – and even the auto insurance was faked. Castiel and he agreed on meeting around eight, thus giving Castiel more time to sort his things out.
„I can’t believe you brought popcorn to my courtroom,” he exclaimed and suddenly burst with laughter. It made Dean grin and admire the mirth gracing Castiel’s features. With a quick movement, Castiel seized the paper bag Bobby had held in his hand.
"I love you," he muttered, feeling Castiel's smile against his skin. "I love you too," Castiel responded, then he left innocent kisses all over Dean's throat, his collarbone and his jaw. Dean didn't know for how long they stayed like this, lying together in the candlelight, in that deserted sanctuary. When they parted and reached for their clothes, they gave other fond smiles and mellow looks while they dressed, and it seemed to Dean, the world had changed in between their arrival and their approaching departure. That he and Castiel were cleansed of every sin, purified through their fusion. He had given himself over wholly to Castiel, and now they belonged together in every way imaginable. Never before had Dean allowed himself to become so attached to someone. He didn't know whether Castiel understood the depth of emotions Dean held for him, but when Dean walked up to him, a shy smile spreading on his mouth, and when he engulfed him in a bone crushing hug, he hoped his partner got the message.
“That’s the point, buddy. They’ll never see us coming. I know somebody who could get us tickets, get us inside, it’s all foolproof. It’s a masquerade ball, so we dress up, get in unseen, and have a blast at the Capulets’ expense, and they won’t even know it. I’m laughing already just thinking about it. I mean, can you imagine? The Montagues mingling with the guests of the Capulets, like wolves among sheep.”
Now, to make sense of this afterword, I want to THANK YOU ALL for your amazing, lovely support. You can't imagine what it means to me – I was always soooo excited and happy to see a new mail notification (no, no, I absolutely did not check my mails like several times an hour after I uploaded a new chapter, noooo whistles innocently), that I've received another review or follower. YOU really made me finish this story and try my best. Without you, this story wouldn't have been the same, and I cherish your attention and your kind words and your encouragement. Sobs sobs, it's hard to let you all go, lol... I feel so close to you all, after this journey... it was definitely a new experience for me. You made me dumbstruck, that you thought this story worthy enough to give it a try, and of course, if you didn't already know it, I stalked each and every one of you (where are they from, how old are they, do they write themselves, what do they like and so on – yep, I'm a creep!) - I found quite a lot stories you've written or liked, which I can read now hehe...
There was only so much self-control Castiel could maintain, and in an instant he lunged for Dean and pressed him with his back harshly against the doorframe, his hands framing Dean's face, and before long their mouths crushed together and they kissed passionately, devouring the other man unrestrainedly. Castiel felt Dean's naked chest meeting his, breathing in the same quivering way, and the younger man's fingers slid into his hair and pulled him closer as their tongues wrestled sensually slowly with each other. Castiel seized Dean's thigh and lifted it up, so that it was coming around his waist effortlessly; their crotches moved together, and he felt the hard outline of Dean's cock sliding against his, making his knees go weak at the intense friction it caused. He moaned into their kisses and his other hand slid to Dean's bare hipbone, his fingernails clawing at the soft skin violently. Their lips parted, both of them panting heavily, and through half-lidded eyes they beheld each other; Castiel kept rubbing his pelvis against Dean's, shuddering with every thrust of his hip making their clothed erections glide along each other.
"Seriously, dude. Cheer up! It's just your second day in here. You will go nuts if you spend too much time on your thoughts. Told you, you've got to find some distraction. Why don't you join me and go to the art class or do crochet like Ash?", Garth suggested, putting an amused smile on Dean's face as Ash confirmed "I can crochet like a god", and he scoffed when Ash wiggled his eyebrows meaningfully.
This time it took longer to get an answer, and Castiel was already worrying if he had misunderstood the chemistry between them, if he had made all of this up. Maybe he was just filled with delusions that made him believe there was something going on between them. Thankfully his cell phone vibrated with another message before he could ponder harder about it - it only contained an address and Dean's request to pick him up whenever he was ready to. Castiel got up and grabbed his wallet and ID card. He answered to Gabe's raised eyebrows with a delighted grin that spread from one ear to the other, then he stormed out of the door. To Dean.
to look at Castiel in this way. In an instant Castiel placed his feet on the ground and his arms came around Dean's back, then he shifted his weight and let Dean fall into his arms towards the ground, so that the younger man wouldn't be able to ride him any longer. From below Dean looked up into his face, his body bent at an angle of roughly 45 degrees, and the confusion was written all over his eyes as his thighs wrapped tensely around Castiel's waist to prevent him from falling down – the confusion quickly vanished when Castiel leant down and uplifted his pelvis to thrust into Dean with as much force as he could bring up. Dean choked on his own breaths and his eyes rolled to the back of his head. He arched his back and met Castiel's steady deep thrusts with rolls of his hips, lolling in his arms with tortured whines. Castiel loved every minute of it, and the way Dean
"You know, it sounded like you were saying something, but all I can hear are accumulating reasons to get drunk. What do you think?"
“Beautiful, right?” he said with his chesty voice. A sweet surge of devotion rushed through Dean, and he sank down on his knees, right next to Castiel. Cas looked at him rather perplexed when Dean raised a hand to his face and cradled it gently. He looked deeply into Castiel’s eyes with a firm look, sensed how he tensed up a little, how he sucked in a nervous breath.
When they were in his bedroom, Castiel pushed Dean down on his bed and yanked off Dean's jeans and pants and his socks at one go, feeling Dean's burning gaze resting on him. A strange sadness obscured Castiel's mind when he took in Dean's sinful sight on his bed, and when he imagined how he had slept with that unknown woman a few hours ago, knowing she had laid eyes on him in the same way. It petrified his heart and fueled the wrath within him. While Dean lay idly in the sheets, Castiel started undressing with calm movements, stripping in front of Dean – those green, dilated eyes absorbed him, sized him up, and the fascination that seemed to grace Dean's features felt soothing to Castiel, reassured his wrecked heart. He was glad that the hematomas of Alastair's thugs would only appear within the next hours, so Dean wouldn't ask inconvenient questions. Once he was naked, he sat down on the bed and crawled towards Dean on all fours with cautious motions, his eyes never leaving Dean's. It was, as if he was approaching a wild animal, as if he was his prey, and he knew he had to be careful to avoid an escalation of the dangerous situation they were in. Just one false move and all of this could end soon and ugly.
“Yeah, I wanna come home to you guys as soon as I can,” he said. Cas leaned down and kissed his cheek sweetly.
After the arid and hot day yesterday, this Sunday was anything but summery. Ever since the break of dawn it was raining cats and dogs as if the world was ending. The sky was a nightmare of dark clouds not even the sun could struggle through. Dean had always been sensitive to changes in the weather – today, he was feeling it to the bone. All morning long, he had a queasy feeling in his stomach, he had barely managed to eat something. Also, he was getting a real fierce headache. It was gaining strength by the minute, traveling up from his neck to his temples, and spreading all over his scalp. It felt like a jackhammer was having a party in his brain. As a kid, Dean had often suffered from migraine attacks – he still remembered the vicious pain, which had forced him to sleep all day in the dark. Luckily, as an adult, the migraine had suddenly disappeared. But the headaches with every severe weather change had never really gone away…
“Who ever said that I love you?” he joked, Cas’ jaw dropping in momentary bewilderment. Dean snorted with laughter and in the next second, he pressed his lips against Castiel’s, kissing him again and again, not willed to ever let him go again. It didn’t take long, and their cautious caresses became more unrestrained, their breaths turning into low moans and high-pitched sighs. Cas crawled into Dean’s lap and threw his arms around Dean’s neck, holding on to him for dear life as they kissed each other, their heads spinning with elation and desire. And Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s frame and held him tightly, savoring the feeling of holding him again.
In honesty and sincerity, during the following week Castiel had not the luxury to think about Dean and his enticing manner. His head was spinning day and night thanks to a serial offender abducting and molesting small children. He had been hot on the trail of the abuser from Monday to Thursday, and it was frustrating to fail to meet him several times – what had been left behind where shocked traumatized parents and perplexed siblings, too young to understand the occurring crime. No night had passed in which Castiel hadn't have troubles falling asleep – the worried eyes of the bereaved were painted to his retina, their doubts and desperate questions were echoing in his ears. He had felt the urge to answer their questions, to find the SOB who was doing violence to those innocent children and their families – and on Friday they finally caught the bastard in his obscure retreat.
Castiel's apartment was already plunged into the greyish twilight of the nearing night. No lights were lit in the rooms as Dean walked behind Castiel silently. A source of orange, dim light flickered through the ajar door of Castiel's bedroom, apparently that was their aim. They entered the room and Dean stopped dead in his tracks on the threshold, taking in the presented scenery. Castiel had already collapsed into his bed, his arms and legs splayed out comfortably as he lay on his back and contemplated Dean with a serene smile. The room was overloaded with countless burning candles, they were practically everywhere – on the ledge, on the racks (Dean feared for the wooden carvings inwardly), on Castiel's nightstand... Their bouncing, little flames created a cozy atmosphere. Dean felt instantly calm. Though he had to admit Castiel lying in bed so seductively confident with all those candles around... it provided Dean's brain with erotic phantasies. He also couldn't help but blush somewhat embarrassed, the whole scenery looked so ridiculously romantic...
All kinds of naughty ideas sprung to Dean’s mind when he read Castiel’s last question, and he couldn’t help himself.
"Sorry, I guess it's late, and I still have to get the packing done", he excused himself. He sat up and tugged Dean's legs above his thighs, so that they both were able to use the backseat in the most comfortable way.
"It's because you didn't let me have a shower first", Dean groaned, clearly struggling with Castiel's dominance. Castiel disengaged to some degree from Dean's warm body and captivated Dean's eyes with his own, fighting for the upper hand as their wills fought with each other. Unknowingly Castiel let his palm glide over Dean's jaw, over his Adam's apple and down the smooth skin of his throat, feeling Dean gulp anxiously as his thumb brushed over the pulse point of his neck.
“What’s on your mind, honey? Tough day at work?” he asked kindly. Castiel finally looked at him, his eyes focussing on Dean’s handsome features. He must have stared into space for quite some time, his spoon filled with food hanging in the air, half-forgotten in his hand. He caught Dean’s worried look, his tentative smile, and it warmed his heart. He returned the smile easily, winked slowly at his partner. He nodded, then finally tasted the meal Dean had cooked for them. It was spicy but pretty good, so he hummed appreciatively, caused Dean to smirk happily. With his free hand, Dean reached over the table, placed his hand in a shielding manner over Cas’. He could feel the heat of Dean’s fingers, the warm blood pulsating in his veins, against his skin – for a second, their physical connection took all of Castiel’s black thoughts away. He sighed, decided to open up.
Castiel nodded grimly. He also didn’t seem too hopeful regarding the matter. There was a moment of heavy silence, each man clinging to his thoughts.
Dean cut off his frantic rambling, his grasps at straws – he softly said Castiel’s name, and it was enough to stun him to silence. He raised his eyes to Dean’s slowly, half expected to wake up from his nightmare now or that Dean told him it was going to be okay, that they wouldn’t be apart from each other ever again. But Dean only smiled wistfully, sadness dwelt in his deep green, gorgeous eyes. And then Castiel knew that there was no way out of this misery, that all roads led to the same destiny. Dean took a deep inhale, then sighed before he stroked along Castiel’s arm absentmindedly.
The hours of that evening passed with innumerable sweet kisses that burnt their way straight through Dean's heart. He found solace in the way Castiel comforted him with long hugs, how he ran a hand over his scalp time and again, how their lips found to each other with little to no repose. Overall, Dean was too fatigued and devastated to hold his affection back, so he let himself drown in the loveable, worshiping kisses Castiel gave him. It was cathartic to let someone take care of him for once, to let someone try to be the balm to his gaping wounds. He felt it in Castiel's kisses, how much he cared, when their lips glided sensually slow over each other's mouth. Dean was aware of the undying heat those ministrations created in his stomach, it was a profound flame which overpowered him perfectly. He was light-headed, and his cheeks were flushed with boiling blood, as he tilted his head and responded to every of Castiel's kisses eagerly, returning the soft pressure the other caressed him with.
From somewhere nearby, he heard anguished screams for help. He exhaled all the nervousness, pushed his fears and worries aside – he was needed now, he had to function now.
Dean smiled carefully, then pecked his partner’s mouth again to make a point. His counterpart couldn’t resist and kissed Dean back, but now with more passion, less restraint. Before they knew what was happening, they were kissing again, hard and needy, their hands traveling over each other hungrily. Dean smiled into their kisses at last, let go for a second. He leaned his forehead against the other’s and inhaled deeply to get a hold of himself. His partner was a great kisser, made him forget the whole world around him, all its dangers and pains. He could have kissed him forever.
“You’ve got to let me go, Dean. You’ve got to let me go,” she whispered. It felt as if the rug was pulled from under him, as if he was endlessly falling, falling, falling. How could she ask him to do that? How could he ever let her go?
"I guess you're not exactly the type for bubble baths or picnics, right?", he teased to buy some time to think.
Sam obviously was going to make a stand against Dean's words, but Dean compressed his lips tightly and raised his eyebrows, warning Sam wordlessly to try and pick up a fight with him and see where it would lead them. It took one second and Sam swung around and trotted away to the Impala, which was parked a few hundred meters off. Dean heard his Sasquatch-brother's feet rustle through the undergrowth, getting further away with each step. Dean used the brief, secluded moment to devote himself fully to Castiel, who stood patiently and silently next to him, his eyes scanning Dean's features with devotion and honest adoration. Hell, his eyes were practically gleaming with love for Dean. A twitchy smile got the better of Dean and he closed the tiny gap between them and placed his palms on Castiel's cheeks, cupping them mildly. His thumbs brushed over the prominent cheekbones gently, he couldn't help but stare into those lovely, periwinkle blue eyes darting over his features.
They sauntered to the bathroom hand in hand, exchanging wary smiles and knowing, cheeky side glances until Dean felt he had trouble breathing around Castiel. For the second time since they had met they shared the shower again, devoting themselves to soaping the other caringly while white steam emerged from the water jet. Dean thought he could get used to the way Castiel admired his body, how his hands traveled over the length of his chest, arms and stomach absentmindedly. He, on the other hand, couldn't stop caressing him lightly, running a hand through the black wet hair tenderly, stroking over the boney hills of his shoulders. It didn't take long – just a confirming look they gave one another, then Castiel took a step forward – and they embraced, putting their arms around each other's naked back protectively. Dean hid his face against Castiel's throat, and could feel him doing the same. Only when he held him like this or when they made love he felt complete; it was like a half of him was missing when he didn't feel Castiel in his arms. He had gotten dependent on him quicker than he would have thought, and more than he liked to admit. He wanted to declare every of his innermost thoughts to his lover, he wanted to show him how much he needed him, how much he wanted this to last. But no words came over his lips, and he just held Castiel tighter, hoping his body would convey some of his feelings.
“I’m crying because I’m so happy,” Cas explained, gave her a quick look, then he contemplated Dean again.
, Castiel looked even hotter with wet hair…), and they exchanged soft smiles before Dean disappeared and closed the door behind himself.
Dean lays on his back, with Castiel half draped over his body, and he can't stop his fingers sifting through Castiel's hair endlessly. He senses his hot moist breaths bedew his shirt, and it feels simply amazing to have his body weight on him, to let his fingertips perceive the fine soft structure of his hair. For the first time in a long while Dean doesn't feel angry anymore. He wraps his arms around Castiel's sides and presses him firmly against him, and when they both sigh with pleasure, he knows they're both happy.
In the end, he picked out a simple, white button-down shirt, the dark blue suit, shiny black leather shoes, and a red bow tie. He quickly jumped under the shower and rubbed all of the day’s dirt away, soaping himself generously. When he had dressed himself, he put a little gel into his hair and spiked it up somewhat. When he estimated himself in the tall mirror in Bobby’s entry hall, he nodded satisfied, thinking he looked quite alright. Bobby stepped out of the kitchen, sipping on a glass of whiskey when he sized Dean up. He wore a skeptic frown and raised his eyebrows at Dean questioningly.
Taking his leave from Castiel this morning had nearly shattered him, ruined him. He probably was never going to see him again and it served him right. He deserved all the punishment in the world – he had committed a murder, and in doing so, he had hurt the person he loved most. His features hardened as he strutted through the matutinal city, like a drunk man who was looking for a fight, who didn’t care about his fate. With grim determination, he reassured himself that he was doing the right thing, that Castiel would be better off without him. He had a whole life waiting for him, far away from the bloody feud between their families. If that meant Dean had to make this sacrifice of throwing his own life away, so be it. He truly wanted Castiel to be happy and safe; his love for him had made him selfless.
The closer Dean and Castiel approximated each other on an emotional level, the quicker time seemed to pass. The weekend had come like a quick floating river swollen through endless rainfall, and now Dean watched time ooze away, unstoppable. The first flair of panic arose within him when he thought about the laughable, petty two weeks he had left in the rehab, two weeks that would vanish like a mayfly. There was no way to hold on to the days dying away, it were million grains of sands slithering through the gaps of his fingers, and all Dean could do was watch them, in awe of the inevitable: That he would be leaving soon.
“How are you doing, Dean?” Cas asked with honest interest, watching Dean carefully. “It seems you’ve settled in.”
Sam and Jess were finally moving to Sioux Falls, and Dean had marked the moving date in his calendar. Again and again, he had offered his help, but Sam had insisted that Dean sit this one out and let Bobby and their friends handle it. However, Sammy had promised to call in the evening and let Dean know if they were okay and if they needed anything. When they called, Sam sounded happy but exhausted. He told Dean about all the things he had to take care of now and was wracking his brain. Jess was in the 34
“I’ll take my leave. As I said, you can stay in the spare room for tonight. But by the first light of day, you have to be gone.”
"I don't know... I already made you an offer", Castiel replied, though he knew it would be going nowhere. Dean's hands left him and he rolled his eyes annoyed, chuckling humourlessly as he kneaded his temples as if Castiel's words were causing him a headache.
"You told me you used to draw... why aren't you doing it anymore?", Castiel asked, his thoughts entirely captured on Dean alone. He loved the thought that Dean played an instrument as well, it also didn't surprise him to learn he was doing combat sport; he seemed like a guy that could easily accept some punches and deal blows as well. Dean's face fell and he looked down, apparently pondering about Castiel's question.
"It interrogated me, now it knows everything there is to know about me. And... and when you chased it away, it told me it would return and find us both... Just so you know why I have to stand clear of you. I don't want to hurt you."
If they kept continuing these cruel fondlings he would come before they even got to the real thing. It took him quite some willpower, but he let go of himself and Castiel's tempting cock, wiping over his mouth with the back of his hand. He seized the bottle of lube confidently, uncapping it and coating his forefinger and middle finger generously. He searched for Castiel's eyes and once their affectionate glances clashed, he found nothing but commitment there.
Dean laughed humourlessly and leant against the wall, scrutinizing his younger brother with a heartfelt regard. The moment Sam beheld him, Dean detected the lines of pain and disturbance written all over his face as if they had been carved in marble, unyielding and meant for eternity. They remained silent for a while, each of them knowing what the other was thinking, and yet Dean felt the urge to voice his concerns.
For a while they played poker and talked lightly – though Dean was itching to show Sam the awesomeness of the common room and all the foosball tables it harbored, he rather wanted to stay in his room and have Sam all to himself for a few hours. He had missed his company, it felt homely to have him back. His usual flowery odor filled the room and comforted Dean more than he would have thought in the first place. That a nervous tension had gotten a hold of him within the last weeks only occurred to him when he perceived it parting from his body. Suddenly it was easier to breathe, a weight had been lifted from his mind. Sam was here, Sam was safe. Though their overall situation didn't look exactly peachy, Dean was glad to be able to have an unerring eye for his younger brother once more. Of course a part of that disconcerting tension remained, because Castiel wasn't at Dean's side twenty-four-seven, but he hoped, together with Sam, they would eventually get the hang of this...
"We would drive through the country most of the time... get to know a lot of people. We would fight and be fought. You would see all kinds of things, Cas... Brilliant, beautiful things. Things that will frighten you, make you sick. But I will watch over you, I'll take care of you. I'll keep you save... you know, Sammy and I used to share a motel room, but I think he lost that privilege. I want to hold you every night, just like this, and feel your breath..."
„Sure. I have enough space. I have a little storehouse in the yard where we can put your stuff in. Oh, and I also have an old van, that’s big enough for furniture or whatever, you can borrow it. I’m sure Dean will help you with getting and carrying all those things.”
There was a fondness in his look, meant for Dean alone, that overshadowed his quips. Deeply moved, Dean reached out a hand, held Castiel’s back of the head, and regarded him with a piercing look. He nodded, then, couldn’t convey with words what it meant to him that Castiel understood him, truly saw the essence he was made of.
They were both startled by a buzzing noise coming from outside, the roaring of a machine filling the air. It sounded suspiciously like a motorbike, and when they walked out on Bobby’s porch, they were both stunned by the image presenting itself to them: There Cas was on a black motorbike, clad in a heavy leather jacket. He just turned off the engine and dismounted, taking off his white helmet, and his ruffled black hair was uncovered. Dean’s jaw dropped at the given sight – because Cas in this black biker gear was all kinds of roguishly sexy. He was wide-eyed and shell-shocked when Cas walked up to them, grinning from ear to ear while holding his helmet underneath one arm.
"Nah, I'll invite you over to my place and then I'll cook you one of the dishes I tempted you with", Dean laughed. They pulled apart and stared into each other's eyes for a few seconds, both drinking in the mellow gleam sparkling in their irises. Dean brought his thumb to Castiel's jaw and tipped his head, and he kissed Castiel thoroughly and heatedly, leaving Castiel breathless and shuddering against those perfect lips. He moaned appreciatively when Dean's fingers carded through the hair above his temple and when his palm slid to the back of his head to lead him through their lengthy kiss. He was applying just the right amount of pressure that made Castiel move against him, and Castiel thought he would never be able to leave him tonight, to be without his kisses for even an hour.
“So… your parents are asking me to encourage you to finally accept your priesthood and go out into the world.”
"Don't you dare thinking you're alone in this, Cas. Whoever I'm with, you're always there with me. All the fucking time, you're in my head. This is also hard for me, I hate it too. I'm thinking about you all the time, you're the only reason I can even get it up. So don't tell me you're the one who's annoyed that you have to share me, because I'm the one who's getting fucked and exploited!", Dean growled, and he yelled as he spat out the last words, making Castiel flinch from him.
"What kind of sport do you engage in that makes you wear this weird hippie outfit?" Dean joked with a sly grin; he followed Castiel into the kitchen, and Castiel looked back with a wide smile and a fair shimmer appearing in his blue eyes.
"I thought we might find a possibility to see the early indications pointing to demonic appearances. If we recognize a constant signal with all the info we have... we could create a paradigm we can work with in the future. We could predict the knocking on the door before it actually happens!"
Dean got up and carefully sat down next to Cas, the mattress yielding to his weight. He studied Cas with his heart pounding vehemently in his chest. A wide spectrum of emotions was toying with Dean – uncertainty, joy, excitement, fear… He bit down on his bottom lip, wondering what would happen to him and Cas. If there was a chance for them.
Gabe pursed his lips, overdramatizing as he gave Castiel a sad, disappointed look. Castiel sighed at that but couldn't help suppress the smile that tugged at the corners of his mouth. Gabe was sometimes such a childish bastard, an adorable asshole Castiel had grown rather fond of during the years.
A wave of sleepiness washed through him and he yawned. He was getting tired due to all the booze they had downed already, and if he was going to sing karaoke tonight, he better started with it before he was falling asleep.
"I didn't know you were such a cuddler", Sam teased, whereupon Dean muttered "shut up" and leaned in closer to Castiel, making both John and Sam laugh and Castiel smile amusedly. They took a cab home to Castiel's apartment, because they were both tipsy, and assumed they would collect the car the next day.
Nevertheless, Castiel still didn't seem to understand what Dean was feeling for him when they had come back to Earth. He had wanted to stay in purgatory, regardless of the depth of Dean's sentiments for him. Castiel's confession had hurt like a bitch then, and his suicidal tendencies weren't soothing either. Dean has been worried for Castiel's safety and his well-being since he had escaped from purgatory, and all the son of a bitch ever seems to do is run out on him time and again.
Pure bliss overwhelmed Dean then, as he let Castiel kiss him woozy, his words striking a chord with him. Never before had he loved someone so selfishly, never before had someone loved him this fiercely – no matter the consequences. He wrapped his arms around Castiel’s frame, held him closer, as their kisses deepened. They broke apart, stilled for a second as if they were both gauging the weight of the situation.
Suddenly, a roaring sound cut through the oncoming night. It sounded like a big engine, coming closer. Castiel remained unfazed, but Dean was worried. He raised his head to contemplate Cas with a frown, wondering about his lopsided smile.
Branchlets and dry leaves cracked and rustled quietly under their boots. With long, careful strides they approached the object, which was obviously in the middle of a clearing. Dean looked around constantly, making sure no one was here, that they were safe. He saw Sam doing the same, holding his rifle with a tight grip. Better safe than sorry. John's words resounded in Dean's head like a ghostly whisper. Even after his death, he could still hear him. He compressed his lips and kept going. Better safe than sorry, better safe than sorry...
belonged here as well. He gulped heavily and ran a nervous hand through his wet hair. His heart thundered loudly inside him, beat a frantic pace.
Dean’s heart sank to his boots. A painful sting was in his throat, made it hard to breathe. He blinked. Couldn’t make his brain understand. Incredulously, he stared at his brother. Then, a wave of cold fear surged through him, worry for Cas made his heart skip a beat. He felt nauseous with fear. Paired with it came an overwhelming rush of frustration.
After a while, the awkward tension between them all disappeared again, and they continued talking easily. Castiel was just telling them a story about a trial he had to oversee at court, one of his first cases as a new judge a few years ago.
"Uh, I've... well, I've driven on the Golden Gate Bridge, when we were in San Francisco. And no, I didn't wear flowers in my hair", he joked, thinking about Scott McKenzie's song. It was one of the happier remembrances he had; the radio had played some quiet rock song, and for once, John had been in a good mood. Sam had slept in the back seat, and Dean had been sitting next to his dad. He must have been, what, 14 or 15 or so, and it had been summer, a few weeks, which had felt like a proper vacation to them all. The golden sunlight had cut through the thick fog surrounding the bridge in the early morning, while they crossed the sea underneath them. He felt Castiel's contemplative eyes resting on him, eager for more.
In the mornings they trained in the swimming pool in the basement of the clinical center. At that time there were a dozen of other groups in the basin, working on their healing process and injured limbs as well. Castiel and Dean didn't even have to speak about it; they had a mutual agreement to not exchange caresses and kisses when other patients and nursing personnel were around. When Dean had to make his way along a route of bars in the water with extremely strenuous, slow steps though, he always felt Castiel's supporting hand on the bare small of his back. Also, his therapist's hand often grabbed his upper arm and dug into the firm flesh of his triceps, and though it must have looked like a simple gesture to others, Dean could feel the tremor within Castiel's restless fingers. And the encouraging look Castiel gave him,... to Dean it was plainly visible how many more emotions lingered in his soft glance when their eyes met. Though they didn't touch unnecessarily in the pool, Dean could always feel Castiel's hands rested too long on his body when they had to touch after all.
the other man's body collide with their's. Their thighs brushing against each other, their private parts pressing together in the most intimate way, their bellies glued tightly together, and Dean's arms around the small of Castiel's back as well, his fingers drawing idle patterns on his naked skin. Castiel sighed and let his forehead drop against Dean's, feeling the aching throb running through his erection – the sense of Dean's body against his, it was too arousing, too incredible. It was exciting and it seemed so downright trusted, the way they were standing in Dean's bedroom, about to make love to each other, however taking their time to appreciate a simple naked embrace... Castiel thought their bodies were bound together with a threadbare ribbon, mirroring how brittle his heart was becoming whenever he was close to Dean. He had no control left over himself, he was at the mercy of Dean, and if Dean decided to ever break his heart, Castiel would be hopelessly lost.
When their eyes locked, there was utter astonishment in Castiel’s regard. Dean moved closer, he couldn’t wipe the smile from his mouth, and breathed in the warm wet exhales of his lover. Their lips were almost touching, as they breathed together, their eyes darting nervously all over the other man’s features. Castiel’s astonishment turned to pure rapture – Dean saw it just before his lids closed, and when he placed his lips on Cas’, he could sense, taste, kiss his smile.
He had never noticed it because he had never seen them together, but he realized Karen cared about Castiel quite a lot, and that produced a nasty sentiment of possessiveness and jealousy in Dean's heart. It dampened his spirits even more; a melancholic bitterness grew like a deadly cancer within him, burnt through him sickeningly. The ache in his chest was unbearable, he gasped for air like a dying fish out of water. His heart gave out, his knees buckled for a short second. He understood Karen was most likely the better match for Castiel – someone with a normal life, who could give Castiel all the things Dean could never give him: Stability, safety, a shelter.
A subconscious strain left Dean's shoulders, as if a terrible weight had suddenly been lifted from him once he heard Bobby say that. He hadn't been aware how much it had bothered him to know there were still a dozen of demons out there in the countryside. The distant thought had been gnawing on his brain – what would happen if someone found them? If someone walked in on them and was persuaded to destroy the fine line between safety and decay? Now he was sure the folks Bobby knew were trustworthy and experienced enough. Before he could thank Bobby, the beardy man continued talking.
"Making myself useful," he retorted. Then he leaned in and kissed Dean's cheek sweetly, letting his lips linger sensually on Dean's skin, so that he felt the warm puffs of his breaths colliding with his skin. When Castiel pulled back, his cheeks were flushed and his lids heavy with lust – it seemed they both remembered the last erotic night they had spent together. He moved a step forward and brushed his lips over Dean's carefully, his eyes never releasing Dean's from his intense regard. He applied a fine amount of pressure to kiss Dean, and Dean felt his heart flutter excitedly as he responded to the short, passionate kiss. Vividness and something akin to happiness appeared in Castiel's blue irises as he withdrew at last.
Dean was just getting ready to hobble to Castiel's room, when his therapist walked into Dean's room, wearing a dark blue, short jacket. Confused he took in his appearance, wondering why he was wearing the jacket. Weren't they supposed to train any second now? Castiel gave him a broad, heartfelt smile and stroked through his dark, combed hair, apparently nervous.
They spent the evening cooking dinner again, by now making an astonishingly well-attuned team as they shared the work of preparing the food. Bobby didn’t complain about being pampered like this – breakfast
"If you want to, you could come over tomorrow. There are no workouts on weekends because so many patients have visitors. I live nearby, but I could pick you up... and maybe, just maybe, I'll cook you something less healthy," Castiel said – his smile wavered between nervousness and confidence, his tenseness somehow made Dean feel flattered, ensnared even. He couldn't hinder the blush which tainted his whole face and neck thoroughly. If he didn't misunderstand Castiel completely, he wanted to get to know him better – and he couldn't shrug off the idea that it sounded suspiciously like a date.
He repaired the lady’s car right away while she sat in the waiting room with a cup of coffee. When he was done half an hour later, he walked back inside with her to finish the paperwork and payment. With a calm smile, Dean accepted her generous tip and put it in the tip jar.
"I'm sorry, okay? I shouldn't have treated you like that. You're right. Can we hold hands again and get this thing to work?"
“What? Never? I’ll send you some photos. I’ve got a good camera with me, one of the few valuable things I possess,” Cas said kindly. “What about you, what have you been up to?”
“Hey, gorgeous,” Dean smiled at him, and it made Cas smile tiredly. He looked up from under his lashes and contemplated Dean thoughtfully – Dean was just wearing a green shirt and black boxers, nothing unusual. Cas’ eyes traveled all over Dean’s features, an admiring expression lingering in his eyes, and suddenly, Dean felt all kinds of abashed with the appreciation Cas obviously held for him.
“If you need any help, just let me know and I’ll be there,” he offered, even though he knew the answer already.
"You, uh... you get a very different respect for the ocean, when you know it's a few hundred meters beneath you, you know? Especially at that time, we didn't see the water, we just knew it was there. The bridge is always wrapped up in adamant fog in the morning and the evening, so all I could actually see was lush, golden sunlight and white mist, you know? It looked kind of nice, though, ethereal, as if time stood still...", he heard himself say, as he tried to describe it for Castiel, and Castiel's look became incredibly tender. Dean felt his cheeks blush the moment he realised what he had said – when had he become so sappy? He knew it had something to do with Castiel's presence; he blamed those knowing, innocent features... He simply couldn't help but feel accepted and understood in his company, it felt effortless to be himself.
The building Castiel lived in was a white and picturesque and under monumental protection; it had black-framed windows and ornate balconies with black steely rails. It truly looked impressive and well-kept, and when Dean studied the doorbell nameplates, he realized that only five apartments were within this old, imposing building. After pressing the doorbell below, Castiel let him in, and Dean jogged through the staircase, out of breath to some degree when he reached the tier Castiel was living on. Cas stood in the opened door, leaned against the frame, as he invitingly held it open for Dean, a happy smile on his mouth.
and update quicker! Tons of love and have a good weekend – oh, and lets's cross our fingers the next SPN episode will be great!
"Don't worry. You will be fine, the both of you. These things just take some time. I've also faced some dark chapters in my life, like everybody else does at some point, and I muddled through. Don't ask me how, but I did", he ended with a light chuckle, placing a tender smile on Dean's mouth. He was grateful for Castiel's kind words, and how the man pressed his shoulder comfortingly. He thought he could get used to the warm, mellow look Castiel gave him, it set something alight inside his chest. They returned their attention to Dean's leg once more, and Dean let Castiel do some weird stretching exercises. His leg was already trembling, and a piercing pain was rising within his flesh, but he gritted his teeth and kept quiet about it. Castiel stopped after a while, his eyes scrutinizing Dean's features attentively, reading him like an open book. Without words, he lowered Dean's calf carefully and beheld his patient with a long look, while his hands rested on his own bended knees.
Hi ya everyone...! Sorry for the late update...! I promise, next week there will be two chapters posted. A huge thanks to everyone who commented or favored the story so far. I've talked with some of you via PM and that was really delightful – so, if you ever want to PM me, don't hesitate, I won't bite (just a bit *wiggles eyebrows seductively). Also, a lot of thanks again to the lovely Angelphoenixwings14, who beta-read this chapter for me x3 thank you hun, your input is really always appreciated! I've been told the ending of this chapter is sweet...? Let's see!
"Know what your problem is, Dean? You rather think that I let you down, that all of this was a conspiracy – you rather think all of that, than accepting what we had was serious, and that I am still damn serious about it. I know your life has never been exactly 'peachy', like you'd say it, but good things
When Castiel was done, Dean showed him photos of little Mary in return and kept talking about her quirks and what he loved about her. Castiel instantly fell for her, swooned over her cute smooth baby hair, and her chubby little cheeks.
Dean had managed driving home, where he made quick work. He took a cold shower against his fatigue, watched the blood and dirt of the day disappearing in the drain. He was so god damn tired, about to collapse, but he didn’t have time to dwell on his exhaustion: Cas needed him. With fast, thoughtful movements, he raided their closet, packed a bag for Cas’ stay in the hospital. He made sure to get his favorite T-shirt, too – an old, soft cotton shirt in navy blue with the logo of Led Zeppelin. For a second, he paused, brought it to his nose, and deeply inhaled the unique soapy, lemony scent of Cas, felt it widening his chest. The dam finally broke, as realization set in what a horrendous day it had been, how afraid he had been. He breathed against the pain, tried to soothe his frayed nerves, but he couldn’t stop crying into the shirt, Cas’ scent all around him. Damn it. He had come so close to losing him, it was hard to digest.
It was late when Castiel left work this Thursday, and he directed his car unwillingy towards Dean's workplace. A fraction of him even hoped Dean wouldn't be there because of the late hour, and he cursed quite upset when he parked his car on the premises and saw light was shining through a window of the flanking barn. Now that he was here, he had no other choice but to face Dean again, and it permeated him with fear, from head to toe. Cold sweat appeared on his forehead, and his heart thudded wildly in his chest; somehow, it became very difficult to breathe slowly and repeatedly. On wobbly legs he almost tiptoed towards the light, through the night's loneliness, his every thought bent on the man he craved for. Several times he heard a muffled slap coming from the barn, among heavy breathing sounds and grunts. Two male voices talked quite loudly with each other, and Castiel understood they were both enraged and clearly fighting. Maybe he did come at a bad time... He gnawed at his bottom lip and hesitated and stopped dead in his tracks, wondering if he should just leave again. But his curiosity got the better of him, and he found he couldn't restrain his feet as they led him to the window, and he peeped in and thanked whomsoever had left the window slightly open.
Dean tried to envision a future without the feud like he had done before so many countless times. What would their lives look like when this one purpose was finally eliminated? He found it difficult to paint a clear picture in his mind, but a part of him wanted to believe that there was hope, that it could be possible for all of them to find peace. He smiled pensively, fought against the sobriety of his heart.
With a lopsided smirk Castiel had ordered Dean to lay down again, informing him he would be back soon. Dean followed the instruction gladly, for his knees felt weak and too nervous to support his weight any longer. He listened to the sound of Castiel rummaging in the kitchen, glasses clattered suspiciously. Dean couldn't stop but smile hesitantly when Castiel returned with two glasses of whiskey, looking absolutely breath-taking as he walked through the room, only clad in the delicate light of the candles and his dark blue boxer shorts. He lowered himself beside Dean and while Dean lay on the bed with his back, Castiel sat down cross-legged, facing his lover with attentive eyes. The encouraging expression of his regard was all Dean needed to lose his inhibitions, and soon he was telling Castiel everything about his dad, while they sipped on their whiskey from time to time.
“Are you suggesting I’m making this up?” Cas asked, his voice choked with emotion, a fierceness in his face that made Dean congeal. He sighed unhappily. In for a penny, in for a pound. He had started this, so he could also finish it, it was too late to backpedal now. Helplessly he shrugged, tried to act nonchalantly.
For a moment, Dean wondered how Castiel had even ended up with someone like Aaron, and why Aaron hadn’t appreciated Castiel for who he really was, how he had even dared to raise a fist against Castiel. How could one beat up someone so capable, so beautiful? Castiel was super clever; he was a religious man, and a man with morals. He could cook, he could dance, he could play the piano, and he was outrageously skilled regarding chess, poker, and other games. He was someone one could talk with for hours, someone with a functioning, beautiful brain, and Dean loved to converse with him and spend time with him. And on top of all of that, he was breathtakingly handsome, just gorgeous from head to toe, so that Dean wanted to fall down on his knees and worship Castiel and say prayers to him. And after all the pain he had experienced in his life, Castiel wasn’t bitter, just docile and gentle and so damn loveable… It nearly took Dean’s breath away the moment he realized what he was thinking when he caught up with his train of thoughts. He suddenly understood why he was thinking in this way, what his heart was telling him.
Utterly, stupidly in love with him. He longed to wrap him up in his arms now and hold him tightly, only to kiss him again and again, confessing his affection for him with softly whispered words...
"Oh, it's you, Cas... it's you", Dean slurred again and again as if it was a mantra, and it was producing such a heat inside Castiel's stomach, the way he said his name made it difficult to breathe. He knew he should let go and run, run as fast as he could to prevent himself from more heartache than he was already feeling, but he couldn't – he just couldn't. He was tired of running, of denying, and so he held Dean even tighter and kissed his neck and shoulder gingerly, the hunch of his skin's salty taste lingering on his lips like a narcotic, it was making his lips numb.
"I bet our male sex worker friend would miss you. We should absolutely return there this weekend", Gabe suggested casually, squeezing his anti-aggression-softball with one hand, trying to make Castiel look up from the files. Castiel ignored him for a second as he typed in his super-safe password (including digits, special characters and upper-case letters – he passionately hated this password every working day).
The woman told him about her issues with squeaking breaks and asked him if he could have a look at that. Dean shrugged, then looked over to Benny who was working on a car in the adjacent workshop. Sure, he had time. He donned a warm jacket and went outside with her. Soon he examined the car in detail. He knew all about cars, knew how to rebuild them from scratch, how to repair them. They were like a treasure trove to him. It was always like detective work to him to figure out what was wrong with them - never a boring day at work. But this time, it was pretty obvious what was wrong.
“I don’t think you have to apologize to me for anything you did, Dean. If anybody should apologize, it’s me.”
He spoke slowly and clearly, his eyes holding Jack’s firmly to make sure their son understood what he was saying. Jack nodded; a grim expression of determination suddenly appeared on his face. With his nimble fingers, he soon retrieved Dean’s phone from his jeans and dialed 911. Another wave of fatigue and pain suddenly overwhelmed Dean. He had to close his eyes, for the world starting spinning, made him sick. It felt as if he was constantly falling, even though he was lying on the ground. He swallowed down the nausea, breathed labouredly against the sharp pain in his ribcage. Jack’s wobbly voice resounded, as he answered to the operator’s questions. Dean sighed wretchedly, as the pain started to gain the upper hand. It was hard to stay conscious, he seemed to be drifting off already. Then he felt Jack’s timid, warm hand touching the back of his hand, how his fingers stroked along his skin lovingly.
“Castiel,” he said gently, a smile coming to his mouth as he sensed the blessing that came with uttering this angelic name. He noticed how it affected Castiel, to hear his own name said by Dean. Their eyes met, incapable of looking away, they were so mesmerized regarding the other.
“Well, there’s work. I still fix cars or tow junk cars every day, and when I’m not doing that, I’m doing housework… you know, cooking, cleaning. It’s the stupid game of adulthood, which never stops, and once you’re done with one thing, another thing has to be taken care of. And well, going out with Rufus for a beer every once in a while, bowling with Annie Hawkins every fortnight…”
"Gabe, I really think this could evolve into something serious...", Castiel announced quietly, and his heart decided to beat a frantic pace as the realization hit him hard. He and Dean could actually become a couple... He drank in the tender gleam that appeared in Gabe's eyes, and the lopsided smile he gave him, he seemed to be sharing his rapture.
„Go inside and get some ice for your face. I will unload your stuff,” he said. He saw Castiel was about to protest, and he was having none of it.
“If it’s too personal, you don’t have to answer,” Castiel cut him off then, before Dean could even utter a word; Castiel let the cut onions slide into the pan. A sizzling sound filled the kitchen, while the onions browned in the pot. All at once, Dean felt flustered, hesitant, shy even, but he wanted to share this part of him with Castiel, wanted him to know him better, if that even made sense. He breathed against the tension in his chest and shut his lids for a nanosecond, allowing his mind to sort the many different fleeting thoughts. Images of the past rushed before his mind’s eye. He saw a younger version of himself, holding the cold and dead hand of his father. How he had signed up for the police training program, grimness clouding his mind. He blinked against those images and returned to the here and now, finding himself standing in the bright, light-flooded kitchen.
When he lay in bed a few minutes later, he could still hear the sweetest and cleverest compositions his head had ever created, and Dean's kisses were the inspiration for them. He knew he would never be capable to catch those melodies and to commit them to paper – they would never come close to the perfect sounds in his head.
"Well, are you, uh... are you lonely sometimes? Or why did you say it?" They arrived at Castiel's office and walked inside, Castiel shut the door behind Dean and regarded him with a long, pensive look, while they stood there face to face. Dean sensed his knees were going weak, the longer Castiel looked at him like that – he wasn't sure, but he thought he saw something akin to sadness dwelling in the expression of his beautiful blue eyes, and it burdened Dean with a heavy weight to see this gorgeous, young man look so haggard.
When they stood outside on the stairhead, the sun’s luminous rays shone down on them, caught in their hair and lit up their eyes like burning gems. Dean marveled at the light refracting in Castiel’s gorgeous blue eyes, he thought he had never seen a creature so loveable.
"Dean...", he just heard himself beg, and there was so much agony in his voice, that it made his knees weak. Dean just
Castiel returned home a few hours later. He and Jack had talked for a bit on the ride back to the children’s home and some more when he had returned him to his room. Since it was a Sunday, Castiel had quipped Jack probably had to finish his homework for tomorrow – he had been surprised to hear that Jack was a straight-A-student and that he always finished his homework in a jiff. Jack hadn’t sounded arrogant, rather annoyed, when he had told Castiel how bored he was at school, that he always read through all their textbooks beforehand… Clearly, the boy was gifted and under-stimulated; his intelligence seemed weirdly high, Castiel noticed. Paired with his polite, calm behavior, it was hard to believe Jack was only eight years old, he seemed like an old soul to Cas. Jack had also gushed over the books he was currently reading, and when he showed some of them to Castiel, he had been surprised about their mature content and their intricate writing style that even he found arduous to digest.
He is always one step away, Dean muses, as he washes the blood out of his shirt in the sink. One step too far away, just when Dean tries to approach him, the distance to Cas simply becomes this tiny elusiveness, that makes it impossible for Dean to actually reach him, to get through to him. He sighs when he turns the tap off and towels his hands. He catches a glimpse of his self in the mirror, and for a moment he observes his face – no scratch left, no broken nose bone or bruises on his cheek. Cas has healed the outer damage he'd done, and Dean could pretend it has never happened, but he feels sick, sick to the bone. It pains him to remember what Cas had done today, even though Dean knows now he had been controlled by someone to do this to him.
"I did you a favour, my friend. Bought you a little quality time with our fella here", he slurred amusedly.
Dean smiled and nodded understandingly. His stepsister could be a bit of a handful. Her fighting spirit was as strong as her pride – so there was no way she would put up with Anna Capulet mocking her.
“Anyway, they started it, and we ended it. Balthazar got stabbed, but I’m sure he’ll survive. Someone called the cops on us, and yeah, I guess the rest will be in the papers today.”
“I’m only here to say that I’m so sorry for what I’ve done, and that I love you… and to say goodbye.”
“Well, kind of you to visit me, appreciate it. Yeah, you’re right. That was, ugh… Marcy Ward. The new neighbor I told you about the other day.”
, Dean thought woozily. A mighty urge to protect Castiel from even more damage awoke in Dean, and he stomped into the room. Castiel turned around to him, still on the phone, pacing up and down the small room restlessly. Dean stopped in his tracks and beheld Castiel with horror. He looked like a mess. His whole body was trembling, cold sweat was on his brows. He clutched the phone in a tight grip, a tortured look in his eyes. This had gone way too far, Dean decided. He walked up to Castiel and gently took the phone out of his hands, in doing so, his eyes meeting Castiel to ask for his permission. Castiel let go of the phone, absolutely wrecked and at the end of his tether. He nodded subtly, allowing Dean to do whatever he wanted.
Something seemed to break in Sam's eyes, their expression became dull and glassy at the same time. Within the length of a second, Sam's face fell, despite his size he looked terribly small and defeated as his shoulders slumped down and as he averted his gaze. Instantly Dean felt regret about his unkind words, he hadn't meant to upset Sam for things he had forgiven him a long time ago. Gently Dean put a hand on Sam's shoulder and sighed. He needed to fix this, Sam and he were all they had. Also, he had never liked seeing Sam like this – in all those years, Dean had always cheered him up and had taken care of him. That was what big brothers were there for, right?
Castiel was someone he couldn't let go, and their relationship wasn't something Dean intended to throw away – ever.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, and he sounded somewhat bothered by Dean’s presence. His rejection pinched sharply in Dean’s heart, he understood Castiel had wanted solitude after their fight. Gingerly, as if he was afraid he might upset Cas further, Dean placed a placid hand on Cas’ shoulder, gave it a light squeeze. He looked deeply into Cas’ gorgeous blue eyes, couldn’t resist bringing up his other hand and stroke along Cas’ stubbly cheek lovingly.
The drive back home was plunged into welcome laid-back silence, as Dean steered the Impala through the night. The car radio was quietly playing relaxing blues songs. At a red traffic light, Dean risked a side glance to Castiel - he spotted the lingering, little smile on his mouth, the joyful gleam in his eyes brightly reflected by the streetlamps. He was content, even happy, it seemed. Dean was stunned about the transformation Castiel had undergone in just a few weeks – from a devastated, beaten-up survivor of an abusive relationship, to such a tranquil and blissful man, who could smile again and enjoy the little things in life. It made Dean unspeakably happy to see Castiel like this – carefree, unburdened. Castiel noticed his glance and their eyes met, whereupon they both just smiled carefully. The traffic light turned green and Dean put the car into first gear and drove off.
They pulled apart, understanding their craving for each other didn't permit a delay. His lungs were crying for air, as Castiel stood in front of Dean and beheld his lover – Dean was so breathtakingly beautiful... his lips were kiss-swollen and red, his green eyes were hooded with lust, his cheeks were blushed with desire... Gently Castiel touched Dean's opened button-down, and he shoved the sanguine fabric down his broad shoulders, his eyes remaining on Dean's, as he allowed his fingers to stroke over Dean's upper arms and forearms; he loved to feel the goosebumps on Dean's skin, how the little hair stood on end, due to his ghostlike, careful touch. Dean took off his black shirt and threw it away, revealing his taut, upper body, and Castiel's mouth watered as he absorbed the seductive torso in front of him. Before he knew it, he had placed his palms on Dean's pecs and stomach, and he let them roam to have their fill of what they had missed so dearly. Dean's skin was warm and smooth, and he couldn't stop stroking the delves of his ribs, of his protruding hipbones, his eyes were fixed on Dean's upper body all the time. He was so fascinated, he was barely aware that Dean's fingers worked on their own, as they began to unbutton Castiel's soaked, blue short-sleeved shirt skillfully.
What was the point of all those tiny caresses, the way Castiel had ardently hugged him, how their fingers found together time and again? What was the point of all those intimate looks, those private conversations, reciting poetry and behaving absolutely sappy in his company? It had to mean they shared something precious, it had to lead to
Crickets were chirping in the fields and shrubberies, the evening's wind fanned through their hair gently. Castiel
Dean suppressed this train of thought swiftly, harrumphing and acting as if nothing had permeated his mind. Even if he craved for it, he didn't think he could actually act on these wishes. Just the idea of telling it to Castiel, of asking him to take him! What if he didn't like the prospect? What if he preferred Dean penetrating him and the other man suggesting to return the favor was just too uncomfortable for him? Castiel caught some of his brooding looks and sent him one fond smile after the other to cheer Dean up, even though he didn't know what had come over his lover.
All at once, Castiel’s hand was in his hair again, and he pulled Dean’s head up. When Dean looked at him, he couldn’t believe the change which had come over Castiel. He looked gorgeous, tempting, so sensual… his pupils were dilated, his lips puffed from their kisses, and his cheeks were a little reddened. He was panting as he contemplated Dean with nothing but desire, appetite. With a pounding heart, Dean beheld him, wondering how it could be possible for anyone to be this devastatingly handsome.
He was so out of it, he didn't even know what he was doing anymore when he found his body standing up without his permission. The instinct to flee from this intimate talk was so strong, it made him act plainly thoughtlessly, as if he was some marionette-like being controlled by other forces. Somehow he wanted to get away from this weird situation, but an other part of him wanted to stay and tell Castiel everything he had kept on the tip of his tongue for far too long. He stood awkwardly next to Castiel's bed, his back turned to his therapist, hesitating whether he was supposed to stay or run away, for he wanted both. He eyed the countless candles bathing the room in a romantic, lovely light and felt furious tears coming to his eyes once more. He had ruined the evening, he had ruined this date. Why hadn't he simply kept his mouth shut? Maybe it was true that he could solely give physical pleasure, he sucked when it came to talking.
Jack nodded acceptingly as if it was completely ordinary for a stranger to check in on a kid he barely knew. A moment of silence ensued, while Castiel looked around the few square meters of Jack’s room. It was meticulously clean and tidied up. On his desk, his school books were, stacked into a neat pile. A bible was on his nightstand, and there was a wooden crucifix on the wall next to his bed. Castiel sat down on his desk chair and contemplated Jack, who still sat on the bed and now closed his book. He beheld Castiel with an attentive look, intelligent eyes, and smiled carefully.
Dean appeared in front of the shower, stark-naked and unashamed of it as always, and they smiled lovingly at each other; quite naturally, Dean joined Castiel and soaped himself pragmatically, washing away the sweat and the remnants of their last night together. Their eyes met, and Castiel could see the hesitation in Dean's glance, mingled with some mischief and a careful smile. The younger man's look wandered down, checking out Castiel's lean body bluntly, and Castiel felt his cheek redden, as he saw how Dean bit his bottom lip sensually, and as his pupils widened, darkened with lust. Then Dean's eyes fled to his, a sudden horror emerging from his regard, and his hands seized Castiel's hips and held them tightly.
Castiel must have made a noise when he had shuffled with his shoes, unaware of the motion that had escaped his edgy body, and Dean turned around in surprise. His jaw dropped and his eyes widened quite staggered when his green eyes got a hold of Castiel, standing somewhat awkwardly in the room with a shy smile. Castiel saw even from the distance that Dean's look was a bit unfocussed, and he was swaying heavily. Out of the corner of his eyes Castiel detected the bottle of whiskey, whose remnants resembled only a tiny brown puddle. The dazed smile that crept over Dean's features slowly made Castiel understand Dean was very drunk. A part of him reasoned with him to go and leave him alone, he seemed already worn out and Castiel should just be glad he could give him the chance to take a night off – but then Dean walked to him with unsteady steps and his smile was so joyful and honest, reaching the bright gleam of his clear green eyes, that Castiel couldn't move one inch.
Dean smiled when he saw how flustered his closeness made Castiel, how he barely dared to look down into Dean’s eyes. But once he did, he suddenly became all quiet and calm, and a beautiful, honest smile came to Castiel’s kissable lips. He placed his hands on Dean’s, which were still resting on Castiel’s thighs, and squeezed them affirmatively. Now it was Dean’s turn to become a nervous, clumsy mess – he could feel the strength resting in Castiel’s fingers, their warmth, and suddenly, he felt so very near to the other man, was aware of the soft warm breaths he was exhaling. He smelt Castiel’s clean, beguiling scent, and a ball of warmth and heat and electricity jumped up and down in his insides. He looked up into Castiel’s beautiful blue eyes and admired his gorgeous smile, and all he wanted to do at this moment was kiss him.
Dean was planning on staying a little while longer, just for the fun of it. He watched Sam and Jess dancing to a slow song, how Sam whispered something in her ear and made her giggle. Dean shook his head in amusement and emptied his bottle, thinking Sammy might have picked up one or two tricks from his older brother after all.
Dean's gaze became unfocussed, his eyes were welling with tears as he forbid himself to lose control; his whole body was spasm with need and lust, and the urge for relief. He moaned unrestrained now, his head vehemently pressed into the pillow while his hips started buckling up against his fist, searching for wonderful friction.
"That doesn't even go together!", Dean exclaimed, copying Castiel's silly behaviour nonetheless. Mostly pleased Castiel observed Dean eating his roll with sticky rice on top of it, shaking his head and making a disgusted face. Soon they were working their way through each dish, more or less having only a few bites of everything so they wouldn't become impossibly stuffed. Castiel couldn't hold back the appreciative moans coming out of him whenever he tried something new, his taste buds bursting with flavors – Dean was indeed a talented cook, and Castiel wanted to bath in those delicious dishes. While they were chewing and testing the meals, their conversation easily thrived, starting with simple topics, like how their week apart had been. Castiel told Dean about the few points of interest he had seen in South Dakota, and Dean raved about Sam's visit and how good it had been to spend some time with him again, because it felt so familiar to be around somebody he had grown up with. Castiel felt something flicker through him at that, a sore pain filling him, when Anna's smile and her earthly eyes reappeared in his mind; he smiled sadly and pushed those thoughts aside, trying to be happy for Dean instead.
"No, but you don't want to drown, and this is how we do it," Castiel insisted, then he waded through the water once more, with Dean in his arms. Their eyes were glued to one another, and Dean was overwhelmed with the stunning beauty of Castiel's eyes beholding him with affection. The shimmering lights, along with the restless movement in the water, underlined the unique colour of his irises, and they contained a tender, fond hunch as Castiel looked deeply into Dean's eyes. Dean felt as if in a dream, he could sense Castiel's naked, wet skin against his ribcage and hip. His strong, slender fingers digging into the flesh of his side and knee, as he held him pressed against him with gentle force. The fluency of the lukewarm water was all around them, Dean enjoyed the weightlessness, which was the usual side effect of being in a swimming pool. He was absolutely astonished with Castiel's self-assured demeanour, how he held him in his arms and walked with him through the shallower parts of the water, as if it was the most natural thing in the world.
Dean was confused. What did he mean? Benny realized Dean’s lack of understanding and rolled his eyes.
"I know what you've done. I've heard you", Cas says quietly, startling Dean in his movements. Dean meets his eyes, his mouth open in awe, and for a while it's all they do – staring at each other while both of them hear their rapid heartbeats throbbing inside of them like hysterics. Castiel wants to reach out for Dean's hand and hold it in his, wants to intertwine his fingers with Dean's and tell him it's alright, that he understands, that he wants him too. That he needs him too. There are thousands of things on the tip of his tongue, and he tries to work up the courage to admit them to Dean – he wants to tell him he has failed, that he is sorry for ever leaving him. He wants to thank him for taking care of him, he wants to thank him for all his prayers. Before he gets the chance to voice a single syllable, Dean gets up and looks down at Castiel with furious, narrowed eyes.
"Anything else to tell apart from terrible family stories?", Castiel joked and Dean's clear laughter ringing out sounded like sweet music to his ears and he started laughing too, realizing how ridiculous the situation altogether was.
“Yeah, but you didn’t kick his ass, you let him do this to you. All combat sport experience aside,” Bobby voiced what Dean was secretly thinking. At that, Castiel paused for a moment, closing his eyes as if he was battling against a huge wave of pain washing over him. He sighed.
Then Bobby produced something from behind his back and handed it to Dean – it was a small blue envelope, the kind of envelope Dean had last seen ages ago, which were used to put developed photos in. He frowned and laughed mentally, wondered if Bobby would ever transition to the digital era or remain an analog guy forever.
Castiel struggled with himself the better part of Friday evening, however his body worked like a robot as he showered and dressed himself, deeply preoccupied with his thoughts and doubts. It had been meant as a carefree gesture, an excuse to spend more time with Dean, and now it felt like a considerable decision he had made. He felt so very bad for filling Dean's head with fears and anxiety for tonight, so he didn't want to keep him waiting for too long. He checked his appearance in the mirror of his entrance area, his blue eyes darting over his worn-out holey jeans and his baby blue button-down shirt. He found he looked rather like someone who was taking out his girlfriend to a fancy restaurant or a concert than like someone who was driving to a brothel to meet his favourite prostitute. He frowned and sifted a nervous hand through his dark strands, searching for something in his glance, something that would scream "STOP" at him, something that would scold him for the way he felt. But there was solely need written all over his blue eyes, their look appeared desperate and pleading to him, to just GO and stop thinking about it for too long.
„I can’t see us lose again, Dean. Castiel’s winning streak won’t end tonight, I suppose. Why don’t you play a little something for us, hm?”
"She died in a fire when I was four; Sammy was only six months old at that time. Been on the road ever since", he conceded, wondering why he didn't try harder to conceal his true self. It felt so damn good and relieving to talk with someone about it, with someone he knew would understand him, because Castiel had lost his parents too. Castiel approached him and sat down on the bed next to Dean, his hands in his lap; he let his head hang down, briefly he gave Dean a side glance. His blue eyes appeared savage and nervous to Dean.
Huh, they're getting closer each day… next chapter will contain a little more intimacy x3 So, please let me know what you think! It really motivates me to write and post faster xP
They were both panting and their cheeks were coloured with a bright red. Dean's swollen lips looked so kissable, and the frantic look he was giving Castiel made his heart bleed with every thud. He clenched his fingers into a fist to prevent further outbreaks.
Then Castiel kissed him, his lips carefully pressed against Dean’s for a moment. All the voices within Dean’s head became quiet. The raving madness of his heart came to a halt. He concentrated on Castiel’s plump lips, their softness, the raw hunger for Dean resting in his kiss…
The next morning wasn't as pleasant as the night before as reality set in, and after a few minutes of waking up, Castiel understood he had to deal with the consequences sooner or later. Aka Gabe, who would grin at least an entire week about Castiel's behaviour last night, and he would ask personal and intimate questions, and then he would start talking about kinky things, which would make Castiel blush and feel embarrassed. He lay in his bed for a while and stared a the ceiling. Outside rain was falling constantly, and its sound mingled with the tumult in his brain. He dreaded Monday. He really had no appetite for Gabe's knowing looks and his questions. However, he did not regret what he had done yesterday, and a faint smile touched his slightly chapped lips.
“Of course, stupid. I can’t wait to see you again,” Cas ended with a breathy whisper, making goosebumps appear everywhere on Dean’s body, his hair standing on end with electric, overwhelming pleasure. He hummed lowly, loved how good it felt to talk with Cas, to know he would soon live in Sioux Falls again, so close to Dean…
He let his thumb stroke the area above Castiel's hipbone absentmindedly – the other's shirt had rucked up during the night, and Dean loved the sensation of his smooth, warm skin under his fingers. A sting of conscience cut through Dean's mind and heart, and his face contorted with emotional pain. At some point in the coming future, Castiel would be harmed; it was inevitable. Dean still felt sorry for dragging him into this, but now it was too late for them to turn around. He and Castiel were so involved with each other, it was impossible to tear them apart again. Just the remembrance of Castiel being so hurt when Dean had left him a week ago... How dead his eyes had seemed, how pale his face, how broken his body... Now life and joy had returned to Castiel, and Dean swore to himself, he never wanted to see Castiel in that crushed state again. Hell, he would make sure to watch out for him. He would be a shielding palm saving the fire of a small candle in a vast world full of darkness.
Sweeties, I'm a little traumatized right now, because I finished La Grange today, so please bear with my confused blathering... (there will be 39 chapters overall). Now, regarding the last chapter... phew, I received some mixed reactions for it, and I know it was pretty daring, but I'm glad you didn't stone me to death for it haha. Some of you even seemed to like it (lol)! THANK YOU for your amazing reviews, they never fail to make me happy! I hope I can make it up to those who were a little irritated by the last chapter with the next chapter...  X3 blows kisses at you all!
