daughter? Rosie seemed to think so. She would never know Mary and would have a perfectly amazing and fulfilling hodgepodge family, but John would never forget her. Would never forget what Rosie was missing without even knowing it.
In the five seconds that had passed, John and Sherlock had successfully incapacitated two armed intruders. John smirked, proud of them both. He wasn’t slowing down too much, after all.
Detective Gregson was all too happy to see the back of Sherlock and John and graciously offered to do away with the mess they had made of the interview room. They had made a bit of a nest at the Yard to sift through evidence that Gregson insisted was not to leave the station. Finally, after thirty-nine hours on the case, Sherlock was ready to announce his result. They got into a cab and Sherlock instructed the driver to take them to the Times office.
Thompson snorted. “Hardly. He’s more careful than that.”
that again. I swear it.”
the most observant man he’d ever met. If Sherlock saw him that way, perhaps it was true.
“I won’t have this man kill another woman because of
"What's his name?" Sherlock turned back to the microscope.
“Alright, alright,” Lestrade piped up at last. “If you two are finished, Sherlock could you
“What brought that on?” Sherlock asked.
“The chair
“Is Mary alright?”
John almost laughed. “Of course it was. It was extraordinary ‒ quite extraordinary.” His heart was racing a bit as he stared at Sherlock in awe.
“An hotel, I suppose. I’ve made my own money since coming here, John,” he said defensively. “I’ve paid you back ‒ I’m not reliant on your support any longer.”
Sherlock started to pace as he thought. “Who then? Someone important, obviously, and with money – you can’t come cheap.”
But instead of being upset, Sherlock smiled. “I’m supposed to be the detective, John.” John laughed quietly, his breath ghosting out against Sherlock’s collarbone, and Sherlock visibly shivered.
“If you haven’t noticed,” John said in a strained tone, “
wanted to step on your toes, to get in the way of your raising Rosie.” Sherlock ducked his gaze and took a shaky breath. “I love her – really, I do – and I love being here for her, but if she ascribes such importance to me then it is inevitable that at some point, I am going to…” He trailed off and John’s chest tightened. He truly was scared.
John huffed, put down his roll of sale stickers, and said, “What book?”
be a cousin, but you’re a war hero who can’t find a place to live ‒ unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is. Now, who’s Clara?” Sherlock’s cheek pulled upward in a knowing grin as he continued to prattle on at lightning speed. “The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently – this model’s only six months old. Marriage in trouble then – six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left
With both hands in Sherlock's hair, John slid his tongue into Sherlock's open, panting mouth. When he spoke, his voice was rough and thick with arousal. "Sounds like a plan."
A faint click sounded from downstairs and Sherlock darted to his chair, the better to appear uninterested in John’s whereabouts. He placed his feet flat on the floor, then changed his mind and crossed one leg, steepled his fingertips, then gave that up in favour of a discarded newspaper. That was better. Utterly casual.
The door to Molly’s flat closed behind them, John and Sherlock turned to face the battlefield – the dark and dangerous streets of London. “After you, then.”
“You do – you think I’m upset.”
“Michael Stamford,” the man said, drawing Sherlock back from his dangerous thoughts. “Are you a friend of Watson’s?”
“I’m a very intelligent man, John.” Sherlock sat in his own chair, elbows on his knees, leaning forward and staring intently at John. “Try me.” The low timbre of his voice made John’s eyes fall shut.
“Nope.” Sherlock popped the last ‘p’ in that way he did when he was trying to act “casual” or “normal”.
him move like that, when they were naked and in bed, but had never watched from a distance.  Sherlock was practically straddling the stranger's muscular thigh as his hips rolled in rhythm with the music. He had removed his jacket and his crisp white dress shirt was clinging to his muscular chest with sweat. He was gorgeous and completely enthralling. In all of John's days he would never have imagined seeing Sherlock Holmes, the poshest man he knew, grinding in a dark nightclub.
The familiar sight of the hospital finally came into view and the driver pulled the horse-drawn carriage to a stop in front of Henry VIII gate. The people were no more normally attired here and Sherlock’s sense of relief at the sight of the hospital was short-lived. Into the building on the right, which looked precisely the same except for the lack of signage and bicycle racks, Watson led Sherlock through now-unfamiliar corridors and stairways. Gone was the hum of the electric lights, the shine of metal carts and tables, the tinny announcements over the intercom. It was too much ‒ it was all too much…
(See the end of the chapter for
"How dare you?" the detective accused with absolutely no more annoyance in his voice. John grinned and took hold of the steaming mug in Sherlock's hand. Placing the cup on the table behind him, John took up Sherlock's warm hand in his own and stood up straight. He began to move his feet ever-so-slightly, forcing Sherlock to sway with him in the kitchen. "What are you doing?"
"Go," John said, pointing toward the couches.
“Then what is it?”
"I don't really play. Not anymore," John answered. "Clarinet wasn't cool enough for the girls in grade eight, so I started learning the guitar."
” he hissed, disappointment evident on his handsome face. John just gave him a lopsided grin and shrugged in amusement.
as you, she will be incredibly lucky.”
, he’d have kept it. People do – sentiment. But no, he wanted rid of it. He left
"Probably the most famous Hufflepuff out there."
“So it would seem.”
"And the ‘evil’ one?"
"You don't have to tell me." Swiftly turning his head, Sherlock caught the tip of John's middle finger between his teeth. He playfully ran the tip of his tongue around the first knuckle and John's breath hitched. How did he do that? Take a perfectly innocent moment and make it so incredibly sensual? It hardly mattered - John loved it.
“Detective Inspector George Lestrade,” Sherlock interjected, not looking at either of them.
There was another heavy silence before John finally let out a long-held breath.
Nina Simone. John could tell from the set of his eyebrows that he was interrogating the stranger, but he still didn’t like how close they were.
“Your appetite back now the case is over, then?”
The sound that Sherlock let out was unearthly and sent an electric shock directly to John's cock - it was deep, it was loud, it was guttural and raw and John nearly bit through his lip at the sound. Sherlock was rocking as hard as he could back into John's thrusts and he desperately tore at the blankets as John took a firm grip of his hair again. His back curved impossibly far back, Sherlock began to beg again. "
angry if he was going with the bag instead of taking the time to do the leaves. John sidled up behind him where he stood facing the cabinets and wrapped his arms around his husband, leaning drunkenly against his back. He was warm and pleasantly firm beneath John's cheek. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. Really. Tell me about the case."
“I know.” He hadn’t known until just then. He’d wondered, but never asked. It had been obvious to John that Sherlock had not used since his last relapse, but he had honestly always suspected that he had kept a little bit – a security blanket – somewhere in the flat. Apparently not. “I know,” he said again, and Sherlock relaxed a little.
. John held up two fingers and Sherlock nodded in agreement. John put up one finger, made a pausing motion, then pointed to Sherlock before holding up two fingers again and gestured to himself.
His mouth suddenly dry, John swallowed thickly as he ran his eyes over Sherlock. A sleek black suit was clinging to his slim body in a way that made John’s neck flush. Beneath his jacket, Sherlock was painted into an obscenely-tight purple shirt, the collar and top button undone with an air of perfect casualness. Sherlock danced smoothly about the room, grabbing up his mobile from the side table and John felt his eyebrows fly up at the unencumbered view of Sherlock’s pert arse.
“Yes, but you’re not.” Sherlock put out a hand to flag down a cab and gave John a direct look, examining his expression. “You’re clearly very upset by Mary’s death.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, uncomfortable and unsure, so John answered for him. “Come by this evening – after the little madam’s gone to bed – and we’ll be happy to share what we know.” With that, he stood and took Rosie’s other hand. Swinging the little girl between them, Sherlock and John left Lestrade’s office and headed out of the police station. Molly had set up a special tea service and medical examination for Rosie and they were on their way to being late.
“Why ever not?”
He had taken to stitching Sherlock’s wound with a steady hand.
John had worked at the shop for more than a week before he began to feel well and truly bored. There was no sign of the murderer yet, but lots and lots of busy work for a new employee like John. He’d had to take an unpaid holiday from his much more fulfilling job at the surgery to work in a bookshop like some sort of teenager. Bloody Sherlock.
Watson directed him into a carriage and Sherlock climbed inside as though drunk. He put a hand over his astonished mouth and took a steadying breath. 1895, that’s what Watson had said. 1895.
Phew! This chapter got long because I had to lift so much from the script. I'm going to bed now, but tomorrow there will be sex. Stay tuned, lovelies!
, Sherlock." Then, as Sherlock licked his way back up his cock, John found his grip on the handle of the crop again. He raised it up and brought it swiftly down on Sherlock's left arse cheek with a satisfying
Sherlock blinked down at the collar in his hands and swallowed a the surprising lump in his throat.
“Where have you bloody-well been?” John demanded as Sherlock plopped Rosie into her high-chair.
Laying her down on the soft mattress and wrapping her blankets around her, Sherlock leaned down and pressed a gentle kiss to her forehead. She was already so close to sleep, her eyes having drooped shut as the bouncing of his steps lulled her, but she opened her mouth and said around a yawn, “Good night, Papa.”
“No. Air B&B rental – just checked in today.” Sherlock continued his inspection, pulling at the dead woman’s clothing and prodding gently at the deep slash at her throat. His ministrations revealed a second deep gash in her lower abdomen, which he left undisturbed.
"Oh, God, yes."
real to me, Sherlock, and I don’t know if I could manage it if…. You can do that – you can forget things, Sherlock, that are so much more important than you let them be. But I will never forget!”
Anderson’s nostrils flared at that, but John knew it was likely borne of guilt, not anger. “You’re always so
-ed in agreement, his hands flying down to Sherlock's waistband. But Sherlock stopped him, gripping his wrists firmly.
A large portion of this chapter was taken pretty much verbatim from the episode (ASIP) and many thanks go out to Ariane DeVere for their painstaking transcript on LJ. All my love! <3 Diana
“Sherlock Holmes?” Julia looked back at him in surprise. “I didn’t realize…”
“Thank you, sweetheart,” John laughed and kissed her again. With that, he stood, replaced Rosie in the chair and said, “I’ll order Chinese for dinner, shall I?”
“You’ve got kids, have you?” the man asked in surprise.
Arg. I feel like my brain has been trudging through mud this week. This may not be my best work, so kind and constructive criticism is welcome. All my love to you guys.
“The attempt was made, certainly,” Sherlock confirmed, replacing the glass on the bar.
"I know." Obviously. What did that matter?
“Not lucky enough if I’m being detained from my search for a ruthless murderer by a self-important –”
“Rosie goes to the Yard all the time,” Sherlock replied, his eyebrows knitting together in confusion and frustration. “I didn’t think –”
It was all too much. John stood from his chair, then realized he didn’t know what to do so he sat back down. The room was too small. Sherlock was too far away. His heartbeat was thumping in his ears so loudly he couldn’t hear anything else.
He was only twelve. Elderly for an Irish Setter, but Redbeard was exceptional. Mycroft would never convince Sherlock that he was “just a dog”. He could have pulled through, Sherlock knew it. Mycroft didn’t give him a chance. They took him away and put him down and Sherlock could feel his mind beginning to spiral out of control. It wasn’t long before Sherlock found himself looking up at Mycroft from that dingy cushion.
"Childish."
“You won’t.”
"For sure."
Thanks again for sticking with me, guys. <3 Diana
“Obviously.” There was such pain on his face – it was a rare sight, but John of all people could recognize it. John adjusted his grip on Sherlock’s arms, giving him a quick, comforting brush of the sleeves and nodded slightly, asking him to continue. “
“Sherlock?” Lestrade’s voice interrupted John’s steadily-dirtying thoughts and they both turned to look at the Detective Inspector with thinly-veiled annoyance.
John worked his way through the crowd, occasionally showing the photo to someone who wasn't tied up or engaged in some other sexual activity. But the drink in his hand and the heavy bass of the club music made it hard to concentrate. From every side, people were bumping up against him as they writhed and rutted and fucked. His cock was hardening and his head was buzzing. He was quite enjoying this club.
“Pardon me, sir, could you help me to locate a particular book?” It was Bloody Sherlock speaking, as a matter of fact. John merely frowned and tugged at his vest.
John pulled his new vest over his new button up and pinned his name tag to the left side of his chest. He was going undercover. Not very deep undercover, as his name tag still read “John”, but he had to admit it was a rather innocuous name. But at Sherlock’s command, John had gone out and got himself a job at the nearest Waterstones. The idea was that he would be able to observe the killer they were chasing by becoming effectively invisible – no one ever paid attention to the shop worker.
With a relaxed groan, John leaned back on the sofa, container of lo mein in hand, and pressed play on
The carriage jerked into motion and Watson’s voice drew Sherlock out of his reverie. “That’s quite the interesting suit, Mister Holmes.” Sherlock looked down and quickly compared his own ensemble to Watson’s. He was dressed in his usual clothes ‒ bespoke trousers and suit jacket, his favorite plum-colored shirt, Oxford shoes, and his Belstaff coat. Practically a uniform. Armour.
“So there’s hardly any mystery.” Eyes still on the screen, Sherlock snorted. “There was hardly any mystery to begin with.” Despite himself, John smiled.
“We can’t do this,” he panted, taking another step back and extending a hand to maintain distance between them. “I can’t do this, this back and forth, on and off business.” Sherlock heaved a massively inconvenienced sigh and rolled his eyes.
He turned to the soundtrack to a film he had liked for years,
“If you’re going to turn off again the next time you get a case, I don’t think I can ‒ I don’t want to just be waiting for you like some pathetic… I don’t know what.”
“Honestly, Sherlock, if it were just me raising her,
Sherlock had worked it out. And he had brought John here, probably also knowing that this is where they'd end up. The unbelievable tease. How long had he been walking around London with his hole being slowly stretched by that deliciously dirty plug? The idea made John’s cock jump. John took Sherlock's mouth in another searing kiss and pressed the button.
Up next: Christmas at Baker Street. And also, probably sex. ;)
“And just what in the hell were you thinking, dancing on some strange bloke like that?” John demanded, turning his full authority on Sherlock.
“Pardon me, Mr. Celebrity Detective, but I’m the one with the blog,” John answered smartly.
"… Perhaps…"
The evening before, Sherlock had been puttering around the flat with a dressing gown over his (admittedly looser) clothes, and he had looked every inch the eccentric genius John was beginning to suspect he truly was. And the pyjamas he’d tried to pass as jogging pants had clung deliciously to his hips as they made their way around the park.
“Perhaps I should go, then. Leave you free to court as many women as you like without your former lover stalking about the flat.”
“The train should be leaving in two hours, but I still have no idea what is the importance of this particular journey. ‘Save the world’, indeed,” he scoffed.
“Can you feel this?” John gently stretched and turned Sherlock’s foot, eliciting a hiss from the detective on the ground.
“Amazing what people spend their money on, isn’t it?” A soft voice pulled John from his reverie and he did a double-take when he saw the woman standing next to him. She was absolutely gorgeous, with softly curling blonde hair and a gentle face. And she was standing rather close to him, but he was hardly about to complain.
“I know you do.”
“Get out.” They were all shocked by Sherlock’s words, but he repeated them. “Get. Out.” His eyes were dark with unbridled anger and his demeanour was so stiff and quiet that John felt a shiver.
“Here it is,” he said without trying to hide the smugness in his voice. Sherlock flicked the bank record in John’s direction and he took it without looking up. John had been behaving strangely. For the past fourteen hours, ever since he had awoken so suddenly from his accidental nap on the couch, John had barely made eye-contact with Sherlock. He had been curt and quick to anger and his brow had gained an extra furrow. Odd, Sherlock thought, glancing at the other man from the corner of his eye. Perhaps it has something to do with the obviously erotic dream he was having. Sherlock had the presence of mind to pretend to be deep inside his Mind Palace when John went up to his own bedroom, presumably to take care of his obvious erection and sleep some more. Sherlock fastidiously ignored the pang in his chest at the thought of John alone upstairs.
Yes - Jesus
“Murder: An Analysis of its Forms, Conditions, and Causes.”
Sherlock stepped in first and pocketed his mobile. He turned to stare at John as he shut the door and hung up his jacket. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Despite the anger that was always simmering just below the surface of Sherlock’s skin, something about Mycroft’s face, familiar and lined with worry, made Sherlock’s heart swell. Mycroft wouldn’t be there if Sherlock weren’t real. If he didn’t care.
“Must’ve been the bartender,” John put in. “If Dodds was with him all the time and doesn’t remember anyone tampering with Crewe’s glass.” Sherlock stared at him until John started to feel uncomfortable. “Right?”
John reveled in the rush that went through his abdomen and placed his thumb against Sherlock's lower lip, running it along the full flesh until Sherlock opened his mouth. Taking John's thumb into his warm mouth, he sucked lightly and John groaned.
“Sherlock, what….” But he was cut off by a demanding kiss. Sherlock’s tongue traced John’s lower lip until he felt himself moan and let the kiss deepen. Damn, but Sherlock was a marvelous kisser.
before I get another lead on their location!”
“John. Where did you sustain your injury?” John paused.
When John pressed into his lover, it was slow and smooth, like the dance had been, and their hands found each other on the duvet and twisted together deliciously. Sherlock’s hips came up to meet John’s every thrust, their rhythm gradually increasing. Their breathing reached a frantic tempo and John cried out as he came.
. He gave the phone to
“I’m Jack.”
the solar system from his impressive mind – but when Sherlock
“Alright, alright!” Watson put in, his hands between the two men who were gradually advancing on each other. “Gregson ‒ we are leaving now. I will be in touch.” With that, he gripped Sherlock by the bicep and led him up the stone stairs and away from the beach.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why not?”
“John…” Sherlock moaned as John reached his hands up and twisted his fingers into Sherlock’s hair. He pulled John hard against him and but down on his shoulder, burying his cock impossibly deeper as he came into John’s willing body. As he rode out his own orgasm, Sherlock reached down and took a firm grip on John’s dripping erection. He came with an obscene shout before relaxing his entire body against Sherlock’s.
“You’ve got quite the injury here, Mister Holmes. Are you sure you don’t feel ill at all?”
“You’re quite the good dancer, you know?” John said after a quiet moment.
"… and loyal. I think above all else, you're loyal. And so hard-working that you forget to take care of yourself sometimes. All to solve mysteries and save lives, even for people you don't know. And, to your credit, you don't do it for the notoriety. You remind me a lot of Newt Scamander, actually."
Loud, distracting voices shouted from the corridor and Sherlock turned his drowsy gaze toward the sound.
." A moan. Then, "John." An insistence.
“If you do, it will only be as an absolute last resort,” the detective replied, gesturing about. “This place is far too clean – obsessive, really, it reeks of cleanser – and I’m sure Jack would not want you to make a mess here. Otherwise, you might end up with your throat cut, as well. Now, tell me about Danielle.”
“Hello, Rosie-girl!” He stepped swiftly over to her and kissed her on the head. Spotting the Cluedo board, he said, “Ah – or should I say, ‘Hello, Miss Scarlett’?” She beamed and he kissed her again, petting her blonde curls affectionately. To Sherlock, he greeted, “Professor Plum. Ankle up.” Sherlock sighed and raised his wrapped foot onto the corner of the coffee table as instructed.
(See the end of the chapter for
To his right, John saw a wall of equipment - whips, chains, cat-o-nine-tails, the whole gamut. They had dabbled in the past with control and dominance and more than a little bondage, but never in a public forum. John found he quite liked the idea of strangers witnessing him assert his control over this unbelievable man, and his eyes landed on something he knew would arouse Sherlock to no end. He stretched out his left hand and took hold of the black leather riding crop.
"To see what House I belong to."
“John, I -”
"Yes, exactly."
"To which House you belong."
“She threw herself at you!” Sherlock said indignantly. “Asking you to take her out to dinner on the same day that you run into each other.”
has decided to refuse her clothes this morning.” Rosie groaned, a temper building on her round face.
“A bit,” Sherlock admitted. “I… I’m not sure what…”
been attractive, until her killer had sliced out her tongue and tucked it into the top pocket of her blouse. It was lucky for Lestrade and his investigators that Sherlock not only had a good memory for faces, but enough of an imagination to recognise the woman, even after her features had bloated and swollen with the affects of asphyxiation and burst capillaries. It was Julia – or, as she had confided to John, Mary.
“Isn’t it, just?” The look on John’s face clearly indicated that he hoped she would be far more brazen in the future. “I told her I’d call on her this evening, actually. There’s a dancehall in Clerkenwell that’s meant to be a great time ‒ I wonder if she’d like that…”
different.
her father, John. Not me. I don’t want… I’ve
“Jesus…” John looked nearly ready to be ill. “I can’t send you packing because then you’ll just be gone, won’t you? You’ll be gone forever soon enough and it is killing me, Sherlock!” He was shouting, but Sherlock suspected that anger was no longer John’s most prevalent emotion.
“Anderson, we will continue this discourse when our company is not so impressionable,” Sherlock said, all ire for the other man gone at the prospect of somehow upsetting Rosie. John’s heart warmed at his remarkable ability to turn off certain facets of his personality for her benefit. Mouth agape, Anderson looked from Sherlock to John, who merely nodded his consent.
“Better than the hat.” That earned Sherlock a genuine chuckle. They travelled in silence for several more minutes until the car pulled over at Harrod’s on Brompton Road. “She’ll meet you at the Cartier counter.”
Sherlock steered the car off the road and into a patch of gravel on the shoulder, swiftly throwing it into park. With all due haste, Sherlock lowered the driver’s seat to give himself room to lay backward. He shoved his trousers down past his knees as John quickly undid his own, awkwardly toeing off his boots and pulling off his jeans and pants within the limits of his seat. He clambered over the console and placed one leg in either side of Sherlock’s. Gripping the wheel for balance, John gasped as Sherlock spread his arse cheeks before licking his long fingers and pressing hastily against John’s entrance.
"If you can't find someone to undo those buttons for you, you know where to find me." With that, she moved to her next customer and John turned away from the bar. He couldn't help but grin. Just a little.
He had been out with Greg and Mike, watching the match at a pub they liked in Soho and eating an obscene number of chips. While he had not intended to leave as thoroughly pissed as he was, it seemed that his tolerance to strong stout had been greatly weakened since his uni days. Domestic life was perfectly amazing, but a rotation of riotous student do's, it was not. Except for that case a few months back that had earned them the respect of the current medical students' social club and had resulted in John and Sherlock both waking up on a Sunday morning crammed into a pub booth somewhere in St. Alban's after a lock-in wearing nothing but stethoscopes and each other's coats.
"Make your apologies, then."
“The only one in the world.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’ve done it before.” Her eyebrows arched defiantly as she crossed her arms, not backing down from Sherlock’s growing fury.
"You understand that you still need to be punished?" John asked. Sherlock could only nod, but that wasn't good enough. So John snapped the crop against his prick a second and third time, each one harder than the last, until Sherlock was twitching and crying out. "Answer me!" John snapped.
“We’re dealing with a different class of criminal here, John,” Sherlock replied, following John’s gaze out. “Everything is much more discreet – apps and digital currency and all that. Julia only meets in public places and Harrod’s has exemplary security.”
“I think you are,” he said softly, placing both hands on Sherlock’s upper arms. His touch had a much-needed grounding effect and Sherlock sighed. Staring wide-eyed into Sherlock’s face, John continued, “I think I’m ‘Daddy’ and you’re –”
“I like Officer Greg,” Rosie interjected, watching as Sherlock moved his token around the board. “Are you going to help him catch a
, he snapped the crop across the edge of Sherlock's cheekbone and those full lips fell open with a heavy, decadent sigh. It was quieter near the sofas, the speakers all converging on the dance floor, and John could hear Sherlock's moan mingled with the pulsing music and the overwhelm of sound only served to harden his cock to its fullest.
He cleared his throat. This was
He didn’t know how, but he made it back to Baker Street. Damn it. He hadn’t been paying attention to his route, hadn’t been taking note of the nuances of the streets. All of his walking had been for naught. And now the sole of his right shoe was beginning to wear through.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock lowered his voice somewhat menacingly and John turned his attention on the detective, “let me assure you that I can solve this case much faster without your fumbling policemen attempting to stay ahead of me. I will gladly let Scotland Yard take the credit for solving this crime –”
John’s shoulders fell at that and he felt very much as if he had been punched in the stomach. Somehow, he had not thought much about his own Mary in quite some time, and whenever that happened he felt incredibly guilty. The woman in front of him turned to walk away and John managed to say in a choked tone, “Be safe.”
“Call me Sherlock, please. ‘Mister Holmes’ sounds far too much like my brother and I do so hate to be formal.” Watson gave him a lopsided grin.
Sherlock was still tremendously fit - that was obvious to anyone with eyes. What most people - even those he would consider friends - didn't know was that Sherlock was a Master in Judo. John had caught him practising once in the middle of the night when Sherlock had accidentally knocked over a lamp. In a fit of self-conciousness, Sherlock had moved his workouts to the cellar that was 221C, despite John's insistence that it was rather attractive.
“Not since Rosie came here.” Sherlock’s voice was so firm and clipped that John actually jumped a little. Not in all that time? Truly? Not even a little?
She met his gaze with a flirtatious dip of her lashes. “What about me?” John couldn’t keep his eyes from wandering as he marvelled at her – was she aware of how average he was? “Am I pretty enough for you, John?”
“I’m hardly ‘traipsing’,” Sherlock interrupted. “And I’m hardly a ‘
name are you doing?”
“Just keep your eyes on the road.” John took a gentle grip of Sherlock’s bulge, deliciously wrapped in satin pants which were warm from his body heat. He kneaded softly at Sherlock’s crotch and the taller man cleared his throat. Pressing the cruise control button, Sherlock reached down and found the lever to move his seat backward, affording John more - ahem- head room. One hand on the wheel in a remarkably sexy posture, Sherlock dropped his other arm over John’s shoulders as he bent forward and extracted Sherlock’s magnificent erection from his clothes.
Sherlock was instantly incensed, but heard only a blank sort of static in his mind as he attempted to determine why. He and John weren’t… anything. Not anymore. Not ever, really. Just friends with benefits, wasn’t that what young people in his time called it?
(See the end of the chapter for
For a moment, John forgot himself. As the fingers of his right hand wound painfully-tight into Sherlock's curls, he choked out, "
“About a year ago, St. Clair lost most of his money in what seems to be a railroad scheme and had to mortgage the family home in Essex.” He paused and looked down at the papers in confusion. “But how did Janus Enterprises come into it? He didn’t start it up, did he?”
He was right. "Please, Jo -
“Begs?”
With a finger in Sherlock's face, John threatened, "One more word, Sherlock, and you'll regret it."
More than anything, Sherlock was right.
“Yeah ‒ yes. Erm… ready and willing.”
Sherlock was a fantastic dancer.
. They’d just decided that they liked each other – loved each other – kissed once and hopped right on over to co-parenting. What were
“Yeah, yeah, I’ve got it.” John grabbed the book and turned to hand it to Sherlock, but suddenly found himself with a face full of tall, lanky detective. Sherlock had stepped up onto the bottom rung of the ladder and wrapped his arms around John’s chest before he could lose his balance.
“Some people call this wisdom.”
John sighed. “Of course. Where is it?”
and Sherlock cried out unabashedly. "I writhed against a stranger in a nightclub. I straddled his thigh and ground my cock against him." Another, unforgiving
John grinned against Sherlock's skin. "You cheeky bastard."
John was a little surprised. Sherlock usually wasn't quite this subdued. He wasn't tapping his fingers or talking incessantly. He was merely staring out at the road ahead of him, his jaw set with determination and thought. Odd. Oh well. They couldn't all be winners. John turned his gaze back out to the passing countryside.
“Looking for a book. What else?”
Eyes forward, Sherlock said, "You never mentioned playing the guitar."
Sherlock’s memories were fuzzy - mixed up from years of being conditioned to forget and his own futile attempts to remember. It was part of the reason, he had come to recognize, that he had built his Mind Palace in the first place - so no one would be able to take his memories away ever again.
“Sherlock!” he warned.
Wasn’t he playing along just fine? Sherlock thought he knew everything.
“Garlic?” Sherlock was still. “Arsenic?” Sherlock nodded. “Dodds was poisoned, too?”
“Jesus,” John murmured, frustratingly amazed by Sherlock’s very existence. He had absorbed the music like a sponge, the lyrics certainly passing through his mind without notice and implanting this morning’s mood on his brain. And, apparently, selecting a different language option on the way through.
been sleeping rather soundly. The detective tilted his head and observed John like some sort of long, thin owl.
"You're unattached. Just like me."
“I don’t understand,” Sherlock mumbled. Dr. Watson put a gentle hand on his elbow and nodded knowingly.
“But, John
!” His face was wet - he was crying. Sobbing, his body heaving with the sudden influx of emotion.
“Whose baby was it?” Sherlock demanded. “Jack’s?”
of them?
“Four-twenty-five.” Sherlock gave an imperious wave over his shoulder at such trivialities as the time.
"So which would you prefer?"
“The revolver.”
“Your shoulder,” Sherlock elaborated, distracting himself from the sting under John’s needle. “It’s clear that you’ve been injured there. How?”
Sherlock whined and his eyes fell closed again, but he nodded, open-mouthed and panting. "Yes, Captain." He licked his lips and took a steadying breath. "It stays on."
I intended for this chapter to have WAY more plot development than it did. But, you know, sometimes porn just sneaks up on you.
"This conversation is ridiculous."
"Your point?"
“I was looking for Redbeard.” Mycroft sighed.
. John replaced his lips, landing more squarely this time, and took a firm grip of Sherlock's lapels.
Lestrade was, as always, baffled.
“No, it’s not the same th–”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in annoyance. “The girl you murdered four days ago – number twenty-one.”
"They were wrong."
"With your hands there?" John glanced down - his hands were his hands. He wasn't doing anything.
clothes on.
“Not to worry,” Sherlock mumbled, his gaze drifting across the doctor in front of him. Watson was chatting quietly with Stamford about who-knew-what and Sherlock took the opportunity to observe more about his new acquaintance.
Sherlock stifled a grin of his own. "You should come to the lab more often."
“John? Are you ready to go?”
“Don’t sell yourself so short.” John carefully removed Sherlock’s leather Oxford shoe and dress sock before beginning to wrap his ankle tightly. “You’ll find another clue in no time.”
So Sherlock didn’t care one way or the other about classic rock. And John may have ruined this particular trial in his overall experiment.
John was nearly panting as he said, “You need me?”
“Politicians,” Lestrade replied. “Higher-ups in the Brexit party.”
“F-fuck,” Sherlock hissed, his head lolling back against the wallpaper before he dragged John’s mouth back up to meet his again. He took John’s bottom lip between his teeth, let John’s tongue slide into his mouth before hollowing his cheeks and sucking. Sherlock was rapidly forming a plan: drop to his knees, get John’s cock into his mouth, finger himself while he was down there so John could get inside him as soon as possible. Against the wall, or over the arm of the sofa ‒ yes, that would be better…
“Oh, of course.” Sherlock reached into the inside pocket of his suit jacket and produced a reasonable facsimile of a police badge. John had one, as well – they had been a very secret gift from Greg last Christmas, who was tired of having his own badge stolen and Sherlock throwing his name around like confetti.
“Yeah! The ‘volder! In the ballroom!”
A sexy little chapter for your reading pleasure. <3 Diana
But that wasn’t why Sherlock was there - he was there to remember.
“So what did you need to talk to me about?” John turned to Sherlock and crossed his arms across his chest, trying not to become frustrated with the detective. The aisle was blessedly empty but for them, so he felt they could talk rather freely.
"Really, John -"
"Alright, well, what about me, then?"
"You big softie." Sherlock sipped his tea with a very proper expression on his angular face.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked, surprised.
The morning had started pleasantly enough. He'd risen before anyone else, gotten a shower while the water was still hot, and put on some bouncy music at a low volume while he folded bath towels. Then all Hell had broken loose.
“What?” Sherlock was beyond confused. John’s arousal was evident; pupils dilated, cheeks flushed, erection pressing insistently into Sherlock’s upper thigh.
He placed the tongue of the crop against Sherlock's cheekbone and said, "On your knees." With a sharp
“We’d better get back to work,” John murmured. Sherlock nodded, his forehead brushing against John’s.
He glanced down, clearly having forgotten. "Oh. Rosie." He pursed his lips, pretending to be annoyed but actually very amused. "She wanted to 'remind me'," he said with verbal air quotes, "to get her a puppy on the way home." Eyes back on the microscope, he extended his arm to John. He took Sherlock's forearm in hand and turned his head to see a crudely-drawn dog imprinted in thick black marker.
. Something about the song had always infused John with a heady feeling, a want to… well, to fuck, honestly. And seeing Sherlock writhe about the room before him like some sort of unknowing exotic dancer just put him over the edge. So John stood from his chair, grabbed Sherlock's hand, and pulled him toward the bedroom, intent on seeing exactly what those hips could do.
consent to sex.
"Of course, the overly-electronic style of the song was difficult to get used to at first, but -"
“I had to, brother mine,” said Mycroft in that infuriatingly-level tone. “It was for the best.”
All of these swirling thoughts were what caused John to snap irrationally when Sherlock bounded back into the flat with Rosie in his arms that day.
“Ordered the same thing, even. Whiskey on the rocks.”
franchise. "At any rate, I don't care about the context of the song. It's about us."
John was making a thin, whining sound in the back of his throat as he struggled to take in the scene before them. His jaw worked anxiously, his bottom lip folded in, and the fingers of his right hand jumped and clenched in anger. “John?” Sherlock ventured softly, but was answered by John’s swiftly turning his head aside as he struggled to keep his composure.
“Wha‒ yeah, of course she is,” John answered. He held up the bag of takeaway in his hand and gestured into the flat behind Sherlock. “May I?” Stunned into silence ‒ for once ‒ Sherlock stepped back and allowed John entry. In his hand, Sherlock held a pair of tongs which gripped a slowly smoldering cricket ball. “Experiment?”
The dramatic detective was, by this time, spread full-length on the sofa, his nicotine-free electronic cigarette drooping listlessly between two of his long fingers. He was staring up at the ceiling, sighing heavily, and did not look at John when he spoke.
Sherlock was contorted in the most erotic pose John might ever have seen: his legs were spread, his left hand braced against the edge of the table, his back curved almost impossibly far back and his beautiful arse lifted for easier access. John licked his lips as he spread lotion over his erection and committed the image before him to memory.
“Oh, her,” Thompson replied, casually. “The pregnant one.”
like his drinking.”
“No?”
“Sherlock!” A man with greying hair and a tired expression waved at them from beside the bar and John could see the trappings of a crime scene forming. They approached the group of plainclothes officers and the man gave John a bewildered look. “Who’s this?”
faster. John was leaning toward the latter, wanting desperately to forget his earlier sadness. He wanted to forget, too, how much time he had wasted in
"Slytherin - they're also clever, but more ambitious and prideful. They're not all evil, but a load of evil wizards were Slytherins, so there does seem to be a correlation."
The following morning, John was struggling to pull Rosie’s jumper over her constantly-moving head when Sherlock burst into their room. “John! I’ve got a lead from someone in the homeless network, let’s go!”
“But… that’s what we are,” he replied.
“Sherlock’s the killer,” she said confidently to John and he raised his eyebrows in surprise.
"You were twitching your fingers all over the place against your thighs," Sherlock replied. "And flapping the left one up and down. Are you having some sort of fit?"
Thanks for sticking with me so far! I love you all more than I can say! <3 Diana
milk and four sugars.” He placed a second kiss on the knuckles of Sherlock’s other hand. “I know that you studied chemical engineering ‒ whatever that is ‒ at Cambridge; you sneeze more than anyone I’ve ever met around books and dust; you sleep like the dead; you always‒”
This left John curious as to which types of music would elicit which types of dancing. So he put together a playlist of songs he liked and songs he thought Sherlock would like and he set about testing Sherlock's hips.
"Finger yourself," he breathed headily and his mouth went dry as Sherlock moved at once. He pumped a sizeable dollop into his palm, reached behind himself, and smeared it sloppily between his spread cheeks. John's breathing was coming in deep puffs through his nose as he watched Sherlock slide two long fingers into his hole and scissor them open.
?" The detective in his lap grunted a little sound of affirmation, completely nonplused. "How did you get her number?"
“I never would have taken you for such a prude,” John spat. “You don’t know anything about her.”
Sherlock was in the kitchen when
They listened for another moment.
you’re
Sherlock’s chest clenched and all of the heat from the previous moments turned to ice in his veins. “I see. Now that you’ve got Sarah, what do you need to be wasting time with me for? How pleasant for you, to finally have a woman to fawn all over you, someone you can show off in public, even.”
“What are we going there for?” John asked.
. This woman isn’t the guest, she’s a prostitute. John?” Sherlock turned his expectant gaze on the doctor and nodded toward the body. Taking his cue, John knelt down to take a closer look, pulling on a pair of nitrile gloves.
"Twice?" Sherlock gasped wetly.
John was quiet, but his heart rate had eased. Sherlock continued.
“Really?” John replied indignantly.
Through the ground floor of the townhome and into the walled garden, Sherlock and John met Lestrade where he stood over the young woman’s body, covered with a sheet. “Gents,” Lestrade greeted. When he spotted Sherlock’s cane, he said, “What happened to you?”
“You’re with Scotland Yard?”
“Well, I have no evidence to suggest otherwise.” Sherlock gestured blandly down at his cards and Rosie stood in John’s chair to see them better across the coffee table. There lie Colonel Mustard, the dagger, and the conservatory.
"I dunno - it's just something people say. They live next to the kitchens and always seem to be 'going with the flow'."
“Killed a number of young women lately, have you?” Sherlock bit out.
“Mister Holmes?” Sherlock started and realised that Watson had said his name more than once.
Redbeard’s collar. It was new and stiff and much, much smaller. And the itch in his forearms was imaginary. He knew that now. “Yeah, I’m - ah - I’m fine.” John’s eyes flicked down to the item in Sherlock’s hand and back up, concern and affection written all over his face.
“Right – the Minster for…” Sherlock spun around as his mind filtered through faces and names, locations, party alignments, marital status… He emitted a little gasp as the solution came to him. “The Minister for –”
She eyed them, still a little suspicious, and asked, “What do you want with me then? I don’t usually let partners watch without advance notice.”
“What is it?” John put his tools aside and stood upright, looking down at Sherlock with genuine concern.
John started to smiled, but Sherlock's words sank in and he furrowed his eyebrows. "I'm sorry - you
John was sitting in the comfier of the two armchairs reading a text from Harry ‒ riddled with spelling errors ‒ when Sherlock re-entered the parlour. The heels of his shining Oxford shoes clicking sightly on the hardwoods drew John’s gaze up and he nearly did a double-take. Sherlock fully-dressed was as confident and straight-backed as a soldier in his armour, and the glint in his shrewd eyes lit his entire face with excitement.
“Alright,” Thompson cut him off, pointing his gun more directly at Sherlock. “That’s enough talk out of you –”
“– but I will not be subject to any further time-wasting interrogations.” John’s eyebrows were nearly in his hair as he glanced between the detective and the Detective Inspector.
Sherlock nearly jumped when John’s hand landed gently on top of his own where it rested in the seat between them.
A small smile returned to John’s face and Sherlock relaxed at his softened expression. “I believe you will.” He tied off his final stitch and stood back to look Sherlock directly in the eye. “Have you any headache? Any blurry vision or dizziness?”
There was a moment of stunned silence while Lestrade stared down at the nearly-unlimited wealth in his hand before John shifted Rosie in his arms and made for the door. “Where did he get this?”
- running down my throat, Captain.
“I’ll just pop out and get a paper while you finish up, shall I?” Stamford stepped jovially from the room, leaving Sherlock and Watson alone.
The man standing opposite the well-decorated flat had a very casual affect as he pointed a gun at Sherlock.
“A consulting criminal.” John finally met Sherlock’s eye with a wry expression.
"Don't be such a prig, love." John leaned up and kissed Sherlock firmly, his mouth just a little off-center. The song changed, but John couldn't be arsed to keep up with what was playing now - Sherlock was warm and sturdy and he
"… So, you think I'm a Hufflepuff?"
“Self-defence,” Sherlock said flippantly, unloading and dismantling Thompson’s gun. He placed the pieces in a neat row on the coffee table, waiting for Lestrade.
“I know,” he said, not wanting Sherlock to feel pressured. “I know you do.”
“Only with the hideous chartreuse and coral ones.”
“Don’t blow your cover, John.” He could have been imagining it, but John was certain there was a trace of sarcastic mirth in Sherlock’s voice.
“I don’t know who’s been letting you sit up and watch Graham Norton,” John answered in his firm-father voice, “but it is not appropriate and it is far too late.”
“Yeah! Look at it!” She practically leapt into John’s arms, the portrait in her hand, and waved it under Sherlock’s nose. He examined the paper closely.
“You’re always Professor Plum.” John picked Rosie up and took up his chair, holding her in his lap. “A brain in a tight purple shirt.” Rosie giggled at Sherlock’s expression of absolute affrontery.
“It’s a gambit,” Sherlock answered, his eyebrows set with thought. “Putting someone away to make the police complacent.” He ran his fingers over his cheeks, pinching his lips like a fish. Rosie laughed, but he didn’t hear it. “You need to find every single one of Jack’s girls, put them in protective custody until this whole thing is done.”
need you, John,” Sherlock finished, having nearly run out of breath.
“I suppose so,” the doctor said slowly. “What’s happened to you, Sherlock?”
That earned him a sharp
“Possibly.”
” Sherlock repeated John’s words with utmost indignation and a little panic. “John!
“I think he’s dead,” John replied cheekily.
[Bonus:]
!" he choked out, then buried his teeth in Sherlock's shirt, ripping through the crisp linen.
John petted Sherlock's ruined hair and licked away a dribbled of cum from the corner of his mouth before saying, "Let's go home." Sherlock nodded weakly and finally opened his eyes. His gaze landed on the remote, discarded casually on the sofa, then he looked questioningly up at John. "Oh, no," John said, an evil grin taking over his face before he kissed Sherlock again. "It stays on."
"I know." Then he was asleep.
"You know I don't like to…" he trailed off and struggled to maintain eye-contact. That was unusual.
Sherlock’s eyes were so wide, so soft and questioning; his mouth was slightly agape in that way it only was when he was well and truly shocked. He was terrified that John would be so upset that he would take Rosie away. But he could never do that. Not now. Not after all they had moved passed.
at the head before dancing his tongue down the shaft. His tongue slipped out to lap at John's balls, pressing between his testicles to apply a divinely-sinful pressure at the very base of John's erection.
Sherlock cleared his throat and took a calming breath. “You’re right. Of course you’re right.” With that, he reached out and wrapped the collar around the neck of the Scottish Terrier puppy in John’s arms. He couldn’t help but give his soft chin a little scratch. Sherlock arranged the little silver tag so that the name shone in the soft glow of the Christmas lights strung about the flat. “Arthur.”
"I got it the moment you put your keys in the door downstairs."
"I wonder how much a membership to that club costs," John mused, planting tender kisses along Sherlock's neck and shoulders.
“Excuse me?” The smile was dangerous now, John’s eyebrows a little lower, his eyes slightly narrowed, his head tilted just so.
Some of the tension left Sherlock's shoulders as John hugged him tight. "Tomorrow, perhaps. You won't remember anything if I tell you now."
Relapse and rehab. Wash and repeat. Sherlock locked what memories he had in a faraway corridor in his Mind Palace, along with the useless and incapacitating notion of
started, perched on a barstool and typing at lightening speed on his blog - a post about the different residues left behind by the soles of several popular types of trainers - and his head and shoulders immediately began to sway to the easy piano rhythm. He did type a smidge faster, but other than that, there was no real reaction.
“So… what? People need crime doing and they drop a line to Brook to see if he’s available?”
“Well, you don’t have to,” he replied flippantly. Sherlock stood from the armchair he had taken up by the fireplace and buttoned his suit jacket. He had been waiting for quite some time. The man’s eyebrows lowered. “Where’s Jack?”
“Aren’t there rather a lot of painfully strict rules about courtship and etiquette in this time?”
John sighs and turns his attention back to the kettle. "Two sugars?"
"Don't be ridiculous, John."
"Other people don't use me as a human experiment and set me loose into a lab knowing very well that I am drugged and terrified! Actually, most people would consider that bad manners."
"Thanks for that, Sherlock. Great to know you're gay." He says sarcastically, an ice-cold bite in his tone. Sherlock pulls himself off of the wall and straightens his shirt.
John smirks. "Pretty damn smart, then."
It will be anything but.
"You didn't do anything. It was just…old things. Coming up. That happens." Damn it, his hand is still trembling. It's not even real. �"Like what?" There's a hint of desperation in Sherlock's voice. He wants to know how to fix it. How to solve it. Just like everything.
"Other people don't carelessly chuck aside my friends and girlfriends because they can't stand not to be the center of attention." John hisses, and Sherlock flinches a little at the sting of those words.
“I mean…you can cope with me.”
Sherlock almost smiles, but John is still going.
"Breathe, John. In through the nose and out through the mouth." Sherlock is scanning through his invisible information again. John tries to inhale and fails.
After the year John had had, he wasn't keen on breaking promises.
"Why not tonight?" Sherlock is deducing now, looking John up and down. John makes the mistake of glancing at his phone. Sherlock, as always, notices. He picks it up, because he never asks, and unlocks it immediately. John really should change his password.
“You don’t mean to? You don’t mean to yell at everyone who’s too slow for you, or isn’t interesting enough for you? You just do that by accident?”
“Yes yes, I know.”
"It's nothing."
"But why are you going?" He asks for the fifth time, despite all of John's explanations.
So he did it. When he went to bed that night, he turned on the app and selected a guided meditation called "London Fog" (which he admittedly snorted at). He didn't want to fall asleep. In fact, he was working very hard not to.
"Sherlock-" John tries to calm the wave of frustration rising in him. He can see that frightened, apologetic look threatening to return to Sherlock's eyes. "Sorry. It was um…about you. Mostly." And there it is. The apology, incoming. Sherlock's face has turned down and retreated back. He looks vulnerable, and John hates that he can do that to him. Hates it.
Sherlock narrows his eyes quizzically. "Why wouldn't I let her?"
"What did I do?" His voice is much softer now. It shouldn't be soft. It should be loud and controlling and dramatic and sharp. A knot ties in John's chest. It's his fault.
Sherlock's brow narrows fractionally at this, but John barely cares. There's no stopping him now.
“Why did you want to leave so fast? Are you okay?”
Sherlock danced all the time, really. He danced about the flat, he danced about the crime scene, he danced about the morgue. He had even taught John to dance for his own wedding, something which John now sincerely wished he could undo because Sherlock surely felt very used. But nearly each and every movement made by the tall, lithe detective was a dance, a sway, a swish, his hips somehow always moving at a different pace than the rest of his body.
kissing Sherlock. Sherlock, whose hands made their way just inside the collar of John’s plaid shirt and were teasing at his buttons…
"Well, according to the quiz, I'm a Gryffindor."
“I beg your pardon, but I am the chief detective on this case and I will not have civilians traipsing through ‒”
As it turns out, Sherlock is very into glam rock.
That wasn’t fair, either. Mary had been there and John had been… away.
Sherlock nodded in understanding just as the doorknob began to jostle.
John hissed and jerked awake. His hand, which automatically wrapped into a fist, eased as he stared into Sherlock’s shrewd, jade eyes, mere inches from his own. “What in
Watson gave a small wave to one of the officers who approached them with an expression of mild bewilderment. “Detective Gregson, I’ll be in touch once the postmortem is complete. But right now, I need to take this man to the hospital to be treated for a head injury.”
“Language,” Rosie chided in perfect Mrs. Hudson intonation and Sherlock huffed in annoyance. Taking up the dice in both of her chubby hands, Rosie tossed them onto the board and moved her token into the billiard room. “Ok! I think it was
"You… amaze me," John whispered.
“Can…” John shuffled his feet, “can we call her ‘Julia’?”
There was only one company employee not in attendance and Sherlock deduced that this must be the person to blame for the leaking information. The case was all-but-solved and he and John took a cab back to Baker Street.
“‘Were’,” Sherlock corrected over the music. The shirtless man was indignant at Sherlock’s cheek.
“Don’t be cross with me!” Sherlock finally snapped back. “I haven’t done anything wrong.”
Sherlock had learned several years ago to obey John’s medical orders, so he took up the cane without any further protest. He hobbled as quickly as possible and John remained a step behind to preserve his fragile ego as they approached the cordoned building where Donovan had established the crime scene.
Sherlock opened the door rather faster than was necessary, actually causing John’s hair to flutter a bit in the breeze it created. “John?”
Sherlock chuckled. “You should see me in the clubs.”
“I reckon so. Bit more brutal than your typical break-and-enter, though.”
“How many, do you reckon?” Lestrade asked, breathing a little easier.
Another murder brings Sherlock and John back to the case.
“She clearly has little left. No need to be concerned.”
Just so you all know -- I've read all of your comments multiple times and they give me life. I don't always reply, but just know that I am absolutely over the moon for each and every kudos and comment. You're my favourite people. <3 Diana
“The, ah…” John looked back at Sherlock from under his own furrowed brows and his mouth screwed up as he struggled to vocalize his feelings. “Julia, she… she told me her real name is Mary.”
“Because now I’m going to have to kill you,” the man said, casually shrugging his shoulders.
“So why does Dodds’ glass have a smell and not Crewe’s?” John wondered aloud.
of the leather against his cheekbone, John added, "And the correct form of address is 'Captain'." Sherlock's eyes slipped closed; John knew how much it aroused Sherlock when he pulled rank.
"How did - it doesn’t matter." John shook his head in disbelief - of
“You can and you will.” The detective swept his coat from the back of the chair and wrapped it around himself with an unnecessary flourish. “Call me when I need to testify.” With that, Sherlock strode from the office, his nose buried in his mobile as he walked.
“Now, I never told you that,” Sherlock said with an accusatory finger pointed in John’s direction. “I never tell anybody.”
“You’re much prettier than this,” he said matter-of-factly. Rosie was not phased by this statement.
“Wait just a moment,” he insisted. “There are still three other suspects to consider, not to mention their weapons and locations of choice.”
slow.
That made John’s heart constrict. “No – no. It wasn’t you – that was… fine.” More than fine, but he wasn’t going to say that.
“You think you’re going to…
this?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dammit, Sherlock, get it yourself.”
Sherlock's arms were shaking as John relaxed along the curve of his back, exhausted from his prolonged pleasure. After a brief moment of breath-catching and skin-cooling, John pulled easily out of Sherlock' body and flopped over onto his side, pulling the other man against his chest in a panting embrace. Their breathing eased as John caressed Sherlock's body, his over-sensitive skin jumping under John's soft touch.
“I believe so,” Lestrade confirmed. “Why?” Sherlock held out the glass for John to smell and he did so.
. "Cap-Captain?"
"That wasn't just me."
Curious, John went back to the radio and slowly turned the volume down.
A short chapter, I know, especially given that it's been so long since I've updated. But teaching really takes it out of a person! *Phew* Christmas hols are coming up, though, so hopefully I'll get a chance to write a lot more. Maybe even finish. *fingers crossed* As always, all my love. <3 Diana
"But you've picked one out, haven't you?" Sherlock cleared his throat.
The deafening
“No, obviously not, I just met her.”
They had to slow down or either go much,
Eurus had said that they never had a dog, but that wasn’t exactly true. She was already gone - she hadn’t known Redbeard. And Sherlock had been all-too-keen to forget her after what she did. Truly, he hadn’t intended to forget her so entirely, but Mycroft had latched onto the notion and ensured it “for Sherlock’s own good”. He had done the same when Redbeard had fallen ill.
And then - John.
"I dunno… That's a good question."
“Completely brilliant.” He ran his tongue over his smiling lips and saw Sherlock’s eyes dart down to his mouth at the motion. Lestrade said something before turning back to his team, but John couldn’t be arsed to listen. Instead, he stared up at Sherlock and pulled his bottom lip between his teeth, wishing it were Sherlock’s unreal mouth against his own. Little else occupied his mind at that moment other than running his tongue over that sharp Cupid’s bow, his plush bottom lip, that witty tongue swirling around in John’s mouth‒
“Good God,” Lestrade muttered, paling.
“No. Let’s go.” Sherlock spared Lestrade a passing glance and said, “I’ll text you when I find the killer.”
"C'mon," John finally murmured. "Let's go to bed. You can tell me about the case and I promise not to fall asleep in the middle this time." Sherlock
“Just reading. Lost track of time.” He shook the paper vaguely in John’s direction as the other man took off his shoes. “The question is: what are you doing up so late?”
,” he stared deliberately at Rosie as he spoke, “is that is isn’t Miss Scarlett or Colonel Mustard.”
John loved a good road trip - he always had. And being in the car for a few hours at a time always made him a little nostalgic. Growing up, he had listened to countless hours of classic rock - of course, it wasn't classic at the time. It was just rock. Sure, The Kinks and the best of The Ramones were a little before his time. But Blue Oyster Cult, Jefferson Airplane, The Rolling Stones and their ilk were the soundtrack of his youth.
“Go where?”
Sherlock huffed, disliking “chatter” (as he called it) while thinking, but he answered John all the same; he always answered John, no matter what he was doing. “Mummy insisted that Mycroft and I both learn. I was twelve. It was tedious.”
John felt some of Sherlock's hair pop out of their roots, he was gripping so tightly. It felt so marvelous that he was inclined to make Sherlock do it again. So he whipped the crop through the air and brought it down on each of Sherlock's buttocks with unforgiving force. Sherlock groaned harshly before closing his lips and swallowing again, twice.
The next sigh was one of utter annoyance - the nerve of him. But he poured off the couch and onto his feet. Still in his pajamas, he pulled on his peacoat and took Rosie's hand. "
John shrugged and smiled. “I was impressed by your mad skills on the dance floor.”
Sherlock nodded, his eyes wide and heart-wrenchingly open. “And… do you…”
All my love,
This chapter ended up running more than a little long, but it also got more than a little dirty. ;)
Sherlock flipped the mobile in the air and caught it with the same hand so that the back was facing upward. “The engraving,” John said.
More for his own pleasure than for Sherlock's comfort, John swooped down and plunged his tongue into Sherlock's open hole, eliciting a shaking moan from the writhing man beneath him. He lapped greedily at Sherlock's opening until he was sufficiently slick before sitting up, tossing the remote aside, and thrusting forcefully into Sherlock's body.
“Murder: An Analysis of….”
"Why not?"
"Never, Captain," he answered sincerely. John tapped lightly against his erection. Sherlock sucked in a hissing breath and his eyes slipped closed.
“Who was that?” Sherlock asked, ignoring John’s question altogether.
! Who would have something to lose? And what? Their marriage, a family – people don’t murder for that –” Well,
“Well, I don’t particularly care for it, either, but it is what it is.” John sat forward with a stiff groan and rubbed at his eyes. “We can’t let her roam about the city unaccompanied while people are trying to kill her.”
Rosie giggled and held her cards up to her cheery face, failing to hide her delight from him. “It wasn’t me!”
“We’re from the War Office,” the second man ground out, his cheek pressed against the floor and John’s revolver pressed against the back of his head. “We’re looking for Irene Adler.”
The problem with David Bowie - which wasn't really a problem as far as John was concerned, but for the experiment it was - was that his work was too varied. Rockabilly, glam, psychedelic, electronic, dance - the list went on and on. Honestly, it was hardly a wonder that Sherlock Holmes, a tall, thin, strangely-beautiful, high-minded, well-dressed free-thinker would be into such a unique and cerebral artist as David Bowie. But for the purposes of observing Sherlock's dancing hips, Bowie would be difficult. And much to John's general upset, Sherlock did
on your holiday?”
“Yes, I do. It’s our fault she’s dead.” He turned his phone rapidly in his hand, mind racing as he tried to set his emotions aside and focus on finding the parties responsible. It was harder and harder for him to compartmentalise since John had come back into his life. “But I’m going to put a stop to this. Now.”
,” he gestured between them, “I understand. Truly. I haven’t done anything to earn it.”
It never made sense - no part of it made sense. He was forgetting something… he
“Saw it myself,” John confirmed and Lestrade chuckled. “It was a pretty good one, too – coat flapping about like a cape, limbs flailing all over –”
Sherlock threw out a hand and a cab appeared from out of nowhere. He climbed in ahead of John ‒ who did his best not to stare at Sherlock’s arse, though it was practically in his face ‒ and gave the address to the cabbie. They pulled away from the curb and Sherlock immediately began talking. “Why did you let the room upstairs? Why not stay with your brother?”
John gaped at him.
"That didn't take long," John commented.
"What are the Houses?"
John cut him off with another impassioned kiss. He loved how much Sherlock loved her.
Quick little sexy chapter. ;)
“You can likely find an Indian restaurant or two. French, to be sure.”
Sherlock was nearly gagging, but the force of John's pulsations drew rough groans from deep in this throat. Harder and harder, John pumped his hips upward and pulled Sherlock's head down, but Sherlock did not relent. His cock was hitting the back of Sherlock's throat, hot and wet and with unbelievable suction.
Sherlock lets out a scoff. “Well, you did just rant about all of the negative aspects of my personality that you hate.”
"Don't tell anyone."
Sherlock huffs. "Fine, yes."
"What is it?" Sherlock is already going through the app, squinting at the different functions and pressing random icons. �"What do you think?" John presses his tongue to the roof of his mouth and grits his teeth. He knows what's coming.
“Thank you, John. That’s very kind of you.”
John’s face becomes so incredulous, so openly full of disbelief, that Sherlock can almost see Donovan or Anderson written in the widening of his eyes and the slight turn of his mouth.
John won't answer. Can't. He stares at a tiny spot to the right of Sherlock's head. Sherlock is still evaluating. He puts a hand on John's shoulder, and John inhales sharply. Sherlock places his hand against John's cheek and, experimentally, draws his thumb against his jaw. John's shoulders tense. His lips close as tight as he can force them to. Sherlock smirks, barely.
He didn’t feel the need to buy expensive Lush products and treat himself to half a spa at 7am in the morning. And as much as he loved Lady Gaga, he wasn’t cruel enough to subject Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock to his wailing of the entire soundtrack of “A Star is Born”.
“Sherlock.” His voice is a whisper now as he sits and rests his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “Is that really what you think?”
John coughs, and his tea splashes around a bit in his mug. "What? No, I don't."
Greg nods, though there's still suspicion in his face, and continues on the conversation. The thing is, though, John can't forget it.
The smug one returned, probably flipping off his less eloquent thoughts and crossing his legs like Mycroft. Everything. Try everything. John realised that he had been scrubbing his hair with the shampoo for at least ten minutes now and took to rinsing it out, slightly embarrassed. His logic desperately tried to make another argument. Well of course I feel differently about Sherlock! He’s a bloody sociopath and the smartest, most amazing man I’ve ever met! It makes sense!
Sherlock squints, then nods. “I see.”
"Oh." Sherlock tilts his head, reassessing. "You like me."
"I dunno. Might not end well."
Sherlock releases his hands and looks at him. John knows that look. He's deducing.
He didn't want to, at first. It was something his therapist recommended for him. This app called SleepSpace, which supposedly had meditations, songs, and guided exercises to get to bed.
“Importance in the world is of no consequence to me.”
But today was different.
It happens on a walk with Lestrade. Simple enough. They go for one every Wednesday, to talk and rant and, usually, get buzzed on beers at the pub afterwards. They're talking about sex-Greg and Molly have been seeing each other recently-and how they learned about it all. Something Greg said about his primary school education sparked the conversation. Greg asks his friendly question:
Sherlock's eyes narrow. "You were shouting."
"Like…" John wills his mind to think. "Soccer."
He woke up that morning to Sherlock, downstairs in the kitchen, rocking Rosie side-to-side while blowtorching an ear. John almost smiled, but he caught himself. It was too early for smiling. Neither of them could do that yet.
I miss you. Let's have dinner.
John turns to tell Sherlock to leave him alone, but the minute he does, Sherlock is blinking rapidly and appraising him.
"Yes, I told you that."
John can't make words come out of his mouth. He gasps again, trying to get air. Sherlock's eyes widen.
"John."
The less eloquent part of his brain simply answered, oh, fuck.
“Other people aren’t as nice as you.”
The kiss is another experiment. John knows that. Sherlock is trying everything, seeing how things affect John differently. He pulls and bites and makes little noises, all to see what happens. John knows this. He doesn't care. After a few minutes of breathing and sighing, Sherlock pulls away. John feels like he could shatter completely if someone so much as poked him.
John’s jaw clenched and he rounded on him, angry and frustrated. “Why do you say that? Why are my problems so important to you? It makes no sense. Most people just ask if i want a cuppa or if they can do anything about it, and if they can’t, they move on, but not you, Sherlock. You ask and you ask and you act like I am the most important person in the world when I’m not. All I am is a doctor with an important friend.” He stopped and stared at the counter, his breathing coming out a bit strained. There was silence for a few moments. Sherlock took his tea and added four more sugars.
"Hold on a minute, that's not all." John smiles as Sherlock turns to face him, looking apprehensive.
"You're lying. Your breathing has been erratic for the past ten minutes, and you keep squeezing your eyes shut."
This time, John can feel his entire spine coil tightly. "She misses you."
"Yeah, well. Also there was a field, and you and Mary and other people were wearing these red flowers that Rosie picked out for you."
He says it as though it's a question.
John’s head whips back up, eyes wide. “No. No, Sherlock, I want to help you cope. Instead of the drugs.”
Damnit, he's smart. John takes a sip from the water. It's slightly warm. He grimaces and sets it back down.
“Let me,” he says, and Sherlock still doesn’t know what he means. It must be fairly obvious on his face, because John thinks for a moment, clearly reformatting his words.
Sherlock drummed his fingers against the side of his mug for a few moments, watching him. When he received no response, he went to sit at his chair again.
"Yes."
Sherlock presses pause almost instantly. He looks at John, blinking and confused.
Stumbling backward. Falling. Scrambling away and hiding in the corner.
John swallows. If he lies, he'll only hurt him more. And he doesn't want that. He sits back down on his bed and motions for Sherlock to join him. He does so, cautiously. John exhales. Grits his teeth, shakes his head. Pulling it together, just like his dad taught him.
“However-” Sherlock continued, “Your importance to me is of great consequence.”
Sherlock waits. John doesn’t move. “Well, shouldn’t you leave now?”
John can see, in the second after he says it and before Greg responds, Greg's eyes widening and lips parting into a small "oh", like something he's known for a while has been confirmed. John means, of course, that Sherlock has cases that require sexual knowledge sometimes, and, after finding that John was utterly inept at the subject, Sherlock decided to educate him with books and logistics and statistics. But Lestrade doesn't know that.
And then there's the red again. He hears it.
"What kind? "
"Yep." John tries to ignore the fact that he must be blushing. "Therapist recommended it."
"I think you were dead."
"Well then." Sherlock turns and claps his hands, which would be very businesslike if not for the striped pyjamas he's wearing. "Breakfast?"
"Yes, that's it. What about sex has got you all worked up?" Now Sherlock has his hands on the coffee table, leaning in to John's face as though he's trying to dig up his memories and transfer them to his own head.
Sherlock smiles that tiny, secret one he makes when he thinks nobody's looking. "Yes. I think so." He takes John's hand and the two of them walk out of the hotel and straight to the street, where a light mist is hanging in the air. Sherlock glances at him.
John has shoved Sherlock against the wall. Something dangerous is sparkling and cracking and popping through the veins in his body. Sherlock looks like there's been a fault in his hypothesis. John kisses him. Hard. Hands and lips and breath. And, John notes, Sherlock reciprocates. Wraps an arm around his neck and presses in closer. Hell, he even sighs a little. John moves from his mouth to his jaw, kissing along the skin and feeling the sharp bone underneath. Sherlock's eyes flutter shut, and John huffs out a small laugh. He pulls away abruptly, and Sherlock's entire face has turned a pale shade of pink. John notes with a hint of satisfaction that his curls are no longer perfect.
Sherlock scrunches his eyebrows together. "Why not?"
Sherlock blinks. "Well, yes. Actually, it was very helpful in allowing me to learn more about your sexuality, John. I've always thought you were bisexual, and that certainly confirms it. I must thank y-"
"You're a terrible liar."
“Why not?”
"Lestrade said something to you about me. Involving sex. And now you're acting strange and breathing in little bursts." Right when John thinks he's about to meet his doom, Sherlock's phone gets a text message.
John stands and grabs a jumper from his overnight bag. "You sure?"
Sherlock sits up. Considers. "It's about me."
“Yes, that’s what I just said,” Sherlock said impatiently. “Why?”
Shit.
Sherlock is seated in his chair, drinking tea and watching reality television critically. Now, he's turned his gaze to John.
John swallows and exhales. "Yeah. I'm fine. Good."
"You didn't know that until today. You talked about that with him. Not the dating part, though, no. Gavin's not a sentimental man."
“I’m just saying…I know you need a way to cope. But it doesn’t have to be drugs.”
Click. There goes the lock. John feels his heart start to beat faster.
Sherlock gets up from the field, gives his flowers to Rosie. Grabs John's shoulders.
"Are you alright?"
"You want any tea?"
"Yes." John grins, and says, in a mimicry of Sherlock's baritone, "You like me. A lot."
"Sleep Space." He overenunciates, as though he's making room for the words in his mouth. John sighs. There's no point in arguing now.
But his brain won't let it go. And he can't get rid of the idea that Lestrade thinks that that could be their life. The idea that all this time, he and Sherlock could be in a room, breathing and touching and-
Sherlock obeys and turns around. "What is it, did I forget something?"
"Yes." Sherlock picks up his camera phone from the nightstand and checks the time. It's three in the morning. Great. "Are you planning on sleeping again?"
Five hours later, at his desk and typing up another case, he can't forget about it. The implication in Lestrade's tone. The brief image conjured up in John's head.
All he felt was warmth. Love.
"You prefer rugby."
"I have it solved already. I'll email the culprit to Lestrade."
John feels tension settle between his shoulder blades. "Well, for starters, other people don't shoot the wall or stab our mantel when they're bored. Other people don't wake me up in the middle of the night with a question about my childhood."
John flexes his fingers for a moment, trying to relieve the tension in his body. “Whenever you feel like it’s too much, or you can’t handle yourself,” he swallows, “talk to me. I’ll do my best to…help.”
John lets out a huff. "Because, believe it or not, Sherlock, I do sometimes want to hang out with people that aren't you."
But, he'd made her a promise. One night, John, she had said, just try it for one night and see if it helps.
“Because, John, you are the only person in my life that I have managed to care about. Completely, that is. Mycroft I may care about, but that is truly only halfway. You are the only person-the only one who I-” Sherlock paused. He was struggling to speak too, John realised. Sherlock took a deep breath and straightened his shoulders, looking John straight in the eye.
Sherlock is my best friend-yes, he knew that-but how do I tell the difference between what is platonic and what is romantic? It’s not like I’ve had that much experience. Another thought blew up like a grenade before John could respond to the first.What about the difference between admiration and desire?
"'Course not." Sherlock smiles at him and puts the phone back on the nightstand.
"What for?"
"Other people don't put body parts in the fridge. Not the freezer, the fridge!" John narrows his eyes and tilts his head at Sherlock (in what he doesn't realize is a direct imitation of his condescending father). "You know we put what we eat in the fridge, right? There's this thing called bacteria, and it spreads, Sherlock. Oh, how it spreads."
John, being John, thought it was stupid.
She's dead.
No. No. Sherlock is his best friend. He can't.
John groaned and tried to focus on one. There it was; shooting off in the back of his head in a much more contained, dark area of his brain that resembled a conspiracy theorist’s house. (His head was by far no “mind palace”, he wasn’t that pompous, but it had different sections, like a hospital.) He centred his mind on that thought and there it was, brought to the very front of his brain. He inhaled. This could be bad.
"Is this what you and Lestrade talked about?"
"I'm not telling you."
Sherlock presses a kiss to his forehead. "Pretty damn smart."
Sherlock lets his hand float down to John's waist, then pulls him in quickly. John's eyes snap open, and he can feel his heart drumming out panic in his chest. Sherlock is watching every single expression or flicker of emotion he can find in John's face. He leans down, closer. John feels like his whole body might explode if Sherlock touches him again. His eyes, seemingly of their own will, flit down to Sherlock's lips. Sherlock notices.
Sherlock’s stare became stronger. “The only person I believe I have ever completely cared about, and the only person I believe I have ever...well. Loved, I think is the word.”
A skeptical, more toxic section of his head responded, should people even admire their mates?BOOM, there went another one, quick to answer with its thoughts on the matter. Do I admire Mike Stamford or Greg Lestrade?No, said another one. John winced. This couldn’t be going anywhere good.
The next night, he fell asleep again. And again. And again. And again. Soon enough, the mere sound of the meditations starting made his eyes flutter shut. And every morning, he woke up to Sherlock and Rosie in the kitchen.
“The only one.”
"Because you're obviously not interested, otherwise you would text her back!" John feels a bit of air leave his body. His eyebrows are narrowed, his shoulders are tense, and his hands are curled into fists. Sherlock steps straight into John's personal space-despite the lectures-and takes the phone out of his hand. Then, his entire face widens-his eyes, his mouth, his jaw. John knows that face. It's his realisation face.
“I refuse to have a crush on Sherlock bloody Holmes. We are friends, and we will stay friends, because he does not feel that way about me. I’m not even sure I feel that way about him.”
Sherlock looked a bit taken aback. Slightly put out, actually. “You shouted.”
"Don't deny it. No man kisses his best friend like that, even if it is just for an experiment."
John surged forward and grabbed Sherlock by the lapels of his suit-stupid suit, why did he wear that, it was a Sunday afternoon, for God’s sakes-and firmly pressed his mouth against his.
His logic slapped that aside and suggested, think about others in my life when compared to Sherlock. What is different in my feelings towards him?
That's confusing for a second, until he remembers what Sherlock had to wake him up from.
John clears his throat. “Look, I can’t imagine what it’s like living with your mind. It must be exhausting. But-“
Sherlock appears in a few minutes, looking as proper as ever despite the hour. "There's supposed to be an excellent café a few minutes away. If we're very convincing, they may let us in." �John smiles. Hesitates. "C'mere."
"Wrong." John places his mug on the coffee table and goes to check the fridge. "Did you really not do the shopping while I was out?"
Shit. (Again). John gets out of his chair and walks quickly to the kitchen, hoping Sherlock won't notice how he's walking.
John’s mind was silent for the first time all day. No bullets bouncing around, no grenades, no hospital rooms. Just white noise. Pure emotion.
John’s eyes are softer now, and Sherlock feels a spike of pity for himself.
It starts in their flat.
"Sherlock?"�"Yes, John?"
"You went on a walk with Lestrade today."
They sit in silence for a moment, listening to the soft patter of rain outside. Sherlock stands and opens up the curtains. There's a light fog outside, and the world is dark except for the streetlamp on the sidewalk, casting little rays of orange onto the street.
"I'm going to show you exactly what Lestrade and I talked about."
"Sherlock, don't-"
His logic was still waging a war, recalling scenes from his life in which people assumed he and Sherlock were dating. There were a lot. Damn right, the smug one answered. Wanna know why, dumbass? Because you two are so fucking gay, that everyone can see it but you. Even Sherlock thought you were asking him out when you first met him. His logic didn’t have a good comeback for that one. John angrily stomped his foot on the shower floor and almost slipped. He sighed.
"Come on, John. Inhale."
“Yeah.” John does that awkward, closed lips nod he does when he doesn’t know what to say.”
That was Mary.
"No, God, no. Please, no."
John sees Sherlock tighten, recoil, and blink. Three times. "Ah."
Sherlock must have noticed the change in his sleep, but he didn't say anything. No doubt he'd already worked it out.
Black this time.
"How-" John won't let himself overthink that little detail Sherlock seems to recall without even thinking. "Nevermind. Lestrade likes soccer. Sometimes we have to make sacrifices for our friends."
It's cold. Freezing, actually. The room he's standing in is lit up with electric blue, and there are strange shelves in the walls. He takes a step forward. It resonates with a metallic clang. Inhale. Exhale. His breath climbs up through the vents. He's curious. Those shelves. It creaks as he slides it open. There's a blonde woman lying inside, wearing a big plastic towel over her body. She's sleeping. He touches two fingers to her neck. She doesn't have a pulse.
His pulse quickens.
Sherlock blinked. “John, I am the sociopath, not you.”
That is, until they're standing in front of the door.
John looks after him, shaking his head, and pulls his jumper over his vest. Almost laughs.
"You're smarter than you look."
Mary has a bright red flower in the center of her chest. Sherlock has one in the side of his head, in his stomach. The cabbie's got one in his stomach, too. Moriarty has one in his mouth. Rosie is picking the flowers, placing them on the bodies in the field. She points, as if telling him to look. He doesn't want to look. He feels like he's going to vomit.
It seems that John has exhausted his Important message, and so he once again averts his eyes. Sherlock stares at him, processing. He blinks a few times. Opens his mouth, then closes it.
"You're blushing."
The two of them headed downstairs to the living room. John started to make tea (because despite Sherlock asking, he never made it himself), waiting for their client to arrive.
At this, John’s tone turns from a hornet’s nest to a minor key.
Hell, do I even admire my sister? A concerned part of him asked, should I?
“I don’t mean to-“
“John. Are you alright?”
John feels Sherlock's hand pull him closer. Watches Sherlock lean in, lips parting slightly. And John, regretfully and stupidly, closes his eyes.
Sherlock is still scanning, processing for information. "What did you talk about?" He says it more to himself than to John, but he still answers.
“I don’t hate them.” John lets out a sigh. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t’ve been like that.”
John Watson has a secret.
"Three thirty-one now, at least. There must be somewhere that's open." Sherlock pulls a dress shirt and trousers from his suitcase. "Come on, get dressed."
Sherlock shrinks a little at that, but John's frustrations are already coming out to quickly for him to register that.
"Oh. Yeah. Sorry, didn't mean to wake you up."
"You're still texting her."
But he is.
“The only friend, or…”
is quite the accurate expression."
Before he answered him, he looked around, turned his head to Lestrade and his officers, to the birds in the sky, to the greying hairs on John's head. Only then he could lock eyes with him again.
John sighs loudly.
“In my defence-” Sherlock starts, but is interrupted by John raising a finger, ordering him to shut the hell up.
"What do you do all day? Solving mysteries? Are you seeing someone? Maybe ignore that last bit."
"I can't join you, I- Oh,
"And the Woman's devotee."
"You look bored," she said, apparently in no hurry to explain further.
He huffed a laugh. "Protect me? How would you even know what means?"
He gave her a tight smile, not quite knowing what to think about all of this.
The man chuckled, but instead of mockery it sounded like a display of deep regret. He shook his head. "No. I'm working on behalf of my own life. A huge difference, as you may find,
"John!"
. His body has apparently decided to ignore the unsettlement and pump even more blood from his brain into his pulsing cock. He is going absolutely mad like this. All of a sudden, he feels the cold of John’s nose against his shaft and bites his bottom lip so hard that he almost draws blood.
He couldn't feel Sherlock's presence behind him anymore, and as he turned he saw him running to the stage towards a still fighting James Moriarty.
I know this might not have been what you expected to happen in this chapter, but I promise that in the next one Sherlock will finally be filled... with... eternal happiness.... (and John).
The last time he had heard him say his name, he had screamed it with an air of desperation on the battleground. The last time he had heard him say it as gently as today had been in a dream.
"Did you just say I was astounding?"
"Vampyre blood."
"Of course she will. The spiders would never attack her, they are on the same side."
"Your brain," John answered, but it was half a question.
alone before the rest of the alphabet was in sight, he didn't notice when the door of the entrance hall opened again. As he looked up, expecting it to be the waiter with the wine, his mouth went dry.
Now that reduced John to speechlessness. There was such logic in those words that he could not think of a single argument to object to it, and by God, he wasn’t sure he would want to. John had always believed that the value of a human life couldn't be exceeded by anything. That there could be nothing more exceptional, nothing more worth saving. All this time he had never thought to ask himself what that even meant, to be human. To be
"I knew it!" Mrs Hudson exclaimed, spread out her arms and took Sherlock into the caring embrace of a mother. At the sight of it John almost didn't feel disappointed that he would now never know the sound of Sherlock Holmes saying his sorry.
John shoved his way through the crowd while Sherlock quickly balanced over the seating rows of the stand. Suddenly someone was yelling, "That's Sherlock Holmes!" and the people weren't sure whether to scream or to applaud.
It was rare to see or hear of James Moriarty or his six foot plus sized pet Moran. Mary he saw once in a while, mostly to check on her foot or when she was dancing. There was something undeniably fascinating about the way she moved as if in ecstasy and how she would jump through the air, crawl over the floorboards, throw back her head. Her performance had something so distinctively dangerous to it. She felt intimidating if you did not watch her. Made you wonder what she would do if you looked away. She was just so hard to define. John did not trust her one bit.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock."
"This devilish harlot! Oh, John, you must excuse my tongue, but I had hoped she wouldn't go that far."
"Oh. I just thought, for he puts so much trust in you already. How did you two meet, then?"
"Yes, of course!"
That sent a quick smile over Sherlock's lips. "Now that is a good question."
"Hah. But that's something we've all endured today."
"Lestrade!" Sherlock's complaints began to sound like those of a child.
"Is there something funny?"
. She left the stage, but the people kept staring ahead. James Moriarty took her place behind the microphone. He was clapping. A trap.
, John thought.
"I'm so glad to see you!" She closed the distance between them to open her arms and hug him. It was a semi-personal hug, a pat on the back. "Could I persuade you into a dance with me?"
“I’m more than fine with that.”
He had never quite liked Wiggins.
Shortly after he feels John shift above him, sliding his hands down his thighs to open his legs wider. Before Sherlock knows what's happening, he feels the head of his cock inside of him again. The feeling remains the same, groundingly familiar. John pushes forward, pressing Sherlock's legs closer to his chest with each movement, and Sherlock, sweating and trembling, begins to feel a burn bringing him to the edge of pain.
Then John bid her to sit down on the couch, the injury on her foot already obvious to him, now that he had seen the woman walk. Mary Morstan complied, and he caught her round pair of eyes roaming down his body before she stepped around the doctor's couch and seated herself. John rolled up his sleeves to put on a pair of rubber gloves. "Would you mind taking off your shoes and coat, Ms Morstan?"
"Alright," he says. "I think. Yeah, I think I can do that."
"I said I was distracted!" Sherlock snaps back loudly.
"If you operate in this world with a mind aware of magic, people and your surroundings will begin to adjust around you. Once you've been in this orbit, you just keep on revolving. Moriarty, the Woman, me..."
John had learned as much about the soul. He knew it did not lay here buried. He knew it was long gone, off to the place where souls reunited above the clouds. Still, he had brought flowers. A bouquet of pink carnations, neatly bound together. Gently, he let it fall onto the soft earth as he bent down. All things said, he looked over the grave one final time. Nodding once. Breathing in. Breathing out.
Sherlock Holmes. The one made from flesh and blood, the one with his heart shining red from where it was still safely stored away behind his ribcage. And then beneath him, dying, was Sherlock Holmes. The one made from metal and cogs and mechanics. The one who could make his hands into weapons and remove his limbs and organs at will. They appeared to be so interchangeable at first glance but John knew better. So, so much better. Only one of them he knew, had fought for, had fallen for on multiple levels that life allowed.
Sherlock Holmes suddenly wore a teeth-baring smile on his face. It made the skin around his eyes crinkle and form broad laugh lines, transforming his whole appearance. (How could there be laugh lines? How could there be skin?)
Mary crooked a smile and looked at John again as she started to introduce them to each other. "This is Dr John Watson, the man with the magic hands. He fixed me in next to no time." When she looked at the lady again, John noticed that she was watching the two of them with interest. Mary's behaviour did not leave as much room for interpretations as it should have.
"Stop it."
The heat is getting to his head, getting too much, too much like a prison capturing him within hot steam and fire rain. He needs to cool down. But even his attempts to turn down the warm temperature appears to not be helpful in the slightest. The lukewarm water feels like ice dropping down on him from spikes up on the highest mountains, and as much as this thought distracts him for maybe two seconds, his body already starts shivering.
"Ah. So you've met the version of her that remembers what happened."
"What about the box?"
He felt the other Sherlock behind him smiling. "Well done," he whispered.
"Sherlock."
This time, Sherlock knows immediately where the startled moan comes from, and he knows he craves for more. Without thinking, he opens his mouth and John follows in an instant, like a choreography performed a thousand times, lets his tongue push against his own, let them battle for dominance. Although Sherlock doesn't stand a chance in the battle, he doesn't care in the slightest.
"Absolutely not." He shook his head. "There is no control over all the innocent lives it will cost us to have a battle of two fronts play out in a capital that does not belong either of them."
Him. Right there in front of him, and sometimes the detective is like an open book to him. That is all he needs to have.
"You are a doctor," he said, presumably having all the time in the world.
The maniac, humourless smile on her face remained, and she did not blink once as her tongue was vibrating with every word, thick under the weight of her thousand voices. The world turned mad.
," he whispered.
John jumped at hearing another voice just out of the blue. Pressing himself against the bars, he tried to make out who it was that had spoken to him. At first, he didn't see anything. Then a strange figure appeared on the other side, head long and mostly bold, lanky stature and put in a dirty suit that suggested he was here for some time already. He took one hand out of his trouser pocket to adjust the glasses on his nose.
"I have known a good man. My previous commander. One day, he lost everyone. No knight of his troop survived but him. Because of one small mistake, because of one wrong decision he made. It has left him with more than just scars, and he was never the same. So maybe now you understand-"
He tried to distract himself by taking a look at the menu. While he looked through the variety of food, wondering how many deserts could begin with the letter
He could only see Moriarty turning around to embrace Sherlock with open arms and the bloodstained grin of a lunatic. Then his lights went out. A hard blow to the back of his head and he was gone. Down on the floor.
John stops immediately, but he handles it, and he's soft. "Alright. Alright. What do you need?"
"Meet me in an hour. I've got one or two more things to do before. You will know where."
“You don’t want me to be dead.”
A deep baritone voice had spoken to him, rough as if it had not been used in a while, and an underlying rumbling that had sent shivers down John's spine. The fire sent the shadows dancing, which made it hard to tell what was real and what was illusion. When he heard a soft rustling, he held his breath and clenched his hands into fists. His gaze was narrowed down and focused on the wall opposite him. Finally, another movement.
"Oh, spill, Doctor. I can hear you thinking from where I'm sitting. Out with it."
John and Sarah had only gotten to know each other briefly over the last few weeks. He always made sure he was out of the clinic as soon as possible after his shift was over. Not that he didn't like the job. He was very grateful that Stamford had presented this offer to him. Treating patients again, actual human beings with a simple daily routine, it felt ... not bad at first. As though he was needed. Had a purpose somewhere. But after a few days, he was feeling sicker and sicker, the more time he spent within the walls of this doctor's office and had to pretend he was just that. A doctor treating the flu. It felt like he was slowly losing himself within the work that was only meant to fill an unrelenting gap.
He was yet again blaming the wine for the inability to articulate himself more clearly.
Sherlock crouched down beside him. "John, are you alright?"
, so much hope that he doesn’t let himself own.
"He has full control over the room. John, he would kill you."
John tightens his grip. Sherlock whines.
John nodded. Of course, Moriarty could use a poisoner with influence and money on his side. Or, at the very least, in his secret underground quarters. Poison was not only the most dangerous weapon in a coward's hand, it was also the most effective way of controlling the nervous system. It would explain how he was able to numb the nerves enough to keep his victim's alive during their 'modifications'. Through the use of neurotoxins he could manipulate even the sanest of minds. Sherlock was lucky the maniac had not tried his evil hand on his wonderful brain.
Sherlock didn't elaborate on this directly. "What you saw today ... You said you saw a crow in the museum."
Everyone froze while Sherlock's silence said everything. "I never said he didn't want this war. I am saying that he saw the inevitability of it, with it a new world in which he could rule. I could have known sooner that he is a half-bred."
They all sat quietly around the table in the middle of the room. Even Anderson, who held his possibly broken nose in a blood-tainted handkerchief, seemed genuinely shocked.
"Tell me, old boy." Moriarty swung his arm around the other man's shoulders, pulling him closer into his personal space like he was about to tell him a secret. "Do you like fireworks?"
"What are you doing here? Where are we?"
"Only one."
The run and go together sounds surprisingly okay. Tonight I need you to say.
"I trust in your intentions to be of exclusively medical and professional nature, Dr Watson."
"Geoff?" John asked, more annoyed than anything else.
A spark of curiosity lit up within John, but the sentence ended then and there. It turned out that it was Mary, or rather the realisation of having visitors, that had provided Kitty with a sense of self-awareness, and she stepped back. As her eyes turned to Mary, they seemed to brighten instantly.
"Maybe." Lestrade took a long moment to look back and forth between the two of them. "But not all of them."
She began quietly, but there was a power at the back of her throat that made itself known on the notes she drew out on her tongue. Her voice was, like the woman herself, beautiful with a lingering danger to it as it balanced every word like it was dancing on her very chords. Her range was remarkable.
"Oh, yes. I do."
“I’m not so posh anymore now, am I?” he mutters under his breath.
"Dr Watson!"
His face turned more serious, though, and when he spoke again, his voice was lower and somehow softer, as if he was gaining more patience with him. "Yes, this is one of the conditions. The brain is the most high-functioning engine currently accessible to us. There is no machine more intelligent and more complex than a human brain. Extract it and establish new connections similar to nerve cells, there you have a whole and fully developed complex, capable of learning and independent thinking, of storing memories, ideas. Never has it been easier to recreate a human."
together. It's almost too overwhelming for Sherlock to breathe at all, but with shuddering exhales come the smooth strokes of John's thumbs running up and down his hipbones. His nose is tickling the skin right under his jaw, and Sherlock completely freezes when he places a kiss right there. How can something feel so right when it was never meant to be received by someone like him? Affection. Comfort.
"I understand."
To think about this again almost hurts a little. That John could think he has done something wrong, something disappointing, something to be sorry for.
After the first hour had been spent on discussing the most recent casework and Irene's newest career goals – from fortuneteller to politician to singer to nude model (which she had all mastered with perfection) – Sherlock and her often only ended up teasing each other about the most nonchalant things in an order of words that Oscar Wilde would've been proud of. While John loved to listen to Sherlock (and to Sherlock being beaten by someone very clever and equally eloquent) he had come to enjoy his own conversations with Kate a lot. They did have surprisingly much in common, although not as surprising perhaps, as they were both the chosen companions of some mad and mysterious genius.
"Coming?"
"Oh, he has killed already. This is not just about preventing murders. It is also about solving the crimes he has committed in the past. Finding the victims and the place where he keeps the dead bodies. About finding..." He stopped, suddenly worried to say too much.
"Mr Holmes-" – "Mycroft!" Sherlock and John spoke with one tongue.
John has kissed him. John has kissed him on multiple occasions today, more times than would be acceptable to write off as a mistake or an accident. And Sherlock has kissed him, absolutely out of his own control. This should scare him more. They have been kissing –
He spun around so fast that John's eyes struggled to follow his frame, and when he came closer again, he only stopped as their faces were only inches apart. He was looming again. John did not back down, and his dark blue eyes searched light blue.
“Well, that’s wrong and we both know it. I never stop thinking.”
“What do people normally say?”
“Go lie in your bed and think or take a walk ‒”
The song had already elicited a toe-tap from John, who pretended to be reading, but Sherlock made quite an uncomfortable face.
"Bugger research, Sherlock, you want a puppy," John interrupted and Sherlock finally made eye contact.
that man?” Sherlock demanded in frustration, pulling his arm from Watson’s grasp as they marched away.
As always, all my love and kisses. <3 Diana
John gets a surprise gift from Sherlock.
Sherlock had announced his awakening with a cry of "Damn him!" as Lestrade texted to inform him of a turn in an ongoing trial. This caused Rosie to wake and begin chanting, "Damn, damn, damn!" as she clambered from her bed. Sherlock had locked himself in the bathroom while John was left to get Rosie ready for the day.
“Sends a better message. She was getting mouthy.” Thompson’s thumb released the safety mechanism and his pointer finger curled around the trigger. “Rather like you.”
I love you all for sticking with me. I didn't mean for this story to turn into so much of a fix-it, but here we are. <3 Diana
So, given that this chapter is a few days late, I wish that it were longer. But it's Christmas and family is crazy so it's a miracle I've been able to complete a chapter at all. That being said, I still managed to write another little something-something just for Christmas, but that's ADHD for you. Just can't stick to one thing at a time.
“Hey, he came on to me - he wanted it,” the man said forcefully, stepping closer to tower over John. He did not back down.
Surely, this would be the death of him. Eventually. But not today. John pounded unforgivingly into Sherlock's arse, both of them panting and sweating and grunting. His right arm wrapped around the crown of Sherlock's head, pulling him dangerously far back as his fingers digging into his hair. John's balls tightened, his toes curled in his shoes, and his muscles tensed as his orgasm drove through him. "
“Not to worry, Miss,” Sherlock said in his most disarming tone. “I’m John’s partner – you’ve got nothing to fear from me.” His smile was calming and genuine, but John was taken aback when Sherlock placed a gentle hand on John’s knee and leaned slightly against his shoulder. Sitting across from them in the reverse-seat, Julia visibly relaxed and the meaning of Sherlock’s text became clear.
“Miss Adler,” he called out, shouldering his way into the room. “I’m coming in. We’ve got a situation‒” His voice trailed off as he took in his empty bedroom. She was gone.
Love and kisses, Diana
A pain rippled through his stomach and Sherlock realized that he was on his side again, his face pressed into the dirty pillow there.
“Good. Then I can resume my pursuit.” Sherlock put a hand on the ground and made to get up, but John would not release his ankle.
Diana
The shore was swimming a little in Sherlock’s field of vision ‒ there was too much to take in at once. There was not a single officer that he recognised, no medical examiner, no crime tape, no nosey crowd. Wrong ‒ the only word for it was wrong.
“Daddy! Papa!” Rosie bounded back into the room, Lestrade not far behind. He had taken her to get a juice from the special little Rosie-sized refrigerator in the break room while John calmed Sherlock down. “Officer Greg took me to have my picture drawn by the… uh…”
“We was just dancing and I fancied a snog is all,” the man said. He was easily six inches taller than John and rather fit.
"What can I get for you?" she asked, leaning over the bar to better hear John and her ample breasts very nearly spilled out onto the black acrylic surface. Her tongue slipped out over her bottom lip and John watched as her barbell piercing
“Your phone.” Sherlock turned his palm up, asking, and John dug his mobile from his pocket and handed it over. “It’s expensive ‒ e-mail enabled, MP3 player ‒ but you’re looking for an AirBNB – you wouldn’t waste money on this. It’s a gift, then.” John stared down at the phone in Sherlock’s long fingers as if it had been keeping secrets from him. “Scratched from being in the same pocket as keys and coins. Unlikely you’d treat your one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. Next bit’s easy. You know it already.”
“You don’t reckon Dodds did it?” suggested Lestrade.
Don't think I've mentioned before, but, as always, I get my direct quotes from Ariane DeVere's lovingly-captured episode transcripts. Can't thank you enough, Ariane! https://arianedevere.livejournal.com/
"To like that song so much," John continued, "because it reminds you of us. It's sweet."
It was such a small amount of blood, really, but enough to affirm that Sherlock was really and truly still there. Not a figment of his own imagination.
“Welcome basket on the kitchen counter, travel-sized toiletries, freshly wiped bathroom surfaces – shower not scrubbed – and re-made bed. Didn’t change the sheets – owner needs to hire a better cleaning service. Guest checked in via the app this afternoon, but he’s still out to dinner.”
“Shanghai Palace,” they replied in unison, both focused again on the game. Out of curiosity, John took up the tiny manila envelope and peeked inside. Professor Plum with the revolver in the ballroom.
