Dean crossed the backyard, greeting Garth on his way to replace him on the south watchtower.
“It’s complicated,” Cas murmured.
And that storm was coming, sooner or later.
“Yeah, he—” Dean started to point but realized the space where the stranger stood before was now empty. “What th—” Dean’s eyes darted around before landing on the open door leading to one of the master bedrooms. The room was quiet and otherwise undisturbed save for the sun-bleached purple curtains flapping against the cracked window on the back wall before the stranger came into view and unceremoniously threw them open. He stepped on the window sill, taking one last glance at Dean before leaping forward.
A ragged gasp slipped from Dean when he felt Cas’ pace slowing. “I want this to last,” Cas confessed before sucking on Dean’s neck as he sunk deep into him.
“What’s there to like? For now, we just need to survive. Everything else is… irrelevant.”
Dean prepared the drink and placed it in front of Castiel, opening a beer for himself before tipping his bottle to Castiel’s glass with a clink.
Dean carded his fingers over his own hair, a pinkish heat staining his cheeks. “Actually,
“Bees?”
The hot-white pain pressed against Dean’s throat, racing back to his heart like wildfire. Dean exhaled, panicked, then gulped in a mouthful of air. “Mommy, don’t leave me.”
They crossed the hallways at a slow, staggering pace, calmly moving up the stairs as Cas did most of the work.
“Can you call him? Sam too, I wanna see them.”
The interior was made of soft colors, a dark-wooden floor framed by fading rustic stone walls with chestnut brown tables, each with cream-colored tablecloths on them and randomly shaped candles on top. Every table maintained a safe distance from the others; Dean always hated cramped spaces, so he quite enjoyed the sense of privacy the café offered.
“Damn it, Cas, promise you’ll do it!”
Cas pulled away from Dean’s arms, sitting up straight on the bed, and it immediately felt like a loss. “I don’t understand why you’d give your life for me,” he murmured, expression turning serious. “I’m not… worth it.”
Castiel had shrugged an indifferent shoulder at him. “Not really.”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek. He had eventually told Sam about Cas being on the run, he had even admitted Cas had killed one of his kind to save his life. Even though Sam had raised a mini-hell at the beginning, he had come to accept Dean wanting to harbor a fugitive, when that said fugitive was Cas, the one who had saved Dean’s life a year ago.
“Nice tattoos you got going.”
“You need to kill me.”
. Dean chanted in his head as he aimed.
“John…” Mary’s cautionary footsteps seemed to stop by the front door. “She’s… she’s pregnant. We can’t just leave her there.”
Orange flames licked at his muscles and ignited his eyes. Dean shut them tightly and dropped down to the ground, hand on his throat. Gasping only caused more pain and provided no fresh air; each inhale so hot, it desiccated his tender flesh.
bubbling happiness in his chest, and slowly, gradually, as his eyes grew heavy, he also sank into sleep.
A cluster of parrotfish grazed the soft tissues of corals while shrimp of various sorts drifted and moved around; some nearby dolphins announced their presence with long squeaks and loud clicks. Even the lone whale in the far distance, communicating with its kin, suffused the tide with its longing-filled song.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. “A damn pack of lube isn’t exactly an emergency and not high on my to-do list.”
“Well, for starters, while you were busy with your thumb up your ass and getting people killed, this guy actually saved my life!” Dean snapped. “Last supply run, we were attacked.” He blurted the half-truth. “The guy went out of his way to save my ass.” He hooked his foot around the table leg, hands flat against his thighs, grasping at straws to find a reason not to knock the teeth out of Gordon’s skull.
“Finish getting dressed,” Mary said, her tone betraying her attempt at smiling as she reached the door. “And stay here,” she warned just before the door closed behind her.
“I’m yours. I’ll always be yours.”
“What?”
After a few pinched beats, Cas showed up on the other side, his blues dancing with surprise and maybe even hope, and if that wasn’t the most beautiful thing he had seen all week, Dean didn’t know what was. His ears were back to normal, the necklace secured around his neck.
Dean clamped his teeth around the mark he had left, and Castiel bit back a moan before Dean’s mouth devoured the rest of the broken sound.
Dean had acquired his love for the ocean from his mother. Mary had breathed the salty air as if her life depended on it. His fear for merfolk had grown from his father’s warnings and the news on TV about humans and mer fighting over resources and territory. By the time Dean was old enough to understand it, the lives lost and destruction left behind by the senseless war had been tremendous.
“I dunno. Knit a nightdress, play some golf. Anything besides put your damn life on the line like that.”
“I am… in the real sense of the word… an angel.”
Dean proceeded to explain what he wanted and they made small talk as she worked on his request.
Dean shrugged, cleaning up the counter to distract himself. “I think I’m just not cut out for relationships. The ones that last at least.”
Also don’t forget to
Cas kept mostly to himself every time they were with the group, and Dean took it as his mission to decipher every micro-change in his face. The way he tilted his head when he was confused, or the way his brows furrowed when the conversation demanded more concentration. The only times Cas seemed to be fully at ease was when he was hidden in the library or when they were by themselves.
Dean let out a breathy chuckle. “I’ll explain later,” he replied, a smile spreading on his lips.
“Okay…” She seemed unsure. “Either way, I think it’s time for us to go.”
Dean huffed, emitting a mirthless laugh, anger filling his heart but evaporating just as quickly when Dean took a closer look. Blue-eyes looked like a wounded animal pushed into a corner, pale as a ghost, and frantically shaking as he stepped back. He was surprised that the man was still standing, as Dean’s emotions hastily morphed to sorrow and compassion. The guy released a throat-cutting cough before tugging his jacket closer to him.
“Don’t touch my beauties!” Ash’s warning was muffled by the door, steadily fading as he got into the truck parked back in the main room, and the engine roared to life.
“Better?” Dean murmured by his side.
“Hello, Dean,” came the deep, gravelly voice that made him even more attractive, if that was even possible. “I don’t know if you remember me,” the man paused, and Dean felt like he could listen to that water running over pebbles baritone for the rest of his life. “My name is—”
gesture, temporarily forgetting he still had the handcuffs on. “So…” He let his hands fall back down while Victor kept checking for bite marks. “How’s things around here?”
“Shh,” Cas hushed into his ear. “Get some rest; you’re tired.”
Besides that, and to Sam’s delight, they had gotten themselves a puppy. Dean had shaken his head slightly but couldn’t stop the fond smile reaching his lips as Charlie raised the husky to his eye level, and the damned small thing had licked his nose.
Two more Croats snuck up from behind him, their presence momentaneously hidden by the crops at his back. “Fuck!” He secured his gun in the back of his pants and punched the two, grabbing his axe from the holster and digging it into a Croat at his right.
Dean shook his head slowly. “I don’t wanna hear any more of this, alright. End of story.” He turned to leave but thought better of it. “And don’t go around telling people about this, okay? The three of us knowing is already more than enough.”
Dean wobbled past it and got himself ready in the bathroom. When he came out, Cas was already halfway off the bed. “Up so early?” he mumbled around a yawn.
, let go of it. Cas was warm and panting, lips wet and so soft. Dean’s eyes fluttered open to draw in everything he could — his long, dark eyelashes wreathing his closed eyes, his open-mouth gasping for air, the flush of pink tinging his cheeks, his ruffled hair even wilder from Dean carding his fingers through it.
, dying in his lungs. “They accepted me even though I have this curse inside me,” Dean took a shaky breath and clutched his chest, “ready to explode.”
“Dean!” he repeated, shaking the man by his shoulders to no avail. Boulders of despair plunged into the pit of his stomach as he looked around until his eyes landed on Dean’s necklace, forgotten on the ground, and his mind drifted back a few hours to when they were still on the road pursuing Dean.
Dean snorted. “That’s not the point, Cas.”
Tonight though… tonight Cas had shown up and was now on his friggin’ fourth dance in a row with Kelly, and Dean was pretty sure if he tightened his grip around the glasses a bit further, he would end up breaking them all.
“Trust me.” Dean sat up. “A cold shower is all I need right now.” The covers spilled off the sofa, and he replaced them with the pillow to hide his crotch as he rushed to the bathroom before Cas could notice the massive bulge in his boxers. “See ya later,” he rasped, locking himself in the bathroom, back slammed against the door, breathing heavy and unsteady.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel didn’t move; everything was barren, nothing mattered anymore, he couldn’t will his body to react. Dean wasn’t moving, blood pooling around his body, eyes closed to the world. Nothing else mattered. Dean was dead, and like everything else, Castiel’s world stopped moving.
Dean groaned.
“What?” Ben followed Dean’s eyes, mumbling something as he checked himself out, seemingly noticing the state he was in for the first time. “No.” He shook his head and lifted his shirt, showing another cut that followed along his stomach. There was no bite, though, Dean noted with relief.
“I’m not leaving you, Dean,” he promised despite Dean’s attempt to shrug it off with a joke. And damn if that didn’t tug at Dean’s heart strings and made him all fluttery inside.
“You said you did some research on me, right?” That should weird him out, but he understood it was the safer bet for Cas before jumping in to meet Dean, a complete stranger, face-to-face.
. He sent out the smiling thought.
“Where’s Claire and Alex?” Jo stepped forward when Ben seemed to have spaced out, staring at his cut.
“And today you didn’t even come down for breakfast,” Sarah pointed out.
They pressed their lips together, kissing lazily. There was no urgency for more, just fingers running along limbs, tracing muscles and old scars, lips trailing butterfly kisses over skin, raising goosebumps, legs tangled together, arms pulling closer. They had each other now, and this was theirs, forever, and Dean was sure he was about to explode, skin made paper-thin with how much he was feeling, if not for the loud growl that came from Cas’ stomach.
“It still applies now…” he murmured, not quite meeting Dean’s gaze. “If you want to.” He took a sip from his cranberry fruit juice.
Dean squeezed Cas’ hand, forcing Cas to meet his gaze once more. “No one deserves to have that kind of responsibility on their shoulders.”
“That son of a—” Dean gritted his teeth before letting out an exasperated sigh. “Thanks for the heads up,” he added, signaling Charlie to hit the gas. She nodded silently, and the truck was moving again, leaving the secluded clearing behind.
Dean’s cock was still agonizingly untouched, and he leaned forward to wrap his fingers around it and relieve the excruciating anguish.
is actually a Portuguese word I love and it has no direct English equivalent. It means melancholic longing or yearning; a constant feeling of absence, the sadness of something that's missing, wistful longing for completeness or wholeness and the yearning for the return of what is now gone.
Dean turned, pulling Cas along with him. “This way,” he whispered, heaving a sharp breath when another grunt roared in front of him. What used to be a guy with faded purple hair snarled at them, teeth barely missing Dean’s arm as they started running.
Dean gulped, suddenly aware that this had been Cas’ first time, and even though Dean had enough experience for the two of them, he felt unsure somehow. What if this had been a disappointment for Cas? What if this had been lacking compared to what Cas had imagined? As the years went on, Dean had become more detached when it came to his one-night stands. They were quick and casual, leaving no room for what-ifs. Then when he was with Lisa, he had been too wrapped up in himself to commit to the relationship fully. But with Cas, somehow, everything was new and cherished. And after a year of mostly celibacy, he felt like a first-timer all over again.
“Hello, Dean,” the friendly, gravelly voice made Dean pull his head from the shelter of his arms.
“No… no… no!”
“Good,” Dean whispered quite too fast. “I mean…” He ran a hand over the back of his neck, a flush heating his cheeks. “Not that it’s good that you’re alone. I mean, not alone, just— you know what I mean…”
“How about pizza for dinner?” There was some ready-made dough in the freezer Dean had prepared a few weeks before and he had bought anchovies on the way home.
Dean felt immediately at ease, the black stone fitting the palm of his hand as if it had been made for it. It looked bigger in his hands as he held his present with care, the dark of the surface refracting the light and wrapping Dean in comfort and quietness.
Sam laughed. “Seriously though…” he trailed off, pursing his lips together.
The condo wasn’t even half bad. The living room alone — with floor-to-ceiling glass windows that stretched along the west wall and lit up the room every afternoon with golden and orange until the very last ray of sunset — was nothing to sneeze at.
“Not even millennia would cause such a thing.” The prospect of missing something or someone was so alien to Castiel he didn’t even know how to imagine it. They were both everlasting and had been made to be unattached to everything. And even though he was quite fond of some of his kin, he would never know what that was. He would never have to fear that.
“And I think Becky has officially lost her marbles waiting for your return.” Jody blew out the smoke in three quick puffs, wafting three perfect circles against the night’s sky. “When I asked, her cryptic answer was
“Just go, Kevin… please.”
Dean fumbled for his necklace, only half-aware it was in place as he tried to even his breath. His heart gave a torn beat, oxygen giving way to flames as they licked its walls, muscles pumping, fueling the wildfire that grew along his veins.
“And I was explaining,” Jefferson interrupted, turning to Dean. “That since my wife is pregnant, she should get more food.”
“Right!” He closed his eyes, trying to focus on the words he wanted to say. “We were attacked. Croats. Back in the clearing,” he gasped, pointing to where he had come from. “With the old truck. The red one,” he added between sucking in lungfuls of air. “The red truck by—”
most of the time.” Dean gave his best example of a casual one shoulder shrug, despite how his chest puffed out with warmth.
Dean ignored the few sleepy faces watching him cross the hallway and climb the stairs to his bedroom on the back left. He pushed the door with a foot to find an empty bed. An instant shot of panic raced down his spine, stuttering his breath before the bathroom door opened to reveal a very sleepy, very grumpy Castiel behind it.
“Confusion,” someone else added.
“Hey,” Dean announced his presence, his voice hushed as he drew near the bed until the mess of dark hair, heavy eyelids, and swollen, red lips came into view. Cerulean eyes were like liquid water soaking him to the bone. They locked in on Dean’s for one stilled moment before realization played across the man’s face. His wide eyes took in their surroundings before focusing on Dean again.
Dean snorted and mentally rolled his eyes at himself. He could almost hear Sammy in his head telling him to stop being a Debbie Downer. Thinking about his brother soured his mood tenfold. Either way, there was no changing it now; Dean’s plan was formed while they were still at the fort as soon as Cas had volunteered to put himself in harm’s way. From that moment on, Dean had decided that when the time came to face Lucifer, he would be the one to do it, not Cas. He would go nuclear and kill Lucifer himself.
I have to say I loved writing this chapter but it was so difficult to do it because it’s so heavy with emotions it was hard to find the right mindset to write it. But at the same time it has some of my favorite Destiel interactions so far. We’re getting there, you guys, this is one hell of a slow burn, but we’re getting closer.
Cas came to an abrupt stop, his shoulders tensing up as he told them to be quiet.
“Yeah?”
“This is just a friendly warning.” Gordon spat out, fists clasped at his sides. “If you wanna eat your fill, pouring drinks ain’t gonna cut it, you need to make yourself more useful, and you keep your nose out of trouble, you hear me?” he threatened with a twisted smile.
“If you need a ring, I can—”
“Only the lucky ones.”
They spent every possible moment together, spending winters in bed while the rain beat the windows quietly, with Cas counting Dean’s freckles, citing the constellations he could find on Dean’s skin. With springs sitting under one of the white oaks that surrounded the cabin and falling asleep under the sun when summer came, Dean’s head on Cas’ chest, hearing his untamed human heartbeat. Going fishing under the clear autumn sky, toes sunk in the fresh river’s water as they held hands.
“It was all a lie.”
Dean’s heart was galloping, just shy of trying to escape his chest. He felt naked with Cas’ little moans and wandering touches, but also eager for more as Cas’ eyes — glossy and darker — locked with his and pulled him deep. It was a struggle to try to keep afloat. It shouldn’t be because this was just a one-night stand after all. Or so Dean tried to convince himself, although everything in his body screamed otherwise. Even in his mind the lie was so pungent it made Dean tighten his grip, pulling Cas closer to feel him, real and solid, heart drumming as desperately as Dean’s. They barely knew each other but being with Cas like this, after a year of yearning for it, was like coming home after years stranded.
“Gordon!” Before Castiel knew it, his legs were promptly moving forward. He would not stand still as Gorgon bullied the new guy. It had been enough he had done just that to Castiel when he had first arrived at the Keeper. “That’s enough!” he said, voice like thunder.
He sat straighter and smoothed his pants with one hand, the other still in a fist clasped around the comforter.
“Look,” Dean pecked him on the lips. “Can we continue this…” He gripped Castiel by the waist before pressing their lips together one more time. “Conversation when I get back?” he asked a little breathlessly.
Even without looking back, he knew Cas was watching him, studying his words, causing a mild heat to sneak up Dean’s neck under Cas’ gaze. “Anyone told you you’re quite the staring creep?” he joked, his voice an airy wisp.
“I should be apt to sacrifice myself for my clan…”
“That’s a bit extreme,” Dean gasped. “I mean, a man’s porn is sacred, not something you should mess around with.”
“Working here is cool!” Dean blurted, voice pitching three octaves higher.
“Dean?” Cas sounded startled, almost shy. “I thought you were sleeping.”
Dean thought melancholically,
blue sweater — a little voice rejoiced in the back of his head. Despite the warmer weather, Cas had a thing for sweaters, the weirder, the better. Dean wasn’t much of a sweaters’ guy unless it was the peak of winter, so he had proposed Cas could borrow his. The smile he received in reply had made Dean’s week. The afternoon’s sun hit Cas’ back just right, and for a moment, Dean imagined it was him pressed against Cas’ shape, chasing each wet path of sweat with his tongue.
“Why?” The man stared back, his expression flashing with something Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on before he covered it up.
“They want to kill me,” Cas deadpanned and Dean almost laughed.
Dean sat up, noticing Ben’s clothes were torn and covered in dirt. “Were you bitten?”
A bite on his neck made Dean sob around the blazing pleasure raging inside him. Sharp teeth sinking in with enough force to break the skin and leave a mark. And Dean enjoyed it. He welcomed the pain and invited it as it erased any reserve the man had shown him until now.
“You should rest; after what you went through, I don’t even…”
“Goodnight,” Cas whispered, his tone just as fragile and unsure as Dean felt.
Charlie threw him a look.
“No, no,” Charlie assured the other side. “Stab wound. It’s a new guy. We… we don’t know his name.”
“And who’s that very perceptive friend of yours?” Benny asked, raising a brow.
“Something like that.”
An enraged scream roared from his lungs as Castiel lunged, wings propelling him forward, blade raised and aimed at Lucifer. The Devil detected the movement and blocked the attack with a blade of his own.
“Oh. Right…” Castiel’s wings slumped at his sides as he looked at the trenchcoat forgotten in his hands. “You should keep it,” he raised his eyes, placing the piece of clothing back in Dean’s arms. “Both the trenchcoat and feather were gifts. They’re yours now.”
This bedroom had become theirs. The longer Castiel stayed, the more Dean kept sharing with him. The extra bedside table he had brought in after Castiel’s second week so he would have a space for his belongings. The two drawers Dean had freed up in the dresser. The locker in the shared bathroom he had cleaned and made Castiel’s by writing his name on a piece of cardboard, attaching it to the locker’s door.
His hand was stroking himself languidly by the time Dean came to himself.
“We got it.” Charlie twirled around. “This ain’t our first rodeo, y’know?” She gave him a lopsided grin, spreading her arms out to her sides with another twirl before skipping to catch up to Bela at the stairs. “This is gonna be fun!” she chanted.
Dean immediately pulled the knife away, only then feeling the blunt tip of the pistol pressed at the center of his chest as she held him at gunpoint.
“He needs to learn these things. He’s old enough already.”
“You don’t owe me any explanation, Cas. We are…” Dean trailed off, before settling with a dismissive shrug. “It’s not like I asked you to marry me or something. It was a hookup.” Dean broke eye contact. “And you needed a cover, I get it. You did what was best for you, and now I’m helping you until you get out of trouble. Nothing left to explain.”
Sam shrugged, not taking his eyes from the TV. A documentary of white sharks was on and Dean let himself contemplate the screen for a moment.
Dean was a goner after that.
“I fell,” Cas said, shifting his weight to one hand to massage a sore spot on the underside of the tail. “Whenever merfolk get wet our—”
The tall, dense stems filtered most of the light this far in. The rows of corn had been planted two feet apart; Frank used to be in charge of taking care of the crops along with a group of helpers that always varied based on how much work there was. But Frank had always been the person dedicated to it; he called it his sanctuary, his escape from the horrors of the world.
Cas propped himself on his elbow and cradled Dean’s face in his hand. “It is, Dean. What we have will never be broken; we have each other, forever. And I love you for giving me that.” He took off his wedding ring, reading the words inscribed inside the band. “I’ll always catch you, our love unbroken.”
"Thanks, I owe you one.” Sam reached for the door. “It was nice meeting you Castiel, Dean has told me a lot of good things about you.” He smirked when Dean shot him his best
“How much for your troubles?”
He passed the rest of the day holed up in his bedroom. Cas didn’t show up, and he couldn’t say he cared.
“You go back to the truck,” Dean commanded, hand slashing the air, fingers stretched as he pointed where he knew the tree line was. “Wait there for us. I’ll go get Cas.”
“Yes.”
“I didn’t know you were immune.”
“Yes,” Cas nodded in understanding, “your necklace too. According to this book, it might all be connected.”
“The way I saw it, last time you were the one knocked out cold, Winchester!” He spat to the ground right after saying Dean’s name.
He pecked the back of Cas’ hand and splayed it against his ribcage again, hoping the way his heart pulsed at the same pace as Cas’ voice let him know how much all of this meant to Dean.
“W—why?” Dean’s voice caught in his throat again, a little taken back by the guy’s callous and disregarding approach to the matter. Dean shook his head and huffed. “Listen, I—”
“Tell me, baby.” Seeing Cas’ hesitation, Dean leaned down to kiss him again, just a tender, chaste press of lips before watching Castiel again. “We should probably discuss this. I know this is all new to you, so we go at your pace. When you’re ready, I’m fine with either pitching or catching.” He trailed Cas’ jaw with his lips. “I’d love to be inside of you.” He sucked a mark on Cas’ neck, reveling in the way Cas’ breath stuttered. “Or you can fuck me.” He whispered to Cas’ ear. Cas moaned, guttural and broken in return. “But only when and if ever you’re ready. We don’t have to do a thing, baby, I’m fine with just—”
Cas was rummaging around in Dean’s bedside table until he apparently found what he was looking for. He turned to Dean with a bottle of lube, and Dean almost laughed with relief.
“I want to show you something.”
Castiel looked up. “Farewell,” he muttered before climbing onto the back of his bike. Revving up the engine and driving off, a steady smile spread across his face.
in his lips.
“Don’t worry about that,” Cas rasped, not looking up from the body. “In about an hour the body will start to decompose.”
Dean jolted to his feet, almost knocking his chair to the floor in the process. Millions of butterflies seemed stuck in his throat and if he spent one more moment there, he was afraid he would let them go in the form of three little words he wasn’t ready for yet.
Dean had last seen Blue-eyes the night before. He had left with a strange emotion tugging at his heart and a
Dean swallowed dryly; the deal was Cas would stay until he was healed, and Dean feared that time was coming to an end.
“What do you think?” Dean asked Cas as they sat on a table by the window, waiting for Charlie to bring their orders. Cas gazed around the café.
“I think…” Dean mumbled, eyeing Cas. “I think we should leave.” He pulled at Sam’s sleeve. “You hear me, Sammy?”
“There’s nothing to thank me for.”
“Is that what the orange things are?” Dean pointed with the fork, being the little shit that he was, pretending he hadn’t figured it out already.
Castiel kneeled next to Dean’s motionless body and checked for a pulse.
“Not in my case…” Cas looked at his shoes.
Without his necklace in place, the flames raced like lava through his veins, with a hunger impossible to deter. He tried to focus on his pulse pounding in his ears as the fiery tendrils flared into a wildfire, caressing his muscles, licking and catching each nerve ending with a deadly heat that spread outward.
“These are happy tears.” Castiel pulled back enough to watch Dean. “Thanks to you.”
Before he could finish, Riot rushed past him and started jumping up on Castiel, paws scraping his chest lightly as he woofed happily to the merman, tail wagging enthusiastically.
“No, not really.” Jo shook her head in a stiff movement, as if she was afraid Dean would take off at any moment.
“Go,” Sam stumbled in Castiel’s direction, choking helplessly as dust from the explosion began to settle. The hideous roar coming from the beam was so loud that Castiel almost missed his friend’s words, “Like we planned.”
Cas smiled, something tainting the lines on his face as he gazed at the book. “How do you know there isn’t a solution hiding here?”
“My bike,” he had murmured more than once.
“Let’s just try to avoid bringing up that night.” Dean turned on the sofa, one leg under the other so he could face Cas, voice dropping as he added, “Ever…”
“Only makes it braver.”
Anyway, the chick flick moment is over, enjoy the ending!!
“Is it over?” Gordon was the first one to speak.
Dean only realized he was staring when Sam cleared his throat by his side. The way he said, “Dean,” sounded like he had been trying to get Dean’s attention for a while now.
On the opposite wall, beside the door that led to the kitchen stood a fireplace framed by Dean’s DVD and vinyl collections, all neatly displayed on dark-gray shelves that covered the whole wall. By the fireplace a reclining leather chair waited to be put to use on the coziest nights when Dean comfortably fell asleep listening to his records, next to his small record table.
“Yes,” came the murmured admission.
“That fucking son of a bitch! Your own brother?” Dean had growled. “Your own brother would do this to you?!”
“I’ll be right there. Alex and Jo need a proper burial. For them and their families’ sake.”
Dean couldn’t do much more than stare, proud to be the one to make Cas squeeze his eyes shut, legs flexing as his hips jerked in blunt, sharp motions while Dean pumped the thick, milky-white cum out of Castiel’s cock. Cas released a sigh and slumped down with a thud when he was done. Dean continued to steadily fist Cas’ already going soft cock until he was spent and pliant beneath Dean.
Dean’s eyes flew open as warm, comforting fingers pulled him away from his visions and back to reality and into the ocean contained in the clearest pair of blue eyes Dean had ever seen. The man blinked slowly down at him. Dean was back in the hotel, hanging somewhere between the eighth and the sixth floors, with nothing but the warm hand wrapped around his to keep him from falling.
Then it was over.
Dean moved slowly, his entire body filled with a soul-crushing sensation of dread as he raised both hands at his sides, trying to look as harmless as possible, heart thudding in his ears as he began searching for a way out.
“Brother, I think there’s a misunderstanding here. I will not—”
The hotel stood brightly at the center of the city; they drove past it and continued until they reached the city’s south limits. They made a turn to the right — the back alley was as uninteresting as the ones they had checked before. Wild weeds and moss mostly covered the walls; scrubby plants poked from the cracks of the concrete, and weeds oozed around the slabs of the chipped and fractured sidewalk. Some ragged flyers were posted to a stretch of wall at the end of the street, its sickly-yellow paint peeling off at places, revealing the brick underneath.
“He was still lucid when I left,” Missouri intervened.
For now, he pulled away from the door and walked down the room. Some of the tension in his body evaporated when he saw the mess of dark hair and stubbled cheeks steadily turning pink from the sun illuminating the room, looking healthier with each day that passed.
“I warned you the first day we met, I’m better off on my own,” the man stated quietly, ignoring Dean’s question.
The walk of shame and the dirty looks Rowena sent him were hazy beneath the crushing feeling of wrongness threatening to swallow Dean whole.
“Excellent news. We’ve got the hive.”
“I like the rain,” he ended up saying. “Even though it can be… bothersome, it makes me extremely happy. Back where I… lived, we barely got rain. But feeling it against my skin, the way it races through the sky to kiss everything in its wake, filling the world with staccato sounds. It’s… one of the most beautiful things I’ve ever seen.”
Cas smiled fondly at him before crouching down and complying with Riot’s request.
Kevin scribbled something down and reached for the mug next to him, his face disappearing behind the bottom of the cup and the white steam as he gulped down the last of his coffee. “Gordon was here,” he finally looked at Dean, “again.”
“I believe,” Cas continued, “the colony would benefit immensely by having a hive within your walls.”
“Nevermind…” Dean covered his eyes, sighing. “Anyways, are you up for it?”
Karen rolled her eyes despite the jovial smile tugging at her lips. “He promised me dinner at a fancy restaurant for the tedium I went through. Any place I choose. So I’d say it’s worth it.”
“This is where we belong,” she murmured to his forehead when he finally reached the cocoon of her arms. She lifted him up, circling him like an airplane in the air, both laughing until they were out of breath. “This is where we belong,” she repeated.
“Then
“Hey,” Sam shouted, not taking his eyes from his annotations. “I’m making notes on which clothes you’re taking. I’m trusting you’ll return them by tomorrow. If you do a repeat of last time, I’m confiscating your porn.”
“Seriously, Dean, some help here?” Ellen asked, exasperated, and Dean finally relented, leaving the glasses alone in favor of moving to the counter and taking his next order.
“A hoard! We need to leave.” Dean waved for Cas to rush towards him, hand outstretched for the other to take. “Now!”
They all got to their feet when they saw Dean.
Dean replied with a thumbs-up, putting the second stage of the regulator in his mouth, then fell backward off the boat.
Once she was done, he took the final product carefully in his hands. Dean closed his eyes and inhaled wistfully the bouquet of white daffodils. “This is beautiful. Thank you, Meg.”
Dean lost track of time more days than not, but he couldn't bring himself to forget the day he had killed his parents. Twenty-five winters had passed, and he still had nightmares about that day. If he was lucky, by the end of the nightmare, both his parents were dead, but more times than not, they were nothing but Croats out for revenge, killing Dean in every way possible. Sometimes he wished they were more than just horrible dreams — at least in that reality Dean would finally be of used to them.
Castiel didn’t sleep, though, wrapped in Dean’s covers. Inside their bedroom and everything it represented, Castiel lay on the couch, inhaling Dean’s pillow to keep himself grounded.
“So, what? Everyone has one of these where you come from?”
Dean absently got dressed, throwing on one of his best jeans, a red flannel shirt and his boots. He skipped breakfast and left the house. Hopping inside Baby, Dean pulled away from the curb and welcomed the deep purr of the Impala enveloping him as he pressed the pedal and drove aimlessly for a while.
“Dean!” she exclaimed as if she was only seeing him now. She turned to retrieve a random key, dangling it between her thumb and index finger. “You’re here to book a room as well? Or are you sharing?”
Dean inhaled shakily and tried not to flinch when the gun clicked beneath his thumb, his other finger already on the trigger and ready to pull.
“You take the bed tonight. I’ll keep the couch for myself.”
“C—Cas. Fuck, hmmm, fuck yeah—” Dean choked out between short, needy little thrusts.
Lucifer’s cocky grin was weak but defying. “Don’t tell me you grew attached to your boy-toy.”
Castiel gazed upon the group. “I can fix all of this.”
“I’m grateful for your hospitality,” Blue-eyes spoke after the men were out of sight. “But now, if you’ll excuse me, I would like to leave.” He turned, legs faltering beneath him as he took three frail steps to his bed, hand clenching into a fist around the hilt of the machete and turning white from the small action. He sat down, placing his weapon beside him and lifting his shirt to inspect the wound.
“You’ll know when you get there,” Sam gave the
“No need, I’ll take care of it,” Dean said, relief seeping into his words because Dean knew precisely who it was.
Dean shook his head, tilting it slightly to kiss Cas’ palm. “You’re here; that’s all that matters. You came back.” Dean tucked him in for a firm hug, closing his eyes and feeling Cas’ warm breath against his skin as the angel sighed softly and leaned into the crook of his neck.
The pressure increased, and Dean cried out as Cas’ head pressed in, penetrating the tight rim. His walls expanded and unfolded around Cas’ length, and Dean felt like he was burning from the inside out. Cas sank deeper, pushing, pressing, panting until he was completely buried inside Dean.
A knock on the door jolted Dean out of his head. He dropped the towel and pulled on some boxer briefs. “Just a sec.”
“Sam?” Dean bobbed his head. “Whacha doin’ here?”
Cas didn’t reply; he just watched the stars until they were gone, a soft smile touching his lips when the first rays of sunlight webbed behind the horizon, sending streaks of orange, purple, and red across the sky.
With a shiver he pulled back, planting a kiss on the corner of Cas’ mouth before muttering, “Let me take care of you.”
The whole room broke out at once, voices raising, people speaking over each other. One side of the table interrupting the other side, spitballing ideas. Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, the acute, searing pain of a headache beginning to pound behind his eyes.
“’m right here, y’know?” Bobby grumbled.
Thankfully, before he could answer, Bela dashed inside, stumbling forward as she spotted Dean, hands coming to rest on her knees. “I’ve been looking everywhere for you!” she said, taking a lungful of air before being able to speak again. “It’s him. The new guy,” she added immediately after seeing Dean’s confusion. “He’s awake. And Gordon is gonna kill him.”
Dean felt his stomach drop. It had been years since the last time he had lost control like this, with each vision of the pit and the dark figure getting more vivid as the years went by. Everything seemed so real, the screams, the sickly burn, that voice, and the threat in it, filled with so much cold and hatred. It made the fear of going back there almost as unbearable as the destruction Dean had to face when he returned. He hadn’t killed anyone since his parents, and the thought of killing both Charlie and Bela was enough to make him want to throw up.
“What?!” Dean jolted into a sitting position.
He glanced at the lone chair next to the bedroom’s door, catching sight of his camera lying there. He threw Cas an apologetic smile as he got up, forcing him to stop using Dean’s chest as his personal pillow.
“We haven’t exactly talked this last week. You’ve been avoiding me, remember?”
“That’s… a story for another time.”
Dean pulled back slightly, flashbacks from when Dean had first found out about Cas being a mer throbbing in the back of his mind. He had told Cas that back then, like he had told himself so many times all throughout his life. But Cas had changed that for him, and if he was being honest, he knew from the very first moment, no matter what, Cas would always be it for Dean, all previous prejudices be damned.
He placed the bouquet on the ground in front of the gravestone, and splayed his palm against the cold surface.
A light rain lulled the world outside into a gray haze. Dean leaned his head against the passenger window, taking his time to watch the raindrops slide down the glass and fall off the edge. He returned his gaze to the road, a misplaced sorrow pooled around his heart — that blue-eyed stranger had burst into Dean’s life for one fleeting moment, and yet Dean couldn’t help but feel there was so much more to it. When someone could literally cut through the flames and pull Dean away from his nightmares, there had to be more. Dean could only hope the guy was okay, somewhere safe, with someone taking care of him the way he had done for Dean.
Dean looked away, feeling his face growing hot as he quickly added, “I, uh, didn’t mean to assume anything, just… y’know, wanted to be prepared. In case you… you wanted to.” To hide his increasing nervousness, he reached into the cooler to pull out a couple of beers, almost dropping them when Cas lunged at him to wrap his arms around him.
Once inside, Dean checked the stranger one last time. “You’ll be alright,” he murmured, more to himself than the man slumped across the seat. He got out of the truck, gulping hard on the wave of nervousness racing through his heart.
“Uh,” he divided his attention between the three pairs of eyes looking at him around the table, “Cas mentioned they didn’t get along, yeah.”
“Great!” Lisa replied joyfully. “See you there then?” She clasped her hands behind her back, turning and walking away swiftly.
Sam’s grin faded. “Don’t worry. We’ll get lucky soon. Besides, there’s always gardening.” He gripped Dean’s shoulder, watching him for a moment’s silence.
“You think I brought you here so you can cure me or some crap like that?! Is it so hard to believe we’re just trying to help you?” Dean asked when the coughing had died to a low, rumbling gasp.
“I know you paid for your brother’s studies with Bobby’s help. But it was mostly you. You and your brother have lived together since Sam came back from college. Before that you lived at the Salvage Yard since you were twelve, right after your parents—” he trailed off as if he had talked too much.
Castiel smiled softly. “You’ve been the only one for me.”
Sam opted for catfish with a salad on the side that made Dean grimace — fresh farm raspberries nestled on tiny spinach leaves.
“I have a feeling this will be a good day.”
Sam remained silent as Castiel read it, the writing was hurried and clumsy, but there was no mistaking it; it was Dean’s. And it said… Castiel’s blood froze.
But if humans were similar to Castiel, they were too different as well. Miles of worlds apart, and for a couple of months, the illusion of greens had numbed Castiel’s senses. For a moment, he had forgotten what could never be. Dean wasn’t his to take, and Castiel… Castiel was never an angel chained to a singularity anyway. He needed to be free to survive.
Whenever Castiel left the house, he put on his morphing necklace, but when they were home his pointy ears were always on display and, gradually, Dean found himself thinking it truly suited Cas.
“I’m not… I don’t,” Dean babbled weakly, grateful Castiel wasn’t looking at him.
— and though terrifying, Dean found himself not caring at all.
Dean drew closer. The sun poured against Cas’ stilled frame, cutting around his silhouette perfectly. June was just around the corner, and the first rays with the promise of summer poured lazily through the window.
“I just got you to stay, and now you’re going out there to stop Lucifer.” Dean heard himself saying after a stretch of quiet. “Most probably killing yourself while you’re at it.”
“Woah,” Charlie sighed dreamily, looking out at the hotel’s lobby.
“The Anthropophagi Virus,” Sam declared, “Is a rabies-like pathogen from the
Dean felt as bad as she looked.
“He lost a lot of blood,” she huffed. “But we already started a transfusion. No major organs were damaged, and the shoulder itself will heal soon.”
“Dean…”
After a few timid moments Cas pressed a kiss to Dean’s neck, lips comforting against flesh before they were moving again, the sound rumbling over Dean’s skin and against his back as Cas sang again. The lullaby so fond and pleasant Dean was sure this was a joyful song. Something in it told Dean he wasn’t the only one being filled with such happiness and affection, feeling like his chest was paper thin.
“I’m the lucky one, Dean.” A sweet, shy little smile curved Cas’ lips, and he leaned down to seal their lips together.
Castiel raced to Dean’s body, leaping over the pit with a flap of his wings, a sudden surge of hope fluttering on the inside. If Dean was still linked to Lucifer when Castiel stabbed him, maybe…
“Why? Why are you so damn eager to get back out there?” There it was, the promise that he would only take what Cas was willing to give broken to the wind.
Nevertheless, he only allowed himself to touch Cas’ tail when he was carrying the mer from the shared bathroom to the living room. He didn’t even know if Cas would be comfortable with him touching him more than necessary. Even if Cas was okay with that, Dean wasn’t sure how he would react about having permission to do it freely.
Dean stopped resisting then because, even if a piece of him would always stay for Cas, another part would never stop supporting his little brother. It took them a few days to move out. Leaving the Keeper wasn’t easy, and as he packed up his belongings and put everything in the trucks, the apathetic part of him gave in to a wave of sorrow as he finally took out the last box from the bedroom he had shared with Cas.
It had been twenty years since the origin of the hatred lodged in his heart but, at thirty-two years old, he had an alright life. He owned a condo, had a close group of friends and a surrogate family he loved, paid his own bills and had quite a respectable job as the manager at The Roadhouse, a bar owned by his mother-by-heart, Ellen. He kept things running smoothly by handling day-to-day operations, managing resources and employees, and creating a safe, fun environment for everyone. He had his hands full more often than not, but he friggin’ loved the job. He enjoyed everything about it: the non-nine-to-five working hours it offered, the mingled scent of alcohol and tobacco that filled the air. The added bonus of meeting endless beauties day in and day out — both men and women, whoever struck his fancy — wasn't so bad either.
Dean woke up early that morning. He yawned, a smile playing at his lips even before he opened his eyes and stretched, letting the covers fall to the bottom of the bed.
“I’m sorry…” Castiel turned and left the room. And he truly was. For being a coward, for the possibility of making Dean experience the kind of rejection Castiel had seen in the human’s eyes back in the forest. For not being able to stop his endless loop of running away whenever he felt close to building ties again. But the chance of getting hurt again was enough to chase him away. His kin used to say he had come out with a crack in the chassis, and now, as he closed their bedroom door behind him, for the first time, Castiel believed them.
Another thrust hit that sweet spot just right, and Dean could swear he saw stars for a moment.
“You’ll only hurt me if you leave me,” he confessed, emotions still riding high from the bliss of his orgasm.
“Where am I?” came the groggy voice, made deeper by disuse.
Cas nodded mutely, massaging the spot again before leaning back on both hands with a helpless sigh.
“Let her go, you fuckers,” he cried out, trying to pull her by the arm to no avail. “Let her go!” he tried to shoot, momentarily forgetting he was out of bullets. “Let her go!” he yelled until his screams and the hungry moans from the Croats were the only things left. “Dammit, dammit!” he beat the bottom of the truck furiously, his legs kicking and scraping until it hurt to move. “Dammit,” he repeated, bottom lip quivering, feeling his eyes burn with tears.
Bobby scoffed and patted Cas’ shoulder. “It’s decided, I want ya to meet my wife, Karen. Come for dinner. Are ya free this Saturday? She makes the best meatloaf. I’ll invite Sam too, it’ll be fun.”
The only thing left for Dean to do was wait by the guy’s bedside. Whenever Dean wasn’t needed for inventory or doing his patrols, he was there, by his side. He started reading his father’s journal to pass the time. When either Kevin or Missouri was close by, he mostly kept it to himself, but whenever they were alone, he read it out loud — the journal was one of the few things they had left of his father. John used to scribble in it all the time. My future novel, he used to joke — the story of a family of hunters, a father, and his two sons; together, they slew monsters and saved the world time and time again. Dean read his father’s tale often and never got tired of it. He had never shown it to anyone else but Sam, though. Guess it was easier to share it with someone else when said someone was asleep, probably not hearing a thing.
Dean thought as he watched the man’s eyes, deep and clear as the ocean Dean loved to get lost in. Framed by a chiseled jaw, high cheekbones, and disheveled hair that suited him perfectly. And his ears, Dean concluded with relief, were as normal as any human.
“Who are you?” Dean heard himself ask, despite the lump of terror clogging his throat.
The door creaked as he slowly made his way into the empty kitchen, signaling to the other two to wait by the door. The stench was the first thing that hit him. There was unwashed silverware in the sinks, mostly covered in rust, and several pots filled with rotten food. He blinked against the sting making his eyes tear up, and covered his mouth to keep himself from coughing. He followed the corridor on the right, carefully avoiding the large chunks of debris scattered along the tiled floor.
Dean pulled the elastic band of his boxers, shoving his hand in and gripping his hard cock, the touch of his hand enough to make him moan.
Under the tent of string lights, various wooden tables were set for lunch and decorated with a kaleidoscopic of flower arrangements — baby pink roses, amidst tall pearl-white flowers Castiel had pointed out as being snapdragons, with a mix of purple and faded blue flowers Dean didn’t know the names of, but the finished bouquets looked freaking awesome. The chairs were adorned with big white bows, and a wide wooden trellis archway painted white welcomed them inside the make-shift tent.
Kevin tsk’ed, half-amused, half-bewildered with the information. “And you believed him… why?”
Castiel jolted awake to the noise of someone rushing into the tent. He immediately sat up, fists raised, before he noticed it was Sam. He was disheveled and gasping for air, a letter in his hand. “It’s Dean!”
About this chapter: the town mentioned, Lilyville, is totally made up even though Maine is very much real. But all the town’s descriptions are totally from my own imagination.
Cas’ cheeks became a little more pink, the flaming blush reaching his pointy ears. “Dean…” His voice came out deeper than usual, like after a long drag of whiskey to warm the back of the throat. The blue in his eyes melted to black as his pupils slowly dilated. He looked flustered with a mix of nervousness, his breathing becoming subtly shallower and his shoulder fins flaring in abortive motions.
“Hey, you’re one to talk.” Sam emerged from behind the desk, paper in hand, as he finished checking Ash. “You helped come up with this system, remember? Can’t complain now.”
It was lunchtime, and the dining hall was packed full.
Castiel propped his elbows on his legs, a smile playing at his lips.
Dean lost his balance for a moment before strong, solid hands clasped his upper arms and stopped his descent. “Dean, are you alright?” came Cas’ concerned voice. His pools of blue were filled with understanding and despair. Only a couple of people, including Castiel, knew what the crimson eyes meant to Dean. Dean looked around; Charlie, Bobby, Cas, Sam, all wore the same expression of understanding laced with something akin to pity. And Dean hated that. But most of all, he hated the fact that Cas was in such grave danger.
It all came back to Dean in a rush. Cole raising a gun at Cas. Cas throwing himself at the weapon. And Dean… desperately trying to keep Cas out of harm’s way.
Dean hung up before he accidentally admitted anything more. Like the fact that whatever they had shared, whatever Dean’s feelings were, it was the most real thing he had ever felt in his entire life.
The creature growled again, lunging forward, aiming for Dean’s arms. Dean sobbed, desperately trying to get free. “No!” he screamed as the man’s mouth almost closed around his wrist. “No!” he repeated, trembling in relief as the Croat was suddenly dragged away from him; relief immediately replaced with anxiety as the undead’s grunts turned into the sound of struggling.
Intense eyes met Dean’s again and before Cas could say anything that would make Dean feel more vulnerable and exposed, Dean rearranged himself so that their dicks pressed together and started moving.
Dean got up, feet making clomping noises on the hardwood flooring as he strode toward the window and opened it in full, welcoming the chirp of birds outside. He had the day off from patrol, and even though he had inventory to finish, that could wait until after lunch. Truth be told, there was no good reason for him to get his ass out of bed so early.
“That’s for scaring us shitless, you damn idjit,” he grumbled before stomping away. “Gonna get Kevin as well to check on you. Now that you got back from the world of the dead. Don’t wanna see you keel over and die again.”
Cas huffed and leaned to start drying his tail. “Did you know the gemstone on the necklace takes thousands of years to be made? It’s called Angelite. It sometimes goes by the name of
“Dean…” Cas whispered, leaning down.
“Just leave it, okay? Forget him. I’m gonna do the same. Now please, just let me be.”
“And how do I fucking do that, huh?” Dean looked up, eyes meeting the other’s disgruntled blues. “Should I just snap my fingers and make it go away?”
Dean gulped, heat filling his throat and steadily swelling beneath his skin. He closed his eyes, instinctively reaching for his missing necklace, between spikes of white-hot pain expanding inside his chest and blistering along his bones. The world was slowly growing pale, cracking all around him as he crossed to the other side. Faded images came to his mind — both of his parents petrified, cold on the tiles of their old house, burnt to death because of him.
“This was supposed to be a team thing. Us against them.”
Somewhere in between contented heartbeats, Dean shifted to his back, and Cas followed him, curling up to Dean’s side, warm and solid and all but purring, chest full and firm against Dean, head nestled under Dean’s chin.
“Nice necklace you got there.”
“I’m sorry…” he murmured.
Before Dean’s eyes drifted closed, he reflected on how tragic the mer’s life must be, miles apart from the waters where he belonged.
His friends and family had watched him like he’d grown an extra fucking head for a while after his near-death experience. The first months were tough, and the lingering thought of clear blue eyes had made him lose any kind of interest in one-night stands. They had been used to him screwing around left and right; men, women, as long as they didn’t sport pointy ears and the attraction was there, Dean was game.
You guyssss this damn chapter!! It took me 2 months of plotting before I felt ready to start writing this chapter, it was that difficult for me, I just couldn’t decide which way to go with this one. It was like pulling teeth lmao
“Nah.” Dean smiled. “I have one specifically for underwater. This one is for…” Dean brought it to his eyes, suddenly wanting to try his luck, hit by an uncontrollable need to capture Cas’ beauty on camera. Cas was watching him with a surprised gaze, the blue in his eyes glinting a deeper shade under the moonlight, his hair perfectly untidy, and his five o’clock stubble giving just the right shadow to his sharp jaw. And as the lens focused on his silhouette with a new silver glow, Dean couldn’t help but smile as he took a shot.
“That won’t work,” Charlie leaned over beside him. “Too old, too rotten.”
Sarah was inside, shovel in one hand, watering can in the other, her long, black hair caught in a bun at the top of her head. She seemed tired but confidently happy.
“So what, you get these urges to Michael Phelps yourself into oblivion each time a storm rears its ugly head?”
“God, don’t you ever shut up?” Charlie interrupted, and Dean never felt prouder of his best friend.
Dean’s head snapped to Cas. “Say what?”
Dean chuckled, burying his hands in his pockets. A comfortable ease pooled in his chest as he watched Cas inspect one after another row of crops, his tousled hair curling and sticking at the nape of his neck, a roll of sweat drawing an invisible line down his skin, disappearing beneath his blue sweater.
And just like that, Dean stopped smiling. “What the hell happened? ‘Cause there sure wasn’t enough blood for a knife wound.”
“Castiel, come on, you can’t possibly—” Sam started.
“I just think that if I’m staying, it’s only fair I start pulling my weight.”
Castiel gazed upon Dean, a lump of dread blocking his airway. “Are… are you alright?” he vacillated, folding his wings at his sides. Stepping forward, he paused for a moment before offering his hand.
“So, what is it about the sea that you like?” he asked, going back to their previous talk.
He dropped his necklace to the ground, heart hammering in his chest as he pulled out the dagger from the back of his pants, and before Lucifer could stop him, cut his hand. Every single instinct he had zeroed in on how wrong it was to welcome the sharp pain instead of avoiding it as he had done most of his life.
“W—what?” Cas turned to him.
“I want to apologize,” he said, unaware of Dean’s daydreaming.
“I want to…” Dean confessed. “Very much.”
Castiel watched him for a moment, a storm behind his blues before some kind of decision made him open his mouth. “Dean, what I mean by mate is… I need to tell you something—”
“I wasn’t trying to deceive you so I could get in your pants if that’s what you’re getting at.” Cas threw him a pointed look. “I didn’t know that was a deal breaker for you.” A clear judgement poisoned his eyes. “I just wanted to preserve my identity. As you’re aware, there are people after me and I didn’t want anyone to find out who I was.” He looked away, apologetic. “Still, I should have said something before… anything else happened. For that, I apologize.”
He had dreamed about Cas sometimes, when his will wasn’t enough to stop Dean from losing himself in his sleep.
On his own, as the years unfolded around him, he couldn’t see himself bonding with anyone anymore. Being alone not only ensured he had no ties to hurt him in the end, but it also protected his secret of being an angel. So he kept his walls high and his attachment out of reach.
“Do it,” Dean continued the encouragement, punctuated by fervent promises of, “I love you.”
Suddenly Dean was very much sober. “Say what?”
“Okay, get ready to have your world completely explode with pleasure.” Dean clapped his hands together and grabbed the bottle.
“It says right there ‘angelic sacrifice’,” Dean said, waving harshly at the book. “You stop Lucifer with an angelic sacrifice. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out what that means. Besides, Cas doesn’t have all his angel mojo anymore. How can he defeat Lucifer in that state?”
“I’ll explain later,” Dean blurted out. They didn’t have much time. “I need you to promise me something. You’re going to check him for bites. But whatever you find…
“Yeah, both our loved ones are gone,” she replied as a matter of fact.
She gave him a small nod, drumming her fingers on the steering wheel as they waited for the gate to open. They led both trucks to the inside of the two-story room; a similar gate waited for them on the opposite wall; the wide metal barrier remained closed, keeping them away from the inside of the fort.
Dean rolled his eyes and snorted. “Okay, smart-mouth, can I come in?”
“We’re here!” Charlie announced, shaking Dean’s shoulder enthusiastically.
At one side, a wide mahogany counter sold various types of beverages, including coffee and other soft drinks along with a few heavy meals and many lighter ones. The flow of clients was scarcer in the daytime, but crowds gathered by lunchtime and during evenings when customers left work.
When he woke up again, he was in a hospital bed. Most of the memories of his drowning were blurry, clouded by the traumatic event he had just gone through. But Dean didn’t care. What was important stayed in his mind: the sapphire warmth in the eyes of the man that had pulled Dean from death, and the name — Castiel — that Dean would repeat over and over again just to taste the sound of it in his mouth in the veil of night, facing his bedroom’s wall alone.
To be fair, how could he have guessed? One could never be too careful, not even inside these walls; he tried the rough excuse inside his head, trying not to think about how many almost-deaths he was piling up in a single week. Shit, he needed some shut-eye and soon. “Not my fault you move like a damn Croat,” he joked instead.
“Oh, please, everyone’s talking about it,” Sarah remarked.
Dean snorted. “Are you nuts?” He started walking again. “Even if I owned three candles, which I’m not saying I do.” He pointed a finger at her in a silent warning. “I wouldn’t pay all that for a raffle.”
“Where are you from anyway? Why couldn’t I find you?”
They stayed in comfortable silence for a moment, Cas’ head a pleasant weight over his chest, his body warm against his, both too spent to speak.
“I'm sorry…” came the soothing voice, pulling him out of his dark thoughts.
“He’s clear,” Victor announced to Sam, who immediately went back to his scribbles. “We’ve been running low on supplies. Something had to be done,” he said, eyes back on Dean.
“So you do have a relationship?” Charlie’s head peaked from behind Cas’ shoulder.
Dean woke up from the deepest sleep he’d had in years. It was the day of the bonfire, and he woke up in Castiel’s arms; it was the best damned thing ever. He turned his head to see a bleary-looking Cas burrowed to his back.
“Hey,” he said, not slowing the pace.
“I… the ocean makes me happy,” he ended up declaring. “Taking photos of it is one of my absolutely favorite things.”
Castiel’s breath faltered; wings were the most personal and reserved part of any angel. Touching them required an intimacy from both giver and receiver. Unless it was family, requesting such a thing was attributed to lovers.
Dean grinned and turned them around so Cas was on his back and Dean was straddling his thighs. He pulled Cas’ shirt up and leaned down to press a series of big, wet raspberries on Cas’ stomach. “Anything.” One raspberry. “To make.” Another raspberry. “This cute.” Another one. “Little tummy.” One more. “Happy.”
The man got up, a blank stare merging with his features, an old, light-brown trench coat held in his hand as he stepped closer, looming over Dean. “That’s not relevant,” he said, draping the piece of clothing around Dean’s shoulders with a gentleness that didn’t match his words. “I shouldn’t have gotten myself involved.”
An expanse of robust walls loomed over them, their white-washed muddled beneath a myriad of vines that slithered up the surface. They drove along the fortified walls, surrounded by a moat lined with spears jabbed into the ground. A few Croats were stuck on them, their rotting bodies mushy enough to easily get pierced by the pointed end; others were gradually piling up at the bottom of the moat. Dean let out a sigh; they would have to come out soon for another round of clean up. They stopped in front of the heavy, rusty iron gate topped with a sign that read
“Are we doing this or what?” Bela said, holding the door open.
Castiel stretched his wings, flapping them a few times. “I need to be quick,” he said with a finality in his voice that ended any argument they could have left. He took one last watery look at the group. “Don’t… don’t let Dean blame himself. I know he will. Let him mourn my death but teach him to be happy. He deserves that.”
Dean’s hands grabbed the sheets, turning them into a ball of fabric between his fingers, trying to control the volume of the sounds coming from him, each high-pitch squeak cascading into a moan as Castiel delved deeper and moved to cover Dean’s body with his.
“You were just a child.”
Cas leaned in and pecked Dean’s nose, breath catching and meeting Dean’s with fluttering tenderness. Dean closed his eyes, ready to take the leap, hand shuddering beneath Cas’ warm one, as he did his best not to close the small space between them, to catch Cas’ lips in a kiss as they melted into each other.
Dean gave a half shrug. “A monster all the same.”
“Yes, daddy.” Dean let go of his toys, squeezing a load of shampoo into his hand and rubbing his hair vigorously. His bath time was probably his favorite part of the day. His mother just recently had agreed to let him wash on his own. Dean was old enough already, he had argued. A little convincing was needed, but with some help from his father, he now got to enjoy his adventurous time alone. He dove his whole body into the water to rinse off every last bit of soap.
“Uh-huh.” She ambled away, continuing her walk a few steps ahead of Castiel. “I mean, we’re in the same boat after all.”
“Okay, okay, let’s all calm down,” Dean placed his hand on Jefferson’s shoulder. “I understand your point. I can’t decide anything on my own, but I’ll bring this issue to the next group assembly, and I promise to defend your case.” Dean looked down at Jefferson’s tray with exactly the portion decided — a sandwich, an apple, and a cup of a drink of his choice. “For now, though, this is all we can give. We need to ration for a bit longer so the food won’t run out.”
Came the joke.
“Alright, Dean.”
“For starters, because any of us could kick the bucket tomorrow,” Ellen crossed her arms over the table. “Some of us already did,” she added almost as an afterthought. “And the others are getting old,” she said, looking at Bobby.
Castiel smeared a considerable amount of lube along his fingers before settling himself between Dean’s legs. “Tell me if at any point I hurt you, and I’ll stop immediately,” he said, timbre rumbly and low.
Castiel smiled back, though it didn’t reach his eyes. “Thank you once again.”
Dean took a deep breath and leaned back in his chair, mustering up the courage to talk to her. He hadn’t spoken to the kids since he had lashed out at Ben, and despite his words, he didn’t blame any of them. If anything, he was the one to blame for not being able to protect them. And even though he had tried, the guilt eating at him hadn’t allowed him to face them yet.
“Up there. The stars, heaven, being immortal.”
They had shared a bed exactly once before — when Dean got his ass half drunk. They had fallen asleep each on their side of the bed, too afraid to give action to what they both felt… to what they wanted. Somewhere in the middle of the night, though, they both ended up finding their way back to one another — buried in each other’s arms, clutching close, lips ghosting over skin, eyes tight shut, pretending this feeling tightening their hearts wasn’t happening. With Dean burrowed into Cas’ side, or with Cas curled up against Dean’s back, closing his lips over Dean’s neck and sucking softly, using sleepy needs as an excuse to do it. And Dean wasn’t a damned cuddler, and he would rather die to admit to being the little spoon, but Dean let him. Not because he was too exhausted to refuse him. But because he was Cas, with his pools of warm blue and midnight black wings, and he had snuck up on Dean with little footprints on his heart, undoing him in every extraordinary way possible.
“And…” Dean could hear the confusion molding Ash’s voice. “Why are you wearing that weird coat?” Ash sighed. “Do I even want to know?”
Cas smiled sweetly up at him. “I will.”
“When you say, bring some chick home,” Charlie chimed in. “You know dead ones don’t count, right?”
Dean leaned back, laying against the tiles, his arm propped like a makeshift pillow under his head as he watched Cas’ profile. “Yeah, I had figured that much… I mean, it couldn’t be that easy to fix me, right?” Dean laughed awkwardly. “My brother isn’t a bad guy, y’know, he just… Sammy has put a lot of faith in me and humanity in general.”
“Your scent is greatly gratifying as well.”
One towel was already splayed on the sofa so that Cas could sit on it without leaving a water stain on the cushion. Once in front of the sofa, though, instead of putting Cas down, Dean stilled. Cas’ arms tightened around his shoulders, his head buried in the crook of Dean’s neck, as reluctant to let go as Dean.
“So… any luck?” Dean asked, ignoring how Cas seemed to draw into himself.
Dean’s eyes snapped toward his brother. “What?”
Dean had vowed not to bring up his health plans ever again.
Dean swallowed around the lump of emotions lodged in the back of his throat. “That’s… something we should both forget.”
Castiel wrapped his wings around Dean, cradling him in his arms and only pulling away once Dean had stopped shuddering.
“Uh.” Dean sat down, not sure how to feel about Cas going out. Yeah, they had done the same thing when they went fishing, but between the rocky climb and the open valley that led to the lake, there wasn’t a lot of room left for Croats to hide and ambush them. The same couldn’t be said about the forest.
They fell back asleep wrapped around each other, with Cas softly nosing at his neck while Dean stared at the ceiling unable to wipe the dopey smile off his face.
“Let go, Cas.”
“Who are you? What is this place?” Blue-eyes growled, his eyes flashed with danger.
“I don’t care,” Dean answered quickly, chasing Cas’ mouth, hand clasping around the back of his neck to bring them closer again.
“That’s my boy.” John kissed the top of his head. “Now,” he motioned to the stack of wooden boards lying in the hallway just outside the bedroom. “Until Sammy recovers, you mind helping me out with these?”
“Do you hear it?”
“You sure? ‘Cause I saw your back, and I’ve noticed you’re still mark-free. I could very well change that for you; you never know.”
On the fourth night, Dean had snuck outside to watch the funerals, staying hidden in the shadows. They burned the bodies, even though Cas had made sure both Jo and Alex would stay dead with a stab through the head, the rite of building a pyre was already part of how they said goodbye to the deceased. They gathered around it by the entrance of the fort, its flames burning away their goodbyes and scorching the sorrow into the sky.
“Don’t forget the almond twists,” Sam offered.
. He never imagined before this morning that he would end up here today, with his loved one getting taken care of, warm and protected under Dean’s covers, inside the cabin Dean had gotten thinking of Cas. “I’m just happy you’re here.” Dean took his hand and nuzzled a kiss into Cas’ knuckles. “I love you.” It knocked the wind out of Dean how much he had missed saying this, how much he missed Cas smiling at those words, the impact they had in their lives, and how true they were.
Cas drew near, arms clasping around him, just as tender as steady, enveloping Dean in a cocoon of warmth. And if before Dean had wished for the cold, now he only wanted to soak in the heat of Cas’ affection forever.
“That’s kinda extreme, Cas,” Dean said, not sure why he was whispering. “It’s not like they’re gonna kill us or something.”
When Cas’ back was slick and smooth and Dean could feel Cas’ whole body relaxed beneath him, he added more oil and started moving his hands in circular motions, being careful not to press too hard, just enough to ease the knots and sore spots on Cas’ shoulders and back.
Dean released a long, deep breath. He covered his face with his hands and groaned in misery. “I’m a monster.” His voice came out muffled behind his fingers.
Happy reading!
There were no signs of movement, and Dean gave his okay for Charlie and Bela to join him.
Actually I’m already writing my next fic. It’s gonna be a reunion!au, one of my fave types of fics! Our babies get reunited after 12 years apart! Yikes! Sounds painful, right? But there’s lots of fluff too… eventually ;)
He groaned at the piercing noise incessantly ringing in the back of his head. Something was buzzing against his ass, and Dean reached for his back pocket to retrieve his phone.
Dean pulled out his gun, turning it in his hands, watching the cold metallic weapon with a weary, sick feeling in the pit of his stomach, the weight of it reassuring but also nerve-wracking. He clasped his fingers around the barrel; if he squeezed tight enough, he could still feel the warmth dissipating off the muzzle from the last time he had pulled the trigger.
Thankfully, the tide conceded a minor miracle and they were closer to shore now.
“Vodka, please.”
The eyes blinked down at him again. “Glad you could take a break from your relaxing nap,” the blue-eyed man grimaced. “Now, can you cooperate a little? You’re not exactly light.” The man’s lips turned into a tight line, brows furrowing together as he hauled Dean up and over the rails.
Castiel’s breath faltered, and he closed his eyes. An expansion of warmth swelled so deeply in his chest it made his skin thin. As much as he wanted to chase the feeling of
But not today. Today the rain beat furiously on the rooftop where Castiel stood, watching the water drops streaming from the sky. He closed his hand. The strangers had left a long time ago, but Castiel remained there, securely on top of the hotel. Dean had seemed tired, but he would survive. Thanks to Castiel. He shouldn’t have intervened, he usually didn’t, but no matter what, Castiel couldn’t bring himself to regret his decision.
. And Dean didn’t dare ask Cas if he wanted his own bedroom now, too selfish to end those moments at night, passed together counting the spots across the ceiling, enthralled in a world that was just theirs.
It went unvoiced. “I want you to stay right here… for good.” There it was, finally in the open. The request he had wanted to utter since the first time Cas had tried to leave him.
“Please let me get it out.” She wiped her tears with the back of her hand. “I lost her… Like so many have lost their families. It’s no ones’ fault that the world has gone to shit. It wasn’t your fault…” she said, new tears swelling up in his eyes.
Dean opened the door, coming face to face with a Kansas City Chiefs baseball cap before it shifted and Bobby’s sulky face came into view.
Dean pulled back just enough for them to watch each other. For a moment, they didn’t speak. It was like meeting each other for the first time, right on the verge of falling, with Dean’s burning light illuminating the whole world again.
Dean swallowed thickly around the knot of emotions he had long since forgotten. “’ night,” he said, studying every fragment of Cas’ face as he closed his blues. Dean drew in a shaky gasp, body aching for more but not daring to move any closer, too afraid to break this.
“The bullet went clean through, in and out with not much damage,” Sam continued. “That part went smoothly. The worst came next. The wound wouldn’t close.”
A few hard, resolute strokes and Dean managed to ascend beside the vessel, just about five feet from the surface to do a safety stop for three minutes. As much as he would like to emerge right away and jump into the safety of the boat, he needed to wait or the rapid reduction of the pressure would cause decompression sickness, which could be fatal.
“But already turning, am I right?” Gordon pressed on. “C’mon, you’re the doctor, Missouri; you know better than any of us what that means.”
He walked back to the main street and called a new cab. This taxi driver wasn’t as talkative as the other one, his smile falling as soon as he saw Castiel’s pointy ears. Castiel didn’t mind, though, quite enjoying the quiet as he took in the scenery — the greens melting together with the gradual shift of urban whites and metallics. Castiel could always use a morphing necklace to appear more human, but he never did. He loathed the idea of having to cloak his identity more than the looks he got when people realized he was mer.
Gradually, though, the cocky smile subsided and Dean’s mouth started going dry. The sinful noises Cas made as his tongue darted over his lips and his Adam’s apple bobbed up and down at a sensual pace sent a tickle of lust down Dean’s spine. Dean watched, transfixed, at Cas licking his fingers clean with filthy popping sounds that made his already half-hard bulge turn fuller. Soon, Dean felt the room heating up, the tightness in his pants doing nothing to stop the desire overflowing his veins and pooling low in his gut.
A new earthquake shook the entire site, the hollow surrounding them swallowing more ground and encroaching in on them. Soon there would be no more surface to stand on.
“Bye, boss.”
As the third week turned around the corner, he still hadn’t left the Infirmary’s bed. Missouri said his body was recovering, not only from the energy that had been drained during the ritual to open Hell’s gate but also from the blood loss Castiel’s stabbing had provoked. However, Dean knew it wasn’t the loss of either that made him hollow of a will to live that just wouldn’t resurface.
A large ray passed right at eye level, and Cas brought his hand to his chest, fingers gripping and crumpling his gray tee.
Dean’s breathing hitched a notch faster, eyes trained on Cas’ mouth. “Cas…” It was his time to let the breeze fade the rest of his voice away, the words welling up in his throat. They were a breath away from each other, and Dean could see each distinct shade of blue in Cas’ eyes tugging him closer.
He only stopped when the rest of the group gathered around him, and four of them grabbed hold of him, yanking him away from Cole. He didn’t know who was around him. Through the edges of his rage, Castiel couldn’t see anything until his eyes focused on Dean again — his collapsed body, his chest moving in shallow breaths, his fingers closing on air until Castiel was by his side again to hold his hand.
Dean had told him what happened when he got hurt without the necklace to keep the fire monster at bay. Once he was done, he waited for his brother’s reaction, breath stuck in his lungs, so sure that Sammy would just get up and run away. But instead of looking at Dean like the freak he was, Sam had promised he would find a way to heal the
“Yeah, you’re a badass, yadda yadda.” Dean smiled, raising his hand to run his thumb over the wet paths along Cas’ cheeks.
“Where the hell is Kevin and Missouri?” Sam got up, choosing to ignore their bickering. “I’m gonna…” He awkwardly pointed to the door. “Get them.” He made a hasty escape to the hallway.
She shook her head. “Don’t apologize. You know you’re always welcome here. And those keys you have aren’t just for decoration either.”
Once he was finished, his mother checked to see if everything had been washed right, kissing his forehead as a reward for another job well done. “Told you, mommy, I'm not a baby! I can do it myself,” he announced triumphantly.
Of course, that had changed when they found the Keeper. While they got comfortable with a fixed place to call home and a group of people that slowly grew to become their family, Dean tried to settle down too. Lisa was everything he could wish for — she was kind, beautiful, and full of a life outside of the one that came with hunting the undead. Her son, Ben, had been a wonderful bonus as part of the relationship, and even if he wasn’t Dean’s son, he had been the opportunity for Dean to be what their father never got the chance to be for both Sam and Dean.
He could feel his balls filling up and stretching out, begging for the sweet release of his cock.
“It’s a small town. With a little research, it wasn’t hard to find you,” Castiel admitted.
It was over. Lucifer was gone; the Croatoan Virus was no more. It was done.
“I…” The man slowly blinked a few times, averting Dean’s gaze through half hooded eyes and murmuring, “I'll explain… later,” before his eyes completely closed, leaving Dean behind to deal with the bombshell.
“But what if I’m right? What if he’s immune? Don’t you wanna find out more about this guy? Maybe he’s the key to everything.”
He hadn’t dove in a while, using his days off to help Cas get settled and learning to adjust his life to fit Cas. Cas would still tell him he smelled like the sea, though; much to his heart’s contentment and the affection slowly rushing in as the days went by.
“Well, if you wanted to do that, there was something missing.”
Dean shrugged. “When you were helping Sam set up the lights for the bonfire, I sneaked up here. I wanted to do something special… for you… for us.”
Castiel recognized it immediately. His lost grace billowed in awareness, his molecules shook, and his bones rattled as the incandescence floated in front of him at eye-level. Releasing a shaky breath, hand moving of its own accord, he reached for it, fingers extending, afraid to disturb what Castiel knew was the remaining part of his grace.
“I won’t.”
“I'm crashing with my brother for the night. I figured I should give you some space.”
“You won't get to him. I'll make sure of that.”
“What?!” Cas’ head snapped up at him. “Oh, no! Just my insufferable brother. He tested my patience more times than not. Still, he was also the funniest of the five,” Cas contemplatively added as he seemed to recall something from their old life, smiling that gummy little smile of his reserved for these private moments alone. Moments shared with Dean. His eyes turned soft for a moment before a flare of sadness darkened his blues.
Even as he helplessly grasped at the fact that he didn’t let himself get involved with merfolk, putting everything aside was easy when he admitted that he at least owed Cas a chance to prove himself.
Someone cleared their throat in front of him and Dean looked up, burying his memories seven feet deep in the darkest corner of his mind, an appealing smile already making its way to his lips as he readied his best lines and some flirtation if needed.
His legs started moving before his mind could decide what that noise could mean and what he would do if someone was trying to hurt Cas. Dean burst inside the bathroom in a mix of panic and deadly fury. What he found inside left his heart equally galloping on the inside.
“I thought I did, but I learned to value what I had. It grew on me without me even realizing it. Being human snuck up on me like a beautiful flower growing between slabs in the pavement. I wasn’t paying attention, so hung up on the feeling of what I didn’t have, instead of appreciating what I had gained.”
Dean’s heart cranked up another notch.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s…” Jody considered it for a moment, “that’s actually not a bad idea.”
“You’ll never be an intrusion,” came the quick reply.
He leaned his head back, willing his muscles to relax against the leather seat. His eyelids were impossibly heavy. Still, he forced them open; his favorite part of the ride was just ahead — the last of the treetops gradually gave way to the walls of concrete surrounding the Keeper, tall and robust, soaring into the sky. At the top of a hill, the fort was surrounded by forest, except at its south where a cliff led directly to a lake, and on the east side where they had grown a vast crop of corn. This place didn’t exist to the unfamiliar eye, national maps didn’t show it, and most local ones didn’t mention it either.
“I mean, how did you do it? Save me, I mean. Because that was one hell of a storm. How did you manage to get me out of the water?”
The sounds got louder as they turned the corner. “Shit!” Charlie rasped. A group of around ten Croats blocked the road leading to their car.
“That’s because I’m basically living inside goddamn
Dean straightened up and met Cas’ mouth again. Something had eased the untamed ocean between them, lips moving tenderly and filled with care as their tongues danced and learned how to fit together at this new pace. Dean hooked a finger on Castiel’s necklace and tugged to pull him along. If before Dean had envied everyone else, this time he was sure this was just for him. How devotedly Cas looked at him as they extracted themselves from the wall, hand in hand, eyes never leaving each other as they made their way into bed.
Castiel clasped Gordon’s index and middle finger with a hand and twisted it in a quick, fluid motion, spraining Gordon’s whole arm almost to the point of breaking, forcing the man to twirl around and drop to his knee. “And I’m telling you,” he warned, wings flaring out sharply, “that is no way of welcoming our new friend. He might think we’re nothing but savages if you don’t behave.”
Cas was panting hard against Dean's shoulder blades. Firm body sliding up and down against Dean's back, covering them both in sweat.
“I have no doubt about that. You loved her like you love most of us here. But you weren’t
Castiel snapped his eyes open to see a crack running along the stone. It was small at first, feeble but there, greedy enough to grow across the surface. New cracks shot from the main one, filling the stone with crevices of light so bright it hurt to look at them. It grew impossibly radiant until the stone burst into several mismatched fragments, and a glow emerged from within.
“You’re evading. A defense mechanism that’s common to you when a subject doesn’t please you.”
Waking was almost lethargic as the sluggishness ebbed away, and he rolled to his back, wishing he could go back to sleep, staring at the ceiling, imagining how everything should be different.
“What’s up?” Dean asked, trying to keep his edginess from his voice, foot tapping a staccato rhythm on the floor.
“Leave it alone, Sammy. And give me time, I…” Dean gave a feeble smile even though his brother couldn’t see him. “I’ll get over it. I always do.”
After a span of time looking down at Earth, Gabriel had questioned him one day, a spark of something making his eyes golden for a moment. After another bolt of lightning had cracked the sky in half, he turned to Castiel and asked, “What do you dream of, little brother?”
So Dean surged forward before the communication between feet and brain could quite make it all the way through, hands cupping Cas’ face as he closed the last inches separating them and kissed Cas.
And even if that future would never come to be, at least they would have this night, pretending everything would come true.
“What the hell does that mean?” Bobby released a frustrated sigh. “Those words are some goddamn horse shit.”
“Is this you running again?”
“Let’s hope so,” he concurred with a grin. “Who’s on duty at the south lookout post?”
“No!” came the sharp reply, the nuances of the word so final, Sam just stared, agape. “I told your brother, there’s nothing I can do to help.” Cas raised his chin. “And whatever you might find in my blood, I assure you it wouldn’t be the cure you’ve been seeking.”
“Do you get along?”
The soft crunch of the earthly debris underfoot followed their steps as they made their way from the Impala to the first line of trees.
She seemed to relax against him, sighing softly before pulling away with a smile, an errant tear spilling from her eyelashes. “Alright, then.” She put him down. “You go on now… but be careful,” she added as Dean headed to the top of the stairs with his father.
“Almost five.” Dean splayed all the fingers on one hand open. “Please, mommy.” Dean grasped Mary’s blue shirt between his fingers, making her eyes fall to his small frame. “I wan’ learn. I’m a little man now.”
Gordon turned to him with a tight-lipped smile, wrinkles framing his eyes as he squinted at Castiel.
“I’m going too,” Cas announced
“The Croat must have dropped it before following you down,” Charlie provided before Dean had the chance to ask.
a little cheeky voice in the back of his mind whispered.
“Wait!” Dean screeched, raising his hand to stop the other two.
He shifted in Cas’ hold, rolling over to face him completely. “Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean said, catching Cas’ lips in a kiss.
“You were about to set everything on fire.”
“Sure they are…”
Cas reached out, consent implied in the way he immediately curled his arms around Dean’s neck when he leaned down to hold the merman against his chest.
They finally gave their orders. “On the house,” Charlie squealed, grinning at a mildly perplexed and pink-flushed Cas. Dean was waffling between strawberry-filled cheesecake or vanilla French toast, but ended up ordering blueberry pancakes and black coffee. Cas opted for buttered garlic-roasted slices of bread and a cranberry fruit drink that Charlie promised would taste as if it had just come fresh out of the garden.
, the voice demanded, as cold as the darkness caressing his mind. The vision so real, Dean could feel each inch of its sharp nail ripping open his chest and clawing around his heart, leaving him wide open to the bitter cold. The voice hauled Dean into the air, suspending him above a pit of faceless beings wailing at him, arms stretched and ripping at his legs, trying to pull him down.
Cas sighed, something darkening in the air around him as he dropped his hands to his side. “Dean,” he whispered, “Move!”
Dean shrugged but was unable to ease the strain along the muscles in his back.
“I’m right here, baby, you’ll never lose me,” Dean whispered into Cas’ hair before kissing his temple. And if the term of endearment surprised them both, neither of them commented on it.
“Don’t…” Cas leaned back slightly, his warm, firm body fitting against Dean. “I told you before, you have my permission to touch me… unless you don’t want—”
“Dean!” Charlie snapped her fingers in front of her. “Focus, please!” She cleared her throat when Dean’s eyes were back to her and her stupid poster. “Mer are proven to be just as peaceful and friendly as humans are. Some are dicks, yeah. But so are plenty of humans!”
“Not recently. But he’s probably at his favorite place.”
“No more than twenty minutes, okay? There’s a storm coming.” Sam’s voice came from above the boat.
He made a quick stop to grab coffee. It was bitter and not as strong as he liked, but it did the job. When he reached the limits of town, the words came to mind again,
They parked the truck by the edge of the tree line; the rest of the journey would have to be made on foot. Dean sent out an overjoyed whistle. He loved the woods. This forest was made of mostly willow trees and pines, but a few nut trees as well. Dean got out of the vehicle with a smile on his lips, contemplating each of the various trees — the old, robust ones, the smaller youngsters.
Once he was finished in his en-suite, he lumbered inside the bedroom, towel around his waist. He was in the middle of rough-drying his hair when he heard Cas entering the shared bathroom.
“Something to help with your situation.” He held the stone between two fingers, eyes patiently watching as Dean inspected the object warily before summoning up the courage to close his fingers around it.
“Sometimes.”
Despite how every muscle in Dean’s body tensed, ready to flee at any second, his soul puffed and danced around his heart, blooming against his ribcage as if delighted with the manifestation of Castiel’s grace.
“Most movies got it wrong; I’m sorry to inform you.”
“Look, just think about it as you helped me a year ago, now I’m helping you. Just a stranger, helping another stranger.” Dean hated the words as soon as they were out, and it just got worse when Cas turned to him again, a new shadow of hurt darkening his eyes.
Dean couldn’t help the weight on his chest crushing his lungs as Cas asked Jess, “What exactly transpires inside these aquariums?”
“I had four. Anna, Samandriel, Michael, and Gabriel.” Cas smiled.
?” Dean couldn’t imagine doing something similar to Sammy, or anyone important to him for that matter. Dean would rather put himself in harm’s way than risk the lives of the ones he loved.
Castiel squinted at her. “Elaborate, please.”
Cas fell asleep moments after, burrowed into Dean’s side, their limbs lazily tangled as he snored softly into Dean’s chest.
When they got home, Dean was exhausted. As much as he tried not to show it, seeing Cas so broken had left a gash in his chest, like a splinter he couldn’t remove. His only relief had been taking care of Cas. Comforting Cas, even with such small actions, had lifted some of the weight off his shoulders.
Instead, Dean reached for his necklace and took it off, slowly, so as not to spook the creature. He needed him close to suffer the worst of the impact of the blast.
“What happened?”
“And what makes you think we’ll meet him?” Sam roared somewhere beside Dean.
“Guests?”
Castiel pumped in and out a few more times before complying with the request. He added another finger, and Dean sighed, spreading his legs farther. Twisting his wrist, Cas scissored his fingers while going in a circular motion, pushing at Dean’s walls, loosening the muscles. A curl of pleasure coiled sharply in Dean’s groin, and it took more effort than usual to stop the small gasp from leaving his mouth.
“It’s something from my ancestors. Back home we… like to pay homage to the old language. I’m sorry if this was—” He released some of the hold around Dean, as if this had been a mistake, but Dean wasn’t ready to let go; he wanted to bask in the way Cas’ voice made him feel. So he reached for Cas’ hand and pulled him closer, bringing both palms to his chest, his heart drumming a content beat.
“Scary?” Dean provided. “That’s what happens when you’re part of a group.”
“Well, you’re not impressing me right now.”
Mary laughed, the melodic sound caressing Dean as she lifted him into her arms. “When did you grow up so much? If I’m not careful, one of these days you’ll say you’re leaving.”
Yes! Finally we get to see more from Cas and they get to interact together!!
They were a breath away and as Cas released a sigh, it melted against Dean’s skin in a warm puff of air. Dean followed the way Cas’ lips parted as they gravitated toward each other, eyes trained on one another.
“Still…” Cas looked up from the book and met Dean’s eyes again, his face haunted with weariness; there was something else there too, but Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on it.
“Dean, I need,” Cas said between rapid, shallow pants. “I need…”
Dean was about to crack a joke, his knee-jerk reaction each time he felt close to a sappy moment. But he couldn’t find it in himself to do it now, with Cas’ words hanging vulnerable and bare, his eyes full of expectancy. Dean couldn’t look away, couldn’t brush it off.
“I should…” Dean cleared his throat, the intensity in the other man’s eyes causing him to look away. Cas’ glass was empty. “Y’want anythin’ else? I could get you another—”
The pentagram grew more prominent as he dipped through the air, letting the sharp wind caress his face, hair flapping against his forehead as he descended into the pit.
Regardless of how worried Dean was, there was one lingering thought that would surely keep him wide awake at night — he had kissed Cas. He knew it was wrong to take advantage like that; Cas was in a vulnerable state and Dean shouldn’t have done it. It had been impossible to stop himself, though. When he had seen Cas so broken he would have done anything to make it better. Despite everything, kissing Cas had felt like every piece inside Dean had been put together again. Dean couldn’t see himself doing anything different even though he knew he shouldn’t have crossed the line like that. Even though he knew the taste of Cas’ lips would forever linger in his memory, he vowed to respect Cas and not repeat it.
“Then you get why I can’t see him anymore.”
It didn’t hurt at first, memories from when he was four and had been shot for the first time blurring his vision as he felt himself lying on the floor. “Dean,” he heard the panicky voice. “Dean!” it repeated. But Dean couldn’t answer anymore, his foggy thoughts drifting to his parents. He hadn’t been able to save them, but at least he got to save Cas now. This he had done right.
look that Cas never seemed to let go of.
Dean spun on his heels, excitement bubbling in his chest, already planning on asking Cas to come along. He couldn’t wait to find out Cas’ taste when it came to movies, did he like cowboys like Dean? Or was he more of a horror fan — Poltergeist, maybe? Nah, Cas was probably more of a The Shining type of guy.
Dean turned, stopping at Cas’ voice, “Dean?” he said, hesitation making his voice hang in the air, dissipating between the water drops. “Will you stay nearby?” Castiel watched him from the other side of the shower, the blue in his eyes richer through the veil of water.
“Yes.” Castiel’s forehead moved against his as he nodded.
It wasn’t quick; the half-hour dragged ass. Every moment he was there, watching Castiel without being able to learn everything about the man, was torture. He wanted to make Cas smile again, wanted to know what made him furrow his eyebrows or tilt his head in that cute way he had done before. Each new client, each new person that tried to flirt with him or offered to bring him home that night, only made him groan internally and hate his job a little more.
“Say what?”
“You know, you should take it easy on him.” Sam leaned against the desk.
Castiel’s eyes broke contact as he snapped his head in Sam’s direction, and Dean missed them immediately. Castiel pulled away as Sam’s voice yelled for Dean again, closer now. “You’ll be alright, Dean,” the man reassured and then disappeared.
“I appreciate you all coming here with me, but I go alone starting tomorrow. You can take the Impala back. I’ll take the other car.”
“Nope,” Dean said immediately. “I’m single and ready to mingle,” he added with a wink. “You?”
Dean’s hands moved up and down Cas’ back, running along the muscles, tracing each curve, and encouraging Cas to continue.
Dean stopped in front of Castiel, drawing near, the back of his finger trailing Castiel’s cheek. He offered a small but firm smile before leaning in to kiss Castiel, slow and sweet, none of the desperation from before. It was like the inevitability of what was to come had made them cherish what they had now, this instant, between soft exhales and the dragging of lips, murmuring unspoken promises into each other’s mouths. “Love you,” Dean whispered when they pulled back. “I’ll always love you,” he proclaimed into the shell of Castiel’s ear. He pressed his lips to Castiel’s temple and turned away. A single tear trailing down his cheek as he left.
Dean nodded.
Cas would reply with a fleeting curl of lips that didn’t really touch his eyes at first, muttering an occasional, “I’ll be alright.” As the hours went by, the small smiles began to reach his whole face, making the corners of his eyes crinkle gently. His deep frown finally disappeared and soon his hand covered Dean’s, lean fingers hesitating before Dean turned his palm beneath Cas’ and interlocked their fingers together. With a sigh, Cas turned his head to the view outside and watched the sky, and Dean wished he could take him to a different kind of blue, one that mirrored the stars in the sky in its vast ocean. Cas couldn’t return yet, though, not while there were still merpeople trying to kill him.
“You what, Cas?” he coaxed Cas’ eyes back to him, liquid blue charging against green, consuming the very electrified air hovering between them. Castiel still had Dean’s face cradled between his hands, fingers carding through light-brown hair; thumb slim and feather-like drawing soft patterns against Dean’s stubble.
Dean snapped his eyes open.
Cas smiled tenderly up at him as his hands found Dean’s, fingers laced together above Cas’ head as they looked into each other and Dean quickened his pace, feet digging in the mattress as he rocked their erections together, the friction forcing a surge of pleasure so fucking hot through his gut and along his insides, Dean felt like his blood was boiling.
“I love you, Dean,” Cas choked out, lips brushing Dean’s ear. “So much.” And the words alone were enough to tip him over the edge.
“What do we do?”
This is a good time to clear something up. Cas isn’t purposely hiding who he is to trick Dean into getting himself involved with him. He has his reasons and you’ll find later he meant no harm by hiding the fact that he is a mer to Dean. So please don’t be mad at Cas.
Cas resting his head on Dean’s lap as they read a book, Dean absently running his hand through the soft, dark curls or down his arm, palm splaying against his chest, feeling his heart just as human as Dean’s.
“And you are?” Dean howled back.
The vintage black iron bell announced their presence and Dean took a deep breath of the bitter aroma of ground coffee beans and sweet vanilla that welcomed them inside as they made their way to the counter.
I’m so excited to share this chapter with you because finally we get to see Cas’ point of view. I feel more at ease writing from Dean’s POV. But I’ll always be a Cas girl and I think he deserved to have his POV written as well so it was nice to show his side of things here.
“What happened?” Castiel was up and by his side before he could reply.
“I'll make a vow when I give you my mark. Any vow made under the passage of the mark must be fulfilled.”
“Yeah, tell me how you really feel,” Dean muttered.
He frowned.
Dean turned to the Impala, his baby was the fastest car they had, and when it came to important tasks, he trusted no other vehicle to get the job done. He pulled the trunk open to check if they had everything they needed — his holster, which he secured around his waist, ropes, a first aid kit, a couple of different bars and hammers, two flashlights and flares; Dean threw in his axe for good measure and tucked his gun in the back of his pants. He directed Lisa and Jo to one of their fastest vans and motioned Donna to join him. “Sam,” he said, turning to his brother. “You go back to the tower, keep me posted on their movements.”
He came back down through Cas’ heated voice. “Dean?” he asked, “Are you okay?”
Another shove sent Dean toppling through the water, turning him over and over, dragging him beneath the vessel. When the pull of the current slowed for a moment, he was disoriented; he had no idea which way was up or down, or how close he was to
In the end, that wasn’t enough.
“It’s okay, it’s okay,” Jo reassured the girl despite both knowing that wasn’t true. “We just have to—”
“I want to contribute,” he insisted, not giving a chance for Dean to argue before adding, “I was actually thinking about getting a job.”
“Hello, earth calling Dean?”
“Sorry,” Ben whispered, drawing in on himself. A few curious individuals in the hallway stopped and stared at them.
They moved at a frantic rhythm, hands exploring every inch of the other’s body, lips rough and devouring each other’s breaths. Their shallow panting filled the otherwise silent room as sharp teeth captured Dean’s bottom lip and pulled, drawing a moan out of him.
Dean chuckled against his shoulder. “Alright? That was the most intense orgasm I’ve ever had, dude.”
"Dean?" Cas tilted his head in that way of his, and Dean was glad that he didn't have to resist the urge to kiss him anymore.
“Air bubbles,” Castiel clarified. “The ocean is full of them. Every movement, every exhale, every life fills the water with bubbles. Even the constant lapping of waves produces foam which is made of air bubbles.”
Dean wasn’t able to join the preparations this year, first away on his trip outside, then too wrapped up in the way Cas tasted and felt against him.
“Hey, how about sharing a little?” he protested, eyes back to Cas’ teddy-bear hug around the pillow.
Dean was on his way to ready a bloody mary when a touch to his shoulder made him snap his head up. Jo was looking at him with a mischievous amusement in her eyes. “Let me handle that, loverboy. Go get your man and get out of here.”
genus. The meaning of the word comes from the greek Anthropos — human-being; and phagos — eating. Which put together becomes?”
“Yes, boss.” Dean gave a two fingers salute to Jo’s back as she left. Turning to Castiel, he grinned at the mild blush Cas was sporting from the use of the word romance. Cas blinked at his glass, before downing the rest of his martini. “Don’t mind her. She just likes to tease me but she’s awesome.”
That’s what Ellen used to say, anyway, and Dean had decided that for a life motto, that was as good as it could get. On the plus side, probably not many people were crazy enough to come out here, leaving the place full of supplies. As Bobby had pointed out, it was ripe for the picking, and if that wasn't Bobby being optimistic, Dean didn't know what was.
There was still something missing, so Dean kept driving. He drove along the lengthy road, snaking through the mountains and into the deepest heart of the forest, only stopping when the bold, neon words that read Roadhouse came into view.
Dean swallowed every last bit, stream after stream of cum pumped out of him as Dean licked eagerly.
He fled, fins paddling along the water and arms flailing quickly to propel him forward and increase the distance between him and the mer as much as possible.
“Morning,” he mumbled into the kiss before stretching himself until his bones popped. He got up, eyes half-closed, scratching his belly as he grumbled something along the lines of, “Hate mornings. Need some coffee,” and entered the bathroom.
“It’s almost healed,” Missouri said, nodding to the bandage — most of the damaged tissue had healed, giving way to pink, tender-looking skin and the faintest of a scar. The dressing was mostly just to hide the evidence of the bite. “That got you pretty bad. But… you’re still you,” she said tentatively, sending a quick glance to Charlie, not giving words to the friggin’ elephant in the room, but making Dean’s head snap at her all the same.
“Hello, Dean,” came Cas’ gruff voice from behind him.
Everything that had led to this moment, with his found family watching him through teary eyes, and the man he loved at his feet, made more sense than all the thousands of years he had lived before meeting them… meeting Dean. Dying for them was a choice of heart, and he had no regrets at the bitter end.
