When they fuck, Steve has his hands on Tony’s hipbones, his thighs, the back of his neck. He tangles fingers in his hair. He peppers kisses along the inside of his leg, traces the curvature of his muscle with artist’s fingers. It feels warm, loving, safe, and yet something about it leaves Tony deeply insecure.
“My servers are secure,” he’d insisted, “better than any locked vault. Nothing to be afraid of.”
“Tony?” He asked, gently, “You know I didn’t want to let you go, right?”
“What? No, he’s just busy sometimes. I’m sure he’s around.”
He’s not going to be able to stand easily.
“Oh,” Tony said, looking pleasantly surprised, “Thank you. Yes, er. And you’re— wait, don’t tell me.”
BDSM hot tips.
The body, he realizes, his thoughts still coming too slowly, will need to match up with the story. In the next ten minutes, this man intends to kill him.
He offered Steve the papers, which were in envelopes.
mistakes, he didn’t come in time, didn’t ask quickly enough, had really thought that going through files could have been as important as being there on scene, as the work Steve was doing, and what if, what if it’d been worse, what it’d been weapons—
Tony is silent. Suddenly, he’s at a complete loss what to say.
Tony thinks, and doesn’t say.
“This and that.” He repeats, running his fingers over the smooth ridges of the thing. “Wild youth, huh?”
“You’re Sherlock—“ Tony hiccups, which, for some reason, makes him sneeze. “— fucking Holmes, over here. Listen, the time’s now and the place is here.”
Neither of them bring it up again. Steve imagines offering to add more flowers another night, but the mysterious implication looms over them, unclear but somehow all the scarier for it.
On the way there, they fill him in; they’re dealing with an invasion of some kind of inhuman beings, ones apparently either made out of lava or capable of somehow harnessing it. Stark had been the first to get the call. Iron Man has left ahead of everyone else, and is now facing their mysterious foes alone.
Staring down out of the windows of the Avengers helicopter, he imagines when Stark must have gotten the call. It couldn’t have been much after their meeting at the lab. Stark must still have been shaken up. Steve pictures vividly Stark’s white, shaky hand on the phone, his knees hitting against the top of the table, sending test tubes clattering. Maybe he has a cigarette in his hand, white paper wrinkling under sweaty fingers. He must still sound authoritative, though, when he speaks, commanding, like the CEO he is. He’ll say comforting, self-assured words, like, “I’ll be right there!” or, maybe, “itemize the cost of the replacement.”
He’ll need something solid, he decides, picking up a thick, hefty leather strap, and then the rest of the kit with it. It’s several layers of the tough stuff, a little overdue to be oiled, too-rigid when he bends it over his own arm.
, 4:15 PM
“Shellhead,” Steve breathes, uncertain of what else to say.
But he’ll take any of them over the sorts of words other people throw at him.
Tony, who’s always called the former a
and sees only the nearly typed up government file he’d found on the man. He’s got an overactive imagination.
“C’mon,” he says, taking hold of Steve’s arm, “we’re headed out, you’re coming to my place.”
“Old friends,” Amora says, taking another step forward, “he’s… very important to me.”
“What?”
Tony squeezes his eyes shut hard. His head pounds. He’s exhausted. “Yeah, that’s capitalism for you,” he returns nonsensically, an over-familiar joke, “speaking of which, I have a meeting. I gotta go.”
feel complete without Iron Man, but Steve felt at ease with their little group, the kind of battle-forged ease that didn’t expect to Tony Stark.
put himself on the same stage as superhumans, as Gods? What the hell had he been playing at?
To Tony’s surprise, Steve and Jan never get back together. The two of them find a common language on the team quickly enough, both willing to put baggage aside for the greater good, but rarely talk in the quiet moments between missions, don’t look at each other in training.
The man returns with a glass of room temperature lemon water, which Tony accepts with gratitude that surprises him. He steadies Tony’s hand when he drinks, the necessity of which annoys Tony.
This is a man with the clear and complete expectation of privacy. Too bad he didn’t lock the lab.
It’s not that there aren’t words, even.
He’s really going to have to do this. There’s no other way.
“I just think the color scheme is awful,” he says, “I saw that suit, and I — red, white, and blue? That’s awful. I decided not to talk to you after that. Clearly, your choices were— I. Why are you awake?”
Rogers stares him down, looking about to protest, but all he says is, “Let me get a change of clothes.”
“Seems like I’ve got you now, big guy.” It comes out wrong, fake-sultry in a way that’s not even hot in porn. It doesn’t sound like his voice.
They’d spent the past week tracking down some cult in New England which claimed to be capable of black magic. Though Tony had initially dismissed it as either mutant powers or chemical weapons, he’s beginning to believe their claims. Just as they’d rounded up the last of the group, Cap had been hit with a blast of something green and strangely lemon scented.
“He’s already on the scene,” Giant-Man informs him. “Let’s get a move on.”
” onto his arm. Nothing happens. The words don’t fade.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Never have I ever given a blowjob.” It’s not meant as anything — he knows full well that this is the one game where Cap never loses, and is aiming to get the ladies out— but this is where he sees it. Two tiny spots of color appear on Steve’s cheeks, and he makes a tiny upward movement with his glass of coke, as though about to drink, before he refrains.
He lays back again. The man fixes the bandages on his head and sits back down in bed next to him. It’s casual, natural. He takes up space like he belongs.
“Three days out of surgery now,” he informs Tony, “doc was in earlier. You didn’t wake up much. She said the amount of swelling was fine n’ they’d come by to drain it tomorrow.”
“Whatever I’m going to feel like in the morning,” Tony says, making eye contact with him, “I’m going to be worse if you’re dead on the rocks out there.”
The only soap opera he finds is in Spanish, which Tony speaks and Steve doesn’t. He seems content to watch anyways.
“Ah,” he said, pleasant, “Seems that portal had worked a little too well. Mind telling me the date?”
Before he can correct him, Steve reaches over and picks Tony up. It’s a gentler gesture, lighter, and though Tony’s masculinity refuses to let him label it as “bridal style,” one of Steve’s hands is under his knees and the other on his back.
Years later, he still doesn’t care for Oscar Wilde.
“Please do.” Future-Steve set down the ruler and rose.
Tony shrugs. “Osborn’s my best guess.”
The thing is, though, that Steve isn’t the kind of man who likes secrets. He likes everything on the straight and narrow, likes to understand and be understood. He likes to label things. He likes to be in control.
For a while, they sit.
“Ewww,” Lucy says immediately, “’s not.”
kind of been anticlimactic, hadn’t he, surrendering as easily as he had with no one hurt?
Hydrangeas are blooming outside, in the mansion’s garden. Steve, who should have questions to ask, statements to make, sketches the shape of the flower, four-point blossoms layered on top of each other. He adds the individual texture, shades with the pad of his thumb.
Something about her eyes briefly disarms him; by the time he thinks to step back, to grab his own identicard, to shout, her hand is resting over his heart and he can’t move.
“A couple weeks ago,” Tony says, and suddenly feels dizzy with how much changed, how quickly things have gone, “When we were all still— still here. You said you lied about something.”
fuckin’
Tony glanced at the other Steve, who shrugged. “I was just leaving.”
Tony thinks he could leave and Cap would just stay standing here, indefinitely, with that same aimlessly determined set of his shoulders, the same torn uniform, blood dripping from his nose onto the shiny tiled floor.
Steve had volunteered, and why?
By the end, Tony’s once more on the edge of sleep, his body objecting to being kept awake for any reason. He thinks Steve even tires himself out; by the time they’re done, he just uses the bedsheet to wipe them off and collapses on top of Tony, his arm slung heavily over his waist.
He doesn’t think he’s been taken to make some kind of point, that this is political. He hasn’t been roughed up nearly enough. There’s no symbolic ripping of his tie, no blood dripped artistically onto his hands. It’s possible this’ll come later, but there’s something practical, matter of fact, about the way that this man holds his clipboard.
“You said you were fine, twice,” Tony says, frowning, “I think that’s what you said last time, too.”
The knowledge leaves him reeling for a moment, nausea rising again to the back of his throat. He’d thought himself alright with death, but faced with it here, the banality of it — some terrorist group he’d never even heard off, a dusty room and fucking bright green safety scissors — he can’t quite stomach it.
Instead, he sticks the empty Fanta bottle in his pocket and walks along the little dirt path by the gravestones, absently noting names and dates. By the resting place of Beverly Adams, 1949-2010, beloved mother, he’s surprised to feel his vision blur and swim.
“Not Cap anymore,” Steve reminds him blearily, and coughs.
It’s the kind of fake, condescending charm Tony is sure Rogers would hate.
Steve reaches over and runs a thumb over Tony’s chin, tilting it up slightly so they make eye contact, “That gonna go alright?”
And then, one warm, heavy night when Steve sits down on the mansion’s balcony to drink beers with Giant-Man, he knows with certainty that, somewhere, his soulmate is carefully applying concealer over a bruise on their face.
He lies, as Jarvis holds the box out to Rogers, “I’m sure it’d look better in your humble home than it ever did here.”
Tony starts on his way out, making a slow circle along the outer edges of the room, engaging a dozen or more people in polite conversation as he says goodbye. Each time Steve thinks they’re about to go, another face seems to pop up, and he resigns himself once more to waiting. Annoyance bubbles up in his chest — is this necessary? Can’t Tony just
How many sides can Tony have? How many masks can one man wear? And how can Steve know, really, which one of them is true?
Jarvis falls to the floor, the tray in his hands. He hadn’t even seen anything. He hadn’t said anything. It’s nothing but cruelty at this point, an old grudge taken to its logical extreme.
“You’re coming back with me,” he says, “to my place. Leave the paperwork you’re dying to get done for tomorrow.”
as he fell, followed by the clink of metal against the tile floor. He was a big man, blond, dressed in an orange jumpsuit. He smelled like sweat, and his hair, from behind, looked greasy.
Tony flexes his fingers around the clapper, draws breath through his mouth, cold air squeezing in around the gag, and gives a little nod. It’s all Steve needs.
And there it comes again, the little flush, the momentary embarrassment, the upward gesture of the glass towards his lips.
Steve, Tony realizes, is on the verge of crying with excitement. It should be a happy moment, and yet—
“Are you alright?” He asks. “Was that alright?”
He lasts all of a week before he tries to write to her, carefully penning the words “
His counterpart arrived first. He seemed a little surprised to see Steve, his face screwing up in not-quite-concern.
“Just, er, 2018. Fourteen years.” Steve said, “Crazy to think about, isn’t it?”
Rationally, Tony knows Steve can’t be using everything he’s got, knows Steve’s blows can break steel. This doesn’t stop him from
Tony makes eye contact with him, his heart suddenly pounding hard against his ribcage. No one else had seen.
Tony is sitting in the Cap tribute room, his back against the wall and legs stretched out in front of him, dress shoes pressed against the stand of the original helmet, the version that hadn’t gone down in 1945. In his hands, he clutches the 1951 collectible action figure which had been a comfort item as a child. In hindsight, he’d been obvious.
The feeling stemmed, probably, from his strange emotions about the man himself. It wasn’t that they disliked each other; they’d always been cordial. Steve liked the guy, wanted the guy to like him back. Mr. Stark had offered Steve room in his home. Mr. Stark had funded the team. Mr. Stark joined Steve, these days, for games of tennis and lunches out on the mansion’s terrace. But something about the man’s presence — his perfectly tailored clothes, his simple, expensive colognes, the air of sophistication which hung around him — made Steve feel like he was somehow not enough.
“Yeah, there he is,” Tony pulls his hands free, gently rubbing his wrists for a moment. Steve feels almost nothing around his fingers, the warmth of his touch piercing through ice.
One moment, the man had not been there. The next, he was falling onto the workshop’s floor.
And then, just like that, second wave of
Tonight, of all nights, will be his first time fighting with the Avengers.
At first, he thinks he’d lost or trashed it, but, finally, he digs it out from the bottom of one of the many random drawers in his desk, flips it open.
The man he’s speaking to, the leader, blocks his sightline, and Tony squeezes his eyes shut hard in frustration. If asked, he can feign a headache.
Steve doesn’t say anything.
It would be a quick in and out, Tony had said, forty-eight hours ago, before the plane crash, before the carefully timed explosions, before the cave — both of them should know by now to mistrust caves — and the ambush waiting inside.
“Yeah, but do you
Tony hears the beating of his own heart, the hard thrum of blood agains his eardrums. He’s a man of shooting shots.
He could live. And what could Steve say to that?
Have a good day,
And yet.
Steve rolls his eyes, his expression settled into a distant sort of fondness, and obediently keeps his trap shut the rest of the way.
“Listen,” he says, once Steve’s burger is mostly gone and Steve’s mouth is full, “meds mixed weird with alcohol last night. If you don’t ever bring it up again, I won’t.”
It’s the code to open up the briefcase, in case of emergency. Steve nods, short and sharp. Understood.
“Let’s see,” Tony says, racking his brain to remember, “you were fine, fine, and fine last night.”
The honest answer presents itself in Tony’s mind:
Elsewhere, he’s putting on his gloves, smooth red leather on calloused skin. He’s in the helicopter. He’s worried about landing. He’s worried about Iron Man. He’s had a cup of coffee brewed too strong, and it stays acidic on his tongue now, ten minutes later. He can’t stop thinking about Iron Man, can’t stop trying to slot him into a picture. He remembers—
Their unexpected guest arrived at four PM on a sunny Thursday afternoon. It was May 30
Tony cut the cuffs with some sort of specialized metal saw, and, as they rejoined the other two men, New-Steve set a hand lightly on Tony’s upper arm, walking much closer to him than Steve ever dared.
and even
Tony laughs, charmed. “Bet, then.”
“They won’t quit without me,” he says, “they sure didn’t last time.”
“Great,” Steve says, drily, “I’ll make sure to use that as a topic of conversation.”
Steve looks up at him, and they make eye contact. Tony can’t read his expression, because Steve is barring him up, constructing barriers.
He’s seen everything he can find about Thor, from his interview on
They’re two men in a cave with the power to hurt each other very, very badly.
“I hope you know you’re my ride home,” Steve says, sitting down across from him.
“Tell me you feel it too,” Iron Man says, his voice low in Steve’s ear. It would be seductive, if not for the cold edge underlying his words, some note Steve can’t quite read. Anxiety, he tells himself, desperation.
“What?”
Amora is already waiting for them. She stands so still that Steve could mistake her for a statue, especially at her height, but even in the faint moonlight, her long dress sparkles.
He grunts, shrugs.
Tony sits up against the wall and lies through his teeth, “I wasn’t asleep.”
He can’t tell if Steve’s tense or if it’s just the the position he’s forced his arms into. He’s perfectly still, not responsive, and Tony doesn’t know if it’s the ropes or something else.
“It should be,” Future-Steve promised, “and it’s your best option. There’s not a lot of time left, and… we miss you. We need you. We could make you happy. We could keep you safe.”
Well, Tony isn’t the kind of guy to want a cuddle afterwards. He can’t allow himself to be.
Alarms wake both of them before the first rays of the sun even think about poking out from under the horizon. Avenger business.
Everyone’s fingerprint is unique. Tony learns this watching documentaries on the couch with his feet tucked away under his mom’s warm leg. He’s back home from boarding school for Christmas, and he’s learned to keep to himself when his father is around, to act like he’d been properly hardened up, the way he was supposed to have been, but right now he allows himself this.
That was quick.
You’ve reached Captain America. Evil never rests; it seems I’m a little busy at the moment. Leave a message with your phone number and the reason for your call, and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.
He blinks at her, suddenly taken aback. “This a ‘God’s plan’ sort of sentiment, or—?”
Tony raises an eyebrow at him. This is how he likes to see himself; cool, collected, in control, forcing this situation into his own terms. He feels like a playboy. It’s the slightly aggressive, predator-and-prey style seduction of the schlocky 1980s action flicks he’d grown up watching, with himself as a Harrison Ford and Steve Rogers as Karen Allen.
This has hurt Steve as deeply as anything else could hurt him, he realizes, which tells him two things.
and the man does.
Thank you to everyone who's stuck with me & with this fic! I would love to hear your thoughts. If you'd like, you can also find me on tumblr under welcomingdisaster. Sometimes I take writing prompts!
“Yeah,” he said, “it was.”
“Oh,” Steve says, sounding the kind of neutral he almost never sounds, his voice unreadable.
How many times had he caught a crinkle of eye through the faceplate?
Tony reached up to his own shoulder, indicating the place where an armband would sit. “Hydra. They were Hydra.”
Steve looks a little scuffed up, sweaty, but he’s not holding himself like he’s hurt. The cowl is torn around the eye, a straight tear along the seam, the kind of thing he’ll insist on getting fixed instead of replaced. The gloves are dirty.
One large hand closes around his throat. Another clamps hard over his mouth. Two more grab at his arms.
I know I haven’t been making that easy.
He follows the team back. His request has the highest chance of working if he asks in private, and, for the next several hours, Rogers is a hard man to get alone. He shakes hands with soldiers, nods gruffly at the other SHIELD breach teams, shouts things like, “saw you boys out there!” and “keep it up!” most of which, Tony is sure, he doesn’t really mean all that much.
Steve’s heart had damn near stopped. He hadn’t said anything, watching Fury with the wary eyes of a cornered predator. Let him make the first move. Let him say what he knows and what he’s ready to do with the information.
Tony glances between the two men, assessing. He’d be lying if he said he didn’t see the night’s conversation coming to this. He’d be lying he said he hadn’t set himself up, to some degree, for this line of questioning.
His hands shake as he clicks on it, the fear bone deep, and reads, skimming down to find the meat of the story:
Steve braces himself with a hand on Tony’s hip as he lines Tony up and sinks down, and Tony, once more, watches his face. It’s brief; Steve’s eyes flutter shut as though to brace himself as he pushes Tony’s cockhead into his rim, and then Tony feels as much as sees that Steve forces himself to loosen up, relaxing each muscle in turn. It’s careful, deliberate; he feels himself, adjusts, and then sinks all the way down, suddenly so hot and tight around Tony that he can’t help a startled moan.
“See Tony off,” Steve said, giving his counterpart a flat, tight smile. He wanted to see the other man’s reaction, find some reason to disbelieve this, to call it off, to tell Tony his suspicions, but he was disappointed; the other man only nodded at him.
It’s not the best angle; even when he braces himself against the back of the seat with his elbow, Tony doesn’t have the leverage he needs to fuck down as much as he wants, the space. He gets by, accompanying rhythmic twitches of his hips with tugs at Steve’s hair.
Her hands on his crotch, soft through the velvet of his pajamas, make her meaning clear.
“Magic that revealed my hidden desires and personified them.” Steve points out, his eyes trained on the sky above them.
He realized, then, that he was talking about this in transactional terms, monetary terms. The things Tony Stark had done for them, for him. Before he could mention anything else — the lunches, the games of tennis, the strange, nervous sort of affection he felt for Tony, the way he’d been worried—
Automatically, Tony checks him out, lets his eyes roam casually over Steve’s body. From a distance, he looks clean shaven, hairless, but Tony knows he’s covered in fine, near white-blond body hair.
“Christ, darling, take that off,” Tony says, reaching for the buttons of Steve’s shirt. These are deeper; Tony sees a sliver of rib bone where the cuts intersect.
And Tony hadn’t pushed, because Tony, the damn fool, had loved him. It hadn’t been a good time for Captain America to come out. It hadn’t been a good time for Captain America to come out with Iron Man on his arm — his name, despite everything, was far from squeaky clean. It hadn’t been a good time for them. They’d been too new to the game, too sensitive, still feeling out the edges of the uncertain thing blooming between them, still trying on words — lover, sweetheart, partner, friend. Tony, as he’d always tended to do at the beginning of a relationship, was already imagining the way their names would look like together, trying Tony Rogers and Steve Stark on for size. Steve, who had only dated women before, had floundered.
“I didn’t think you and I liked each other very much,” he replies, meaner than he’d intended. Steve watches him for a long moment, his expression completely unreadable. He’d spat out a tooth in the final fight, and Tony can see him running his tongue over the hole in his gum.
“The fingers come off,” he says, demonstrating as he explains it, “tiny, tactical zippers. More practical for those of us eyeing the shrimp.”
“Remember,” Tony mutters, low enough that only Steve’s super-soldier ears will pick up on it, “7-20-69.”
“Don’t be weird,” Tony tells him, stopping by the bar near the entrance to help himself to a Bloody Mary to go. “Drinks?”
he want? Why is he doing this?
It comes down to this: Tony had placed trust in the wrong person. Tony had allowed great, smart, innovative technology to fall into the wrong hands. Steve had cleaned up his mess. Steve had risked his life fighting men who were using his technology while Tony fooled himself into thinking that trying to trace the cause the issue was relevant.
go there. I did all the same things he did, really.”
“I’m so sorry,” he says, and he activates the nanites in her brain and bloodstream, the ones he’d injected to give her control of his suits.
There’s nothing to tinker with in this cave. There’s not even a screw driver. Tony’s usual mission kit has been lost with his left gauntlet. He can’t think of a way to fix his flight thrusters with his bare fingers.
“You want to frame Iron Man for my murder,” he says, slowly, “that’s why you’ve got me in his equipment.”
“I think I felt I was losing Iron Man,” he says finally, “rather than gaining you.”
“Can you be rough with me?” He asks. “I need something intense right now.”
“Is that Iron Man?”
He’s going to have to blindfold Steve, he thinks, to give himself a little bit more time to figure out what the hell he’s doing. His practical brain is working, at least, where his sexy brain is failing.
But no. It’s too big, too grand, the whole wall coming down. Steve catches a glimpse of gold and red as Iron Man moves past him, a blur of motion. He hears shouting, sees repulsor blasts, this time fired skillfully, precisely. More men, guards, storm the room.
If Tony’s a little bit in love with him, if sometimes the rare boyish grin leaves him lightheaded, if he’s started saving notes Steve leaves him if they so much as hint at affection (“Last night was nice, gone for lunch with B & G, looking forward to dinner - SR”), if he’s at the point of being able to picture Steve’s body the moment he closes his eyes, that’s his own problem.
Should have asked Jarvis. Should have just bought something. He didn’t know why he’d decided to bake at all; perhaps, and now he felt stupid for it, he’d thought he’d impress Tony Stark with something old fashioned, something heartfelt.
His new butler — the one whose name he still doesn’t remember, ten years older than him with a chubby baby face and crew cut hair — is overeager to please. He fetches Tony cocktail after cocktail, and Tony’s thoughts swirl, more and more disoriented, anxious in new and unexpected ways, as the evening fades into night.
“Wait for them if at all possible,” he says, “you’ll need the suit on. We can cover you.”
to spend time with me. There wasn’t any reason for you to fake that. I don’t know why I thought there was.”
It’s goes further than that, though, and Tony is self aware enough to know that. Thor is just as muscular as Rogers, just as a blond, and perhaps only a little less pretty.
“So,” Steve starts, but Tony interrupts him.
He lets his head fall forward, hoping the man might mistake him for dead, might leave him this way, but no luck. The second blast, ineptly shot, grazes his shoulder, sharp, burning pain. Steve bites down on the gag and tastes carbon reinforced leather.
Tony had replied,
Instead of answering — though they’re alone now, it certainly feels like the walls at the Mountain have ears — Steve cranes his phone up towards Tony to let him see.
They waited until they heard future-Steve’s footsteps on the stairs, followed by the level whirring of the elevator.
“Might be a bit,” Steve says, “with the debrief and all.”
Something smells good, hearty, which is unusual for this type of gathering; in Steve’s experience, expensive finger foods rarely smell of anything at all, leaving the air space free for colognes and perfumes.
He checks it, just in case, using his eyes and the computer system he’d jacked from the police. Probable match.
). He’s built better, built like a soldier, a fighter. He moves right, speaks right. Steve thinks he would recognize him without being told. In some ways, he had.
“Tonight. She pushed me to go as quickly as possible, which I think is a good sign. I picked a place nearby where I’d stayed once; large courtyard, easy enough to redirect a confrontation away from people. We’ll go in first and keep scouting for information. Thor and the Wasp will stand by to provide back-up.”
And Steve had said, “OK.” and that had been it.
They’re looking for Amora the Enchantress, who has apparently been spending her days among New York’s elite. Several men in these circles had vanished suddenly and without a trace, having left nothing behind but a note professing to have decided to run away with their lovers, and Thor had been convinced she was looking to trap him specifically. Though he was willing to take the bait, the team had decided to do things differently.
Weakened like he is, without the suit, without weapons, he has no recourse against these men. He’ll never fix the machinery in time, never take them hand-to-hand.
Just that knowledge is making it easier to write.
Future-Steve picked up his plate, finishing the remaining cake in several big bites. “Oh,” he said, sounding surprised. “’s good.”
Tony glanced back once to his Steve, and stuck his hand out, uncertainly, for a handshake. “Fourteen years, old friend,” he said, and for a moment, Steve heard someone else in his voice, someone closer to him. He couldn’t place it, couldn’t say who, and so he stuck his hand out and shook Tony’s firmly.
“I was worried,” he says.
“Yeah, I— bad country. I think it’s awful. You’d probably disapprove. Maybe I’m a Nazi.”
It’s the moon landing.
“Pants.”
The program works. If his soulmate, the person who had left  — would leave? — the finger print over Tony’s thumb, is in any system, and Tony gets his hands on the data, he should find them.
“Yeah, big guy, I know, I was there,” Tony reaches forward and taps Steve on the shoulder. He doesn’t know what he means by this.
“My hands, please,” Tony says, “and give me a pen. I need to make some notes, run this up against what I remember. It’s going to need a lot of correcting.”
She sets it down and steps forward towards him. For a moment, he thinks she’s going to hug him, but instead she gets on her tiptoes and kisses him hard on the lips, pushing him backwards into the wall.
Steve stands up, gesturing to the desk. “Your armor’s here, too.”
And so, as they sit down in the backseat of the car, the two middle seats between them, Tony casually toes off his dress shoes and worms his cold feet under Steve’s big warm thighs.
He stopped, glanced back between the two of them as though taking a second to orient himself, to tell them apart, and turned to Steve.
He’d felt guilty imagining it.
“Don’t you think joining our team could provide a useful platform to get that message out there, Thor?” Tony asks.
He wakes up with a headache, comfortably warm. Something — bandages? a towel? — has slid down over his left eye, and tickles his eyelashes unpleasantly, the skin under it over warm. He feels hazy and slightly adrift, and he guesses idly what painkillers he’s on. Oxycodone? Methadone? On instinct, he feels for a patch on his arm and finds it. Buprenorphine, maybe.
“Yeah,” Tony says, “Yeah, sure.”
He takes Steve’s hand and pulls it into his lap, tracing his fingers over the layers of solid muscle. He’s build himself a body, once, and he most of what he remembers about the process involves layers and layers on top of each other, bone, muscle, skin, fibrous planes intersecting, overlapping. He imagines what it would be like to pull Steve apart, imagines what he looks like underneath the skin, more muscle than Tony has ever seen on a body, opened up and on display. Some part of him feels like if he can only understand Steve if he sees the inside of him, the raw parts hidden away from the world, but even under the skin, Steve’s perfection incarnate. He could be the musculature diagram hanging on the walls of every biology classroom in the country.
“Don’t pick at that,” Tony says, tapping against the sutures with one of his own fingers. Miraculously, they’ve survived. “I don’t want blood on my carseats. Genuine leather.”
Tony pulls out the leather blindfold and fits it neatly over his eyes, and then lets his hand tangle in Steve’s hair, trailing down.
His hands were still on Tony’s shoulders, stabilizing, and it was easy to urge him forward, to close his arms around the unyielding metal brace. Tony buried his face in Steve’s shoulder, leaving tiny wet spots on shirt, and clung to him like a drowning man.
“Are you alright?” Steve asks him, one hand on the side of his face, his thumb pressing into Tony’s skin just under his eye. “What’s going on?”
Tony thinks, dumbly,
Now, Steve wasn’t so sure. Maybe this was a prank, and there was a reason Iron Man hadn’t shown up. It didn’t quite seem his style, but, as uneasy as he felt about the whole thing, Steve was ready to believe it.
Maybe if Steve had been using his technology, he wouldn’t have lost contact. Maybe if Tony had made a point from the beginning to outfit him, to make sure he was on the same level as the men he’s fighting, this wouldn’t have happened. Maybe if Tony hadn’t slept in, if he’s asked Steve what was happening the morning he’d left, why the tides had turned—
He stares at the picture Steve hadn’t let him digitize and finds it harder and harder to believe.
“Sure thing, darling,” says Tony, who won’t be alive to win this bet, “you can owe me one.”
Steve glances down at the barely-there spots under his arms like he can tell something is off, but leaves without question. Tony can hear the water switch on and knows he’s bought himself five minutes at most.
Then again, he’s not Cap anymore. He’s a figurehead, a relic of a bygone era, desperately trying to keep together a team that had been enemies only a year prior, to protect a world doesn’t want him, a world that he doesn’t understand.
Tony stumbled back, catching himself roughly on the wall. “God,” he said, squeezing his eyes shut. “Jesus, Cap.”
He shouldn’t write that. He shouldn’t write any of that.
The next morning, Natasha watches, still in her lingerie — she actually sleeps in her lingerie, unlike any other girl he’s known, the lacy black push-up bra on more often than it’s off— and pulls him down when he tries to rise.
Steve curls up on his side, rejected and lonely, and returns to his childhood fantasies; someday, he tries to convince himself, his soulmate will just have to love him.
Something very cold and sharp slides smoothly into his neck. He’s going to be late for the meeting.
“Uh, yeah,” Tony says, “nothing new there.”
“Get back,” he told him; Tony, after all, was a civilian, and he didn’t want him to get hurt. And, shield still in hand, he knelt cautiously by the man on the floor. He didn’t quite know where to start. “Are you alright, mister?”
And then he moves on. He checks system after system — prison records, government employees, arrest records from other countries, immigration records, anything else he can find — and sees no matches. He tells himself not to be disappointed.
Steve Rogers is a shitty liar, but no one, not even his girlfriend, watches him as closely as Tony does once they start playing. Three of them are drunk enough to almost immediately veer into the territory of uncomfortably sexual once they start playing.
Steve picks up on the fourth ring.
“You hurled all over the bed,” Steve informs him, gesturing at the offending vomit.
“Yeah,” Tony says, “no, that’s adding up. Good work.”
Steve considered telling him his misgivings, but even to him, they sounded stupid; future-him had looked at him wrong. Future-him had seemed calculating. Future-him had gotten touchy with Tony, which, for some reason, had actually seemed welcome.
“You can come,” Steve says, and Tony, who wasn’t waiting for permission, does.
It looks nice, he thinks. It’s maybe the best he’s done. Still, neither of them moves to stand.
“I didn’t think you and her liked each other very much,” Tony says.
“Jesus,” he says, “I don’t know why that’s…”
He pulls a robe on over his short undersuit, slippers over his bare feet, and, feeling comically out of place, rejoins the team downstairs. It seems strange to be a part of this group, mostly military or secret intelligence, people hardened by circumstance and force of will. Even now, Tony feels like an imposter, like a boy playing action figures, bashing his glorified transformer doll against Captain America and Thor.
“No, I meant—“ she sighs, frustrated. Perhaps he shouldn’t have pushed. “He knew what he was getting into. We— well, they wouldn’t have been in the line of fire in an ideal world, but— this was all because of us, right? And we’re doing the right thing.”
He arches his back and lets Steve hit him, hesitant and slow at first, and then, warming up, hard and fast.
“Sorry, would you mind hanging back?” He asked, “I’d really like to talk to you, when you’ve got a minute. Future stuff, about.” He glanced back over at Steve, and then at Tony, his expression meaningful. “You know.”
Confused but moved, Steve heeds his desperate plea and steps back, leaving the lab in sure, long strides. He doesn’t know that this means, what it could be, but he doesn’t want to watch that man have a heart attack, or a stroke. Perhaps Stark is a man incapable of confrontation. Still, though, it’s incredibly obvious he’s hiding something, and Steve plans not to let it go.
With a jolt, Steve realized he was looking at his own face. For a moment, as they locked eyes, he thought he saw something flicker over his other-self’s face; hatred, so pure, so vitriolic it made him shiver.
“Cap baked,” the Wasp tattled, as they made their way up to the elevator. “It’s, like, super crooked.”
He finally runs into the man himself three weeks into his stay at the tower. Steve’s insomniac, again, and this time he’s wandered down to the lab. It’s locked most days; the Wasp had known the code but he hadn’t. This time, though, the door is slightly ajar.
“I’m not.” Steve cuts him off, his tone clipped, sharp, leaving no room for argument. “I think
The spell is broken. Cap startles, glances up at him. Tony grins in response and pushes away from the table. “Well, ta-ta. Duty calls.”
Then again, he wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for a few unannounced, last minute rescues from team members. It’s not exactly legal, but he can tap into their comms, listen in for a little while before coming down.
“Well,” Tony said, “the good news is that I can fix this pretty easily. The bad news is, it overloaded my machines. The calculations alone are probably going to take up all night.”
“Should have done this yesterday,” the Wasp told Steve, sounding amused, “no weird superhero stuff then.”
His soulmate is here. For the first time ever, she’d seen something he’s written to her. For old times’ sake, he shakily doodles a dandelion.
“I’m not gonna get anywhere,” he tells Steve, grabbing his upper arm for balance. “I’m too— my cerebellum is all fucked, that’s what—“
“Christ,” he says, “I’m sorry. Breathe.”
None of them believe Thor about it until it’s too late and Hawkeye’s family lays slaughtered in their warehouse, the man himself missing. For the first time in their year-long relationship, Tony sees Natasha cry.
“It’ll shake out. You’ll be okay.”
It doesn’t look how he wants it to look. Steve’s out of practice. He feels a brief pang of disappointment when the flower doesn’t fade away, but it’s the resigned disappointment of a man who had not won the lottery; deep inside, he’s always known his chances were near zero.
Tony glances away, “You were dead, Cap. I couldn’t just toss them.”
“Yeah, you can owe me.”
Steve stands at the opening of the cave, staring out at the cliffs that surround them. His own limp hasn’t stopped him from pacing. In the faint light, Tony can see the places where the back of his uniform has been torn, revealing broken flesh underneath fabric, hooked cuts, the tell-tale torn flesh surrounding a too-dull implement. He’d been tortured for longer than Tony had. They’d cared more about him.
he thinks,
It’s some time before he can throw the funeral itself. He’s waiting for after shakes of the disaster to pass, feeling that it’d be wrong to take up space while good men and women — men and women who’d never betrayed them — still lay unburied.
He wonders, as they drift closer to their destination, which one of knows pain better. Tony has spent the past year in a constant haze of headaches and migraines, of body aches great and small, had thrown up so much post-chemo that the line from his throat down to his stomach had been one single trail of agony.
“Yeah. That’s what worries me.”
“Is your pretty friend coming, too?” Steve asks, gesturing back at the woman Tony was talking to.
Wordlessly, Steve obeys the instructions.
Tony puts a hand on the back of his shoulder, feeling the solid curve of muscle, the little divot by his clavicle. “Whatcha reading?”
“She—“ he starts, and then immediately cuts himself off, “you don’t want to hear this. You’ve got bigger problems.”
When he wakes, he can’t shake the feeling that he’s lost something important. A feeling of dread, of foreboding clings to his skin like sweat, like moisture.
At first, listening to Steve breathe next to him, he thinks Steve is about to pretend to be asleep, that he won’t answer this one. When Steve speaks, his voice is quiet.
It’s been three weeks since he’s found out the truth of Iron Man’s identity, and somehow time has only complicated and soured his feelings. His uncomplicated, eager affection for Iron Man and his uncomplicated, amiable acquaintanceship with Tony Stark have smudged and blended together into a tangled, uncertain grievance against both — the one — of them. This, in turn, had left him avoiding Iron Man at team debriefs and Tony Stark in the mansion, which, in its own turn, had led to him feeling some kind of way about it, a way he couldn’t precisely define. Lost, maybe. Ashamed. They couldn’t go on like this, he knew.
He’s already forgotten her name for the second time by the time the butler rings to let him know she’s arrived, but that’s not the important part.
Hey, I just wanted to let you know you can come back to the team. We’d be much worse off losing you than me, and. Well, as hard as the choice was, it was the obvious one. You won’t have to see me. Don’t blame yourself for that; I was the one who, er. Initiated the relationship. I knew I was setting us up for failure, but—
“Yeah,” Stark says. There’s a cord in his hands that he’s toying with, now. Steve can’t quite tell where it leads; if the idea wasn’t ridiculous, he’d swear the cord disappears under the man’s shirt. Slowly, he stands up. He’s surprisingly tall, taller than he’d looked sitting down, and handsome up close, a long, Greek nose, carefully trimmed mustache, pale blue eyes. Steve’s extra-sensitive sense of smells picks up on his cologne, an earthy, slightly flowery scent.
Rogers, who Tony has expected would embody the gruffness he radiates, is strangely quiet. He’ll crack a joke if he can fit one into the conversation, but, considering half the team’s verbal shorthand seems to come from pop culture references, he’s out of the loop as often as he’s in it. He brings books with him to the recreation room, big hands comically careful with the pages. It’s been two weeks and he’s still working through
Tony stares him down, one eyebrow raised. Cap glances back at where Fury had been sitting just a few minutes earlier. “Nick said it was good.”
But they have to focus on getting out of here.
He doesn’t know how to bring it up.
His heart drops into his stomach, lead heavy. “Is that why I’m still alive?”
But, no, they were headed down.
Sometimes, tinkering with the suit in the lab, he thinks like he’s seeing only one tiny part of a grand picture, a grand design. If he had the time to keep chipping away at it, years upon decades of time, perhaps he’d one day come to understand something.
“Or girlfriend,” Natasha adds, prompting Tony to throw back a shot, “or husband, Janet, c’mon.”
Tony Stark, dressed in a white lab coat over his classic three-piece suit, oversized goggles covering the top half of his face, was positioned at a lab counter, taking readings from a device Steve could make neither heads nor tails of. When he glanced up at them, he looked more amused than surprised.
Somewhere far, far away, Tony makes a low, distressed sound, something close to a whimper.
“So,” Fury says, “are we done here, son?”
to?” Steve asks, skeptically, gesturing all around them. “C’mon, let’s go home.”
“Alright, then,” Steve says, the intonation of a little ‘whoop’ clear in his voice. He’s loose, relaxed. He trusts Tony.
For a few moments, both of them are silent. Tony speaks first.
He doesn’t believe in an afterlife, but it’s nice to imagine that perhaps he’ll join a kindred spirit in death, someone who’d been meant to understand him.
He’s gotten what they need, Steve thinks, judging from the set expression and the little nod. He’ll stay long enough to make sure his going will not be suspicious, and then they’ll regroup.
March 15
A kind of deep pain flashed across Tony’s face, a sort of longing, a guilt. He glanced down, shook his head. “We talked last night,” he said, “Iron Man and I. He knows.”
Dully, he gets to writing on the blueprints, making nonsense corrections and changing numbers almost at random. He’s long since mastered the art of looking busy when he’s not, of looking like he knows what he’s doing. As long as he can feel eyes on him, he’ll keep at this.
It’s Cap, who he is going to have to work with, who he
Rogers flushes slightly. He’s reactive, Tony has noticed, unable to control the way he breathes, the color in his face, the sharp movements of his eyes. Again, Tony remembers the war he’d lived, wonders what it must be like to go from a world of irreverent, battle-forged camaraderie to one where people worry about his micro expressions. How many people in this room could eat him alive?
And then the other man looked past him at the lab, his eyes stopping first on the Wasp and then on Tony, and his expression changed so quickly that Steve wondered if he’d been seeing things. Had anyone else caught that look?
This time, Steve can tell exactly what Tony is trying to shout, behind him.
“I’ll bet you,” Tony says, “I’ll take down more than you can.”
It was bit of a shock that Tony Stark was only twenty-five, a year younger than Steve. Steve wondered why he’d never known, never thought to check, how old the man was. It wasn’t really that he looked much older — though, with the wrinkles under his eyes, between his brows, he kind of did— but the way that he carried himself, the authority and wealth he seemed to convey.
“Round of bad luck,” Steve says.
“Captain America reads everything,” Steve tells her with a shrug, “Captain America used to have a lot of free time.”
Steve had laughed.
“Just thinking.”  Where did that come from? Steve’s always had an active imagination, and, after a moment, he chalks up the hyper-specific fantasy, the strange hunch he’d known Stark’s exact words, to that fact. There’s nothing else it can be; the serum hadn’t made him psychic.
“Alright,” Tony says suddenly, holding up his comm, “we talk. Get as much information as possible, then reveal ourselves.”
“What were you talking about?” Steve asked, unable to help himself.
Please call me back.
He sits quietly with the team on the helicopter, but doesn’t stick around for the lunch the rest of them go out for.
Steve turns back to the television. His shoulders droop a little. If he didn’t know better, Tony would think he’s disappointed.
“You okay?” He asks.
(“We could leave.”
“That’s very nice, dear. But you’d best wash that off. We wouldn’t want anyone…”
“We can do something else,” Tony suggests.
So he breathes shallow, quick breaths as Steve binds his wrists together with leather cuffs and fastens them to the bed frame. Steve’s touches are businesslike, no love or sex behind them, and yet Tony is already half-hard, painfully obvious through the thin red thong.
“Why’s that?”
It’s a gauntlet. Tony’s repulsor blasts. Tony’s weapon.
against the wall. Sometimes he feels like Steve likes fucking with him, like he’s doing this on purpose. Had a
Still, as with all things, there comes a point when Tony can’t take it anymore.
He is, again, alone.
For the first time that evening, he feels eyes on him. Gooseflesh climbs up and over his arms, and he can’t suppress a little shudder. He glances around, sharp, looking to see who’d noticed him.
I don’t know how to explain my feelings re: Iron Man. I understand why you kept things a secret.
Steve must have paled. Tony squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head.
“I’m fine.”
“How did you say you two met? Where’ve you been looking?” Tony asks.
The Wasp offers him sliced fruit and Belgian waffles for breakfast in the mansion’s neat, sunlight kitchen. They eat in silence, his sadness finally having contaminated her as well.
Tony finds him on the rooftop, which is unsurprising.
And then it hits; Tony Stark had seen him kiss Iron Man. The friendship is effectively over, for reasons Steve never could have predicted.
“Really, though,” she says, once he’s washing their dishes and she’s perched on the counter next to him, black-booted feet kicking casually at the air, “it’s weird you haven’t met Tony yet.”
And isn’t that everything he could have wanted?
. The theme of the party had been medieval, and Tony had gone all out, painting one of his armors in silver and red, draping himself in chainmail to imitate a knight.
The awful, tangled feeling receded. They were going to the workshop. They were going to talk shop.
Hell, Tony doesn’t know why every time they touch feels so surprising to him, so electric. He’d certainly never been the kind of guy to shy away from touch.
Annoyance, sharp, pierces through the fog of exhaustion in Tony’s mind.
Whatever had been said, it was affecting him deeply. Steve didn’t trust it to be a good thing.
Tony has to bite back the joke already on the tip of his tongue,
Iron Man spins around to face him, his blue eyes wide. He’s still breathing heavily, and when Steve sets a glove on the suit, he can feel that it’s still red-hot.
“And you, uh…” Steve didn’t know if he ought to bring it up. It didn’t seem right. “… not being there. For some reason.”
He’s tried writing on his arm, tried to get another message across: “
“Thanks.” Steve said, drily, and couldn’t help pointing out. “You’ve barely aged. In fourteen years.”
Tony had chosen the code because it had meant something to Steve, between him and Steve.
When his warm hand lands on Steve’s lower arm, he jumps, yanking hard enough on his seatbelt it jams.
“Seriously,” Tony says. “This isn’t normal. We need someone to get a look at you.”
“It doesn’t count!” Steve says, immediately ready to defend the girlfriend he’d been so upset with moments ago, “He was—“
Tony does. Tony very much does want that.
One you know him, Steve Rogers is a shitty liar. The Ultimates have known him for just over a year, now, and this is why he’s the only one of the four people playing to have lost more than his socks. His shirt lays neatly folded on Tony’s lush leather footstool, his belt over top of it. Janet, tucked into his side, her own cards balanced carefully on her knee, runs her hand over his bare abs, appreciative.
Obediently, Steve follows. As the head of his cock hits the back of Steve’s throat, Tony feels him suppress a gag reaction and press forward, further and further. He remembers training, suddenly, the way Steve only needs to be shown once before he can perfectly recreate a move, a pose. Where had he learned this? Army barracks, sneaking around with other soldiers? Brooklyn, or Manhattan, or Christ, Tony should know this, where the the hell he was from, before the war?
You’ve reached Captain America. Evil never rests; it seems I’m a little busy at the moment. Leave a message with your phone number and the reason for your call, and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.
He’s never going to have a night like that with Iron Man again. Whatever happens now, it’s only him and Tony.
“Is that metal?” Steve asked, unable to help feeling his way up Tony’s back, where lukewarm, hard metal seemed to bracket his whole upper body. “Mr. Stark, what—?”
“I was wrongfully imprisoned,” 2018-Steve said, casting his eyes down, “by the Skull’s people. My own people — my team, I mean — tried to bust me out, but something went wrong with the portal.”
Tony hums an affirmation.
No one drinks.
We should
Tony, he realized, was shaking slightly. “Yeah,” he said, a little too fast, panicky, “Yeah, I think I am, I got there, and—“
Who am I kidding? I know you’re alright. You’re Cap. I’m calling for… God, you know why I’m calling. Christ, I can’t even say it.
he expects, or,
of lube being squeezed out of the bottle. When Steve’s fingers push into him, he’s loose, relaxed. He keeps his legs spread, chases the pleasure mindlessly, pursuing Steve’s touch as he pulls back out.
Tony shakes his head, exhausted. “I don’t want your magic germs all over my family jewels, Cap.”
A look passed over future-Steve’s face, so quick Steve was sure he was the only one who had seen it. It was calculating. It was cold. It was anything, briefly, but sympathetic. But then his face settled into a grim sort of half-frown, and he nodded.
Steve swallows, still tasting dirt. “What do you want?”
die, but that’s not a thought that brings him any joy right now.
If they turned downstairs, they were headed towards the workshop. But if they turned up, in the direction of the bedrooms, of Tony’s bedroom, then—
Tony tips backwards, and backwards, and backwards, until finally he’s laying on the couch, his feet over arm rest, his head on Steve’s thighs. The effort of it makes him dizzy.
"That was nice.” He assures him, pressing his face into Steve’s neck. His usual tension, the low thrum of anxiety, of
“Evening,” Steve says casually, and Stark jumps several feet in the air, his eyes wide.
“Postmodern,” Tony corrects automatically, earning himself a deeper scowl, “but, no, it’s not that.”
“Oh.” Tony says.
There’s a while where he thinks he’s going to lose. Though Steve gets bumped off the edge of the foam cliffs several times, the combination of Alps-related mountain climbing experience and frankly insane upper core strength prevent him, each time, from falling further.
Who am I kidding, you’re sulking. You’re definitely sulking. Look, we need to talk. Call me.
The whole team is here, this time, and already bickering over the ground rules — how unfairly biased is this towards people who don’t have a way to fly, shouldn’t Tony agree to switch off his suit, shouldn’t Janet have to agree to not use her wings — and Tony couldn’t help, now, catching Steve’s level gaze.
“Her husband shot her lover,” Tony says, and then, in the same breath, “God, I’m so fucking lonely.”
“Well, I’ll ask her to help me pick out the dress,” she replies, without looking from the text message she’s writing. “We can ask them after.”
Steve is the kind of man to face his problems head on, to try to confront what it had been that happened last night, the slip of vulnerability, the awkward, pathetic confessions, the disgusting drunkenness. Steve is the kind of man who’d come with him face to face, and Tony could only imagine what he was going to say.
“Dear God,” Tony said, his voice even quieter than before, “I need to think about it.”
writes Tony, his anxiety roiling hard in his stomach, another layer of unreality settling hard upon his shoulders,
He could sleep with a beautiful woman in his sleep, he thinks, and then has to stifle a laugh at how that sentence had come out, the awkward repetitions, the sentiment.
He’d refused to even be checked out.
It’s unfair to Steve, most of all. Steve is the one left alone in the modern world, with no clue as to why his soulmate has rejected him. Steve is the one who will outlive and never have the chance to know what had happened.
You’ve reached Captain America. Evil never rests; it seems I’m a little busy at the moment. Leave a message with your phone number and the reason for your call, and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.
He pauses, glancing away.
The suit clings to Steve’s body, tailored at the waist. Its starchy collar digs into his neck. Its little pockets don’t feel like enough. He longs for the weight of the shield on his back, for a utility belt around his waist. He longs for the easy stretch of his stealth costume or even the give of his much roomier military formal suit.
One night, he thinks he’s missing a daisy, but he never gets anything back. It’s that night that he dreams of flying. He’s soaring so high in the air that the lit-up buildings below look like nothing but little white and gold dots, swooping in and out of wet, white clouds. Somehow, none of it can touch him; he’s separated from the world around him by thick slabs of metal, comfortably tucked away inside.
“You’re drunk,” Steve told him, gentle but firm, “you don’t know what you’re saying, Mr. Stark. Let me walk you up.”
“I wouldn’t blame yourself,” Tony says, gently, “I wouldn’t blame us.”
Call records show this call was returned at 9:16 AM.
“Big words for someone with a DUI,” Tony returns, casually.  By then, he’s used to the kind of shit Ty gives him, returns it easily enough.
“Head in the clouds, Cap?” Giant Man asks him, and Steve jolts up, wide-eyed and somehow guilty.
Perhaps he’s the relic, the man always out of time. Perhaps this is just how their world is, now, the easy trust replaced with something different. Perhaps Tony stores counter-measures for everyone one of his friends, expects to fight them all, one day. Perhaps they all expect it.
Steve inhales sharply, rolling his ankle as it, too, is freed from the chains. The newcomer rises, his hand on Steve’s knee, his eyes still on Steve’s. “He hasn’t let me have this. You know he’s tried to keep us apart, to keep me away from you. I never wanted to blame him, Steve, but—”
“I have— I have a heart thing,” Tony said, after a long moment, “I wear assistive tech. But it won’t—“ he gestured up at his chest, sighed, “it’s not sustainable, Cap. It’s not going to last fourteen years.”
“Oh, joy,” Tony says, though the relief is overwhelming, “he say anything about Cap?”
Tony didn’t look surprised, only grim, like something unpleasant had just been confirmed for him. He raised his hand to his chest, as though feeling for his own heartbeat, and dropped it again. “Was it—?”
“Yes, I—“ Tony nods, unsure where this is going, “when I built the suit, yes.”
Steve adjusts the bouquet. Tony counts seconds in his head. One Mississippi. Two Mississippi.
“My briefcase.”
Angry male voices are speaking to him. Angry male hands are shaking him. He’s cold. Someone has thrown water in his face, and it dribbles unpleasantly down his check and under his shirt, pooling between skin and chestplate. Tony’s body has grown heavy and light at the same time, and moving it seems an impossible feat, a physics problem without a solution.
, he writes,
“Well, you’re stuck with me now,” Steve says, squeezing his hand, “should have thought of that, shouldn’t you? Actions have consequences.”
For a moment, he feels it on his own skin, the tingle of cold fingers against a bruise, cold, air conditioned air hitting his sweat-drenched back, his foot hooked on the legs of a stool, his elbows against a cold metal table, creamy concealer blending onto tan skin.
“This all looks great,” Tony said, “Sorry I was late. You won’t believe what happened at the lab.”
When he gets home, his dark suit still wet from the slushy late fall rain, she’s already waiting for him in the kitchen, an amber drink he can’t identify balanced between her fingers.
He was the tiniest bit unsteady on his feet, and, as he left, future-Steve wrapped a casual arm around his waist.
“Not the originals,” Tony lies, his eyes on the clipboard, “would you let me see?”
“And?” Tony steps forward. Steve can easily save his dignity; whatever else Tony can do, he certainly can’t read his mind. Part of it — of admitting his feelings about the ending, the awful, strange way he must have felt taking in those final paragraphs only weeks out of the ice himself — must be a kind of weakness. On top of that, he doubts Steve is the kind of man who likes owing people.
Steve dashed forward and grabbed for Tony, his fingers closing on his other wrist. The portal, shutting slowly around them, made it impossible to see the other Steve, and he didn’t know if Tony had managed to break away from his grasp. Steve’s only option, here, was to pull on Tony’s hand with all his might.
He just can’t tell from where.
Four months into sleeping with Cap, Tony feels that something’s missing.
He sits in board meetings, dully paying attention to words he could recite in his sleep. He’s on TV, smiling for the cameras, cracking just-clean-enough-to-air jokes, saying things just controversial enough to be interesting. He goes to space, stares at the earth impossibly small behind the glass window, and feels nothing.
What had Steve said?
“Oh,” Tony said, following him up, and turned back towards the party, “I’ll see you later, folks! Thank you all for this.”
Of course, Tony thinks, as the two of them turn to walk back towards the parking lot, of course he’s got just the one.
“Good evening,” Tony says, and gives a little laugh, aiming to disarm with convention, “this is all very dramatic, isn’t it? If I didn’t know better, I’d think I was living on the pages of a Gothic novel.”
“Noo,” she says again, with little heat, “I can keep playing.”
instructions given to him by a fancy modern radio, endless shakes in the kitchen, hushed conversations with Jarvis, armor tinkering in the workshop, work conversations on the phone, his eyebrows knitted together in concern — and arrives to the conclusion that the man must be more neurotic than genuinely dangerous. A kindly librarian helps Steve figure out how to find old reports about Stark in their records; he learns, squinting at finely printed newspaper columns preserved on microfilm, that Stark had grown up in the spotlight, that Stark had gone to MIT at the age of fifteen, that he’d lost his parents while barely entering adulthood. It’s probably enough to leave a person high strung, strangely wired. The late — early? — hour when they’d met couldn’t have helped.
“She must be trying to hide it,” Steve says, reassuring, “maybe she’s with someone. Maybe she panicked. It doesn’t mean she doesn’t want you, son.”
“No,” he says, “I guess not.”
“Steve?” Tony asked, jumping unsteadily down from the counter.
He trails off, unable to come up with the words to describe what had just happened. Baby’s first time being sexually objectified by the masses generally and Tony Stark specifically. Something something gender equality.
His stomach twisting further, Tony kneels down by the leg of the chair and pulls the first leather strap tight around his ankle, tying it to the chair leg, then moves on to the second ankle. Steve is warm and solid under his fingers. He doesn’t scar, but Tony can still map out the places where he should have: his left thigh, where a bullet wound had been only a few weeks earlier, his knees, so often scuffed and bloodied after the falls he takes on missions, his chest, where, last year, an explosion had left its marks.
“Just throw the bills on Pepper’s desk,” Tony replies, annoyed.
“What?” Steve asks, turning to him.
Steve knows, now. It’s a relief, probably for the better; nothing will happen, still, but Steve will know why. Steve, who had clearly had the time to develop his own issues based on his soulmate’s stubborn silence, will have closure, and Tony doesn’t have very long left anyways.
Dismissing the thoughts as as unhelpful, he checks his phone again for a message and instead scrolls through the familiar headlines of Stark stock plummeting. Old, half-resigned dread bubbles up in his stomach, and he sets the phone back down, goes manually through old records to mind the missing shipment.
He thinks he understands it, then. It wouldn’t make sense for him to have a soulmate; he’s a dead man walking. It wouldn’t have been fair to either of them if there had been someone out there for him. Perhaps the fingerprint on his own thumb, the smudged circle with the stem coming off it,
Except, suddenly, Tony was stumbling back, and Steve had him by the hand, by the wrist. Tony was digging his heels in, and, as the portal started to close around them, future-Steve was yanking him bodily back in.
“Coke for me,” Steve calls, unnecessarily; the butler already knows, “no ice.”
On principle, Steve disliked that.
The conversation continues. Steve, stung, glances down. A year into the school system, he has manned up; he doesn’t cry anymore, not at the worst of them, and Lucy and Doris are both perfectly fine to him, normally. It’s not their fault, really, that neither of them would want him as their soulmate.
It’s Thor’s easy self-assuredness, as much as anything else, that makes him fundamentally less interesting to Tony. Rogers is a strange, intoxicating blend of strength and weakness, self-confidence and anxiety, awkwardness and charm. He’s both younger and older than Tony.
Both of then crave touch more than sex. They curl up in Tony’s bed, and Tony doesn’t bitch about the faint smell of blood and sweat, doesn’t mention the dirt that still sticking to Steve’s hair.
“It’ll be over in 48 hours,” Tony tells him, “try to avoid telling me how you’re feeling.”
The way she says
These days, oversensitive and picky, he feels more and more like some kind of exotic fish. No parameters are right; he thrives neither in light nor in darkness. Loneliness doesn’t suit him, and yet every tank-mate manages to rub him the wrong way.
“Yeah,” Steve says, not looking at Tony, “Abdul.”
Tony blinks at her, a little sleepy. It occurs to him he’s barely said anything in the latter half of the night, too caught up in his own thought. Had he even said goodbye?
In movies, amnesia is dramatic. The hero clutches at his head, panics, stares at the world around him with big, terrified eyes, clutches at his loved ones, asks, desperately, “where am I?” and “who are you?” another silent question obvious in his eyes —
Tony’s eyes are on the screen, but he can feel the siren call of the heat of Steve’s body. If he were only a few inches closer— he leaned over, would Steve stop him? Would Steve leave?
Steve doesn’t know him, but he can swear that he’s seen him somewhere before.
— there would be no need, of course, to clarify what
“Don’t look so skeptical.” she says, “Just think about it, you’d love it.”
He takes a moment to look over the expanse of the lab. His eyes catch on the delicate machinery laid out on the counters, long metal tubes and tiny motors. The tips of his fingers tingle; he can feel exactly what it would be like to hold these little devices, to handle them, to slot them together. He remembers his dreams, and attributes the false memory to them.
“What’s going on here?” Steve demands, but Stark only keeps shaking his head.
“So, that’s settled, then. Two of us. Alone.”
It must be a mistake.
Cohen croons. He sounds closer to the mic than he normally does, somehow more immediate. Tony picks up Steve’s silk tie and wraps it around his wrists, binding them together loosely, parts his legs and steps on the end of the tie.
“I’ll strip if you give me my shirt back,” Steve grumbles, making another swipe for it. “And my socks. And—“
It hits Steve suddenly that the man with the briefcase is a stranger. Whether he likes it or not, it had always been Tony in the suit; Tony, remembering Steve's quirks and their inside jokes, Tony, sitting with him on the rooftop stargazing, Tony, spending his nights wearing head to toe armor in second rate diners to keep an insomniac Steve company, Tony lying about being his own shitty boss to get out of awkward situations. It's impossible, he realizes, to separate one from the other.
But he’s a dying man, in the end, a man whose heart will eventually doom him to a quick and painful end, gone too soon. More than this, he’s a man who will never, ever deserve to be soulmates with Captain America, will never be enough for him.
“I saw the light on in the—“ Steve glances around, really taking in the room for the first time, “well, what I
Steve thinks, but he doesn’t want to die in it, either.
Natasha, he remembers, had bought a cuddly lion for the birthday of a little boy whose death she’d have a hand in orchestrating.
This part doesn’t feel like superhero work.
Tony’s briefcase rests in the trunk of the car. Steve knows, now, the reason for its surprising heaviness; the Iron Man armor rests in folded pieces inside it. Tony can’t get away with carrying it, but tucked into Steve’s over-the-shoulder carrying bag, it will be assumed to be essential or unnoticed.
) but then grown less sure of his own assertions as Steve had pointed out his view of mouth, nose, eyes (
One of the soldiers breaks away from the group, following him, and, zooming in, Tony can see Steve’s abject dread at the prospect of returning to the group. He leans hard against the truck for a moment, and then straightens up, heads back into the crowd, and gives a speech.
His eyes downcast, Tony stumbled heavily on his way out, and Steve stepped forward to catch him, his hand on his lower back, where it met—
Bucky’s standing, his arm outstretched, his face lit up with boyish glee. His hair, overlong, curls slightly under his ears. He smiles with dimples. Steve will remember the way he looks now for the rest of his life. Steve will remember the last few weeks of innocence for the rest of his life.
He tries to yell out — should have tried earlier, as soon as he’s known Tony was somewhere near, what the hell, Rogers, — but the gag muffles the sound completely, like he knew it would. The man smiles approvingly and takes something else out of the bag.
Steve thinks,
“That must have been strange, for you,” Tony said. He was eating cake carefully with a dessert fork, eat bite a perfect proportion of icing to dough. “Any thoughts?”
He shut the door gently when he left the room, unease written into every line of his body. He didn’t sleep that night, and seven AM on the dot found him waiting by the doors of the workshop.
He doesn’t really care anymore. The mansion, located just outside New York City, isn’t so far away that there is no chance that the Avengers — just Steve? — will make it here in time. His chest aches, familiar little sharp pains sprinkled in, and he remembers his first time coming face to face with Steve as himself. He’d nearly had a heart attack.
“So,” he says, even though he already knows, “what’s with all this son of Odin stuff, anyways? Are you really the genuine article, or just a big, scary man with a hammer?”
After the debrief, though, Tony catches Cap on the couch in the common room, peering into his phone with a look a look on his face that means he’s giving his full attention to something. It’s a cute look, almost over the top. His eyebrows knit together. His mouth tugs down slightly at the edges, a little frown of concentration. His whole body seems angled towards the phone.
The first time Steve sees a strong bond, the kind of bond he’s read about, learned to covet, it takes him by surprise, takes all of them by surprise; Bucky shouts, a flavor of pure excitement Steve hadn’t heard in his voice for months, now, as weighed down as they’d been by the realities of war. He follows the sound of the voice, and sure enough, there it is.
Steve thinks,
Steve tries to scoot the chair over towards the desk, but it’s stuck in place, completely immovable. Magic. He wouldn’t be surprised, he thinks, if there are no locks on the chains.
Her gun clatters to the floor, metal on tile.
He squinted into his device, frowning slightly, and seemed to do some kind of rapid fire math in his head, “Around 2018.”
He and Steve would avoid the conflict of doing each other’s girls, perhaps, and just sit back, shoulder to shoulder, to watch. The electric draw towards Rogers has necessarily faded over time, dulled to a watchful, comfortable sort of interest over the course of their friendship and work life, but imagining him this way is still slightly intoxicating.
“I’m tired of living a lie,” he says, “and frankly, I’m bad at it, and I’m going to tell everyone.”
Steve stares at him, confused. Hadn’t this man gone out of his way to offer him his house, to stock his room, to build him suits? Hadn’t the Wasp assured him that he liked him, that he’d been busy?
The couch shifted, and Steve realized that Tony had just sat down next to him, his own glass of mead in hand. He sat down how he always sat down, keeping a good three inches of space between himself and Steve, his elbows at his sides as though to protect his core.
“You’ll see me again,” Tony said, giving him a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “Fourteen years, if I don’t find a way back sooner.”
Steve Rogers
The missing men make Steve feel that they have failed to grasp some fundamental part of the case. It wouldn’t be unlike her to kill or bewitch for attention, of course, and yet…
I don’t know why. Who’s gonna be listening to this? My lines. My tech. I know no one’s eavesdropping. I guess I’m just used to…
Steve pulled his shield out and stepped forward, between Tony and the new arrival.
Steve turns that over in his mind, then nods. “Yeah.”
the little bell says,
Steve twists, trying, somehow, to join the fight, to shout out. Something in his chest pinches and gives, pain ricocheting over his whole body, vibrating through his bones. The figures around him blur in and out of focus, impossible to follow, and, finally, disappear.
He flies slower with Steve in his arms, but it’s still not long before he’s back on his bed, answering hurried emails from the PR team, and Steve is in his shower. The anxiety hasn’t faded. It’s a litany of the little things playing on repeat in his head:
In 1941, a man had enlisted whose fingerprints matched the one Tony had been branded with near-exactly. No picture of him had been taken, and the information itself was sparse. His name had been Rogers, Steven. He had been twenty at the time he’d enlisted. He’d been killed in action on April 2nd, 1945, and had left no living relatives. Only two things seem notable about him; the fact that his file had been digitized, unlike the majority of the soldiers of his regiment, and his listed height and weight, which Tony is sure must have been a typo — 6’1 and 100 lb.
He’s suffocating. The car is big but not in a way that shows on the inside; it’s all long, narrow hull and heavy bulletproofing. The seats smell of new leather, over processed. Tony Stark’s cologne mixes unpleasantly with the chemicals.
“Yes,” future-Steve said, giving him a quick, tight smile. His eyes on Tony were attentive, as though anticipating his every move. “I’ll see you fine folks there.”
“Red.” Steve says firmly, snapping the leather on his wrists in one clean motion. “Red.”
“Ah,” Steve said. “Well. I’ll be there for him. Talk it over. I’m sure we’ll both need it.”
He pulls his helmet off, holding it in two hands. “Come see me after you’re done here.”
He has another training set up. He’d planned this one for weeks, and he’s proud of it— he’s erected models of cliffs all over the facility, connected only by rickety bridges and vines. Underneath, he’s had cushions and nets hung, ready to catch any falling team member. They’ll be attacked by the same training robots.
Steve tenses, totally sidetracked, and turns to give Tony a confused look. “What?”
“Where’s he at?” He asked the Wasp, coming in to set the cake on the table among Thor’s offerings. “Didn’t end up having a date and leaving, did he?”
The door to the bedroom opens.
It break the mood further if he got up, now, to shed all his layers like he longs to do, so Tony spreads his fingers out and traces his fingers over Steve’s pecs. His heart, he feels, is jackrabbiting against ribs. His dick lies limp against his leg, matching Tony’s.
“You’re all tense,” Steve says, reaching a hand over to squeeze Tony’s side, “still cold?”
“Yeah, I have,” Steve says, “so his soulmate can get it. Flowers.”
Tony doesn’t give a shit. He could laugh. He doesn’t laugh. It’s not funny.
Rogers runs his fingers over the interior of the helmet, his expression distant. Tony wonders what he’s remembering.
He’s gone up on the roof half in hopes of being found. Steve’s not a coward; he knows they must talk, eventually, just as he’d known they must eventually work together. He doesn’t know what to expect. Tony’s a decent man. He won’t out Steve, though whether he’ll be okay with Steve staying on the team or not is up in the air. Steve will respect his boundaries, let him take the lead.
Steve sat down, unnecessarily glum, and the Wasp and Tony recounted the events of the evening. His cake was cut up, and, still talking, Tony took a slice, and Steve’s mood dropped even further.
“Uh, it’s either orphans or medical research,” Tony guessed. “Unless it’s the environment, but those guys don’t tend to love me, so.”
Tony laughs, startled. A tension bends then gives between them, snapping with an almost audible
The party is familiar, a distant echo of the one where, more than a year ago, Tony had needled Cap and fussed over his gloves. The domed ceiling is less grand, perhaps, the view less perfect, the guests a couple links lower on the food chain, the food a little more standard, less fanciful, and yet the sounds and smells are the same. The trills of fake laugher mingle in the air with expensive-for-its-simplicity cologne, with sharp, want-to-make-an-impression perfume, with the faint clicking of heels and scuffs of dress shoes.
Tony stares at him, struck dumb. “What?”
“07,” Steve starts, but then the date catches him off guard.
He’d never left Steve that letter.
Then the address.
you’re breaking a rule — that’s what dooms you. You can’t let on.
Tony glances Rogers’s blue-clad back up and down, thoughtful, remembers the way he’d broken out of the medical facilities only a week earlier. The Cap suit,
His mind calmed by a review of the task at hand, Steve checks his ID again, making sure he remembers his code name — Grant Hale — and glances up at Tony, trying to read the blank mask on his face. Somehow, it’d been easier to understand Iron Man’s moods.
“I didn’t know,” he said, “I didn’t know, Cap.”
And that’s awkward, to say the least.
On her face.
The Wasp blinks at him, thrown. “You haven’t met him yet?”
Steve glances down. His fingers have left imprints in the metal handle where he’s squeezed too tightly.
“Hi,” says Tony.
“I don’t deserve you,” he says, his tone as low as Steve’s. “Sometimes I liked to pretend Iron Man did.”
It’s been a bit.
“Well, she’s gotta be a real good swimmer,” Arnie says, “‘cos they let her on the boys’ team.”
Iron Man smiles at him. It’s a wide smile, open and honest, the kind of grin that sends butterflies fluttering through Steve’s chest, in his stomach.
“Nice night out,” he says.
“I was talking to the equipment,” he says, “nothing but awful care for
“Oh, yes,” she purrs, still low and sexual.
He makes a mental note to find out the man’s name and give him a raise and hangs up without saying goodbye.
He doesn’t sleep the rest of the night, pacing around his own room, for a change. A million thoughts occur to him. Perhaps, after all the years he’s been in the ice, his soulmate has decided she wants nothing to do with a man who never bothered writing back. Perhaps it’s common these days for people to reject their soulmates. Perhaps—
“Mom,” he says, reaching over to pull on her sleeve, “everyone’s fingerprint is unique.”
He puts his weight on the balls of his feet, then stands up on his tip toes, trying to get some leverage to feel the locking mechanism with his fingers. If he can, perhaps—
They don’t talk for the ride over.
When Tony brings his free hand up to rest on the side of his jaw, Steve arches into the touch, dragging a fine little line of drool behind his lips as he moves.
When he leaves the room, he feels like a foolish little boy, caught reading a library book he can't understand, trying to make himself into something he can never be.
Steve sits back on his haunches, satisfied. Tony has parted his legs to let him work, and Steve grabs him by the knees and forces them back together with a short, derisive laugh. Dirty talk has never been his forté, but the laugh seems to say it all anyways; did Tony think he was going to get what he wants, get Steve inside him, get to feel good right now?
Tony had seen the thing, sitting at the bottom of their closet for the past couple weeks. He leans down and kisses the top of her head. “We can bring it to the memorial,” he suggests, knowing full well this will fix nothing.
He’ll have a perfect handprint on his skin the next morning, he thinks, a sharp purple bruise he’ll feel sitting down. He shivers at the thought.
Iron Man crosses the room, taking hold of the briefcase, but stops, looking back to Steve. “He’s changed the passcode,” he says, “I need you to tell me what it is.”
“Yeah,” he says, “me too.”
And then the impossibility of the situation sets in and the panic hits.
“Listen,” he says, “you heal quickly. If no one’s come for us by tomorrow morning—”
“Are you alright, Mr. Stark?” The reporter asks. Ah, yes. He’s closed his eyes in the middle of the interview.
He beams at her, suddenly reminded of the fact that they’re getting married. He’s getting married. He’s found someone who loves him enough to want to spend the rest of his life with him, and—
“What?”
Tony doesn’t respond for a few beats too long, contemplating it. “It was wrong,” he says, firmly, “you broke through it.”
“Close the partition,” says Tony, gesturing to the partition between them and the driver, who’s probably heard everything even from the other side of the limo and will need to be paid off. “Tell him to turn on some music, too, while you’re up there.”
“A book?”
“Fine by me,” Steve says.
Instead, he just turns over and presses his face against Steve’s bandaged skin, feeling his chest rise and fall under his forehead. This, he tells himself, should be enough.
Privately, Tony thinks that ‘in love’ is a fairly charitable interpretation of writing.
“Yeah,” Iron Man says, a note of satisfaction in his voice, “I thought so.”
“Yeah,” Tony said. “Can you take these, then?”
This, Steve thinks, is Tony Stark the way he’s always thought of him. A nice enough fellow —  awful kind of him to fund the Avengers, of course — but a little vapid, a little empty. How many times had Iron Man blamed Tony for his inability to reveal his identity? How many times had he bowed out of events with a
“It’s fresh in my head now,” Steve says, and Tony tightens his grip on his wrist.
Familiar plans spin out in Tony’s mind — the three piece suits, the ballroom, the finger foods Steve will certainly struggle with— and he smiles.
“Yep,” Tony says, popping the p. His voice is unreadable.
“Why’s that?”
Suddenly, Tony’s giddy. He glances up from the wrapper, meets Steve’s eyes, and doesn’t bother concealing his smile.
Steve makes a choked up noise that Tony feels, and, impossibly, comes down further, his nose millimeters away from pressing against Tony’s balls. His hand finds purchase on Tony’s ankle and squeezes.
Tony drifts. Distantly, he hears Steve open the bedside drawer, then the wet
March 13
It’s a polaroid, black and white, old fashioned. Tony holds it in his hand and feels a thrum of anxiety at its fragility. He’s already almost lost it — would have lost it, if he’d grabbed the right box. A single drop of water, having fallen by some misfortune over someone’s face, could ruin it.
“So, so full of want,” she says, low into his ear, in a voice that would be seductive if not for its strange, melodic coldness, “you don’t even know what to do with it. It’s going to kill you, you know, bottling it up and letting it bubble out like that.”
And then Iron Man leans down and kisses him, and Steve’s brain stops working. His lips are soft. His short stubble scratches lightly against Steve’s chin. Steve feels the kiss in his whole body, electricity traveling down his spine and setting aflame every cell it touches.
And Tony, realizing he’s unable to define their relationship in any other way, makes it into a game.
“I don’t get why it’s gotta be so hard to tell,” Steve says, one chilly night that he’s over at Arnie’s. They’re thirteen, and Arnie’s ma has got the window open to let the thick nicotine smoke of Arnie’s old man’s cigs waft out, and Steve likes sitting on the wide windowsill, letting his feet dangle off the edge. It’s September. A colder front is coming, and goosebumps climb up his bare legs, but he stays stubbornly in the window, not wanting to miss the last few nice nights of the year. “If y’re supposta find ‘em, y’know?”
“Huge Captain America thing. Who knows, maybe he’s shy.”
It could be, Tony thinks, just the fact that he’s in his suit and not his uniform, that he blends in with the crowd relatively well. He’s still awkward, sure, unaccustomed to the kind of conversation made here; automatically, Tony finds himself bailing the guy out when things seem to be getting out of hand for him.
“Oh,” he says, pleased, and slides over the arm of the couch to sit down next to him, “by all means, then, don’t let me interrupt.”
The room is small and dusty. This was once a studio apartment, but there’s no furniture. The chair is flimsy. Tony feels like he could break this chair if he tried hard enough.
Natasha groans and drinks, as does Tony. Jan rolls her eyes, making a big point of drinking her drink with annoyance. Tony guesses the incident had been recent.
signal jammers,
“No women,” Steve’s voice is somewhere between a question and a statement, “it’s just us coming back.”
“Where and when?” Steve asks.
They rarely call each other, and when they do, it’s always Steve calling — Tony is a texter. Now, though, his fingers feel thick as sausages and perhaps a little less graceful, and he doesn’t want to make a fool of himself trying to type a message out.
“Thanks for meeting me here on such short notice,” she says, “I’ve just left the gala.”
The disappointment stings, but he’s forgotten about it quickly enough. It’s hardly the heartbreak of the century; no one gets their soulmate on their first try.
So he sends Steve another text,
When Steve’s twenty, and looking to enlist, he figures out it must be a girl who works at one of the factories. More and more gals are stepping up, these days, and he dreams of machinery, wires and metal plates, well groomed hands and long fingers neatly slotting delicate pieces of metal into place.
Steve’s worked himself up so much, quickly, that Tony almost expects him to punch the wall. Still, he’s strangely touched.
people into a room…”
Tony reaches down and wipes the corner of his mouth with his thumb, and Steve leans into the touch and lets him pet his hair for an indulgently long time.
Holy shit, this fucking hangover.
“I don’t know,” Steve says, his pinched expression showing exactly how carefully he’s choosing his words, “where we are with Jan.”
This seals the deal, he realizes. He doesn’t make the conscious decision, just finds the suit assembling itself around him, finds himself calculating the time it would take for him to get to DC.
“Yeah,” Tony says, suddenly underwhelmed by warm pain blooming in his rear, “there I am.”
“Just— just sit down, please, it hurts to look at you,” Tony says. Part of him wants to force Steve down to his level, onto the stone cold floor of the cave. He’s always been desperate to see eye to eye with Steve.
He still hasn’t met Tony Stark a week in. He and Iron Man apparently live part-time at the mansion, but the two of them remain the most elusive of any related to the Avengers. It’s the butler who reminds him to eat, who shows him around the place twice and brings meals to his room. The Wasp, who flits in and out, checks in occasionally, fills him in on the details of how the team operates.
“I’m tired of living a lie,” Steve says, into the mirror, the way he practices every speech he has time to, “I’m tired of people like you having blackmail material on me. Everyone has a breaking point, and— well, people don’t even care anymore. Sir Ian McLennan—”
Tony wishes there had been a photograph, imagines telling this long-dead man about the cosmic size of this coincidence. The frustration of his first hit being nothing hit hard, but, at the same time, he’d gotten a hit.
“It’s okay,” Steve says, using the voice he uses when he’s Captain America, “I plugged it in.”
Not Iron Man turns. His face is no longer holding shape. His cheekbones slide up and down, sharp one minute and flat the next. His lips are chapped, well taken care of, pale, red, close to his short nose, far set from his long one. His hair is blond, ginger, brown, black.
“With me, Cap?” Tony asks, his voice concerned.
And yet.
It’s the real deal, the same helmet he’d worn into war, scratched and weathered after years of service and decades of storage, the leather cracked and dried with age.
In the shower one night, still halfway sad drunk, feeling a little broken and desperately lonely, he remembers Steve Rogers, the World War Two soldier whose file he’d accidentally stumbled upon years ago, remembers the quote that had come to him about names and deaths.
Tony makes a little humming noise in response, glancing up to catch Steve’s eyes again. For a moment, they’re just looking at each other. Steve doesn’t know what he’s feeling, can’t access the deep thrumming tension in his gut well enough to break it down.
“I—” Tony starts, but Steve talks over him.
For a moment, Steve thinks Tony will kiss him. Instead, he only nods, straightening up. “I’ll see you later, Steve.”
“Mr. Stark,” he started, “Tony—”
Two men guard the doors. A sliver blue sky shows through the curtains on the window. Tony’s eyes can’t focus on the writing on the green street sign. Pull it together, Stark. The streets are fucking numbered. Get the number.
The first time he ever mentions it directly, it goes something like this:
Tony cheats; he’d built the robots, and he knows how they come undone, the exact weak points to hit. He takes out four of them to Steve’s two, and then they break for lunch.
“Walking out of your own party, Mr. Stark?” Steve asked, both amused and stung despite himself.
was the closet. Had a hunch I ought to check it out. Golly, what
The man grunts. “You’re getting water.”
“Does it make it better or worse if I say I put this together before we met?” Tony asks, gesturing expansively to the room around him. “It’s not all that weird to make shrines for dead people.”
Cohen is singing, inappropriately,
She leaves him, a little surprised by the connection, pleased, standing with Jan and Cap. He glances away, watching her go, as Jan gets onto her tiptoes and hugs Steve, small enough that the top of her head only barely brushes against his chin.
Tony struggles to remember the last time they’d bet. Oh, yes— the party. The one Tony won’t cash.
Steve had said, “I was thinking of you more as a kind of friendly ghost.”
Steve knows about the ankle. Steve would know about the drugs, would have caught the irregularities in Tony’s walk, his words, his breaths. Steve probably suspects the same concussion Tony does.
He sits on the edge of the bed and Tony unlaces and pulls off his boots. Steve stops him before he reaches any higher. “I’ve got this part.”
He glanced down, away. “I could find a way to make him stay. Someone else who— I could find a way, Cap, I could.”
It’s not wrapped, and slightly dusty, the same box it had been in when he’d bought it. Unreadable sharpie still clings on to the tape that had once been used to seal the box.
She gives it to him, though he’s sure she thinks the request is some kind of confirmation he’s stepping out on someone. Instead of punching it into his phone, she leans over and writes it on the inside of his wrist, one of her curls brushing against his lips and wafting over a familiar smell of coconut almond conditioner, the same one Natasha had used.
There are a few nights after when Steve tries again to get a message out. He starts out writing, but everything he can come up with  —
He hasn’t been in touch with the team. He doesn’t know where they’re at, where his arrival would hurt or help, doesn’t know dire the situation is. Things could be delicate.
About to say something, he locked eyes with his future self, and the other man stood. “You’ll have to show me at the workshop,” he told Tony.
“Never have I ever lied in never have I, uh- never,” he announces, swirling his martini. Drunker than he thought he was, he’s watching Natasha, desperate to know, suddenly, that she’d really never cheated on a partner. It doesn’t add up with his conception of her, and something about the possibility endears her to him, makes him feel, again, that he isn’t quite worth her.
The thought gives him hope.
“I haven’t been spotted yet, dear, have I?” The Wasp asks, playful. “No one would believe it, anyhow.”
He brings up
Steve, of course, had strapped a foam sword to his belt and done absolutely nothing else.
Both of them know the set of words that would hurt the most:
There it is. Physical proof; there’s now way to dispute this, no way Bucky could have wished these words onto his own arm the way Steve thinks he must wish his dreams into his head.
The man rushes over, kneeling down by him to start undoing one of the chains on his ankle. “I was looking for you!” He says. His voice isn’t quite familiar, but his cadence, the way he times his words, is. The way he moves is, too, his posture a little too perfect, limbs held out a little too straight. Steve knows him.
“You know,” he says instead, “I could train with you.”
Tony wants to argue, but that’s when his father enters the room, and he swiftly takes his feet off the couch and shoves a cookie in his mouth to avoid talking.
Barely tasting the mango, he sits through the report; Stark technology found in the hands of terrorists. The location — a shopping mall in Washington, DC—, he realizes, makes it likely that this is the same group that Steve’s been fighting. Remembering the broken nose, he shudders.
Nod from Tony.
He expects Rogers to draw his hand back and do the rest himself, but instead the soldier just stands there, letting Tony pull his hands around and fuss with the seams, pulling pockets of red leather from each fingertip. He’s probably right handed — he seems like he would be. This probably easier for him.
She’s stronger than him, a combination of thousands of dollars in biological enhancements and thousands of hours of rigorous training. In a moment, she’s got him on his back, her knee over his neck. He barely catches the motion of her going for the gun in the bedside table before it’s in her hands.
and “
Then Steve picks him up and fucks him against the bathroom wall, because Steve doesn’t try to fix things that aren’t broken.
He can’t think of a time he’s seen Steve cry, and some dark part of him wants to push it, wants to be allowed it. Suddenly, Tony’s terrified.
What they have is good. What they have is better than the sappy, quiet sort of support their teammates go for. What they have is their style, rough and fast and sexual, and—
Trained to throw money at his problems, he calls the funeral parlor to arrange a ceremony, buy a gravestone. He doesn’t know what to put on the engraving except her name.
“Well, mine’s gonna be easy,” Arnie says with a shrug. He’s rolling a marble between index finger and palm, long fingers pale in the moonlight. Steve likes watching Arnie’s hands, his fingers, likes the careful, thought-out way he moves. He likes Arnie’s place, Arnie’s family, likes it when Arnie stretches and bumps their shoulders together. He’s too young to think anything much of it.
The car comes to a stop. Steve slips out, sets his shoulders military straight, holds the door open for Tony, schools his voice into a rough approximation of what Happy Hogan sounds like on duty. “Mr. Stark.”
“I was hired,” the man says, stepping forward, “to ensure the failure of your little project. How long do you think it’ll take your team to fall apart without you?”
One of the men snips the zip ties on his wrists, and Tony is amused to realize that he’s using safety scissors. Their handles are bright green with grooves for fingers. Tony is going to die here.
The guy doesn’t look particularly worried. This, Tony thinks, must not be a new kind of arrangement to him. He probably had needs, in the army. He’d probably slept with men behind Jan’s back. Hell, maybe he was sleeping with other people right now, and Tony wouldn’t know it.
Steve glances away. “I used to draw flowers for her,” he says, “on my arms. When I was younger.”
And then he goes home, lays down alone in his luxurious bed, stares at the ceiling, and tortures himself with it.
Just then, loud footsteps sound down the hall.
“I can’t believe this.” Tony says, “I can’t believe you’d do this to us.”
This is Bianca from Paradise flowers, letting you know you can come pick the bouquet up any time today. Thanks.
You’ve reached Captain America. Evil never rests; it seems I’m a little busy at the moment. Leave a message with your phone number and the reason for your call, and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.
Steve kisses him on the ear, and Tony falls asleep that way, pleasantly warm.
This time, it feels like a game of chicken. Tony chickens.
he thinks, at first,
“Oh, no, I can set this up, let it run, and get this guy home tomorrow.” Tony said, giving her a smile, tired but fond, and glanced back over at 2018-Steve, “Unless there’s a 2018 Tony Stark that can beat me to it.”
He doesn’t know what Steve’s doing here.
He reassesses the situation through the light of this revelation. He’d thought it had nothing to do with the body, but, perhaps—
“I’m alright,” he said, again, “Just a shock. I saw the other side of the portal, Cap, and— they weren’t our men. The people getting him out, hailing him, saluting him.”
For a moment, he thinks, jealously, that she’s about to take him home with her, that he’s been hanging around for nothing, but she only squeezes his hand and says something about seeing the state her car is in, and then the two of them are left alone, standing the open plan semi-privacy of the Ultimates compound.
Steve is trying to keep himself from getting angry, and it’s not working. Janet looks on the verge of tears, quiet and serious. Tony, who hasn’t bothered to change out of his pajamas, is on his third martini. The separation the alcohol forces between him and the rest of reality feels like the only way to survive right now, the only to keep functioning.
He can’t ask much of Steve.
I’m hurt.
Whenever they seem to separate, and he turns to look for Steve, Steve is inevitably close by, ready to catch his eye. It’s not until the end of the night that Tony takes it as anything but a willingness to leave at any time.
They’re both hiding injuries and guessing them, a convoluted game that wastes time and saves dignity.
“What’s she upset about?” Steve asks, ten minutes into the episode. A busty woman with bright blue eyeshadow whose name is either Carmella or Cornelia or something along those lines is wailing the telephone to her friend.
“No,” Tony says, with a severity that surprises him, “I don’t think it’d work out.”
This is America’s stalwart, no-nonsense action hero, projecting the kind of strength his troops can respect. Perhaps Tony is overestimating himself, but he thinks that, underneath it all, he senses the same bone-deep fear that himself is feeling, the same roiling anxiety. Cap’s been doing this far longer than he has.
“07’s not working.” Iron Man — whoever he is — says, drawing Steve’s attention back to reality. “There must be more.”
“Almost nothing,” she replies, shrugging, “not as much as you’re going to, anyhow.”
Decades in the future, Steve will learn exactly how rare this is, will read percentages; thirty percent of soulmate couples experience a single event in their lifetime, ten more than once, a tenth of a percentage able to maintain a consistent exchange. He will learn about the brain scans, the theories underlying it; moments of intense longing, moments of soul-similarity, ley lines and magnetic fields.
Tony could be rid of her now, could try to move on, to tell himself none of it had really ever mattered to him, either. A year together. An engagement.
Tony hopped down from the counter, stumbling slightly. Emboldened by the earlier touching, Steve took him by the arm, and Tony sagged heavily against him. Still, though, he seemed to be keeping an elbow between himself and Steve, the same strange, protecting-the-core sort of gesture.
Clearly, this isn’t Steve’s first time doing something like that. That wasn’t bicurious behavior back in the car. Captain America has sucked dick, and that’s the world Tony has to live in. Captain America has sucked
Would Tony know to suspect that? True, Steve is almost always on time, but he’s been so busy, lately. Ten minutes isn’t much; Tony will assume he’s gotten unavoidably delayed by matters of national security.
He tracks down the lost shipment easily and wades through forged signatures, through staff records, through security footage. He doesn’t know everyone who works for him — it’d be impossible for him to, really — but he makes an effort, and he’s disconcerted to realize that it’d been a guy he’d known, a guy he’d liked.
So Steve doesn’t get to have an opinion.
Steve raises both of his hands in mock surrender, wondering what the hell had provoked this reaction. “I, er. I come peacefully. Just wanted to say hello.”
“Thor will deal with Amora. You know he always does. Tony’s unharmed; we’ll leave the door open and someone will find him in no time.”
dick, and that’s the world Tony has to live in.
The grass is always greener on the other side; if he were home, he knows, he’d be depressed. The coolness of his bedroom wears on him just as much as the bright lights and the cameras. So little time left on earth, he reflects, and he can find nothing he’d like to do with it.
He doesn’t think this chapel had ever hosted such an empty ceremony. Barton sits front row at the funeral of the woman he’d killed. Fury has taken a seat in the back row, his face set, and Tony wonders why he’s here. Had he, like Tony and Barton, ever cared for her? Is he here to send a final farewell to one of his agents?
The back of the chair isn’t low, but Steve’s height is all torso, so Tony has no issues pulling his arms behind his back and binding his wrists together. Steve cants back towards him, towards the touch. His back muscles, strained, make a pretty picture, everything visible under the skin.
“Do you have a minute?” Steve called.
Up above him, Tony reads the conversation as though it’s written into the popcorn ceiling, one word after another, devoid of context: down the street and to your right, sir, no, the other way, yes, thank you, you’re welcome, God bless, God bless, God bless.
He doesn’t really remember when Steve takes him back to bed. It’s the low note of concern that draws him back to reality, a rubberband’s pull.
For a moment, everything was silent. Steve tried to think of explanation, of anything that made sense. A bulletproof vest? Some kind of device?
Natasha doesn’t accompany him to the funeral. Watching Steve and Jan leave hand in hand, Tony has to fight an overwhelming sense of loneliness that threatens to overtake the background hum of guilt.
Steve grunts. Tony takes this as consent, pulling him up into his arms, and Steve doesn’t have the energy to argue. They don’t talk until they’re in a car, Steve slumped over against the window. Tony’s called for one of his drivers, Steve notices; he must have flown here.
He lashes out with his feet, trying to get leverage, trying to hook his ankle on his attackers’ legs, but its fruitless. His migraine seems to push his eyelids down as much as whatever they had injected him with does. It’s probably pathetic, how quickly he passes out. It’s probably like he’s never done drugs before.
“Why— why would he do that?”
He pulls down his shirt, revealing the gleaming red of the chestplate. Steve had to have seen it to have plugged it in, but maybe he just doesn’t understand.
He asks her to marry him. She says yes.
“Tony,” he says, but Tony isn’t listening.
Somewhere, his soulmate is sitting with a hand-held mirror and pushing her fingers in tender flesh, on the borderline of painful, trying to cover up a bruise. The knowledge is absolute and complete, and it hits him hard.
“I’ll be there.” Steve said, stepping forward. He reached over to squeeze Tony’s shoulder, but only metal met his hand. “And I’ll miss you.”
“I’m not just anyone,” Steve says, “and— well, I barely know you. But I’ve wanted this for so long, and if you’re willing to try…”
It had never happened before, but Steve had known the drill. He still doesn’t know exactly where he’d gotten it from, this understanding that connects him to all the other men that live and die in this strange, in-between place, the space that can't be named.
or even,
Steve glances down. Tony can see him picking his words, figuring out how to say the truth without being truthful.
It’s enough to go to a guy’s head.
He lets the Avengers take him back with them. All of them save Iron Man try to make conversation with him on the way back, and Steve listens without responding.
The sleeve of Steve’s henley has hiked up on his arm, revealing perfect, smooth skin and a peach fuzz of soft, blond hair. Tony squints and reads writing on his wrist, in the neat cursive he’s come to know so well, half exposed before the sleeve cuts it off,
“I’m not treating you like Iron Man.” Steve says.
Tony’s sitting. He’s lost a tooth in the fight, and despite how often he keeps spitting, he still tastes blood. His ankle is swollen, not so badly that he can’t shove it into he boot of the suit and force himself up, but badly enough that pacing isn’t an option. Knowing full well that it’s anatomically, physically impossible, he thinks he can feel the insides of his blood vessels, thick arteries and veins branching into tiny capillaries, all of them coursing with whatever the hell it’d been they’d injected him with. The worst of it has subsided, but he’s still dizzy.
Tony lets go of Steve’s hand and raises a hand to his face, pushing his fingers into the groove of bone just underneath Steve’s eyebrow, watches his eyelashes, uncharacteristically delicate and blonde, flutter shut. If Tony pushed down here, on his eyes, he could really hurt him.
The floor is solid under his fingers. The helicopter shakes slightly with each rotation of the blades. The air is stale — dust settles in his hair. Cold wind whooshes against his face as they land.
She takes another step forward, past Tony and into the garden, barely a foot between her and Steve. “— are so full of want.”
“Yeah,” says Steve, glancing up at the sky again. “Full moon.”
Now, with both of them changed into civilian clothes and sitting comfortably on Tony’s ugly yellow living room couches, Tony is beginning to think they might have a problem.
And, as he’s expected, a little American flag lays folded inside, one inch by three inches of rough, cheap-o fabric on what might as well be a popsicle stick. He pulls it out, free of the folder, and sticks it into the cup on his nightstand.
“Ah,” Steve says, his words measured, “yeah, I finished it last night.”
This is fine.
He tried, valiantly, to be polite, crossing to the other side of the room. For the next while, he chatted idly with Thor and Clint, tolerated the Wasp fretting over the length of hair which would look best on him, now that she could compare them side-by-side, and then, under the guise of grabbing himself snacks, he gravitated back to towards the couch. They were in a public space, he told himself, any eavesdropping would be accidental.
“I track signals from everyone, now,” Tony says, “just in case. Saw the call was coming from inside the house.”
The Avengers mansion is explained to him. He’s shown inside. It’s warm and well lit, a grand old house, the kind of house that only exists in books. Steve shivers. The Wasp steers him over gently to sit on the leather sofa in the sitting room — it’s the kind of house where the sitting room is separate from the communal room, which is separate from the living room — and so he sits.
Tony knows Steve, and sometimes he longs to take a sharpie and and draw the damage back on, to expose the places where Steve is imperfect, but even then, he thinks he wouldn’t catch all of it.
He tells himself that there’s plenty of time to fix it, that Bucky’s one of the lucky few who have confirmation early on, that, as strange as this seems now, it’ll all make sense eventually.
But what had he meant, too late? Who has him? Who could he? If he’d only confided in Steve— if had only told him…
“If you guess it, I’ll tell you if you’re right or not,” Steve says. He’s drawing them into the confines of a game, again, that not-quite-real space where things mean less, matter less.
He’ll give it some time, he decides, see if the effect wears off or if Steve gets desperate enough to follow his advice. He knows their people are interrogating the captured coven, and he’s made sure what the hell did you hit Cap with is at the top of the list of questions. If it’s serious, he hopes to know sooner, rather than later.
He’s aware of how much time is passing, minute after minute. His arm tingles. His fingers and toes grow colder and colder. His heart will fail him, if this keeps up for long enough. He takes some grim satisfaction in knowing that he’s fucked up the weapons’ blueprints for the terrorists, that his “corrections” are going to make everything depicted impossible to build.
Oh, this is Edna. Well I keep calling you, Cap, and I’m starting to feel there is no use, but those boys have gone and stolen my tulips again, and I’ve tried escalating, I’m telling you, but the police don’t care and the law isn’t what it used to be, Cap, so if you could come down here and give those boys a piece of your mind, it’d be much appreciated. You can reach me at— XXX-XXX-7744.
Oh, and this is Edna.
“Hey!” Tony says, a strange, defensive humiliation burning hot in his gut, “Thought you didn’t talk to Jarvis, where’re you—“
Steve sizes up the gym, pretending to be considering it. “Usual odds?”
It makes sense. Steve’s not feeling particularly warm towards the man right now.
Only Natasha remains as matter of fact as always, barely affected by the news. When Steve switches the channel, landing incidentally on Thor’s Sixty Minutes interview, she snorts, high and girlish, and throws her head back.
its walls and tables white and sterile. Counters and shelves, along with machinery Steve doesn’t recognize, occupy every inch of wall. A long table stretches almost the entire length of the room, dotted with microscopes, test tube stands, machinery. Tony Stark sits perched at the table some fifteen feet away from him, a little device in his hands. He’s sitting on a stool, one of his socked feet up on the table and his other knee under his chin. A half finished ham and cheese sandwich lays abandoned by his elbow.
“I’m sure you’ve got plenty. I’ll pick it, of course, since you clearly don’t know my taste.”
His nimble fingers undo the chains holding his arms behind his back.
Someone slaps Tony hard across the face. The pain of it seems to come with a strange delay, as though traveling through a fine cloud of agar — distantly, he imagines injecting colored dye into Petri dishes to color cells specimens, the slow way that the colors would trace out through the jello-like substance. That’s the way the pain hits.
It’s the way he does it.
They make eye contact. Tony can physically feel it, Steve softening in his hold.
He should have been better.
“Let me take you home,” Iron Man implores, “let me show you who I am.”
Steve glances down at the cardboard box in his hands as though he could have somehow managed to forget it. “I didn’t take my boots off, did I?”
“Well,” he says, trying to sound cheery, “let’s get on with it, then. Hand it over.”
Or otherwise it’s eye contact, the sort of look where both parties are willing each other, desperately, to read the same story they are, to stay on the same page, the kind of look that, otherwise, Steve has only ever experienced in combat. It’s a different kind of tension, hanging in the air, a fear tinged with something else entirely.
He didn’t look forty. In fact, it if wasn’t for the bruises on his face and the longer, shaggier hair, he could have easily passed for Steve himself.
Tony doubts it, but he stays silent. He’s never been able to resist the temptation to keep something his.
the one upset here, Mr. Stark.”
“Hey!” The Wasp interrupted, “How did you know there was a party?”
Tony rolls off him.
He undoes his own fly, surprised surprised at how hard he is already. Steve’s watching silently, his eyes intense, eager, near-black. It’s not the darkness.
“Yeah?” Tony asks, “What for?”
Steve cranes his head upwards, trying to think. In the faint light, he can see little of the handcuffs.
“Please don’t do that,” Tony says immediately, sobering up, “I’m going to be fine now. I — I really can’t risk…”
For a moment, Steve was struck dumb. It was Tony that spoke up. “May 30
A group of people pass, all women in long cocktail dresses, most of them startling shades of red or blue, blocking out Steve’s view of the conversation.
And stares. And stares. And stares. His mind, usually so helpful in times like this, is completely blank.
This leaves him on borrowed time, already overdue. He guesses the chill in his hands and feet is a symptom, an early warning.
“Are you sure,” Tony asked, his quiet voice only audible across the workshop to Steve’s superhuman ears, “that it’s safe?”
He writes a computer program which identifies matches better than his eyes can, better than the cataloguing system had. It’s a damn good one; a few years later, when he’ll think to sell it to actual police departments, it’ll fetch him a pretty penny.
“Little egg,” Tony says, with a yawn, “under your brain.”
Tony raises his eyebrows, sweeping his eyes demonstratively over Steve. For some reason, this makes Steve feel self conscious, almost flustered, but he gets the point.
A veritable bouquet is blooming on his arm, far more flowers than Steve had ever sent before, roses and lilies surrounding the hydrangea he’d drawn before. Tony’s eyes catch on the carefully shaded petals, the delicate lines of the flowers. He knows without flipping his hand over that Steve’s dark inky thumbprint is printed over his own.
Tony feels he should care. He doesn’t. The bed shifts as his — caretaker? companion? lover? — stands, and Tony sits up further, propping himself up with a pillow.
He’s a little pale, Steve notices. He’s in disarray. His suit is grass stained, though Steve hadn’t seen him fall. His hair is messed up. Dried bits of spittle stain his chin, having escaped the gag. He probably screamed, Steve thinks. He was probably screaming before Steve woke up from whatever magic induced stupor he’d been in. He’s human. He cares for Steve — Steve knows that, deep down, even as upset as he is — and not knowing what state he was in must have been terrifying.
Steve’s awe and excitement are both gone.
Being Iron Man and running a company and worrying about his near-constantly failing turns out harder than just running a company. Who would have figured? And still, Tony joins the Avengers. Tony finds it easier to escape into the persona, to let his teammates know him as an idealized version of himself. He feels good as Iron Man.  His vulnerabilities are hidden away from the world, locked away behind thick slabs of metal. He flies.
“That looks dirty,” Tony says, mostly just to fill the silence.
He kind of misses the sass he knows Steve would give back (could’ve just said that, he imagines, or, perhaps, what a surprise, I’m doing all the work), but watching Steve prepare himself is distraction enough. He’s businesslike about it, quick; he doesn’t waste time faking anything, which makes whatever emotion Tony can catch feel precious. There it is, just briefly, Steve’s eyes shut in stinging pain-pleasure, the corners of his mouth tightening.
“Really?” Steve spins the helmet on one finger, but Tony thinks his eyes aren’t on it.“I was thinking of you more as a kind of friendly ghost.”
They don’t have to know that. He needs his hands free.
Tony looks down, his eyes on their hands. “Let me take you back to the tower, Cap,” he says, “spend a night with the team.”
“If they did, we’d know way less about the tech,” Steve points out.
He doesn’t think he’ll be calling her.
Steve scans the perimeter, automatically looking for the source of the smell, and is even more startled to see that, across the room from them, little salmon sandwiches and hors d'oeuvres give way to a great heaping plate of roast pig, covered in herbs and baked fruit, surrounded by great horns of what Steve would guess to be mead.
No, the new butler.
It’s that thought, frustratingly bitter, that causes him to speak up.
It’ll be unfair to take Steve up on the pity fuck he might offer, but he can accept this. He’ll take this.
He hears something crumble behind him, concrete caving in.
One day, after training, as the team is headed for the rec room, Tony tags along. He generally doesn’t; the pizza provided after these occasions tends to leave him feeling nauseated and bloated, and he’s always got four other things on his plate.
Steve reaches for something behind them, and Tony sees him pick up something bright red, shiny plastic.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve doesn’t know why the thought hits him, why it could possibly matter right now, but he wonders if it could be a woman in the armor, if that possibility wouldn’t be more palatable to him. The eyes are attractive, framed by thick black lashes. He could see himself—
The thought is almost impossibly arousing.
Steve is going to have to understand, right? The heart failure, the secret identity, the impossible to balance intersection of his two lives, it’ll all speak for itself. Steve will know why he’d had to keep the secret, why he’d avoided him.
All night, he’s watched Tony faking it. The easy confidence at the party, the for-the-camera smile, the small talk, the wounded, clearly-fake nonchalance in the car. He’s been able to tell the entire time. Of course he was.
Arnie’s chin bumps the top of his head as he straightens up. His hand is still on the other boy’s wrist, pale fingers on soft, freckled skin. They make eye contact, briefly, and then both of them glance down at once to the little rose.
Tony was seated on the counter, his face tense, upset, and leaning against the wall. Future Steve was talking to him, using a ruler to gesture as he spoke.
Thor looks strangely domesticated in the beige sweater and green slacks he wears, remarkable only for his height and literally godlike physique. Cap wears his dress uniform. He makes a perfect picture in layers of khaki, old fashioned in a charming way. Tony feels the urge to mess him up, pull his tie out over his coat, ruin his slicked-back hair.
He turns on the screen, almost unbearably bright in the dim room. Normal human eyes wouldn’t able to make anything out from such a distance, but Steve squints and picks out the words.
It’s all too easy to lean in and close the distance between them. This kiss is different from the illusion he’d kissed in the hotel room, where he’d felt pulled along with a tidal wave, his whole body on fire after one kiss, spiraling wildly out of control. This one is soft and sweet. He knows who he’s kissing.
Tony winces, waits. Nothing happens.
Both of them know that Tony is in the position to do the talking, which rankles Steve more than it should.
“You know my limits. I know the safeword. If this wasn’t meant for emotional catharsis, Cap, I don’t know what the point is.”
She’s keeping him alive for a reason. Maybe if he can talk to her, get her to see sense — if he can tap into the part of her that must love him, still, because she hasn’t gone so far as to kill him.
Tony grins, wide and excited, feeling like a kid at Christmas. Or— a kid just before Christmas, making a list of everything he’d like.
His mind mostly made to don the suit and join them in DC when he reloads the page to see Steve’s face splayed out of the page.
Time seems to slow. Tony feels frozen behind the chair he’s tied Steve to. He’s still fully dressed, his clothes warm and snug, the starched collar loosened by a day’s wear, the black suit a little wrinkled around the elbows. He’s wearing socks without shoes, and they’re a little bit gross, a little bit moist. Steve’s nude, clean body feels like it belongs in a different reality from his own.
“No fair,” Natasha drawls, “that barely went anywhere.”
“Happy Hogan, James Rhodes, the team,” Tony said, “a couple others. Will you—?”
Steve falls in line behind Tony, his shoulder set, his face impassive, until they climb back into the car, sitting uneasily side by side.
Tony helps him out of the car, and Steve doesn’t try to stop him. He hands Tony the key, lets him unlock the door, lets him walk into his Spartan apartment. He’s never bothered to get curtains, and he doesn’t know if Tony’s going to notice this.
Call records show this call was not returned.
Some desire to spare his feelings has Tony averting his eyes, shrugging. “Yeah, a bit.”
He flies to DC in thirty-five minutes.
he thinks, numb,
That’s certainly a curveball.“What?”
Steve doesn’t know how to talk about this. Steve doesn’t know what to say.
Steve makes a show of rolling his eyes, but when it comes down to it, he’s good with orders. He finds something better to do with that mouth quickly enough, trailing messy kisses down Tony’s neck. Tony tangles a hand in the soft hair on the back of his head, stopping him before he gets all the way down.
Tony Stark, he’s told, is the man funding this entire operation. The surname is vaguely familiar. Tony Stark must hire good help, thoughtful people; when Steve is led upstairs to a room set up for him, he finds it welcoming to the extreme. The vintage radio works intuitively for him. The layers of blankets on the bed, the few pastels on walls, and the little rug at the entrance convey a sort of security, a stability Steve doesn’t feel but would like to. It’s nothing like any place he’d slept during the war.
It’s not even that Cap is delicate in bed. He’s hardly the perfect gentleman. He holds Tony up against walls, throws him over his shoulders, blows him in the coat closet at fancy parties.
Steve had asked him not to do that.
Tony tries to tell himself the same.
Tony rubs at his own mouth, his jaw, silent. Steve can hear the deliberate pace of his breathing.
Steve pulls his coat all the way on but pauses, old fashioned politeness warring with curiosity, “Dress code? It’s not another fancy party, is it?”
“What do you want?” He asks. For a moment, Tony’s heart is in his throat, some strange, paralyzing anxiety seizing his every muscle. What
Steve pulls lightly at the stitches on his palm, working his short, dirty nails under the bright shiny nylon. “I don’t know if we’re still together. She had an affair.”
“It’s not my first time being undercover,” Steve says curtly, staring straight ahead of himself. “It’s a single night. I can handle it.”
Steve palms him through his dress pants and smiles, self-satisfied.
“Thanks,” Steve says mildly, “we just got there ourselves.”
“Isn’t it just.” Tony agrees, drying his hand off with a napkin. “Quite the spread here. Didn’t cheap out on the catering.”
“Y’know,” Doris says, pushing her fork into the center of her potato to break it into pieces, “just because he’s your soulmate doesn’t mean you’ll like him.”
This is what she always says. That’s what his parents have maintained ever since Tony had been told enough to ask about the markings.
He wasn’t sure what he was about to ask, and he stopped talking when, next to him, Tony started to rise of the couch.
Call records show this call was returned at 6:17 AM.
“Not Captain America.”
He mops up the beer and carries the soaking paper towels inside, raising them high like distance will somehow prevent the liquid from dripping onto the floor, like it’ll see the ground so far below and decide that falling so far isn’t worth the effort. As he’s rinsing the yeasty scent of his fingers, he spies a pen on the table, Bic and plasticky and more cheaply made than anything Stark usually leaves around. He picks it up and stares at his arm.
And then, before either of the other men can think to break the awkward, near embarrassing silence with anything like pity, Tony changes the subject and delights in presenting Cap with present he’d picked out.
“Yeah.” Steve said, “I suppose I will.”
Slowly, Tony raised a hand to his face, pressing his palm against his eye. He was moving sluggishly, unsteadily.
He had been drunk, but no more than drunk than he was for most of his sexual encounters. He’d been far more plastered during the battle with the Liberators. His inhibitions had been lowered, perhaps. Perhaps he’d been a tad looser than he would have been otherwise. But Steve hadn’t been pushy, and Tony had called the shots. It doesn’t feel like a drunken mistake. It doesn’t feel like Steve’s idea.
“Nothing of the sort, pal. Fiancee back home. He’s very true to her, that’s all.”)
Still, it’s polite to ask, to hear the truth from the horse’s mouth.
“You shut it, you’re the one cursed.”
Steve settles into the background, watching Tony chat up a balding man in his forties he must know from somewhere. He can’t help imagining attending the gala with Tony. He’s gone to several functions with the man, finding charity galas generally a safer event with him around — few people are as skilled at politely ending conversations. They’d shared jokes about the other guests, once, when a retired general had not been able to unstick himself from Tony’s orbit, trying to coax him into a weapons contract, when a tipsy old lady had made it very clear she’d noticed Steve in the Biblical way. That evening, he thinks he had seen a different side of Tony.
you, Tony. I can’t imagine how much more this would have stung if you’d been a perfect stranger, someone with a family tucked away somewhere in the suburbs who was being paid to keep me company. You
It’d be funny, Steve thinks, if someone had a soulmate that didn’t love them back, that had another person entirely waiting for them. When he says as much to Arnie, though, Arnie stares and shakes his head, frowning.
It’s only Tony, standing a little ways away now, eating a tiny serving of gelato from a delicate little cup. Steve curses himself internally for the overreaction and holds Tony’s eyes.
“You’re proving a point.” Tony says, “I know that face, you know.”
He’s feeling awfully patriotic.
It’ll look better for the company’s PR to see Iron Man on the ground defending their property, would look like he, Tony, is doing something. He wouldn’t be surprised if #WhereIsIronMan is trending again on Twitter.
Steve huffs out a laugh, dry and disbelieving. “I’d suggest doing your homework next time. I’m not even on the team.”
Stark whacks the cord against the counter, a nervous tap tap tap, “It’s three in the morning.”
Shakily, Steve picks up the pen he’d dropped earlier, the one he’d been writing with in the journal. He turns the point of it on his arm and writes, his hand clammy and slippery on the little pen, “
Tony stares up at Steve, wondering if he’s somehow offended him. It feels nebulously wrong, what he just said, but he can’t place exactly how.
It was comfortable. Cozy, almost.
“Patience,” he says, “don’t you want me to fuck you?”
Natasha picks up Tony’s hand, fiddling with the little ring around his pinkie finger, pulling it off to see how it fits her own, much smaller, hands. She’s bored, and a bored Natasha is a recipe for disaster.
He beckons them over to the table, where Jarvis pours all of them wine. He notices a slight hesitation before Rogers takes his, the uncertainty of a man who doesn’t want to be rude. He lets it go. The bigger matter at hand is goading Thor onto their official team roster.
“Well, just say you’ll join me in a toast, Steve.” Tony says, reveling in the first name terms he’s pulled them into, in the newfound ability to tell Steve what to do.
decide to get involved in all this madness?”
“I like having lunch with you,” Steve said, feeling a little silly. “I like our games of tennis. You gave me a room here, but it’s— it’s the way you treat me that makes it a home. The way you treat all of us. We’d miss you. All of us would. We need you here, too.”
Steve can hold his breath for a long time. Ten minutes, Tony recalls hearing somewhere, either from Steve himself or one of the underwater training drills he’s done.
That night, he drifts off to sleep in the same medbay cot, feeling the same removed half-relieved resignation.
“Yeah,” Steve says, “I noticed.”
No answer from his side. Now, he watches the man type out,
“Wouldn’t be half as fun if you knew, would it?” Tony sets a hand on Rogers’s waist, giving him a light push towards the door. It’s all that’s needed; he goes without further protest.
The man’s hand stays on his face, big, calloused fingers rubbing lightly at Tony’s hairline. Tony leans into the touch.
They don’t talk about it. When they get there, Steve uses Tony’s shower and Tony drinks by himself on the yellow couch, waiting for him. They watch bad TV. The night passes how Tony expects it to, and by the time he wakes, Steve is gone.
Isn’t it possible she’s somewhere here, in the future? Isn’t it possible she works on similar devices to the ones Stark builds? Is it possible she’d been electrocuted, that something had happened? Is she okay?
For a moment, both of them are silent. They could drift back off to sleep like this, never mention it again. Tony seriously considers it. But something catches his attention, and he frowns.
When he comes to, he’s tied to a chair. No points for kidnapping creativity around these parts. His ankles have been hooked to the chair legs and tied with rope. His wrists are ziptied. Bad bondage etiquette. The noise outside tells him he’s in New York, the kind of New York with “City” after it in parentheses. His fingers are cold. His feet are cold.
Future-Steve and Tony were talking about advances in open-heart surgery, and Tony was drinking, judging by his slightly slurred speech, his fourth of fifth glass of mead.
“You didn’t feel like you were with me.” Tony says. He hadn’t felt like himself either.
Needing to fidget, Tony rolls Steve’s glove up and then back down,.“Can’t they find someone else to steal from, for once?”
He lands by the team, listening to their idle chatter. He wants to pull the helmet off, but he doesn’t want them to smell the alcohol and bile, so he refrains.
Really, it’s not a bad way to spend a life. It’s the best one he can think of.
Or, even:
He looks good, if a little tired. Tony has always liked Steve a little scruffy, and this is scruffy, post-mission Steve if he’s ever seen him. If they weren’t in a public place, Tony would grab him by the collar and kiss him, back him against the wall, against the counter, he’d—
No one will know what happened to Iron Man.
Both of them turn to look.
“It's fine,” Steve says, dismissively. He doesn’t move his hand.
XXX-XXX-2444, identified as A. Stark’s landline phone number. Unanswered.
He expects Rogers to lie.
out of the library. That was the first time he’d run into it, the avoidance, the way his mother had picked the book up and frowned, told him he’d better return it. Steve, who’d already blown through the book and found nothing in it but the slightly discomforting story of an evil painting, in which he’d liked absolutely nobody, still remembered the strange confusion, the unease.
Tony’s breaths are quick, panicky. Steve looks over at him, sees the pale face, the eyes, glossy with something that could be guilt or fear or any combination of the above, the rapid rise and fall of his chest, and doesn’t know how to feel.
It shouldn’t be sexy. It’s certainly not what Tony’s used to in bed — he’d probably hear more out of Natasha in one night than he’d heard of Steve in their entire relationship — but Tony finds it honest, charming. He’s the object of Steve’s single-minded concentration, his pleasure Steve’s objective.
“Don’t be stupid, Cap,” he says, sharper, perhaps, than he intends to say it.
“Yeah,” Steve says. “It was the moon, you know. The moon landing. It made me remember you. It made me realize there had never been anyone else.”
washes over him, and the overexposed sensation fades, the aches dull. Tony feels better, he thinks, than before.
It’s Jarvis who comes to take his measurements for a newer suit, one that he’ll apparently need on the team. It’s Jarvis who brings him amenities and pieces of clothing, all allegedly from Tony. It’s the Wasp who tells him various things about Tony’s state of mind; Tony’s busy, Tony’s overworked, Tony’s working with Iron Man somewhere in the Middle East and won’t be back for a few days, Tony apologizes deeply that he just keeps missing them. It’s enough to make Steve wonder if Tony Stark isn’t some kind of mass hallucination experienced by everyone in the mansion but him. Sure, things in the lab get moved around. Someone certainly creates a new suit for him. There are a few family portraits, one of them featuring a little boy and the other a teenager, hanging up on the walls, helpfully inscribed with Stark’s name. But it’s not such a big house that Tony should be able to avoid him forever, as successfully as he has been.
