When Sherlock finally emerged in the evening, John was ready to put his plan into action.
“It’s just  . . she has to work with these idiots day in and day out. I don’t want anyone giving her a hard time about her fairy son, all right?”
“This isn’t your division,” Sherlock snapped.
“John, you’re taking the piss.”
“NO . . .” Owen, Teddy, and Vic all started at once.
“My psychologist suggested I join an Omega grief support group. I met someone there who worked at the website, and they passed on my information. I went in for an audition and they hired me on the spot.” John huffed a laugh.
“I hate trying new things,” Sherlock sneered.
“Thanks for inviting us,” John said.
Sherlock passed on the offer of dinner, telling Lupaza he wasn’t hungry when she asked. She shrugged and made some food to eat with Naavi, retiring to her own room after. Sherlock was left alone with the quiet and his own thoughts in the main room. He was curled on the sofa, flipping through a bound copy of “Best Farming Practices” when the front door slid open. John appeared looking tired, but thankfully otherwise unharmed.
When it was finally done, John had to bat Sherlock’s hand away. “Wait! I don’t want you burning your fingers, or your tongue. I have plans for them later.”
“I’m thinking the people at Cambridge were idiots.”  John rose to move around the table. He gathered Sherlock against him. Sherlock allowed it, turning to press his face against John’s shirt as John carded fingers through the curls at his nape.
“No, never.” Sherlock gathered him close, smoothing a hand over John’s back. “Sometimes the way is unclear, but the Prophet’s path is always there,” he dredged up an old line of scripture.
“We need food, yes, and so much more – medicine, blankets, clothes . . .” Again John trailed off, censoring himself.
“No, I’m not. You don’t have a father. Just like I don’t have one either because
19. Sloop John B
“If you say so.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Fortune-telling is a very imprecise art. Give me a good set of arithmancy instead any day.”
“Violinist.”
“Close to London. We’ll be changing trains soon.”
“John.” Sherlock’s large hand came up to cradle the side of John’s face.  “Still, I should show you the whole house.”
“Do you think they’ll beat Chelsea this year?”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to keep you from your work.”
“I look forward to it.” Sherlock’s smile did lovely things to his summer-ocean eyes.
John sobbed when his orgasm finally rolled over him, pumping white stripes over his belly up to his chest.
Sherlock swallowed.
He was rewarded when the Bajoran lashed out, the twist of his body blaring his intent as he swung a fist Sherlock’s way. Sherlock easily deflected the punch and landed a jab to the man’s ribs. With a grunt, his opponent pulled away. The crowd booed its displeasure at Sherlock’s first hit. Of course John was in the crowd watching too, no doubt worrying, but Sherlock let that information slip to the side while he concentrated on watching his opponent’s feet.
“No, not when she worked here.” The manager shook his head.
“Oh, look, at that fantastic
Lloyds Pharmacy -  8 Station St, Kibworth, Kibworth Beauchamp, Leicester LE8 0LN, UK
” Sherlock complained.
John pulled off his jacket, and dropped it to the back of a chair. By the light of a small bedside lamp they’d left on, he moved to collapse over the beckoning bed. He rolled onto his back and starfished over the mattress, letting his limbs sprawl.
Sherlock bounded up the steps to join him in the bedroom. He appeared, looking a bit windblown, holding a box between his hands. He must have driven with the windows down John thought fondly, already wanting to go to him and smooth his wild curls down.
“Oh Emile, right. Well, that was easy enough to figure out. That Alpha at the office who took a week's holiday, Steven? It turns out he wasn’t taking a trip with his bond-mate like he told everyone. He told
Sherlock cleared his throat uncomfortably.
“Yes, fine.” Sherlock nodded only half aware of what he was agreeing to.
“The gardener,” Sherlock said as his mental processes finally picked up to analyze the evening. “Old Jenno, let the attackers in. But he’s been with us since we
He licked a stripe up John’s throat, and John groaned, feeling heat shoot to his middle as his very toes curled up at the pleasure.  He could feel Sherlock’s arousal pressed against his thigh and he was mad to touch him there. Before John could work hands between them, a series of loud knocks at the door startled them both. They stared at the door as another knock rang out.
John cried out a wordless warning just before they hit an even larger pothole, the vehicle bouncing hard enough to smack everyone’s heads on the roof.
missing you,” John replied.
“Oh, yeah.” John rolled onto his back. “No worries. Glad you liked it.”
“GOD, Sherlock, FUCK, Sher, Shhhh . . .” John sputtered helplessly as Sherlock plowed into him, driving him into the mattress.
“Still, you’d be brilliant.”
~ THE END ~
“Hilarious.” Sherlock sank into a nearby seat. Seeing Watson Harry brought some things back up he’d been trying hard not to think about.
John woke alone in the big bed feeling as if a truck had run over him. He had a nagging feeling that he might need to apologize for some things he’d said to his roommate the night before, but the man was nowhere to be seen. The other side of the bed was rumpled though. John hadn’t hallucinated his roommate crawling into bed with him last night. Sherlock’s coat and bag were gone so he seemed to have legged it off for the day.
“I know.” Sherlock frowned slightly pulling a bottle out for himself. “John, I didn’t mean to lie to you, but it was part of my cover. My real name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes. I do go by Sherlock, primarily.”
“Well, it would detract from my work.” Sherlock shrugged. “I have more important things to be doing with my time.”
Talking with the man was like a riding the drunken barrels at the fair, all light and sound, with his head in a whirl, but at the end, he’d bought a jar of gorgeous honey, and had received an invitation to the man’s home. John floated away from the booth on a cloud.
“Oui, madame,” the man said, accepting the gift to ferry it to a nearby table already groaning with gaily-wrapped packages and envelopes.
“What? You knew they had a pool.”
“John, who are you making eyes at?” Cecilia chortled beside him.
“Relax.” Sherlock was already reaching for the things, running his fingers over them. “We don’t have to actually USE any of these tools. We just need to search them. They might be another clue.”
“Thanks, Lupie, you’re an angel.” The boy looked up at her with such devotion, Sherlock almost laughed.
John grinned. Now things were getting interesting. “Okay — let’s pull our chairs together. Shoes and socks off. Your foot in my lap, mine in yours. You keep your hands to yourself, though — I’m in charge of all the rubbing.”
“Fabulous, just fabulous.” John smiled. “Come on, love, eat your food.” John nudged his plate closer.
“No more so than usual.” John sighed. “I’m just tired. A lot going on.”
“CALDWELL, JOSEPH”
Sherlock caught the page, his expression souring as he glanced over it.
“Well, clearly my computer was taking up my desk, and Professor Hardings told me I couldn’t do any more procedures at the labs that required extensive clean-up . . .”
“Miss you.” John mumbled against his lips. God, Sherlock smelled delicious. John wanted to climb inside his clothes to press closer to his skin. Stopping himself from working his robe open, he plunged his fingers into the taller boy’s dark curls instead, and dived back in for another drugging kiss.
“How did you and Sherlock realize you were more than friends?”
“That must have been awfully disappointing,” John deadpanned.
“You need ice at the least,” John gritted out.
“Grand-mère likes her privacy.” Sherlock shrugged.
“I knew it was her,” Sherlock said.
They were led to the back of the shop. John watched somewhat sadly as Sherlock continued away down the hall, but allowed Reginald to push a stack of clothing into his arms as he ushered him into a small changing room.
“God, no.” Sherlock snorted rudely. “That’s for you to do . . . if you wish. Just don’t bring anyone back to the room.”
Unless you want to know,
It was heaven losing himself in the taste and feel of John, the soft groan that escaped the back of John’s throat. After an age of kissing, and a smattering of whistles and clapping somewhere behind them, they finally surfaced for air.
“Yeah, well, it’s bloody hot there. The ice in the tea actually makes sense.”
“Are we going to the space port?” John hissed breaking into Sherlock’s meandering thoughts. “We aren’t supposed to go there.”
“Good-bye, John.” Mycroft nodded before he turned to leave.
John thought of the line of portraits down the long corridors, and imagined them all scolding at once as the older couple bickered good naturedly for a few more moments. It was obviously an old conversation rehashed again.  Their argument ended when Philippe passed Mrs. Holmes a brightly wrapped box.
“Happy to do it.” Sherlock smiled lazily, happy. “You could thank me with some food though.”
Molly’s friend Irene had turned out to be even better than she’d described. Sherlock had taken her out twice now to several horrible official events, and her wry humor had lightened the dull company enormously. She was an attractive woman, and Sherlock appreciated the way she looked on his arm as he led her to the dance area. He took one of her hands in his own, while his other slid to her waist as they joined the other couples moving about the floor.
“I spied on you.”
“I’m looking forward to it. Just come home, alright?”
“Ah, so much that you had to crawl all over loose American women in my absence?” Sherlock asked.
“Oi, Lion Man!” Victor appeared with a smiling Sarah in tow.
Lupaza shrugged. “Hey, you got us out of certain death. We’ve got a place to stay, food to eat, and another day to make a difference. From where I’m standing, things look pretty good.”
first kiss.
“What this one, the glowing rock?” the dragon asked, easily picking it out of the hoard of treasure with a claw.
“Jesus, Sherlock.” John’s voice had gone reed thin.
The tickets had cost a pretty penny, and John dug them out of his pocket to present them to a smiling staff member at the door.
“Yeah. That was amazing. Although the view in this bedroom right now isn’t too bad, either,” John said, giving Sherlock an appreciative look. “I’ll bet you could put on a show to rival the Northern Lights.”
“I understand. What sort of proof do you require?” Sherlock glanced nervously around the room.
“Watson, get your head out of your arse!”
“I never took you for a prude, John.”
Mycroft’s haughty demeanor shifted to something much more human.  “John, I’d heard that you’ve received a place at St. Mungo’s in the autumn. Congratulations.”
“You’re a bit of a mad scientist, aren’t you?”
“This!” Sherlock jerked around to face him. “You. Me. I don’t know how I’m meant to
“I think I already did, John,” Sherlock rumbled, smiling.
“Made a fuss,” John said. “I made so much noise they called in to the house rather than deal with it. It was dumb of me. I was just so mad that they wouldn’t let me through.” The sleeve of John’s tunic fell back as he reached up to scrub at his reddened eyes. Sherlock’s gaze caught on the long, angry scrape leading down John’s arm. He reached over to push the fabric farther back.
“No, you really don’t.” John said wryly.
John thought that Mycroft looked distinctly uncomfortable as he picked his words.  “Nothing of an immediate nature, no.  As you may remember though, Mummy heads several charity organizations. The Order of Orphans of War and Other Calamities is having a large gala today, and she was unable to get away.”
“Sherlock, we’ll need to put the farm in your name,” John said the next morning when they were sipping water, and nursing sore heads. “It’s safer that way. It’ll keep the property from being seized if it’s not owned by a Bajoran.”
“Beating who, what?”
When John returned from using the bathroom, his roommate had vanished again, leaving the covers in a tangle. John felt it was only considerate of him to make the bed, and he tugged everything back into place before hurrying off for a quick bite and his first class of the morning.
“Erm . . . no . . . just stretching my legs.”
“Sooo, you don’t need to buy anything today?” The man lifted one side of his long coat just enough to reveal a glimpse of the many bottles and tubes snugged in the pockets within. “I might even have some free samples . . .”
Sherlock burst into laughter, the deep chuckles filling the room.
Again, all the thanks to ChrisCalledMeSweetie for some FABULOUS beta work at a turn-around time almost faster than the speed of light.
“C’mere, baby.” John slid to the side, pulling Sherlock into his arms with him. He cradled Sherlock against his chest, tucking his head under his chin. “Shhhh.”
“OY. Not that again.” Teddy groaned. “How much do I need to pay you lot to never mention that again?”
The blazing temperature of the sauna roared over him. It was a dim, intimate room filled with platforms around a central fire pit of red-hot stones. The heat radiating outward was pleasant, but Sherlock wanted to do anything but let down his guard. As the other men found places to stretch out to warm themselves, Sherlock looked for a perch near the door.
He felt like he was floating, he rolled to the side to try to catch his breath.
“Sherlock, what now?” John panted.
“You know, love, I might feel uncomfortable sleeping in a room with a couple going at it myself. You can’t really blame them.” John reddened above his collar, but Sherlock merely smirked remembering when the  Ravenclaws had woken up during a thunderstorm, and caught them in the midst of a special moment.
Sherlock mumbled something incoherent that might have been an echo of the sentiment, and they drifted off, tangled together as they were.  John blinked awake sometime in the middle of the night, and they both roused briefly to wash off, get a drink of water, and turn off the lights properly. They tumbled back together to sleep deeply until mid morning.
"Um...Otter Valley." John squirms under him and twists his body trying to get free, yet not enough to throw Sherlock off.
“Possibly… Mycroft loves to appear clever, so hiding a clue in Cluedo is the sort of thing that he would do. But expecting us to hunt through every game — or every book or DVD, for that matter — just seems too mundane.”
“You know it’s okay to be gay, right? It’s perfectly normal.” John had to say it. Someone had to say it to this poor girl.
Sherlock clasped John’s palm in his own. It was a mistake. John’s hand was warm, firm, with slight calluses along his fingers, something that Sherlock longed to give more study. It was John’s subtle body scent though that seemed to wrap Sherlock up in a full body hug, stealing every coherent thought from his head. It was obvious that John used a scent-concealing wash, and was most likely on heat suppressants. Still the faint natural odor that emanated from John’s person was enough to make Sherlock go weak at the knees. The scent of fresh baking, and a warm fire on a chilly day that Sherlock had thought was some kind of air freshener in the room was simply John.
But of course that is not quite true, eh? We find many memories beneath the waves.”
John stopped by the bedroom on his way to the loo to fetch his dressing gown. He passed the closed door to the “East Asian” room which really did feature a good deal of pink in its décor. He could hear Mycroft moving around inside, drawers sliding open and closed.
“With her? No. But if it’s something you want to try, I’d be willing to give it another go. Don’t get your hopes up too high, though. I’m not sure it’s all that it’s cracked up to be. Aside from the awkward angles and the near-suffocation and the biting, I think it’s just kind of hard to focus on your own pleasure and somebody else’s at the same time.”
“Yes, but then you’d be stuck with the false belief that you’re not capable of mental arithmetic. 1,596 plus 3,192. Do it.”
“Oi, Harry, get off. I’ve not lost my mind.” John pushed her back. “Look, I can’t stay here with you and Clara forever. I need . . . to get on with things.”
“Steady on.” Sherlock slipped an arm around John to keep him upright.
“Sorry.” Teddy shrugged finally glancing up. “The rest of us don’t have nearly as interesting a love life as you do. We have to live vicariously, yeah?”
“Yes, of course. Quite extraordinary.” John smiled “So, what do you do when you aren’t harassing men in pubs?” John took a sip from his drink, and set the glass down on a nearby table.
John shivered a bit despite the warmth of the car. He turned the key and punched on the air.
“There’s nothing to be done until the deadline.” Anderson shrugged. “Giving the Bajoran scum two more hours to surrender or be smoked out.”
“I’m hurt. Can’t I have simply wanted to say hello to my only brother?”
The frisson of dread moved from Sherlock’s spine to pool in the pit of his stomach. It had to be something truly catastrophic to have unmoored Mycroft like this. More mass executions? The Federation abandoning their interest in Bajor? Or worse yet, had their camp been discovered?
“Oh, John I’ve thought about you so much,” Sherlock mumbled against John’s mouth between kisses, “about this,” he sucked lightly on John’s bottom lip, “about touching you again.”
“Oh, should I change?” John asked, clicking the game off.
~@~ THE END ~@~
“You have a great arse. If I told you the rest of you was equally gorgeous, would you hold it against me?”
The elusive Watson Harriet was John’s older sister, but Sherlock had only met her a handful of times over the years. Sometimes when mother was having a big party at the house, Harry had come in to help out with things in the kitchen, but mostly she was busy apprenticing with some tailor’s shop on the other side of Dahkur. Or being a tart at the space port if her current appearance was anything to go by.
“Yes, well, the colour suits you, good.”
“It’s a good enough place to start.” Sherlock nodded, obviously pleased at John’s line of reasoning.
“You Angel,” John murmured, petting him over and over, following the line of his back down over his arse.
They waited until the tech crew member arrived with a bag of diagnostic tools. Kira quickly explaining the situation before they left the crime scene.
Finally, the dinner was announced, and the group moved toward a dining area farther in. Irene took Sherlock’s arm as they followed in behind.
“God, sorry I missed it.” John laughed, pulling a face.
“Bloody hell!” John gritted out through clenched teeth. “I can’t believe you were doing this in a DORM room? What aren’t you using a lab, and why are you at MY desk?”
“You said the Magellan system.”
“Sherlock, will you go to dinner with me tomorrow night?” John asked the naked man plastered along his front.
John could still hear him talking as he moved into the bathroom, pulling the door closed behind him, his deep tones going muffled.
“It’s not a joke how I feel about you, but I don’t have to use the names if you don’t like them.”
He lifted out the gun and found it to be already loaded. He peered curiously down the barrel, causing to John to very firmly take it away from him.
“Yeah? Something cloak and dagger?”
“Bring the buckwheat pillow.” Sherlock pointed to the thing. “I’ll pop it in the microwave again.”
He picked out several packets of Wizard sweets he knew John liked, and moved through garden and housewares trying to find something Grand-mère might fancy. When he ended up at the jewelry display, he knew he’d found just the thing.
before Sherlock decided that he could find a better way of enjoying the movie with John.
Sherlock seemed completely oblivious to the whole exchange, pushing food around his plate between bites, but John was seething under his collar. It was like a day at the county fair with prize heifers on display.
“Yes, it was  . . . good,” Sherlock said, at a bit of a loss for what was to come next.
“You aren’t using it the bed, then. What does it matter?” Sherlock looked confused.
A series of buttons seemed to control the electricity in the building, but the one Sherlock zeroed in on was the one marked
“Scar on your first finger.” Sherlock nodded toward her hand.
“Good night, Mrs. Watson.”
“Come on.” John grinned, pulling Sherlock into the artificial rain.
He heard the uneven gait, the crunch of the cane on the gravel before even lifting his eyes to view the man approaching his stall. It was late, and Sherlock was bent low, busy sorting his unsold goods, not fussed with straggling customers at the end of the day. It had sprinkled all morning, and the farmers' market had seen a smaller than usual crowd for it. He was ready to call it a day. When Sherlock straightened upright to finally lay eyes on the man browsing his display of Holmes’ Fine Honey, it surprised him. He wasn’t an older gent as he’d idly supposed, but a younger, sandy-haired fellow with a square, pleasant face. Sherlock almost dropped the box he was holding as the contents shifted. He hastily set it to the floor before he could break anything.
“Stop reminding me.” Sherlock quickly turned his attention back to the parchment. “‘Where was the moon?’”
“See you boys in a moment.” She moved in to drop a quick kiss to her husband’s cheek before getting out of the car.
“Hmmm…?”
John blew out a breath and shrugged. “Who knows, mate? You know, before Sherlock, I WAS only interested in girls. I dunno.  Sometimes things change.”
“Ah, it’s no bother.” Sherlock cleared his throat. “I’m quite looking forward to it.” Truly he could hardly contain himself at the notion of a whole three weeks up close and personal with a Muggle place of business. He had only heard tell of fax machines. The chance to examine one in detail fair made him shiver.
“Noooo?” John said, his jaw dropping. Rhys was a good-enough looking bloke, but a SLYTHERIN, and a chaser on their Quidditch team to boot.  It seemed like treason of the highest order on Victoire’s part.
“Oh, no, wait I didn’t mean  . . .”
“Holmes, sir.” Anderson indicated Sherlock with a sweep of his hand.
“No more so than me, John. I sat in my fancy house, with anything I needed at my fingertips. I had no idea the backs breaking to keep our lifestyle going. Your mother . . .” Sherlock had to swallow deeply. “Your mother was more of a mum to me than my own. I used to wish I was Bajoran like you John  . . . I was so ashamed . . .” Sherlock was horrified to find that tears had gathered in his eyes. They welled up, overflowing, spilling down his cheeks. He turned, trying to duck his face, thinking of nothing other than getting away to hide.
“Who’s wee?” Sherlock pumped his still slightly hard cock against John’s sensitive entrance. John cried out, huffing a laugh.
John had nursed a distant hope that the outing might prove a distraction, but the greyness had followed him here too. He left Harry and Clara enthusiastically selecting herbs for dinner, telling them he’d just have a walk around on his own.
John licked his lips. “I think I’d quite like to go home instead if you don’t mind.”
For a moment Sherlock was shocked. The notion that he might not see John again wasn’t something he had actually entertained. He stood, dwarfing John as he rose to his full height. Somehow when they’d been sitting down, it hadn’t seemed important that he was so much taller.
Mrs. Holmes continued to view them all with a look of utter incredulity pasted across her face.
Naavi was relieved to see them, and exclaimed proudly over the new equipment. It was an older model, nothing to write sonnets over, but Sherlock hoped it would do the job they needed it for.
“Alright, MacGyver,” John said, brushing crumbs off his lap as he stood.
“Couldn’t wait to have you,” John said, starting the car. “Besides, who knows what we’ll find at the house when we get there. Decided I wanted you alone for a few minutes.”
“John, do you have any plans for Saturday?” Sarah hung around the doorway to John’s office.
“I think I could spare the time.” Sherlock’s mouth softened.
“You're next,” Sherlock said, reappearing in his nicest light blue, striped pyjamas.
“John, I . . .”  Kira spread her hands out in entreaty.
Sherlock binned the tissues and returned to gather a very pliant John against him. John managed to roll closer to Sherlock throwing an arm around his waist.  Gradually, Sherlock’s tumescence retreated as they lay simply breathing together.
“Nope. I’ve got a perfect sense of hearing. Even when there’s no dialogue, I can tell exactly what’s happening, just by listening to the score and the overblown sound effects.”
“Sometimes it scares me a bit. Like it’s so good, I’m afraid I’m going to fuck it all up.” John opened the cutlery drawer looking for a big spoon.
“Me?” John smiled softly, his eyes heavy lidded, looking near drunk.
Several of the bathers seemed to recognize Sherlock and called hello. He waved back amiably as they passed.
“I assure you, it does. Why don’t you read the next bit?”
Moving forward to reach Sherlock’s jaw made his rapidly hardening cock press up against Sherlock’s thigh and he gasped, then whispered into Sherlock’s ear, “I need you. Right now!”
They held their collective breaths, waiting. First a rumbling reached them, then a vibration until finally, yes, a trickle of water spurted up from sprinklers. Everyone looked about in wonder, almost not daring to believe it until Lupaza let out a war cry, dashing into the heaviest of the spray. No one needed more invitation than that. Soon they were all cheering and hollering, cavorting about like children at a fountain. More of the camp drifted in, enchanted by the spectacle, and the promise of sweet relief from the heat.
Sherlock made a rude noise. “I’ll speak to her. I’m sorry. She’s been around the house forever. Her mother was best friends with my Nan.”
“It’s not the sort of thing I planned to build a career around, and I’ve more important things to be doing now.”
John was inspecting the walls for anything they might have missed earlier. He turned back around, his brows ceased. “Hey, yeah, I’m right here, love.” He lay a comforting hand to Sherlock’s arm. “You alright?”
The feeling of John’s steely erection, still hot and ramrod stiff against his hip eventually roused him from his stupor.
“I think I’ll just turn in,” John said, holding up his book by way of explanation.
“Yes, well, I think I’ll be going now.” Mycroft stepped over to the back door, rapping it to summon the man in a chauffeur’s uniform who had obviously been waiting in the garden. The servant nodded politely at Sherlock and John before crossing the room on his way to the front.
“John.” Sherlock could hardly speak for the lump in his throat as he slid his free arm around the solid weight of him.
“I’m not sure that’s such a good idea. This is a refugee camp,” Sito, the elderly doctor cut in. “We run the risk of bringing more attention on ourselves if we have too much activity going on here.”
“Yeah, of course.”
Sherlock hummed something noncommittal in reply, and took John’s drink from him, tipping it back to drain it. “John, it’s so hard to pin down . . .”
Sherlock choked on the column of smoke he had attempted to blow unobserved out the  loo window.  “John . . .” he spluttered, whipping about, completely caught out. DAMN. Things had been going so well.
“I’m always in the mood for trifle,” Sherlock smiled, but the way his eyes ran over John, it wasn’t quite clear if he was talking simply about the food.
“Hey,” John said, shedding his things to fall on the floor.
“This is useless.” Sherlock sucked in a breath as he stepped back from his device. He closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “It won’t work.”
“No worries, mate. Glad you’re here now,” Mike said.
Once they’d paid and left the shop, Sherlock stuffed the medication in his pocket, and accepted the wrapped ice cream cone that John handed him. Sherlock copied John as he peeled away the top of the covering.
They paged through the book trying to match the shape of the dot patterns, finally realizing they were numbers. Sherlock got his laptop out, and typed in each number as they found them. When they had finished translating, they had a string of numbers, but no answer as to what it meant. Sherlock tried working out some sort of pattern to no avail.
John blinked, focusing his attention on the professors and speakers gathering on stage as the ceremony began. Someone from the Ministry of Magic got up to speak, and John’s thoughts skittered off again, this time to Sherlock’s valedictorian speech of the year before. A smile tugged the side of his mouth at the memory of how inappropriate it had been, but so very, very Sherlock. John sighed. At least he could think of Sherlock without feeling completely hollowed out now.
“Stupid fucking, sodding fuck . . .”
“Brilliant.” John lifted his tea cup with a smile.
With a final kiss, John left, pulling the door behind him, leaving Sherlock to stew in peace over the story of how the sea-tiger got his stripes.
“Can I?” John tugged at Sherlock’s underwear.
“How did you know . . .”
“Good morning.” Sherlock immediately rolled away, pulling the duvet up over his shoulder.
“Prophets, Sherlock.” John’s face dropped. “It’s a bit like you’re actually paying me.”
When the earth had stopped quaking, Sherlock rolled to the side to lie curled against John. The man had gone charmingly boneless. Sherlock petted over him, soothing him as he came back to himself.
“We need to erase her memory. Can you do that? Or do we need to call in someone from the Ministry?”
“Oh, ha, ha.” Her tall friend pulled a face at her.
“Not to be too indelicate, but Sherlock has never had someone before you.”
Sherlock kissed him. “Good idea. Let’s do it over breakfast.”
“the hell?” John whispered as another burly fellow appeared inside to usher them through the dark hallway. He pointed the way down some steps leading into even deeper gloom.
“Is it safe to say you’ll be accepting the position? You should be receiving word in the post of it any day now.”
“Sweetheart.” John pressed up to catch Sherlock’s lips in a kiss.
“Fine, we’ll take that, and an apple,” Sherlock said loudly, breaking the trance the woman seemed to have slipped into, “and hurry, please, we don’t have much time.”
“Right.”
As they ate, more of the revelers groaned themselves awake and joined the line for breakfast or staggered off for the washroom. Sherlock choked down the rest of the roll as John methodically polished off his small stack. After draining his mug of tea, John stood up.
Harry produced some cigarettes, and easily slipped one out of the packet into her mouth as she drove.  “Who wants a fag?” she asked shaking the package around the car.
“Something’s happening in this one.”
again. He was looking forward to sacking out on their bed, maybe having a quick cuddle before heading off to dinner.
“Yeah, yeah, I think so.” John pushed upright to lean against the headboard. He felt as though he’d just come from a fast run, struggling to get his breath back. A feeling of
The music had changed to another slow song, and Sherlock bowed formally to his cousin as she giggled before launching her in a more complicated version of the waltz he'd taught John earlier. John sipped his whisky enjoying the sight of them. Olivia seemed familiar with the steps, and they whirled about quite gracefully, laughing together.
Molly bit her lip, but said no more as she and the Bajoran woman helped Sherlock transfer things from the trunk to the new vehicle.  John moved stiffly, but walked on his own to the front passenger seat. Between the three standing, they were able to get the half-conscious boy into the back without jostling him too badly. Lupaza managed to get him to take some pain pills with water before he went under again.
“Ugh.” John felt as if something furry had died in his mouth, and his head throbbed painfully just above his left eyebrow. He desperately wanted to go back in time and tell past John to give the cognac after dinner a miss. He pushed gingerly to sitting, trying to stretch to life. God, he was too old for this. It was a great temptation to call in sick, but Dr. Callum was going to be out that day, and John was needed at the clinic.
“John?”
“God, you’re everything to me, Sherlock. Full stop. Everything.”
“Shame we don’t have any syrup,” John said, tucking in, “but this is fantastic, thanks.”
After lunch, John suggested playing some board games, and Sherlock readily agreed. They played a game of chess where Sherlock promptly beat the pants off of John, and suitably cheered, agreed to a few rounds of Scrabble where they decided any word was acceptable if they could make a good enough argument for it.
“Yes, please.” Sherlock smiled widely, looking only half his actual age.
“No worries. Thanks for your time.” Sherlock popped a sad little smile, and he and John were out the door to the next place.
“Okay.” John held Sherlock’s cock gently in a loose fist as Sherlock took John’s cock in hand to tug leisurely along the foreskin, letting it slide slowly back and forth.
Sherlock made a face like he’d just sucked on a lemon.
Sherlock was the first to reach the pillar with John right behind.
“What? It’s true. You are, simply gorgeous.”
John furrowed his brow scanning the text until he found the line that Sherlock had just read. Sure enough he’d been correct.  “Soooo, naughy hobbit, needs to be spanked . . .
The facility was reasonably warm throughout all the rooms, but John had to agree there was a bit of a chill,  psychological if not temperature-wise, in this clinical-looking dorm space.
Sherlock set the vibrator going again, before grabbing the lube to slick up his fingers. He leaned forward to take John’s cock in hand, sliding the foreskin along his steely length. John made an unearthly sound of relief.
“No, just me,” Sherlock drawled before taking the lovely cock into his mouth and sinking down.
Sherlock sped up as the Omega did, feeling his balls already beginning to tighten.
Johns hands seemed to have a mind of their own as they reached out. He made contact and Sherlock gave a full body shudder, but still continued to trace his fingertips over the outlines of the building on the plans.
“Oh, love, I don’t think there was a choice in the matter. I think I loved you from the first moment I clapped eyes on you.”
“I can already tell I’m going to win this one.”
Sherlock reared back and dropped a harder crack against John’s right inner thigh. John finally made a noise at that, deep in his throat.
They leaned back into the cushions to have each other then, peeling away their clothes to uncover warm skin. John scooped up something and smeared it over Sherlock, licking away what turned out to be honey with gusto. Sherlock giggled and then groaned as John’s tongue made it down to his cock, hot and hard, reaching up to John in the blackness. John wrapped a hand around the base, licking slow, broad stripes up the shaft as Sherlock mumbled encouragement, his hand coming up to tangle in John’s hair.
“God, John, what the hell?” Mike gestured toward the double bed, mouth open.
Sherlock couldn’t help watching as John’s small, competent-looking hands peeled away the outside skin.
“Bloody hell, that’s amazing.” Harry whistled, watching the birds now chasing themselves about the room.
“Nooo!”
Sherlock returned the frown, puzzled. What could he have possibly done wrong already? Oh, the house. He should have said something.
“Good, yeah, I think it’s going to be alright,” Victor said. “The position’s not as high up as my last place, but I think I can probably move up in a few months if all goes well.”
“You haven’t missed much,” Irene drawled. “We’ve just had Sherlock telling us how dull our tiny minds must be.”
“That’s right . . .”
“I didn’t see much on our rambles, but who knows.” John let go of Sherlock to scoop up a bite of his food.
“Wow,” John said, running a hand behind his neck.
“Thank you.” Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock had to admit that Irene had been right. The massage was fantastic. Sherlock sighed as strong hands pushed away the nearly-permanent tension from his shoulders. Irene, on the table beside him made an appreciative hum as the woman kneaded her way determinedly to her derriere.  When the masseuses finished, they left them to relax a few minutes more, drowsing in the candlelight as they tidied up.
“Oi, enough about me,” John could feel his face heating. “What about you?”
“That is odd, but not inconceivable.” John shrugged. “Still why would the family lie if it weren’t true? A joke, a hoax? Sounds a bit of a conspiracy theory to me.”
“What if I don’t want
“Yes. I was afraid it was just  . . .  a one off. A mistake.”
“Good, don’t let the door hit your fat arse on the way out.” Sherlock reached out to snatch Mycroft’s card from the table, crumpling it up to throw to the floor.
“It might be,” Sherlock said, buying himself a few more moments as he worked his thumb under the seal, and spread the curled paper flat. Elation rushed over him as he scanned the congratulations on his successful appointment to the potions internship with Herr Moser.
“Blue Moon?” John offered.
“Yeah, it’s fine.”
“You’ll come back, won’t you John? This isn’t the end of it all, and I’ll never see you again?”
Sherlock rolled into John and nodded against his chest.
“Sir, you’ve another progress report to sign.”
John didn’t think they’d ever actually gone to bed at the same time. It felt a bit strange, turning down the covers, putting out the lights, getting ready for sleep together. Sherlock left his desk lamp on as he changed into an old tee shirt and loose pyjama bottoms. John quickly averted his eyes to give him a bit of privacy, taking a moment to gather all his stray socks off the floor and get them into his laundry bag.
“Excuse me, sir. Your mother is looking for you.”
“When the shadow of the ruler crosses the line, we’ll know it’s noon,” Sherlock announced. “The shadows at high noon will let us determine our coordinates.”
“Good answer. So, do you know where to look for the next clue?”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said in a rush. “I didn’t mean to worry you. It was dark, I know we should have waited like you said, I just . . .”
“Hey,” John moved to pull him into another hug. “Thanks for picking up dinner.”
“Teddy’s right. I was an arse.” Sherlock reached over to scoop up John’s free hand. “It was the stupidest thing I’ve ever done in my life, walking out on John Watson. I hope he’ll let me spend the rest of my life making it up to him.”
“Who’s ‘it’ first?” Olivia asked, wiping water out of her eyes.
John pulled the wrapping paper from his gifts, exclaiming at each one.  He thanked his mum for some mystery books, and a new quill set, and groaned at Harry for a pair of red mesh underpants that he quickly shoved back into the bag.
“You didn’t say a thing.” Sherlock shook his head in wonder.
“Mycroft prefers chocolate,” Sherlock offered.
“I miss you already too.” Sherlock smiled softly.
Anne swallowed looking distinctly ill. “What is there to know? She died five years ago.”
“No, John, you wouldn’t find hot springs in this area of the world, best make it closer to Iceland.”
“Fuck me, John,” Sherlock gasped.
They found a place to set up camp in the soft white sand apart from the few other sunbathers, several metres from the edge of the clear blue water. John abandoned things almost immediately to charge toward the beckoning waves. John whooped at the first splash of warm water, turning to grin widely at Sherlock trailing after. Sherlock returned the smile with a quick flash of teeth as he caught up. They waded deeper together, letting the gentle waves lap at their chests and bellies.
“Well, no worries . . .” John flipped the small sign over and stopped, surprised when he found something etched across the back:
Sherlock leaned forward to peer at the tag on the back of John’s collar. Close-up he smelled of a light, woodsy cologne, and a deeper muskier scent of the man himself. Sherlock momentarily lost his train of thought.
He gestured to the server to pour for the table.
A new thought occurred to John as he lined things up to cut on his chopping board. Sherlock had said he was almost positive he could come Friday night, but if things went pear shaped at work, he might not be able to get away until Saturday. He’d promised he’d be there first thing in the morning if that happened, but God, John really hoped it would be tonight. He just wasn’t sure he could wait a whole other . .
To his horror, John found himself tearing up again.  “I don’t know.” John shrugged, wiping his face clean on the back of his hand.  “I guess it didn’t seem real at first, and then I just couldn’t find the words.” John took a long pull from his bottle. The cool wash of sweet helped settle him.
“That was bloody awful. I need a coffee.” Irene declared, popping on her over-sized sunglasses on despite the cloud cover outside.
“Alright, Spock.” The side of John’s mouth tipped up, but he let Sherlock think in peace at the kitchen table until the meal was ready.
“God, yes.” John lifted their joined hands to drop a kiss to the back of Sherlock’s.
It was magic of the most mundane sort, but lovely all the same as the wood finally caught and flared, yellow flames crackling to life.  They settled on a tarp they’d found to keep out the chill of the damp ground, and John uncorked the wine with the bottle opener he’d nicked.
that?”
When things were ready, Bianca waved the platters of food to the table, and with glasses of wine in tow, they settled themselves down to eat.
“That’s right. I bribed the musicians to let me sit in for a set. I told them it was a present for the newlyweds.” Sherlock lifted a shoulder carelessly. “I needed to keep Frasier under surveillance. I’ve been monitoring him for a few weeks now, amassing evidence on a PONSI investment scheme he’s been running. Finding him accessing a post office box here in Edingburgh was the last bit of evidence I needed to nail him.”
“Come now. You have to stop back at the house anyway to collect your things, and Mummy hasn’t seen you all summer.”
Sherlock rang the doorbell by the discreet gold plaque reading
“Jean,” Claudette leaned breathlessly into John’s line of view. “Come dance with me.”
“Oh, in that case, I’ll need a better good-bye than that.” Sherlock dropped his paper to push back from the table. Turning, he pulled John over to tumble into his lap.
Sherlock responded with a string of nonsensical, guttural utterances, his back and face tensing as the energy coiled within him.
“What else have you done, how else do you define yourself?”
“Good, I don’t want John to know.”
“Come, my captain,” Sherlock repeats hoarsely as he hits John's sweet spot again.
“Yeah, fuck, yeah,” he panted, allowing the cumtoy to get him off with her clever hands and tongue.
John tensed, waiting for the effects of the potion to take effect. Making a fool of himself in front of everyone was just NOT on, but oooh, wasn't the light streaming in through the window simply gorgeous?  Some time later, Professor Lestrade’s handsome face swam into view. He urged John to take a sip from a cup, and John grinned as he accepted it. It was simply GRAND of the professor to share his drink with him. John took a swallow, and felt the bright, bouncy world around him dimming, sliding back down into its usual place. He found his right arm had gone to sleep under the large Slytherin boy, Rhy, leaning against it. The two of them seemed to have wedged  themselves somewhat uncomfortably onto a window sill together. Rhy grinned widely as he drank from a cup of his own.  John watched as his merry expression melted to something like horror. The two of them couldn’t scramble away from each other fast enough.
“I’ll have to if you nobs eat them all in one go. Hey, leave some for everyone else, Tom.” Owen cried as Tom grabbed for a handful. “Me mum made them for my
“Was I the only one who practiced over the summer?” John raised his eyebrows.
“And I you.” Sherlock’s smile took on a hint of mischief; he clearly knew something about the walking section of the puzzle which John did not. Or maybe he was alluding to something beyond their time here. The rest of it. Yes, John needed Sherlock for the rest of it. And Sherlock needed John.
“Oh I doubt he actually wrote it, but I’m sure he dictated the shape of it.”
“Bye, Sherlock.” John’s voice cracked slightly as he put out a hand to shake. Sherlock reached out meaning to clasp it, but suddenly they were in each other’s arms again, one last desperate embrace. They clung to each other, pressing tightly almost as if they hoped to make an imprint of the other across their bodies to carry away.
“Oh, I heard about it, the Institute. It’s at
“Good-bye house,” Sherlock echoed wistfully looking about.  “I wish we didn’t have to go.”
John looked at his nearly empty glass, and worried that they were all growing mawkish from the wine.
With a reassuring pat to his shoulder, John darted off to catch the man. Sherlock sipped the last of his cooling tea, idly watching the Bajorans still in line. Some took their trays to open benches but many simply folded to the floor to eat their meal.  Sherlock briefly considered asking John to get him a second cup when he returned, but quickly squashed the idea. He had several boxes of tea in his pantry to chose from when he got home. No need to use up what the Resistance had.
“You’re right, that has to be drafty,” John chuckled, glancing down at his own legs.
“Oh, God. Sorry.” John blinked, pushing himself sadly away from the comfortable warmth. “What are you doing here?”
“What’s the report from the River Caves cell?” John glanced at Kira. “How are supplies holding up?”
Sherlock finally turned, finished. “I know a nice pub. It’s hard to get to though. It would be easier if you just side apparated with me rather than trying to follow my directions.”
“Activating perimeter protocol,” an electronic female voice announced.
“Get out!” John turned to yell at Kira. “Take your things and go. You’re bunking somewhere else now.”
“But what of you?” the hobbit protested. “You could come with me.”
“That’s great.” John nodded. “So, are you dating, seeing any boys?”
“Of course, John. Let me get you some leftovers to take home. I’ll never eat all this alone.”
“Okay, fine,” John huffed, slipping sideways to lie beside Sherlock again, splaying a hand to cover his bare middle, enjoying the look of tanned skin against the pale white of Sherlock’s belly, honey on snow. “God, what time is it? Mrs. Hudson wanted us at six.”
Sean was a classically petite man dressed in a flowing silk pantsuit. He rose to greet Sherlock warmly once his Beta bodyguard ushered him into the sitting room. The space was a riot of coral and peach tones with cushions, rugs, and wall hangings filling every available square inch. Sherlock perched on one of the floral high-backed chairs offered him while his host took another.
“Sherlock, for Godsake. Why didn’t you tell me you had a stepfather?”
“Had my first kiss here actually.”  John rubbed his chin, meditatively.
“No, it is not perfect.” John shook his head. “I’m not interested in dating anyone. And certainly not . . . my roommate. God, Irene, stop it.”
Sadly, it came all the same no matter what John wished. In an eye blink it seemed, it was time to check out of their room with their bags all packed.  John walked Sherlock to the Hogsmeade portkey station as the luggage pattered amiably behind them. They’d hardly slept the night before, clinging to each other in tangled sheets, and gasping out declarations. The dark had been nudging into dawn when they'd finally dropped off for a few hours of sleep.  John dragged his feet, as they walked hand in hand, stopping to admire things in shop windows. Finally Sherlock pulled out his pocket watch, and declared that it was time for him to leave.
“Gant, this is Kira. We’re detecting an anomaly in the force field. Watson and Holmes and I are close enough to make a visual inspection. You might want to send a tech to follow up.”
John walked around to the back door, coming inside to find delicious smells in the kitchen, and Sherlock with a couple of pretty young women in the workshop room. They were obviously packing jars of honey for transport. The women were buzzing around Sherlock like bees at a fresh patch of clover.
Wordlessly, John, who had managed to get his pants back on, handed him two more pots. When Sherlock was half-way through the second one, John plopped back on the sofa next to him, a selection of take-out menus in his hand.
“You need to eat, John, and there’s more to share. Still, I meant it when I said I could get some serious supplies now. Get me a list of what you and your friends need, and I’ll see what I can do.”
Sherlock glanced about at the bland walls, and simple inset doors, and huffed a small laugh. “Yes, it does.”
“Here, let me put the food in the kitchen,” John said, scooping up the large brown paper bag Sherlock had dropped. He carried it with one of his own across the living room, and into the back where he knew the kitchen lay.
“Exactly.” Mrs. Watson nodded. “It’s just . . . we’re getting married because I’m pregnant.”
, John.” Sherlock couldn’t help the smile that he knew was splitting his face in two.
Sherlock whirled around to lead the way up the front walk, John following at a slightly more sedate pace. A chorus of insects simmered pleasantly in the background, seeming to have replaced the hum of the bees, all tucked up for the night. Sherlock produced a key and unlocked the front door, ushering John into the tall foyer quickly to thwart the moths careening around the entryway, batting at the porch light.
“Oh, Prophets.” John sighed. “You’re a menace, you know this? Alright, fine. No talking to anyone, and when I say go, we go.”
“Of course.” Lupaza looked a bit embarrassed at barging in on them. “I’m sorry. I just can’t sit around doing nothing. Not while . . . everything is going on.”
“I never took you for a prude, John.”
“Good evening! What I can bring you two fellows tonight?” The arrival of the waitress was an unwelcome distraction.
today?” John pulled back much to Sherlock's disappointment.
“I’m here, right here, in front of you. Wouldn’t it be nice if humans could use echolocation as well as bats?”
John moved his lips. He tried not to laugh as he shook a finger at Sherlock.
“WHAT? You two never have plans.” John’s eyebrows shot up.
"Right,” John says. “Please stop.”
Sherlock left to find them cups of punch, and John helped himself to a cracker with something fishy on it, when he turned about and found Mycroft looking even more formal than usual behind him.
“Well, they were looking for a jewel. Is there anything in the place that might be like a large glowing rock? Or anything buried?”
Gradually Sarah cheered as a few cosmopolitans made their way down her throat. They took to the dance floor as a group, enjoying the high energy of the music. Sarah’s friends peeled off as they found blokes to dance with, and John continued dancing between Sarah and Sherlock, hamming it up. John realized he’d always tried to play it so cool on the dance floor before when he was younger. Having no fucks to give was infinitely preferable as he shimmied, and flailed, throwing in funny moves to make Sarah laugh. They pretended to swim, direct traffic, smell their armpits, and fly like superheroes.
“I’ve got a name, and a confirmed sighting.” Sherlock grinned. “It’s infinitely more than we had when we started this morning.”
"How will you ever know if you don't try them all?"
“What do you think?” Sherlock ducked his head close to John’s.
“Change the subject, Sherlock,” Mycroft had chided, taking a delicate sip of tea. “Speaking of a new subject. Mummy wants you and John over for dinner tomorrow.”
“What are friends for?” Victoire smiled, and leaned in to drop a kiss to John’s cheek.
“No.” John shook his head slowly.
“Well, I can’t imagine that East Dean has much in the way of excitement after Afghanistan, Captain Watson.”
“John,” he said, producing a smile as he took her hand. “Paper, hmmm?”
“This is good.” Kira whistled.
“I think so.” A very confused Mrs. Kent allowed herself to be pulled to sitting. “But I saw, I know I saw . . . I must be going mad . . .”
John made a sad noise, and buried his face deeper into the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
“More like boy-scouting,” Sherlock said. “We’re going to make a sun dial and a device to determine our coordinates, see if it matches what we’ve been given.”
“ ‘Who is there, who dares disturb my rest?’ the dragon roared.
“Please what, my wee laddie?” John’s fingers danced up the inside of his legs, teasing, tormenting, stroking everywhere but Sherlock’s obviously straining cock about to hit him in the eye as it bobbed.
It was heaven, warm, melting, skin-on-fire heaven to rock together, cocks pressed tightly between them. John moved to lick across his palm before reaching down to gather Sherlock’s erection in his palm.
“Nerys!” John called as a familiar face tumbled from the back of the truck with the newest arrivals.
A sign made of large glowing green letters hung in the air just above his head in the mouth of the alley.  “Sale, sale, sale – this way!” it proclaimed with a flashing arrow underneath. Curiosity got the best of him, and Sherlock followed where it pointed.  He knew he was going the right way when another sign popped up declaring “Don’t miss the savings!” with a left-facing arrow.  He turned obligingly, passing an overflowing skip to discover “You’re almost there. Keep going for SAVINGS!” shimmering at eye-level.  Sherlock was quite pleased when a few more paces delivered him to an old wooden door set back into a nondescript brick wall. Another notice appeared briefly as he stepped closer. “To enter, tap wand thrice.”
“Erm, John, it occurs to me that I could use some help with this. If you wouldn’t mind taking the gorilla, I’ll take the pink shirt.
“Ah, Sgt. Donovan, this is my boyfriend, Dr. John Watson.”
“Only 25 at the time.”
“Knock ‘em dead, mate.” Owen grinned.
John might have loitered there forever, basking in the lovely man’s gaze, but a couple with several small children jostled in, and the moment was gone. Sherlock turned to serve them, and John shook his head at his folly. He walked onward, noting that his bum leg felt almost normal.
English: Sherlock, it's good to see you, but who is this, a friend?
“John, you’re perfect.” Sherlock breathed. “I don’t really want you any other way.”
“Mmmmmm,” Owen commented from where he sat slumped against the wall. John pushed the bottle toward him, but Owen waved it off. John shrugged and took another swallow.
The prince felt a horrible writhing begin over his entire body. He ran as fast as he could from the dining hall into the night trying to escape the spell, but the magic had wrapped its tendrils around him. As he ran, he felt himself twisting and growing until he had turned into an enormous dragon. There was no way he could return to the castle having grown to almost half the size of it. Reluctantly, Sir Boast A Lot left his home, raising his wings to the breeze to find somewhere more dragony to roost.
“Rude.” Sherlock shifted in his chair.
“I wish I’d met you in a club like that,” Sherlock said wistfully. “Earlier. It might have changed some things.”
John closed his eyes, shaking as the waves of joy built higher and higher. Nothing existed but Sherlock’s hand and the good feelings spiraling over him. John gasped as he exploded, writhing as exquisite pleasure burned his thoughts to ash.
“ . . .  I have a translation spell on.” John finished lamely feeling a searing heat rise up over his face.
“Well, that’s the thing, the full moon is when . . .”
“No, you didn’t. It was all me. I asked you to do that scene. I just . . . I didn’t know it was going to go tits up like that.”
“Alright, someone explain to me what the hell is going on here.” The crowd parted to allow a striding Shakaar to join them.
“Only a few years,” Sherlock admitted, navigating elegantly around the kitchen, each movement fluid, almost choreographed like a dancer. “I lived in London after uni for several years.”
They’d  been playing with fingering over the last few weeks, making liberal use of the several bottles of lube they’d picked up at the shops, but full penetration was a new thing.
“You did the right thing.” John rubbed a circle over his back. “What are you going to tell the guy?”
John leaned in again and kissed him quickly.
“I did. I miss not knowing him.” John admitted.
Sarah wore a lovely, long red dress with sparkly trim, and Victor was the height of fashion in a dark suit, gold-trimmed waistcoat and matching tie. They looked quite nice together.
“More tea?” John raised his eyebrows.
“Oh, you should pick it back up. I’d love to hear you play again.”
“Right, okay.” John nodded. “Yeah, that’s great"
John involuntarily brought his hand to his mouth, frozen in wonder. Beside him, Sherlock stood transfixed. All around, the Northern Lights ribboned across the heavens in otherworldly shades of green, blue, and violet.
John swallowed. “Yeah, good. We had a great time, and Sherlock is fine. A bit overworked, but good.”
John could hardly see Sherlock’s face it was so dark, but he leaned in, curling his fingers around his shoulders, finding his mouth, kissing those warm, soft lips that parted for him, over and over, diving in deep.
Sherlock seemed to wake from a trance as he blinked, slowly lowering his wand arm. Grand-mère surveyed the scene quickly. With a grim look, she pulled out her own wand, and sent the cursed goblet to fling itself back into the cupboard. Once the door had closed and locked itself with a click, she turned hard eyes to Alastaire still on the floor.
“Which side do you fancy?” John asked Sherlock, eyeing the posh, leather interior of the car.
“No side effects from the poison hex?” Lestrade leaned in to ask in a low voice. “Weakness of limbs? Blurry vision? Gaps in memory?”
“Morning.” John blinked awake, grinning lopsidedly when he found Sherlock studying him.
In the morning, Sherlock surprised John by fashioning some eggy bread for breakfast out of a packet of rolls from the freezer, and some powdered egg and milk mixed together. He served it up with a small jar of berry jam.
Still bland women and friends aside, once a month, John’s regular behavior changed markedly. It annoyed Sherlock that he hadn’t caught the connection the last two times it had occurred.  Of course the first time it could have been a simple aberration, and the second time, Sherlock had been knee deep in tracking that online embezzling case. He’d almost been grateful when John had stopped fidgeting around the flat and taken himself out.
“Mummy, don’t start cross-examining John.” Sherlock shifted forward, meeting his mother’s stare. “His father is in sales, and his mother works as a receptionist at a dental office. He has one older sister currently learning to be a sous chef in London. He grew up in Aldershot where he excelled in squash, football, and graduated with honors. He’s currently dividing his time between studying medicine and playing on the school football team as an attacking midfielder. There. Tea anyone?” Sherlock gestured to the pot that had been deposited at their table.
True to form, John was biting at his lower lip and tensing up before he came. He groaned out his release, jerking as it rolled over him before finally falling off of the female, spent. Her handler was on her in a flash, stretching her out to bury his face in her lap, using his mouth to bring her to a near screaming crescendo.
“Up here!”
“Jesus, Mycroft. Do you think I’m going to encourage Sherlock to
The sounds grew louder, until they burst out of the underbrush into a clearing ringed by a stand of trees in nearly every shade of the rainbow. Their multi-coloured leaves chimed like a massive bell chorus as a slight breeze ruffled through them, each tinkling and ringing in turn.
“My brother knows both my strengths and my weaknesses.” Sherlock sighed. “Well, we’ll read it through, at least. ‘What shall I give?’”
“Alright.” Something had shuttered in Sherlock’s expression.
“Actually I was thinking of taking a walk. I would enjoy the company if you’d like to come with me.”
“Alright. Do you want to do the Thai place?”  Sherlock stepped back, rubbing a hand down his other arm. Self soothing.
“Ah, well, it was the best option I could find.” Sherlock sat up, rubbing at the muscles under the base of his skull, finding that that did indeed feel knotted.
“Horribly so,” John said. “Simply knackered. I absolutely need an early bedtime. You probably do too.”
“Of course, John, it was but a trifle.” Mycroft nodded, relaxing as he saw John was not about to make any comments on what night time activities
“Okay, John.” Lupaza nodded amiably as she and Naavi headed off to the house. Sherlock hesitated. Something about John felt off.
“Yes?”
I’m hoping to get a weekend off as soon as I can. Things are busier here than I expected.  I’ll let you know as soon as I can get away.
“Thanks, this is fine.” John kindly but firmly removed the woman’s hand from the vicinity of his crotch.
" John read the title on the front page somewhat incredulously. “What in the world?”
“William, hey, WILLIAM!” someone called over the pounding dance music, chasing him into the hall.
John slid onto the empty stool next to Teddy, his face flushed, ignoring the other boy’s questioning look. Somehow John had forgotten to tell his mates about the cursed goblet and the whole debacle at Sherlock’s grandmother’s over the summer. The story made him feel like a right tit.
He and Bill moved to relocate their pups from the group snuggle. John was in a bit of a haze, baring his teeth and growling when Sherlock pulled him off the bitch by his collar. Sherlock merely locked eyes with him. “DOWN, boy,” he rumbled. John folded instantly, meekly allowing Sherlock to lead him away.  His whole manner lit up though when he realized Sherlock was taking him to rendezvous with Samantha at one of the mats.
“Yeah, sure,” John agreed, thinking it might not alarm Harry as much as seeing the Aston Martin again.
John stopped briefly in the corridor to wave his wand toward the staircase leading to the Gryffindor dorms.
“They’ve just called off Angela’s wedding.”
“Do that and I’ll tell her you were here with your weird, cross-dressing friend.” Harry narrowed her eyes as she nodded toward Sherlock.
“Bed?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “We can always pick this back up again tomorrow.”
“Well, it certainly wasn’t completed. We still have a sodding double bed in our room.”
A rustle at a curtained alcove at the end of the room soon revealed a young priestess swathed in robes of purple, her ear chains dangling a number of pendants. “Good evening, how may we serve . . .” She stopped when her eyes landed on Sherlock. He ducked his head, trying to look small.
“Ow! Now there’s the the Harriet Watson I know and love.” John massaged the sore spot.
“You don’t know that, love.” John sighed, reaching out to take one of Sherlock’s hands. The taller boy relaxed as John threaded their fingers together. “You might have drunk from the cup too if you’d been there. It was very compelling. The important thing is it worked out alright in the end.”
“Life is short, eat dessert first – isn’t that what they say?” Sherlock’s voice had gone a bit breathy.
“You like that, hmm?” John crooned.
. John met his onslaught just as fiercely, the two of them rolling together, trying to merge into a single being as they grappled and twined themselves together long into the night.
“Come on, then. You reek. Let’s leave your clothes out here, so we don’t stink up the bedroom.”
John grinned as a bag of Bott’s every-flavoured beans came his way, and he grabbed a handful.  “Thanks, everyone. Thanks so much.”
“Don’t mind if I do.” John smiled, dropping his trousers to climb in after.
“I will, I am.”
“Prophets’ balls, I hope this works.” John stood at Sherlock’s side, rubbing a hand nervously over his chin.
“Thank God we don’t have to.” John mock shuddered. “Come on, grab some bowls, will you?”
It was a pretty goblet with an ornate stem and base covered in a bas-relief of naked, writhing figures of both sexes.
His laptop was right nearby. Without thinking too much about it, Sherlock opened the
he told himself.
“Do you?” John challenged, changed the movement to a tighter circuit, pressing in a bit more until they were simply grinding together, all pretense at not sliding their thickening cocks encased in a few layers of fabric against each other abandoned.
“IRENE . . .” Sherlock cried.
“Yeah.” Rhys added as he dropped to his seat, scooping up Victoire’s hand to hold across the table.“Have fun.”
“What me?” The boy rocked back on his heels, looking unsure at being singled out.
Suddenly Sherlock couldn’t stand being so far away from John. He scooted down the bed to gather him close.
Sherlock groaned and collapsed back across the bed. “Oh, God.”
“So what happened?” John prodded.
“Oh, yeah, right. Count me in too.”
“I know. You’ve done more than enough. Just drive a moment. I’ll think of something.”
“Mmm,” John bit his lip, trying to stay quiet.
He demonstrated by delicately removing the ball of wax from his mouth and dropping it into the nearby rubbish bin. John followed to lean over and spit his directly into the can. Sherlock tried not to be charmed by John’s every move, and failed.
“Nonsense, they’ve more than enough stuff and bother to be getting on with at the moment.” Mrs. Holmes waved a hand as she set the bottle down. “You boys should enjoy it.”
“It was a bit salty. Maybe something else?”
“Not worth it.” Mycroft shook his head. “Your DNA would be picked up by any scanner during your trip.”
“Oh, love.” John gave up on the telly, grabbing the remote to mute it. “I don’t expect us to make a fuss over dinner every night. I know you had a life before I came along. It’s alright. Did you eat anything today?”
“Molly, how are you?”
“Well, good choice.” John grinned. “I just dyed my fringe blue when I was rebelling back in sixth form.”
“Uncle Siggy, noooo. We’re having fuuuun,” Olivia whinged.
Everyone fell right asleep at lights out, except John. He found himself tossing and turning amidst the snores and snuffles around him. Somehow he simply couldn't get comfortable without the warmth of a familiar weight sprawled against him. John’s mind kept wandering so many kilometers away, and he ached with wondering what Sherlock was doing right that moment.
When John led the way to get changed from their wet things, Mycroft caught Sherlock’s arm as he made to follow him.
John selected one, and bit into it, though his heart really wasn’t in it. Truth be told, he’d been living on slices of cream cake and cups of tea with too much honey for the bulk of the week. One night’s dinner had simply been half a jar of honey eaten with a spoon. It made John feel closer to Sherlock licking down scoops of the sticky, yellow stuff, harvested with Sherlock’s own hands.
“What’s the number?” Sherlock asked.
“Hey, babe, I’m so glad you’re here.” Johnny’s smile lit up his whole face. “I’ve been lonely without you. God, I’ve been waiting for you to get home.”
“Sher . . .” John tried to croak, but his throat was too raw to properly speak.
“Hey there, kitty.” John stopped directly in front of Sherlock’s chair.
“John.” Sherlock blinked at him in surprise. “What’s the matter?”
“By cuddle do you mean . . .” Sherlock let the sentence trail off.
“I can’t say.” John looked away, scanning the quiet street.
The restaurant was a bit more posh that John was used to, and of course the menu was in French. Sherlock and Victor were instantly nattering away
“Lift your hips,” Sherlock said. When John complied, Sherlock placed a pillow beneath his pelvis, arranging his currently flaccid cock into a position that would provide room for expansion. “Comfortable?” he asked.
The warm presence still sleeping peacefully beside him, tangled in the bedcovers half on and half off the bed, with one sturdy calf thrown possessively over his own was of course the source of both his discomfort and happiness. John, glorious John. HIS John if the night before was anything to go on, and not simply a one-off, fever dream shag caused by the full moon or some madness in the air. Hang on, hadn’t John been going on about something related to the full moon the night before? It was all such a muzzy mix in his head, punctuated with such heart-stoppingly good sex, Sherlock could hardly remember anything they’d actually
Sherlock eventually roused himself for a trip to the bathroom, and something from the kitchen. He turned on the wall vid, and ordered the computer to relay any messages. Molly’s round face flickered onto the screen telling him that she and her husband had returned home safely, and urging him to call her back. Sherlock sighed in relief. The next message was a terse voice-only recording from Mycroft. He was planning a trip into town next week and hoped to meet Sherlock for dinner. Sherlock skipped ahead.
“Oh, John, Brilliant!” Victoire smiled brightly. “Now you can apparate out of the way when any bludgers go for your  fat head.”
“Good to meet you.” John nodded.
He knew Victor wouldn’t bother following after, the voice of his friend, Christian, distracting him, pulling him away from the nuisance of chasing a figure already blending into the dark of the night.
“I know, but did you have to kick Kira out of the house?”
“Ah, maybe she can get us some good intel on what the Slytherin team has planned for strategy this year.” Owen shrugged.
“Yeah, okay.”
“I was partial to ‘Treasure Island’ growing up,” Sherlock said.
“John, I love you,” Sherlock whispered, his lips brushing against John’s ear.
“Absolutely not,” Sherlock bristled.
John moved in next. He scooped up Sherlock’s hand, pumping it heartily.
“He’ll be alright. Victor’s like a cat, he’ll land on his feet.” Sherlock picked up another jar.  “I made some soup if you’re hungry. It’s on the hob.”
Sherlock snorted, but consenting to eat his meal before saying anything to completely piss Irene off.  John glanced around the table at his friends, happy when the talk moved from their new-found fame to some romance movie coming out with gay leads.  Sherlock looked up from his pasta and smiled, something private just for the two of them. John reached out to take his hand
“And reverse anything you’ve already done.” John added wisely turning back to the chalkboard.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over the landscape.
Sherlock wanted to snap something churlish, send the man away, but he was feeling too relaxed to put up a fight. He had the man’s services for the evening. He might as well let him do his job. The fact that he was actually enjoying the attention was NOT the deciding factor he reasoned.
John blinked awake to the taste of something furry in his mouth, bright light streaming in through the window, and an insistent banging at the door.
It was almost as if the earlier thoughts had summoned the git. Sherlock sighed and hit a button to accept the call. Just as he expected, the window opened to the beaky nose of his older brother filling the screen. As Mycroft settled back, Sherlock could see he was still wearing the black uniform of the Obsidian Order, but the background of hanging tapestries, and a nearby sofa filled with cushions marked it as his private residence. The strangest thing by far though was the expression that had wiped away Mycroft’s usual bland smugness. Worried. Tense. Sherlock’s tiredness dropped away as a shiver of cold ran down his back.
He panted, stunned, staring at the landscape of John’s perfect face when they came up for air.
“Thank you,” Lestrade said, turning his attention back to John. “And congratulations to you as well. I heard you’ve just started at St. Mungo’s. I’m so glad you decided to finish your studies.”
“Oh, I thought you two were together.” Molly frowned.
“You know what I mean.” Sherlock sighed. It was a Bajoran expression that didn’t translate well into Cardassian.
“Yeah, well . . .” John trailed off.
"I can't wait." John leaned up to press his lips to Sherlock's forehead.
“JOHN! JOHN!” Mrs. Watson moved in, dropping to her knees by the pair now still on the ground. Sherlock hurried to join her. To their immense relief, John rolled the inert form of the gardener off of him and sat up, unharmed.
“What’s so wrong with it?” Molly widened her eyes.
“Sherlock, are you rich?” John spat out.
“Shhhh.” Sherlock reached over to hook his fingers into the waistband of John's briefs. John lifted his hips a bit to let him slide them down and off.
“YES. Don't be a spoilsport. I think you’ll like this part.”
“Bullseye!” Sherlock crowed.
“Sherlock was lovely. I’m so glad I got a chance to meet him.”
“Fine, I won’t tell you.” Sherlock shrugged. “But what do you make of it. What’s the clue?”
John flicks the cord tails at Sherlock and cracks them against Sherlock's thigh. "You still aren't taking this seriously. Be creative!"
18. Caroline, No
“I’m sorry. I needed a moment. I didn’t know what to do. I had hopes, but I was afraid last night was . . .” he trailed off.
“I’m sorry, I left, but it seemed better to make myself scarce.” Sherlock kissed John’s forehead.
John leaned over and mouthed at one of his nipples, drawing it into his mouth to suck. Sherlock groaned deep in his throat at the exquisite pleasure that spiraled through his body as John pulled rhythmically at him,
Sherlock allowed himself to be pulled upright, and only grousing slightly, followed John back to the building.
“No, it’s fine. Go.” John waved him on.
Eventually Sherlock asked John again what Mycroft had said to him, and he grudgingly relayed the offer of money and a prestigious position elsewhere, if he would just agree to leave Sherlock alone.
“Well, really neither are you.” Sherlock leaned closer to look at his mostly blank page. “Here, copy that down, it’s important.” He tipped his chin toward the board. “Professor Caldwell loves his cyclic derivatives.”
“Find anything?” John joined him from his explorations.
“Come on, don’t be a wet blanket. You’ll be fine.” John tugged at his arm. “I’ve heard too much about this ‘Gretchen and the Gremlins’ band from the lads at school. I have to see them. It’s a moral imperative.”
Notes, notes, notes:
“You feel soooo good!”
“DECORATIONS? Did someone say DECORATIONS?”  John asked wiping his mouth on a napkin. “Oh, you needn't worry about that, mum!” He leapt up to dash from the dining room.
John sighed and turned to make his way up to the door. He was almost there when he looked up and spied Harry in the front window, boggling at him, her eyes as wide as saucers.
John finished his drink. “Hey, we’d better go soon, yeah? Your parents won’t be out all night.”
Later when they had come back inside, and gotten another drink, and it was Sherlock’s time to use the loo, John lingered in the corridor outside, waiting for him to return.
John looked suspiciously at his sister. “What did you have in mind?”
“What’s that thing?” Tall one asked pointing at a silver cup higher up. They all looked closer as he sniggered. “It’s got TITS on it!”
“You too, please.” John’s eyes had gone nearly black with need.
John blew out a rude noise. “Sweet talk him yourself, Irene.”
“I was only eight.” John said, crossing his arms over his chest. “It was an accident.”
“Oh, God, you’re so lovely. Can I . . .”
“Owl droppings.” Sherlock swore when he dropped a bit of bread into the pot of molten cheese, and had to go fishing for it.  John propped his chin into the heel of one hand to savor the sight of Sherlock intently poking about then triumphantly spearing his missing bread. Sherlock stretched  a long string of cheese over himself as he ferried the bite to his mouth. John smiled indulgently at him.
“And that would be?” Sherlock cocked his head to the side.
The Little Hobbit pulled up his courage by the boot straps, stood tall and read in a quavering voice “I am a very, naughty little hobbit, and I need to be spanked.”
Eventually, when most had arrived, and things had settled, Sherlock slipped John off his lead and let him follow the other dogs to the open area set aside for them. Sherlock joined the handlers where they sat relaxing, and chatting. He accepted a glass of wine, and exchanged pleasantries, before leaning back to watch the puppies as they frolicked around.  A few balls and soft toys had been left out, and they batted them about happily as they wove around each other. Their joy was positively infectious.
“Fucking hell. Mike told me you had an odd set up here. A double, John? Did you get married and not tell anyone?”
“Yeah, okay.” John struggled to keep up.
It was his friend’s turn to melt and gasp as he leaned heavily against John, tipping his head back to give John better access to his delectable throat.
“Knees apart,” Sherlock orders. "More. That's it, my Captain."
“This is NOT rubbish,” John huffed. “I’ll have you know the Great British Bake Off is a national treasure.”
“Ta. Come on eat something. Big day ahead.”
“Wussies!” Lupaza growled over the noise of the truck rattling and shaking as though it might fall apart at any moment. “This is nothing. Used to drive faster than this on dirt roads when I was only twelve.”
“Fuck, it’s going to be a bloodbath.” John dropped his head into his hands. “Fuck.”
Sherlock let out a laugh. “Yes, alright.”
“Teddy, have a heart. We’ve only just arrived. Let us unpack first.” Owen gestured to the many bags and trunks piled at their feet.
“Alright. As long as you’re there, it’ll be the best place ever.”
dancing. I’m going out with some friends. You and Sherlock must come. It’s a brilliant club with both gay and straight couples. You simply must join us.”
Sherlock slipped his hands into his pockets to extract a small bottle of paracetamol and a half a bottle of water that he passed to John. “There’s a small shop downstairs.”
“You should have put this on earlier. Honestly, I worry for the future state of physicians in this nation.”
“I want you to be careful.” Sherlock unwrapped the large plaster, and pressed it over the wound, sealing the edges.
the vibrations coursing through John.
Sherlock looked mollified as John grinned up at him, focusing on dancing closer. They stayed through another song, but when the music shifted to something with rap, John nodded toward the exit, eyebrows raised. Sherlock agreed, and they moved to collect their coats and go.
“Best not keep Mycroft away from food.” Sherlock snorted, and the two of them separated to straighten their robes, brush their hair, and return downstairs.
“Oh, hell,” Sherlock breathed as light glinted off the metal hull of a Cardassian attack craft rising over the horizon.
“Slipped on some stairs. Clumsy of me.” Sherlock shrugged, and opened the menu before him. He thought the wound had healed quite nicely. There was bit of a mark that he could get removed, but he felt it lent his face a rather rakish air. Besides, it remained a souvenir of his last night spent with John. He reached up and smoothed a finger over it without thinking.
“What?”
“You should have ribbons and awards hung from your neck.” Sherlock stretched luxuriously across the bed like a cat in a sunbeam.  “You deserve a gold medal for epic shagging.”
“I’m serious, we only have a few minutes until it all starts again.” John sighed at Sherlock’s lips ghosting along the back of his neck.
John spat his tea across the table.  His mother handed him napkins as he choked.
“Everyone belted in?” Mrs. Watson called before launching them recklessly into the morning traffic. She’d nearly collided with three other cars on the wild ride, leaving Sherlock’s knuckles white from gripping the dash by the time they pulled into the parking lot. He wished he hadn’t been given a front seat on that particular day. Even John looked a bit peaky as they made their way inside.
“Behave. It’s nearly over.” Mrs. Holmes swatted at him.
“Sherlock, do you love me?” John’s beautiful face lay open before him.
He drawled the house name as though it were a slur.
John nodded, still coughing, and Sherlock gave him a pound on the back.
“John, no . . . no.” Sherlock pulled back slightly to kiss the wet off John’s face, making a game of peppering over him with little smooches until John laughed, a half-broken sound that was better than the noises he had been making.
“Mmm, I need it,” Johnny moaned, trailing a hand down to rub a finger into his slick.
“Pardon me.” He called the small Wizard over to unlock the case for him. Sherlock picked through a number of small jeweled boxes until he found one that played “Clare de Lune” when opened.
Sherlock opens his eyes almost as wide as his mouth. "Oh, John!" he sings out in a mock-falsetto voice. "Your knot is sooo big. Will it fit?" He smirks as he points his spoon at where the cords are connected.
“Oh, Sherlock.” John groaned. “Did it never occur to you to speak to me, you mad tosser?”
“Me either.” Sherlock smiled. “It was lovely.” He reached out to find John’s hand, tangling their fingers together.
“Oh really?” Sherlock glanced his way.
They walked steadily until the other people dropped off, only the cry of the gulls over head keeping them company. John was glad he’d elected to wear trainers that morning, though Sherlock seemed to be doing well enough on the rocky shore in some poncy dress shoes. They stopped a few times to simply admire the view, John taking the opportunity to skip stones into the ocean waves.
“What?” Sherlock lifted his head, a confused wrinkle between his brows as he squinted down at John. “Don’t we go to dinner together every night?”
After finishing up in the kitchen, they moved to the games room. They had already looked through the books, so they pawed through the DVDs, and the games and the sheet music. Nothing yielding any new clues about who they really were.
“Damn.” Naavi blew out a breath, still staring after her.
“Lights out? Do you mind?”
“I’ll need you two to give a talk one night, ‘visibility and coming out.’ We can put fliers all over campus with this photo.” Irene leaned in eagerly.
“I’ll write twice a day,” John returned, braver than he felt.
“Thank you.”
John noticed a school-aged boy watching them avidly from across the aisle when he pulled away. John smiled kindly at him, and the boy blushed, burying his face in the graphic novel in his hands.
“Well, now, why don’t we leave the lovebirds a moment or two to say good-bye?” Shakaar said with a grin.  “Surely the Resistance can spare that.”
“Well, it’s the only logical solution.”
John just bit meditatively into his doza. “Nope, cause I’m big on the inside where it counts.”
“Oh, are you lost, sir?”
John felt a weight lift from his chest, he gave Sherlock’s thigh a quick squeeze, “I’m better now though, you don’t need to worry about me.”
“Oh really? For anyone who visits?” Sherlock drawled, tugging his shirt free from his trousers to begin unbuttoning it.
“Sherlock. Wake up.”
Sherlock scrambled to the living room to find his clothes, patting down the piles of fabric until he found his phone. In an instant, he had sent key texts to Angela Hastings, the police, and his brother. He sighed, at least THAT was done. Now back to the important things. Sherlock turned to find John behind him, grinning up at him with soft eyes.
“That is progress,” Mycroft said. “Congratulations to you.”
“You’re welcome, honey.” Mrs. Watson cast a fond glance over the two of them before pulling the door closed behind her.
“Yes.” Sherlock stared at John’s mouth, missing its loss already.
(See the end of the chapter for
John hauled Sherlock into his arms, wrapping him close. Sherlock let his head drop to John’s shoulder, gradually relaxing as John’s body heat warmed him.
“Do you think it’s in one of the games we haven’t played yet?” John asked.
A number of the pre-med students often met up for dinner at the dining hall nearest the science building.
“So what if it’s weird? It might be a clue of some sort. Do you mind if I continue?”
“Well, helping guests sleep better is the job of a bedwarmer,” the man said, charming dimples appearing in his cheeks as he smiled. “If you give me a chance, you might be pleased with the results, sir.” He gave Sherlock an almost saucy wink.
“What if someone sees?” John glanced quickly about the windows as they moved downward.
Even in the darkest of times, something can be found to be grateful for.
“I’m fine.”
“Mmmm, good morning.” Sherlock’s voice rumbled to life, at least an octave lower than normal.
“Well, we’ll see how interesting Sussex is when you’re treating yet another mind-numbing runny nose or case of gout.” Mycroft leaned in with a leer. “The odds are . . .”
“A pengling.”
Sherlock picked up one of the red blocks and read it aloud.
“Oh fine, stay, then.” Sherlock huffed, ill-temperedly conceding his need for Mycroft’s help.
“A book code. The first number designates the page and the second number is the specific word chosen. It’s ingenious. Unless you know the book being used, it’s almost impossible to crack.”
I know this is all the sad. I made myself sad with this, but it will get better, I promise!
Sherlock obligingly tilted his pelvis up, ignoring his sore hip as John neatly shucked his briefs down and off. John fumbled at the bedside table, and returned to mouth at his neck as slick fingers moved down past his balls, sliding into his cleft. In no time, John was pumping three of them two-knuckles deep into Sherlock’s arse.
John insisted on pouring Sherlock tea, making sure Sherlock had selected things for his plate before allowing himself to chose anything.
“Hey, Watson!” Coach Reynolds stuck his head back in the door from the hallway.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, let’s hook John up.” Mischief danced in Bill’s eyes. “We can live vicariously.”
“Sure you don’t want me to stay?”
“This place has always been a favourite of mine.” Sherlock squinted into the bright light beside him.
“I know,” Sherlock said. He gave John a
“Wow, that’s brilliant.”  John smiled, leaning in to brace his elbows over his knees. “How do you know all that?”
“You were lovely.” John’s mouth moved right against his ear, continuing a path to press kisses along his jawline. Sherlock closed his eyes, and shivered, feeling the pounding of the music, and the pressure of John’s lips on his skin washing over him. He felt much more woozy than one cider should have left him.
“I see fiiiire!” John reprised as Sherlock lowered him to the mattress.
“I’ve got an idea of a way to feel even better.” Owen waggled his eyebrows.
Sherlock came with a cry, letting John pump the last quakes of pleasure from him until he became too sensitive. When he could see straight, Sherlock pushed John's hand away from his own, still-hard erection and moved to suck the tip into his mouth. He wrapped his hand around the base he couldn’t reach, sliding it up to reach his taut lips. It was bliss to feel John fall apart because of him.
It was true. He and Sherlock rarely crossed paths during the day. John has seen him once in the afternoon stalking away from the student union with a take-away cup in his hand, all long limbs and flapping coat. In the evening, they settled for nodding in greeting when one entered the room. Aside from the odd question or two . . . “Pardon, do you have a charger cord I could borrow?”. . .  and a rather formal “Good night,” and later “Good morning,” they hardly exchanged a word. John took it as a sort of a truce, an unacknowledged cease-fire that required a mindful silence to continue.
“We’ll have a full report by tomorrow,” John said. “I can get any specific requests to you then.”
The side of Sherlock’s mouth twitched up despite himself. His John. So queen and country. Though was it right to call him his John? In all honesty, they’d only known each other a few months, and in very unnatural situations. There was no reason to believe that John’s interest in him would hold once they were immersed in the many distractions of the world at large.
John quickly flipped to the next page. “Once upon a time there lived a young prince who was known as Sir Boast A Lot. . .” John’s eyebrows traveled up somewhere near his hairline as he scanned through the text. “Your brother wrote this?”
Sherlock looks wrecked, utterly ruined, a gorgeous mess. “It was,” he smirks, cocking an eyebrow.
“God.” John scooted closer. “As much as I hated waking up here, I think it was the best thing for both of us.”
“Yeah, it was good.”
“Mother-loving Cardassians!” Lupaza hissed as John moved them through the parking lot. “Fuck them all.”
“Harry. It’s fine.” He reached out to touch her knee. “Clara seems fantastic, and you look like you’re doing fine so far.”
“Yes, and Harry texted. She’s able to come by this evening. I thought we’d get Chinese take-away from your favorite place for dinner?”
“Victor, what the hell are you doing here? I thought you were in Los Angeles,” Sherlock snapped, seeming to regain some of his equilibrium as he crossed the room to plant himself between John and their guest.
“Oh bloody hell, that’s magnificent. I’d like to see all of it in the light. It’s been so weird going through it in the dark.”
comic book came out today, and I knew you were waiting to see it.”
“Oh, this really is nice. I could get used to this.”
“No.” Sherlock worried that he was bodging this all up. “I didn’t buy you. I put the money into your account. You’re a free man now.”
John made a snuffly sort of noise against his hair, and gradually relaxed as sleep took him. Sherlock spent several more minutes basking in the feeling of John next to him before the pain meds kicked in fully and he drifted off as well.
“Edith, how are you?” John was on his knees by her side in an instant. “You fainted! Can you sit up?”
John found Sarah in the break room later.
“Yes, sir!” Farid jumped to attention, showing Sherlock and John proudly through a door behind the counter. It took them through a corridor into the manager’s flat.
“No, what?” Sherlock’s voice was a rumble against him.
Grand-mère Holmes stepped outside to catch the tail end of John’s shout, and the subsequent peals of mirth of those gathered.
“The Resistance, fuck, Sherlock, you make me forget everything.” John blew out a breath. “You need to get out of here. This place is going up at dawn.”
Owen leaned in, and they bumped noses awkwardly, clicking teeth before finally lining lips and tongues up for a snog.
John flopped face-first onto the bed, boneless now that Sherlock had sucked all of the residual adrenaline out of his system.
After breakfast, John insisted that he and Sherlock do the washing up in thanks for Victor’s hospitality.
John returned his smile. “Well, come on you lot, I wasn’t lying. If we want to pass our exams, we DO have things to get to.”
“Yeah, never better.” John wrenched open a cabinet to fling the tool inside. He slammed the door shut, leaning in to press his forehead against it.
Finally shooed on their way, he and Harry caught a cab to the tailor’s.
Plans pull tighter as Sherlock tries to navigate the forces buffeting him along.
“Well, surely there’s a decent place to get Chinese somewhere in Northampton.”
John wiped a hand over his face. This wasn’t a conversation he was looking forward to. He made his way back to the bedroom and found Sherlock sadly already dressed, tucking a fresh shirt into his pressed trousers.
“It’s always been one of my favourite spots.” Sherlock said. “I used to bring a book and a picnic and spend whole days here.”
John felt some wild impulse take over him. He sloshed what was left from his wine glass into the goblet, and raised it to his lips.
John felt a little better, the thought of someone sneaking around what he had come to think of as their home had been a bit disturbing. He leant forwards and placed his eye against the scanner while Sherlock did the same on the other side.
A twinkle formed in Sherlock’s eye as he helped the man slip off the remains of his top. Once John was stripped from the waist up, Sherlock leaned back in, bracing his arms on either side of John’s head to stare down at him, cataloging each movement of his face. John squirmed, obviously discomforted at the intense scrutiny, but Sherlock simply waited saying nothing. John started to get angry.
“It was epic.” Rory nodded. “Cavanaugh’s flat was great, and his flatmate got a discount on the beer on account of him working at the liquor store.”
They tried to simply push the rock aside with their combined strength, but the boulder had been set by magic and would not be moved by any other force. A great melancholy descended over the group at their failure. The dwarves were nearly ready to concede that their journey had been in vain when the little Hobbit felt compelled to speak.
“God, yes.” John set to a rhythm as if his life depended on it.
“Nowww,” Sherlock groaned.
“Sorry, tomorrow’s a work day. Need to get to bed on time.” John smiled.
“Naw, me either. I don’t fancy shagging you, ya big lump.”
“So, erm, they didn’t bring the other bed yet.” John rubbed the back of his neck.
John’s mum reappeared to let them know their ride was there, and it was safe to go. They piled into the small cab, all three of them cramming into the back seat. Mrs. Watson’s friend turned out to be a fat Bajoran man who looked as if he might be a jokester in happier circumstances. As it was, he wiped his damp brow with a cloth, and peered constantly out the windows, scanning all around them as he drove the dark streets.
“Want to meet for lunch after?” John paused under the stone walkway where they needed to part ways.
“Yes, yes.” Sherlock pushed into his warm, welcoming body, shivering at the enveloping heat.  It was perfect, it was . . .
“I was thinking about me and Teddy. I mean we just started going out and he’s graduating at the end of this year. I’ve got two whole years until I graduate.” Vic cleared her throat. “I just keep wondering how we’ll manage.”
(See the end of the chapter for
, we were so busy that heat.”
“I’m off for a shower. I’ve an early class,” John declared, yanking out a towel and his bath kit before stalking off to the loo.
“It’ll come out in a few washings.” John smiled. “Here, just let me . . .” He scooted up to lean off the bed and turn off the small lamp on the chest of drawers.  John moved back down to settle Sherlock against him again. “There, now you can’t see it.”
“Please do.”
“Open the mead,” John said. “I think the whiskey is bad for us.”
Sherlock had ample time over the next few days to curse himself a fool many times over. What in the world had possessed him to ask the beautiful man at the farmer’s market to his home? Sherlock was not a sociable man by any stretch of the imagination. He never had anyone over. Oh, his brother stopped in from time to time from London to check on him, but that was hardly his fault. He’d barricade the door if he could, but as co-owner of the property, Mycroft had a right to visit if he chose.  Still, Sherlock had invited the man to visit, Captain John Watson, and he spent more time than he’d like to admit tidying up the place before Tuesday afternoon arrived.
“To what do I owe this pleasure, brother dear?”
Sherlock bought two of the watered-down ales they served when a waitress passed. It wasn’t good exactly, but at least it didn’t give them a headache afterwards if they actually drank it.
“What do you think, Thai, or Chinese tonight?”
“Dear John,
John found a chair and sank into it. “Good Prophets.”
“D.I. Lestrade? There’s a Dr. Watson here that wants to talk to you.” The officer opened the door to announce him.
“Then you just started talking about how great it was to kiss Sherlock,” Tom said, “and what a lovely arse he has. Soft as butter apparently.”
“Garret Kovat,” Molly supplied with a sigh. “Well, I’ve soured a bit on him actually.”
“Alright, alright. I guess we marrieds want to see everyone happily paired up. I’ll leave you be.” Molly leaned back and reached for her wine glass though a contemplative look had settled over her face all the same.
The young Omegas ducked their heads and scurried quickly out of the room.
“BUTLER, OLIVIA”
Sherlock took John on a tour through his grandmother’s property, steering them past the vineyards to a strip of woods beyond. They entered the dark of the tree line to follow a small trail worn into the dirt. Walking easily side by side, they chatted of nothing in particular until John heard the faint tinkle of bells from somewhere up ahead.
“You will?” Sherlock raised eyebrows in mock horror as he reared back. “John Hamish Watson, when did you get so wicked?”
“Yes. And…?”
John struggles to deal with the aftermath of Sherlock's baffling behaviour.
“Oh come, you two. It’s not so bad as all that, going to dinner. There might even be treacle tart for afters if you’re lucky,” Mycroft teased.
“How do you do, sir?” John managed, completely flummoxed.  When he glanced back at Sherlock for some explanation, his boyfriend was chewing on his lower lip and staring toward the floor, avoiding John’s gaze completely.
Once it was established that John was the one being outfitted, the man bustled John into the back. “So are ye a Watson by birth, or just wearing the plaid for the wedding?”
John had carried the letter around in his pocket all day. It helped when dinner in the Great Hall featured heart-shaped biscuits and a big pink trifle for pudding.
Sherlock snorted a reply as John turned the engine on.
Sherlock fussed about, getting the tea things ready, asking John just to sit when he offered to help. He did, happy for a ring-side seat to watch Sherlock at work.
"Ah." John's eyebrows remained up.
“MERLIN, What are you doing here?” Sherlock appeared quite gobsmacked.
“Really? Oddly enough you’re just as much of an arse as you always were.”
“John.” Sherlock looked pointedly at the ear in question.
“Huh, I didn’t know they were doing farming around here,” the big man said.
“Or, we could just lie here together forever, and perhaps Victor will take pity on us and chuck food in the door occasionally.” John stretched his back, jostling a grumpy rumble out of Sherlock before settling back down. They might have drifted back to sleep if a knock hadn’t startled them.
“Ah. And where did they lead?”
“Sherlock.” She looked as if she was almost surprised to find him answering his phone.
“Yeah. God, I’m wrung out.” John passed a hand over his face.
Going against their word, their dwarves broke out into gales of laughter at the Little Hobbit who had blushed clean up to his pointed ears. Chortling and giggling, the dwarves clutched their round bellies with mirth until the grating sound of the large stone moving stopped them. When the boulder had moved back just enough to allow a very small person to slip through - Oi, do they have to keep going on about how small he is? - the dwarves patted the hobbit on the back and wished him luck on this quest to find the hidden gem.
“Okay.” John frowned.
We welcome your kind comments and kudos. 😊❤️😊
“Mate, how about you just lay off the birds, alright? I think it will be healthier for us all.”
It infused his every fibre, his every moment. Waking or sleeping; talking, laughing, or silent; from the kitchen to the game room to the mad scientist’s lab: his love for Sherlock was there.
“Thank you, Molly, I’ll think about it.”
“Poor John.” Victoire patted his knee. “Hey, I heard about your big plans for the summer though. I guess you were all keeping  it a secret? Teddy finally told me about it.”
"Hmm. I'd have to survive on love and double chocolate caramel ice cream."
“How do you?” John said finally remembering his manners. “Thank you so much, sir.”
“Why are you hunting in city limits? Don’t you know how dangerous that is?” Sherlock clenched his fists. “You could be arrested for that.”
“Ugh, I guess so.” Molly dropped her chin into her hand propped up on the table. “You can’t force someone to like you back.”
Sherlock made a good deal of noise opening the door all the way, bustling out.
John dashed his fingers through his hair, rumpling it back. Sherlock watched the movement of his hand, focusing on it.
“John, please.” Sherlock pressed his lips into a wobbly line.
“That’s it, beat his arse!”
“Is she married?” Sherlock’s brows drew together.
“Poor thing. She’s quite fit, though.” John admitted, grudgingly, licking his lip.
John felt himself getting hard in the middle of a busy street standing before a chemist shop.
“Dear John, I ache for the taste of your lips, I dream of your sweet thighs wrapped . . .”
“John.” Sherlock seemed surprised.
Sherlock raised his hand to the top button of his shirt, splaying his long fingers across his throat in a sensual caress. He deftly undid one button, then another. John’s hand unconsciously fell to his crotch.
Sherlock stopped mid-rant to blush.
“Joooohn.” Sherlock’s voice went reedy, near breathless as John stroked him, sending fire through his veins. It was exquisite, building over him in relentless pulses. He gripped at John, struggling to stay upright as John pulled steady strokes over him.
Urban dictionary tells me Sassenach is "The Gaelic term for a Saxon. Survives in modern day Ireland and Scotland as a derogatory term for an English person."  Yeah, we'll go with that.
“Are you alright?” Sherlock gripped his arm. “Did you hurt anything?”
“Unngggh.” John’s hips bucked up of their own accord, rubbing against Sherlock’s abdomen, as an answering stiffness pressed in at John’s hip.
“Well, that’s not what I’ve heard. I’ve heard you’ve seen quite a bit of John over the last few weeks.”
“What if I were?” John breathed, so close now that Sherlock could see every golden fleck and striation inside his gorgeous, deep blue eyes. They loomed over him, consuming him, swallowing up the whole world with their vastness.
“I think Old Bessie will do today. More room.” Sherlock nodded toward the white farm truck in the garage.
Thanks to all who are following this fic as a WIP, and leaving comments and kudos. I so appreciate all the support from everyone! It means so much to me. (*u*)
“Oi! That was years ago.” Victor rolled his eyes. “I needed the money right after uni.”
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes. How dare you insult your father. Sigerson Holmes was a great man. He died supporting the Wizard cause. If you want to mess about with some fairy mudblood  I can’t stop you, but I’ll be damned if you’ll  . . .”
“Come on, let me take you to Angelo’s and feed you up.”
“But you don’t want to hear about that nonsense all day, dear, do you?” Mrs. Holmes smiled kindly at John, patting his arm as she released him. “I’ll let you boys have some time together. Here, you can both get in the back.”
“When Sherlock said he had a plus one, we thought he was pulling our legs.” Evelyn giggled.
“Well, I, for one, have been enjoying our
“Match, match, match . . .” the people around them gleefully took up the chant.
Sherlock glanced about at the bland walls, and simple inset doors, and huffed a small laugh. “Yes, it does.”
“They aren’t dead,” Lupaza said, echoing his thoughts. “Just stunned. But we need to get out of here. There’ll be someone looking soon enough.”
“Good, that’s good.” Sherlock nodded.
“I’m sorry, we rang him for Victor’s address.” John looked sheepish.
They’d barely finished wiping off before Sherlock had his arms around John again, kissing him, dragging him in. They twined together instinctively, letting their kisses slow and deepen, stretching time into long, languid moments. Sherlock’s hands slipped down to grab John’s arse, kneading it almost reverently. He was gratified to feel the faintest twitch from John’s spent member, impressive even in repose.
“Sherlock . . .” John licked his lips.
“My pleasure. But don’t take too long, you two. We’ll need to be ready to go in an hour and a half.”
“Much better at having made your acquaintance, dear lady.”  The man’s eyes dropped to sweep over the length of Irene.
John twisted in the water as best he could to face his lover, leaning in to mouth at Sherlock’s lovely pale neck framed by the dark curls hanging heavy from the steam. “You’re mine! Hmmm? All mine.”
“Can you imagine if you could fight like that?” The other woman across the table cooed,
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes seemed to be taking their time getting into the car.
“Yes?” He swiveled to face her.
After they had finished eating, and Sherlock had insisted on doing the washing up, they returned to the games room. Getting comfortable on the sofa, they took turns reading the story aloud to each other.
“Not without merit though. A school destroyed sounds like worthy news to get out into the world.”
“Fascinating. In a way, this was your refuge, too.” Sherlock dropped the bottle to a side table, moving forward to fold John into his arms.
John lost no time scrambling up onto the bed to reach Oscar. The two of them fell on each other, bouncing around like the puppies they were. They sniffed and lapped at each other, shifting positions often as they wound themselves together.
“Welcome. I trust you had no difficulty getting here?”  She asked their car’s driver.
“Yeah, Gary thanks,” John called over his shoulder. “I’ll be right there.”
“You’re all over Twitter,” Bill said.
Sherlock frowned, wishing they had just a few more minutes alone.
John’s eyes softened. “Well, yes of course . . .”
Many thanks to my kind betas for their help. Fairy lights, cauldron cakes and hot tea to the-navel-treatment and otp221b to drive the dark winter away!
Harry smoothed the paper down. “Gather many friends around you. . .” she said popping the cookie bits into her mouth, “. . . in bed.” She finished with a crunch. “It’s always better if you add the ‘in bed’ part.”
22. Do It Again
“A project gone sour,” Sherlock said, “but I realize that I may have compromised your safety as well. We
“They’re all fine.” A small knot drew Mrs. Watson’s eyebrows together, but she flashed Sherlock a smile. “See, I told you things would come out alright in the end.” She reached out to pat Sherlock’s arm. “I’ve got your things in the bathroom. I’ll just go make some tea.”
Thankfully the walk back, and the chilly air of the rapidly approaching evening cooled John off. They enjoyed the rest of their ice creams as John kept his eyes firmly forward, not allowing himself to watch as Sherlock nibbled down to the end of his cone.
“Fine. We’ll sort this out later. I need to see to my bags,” the tall git sneered before whirling out the door.
“Don’t like to go on that side of town,” the man complained.
“Well, I could hardly do it alone.” Sherlock didn’t roll his eyes, but his tone of voice said that it was a near thing.
The puppy pile began to shift from something lighthearted to something slower and more electric as the pups settled down to focus more intently on each other. Conversations in the owners’ corner trailed off as the pitch of the dogs’ vocalizations deepened to low growls and moans. John seemed to have picked a large-breasted brunette to lip over as she lay sprawled out beneath him, while a ginger male Sherlock hadn’t seen before humped his leg from behind.
“You’re more than ready.” Sherlock gave John’s hand a reassuring squeeze.
“Mycroft, so glad you could join us.” Mr. Holmes patted him warmly on the shoulder.
Sherlock snorted rudely from across the room.
“Mmm, honey, yes!” John reached down to thread his fingers into those impossible curls.
“You’re ashamed of me.” To Sherlock’s horror, he felt tears prickling at the corners of his eyelids.
A smile tugged at Sherlock’s mouth as he dropped beside John. “This was  . . . nice. I haven’t been to the sea in years.”
“That works.”  Sherlock nodded.
“Prophets.” John passed a hand over his face. “Can I get some pants on first?”
“He and his family left early. I watched them apparating off the back lawn.” Sherlock nodded toward the window. “Auntie Cressida looked furious.”
John stopped in his tracks. “Oh, hello.”
“To your good health.” Sherlock smiled.
(See the end of the chapter for
John spent more time watching his long fingers deftly wielding the silverware than was strictly necessary. He felt himself growing distinctly warm as he watch Sherlock lift the food to his mouth and take a bite. God, those beautiful lips. John licked his own in unconscious memory of having them pressed against his mouth. Sherlock chewed and swallowed.
“I could ask the same of you.” Sherlock drew himself up, wrapping the sheet, if not his dignity, a bit tighter. “What are you doing working at a spa? I thought you were off on Resistance work.”
“God, I am so fucked,” John groaned.
once all was properly set. Everything in the scene shuddered and came to life. The plastic waves rippled artfully across the floor. Small fish leaped up from the water as tiny seagulls circled overhead.  The  Teddys rubbed sunscreen on each other, pulled paper-backs from their mesh bags, and settled down to read. Marvelous.
“Have a nice time in London with your boyfriend.” His seat mate finally spoke again when the train eased to a stop at Waterloo Station.
“No, you aren’t, come here.”
Later, in bed, after he’d showered, and changed into sleepwear, John listened to Sherlock finishing up in the bathroom. He marveled at the simple joy of it. Just the sound of someone else moving in the next room, knowing Sherlock was about to come back and climb into bed with him and sleep the whole night next to him . . . it was nearly overwhelming.
“You’ve been to Victor’s.”
“Right, I have to . . .” John stood stiffly. He moved to the entryway, stuffed his feet into some shoes there, and palmed the door open. “I need some air.” He disappeared into the bright midday light.
The moon shone brightly that evening as Sherlock stepped out into the yard and sighed.
“Hey guys!” John felt inexplicably nervous standing there with Sherlock at his side. They both had the dopiest grins across their faces.
Miraculously, Dukat broke into a huge grin. “I have to say, I believe I owe you a debt, soldier. If you hadn’t inspired me to come back early, I dare say I’d be another statistic on the news today.”
Medical Records.
“Imma wereslut.” John hiccupped dolefully.
“We got asked out to the Magic Mushroom,” Dom managed.
“Hey.” John came closer. He rocked up to drop a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek. “How are you?”
You truly want to know,
“Shall we push another table together?” she asked brightly.
The bottom of Sherlock’s stomach dropped away as the guest turned to greet him. Mycroft.
“No, I’m not. Never, John.” Sherlock turned pained eyes his way. If John ever thought that . . .
They talked of idle chitchat. Molly’s younger brother had recently graduated from the military academy Sherlock had attended, and started service. Molly was worried about him. She bit her lip as she glanced out the window. “Just once it might be nice if someone I loved became an architect or a painter, you know? Why does everyone have to be in the army?” She flashed Sherlock a lopsided smile.
room.
“Yeah, Happy Christmas,” John repeated, feeling slightly off as he watched Sherlock’s odd, older brother disappearing down the hallway in his usual dramatic swirl of dark fabric.
Sherlock huffed a laugh, and took the pastry John held out. It was dry, days past its expiry date, but Sherlock dutifully bit into it, washing it down with the over-boiled tea.
John’s cock strained against his stomach, hard and flushed. It looked as if it were fairly crying out for a touch. Sherlock ignored it as much as he ignored the throb in his own pants. John looked as though he were in pain though, writhing over the bed.
“You want me to come back at a certain time, mate?”
The space was empty. With great effort, John rolled onto his side ignoring the swoop of nausea that came with it, and opened his eyes to scan the rest of the bed. Empty. Squinting into the unforgiving daylight flooding the room, he found the rest of the room to be sadly Sherlock-free as well.
“What on a date?” Sherlock wrinkled his nose further.
“I can’t be
“Oh go on, you sod.” The side of Harry’s mouth tugged up. “I’m happy for you, Johnny. I really am.”
“Good night, John.” Sherlock’s voice came muffled from under the covers.
“Don’t want to be a soldier.” Sherlock felt himself regressing, sticking out his lower lip as if he were the baby Mycroft accused him of being.
“Look, I don’t want to talk about it right now, okay?”
Salud to you, dear readers, and I hope you've enjoyed reading this story as much as I have bringing it into the world!
"Tell me. Tell me everything that's happened to you since I last saw you." Molly leaned in.
“Shirts, trousers . . . clothes.” Sherlock flapped a hand.
Schroedinger’s relationship
“It’s fine, John. It’s the same person. This is just a swan song. She knows she’s going down.”
“God, how did your bond-mate take that, or weren’t you together then?” John leaned in, elbow to his knee, almost on the edge of his seat.
“Here, now.  Pass the kippers,” Dom said nudging John’s side. “That’s brain food.”
“Sherlock! How are you?” Glinn Vorlem’s teeth flashed white over his tanned face as took Sherlock’s hand. “I have this one to thank for meeting my wife!” He crowed to those gathered nearby.
“Of course, my little Prawn Roll,” he said smoothly, bending to climb inside.
“John, so glad you could make it.”
Rekja was a popular spice that sold well. Synth versions just didn’t do it justice, and Sherlock was certain he could find an offworld buyer who would pay a pretty price for a fresh source. After a bit of debate they thankfully managed to reach a consensus on the compromise.
John clambered awkwardly to his feet. He suddenly didn’t know what to do with his hands.
The guard nearest raised a hand to backhand him on reflex.
At least he was there the next morning when John rolled over to silence the new alarm clock bleeping by his head. The mop of dark curls peeking out from the duvet beside him roused slightly, but John kissed the man’s forehead and told him to go back to sleep. John smiled as Sherlock murmured something drowsily and burrowed deeper under the covers. Quietly, John dressed himself in a new outfit, and made his way down to the kitchen for a quick breakfast. He ate a bowl of cereal, and checked to be sure he had everything before heading out. It felt like the first day of school, and John tamped down the butterflies in his stomach as he started the Vauxhall, moving into the modest flow of traffic that thickened as he reached Eastbourne.
, John murmured politely. He winked as he took Sherlock’s arm, and the two of them moved down the street as quickly as Sherlock’s shuffling gait would allow.
“It was . . . good.”
After finishing up in the kitchen, they moved to the games room. They had already looked through the books, so they pawed through the DVDs, and the games and the sheet music. Nothing yielding any new clues about who they really were.
“Bring your dishy roommate too.”
“Dr. Callum can take a long walk off a short pier if he has a problem with it, with us. Honestly, sweetheart, I’m done with hiding myself.” John leaned in to drop a kiss to Sherlock’s lips.
It was good that more competent people had joined the camp to flesh out their Council of Elders, but it was getting harder to find any cheerful news for their weekly meetings.
“No, by all means, go ahead.” Sherlock followed along behind him, holding the computer up to light the way, and allowing John to periodically manhandle him onto the scanners.
Sherlock???
Many of the boxes heaped about the hall yielded practical things like plates and cups (though plated with gold,) and enough clothes that the Little Hobbit was never cold. The hobbit found that the dragon liked to have the scales scratched under his chin and along his back, and he would climb over him to perform this service for him, getting to places the dragon couldn’t easily reach himself.
Dinner turned out to be a rousing, complicated affair as Mr. Potter and his wife took Teddy and all his friends and their families out to celebrate.  John found himself back at the Golden Goose restaurant, but this time sequestered away in a private room tucked to the side. Mrs. Watson made instant friends with Owen’s parents, the only other Muggle family at the event, and seemed intent on acting as some sort of interpreter for them.  Owen’s two sisters simply ogled everything with eyes so wide it looked as if they might pop out of their heads and roll around the floor. Harry Watson, practical as always, ignored the floating dishes and cups zooming around their heads to concentrate on putting away the wine at a steady pace.
I could not find an extremely posh French restaurant in the Brighton area of the caliber listed here, but who knows, surely there’s something that’s expensive and pretentious somewhere around Sussex. (God, I lost myself a bit clicking through menus.
“Hi, John!” Olivia gave a bit of a wave.
Sherlock looked embarrassed at his mother’s fussing, but John just smiled, and reached to take his hand as they moved toward the restaurant where Mr. Holmes was indeed waiting.
“No?”
. “How would I know? I haven’t seen the man in years.”
“What?” John raised his brows. “How can you tell?”
“Good. It looks like Sherlock’s gotten a better flat. I told him he should though he didn’t think it was worth the bother. I wonder if his brother . . .” John frowned. “Ah yes, the
“I’ve been hearing things about you, Holmes.”  The man leaned in, frowning slightly.
It's a dangerous trail, a difficult quest,
“Most likely not.” Sherlock retrieved the bottle to inspect it. “No, it’s got its own device.”
“It’s good news we have our unbeatable beaters still together!” Victoire moved to sling an arm around John’s neck, nearly upsetting his drink in the process.
We welcome your kind comments and kudos. 😊❤️😊
“Just leave the cart by the fence when you’re done. You have a good evening, now.”
“Yeah, I understand.”  Rhys nodded.
“That’s impressive,” John said, mulling the information over.
“Fine, do I get to feed you too?”
“John . . .”
Sherlock pulled the cylinder open, and found a curled piece of paper inside. He coaxed it out with his fingers, and spread it flat to read  . . .
Sherlock couldn’t help feeling disappointed as John stepped away.
“You also look beautiful.” John dropped one knee to the mattress, leaning in to drop a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead.
Sherlock’s eyes darkened as the side of his cupid’s bow mouth tipped up. “Why Mr. Watson, I don’t mind at all.”
“Don’t I know it!” John sighed.  “Where are you running off to?”
“Oh, there you are. Where the hell where you last night? You missed all the fun! The police showed up to arrest one of Clara’s uni friends. Total cock-up.” Harry pushed her way past John into the room.
John looked more closely at him, eyes flicking over his uniform markings. “But I thought you were meant to be an officer, not a soldier on the ground! Why . . .”
“Hmm?” John glanced at Sherlock curled next to him on the sofa.
“My feet hurt, Mama, I can’t go any further,” the little boy whined in Bajoran, plopping down onto the pavement.
“John, why don’t you stay for the meeting, dear? We need someone to flip the charts.”
“Anderson.” Sherlock grimaced, flinching a bit at the contact. “Can’t complain, and you?”
“Idiots,” John growled.
“Wow — this is quite a collection. Your brother has eclectic taste.”
“Here, have you ever tasted raw honeycomb?”
“Wait what?  What’s wrong?” Sherlock struggled up onto one elbow, clearly working through a fog to think.
“Wait, what  . . .  your date? That woman in the massage room . . .”
“Prophets.” Mrs. Watson shuddered beside them. “Prophets bless.”
‘So, how did you get in my lair, little thief? I had spells on the door.’
“John?”
“Ah, well then, if you insist.” The man palmed the money quickly, transferring it to somewhere out of sight. “Just follow to the back, and knock twice.” He jerked his chin down an aisle.
“I don’t know about
“4800 minus 12 is 4,788.”
I don’t give about classical music.”
“Mmmm, John, dinner?”  Sherlock’s voice came out even deeper than normal, gravel and smoke.
“What is the meaning of this?” Sherlock bore down on them.
“Yes, thank you, sir.” Sherlock kept his tone light, even managing a faint smile. When the call ended, he dropped his forehead into his palm with a groan.
“Yeah, sorry I got hungry on the way home.” John wasn’t sure if it was possible for his face to grow any hotter.
Mycroft didn’t appear until the next afternoon, arriving as Sherlock was in the midst of instructing John on how to apparate in a small field near the house.
“He’s fine,” Sherlock ground out.
“Oh, yeah?”
“Hey, it’s John. Listen, I didn’t want to bother you, but you said to contact you if anything strange happened. I found another threatening note, only this time it wasn’t email, someone shoved it into my rucksack.”
John felt a bit as if he were swimming to pass through the lobby into the lift.  They tried to move quietly, smothering giggles until the door shut. They leaned against the back wall letting laughter ripple over them, finding everything and nothing hilariously funny. John could see them reflected together in the mirrored wall of the lift, smears of black and white, tall and short.
“Hey, hey, we might be able to get this working up at the house!” John bent to retrieve it from the muck, wiping it clean on the hem of his jumper.
John didn’t need to be asked twice. He stood to follow Sherlock away.
“Yeh, I get it,” John said, scooping up the few things he’d unpacked back into his rucksack.  After a second, he added Fang in too.
“Bed,” Sherlock said simply before stepped away to drag the covers down, pulling John with him onto the mattress.
"Bloody hell," groans John as Sherlock buries himself deep inside and comes.
“Well, oddly enough the idea of going to hang out at the space port alone just didn’t appeal.” John chuckled. “ I did go visit Harry one day, but otherwise, I’ve been to the library and the shops a bit, but what about you? Mum said they had you locked in your room.”
Damaged
“Come on, you two.” Mrs. Holmes reappeared, looking a bit exasperated. “It’s assigned seating, and they won’t start serving until everyone is there."
“You didn’t have to.”
The next morning, the Little Hobbit stretched and rolled awake to find an entire cart of produce and a freshly-roasted lamb awaiting his pleasure for breakfast.
“What do you suggest?"
“Who’s for another shot of Urgot?” Shakaar beamed. “Please, I insist. Shame to waste it.”
“I couldn’t think of another place to take them.” Sherlock shrugged. “Hotels are too well watched, and most of the Bajoran safe houses in the city have been raided. We’ll find somewhere more permanent to go once I can see to their injuries.”
“Sherlock,” he snapped out. “My name is Sherlock, not sir. Please use it.”
When they finally broke off, they stayed close, breathing each other’s air.  John’s face was a mystery in the dark, his eyes unseen pools.  He reached up, laying a palm on Sherlock’s cheek that felt hot enough to brand him.
Sherlock let out a sigh of air, and John smiled. He continued stroking along neck and shoulder, upper arm, smoothing his hands over each muscle group, reacquainting himself with how they all fit together.  Sherlock gave out a series of moans as John found knots of tension around the tall man’s shoulder blades, and pressed in with his thumbs to smooth them away.
“I understand, sir. I’ll get back to you as soon as I know something.”
“We’re really going to miss you next year. How are things going, dear? Everything running ship shape?”
“Oh, God, yes.” John breathed.
“Well, at least Mycroft came.”
“OH MY GOD,” John groaned into the duvet. “That dinner took foreeeveeer.”
“Come on, there’s a good used bookshop right around the corner.”
“It smells wonderful,” John said inhaling deeply.
I found another short languishing on my hard drive and decided this collection was the perfect place to shelve it. It's a sad story, but as we know, things get better for Sherlock later. ;)
“I think we were both clouded by preconceived notions.”
John’s eyes went to the clock on the wall behind Sherlock, and he straightened up. “Oh, is that the time? I’ve got to run. I’m filling in for Doctor Callum today,” he explained to Mrs. Hudson.
“Shh, I’m right back.” The comforting hand returned to his cock, now wet, better sliding along his length.
“We’re fine,”  Sherlock said. Once he was uncovered, he moved to stand before a wall striped with an alternating a blue and green pattern.
“Okay.” Sherlock hurried to the loo as he heard John helping Mrs. Kent back to her office. He was relieved to find the men’s toilet quite empty, and wasted no time in apparating back to the Watsons’. Sadly, Sherlock had hours yet to fret at John’s house before he and his mother finally arrived home by the car.
John took a deep breath. With one hand laid on his thigh to settle them both, he slid fingers down, down, carefully parting his glutes to find the tight pucker of his entrance within. Ever so gently, he worked a fingertip inside. He was rewarded with a low groan. Emboldened John pushed in farther, watching, fascinated, as it slid slowly back and in. When his friend had relaxed, melting into the bedcovers, John reached over to take hold of his cock.  It was long and elegant just like the rest of him, and John’s heart swelled to see how vulnerable he looked, sprawled out under his hands like this.
“Oh, excellent.” John rose to hug Sarah. “I’ll see you Monday, then.”
They hardly spoke as they broke camp. It took only a few minutes to load their things onto the truck, though the time seemed to stretch out like thick syrup. The boys’ worried faces echoed the fear threatening to swallow Sherlock, but he forced it back, concentrating on each task to be done as his mind whirled over the possibilities. When the last of their gear had been loaded, Sherlock turned to the teens.
The woman who’d been touching Sherlock’s arm gratifyingly moved away.
“Lucky!” Harry swiped the card to look at the T-Rex wearing a party hat on the front. “I only got a pound in my card this year.”
“Ah well, shall we faff off, then?” Irene glanced around the room at the sea of glittering frocks and dress uniforms. “I think we’ve been here long enough to make a decent showing.”
“I don’t know what to do about the boy.”
“I know you wouldn’t strike me on purpose, John,” Sherlock said softly, rubbing a comforting hand down his back. “I’ve been reading about night terrors. Perhaps if I wake you with sound instead of touch, calling you from across the room, things will go better.”
“Farid,” Sherlock said, dropping his camera bag on the desk, and leaning back on it to better regard the boy. “I wonder, you seem like a well-connected business man. I’m certain you must hear about everything that goes on around here.”
“Oi, fuck you, you poncy git. I’m not that short. Just because I don’t have legs that go on for days  . . .”
“Look, fine. If you don’t want to go, just say so.”  John worked his way out from under Sherlock and rolled away onto his side. Everything felt suddenly cold and awful.
“Amgen dropped the research, but let a subsidiary take it up.”
“You don’t belong here.” Sherlock picked up a toast half. “You’ll be free to practice medicine again if you wish as well.”
Sherlock came.
“A teddy?” John asked pulling the battered creature from the bookcase he’d been set on.
“Oh, God, baby, thank you. Thank you, so much.” The Omega kept his eyes closed as he reached down to scoop up some of his fluids, licking it off his fingers. “Mmmm, sweetheart, it tastes so good, tastes like us.”
“Mmm, love you.” Mycroft allowed himself to enjoy this last moment in Gregory’s arms.
Sherlock left his hotel dressed casually, a loose shirt and khakis, scuffed trainers, and a ball cap pulled low over dark sunglasses as his simple disguise. Despite his teasing with John, he’d left the scruff on his jaw to better tamp down the paleness of his face. He’d only gone a few blocks though before a car with tinted windows slid to the kerb beside him.
“I know snowballs are your favorites. Don’t worry, we’ll have those too.” She winked as she turned back to the work top with Marie.
“Truck arrived.” Sherlock shrugged. “Just got some newbies in.”
“Okay, good.” John settled back down beside him, drawing Sherlock gently against him. “I’ll miss you though.”
Sherlock. Sherlock liked the sound of that. He definitely didn’t want to belong to anyone but John. “Kiss me again,” Sherlock commanded, raising his face. John swore under his breath and abandoned all restraint to do just that.
“I’m familiar with Jenga, but how does Truth or Dare come into it?”
“I’m getting better.” John helped him to his feet. It was a good deal more elegant than the first time he’d tried the move, and they’d both overbalanced and ended up on the floor.
The prince felt a horrible writhing begin over his entire body. He ran as fast as he could from the dining hall into the night trying to escape the spell, but the magic had wrapped its tendrils around him. As he ran, he felt himself twisting and growing until he had turned into an enormous dragon. There was no way he could return to the castle having grown to almost half the size of it. Reluctantly, Sir Boast A Lot left his home, raising his wings to the breeze to find somewhere more dragony to roost.
, he was finally going to see John. Sherlock hoped he’d be home, but he was prepared to sit on their step to wait the whole day if need be. Of course Mrs. Watson would need to find new work, losing her job at the manor, and Sherlock wasn’t sure if John’s school was back in session or not.
buoyed on tumblers of good scotch, and thoughts
“Well, I dunno, where you grew up, where you went to school, any siblings, favorite telly show . . . that sort of thing.”
“What did you tell him?”
In an instant, John was scrabbling up clothes from wherever he could find them, pulling things on, hopping into his shoes without socks. He tore out of the room, pounding down the stairs at the end of the corridor, unwilling to spend even an extra second waiting for the lift. Every moment that passed seemed significant, as if he were letting Sherlock drift farther and farther away. John hurried past the few people in the lobby hurtling toward the back. He pushed the door open already running, falling easily into a rhythm as his feet hit the ground.
“Edith, please, dear.”
“You liked it.” Sherlock dropped his voice even lower. John felt his cock give a hopeful twitch. It was almost a Pavlovian response at this point.
“I’ve not been here before, it’s quite posh, isn’t it?” John waved an arm at the large ballroom, positively dripping with architectural frippery in every corner.
“What?” Sherlock had gone stock still.
John was watching him from an impossibly close vantage point, collapsed over his chest, eyes gone meltingly soft. “Well, I’d say that definitely earns you breakfast, my bonny man. Come on let’s get washed and I’ll pay you back for shagging my brains out.”
” Irene leaned in a bit closer, letting her gaze slide over the girl’s features.  “I run a place not completely unlike this, but then again, worlds better.”
“Naw, it’ll be fine.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You need to get out of here. They’ll be looking for Cardassians, not Bajorans!” John’s voice was frantic.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It can be hard to come out at work,” Clara said sympathetically.
“If this is true, why am I restrained?” Mycroft’s voice rasped to life in his dry throat. He winced at the sound of it.
“Oh, God.” John groaned, rolling off of him. “I forgot. Birthday breakfast in bed.”
“You left your cane in my workroom. You didn’t even notice.”
The small lizard whipped its tail about, flashing iridescent patterns in the bright afternoon sun. In the shadows of the bushes, two boys, belly down in the dirt, watched barely breathing lest they frighten it off. Two sets of eyes, one pair dark as rain, and the other pale as winter ice tracked its long tongue flicking out to snag a winged thing out of the air. A small thrill ran down each spine as they watched the insect struggling to escape before the reptile neatly snapped it down. They might have stayed that way all day, still as stones, witnessing the minuscule plays of life and death unspooling in the herb garden had a large boot not crashed down scaring the small creature away. Another boot, and the body attached to the footwear moved in blocking the view as the gardener hunkered down with a pair of clippers in hand.
“This is your room?” John glanced about at the framed prints, a tall armoire and the massive four poster bed and had to laugh. “It looks like something out of a museum.”
“Oh, I’m sure I’ll find something athletic to do at some point.” John kept his face completely bland.
“Something hard, with your name on it.”
“Hey, stop right there.”  John held up a palm. “I’m not a baby, Sherlock. I am a prefect going into my seventh year for Godsake. I did something stupid all on my own. It’s not your fault.”
“We just got here,” Sarah said breathlessly. By the look she threw Victor, though, she was not at all displeased with her escort.
“Hmm, you might be right.” Sherlock nodded.
“Though I’m certain you can make your absence up to her over the weekend.”  He winked at Sherlock as he kept Irene’s hand clasped in his own.   “This is an excellent place to kick back . . . unwind together.”
“No, it’s fine. I need to go to the shops anyway.”
“I don’t think this is a good idea.”
“Oh, fuck!” John wails.
“At least the little one is malleable.” Harry took a swig from her own bottle of beer.  “I’ve got Gwen believing the monster under her bed will come take her away if she’s rude to Mum.”
Sherlock gets bolder, insisting John accompany him to the Space Port one night when his parents are out. Understandably, John thinks this is a very bad idea.
“That was PRIVATE.” John glared at him.
‘Do you want some?’ he asked the dragon politely before he tore into the feast before him.
“I was a city boy, myself,” Sherlock offered. “Grew up in Dahkur City in fact.”
“Good idea,” John said, joining him on the bed. He manoeuvred himself into position, being careful not to knee Sherlock in the head. “Okay — you said I could go first — are you ready?”
Victor dug into a pocket, pulling out the small bag filled with white powder that he dangled between them. “Go on, Christian’s gagging for it.” He titled his head to the boy beside them.
“Oh God,” John groaned.
“No, no it’s fine. Let’s go.” John smiled, and turned the wheel, letting Sherlock direct him until the long dark line of ocean moved into view. They pulled into a lot to park.
“Oh, I can see you now,” John cooed. He dropped the book atop the open box to advance toward Sherlock. “I bet you were fierce.”
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand, and received an answering pressure. They stood together, marvelling at the spectacle, until the Aurora Borealis had played itself out.
He squinted at it. “What’re you meant to do exactly?”
“I know. I thought I could handle it. It was a bad trade-off though, focus and more energy, for an increasing dependency.  I started needing more and more of the stuff just to keep going.”
Victor swirled it around in his glass, letting it breathe before taking a sip. “
Sherlock’s eyes sparkled in triumph, but he managed to stop himself from gloating as he packed everything away into the box. His mind turned back to the mystery of the 'Advance to Go' card as he did so, and suddenly something clicked and he realised the solution.
“Look what you did!”
“No, don’t get frustrated. It’s a puzzle that can be solved like any other.” Sherlock raised an eloquent eyebrow. “You just need to take logical steps to get there.”
“What’s so funny?”
“Since you’re so close to Sherlock, I wonder if you might consider giving me information about him, regular reports. Nothing untoward of course, just how he’s doing at university.” The man leaned a bit closer, steepling his fingers together over the tabletop. “I could pay you a meaningful sum of money for your trouble.”
The alarm raised in volume as it wasn’t responded to, and Sherlock’s head jolted upright with a gasp.
“Anything. I’ll do whatever I can.” Sherlock swallowed. “John . . .”
John was reminded painfully of similar precautions taken the year before with Sherlock, and had to stop for a moment to catch his breath. The memories still packed a punch.  Despite his better judgment that this was just a rebound thing, John had slid into a relationship of sorts with Rhys. Some of the other Gryffindors were a bit shirty about it, his going out with a SLYTHERIN, but his close friends just shrugged. They remembered how he’d been the first few weeks after the break-up. John made his way to Professor Lestrade’s office and knocked on the door.
“I can go,” Sherlock offered, but Donna and John were already moving.
“John. Hello.”
When it became apparent that nothing else of interest was to be found on either level of the labyrinth, and John seemed to have exhausted the snacks supply, they moved to the retinal scanners to open the hallway to the cells.
“Sure, I’d like that.” John’s eyes shone warmly.
“I’m so sorry for you.” She reached out to pat his leg.
“Get in, Sherlock. You wouldn’t make it ten meters before someone brought you down.” Mycroft wasn’t even looking at him.
“I’m not fit for polite company,” Sherlock muttered.
When Sherlock finished, looking rather smug as the hand-cuffed men were dragged away, John couldn’t help it, he dropped to his knee right there in the grimy parking lot.
“Dinner?” Sherlock lifted an eyebrow.
I found a really lovely historic hotel converted from an old country manor near Northampton to serve as a model for this wedding location. Called Highgate house, it looked simply perfect. You are welcome to drool over some of the great pics you can view of the site . . . https://www.hitched.co.uk/wedding-venues/highgate-house_2931.htm
“Let’s take a break,” John said eventually. “How about a Jenga rematch?”
“John. Your stomach’s been growling for over an hour, and I don’t have any food in the flat. Let me take you out, please. I want to.”
) 0 (
“You say he? Did the writer give you any indication that they were male?”
“Not this time.”
“Oh, the time.” Sherlock seemed to startle as he sought out the clock at the corner of his screen.
“Oh no, I’m in no hurry. So do you have your own car, or should I call you a cab? No sense in hanging about with himself gone. Who knows when he’ll be back. You might as well head home." The woman had pulled a mobile out of her pocket to look expectantly at John. “It’s alright, luv. So many of Sherlock’s friends don’t come with cars.”
Sherlock might have sat there forever, straining over the kitchen table to kiss this glorious man if the angle hadn’t been awkward, pulling. John broke off, panting, breathless. Sherlock stared at him, John's pupils blown wide, his hair beautifully mussed.
“Are you trying to get rid of me?” John had the strangest look on his face.
“Aren’t you going to eat your pie?” John asked. “It looks good.”
“Why do you keep such things, Tessa, really . . .” Philippe complained, rounding on Mrs. Holmes.
“It’s good for a rosé, but I developed quite a taste for California wines while I was there,” Victor mused, swirling his glass again.
John swung his eyes back across the room. Sherlock’s robe was the deepest black, and it made his natural paleness look almost ethereal in the indoor lighting. His penetrating gaze bore into John, no doubt cataloguing everything about him.  Nothing for it, John dredged up some of the old Watson courage. He stepped forward, pasting a friendly smile over his stiff lips.  “Well, fancy meeting you here. I guess I shouldn’t be too surprised. As Mike said, it’s a small world. Look, you needn’t worry, I’ll stay out of your way  . . .”
Sherlock spared a quick glance around, but found he was quite alone in the alley. He drew his wand, and tapped it smartly against the wood three times as instructed.  The door unsealed  itself with a snick as “Welcome friend!” appeared in a charming curliecued font. The words dissolved in a puff of smoke as Sherlock reached for the doorknob. Though it turned easily enough, the door stuck as he pushed, and he found himself leaning in with his shoulder to get through.
“One moment.” The man said in English, and disappeared into the back.  He returned a few minutes later shaking his head. “I’m sorry. Sherlock sent a note that he is sick today. Maybe check back Monday? We are closed tomorrow.”
She had been a good friend, indeed.  He’d cried on her shoulder a number of times when his latest love affair had fallen apart. She'd told him his heart was too soft to be such a rake.
“Sorry, Mum.”
Sherlock took a sip. “Hmm, not half bad, really.”
“Huh, it’s a party.” John worked a card from the envelope that an owl had dropped on their breakfast table not a few minutes before.
“Oh, Sherlock, look at you. Are there skin potions in the house or do I need to go buy something?”
Many thanks to deebzy for their fabulous
Suddenly Sherlock couldn’t stand being so far away from John. He scooted down the bed to gather him close.
The idea of Sherlock dancing was mesmerizing. John could just imagine how he might flow across a dance floor, all lithe limbs, and elegant grace. John licked his lower lip.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtpWWsxQfFI
“Thank you for working on this, Mr. Holmes.” John turned, holding out his hand to shake farewell. “I do appreciate it.”
In haughty garb
John laughed. “I’d hardly call myself a celebrity, but no, I’ve never gotten emails like this before.”
“Even the Ministry of Magic takes time off in August,” Mycroft said evenly. “I had a few free days and thought I’d spend them at the villa. Lovely time of year for a visit, isn’t it?” A not-very-natural-looking smile unspooled itself across his face.
“What? What is it?” Sherlock swiveled to find what John was reacting to, and saw it then. Someone, or a number of someones with small electric torches were stomping through the garden, heading straight for the house.
“Oh don’t look at me like that. Mycroft threatened to expose my relationship with Kate, and Dukat just gave me money.”  Irene pulled her jacket more firmly around her. “I don’t tell them anything important, but this . . .” She waved a hand toward the car. “Well, I can’t just hide three injured members of the Bajoran Resistance in the airing cupboard, can I? I’m sorry, lovey. If it’s any consolation, I really
John yawned and leaned against Sherlock, enjoying the warmth of him along his side. The next thing he knew, he was rising back to consciousness, eyes gritty and mouth dry.
John must have fallen asleep again, as it was fully afternoon, bright light streaming in the window when he opened his eyes next. At first he looked around, wondering where Sherlock was, when the memory of the last day rolled over him. With a groan, John made himself get up and take a shower.
“Nothing, Bibi,”
Sherlock focused on finishing his food after John had left, purposely not glancing around at the other Bajorans in the room. They all tolerated his presence in the camp, John saw to that, but it didn’t stop the disapproving looks shot their way if they shared affection in public. When he’d finished his tea and porridge, he stacked his dishes in the dirties bin, and made his way upstairs to the learning center.
“Ugh, I am so screwed.” John raised sad eyes Molly’s way. “I really like Sherlock . . .  but he just doesn’t
“No. Just an observation. Although, if you stick this guy on the electric fence in an attempt to bring him back to life, don’t expect me to save you when he goes on a rampage. I’ll be locked in here where it’s safe, eating ice cream.”
“Alright?” John smiled.
“You know, nobody blames you about the lake thing.” John smiled at her kindly.
“I guess some men find purple sexy. I know there’s one purple shirt of yours that I’m always tempted to rip right off of you.”
“John, hello!” She chirped brightly.
They stood that way for a few moments or perhaps for an eternity, silently breathing each other’s air before a noise at the door jolted them back to the present. John suddenly remembered they were clinging to each other in a conference room in New Scotland Yard in front of a glass door and window. Sherlock leapt away as Greg Lestrade bustled into the room carrying a tray with take away cups and a paper bag.
Afterwards, Sherlock played John a full concert on his violin, and seemed back to his usual self by the time dinner rolled around. John unearthed a package of éclairs from the freezer that they split with tea instead of having anything sensible. When Sherlock commented on John’s right to his medical license slipping, he just unearthed a blob of cream from his pastry and held it out for Sherlock to lick off his finger.
“ . . . to a vid show, and it ran really late,” John added quickly. “We just crashed here rather than trying to get Sherlock home. You were already asleep when we got in, and we didn’t want to wake you.” John looked absolutely guileless as he beamed up at his mother. Sherlock could have kissed him.
“You don’t get something for nothing in this world,” Lupaza said wryly. Sherlock had almost forgotten she was there.
“ . . . Maiden Castle, an Iron Age hillfort in Dorset. The name might be a modern one, meaning the fort looks impregnable, or it could derive from the British Celtic
“Come, let’s step outside.” Mycroft motioned toward some tall glass doors that opened to a terrace. A number of guests had drifted outside to enjoy the mild weather of the evening, and they moved past them to walk deeper into the large sculpted garden behind the residence.
“No, please . . .”
“Oh m’gawd,” John slurred when it was finally over, sounding drugged. “That was . . . oooh.” John sighed obviously giving up on putting words to whatever magic they were sharing between them.  It was quite some time of floating together in bliss before Sherlock’s knot finally shrank down enough for them to roll apart.
Sherlock frowned, looking up from the broom he pushed across the floor.
They’d stopped beside a nice but older silver BMW. Mr. Holmes clicked the device on his key chain and it beeped in a friendly way as the doors unlocked.
Sherlock made a non-committal humphing noise as John continued rubbing his back to his satisfaction.
“Jesus,” John said, rubbing at his forehead.
“Trousers off,” John commanded.
“Peace, peace!” Victor backed down instantly. The cigarette passed between them again. “You didn’t use to be so touchy.”
Sherlock misread the headshake as an assessment of their ability to complete the puzzle. “I know exactly how tall the tree was, even if it only exists in memory. Mummy stormed outside, furious with me for climbing all the way to the very top— right at the roofline of our house— where the branches I stood upon were thin and brittle. I calculated it later, to see just how high up I actually had been. But I have no idea how long a shadow it would cast without the actual tree nearby, or one of a similar height. And there are none in this climate zone, save the scattered, smaller ones which have been recently planted. Determining the angles or light and shadow exceeds my capabilities.”
Sherlock stumbled forward as if in a daze. John reached up to the buttons at his creamy white throat, sliding the disks free from their places, one after the other. Sherlock closed his eyes, reaching out to place a hand on John’s bare hip, steadying himself.
“It does the place good to have such handsome men in the window,” he winked.
No, not pain exactly, more like discomfort. He tested the bonds holding his hands behind the chair he was lashed to, and took stock of the situation. He’d been drugged. The molasses nature of his thoughts coupled with the dry, fuzziness coating his mouth confirmed it.
Sherlock seemed a little preoccupied as he flitted about the room, divesting himself of his coat, piling some books left on the floor onto his desk, and then nearly knocking them over again as he moved something else. Pop music was coming faintly from one of their neighbors, and a stomping could be heard down the corridor, but it sounded loud in the room when Sherlock cleared his throat.
“You’re an idiot.” John snorted. At Sherlock’s noise of protest, John reached over to pat his leg. “But you’re my idiot.”
They stumbled upright, searching for clothes on the floor. Sherlock had his trousers half on when he looked over at John in his pants, sleep rumpled trying to figure out the holes on his shirt.
A quick scrabble onto the narrow cot, some undignified wriggling to free themselves of unnecessary clothing, and a grateful sigh of relief when Sherlock produced a small bottle of lube that he had stashed in his trouser pocket after the unfortunate lack of lubrication on their recent al fresco adventure.
Sherlock jumped up to answer a knock at the door. He found not only a tray of food, but also his freshly laundered clothing delivered by staff of the hotel, a thin, golden ring around each of their necks. It wasn’t something he’d ever paid much attention to unless a crime had been committed nearby.
Sherlock made his way outside, too restless to go home himself. He ended up walking around the city, stopping to buy some fish and chips and eating them on a bench overlooking the river. He was surprised when his phone burst out a Paul Weller riff in his pocket.
“Alright, thanks.”
“No, no.” Sherlock shook his head. “Just come and see.”
When John pulled away enough to take a step back, Sherlock nearly whimpered at the loss.
Alastaire watched the whole exchange avidly from across the room. He gave John a dark look as the professor moved on, stirring his own potion more forcefully. John sighed. Alastaire seemed to have come back from holidays with a renewed resolve to best John in Potions class.
“Good.  Those two are good for each other.” Grand-mère Holmes turned to look out into the night for a moment. They sat quietly as the insects continued their chorus, a living, pulsing hum around them. John tipped his head back and found the stars so bright here, a spill of diamonds over the velvet of the night sky.
“Bye, John.” Victoire waved as she hurried off.
“Ah, no worries. He’ll probably be back a bit later,” John said more optimistically than he felt. John unpacked the groceries into the kitchen, and went back to wait in Sherlock’s room poking through his things. He found the cup with the fish over it from their beach trip filled with old quills. John ran his fingers over it, watching as the fish moved aside in their wake. He discovered the sentient luggage in the back of the cupboard, and debated sending it after Sherlock like some kind of bloodhound, but it seemed to be sleeping. There was no reason for it to obey his commands after all, he wasn’t its owner. John buried his face in some of Sherlock’s clothes breathing them in, but he felt ridiculous and dropped them back in their drawers.
“Now, now, perhaps you’ll have time later. Come on, we need to get ready for the wedding,” Mr. Holmes tutted, holding a hand out.
“Oi, fuck you, you poncy git. I’m not that short. Just because I don’t have legs that go on for days  . . .”
“Excellent choice.” The man smiled. “This one is guaranteed to hold six cubic metres of volume.”
“Just so,” Mycroft agreed.
“I assure you, I am engaging with none of them beyond my initial questions.” Sherlock thought quickly of John Watson, and realized what a bald-faced lie that was.
“Yes, sir.”
“What . . .” John didn’t get a chance to finish his thought as Sherlock found the edge of the mattress, and tumbled John down with him.
"I think it helped that you were speaking Bajoran," John whispered back. "Not that many Cardassians really do, you know."
“John!” Sherlock called.
“Oh, shut it, you.” John threw his uneaten toast half Tom’s way, but he smiled as he did it.
“Okay, you need to read the next part.” John thrust the pages back at Sherlock.
We welcome your kind comments and kudos. 😊❤️😊
Sherlock hefted the wrapped item, turning it in his hands. A book obviously.
“Easy for you to say, Posh Boy.” John grumbled.
?” he asked the rest of the band.
“Oh, isn’t this lovely!” John exclaimed
We welcome your kind comments and kudos. 😊❤️😊
Gaaawd. John sucked in a lungful as hints of coconut and expensive flowers wafted up from the mess of raven curls. Under that lay the cozy, human smell of the man himself. It would be so damn easy for John to pull him closer, roll Sherlock on top of him, and slot their bodies together to rock . . .
“It’s fine.” John pulled him into a hug. “Look, did you want to make that pasta for dinner?”
“Mmm.” Sherlock rocked forward.
“Berk. Who said anything about you. This is all mine.” John defiantly placed both dishes before his place, nearly challenging Sherlock to say more.
Later, they moved back to the main bedroom for Sherlock to show John where he might put his clothes and things into the drawers and cupboard space that he’d cleared for him.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, examining the blueprints. He knelt on the floor to look closer and after a few seconds John joined him.
Sherlock took it, opening the box inside to discover a jam-filled sponge cake. It looked magnificent.
John felt like a thin veneer of “well” tacked over an ocean of not very well at all.  “Yeah, yeah,  . . . I’m good.”
“Can I, can I just . . .” John whispered.
Once the caravan of workers had passed, Sherlock turned to continue his diagnostic scan of the device affixed to the top of the corridor. When he realized it had been simply calibrated incorrectly, he typed in  a quick line of code that soon had the relay lighting up, and beeping happily.  Sherlock sighed. He’d be glad to finish this project and get back above ground as soon as possible. The cold had a way of slipping under even his heaviest padded jacket and making his joints protest.
The few times, they had felt their way through the dark labyrinth to fetch things left behind had felt like a chore. Now though, the thought of exploring with a light appealed to John. It was a chance to see something new.
“Yeah, well, I’d rather forget about all that when I get home.” He took a long pull from the bottle, emptying it before setting it on the coffee table.
“Oh, yeah?” John raised both eyebrows.
“John, it’s good to see you, though it isn’t ‘Professor’ anymore.” Lestrade leaned forward to shake John’s hand before slipping his arm around Mycroft. “I’ve a job at the Ministry these days. It turned out to be the only good way to see this one on a regular basis. I think we’re ready to announce it. We’re getting married in December.” The look he shot Mycroft was pure heat.  Mycroft simply melted under it in reply.
“Laterz,” Tom called.
“No, of course not.” John sighed. “I guess I did want a bit of privacy . . . just for a bit.”
John pulled up beside him, suddenly realizing how winded he was. He bent, hands on his knees trying to catch his breath.
“Tell me.”
Sherlock stomped to his bedroom with John at his heels. He watched as Sherlock crammed things willy nilly from his cupboard into a carpet bag before rising, wild eyed. “John, we aren’t that far from your house. We can apparate there in just a few stops if we’re careful.”
“More like best behavior, but it brings somewhere idyllic in the country. Are you free next weekend?”
“Alright, arms lifted please.” Sherlock’s voice was cool, brisk even, as he stepped back.
Oscar worked as a model for Felicia’s magazine. He was nearly half her age, a gorgeous thing all long pale limbs, and sharp cheekbones like a greyhound. Generally she spoiled him rotten.
“John, when you left, I thought I’d never see you again,” he whispered to John’s shirt. “I felt like I
“Yes. That.” Sherlock wriggled again.
“What were you thinking, trying to save that trash?”
“I’m afraid I’ll have to demur, I do have a previous engagement.” Mycroft shifted back his cuff to consult the expensive-looking watch around his wrist. “In fact, I am already running late. I’ll need to leave you to your . . .” he glanced briefly around, “domestic bliss.”
John smiled, stood up and kissed him until the frown melted away, then a little longer….just in case.
“I don’t know,” John gulped, “I’ll text . . .”
The tip of the first bead was now just barely nudging against John’s prostate. What had been a pleasant but not particularly arousing experience suddenly kicked up a notch. John felt his cock stir beneath him in renewed interest.
