The awareness keeps coming, in gradual waves, slow and steady that he eventually identifies as his heartbeat. He has a heart, he has a body. He has eyes and a nose and a mouth, he’s breathing, he’s alive. He’s awake, or so close to being awake, for maybe the first time, he doesn’t know if he’s ever been awake before.
Steve had followed him across the workshop and was now standing directly in front of him, almost crowding Tony to the countertop. He looks serious, and so goddamn beautiful Tony catches himself wondering again how he got so lucky. How this is his life. His eyes flutter closed as he leans up for a kiss, and Steve indulges him, cupping Tony’s cheeks in his hands gently.
“I know, Tony. I just hate not being there to help you guys. I worry, is all.” Tony doesn’t have anything to say to that. He knows the feeling, when he’s the one sitting in the saferoom with his eyes glued to the computer screens, gunshots and screams in his ears and nothing he can do but wait.
Tony orders himself an Americano and drops a fifty in the tip jar when the guy goes to start making it. He turns around to lean back against the counter to survey the rest of the shop There’s a dark-haired couple with their heads bent together on a loveseat over in one corner of the room. They’re giggling over something the guy is showing his girlfriend on his smartphone. A middle-aged artsy-looking fellow is sitting by the single window that showcases the street Tony’s just come in from, working on his Apple computer and sipping something drowning in whipped cream and drizzled with caramel, and Tony almost changes his order because that looks downright delectable. He decides against it. He needs something a little stronger, a little more coffee and a little less flavored syrup tonight.
He makes it to Steve without collapsing, which he counts as a win. He wraps his arms tightly around Steve’s neck and closes his eyes, tucking his face into the hollow between neck and shoulder that he used to think was made for him. Steve’s arms come around him, enveloping him in warmth, and he’s missed this so much. He can’t even remember the last time Steve held him like this. It must have been months ago.
Rhodey has even come to visit a couple of times, though they were less social calls and more like check ups than Tony feels comfortable with. Why he needs a check up he doesn’t know, he’s working and coming up with awesome new tech every day and he’s in a great relationship with an even better person, with Captain fucking America, how can you go wrong with that? But Rhodey side-eyes his half-full glass and tells him to be careful and Tony shrugs it off, wondering when people started caring how much drank at all.
“You need to eat more, Tony. You’re not young—“ “Hey!” Tony interrupts indignantly. “—anymore and you need to be more aware of your diet. And you need to start keeping better sleep hours, too,” Steve adds.
Another deep breath and Steve picks his head up and gets back to work on the wraps. He swallows once, then forces the words out. “Yes. It’s just — It’s rough right now. That’s all.”
“Yes,” Steve says, looking at Tony again. Tony heads toward his dresser, thinking about what he’s got on his plate for today, whether he can get away with jeans and a band shirt or if he’s got that shareholder’s meeting Pepper’s been talking about for a week. Is that today? Or tomorrow?
“Yes,” Steve replies. “I am.” He smiles and some of the knots in Tony’s stomach loosen a little bit. “Just, promise me, if you ever feel that way again, you won’t run off and do something like this before you talk to me. Please, promise me that.”
Tony has nothing to say to that, so he keep silent.
Tony pulls him along, fingers linked tightly, until they’re somewhere near the middle of the dance floor. The song playing is upbeat, and the strobe lights are going crazy, flashing and swinging and changing colors at a rapid pace along with the beat of the song. The bass is even stronger out here, thumping in his chest like it’s going to burst him open. He would have a hard time hearing Tony now even with his super-powered hearing if he tried to speak to him, but Tony doesn’t seem to want to talk.
Tony looks away, to the open window with the thin curtains blowing softly. "I don't know, Steve. Are you?"
“Are you still talking to her?” Steve asks stiffly, gaze burning a hole in the blank TV on the opposite wall.
He doesn’t know for sure, but he thinks he’s the kind of man who couldn’t wait for answers to just come around, who would go out and find them himself if he had to. He decides to go with his gut.
“You,” he says, and he can feel the heat in his cheeks but stubbornly refuses to look down. Tony looks surprised but quickly recovers, smirking.
Tony sticks his tongue out at the ceiling childishly, hiking Jamie up to settle more firmly on his hip. The kid is mouthing at a gummy silicone wrench, part of the toolkit Natasha got him when he started teething. It’s covered in drool, and so is Tony’s Black Sabbath t-shirt, but he figures he might not be the neatest guy if he had no teeth either, so he lets it slide this time.
“Come home with me,” Steve says, lips pressed underneath Tony’s ear, mouthing at his skin.
Steve’s eyes narrow. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
There’s a moment of panic when Tony remembers the arc reactor, how could he forget about it, but then the shirt is open and his chest is exposed and Steve pauses briefly to catch Tony’s eye.
“Tony, you’re mine.” Steve says, a flare of heat in the words. Tony stops trying to talk, instead tries to make sense of Steve’s words. “You’re mine, and I’m sorry that I hurt you, if I ever made you feel unwanted. I can’t pretend that we’re not— that we’re not sweethearts, anymore. You’re mine and I want everyone to know that, no more lies, no more hiding, no more misunderstandings.” Steve has drawn himself up to his full height, determination in his stance, red rimmed eyes boring into Tony’s.
The largest couch sits glaringly empty. Tony’s eyes fill up. That’s his spot, the side of the couch with the afghan thrown over the back, and Steve usually sits right next to him, with Bucky on his other side, and Clint either perches on the arm closest to Bucky or plops on the floor between his feet.
Rhodey comes back in a little while later. Steve’s sitting with Tony on a black leather couch in the corner of the conference room, stroking his hair gently. Rhodey rolls up one of the chairs from the conference table and sits in it, clasping his hands between his knees.
Steve snorts and rolls his eyes. Tony grins at him shamelessly. Steve does like it, especially when he smiles like that, but he’s not telling Tony that.
“Mr. Stark, we are not here for you,” he says simply. “We are here for the monster.”
Cap's gaze hardens, hand clenching around his glass a little tighter. “No, seeing as SHIELD no longer exists, I am currently out of a job. Thank you for reminding me,” he snaps, voice tight.
Steve takes a deep breath, squeezes the hand still gripping Tony’s shoulder. “You know Ross held a grudge against him. His science division came up with something yesterday. Something strong enough to—“ he breaks off, swallows. Continues, voice strained. “Strong enough to kill the Hulk.”
Tony’s down in the lab one afternoon when FRIDAY tells him that Steve is calling. Tony’s vision tunnels for a brief second, then sharpens. His heart is rabbiting in his chest when he tells her to put him through.
They’re so close now their shoulders bump gently when they walk, and then Tony feels warm fingers weave themselves between his and he squeezes back. He can feel that he’s grinning like a loon, and when he looks Steve’s way his cheeks are flushed pink and Tony would bet one of his private jets that it’s not all from the chill outside.
Steve nods and FRIDAY starts up the movie, dimming the lights and opaquing the windows to prevent the city lights from glaring off the TV. Tony shuffles a little, gets more comfortable, and settles in for the show.
“Um, hi,” Steve says. He looks great, healthy, and Tony never thought he looked unhealthy but he must have been because now Steve’s face is smooth and free of worry lines, and Tony wonders how he never noticed the stress Steve was under when they were together.
Steve’s hands run down his back and cup his ass, and then suddenly he’s being lifted from the ground like he weighs nothing at all. He wraps his legs around Steve’s waist and his arms around his neck, and he can feel how aroused Steve is as their bodies press tightly together. He’s never been more turned on in his life as Steve literally walks them through the open bedroom door. He doesn’t stop when he reaches the bed, just climbs up with Tony still clinging to him with all four limbs, crawling until he can lay Tony’s head down on the five-star pillows. His body covers Tony like a huge human blanket, and it should be oppressing, claustrophobic, but it’s the exact opposite. It’s comforting and warm and Tony feels sheltered and cared for, and he stretches up to kiss Steve affectionately on his reddened lips.
He looks down at the helmet still held in his hands and makes a decision.
“Of course, sir, how could I be so remiss. My apologies.” He doesn’t sound sorry. Tony snorts.
can’t even let my mistakes go, how am I supposed to, when every time I see you I can see them all lined up in your face?”
Steve eyes the headline of the American newspaper and tosses it back down onto the table. It’s been over 12 hours since the Mandarin attack in California. There’s been another video feed from the terrorist, and a man has died at the hands of this monster, and no one had been able to do anything about it, and Steve’s about ready to haul his ass home just to show them how to get something done.
He looks out over the heads of the crowd toward the dance floor, searching for Tony. His clothes make him difficult to find, all black in a dimly lit club, but Steve’s super soldier eyes are sharp enough to pick him out. Tony’s near the edge of the dance floor, drink in hand, leaning in to talk into the ear of a tall woman in a short red dress with legs for days. Steve feels a pang of irritation; Tony brought him here, why isn’t he talking to Steve? Is Steve too boring? Does he come with too much baggage? Would Tony rather hit it off with some woman he doesn’t even know than spend time with his ex-teammate? Then why not come alone? Why drag Steve here with him?
Tony doesn’t throw the circuit board at the wall but it’s a near thing.
Tony sets down the welding torch and takes off his face shield; See? He can do the whole Proper Lab Protocol thing, despite what Bruce and Pepper say.
They’re sitting on the couch, watching some sitcom that Steve has taken a liking to and Tony supposes is alright as a background type of show. Tony’s working on a StarkPad, making updates to the newest StarkPhone design and running his fingers through Steve’s cornsilk hair. Steve laughs as some poor guy does something embarrassing in front of a smoking hot blonde, and Tony smiles indulgently. Steve catches Tony’s eye and smiles back at him.
"Latveria. There's a Hydra base there. Stop, Steve, wait." Tony's the one reaching out now, hand grabbing Steve's shoulder as he turns away to grab his workout bag. Steve has the urge to push his hand away, walk right through it. There's no chance Tony can actually keep him there if Steve wanted to get free, but he stops and lets Tony turn him around anyway.
“Tony, I don’t know. I don’t know what I’m saying. I guess, I’m saying don’t wait for me. I love you, so much, but you deserve the world, and I’m a fucking mess, Tony, I’m all over the place.”
“Shh. You’re okay. You’re going to be okay. Just stay with me. You're going to be fine.” Tony closes his eyes, drifting. There is movement around him, pressure on different parts of his body, but he can’t feel it, not really. He lays there, content to listen to Steve’s voice as he fades slowly in and out of consciousness.
He wonders where Steve’s shield is. Probably back at the Tower, in lockup so SHIELD doesn’t do something stupid like take it away and give it to some new Captain America.
“Anyway,” Steve says, sounding tired now. “I just wanted to let you know that I’m sorry, and I’m working on it, and that you deserve so much better than I gave you.”
Steve’s mouth twitches up at the corners. “I don’t know, Tony. Maybe it’s always been there, this side of you. Maybe you just realized it’s okay to be someone you can be proud of.”
“Pepper—“
All he wanted was a bowl of cereal after an inventing binge. That was it. He was hungry and tired and finally done with the newest StarkPhone upgrades and he just wanted to eat something and take a hot shower and climb into bed with his warm super-soldier boyfriend. Was that really too much to ask?
At least, that’s what Steve likes to think they did. He remembers kissing Tony’s skin, drinking in the sight of him, the epiphany of realizing that this man is all he’s wanted since he woke up in this century. It had been buried beneath overwhelming grief, simmering anger, misplaced duty. The admiration, though, the affection… That’s always been there.
"So I'm getting the feeling you're all mad at me," he says lightly, looking directly at Natasha. He's feeling brave at the moment, after being hand-fed chicken broth, and he'll probably pay for it later but he wants them to know he did the right thing and he'd do it again.
Cap looks around the room, glances over to the kitchen, then looks back at Tony.
They've been working as an independent team now for about a month, after everyone finally got around to coming to the Tower. Thor still splits his time between New York and wherever Jane happens to be doing her astrophysics thing at the moment, but the assassin twins have moved in completely (or so Tony assumes, he never really saw bags but he runs into them at breakfast more often than not so he guesses they live there now), and Bruce is now a regular companion in either his lab or Bruce's, where they discuss particle physics and biology (Tony hates biology, oh the things he does for his friends) and do science-y things together.
On the other hand, he genuinely likes this guy. It wouldn’t be right to bring him up, have his wicked way with him, and then show him the door in the morning like every other one-night-stand he’s ever had. Because the other option is out of the question; he can’t be in a relationship on a good day. To start one right now, when he doesn’t even know how long he’s going to live, is needlessly cruel. To both of them.
“Yeah, well, people change, I’m a changed man,” Tony says, heading toward the main entrance to the facility.
He keeps thinking about it. It’s all he can see in his head, Steve in his too-tight t-shirt and sweatpants, standing in the kitchen, glass of milk in front of him, leaning over the breakfast bar. And Barnes, sitting on one of the bar stools opposite, arms crossed on the marble countertop, tilting his head forward and up just enough to meet Steve’s lips with his own.
It’s a moment before JARVIS answers. “It is classified, sir. I have taken the liberty of accessing their files regardless, and it looks like they are here for Dr. Banner.”
Rhodey clears his throat, squeezes his hand. “You do, I know you do.” Tony shakes his head again, throat clenching. “You’re listed as her health care proxy. They need you to decide what she would have wanted.” Tony’s still shaking his head, and Steve’s hand is there, petting gently, holding him steady.
They’re interrupted when Jamie squeals loudly, not exactly keen on being squished between his two daddies. Or maybe it’s because he dropped his nappy, who knows. Steve chuckles and kisses Tony softly one more time before pulling away.
The doctors list their probabilities and prognoses and none of it makes Tony feel any better. They’re gathered around the bed, one doctor, one nurse, Tony, and Rhodey. Steve is waiting outside. He told Tony that he thinks this is something personal, something between the three of them that he shouldn't necessarily be part of, but that he’ll be waiting for Tony right outside the door. Tony grabs Rhodey’s hand again, while the nurse unplugs the breathing machine from the wall. They watch as Pepper breathes in a few times on her own, watches as her breaths become shorter, more labored. She never opens her eyes, never panics and signals that she’s suffocating, choking, dying. She just breathes less and less, until her chest doesn’t rise again, and there’s a long beeping from the heart rate monitor, and then the nurse reaches over to shut that off, too.
Tony belatedly notices the plate of sandwiches in Steve’s hand. His stomach growls, betraying him.
He crawls back up to find Tony’s mouth and Tony can taste himself on Steve’s tongue, which only turns him on more. A needy whine escapes his throat, he wants Steve in him now, and Steve pulls away to put the condom on and slick himself up. Then he’s lining up, cock nudging against Tony’s entrance, and he starts to push slowly inside.
“Then why?” Tony almost wails. He’d be embarrassed if he wasn’t so heartbroken, if he could feel anything at all besides tearing pain in his chest.
Bucky looks back at him, eyes steady. "We have to restart his heart before his injuries don't matter at all," he says levelly.
One second he’s staring at the wall and the next there’s a body blocking his view. Tony blinks, takes in black workout pants and a billowy white shirt, a whiff of sweet perfume. Natasha then.
"Cap! Long time no see!" Tony can feel the smile stretching across his face, couldn’t stop it if he tried. It's been almost a month since he left the Avengers, since he drove off in his sleek orange sports car, leaving his team behind without looking back. He's looked back since then, no question about that, but it doesn't change anything. It won’t change his mind. He’s done Avenging and superheroing and pretending to be better than he is.
He tries on a smile and it feels forced. It stretches his chapped lips and he feels them split, wincing slightly at the sudden pain.
“Why are you here, Steve?” he asks, voice puzzled. He’s got a little furrow between his brows, question in his dark eyes. “Why are you in this shitty little pub, on a Tuesday night, by yourself?”
He can hear things. Smell things. He is thirsty. He thinks that if he opens his eyes he will be able to see, as well. He takes that last step, presses through the warm, inviting darkness, and opens them.
He stumbles forward a step before he rights himself, pulling his shoulders up and chin out. He can have a little dignity, even if his eyesight is starting to blur.
Steve looks straight into his eyes while he reaches across the table and grabs one of Tony’s hands in both of his own.
Steve wants to help, but he knows there’s nothing he can do that isn’t already being done. The agents in California will find what there is to be found, and if he’s needed, Natasha knows how to reach him.
Tony rests his arms on the dresser and bows his head, eyes welling up and breath hitching dangerously. He allows himself ten seconds before he takes a deep breath, wipes his face, and disappears into the bathroom with a change of clothes.
He doesn’t make a speech, he doesn’t even remember who does. He has a vague idea that Thor got up there at one point, but has no idea what he would have said. Hundreds, possibly thousands of people have gathered outside the cemetery, wanting to pay their respects to Captain America and his son, but security is keeping them outside the gates, allowing only the small party of private mourners to approach the burial site.
Tony lifts one shoulder nonchalantly. “Back to the hotel, probably. I’m not really in the celebratory mood.” He takes a sip of his neglected coffee, sighs with pleasure. “Actually, I kind of ditched my own New Year’s party. One that I’m supposed to be hosting.” Steve’s got a vaguely horrified look on his face and Tony laughs. “I’ve had about enough bullshitting for one night, and don’t they say whatever you’re doing at the start of the year is what you’ll do for the rest of it? Thanks, but no thanks, I’d rather not be stuck kissing corporate ass for the next 365 days.”
Steve hasn’t said anything, just continues to walk steadily ahead. Tony shrugs to himself, decides to take advantage of it. He’s feeling talkative about it, for once, and Steve doesn’t seem to mind.
“I never meant to hurt you,” Steve says through his tears, reaching for Tony’s hand. Tony shakes his head, pushes his hand away, and hurt flashes across Steve’s face, but Tony ignores it. He rolls over in the bed, turning his back to Steve, and ignores the other man’s presence as best he can. Steve stays for a few more minutes, inches of space feeling like miles between them, before he finally stands and leaves the room, walking out of Tony’s life.
“And you? What brings you to Switzerland?” he asks. Tony looks back up at him, and his dry smile doesn't hide the dark bruises underneath his eyes.
The readouts match what he says, showing the location of the lab. Tony turns back to Steve, who’s still got the blanket clenched in his hand. He looks concerned, but then his Captain face takes over and he nods tightly.
The corner of Steve’s mouth turns upwards, just the slightest bit. “Probably.”
The unwanted sunlight is shining brightly through his closed eyelids, painting them red, and he groans pitifully and rolls over, pulling his pillow over his head. He hears Steve chuckle and removes the pillow to smack blindly at Steve with it. Steve just laughs again and grabs it away from Tony, rolling him back over and pulling him towards the sunny side of the bed.
“I appreciate everything you’re doing to help me find Bucky,” he hears the other man say quietly. “And I know you’ve got a hundred other things to do. But you need to take better care of yourself, Tony. You’re going to burn out.”
Two of the nurses follow, though one stays behind, checking the computer screen readouts. Tony clears his throat awkwardly.
He gives himself five minutes, then heads down to the lab.
“Steve,” he begs, voice strangled.
Tony allows Steve to shepherd him out of the lab and into the private tower elevator. He leans against the wall and closes his eyes as they ascend to the penthouse.
Tony’s throat is tight and he doesn’t have time for this, his team needs him and Steve can take care of Jamie and no matter how much he loves them there are people that need him more right now.
“Mr.—Tony. I can’t… I can’t accept this.” He looks overwhelmed. “This is too much. Thank you, but I can’t accept this.” He begins to back toward the elevator.
Tony pushes himself out of the bed and Bucky backs up a step, still glaring darkly at him.
"Peachy," he responds sarcastically, slightly breathless. His voice is hoarse and gravelly, and he coughs once, jarring his midsection. He groans and the nurse looks at him worriedly. He waves her off, panting. "It's fine," he gets out between breaths, and his throat hurts and everything hurts and he would want drugs but he wants information more.
Steve’s pupils are so dilated there’s only a tiny ring of blue around the outside. He’s panting, his muscles taut with holding back from grinding down on Tony’s body beneath him. “What, Tony? What’s wrong?”
He gets about half a block before he realizes the guy is walking in the same direction, leaving just enough distance to not be considered stalking, but not enough that it’s not a little awkward. He pauses, looks back at him, and the guy shrugs, an apologetic smile crossing his face as he says, “Sorry, I’m heading this way, too.”
Tony raises an eyebrow at Steve and smirks, leaning down to nuzzle into Jamie’s soft baby hair. “Your Daddy is staring at us. He thinks I’m sexy.” Jamie makes a gurgling noise and grabs Tony’s nose with a slimy hand, and Tony reaches up to gently disengage his little fist. “Yes, he wants to do filthy things to this face.”
“Okay,” Steve says simply, and if he were more of a sap Tony would say his heart soars at Steve’s answer. He isn’t ready to let this go yet.
He doesn't respond, just slips the smartphone back into his pocket, next to the little black phone that never rings.
Tony hmphs and Steve looks over at him, questioning. He explains himself. “Their show isn’t terrible, but don’t you want to see the ball drop or something?”
Rhodey nods and asks when they can visit her. The doctor tells them he’ll send a nurse out to get them as soon as Pepper’s settled. He thanks the doctor, who nods back before disappearing back into the ICU. Tony reaches up and grabs the hand Rhodey’s still got clamped to his bicep and Rhodey turns his hand, grips onto Tony’s fingers tightly. They stand like that until a nurse comes out to get them a quarter of an hour later.
“I’m hit, by the way. Not bad, but I’m not moving for the time being,” Clint announces, voice casual but strained.
Just then the stairwell doors slam open, and General Ross stomps in in all his sadistic glory, gray hair cut sharp as ever and an ugly light in his eye. Men pour out behind him, lining the far wall and spreading out in formation. Tony steps in front of Bruce.
“Shh,” he whispers. Steve’s eyes flutter closed and he tilts forward to lean his forehead against Tony’s. They are still swaying just the tiniest bit, no sound but their snuffling breaths, and it’s like a sad, sweet dance.
“I miss you.”
Tony turns, seeking out his lips, breathing out a soft “yes” into Steve’s mouth.
Steve sighs, but Tony can hear the relief in his voice when responds over the team line. “Good job, team. Clean up, and we’ll see you back at the Tower.” Tony sees his shoulders slump as he puts his head in his hands. Tony hovers in midair, letting the NYPD take over now that the hard part’s done.
“Oh, okay,” Tony says intelligently. He doesn’t know how to feel about this. On one hand, he’s glad Steve may possibly get his friend back, but on the other, it’s Bucky fucking Barnes, and there’s no way Tony can compare to the legend of Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes.
And maybe, if by some crazy twist of fate things work out, then maybe their paths will cross again.
Later that evening Steve makes his way back to the shitty little pub, and if he can’t keep his eyes off of Tony Stark during the replays on the barroom television, no one is there to notice.
Tony freezes in his tracks and his heart trips once before it gets itself back under control. He turns to look at the other man and finds his face impassive, nearly blank, but Tony can see the same cracks he feels in his own soul.
“Safe.” Steve says, voice flat, and there’s so much hidden underneath those words Tony wants to scream.
The handle nearly cracks off of the coffee mug when Tony throws it carelessly into the kitchen sink.
They’re playing backgammon. Again. He’s getting so bored with the game that he’s getting sloppy, and Yinsen is kicking his ass. He groans dramatically and throws his hands up, standing and grabbing his car battery before pacing circles around their room. Oh, sorry, their cave.
It’s a day and a night before someone else comes to visit him. He spends it like he did the first two days, doing his absolute best to think about nothing at all.
They have good days and bad days, and Tony tries not to worry too much that most times even the good days have their moments. That’s just how they are, Tony and Steve, they’re two totally different people with two very different backgrounds, and it’s only expected that there are a few bumps in the road. Tony can get under Steve’s skin like no one else can, and he knows it’s the same the other way around.
He smiles slightly instead. “It’s the thought that counts,” Steve replies, and he can see Tony’s little double-take at his American accent.
Tony hums encouragingly as Steve makes his way down his body, pressing a soft kiss to the center of the arc reactor that leaves Tony’s throat strangely tight. He works his way south, mouth roving over the flat plane of Tony’s stomach, the dip of his belly button, and then skips over his cock to press wet lips to the tops of Tony’s thighs. There’s a slick finger nudging at his hole and he doesn’t even have time to react before Steve is swallowing him down completely and breaching him at the same time.
Steve doesn't even slow down as he approaches at breakneck speed, swinging his shield and downing two bots in seconds. He can see the Iron Man armor grappling with stuttering gauntlets at the leader's sparking fuse box, and the other Doombots doing their best to tear his teammate to pieces. Steve pummels robots with his shield and fists, and then there's a small explosion of light and everything stops. The army of Doombots drops to the pavement, unmoving, and Steve starts hauling them off of the dented red and gold figure lying motionless beneath them.
It floods back suddenly and he flops his head back down onto the pillow perhaps more enthusiastically than he should. He hisses in a breath as his head aches and a sharp pain flashes through his abdomen. After it passes, he pushes himself up carefully to survey the damage.
Steve grabs his arm as he passes by, pulling him around to face him. Steve is angry, Tony can see it in the clenched jaw, in the high spots of color on his cheekbones.
“But I want you to give me another chance. Give us another chance. I know we fight, that’s what we do, we’re too different not to, but I want to do it right, I want to, I want to fight right, to get the chance to show you I can fight with you without hurting you. I want to show you that I can be the man you deserve.”
He hears a sound and looks up. Steve is as white as a sheet, shaking hands help up in front of his body like he doesn’t know what to do with them. He’s backing away, stumbling slightly.
“JARVIS, where’s Steve? Thor, the rest of the team. Where are they?”
"Pepper, Pep, no, don't do that, c'mon, I'm fine, Pepper..." He reaches out and she latches onto his hand, squeezing almost painfully, head bowed while she cries softly. Tony turns to look at Rhodey helplessly, who just shakes his head, his own eyes sad and a little misty.
Sam texts him regularly, keeping him updated on Avengers business, and on Steve. Tony never responds, but Sam doesn’t stop, good guy that he is. Tony should buy him something nice, maybe. A pet, or something. They could keep it at HQ for cheering up purposes. He’s sure even heroes need that sometimes.
They get into the city in record time and Tony takes them into a neighborhood Steve’s not familiar with, pulling into a packed parking lot just after 10 pm. He drops the Audi off at the valet stand, where an attendant takes the keys with what Steve is sure is an enormous tip.
“Huh?” Tony asks, slowly opening the container of vegetable fried rice in front of him.
But this, talking to Steve, even just that little bit, seemed surprisingly easy. Maybe it’s the anonymity of it, of talking to a complete stranger who isn’t being paid to listen to his fucked up thoughts and feelings and offer bullshit suggestions for dealing with his recurring nightmares. Maybe it’s that Steve is military, being over there in the sandbox the way Rhodey isn’t, not really, knowing the feel of the grit constantly between his teeth, day in and day out, every meal, regardless of how many times he rinses his mouth out. The feel of the sun beating down on the back of his neck, hotter than hell during the day, then the temperatures dropping him into a different kind of hell at night, seeping into his bones, making his joints ache.
It's awkward, like he's 14 again and sitting in the Dean's office at MIT being reprimanded for going to class blackout drunk and still passing his exams. Then Natasha shifts her book to her lap and turns the page with one hand, gently grabbing Tony's with the other, delicate fingers twining around his.
Steve repeats himself. “We were sent out on an Avengers mission. They hacked into JARVIS, had him tell us Bruce was gone and you were indisposed. So we left.”
“Tony, you need to stop.”
Underneath is a sketch done in black ink, of Tony asleep, legs tangled in the covers of the hotel bed, arc reactor exposed and shining bright. It’s breathtaking in it’s simplicity, the details done with such obvious care. Tony stares at it for a long time, wondering if this is how Steve sees him, saw him.
He’s still drinking but he can’t find it in himself to care. He knows it’s bad, that he’s probably at the point of being considered a functioning alcoholic, but he functions just fine. He makes stuff for SI, he goes to all the parties and galas that require his presence, attends all his board meetings, and even makes an effort to step outside the Tower when it’s not required by his work every once in a while.
“I— I can’t—“ Steve cuts himself off. Opens the hand in both of Tony’s and grasps at Tony’s fingers, grip tight enough that it almost hurts. Tony doesn’t say anything, doesn’t think, because he doesn’t know what this means, and it’s too much to try and guess right now.
“Not your fault, right? Blame your parents,” Tony says. Plays with his glass some more. “Enough of that, though. Tell me about yourself, Steve.” He looks up at Steve’s face, and Steve struggles to find something to say that isn’t a complete lie.
He turns off the soldering iron and sets it down firmly in it’s cradle before ripping his gloves off and glaring at Steve. Steve’s got his arms crossed across his chest, feet shoulder width apart, jaw tight, and Tony thinks he looks ready for a fight.
“No worries, I can settle for some other rag tonight,” he says, joking, and the barista laughs, says “Sorry” again, and gets back to wiping down the counters.
Tony only has to wait 20 seconds before the door opens again, carefully, and Steve pokes his head in. His eyes widen when he catches sight of Tony and he opens the door the rest of the way and then his team is piling into the room, Rhodey and Pepper trailing behind, greetings and threats all tumbling over each other and Tony grins.
“Cap. There’s a floor for everyone on the team. And a communal floor. Bruce is already here. Natasha has stopped by for a night here and there, before she leaves again to do whatever scary-ass shit she does in her spare time now. Barton, too. I haven’t seen Thor, but next time I do he’ll be getting the same offer. C’mon Cap. Don’t make this awkward, it’s a team thing.”
He’s so fucking selfish. Steve’s gone, he’s fucking
Steve’s about to respond something along the lines of
“Tony tells me you need to loosen up,” she says. Her hand slides off his shoulder and down his chest, fingers dipping slightly inside where his shirt falls open. “I can help you with that,” she murmurs, and Steve is impressed. He doesn’t think a lady has ever come on to him this strong before, and while it’s not exactly a turn off (he’s always loved a woman who knows what she wants), it’s not something he’s looking for tonight.
in a relationship. Even with Pepper it was always him working to please her, to make sure he didn’t do something wrong, forget a meeting or an anniversary or a birthday or not to call at 4am after a 72-hour engineering binge.
Steve’s face is flushing now and why does it always come to this?
Steve’s followed him and stands on the other side of the countertop, and when Tony glances up he’s staring at Tony, face closed off.
Steve looks unconvinced. “I just know you’ve been trying to cut back, Tony, and if something’s going on that’s making you want to drink more, you know you can talk to me, right?”
Tony groans again, and Steve looks down to see his head flop sideways, almost bumping into Steve's knee.
Tony reaches the door, holding it open and gesturing grandly for Cargo Guy to pass before himself, and he laughs and shakes his head good-naturedly and steps into the cold, Tony following behind.
Except then it’s not just him.
“Is it okay if I come over tomorrow? I think we should talk. 6 pm?”
He's dizzy by the time Steve pulls back but Tony follows his lips anyway, wanting more. Steve gives his lips a soft peck then pushes him back onto the pillows firmly. His face is flushed and his lips are kiss-swollen and Tony has no idea what he's getting himself into but he doesn't even care, he just wants more of it, every day for as long as Steve will have him.
“You’re right, next time I’ll just let them cart you all off to jail. No skin off my back.”
Tony takes out a couple of bots as they fly by him (they’re so easy it’s pathetic, but what they lack in strength they make up for in numbers, there have got to be at least a hundred of these things), and he’s trying to work out how to get past the forcefield of the leader guy on the roof when Barnes comes out of nowhere behind the thing and jumps onto it’s back, punching viciously at it’s head and neck with his cybernetic arm.
“Don’t you though?” Tony asks, voice rising, slightly hysterical now. “You get twitchy when I mention new technology, like you don’t trust me with it. You don’t like when I work on upgrading FRIDAY. I can see you holding back, like you don’t want to offend me, but I wish you’d just say it already so I can tell you I’m not doing anything stupid and I won’t break the world again, Jesus Christ I can’t handle the looks, and that’s
He’s yelling by the end of it and Steve barely twitches, eyes still hard.
“I believe you,” Steve says, squeezing gently.
“Fuck you, Barnes,” he snaps, yanking his arms out of Bucky’s grip. He knocks Bucky’s shoulder roughly as he storms past toward the bathroom.
Tony stops short, stares. “What?” What?
There are so many of them, and Tony takes out several as he watches his team work below him. Thor is smashing through them with his hammer but they've begun keeping their distance from him, attacking from behind and darting away, and he can't use his long-distance lightning attack. Natasha and Clint are confined to their roof, and Tony is doing his best to keep them from being swarmed. Steve is cleaving through robots one after the other, but Tony doesn't know how long he can hold out. Hulk seems to be holding up alright, but the bots are doing their best to draw him away from the main battle and the team can't afford to lose another heavy hitter right now.
Tony hums contentedly as the hot water pounds down onto his back, pillowing his head on his arms against the wall. He wonders what Steve’s making. Steve’s actually a fantastic cook, used to throw together some awesome dinners for the team when Tony had been sure there’d been only leftovers, pasta, and canned soups in the pantry. He’s good at making something out of nothing, that’s for sure. Prime example: Tony Stark.
He wants to be that friend, that someone, that Tony can turn to. He doesn’t know if he’ll ever get that chance again.
“Steve,” he barks.
“What?” Tony asks, playing stupid.
He hears Steve say, “Oh, Tony,” so softly, exactly how Pepper said it, and part of him wants to lash out, tell Steve he doesn’t need his pity, but in the end it just makes him cry harder, holding onto Steve’s stupidly tight t-shirt with an iron grip.
Without looking up from her book she says, "You ever do that again and I'll kill you."
They walk back to Tony’s hotel together. Tony had let go of his hand once they’d gotten out onto the streets, but they stayed close together in the chilly weather and kept brushing arms as they walked. Steve follows him across the lobby and into the elevator, which whisks them up to the penthouse in silence. Tony stumbles out into the foyer and Steve has to reach out and steady him, holding onto his shoulders.
“That’s it? I don’t know when I’ll be back and I get a ‘Stay safe, see you soon’?” Steve is incredulous. Tony doesn’t blame him, he’s being a dick, he can’t help it sometimes, it’s in his blood.
He’s showering after a particularly spectacular round of sex with Steve, contemplating whether he should actually get dressed when he’s done or just stay naked. Steve’s in the kitchen, having decided they needed sustenance, and though Tony had told him he was perfectly fine with not leaving the bed at all today, Steve had insisted on the grounds of Tony doesn’t eat right when he’s not here, so he’s damn well going to eat right when Steve’s here to feed him personally.
He slides his hands up the sides of Tony’s body to his waist, framing his ribcage on both sides, pulling him closer. Tony opens his eyes and Steve’s lost, feels like he’s drowning in that rich, deep brown. He’s filled with wonderment at the man in front of him, in his arms, in awe of his power and his confidence and blown away by what this man can do, what he’s capable of, in and out of the suit. How much genius is contained in this one human body, how fragile it is, how magnificent. He wonders how he’s never seen this before, then he thinks that he has, of course he has. Tony’s always been exceptional.
The next time he wakes up, he is able to blink his eyes open. They stick a little, like when he's been sick, and his vision is foggy. The breathing tube is gone, at least he's assuming that's what it was last time he woke up, thank god for that. He blinks a few more times to clear his vision, and then he takes in his surroundings.
“Pep…” he tries.
"Where?" Steve asks, mind already creating extraction plans and wondering if Bucky will recognize him again and deciding he doesn't care if he does, he's bringing him home anyway, he's had enough of waiting around.
“You sure about that, Cap?” His voice is still a little shaky, but getting more steady as he speaks. “I meant it when I said I’m an asshole.”
“Of course it is,” he says, still chuckling, and something clenches in Steve’s chest.
“Hydra, sir. They appear to be breaking into Sunrise Medical Laboratories, 86th and Madison.”
“Sure thing. See you then.”
Steve finds his eyes again and his voice is solemn.
When they part, panting softly, Steve rests his forehead against Tony’s and squeezes his eyes shut. Tony allows it for a minute, then reaches up to hold Steve’s face in his hands, pulling back and placing a tiny kiss on the end of his nose. Steve smiles, and it feels broken, and he feels like he doesn’t know what’s wrong with him, why he feels so shattered from just a kiss. He hasn’t felt this open, this vulnerable, since his best friend fell from a train into some god-forsaken crevasse.
One of Tony’s hands slides down to cup his cheek, then moves further, fingernails catching lightly on his stubble, making him shiver. His fingertips come to rest on Steve’s bottom lip, pulling gently until his mouth is open the tiniest bit. Tony’s eyes are locked on Steve’s, and he must find what he’s looking for because the next moment his fingers are falling away and he’s pushing up on his tiptoes and pressing his lips to Steve’s.
He sits there, sipping scotch until the sky turns light, his phone sitting innocently on the countertop next to him, screen dark.
“Ah,” Tony says, and falls silent. It’s unusual enough for it to feel awkward, and Steve clears his throat after a moment.
“No,” he says, voice quiet, and Tony sucks, why’d he have to bring up how obviously alone the guy is? This is why he doesn’t do conversations with people that aren’t business partners. Because he’s insensitive. Pepper’s told him so. Steve continues before Tony can change the subject. “I’m on leave.” At Tony’s surprised look, he says, “I’m in the Army. Most of my friends are still over there, and I haven’t got any family left, so it’s just me, really.”
Tony drags up a smile from somewhere. “Great, Cap, working on new network capabilities for SI, it’s hard work but it’s good work, keeps me busy, you know?”
“Tony, please don’t make this any harder.” Steve’s voice is hoarse, he sounds terrible and Tony doesn’t understand why he’s doing this if he doesn’t want to.
The elevator chimes, announcing its arrival at the ground floor, and the doors glide open smoothly. The lobby is all but deserted, everyone already upstairs, ready to celebrate the start of the new year. Tony pushes himself away from the wall and strides out across the marble floor, footsteps echoing loudly in the cavernous room. He nods to the security guard and exits through the revolving glass door, shooting off a quick text to his driver telling him that he’s going to walk back to the hotel tonight. Happy responds immediately with a “Yes Boss” as Tony’s stepping out onto the pavement.
Steve doesn't look entirely convinced but he seems to accept it for now. He takes Tony's hand and Tony doesn't think this many people have ever held his hand in his life, but then again he's never had this many people care about him, either. He's not complaining. He actually kind of likes it.
Rhodey and Pepper visit him more often now, and Tony guesses that Steve told them what happened. They never mention him, avoid talking about him completely, and Tony can’t help but be grateful. He still gets a lump in his throat when he thinks about him and it takes a minute to be able to speak normally.
“Fuck! Steve! STEVE!” Tony is screaming into the comms. He’ll be at the Tower in 20 seconds, but it’s too long, he needs to be there now. Where is Steve? What happened? “JARVIS!”
Tony's eyes are dancing as he watches Thor snuffle in his sleep, and he turns to Steve across the aisle.
Steve looks angry now. "Tony, I never asked for all that," he says tightly.
Tony’s eyes are twinkling and Steve can’t stop himself from leaning forward to press a small kiss to his lips. Tony’s eyes widen slightly before they close in contentment, and he murmurs against Steve’s lips, “Scandalous, Captain.”
Tony’s back is to the door but Steve has no doubt that Friday told him he was coming down. The music drops off as he enters the room in preparation for a conversation. He can see Tony tense up as it does and his heart twists painfully in his chest.
Steve remembers Tony’s eyes shining in the dim light of the bedroom. Remembers the sounds he made as Steve breeched his body, gasping and moaning in pleasure. Remembers the whispered words, “Steve” and “baby” and “please”. Remembers the soft kisses Tony peppered on his chest afterwards, the way he ran his fingers through Steve’s sweaty hair, the way he curled up against him before he fell asleep.
Yinsen smiles. “Yes, I have a wife. A beautiful wife, who I love more than anything. And two children, one boy and one little girl. My son wants to be a doctor, yes. He is the age where his father is still his hero.” He smiles wistfully. “My daughter, on the other hand, wants to be a ballerina.” His smile widens, and Tony grins back.
“It was a car accident. Happy— Happy didn’t make it. Pepper’s in critical condition.” Tony sways and then Steve is there, holding him up, talking to him. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, Tony,” he’s saying. Steve is hugging him, and Tony thinks it may be the only thing keeping him upright. “The car flipped, she’s in the ICU, she’s there now, Rhodey’s with her.” Tony takes a deep breath, gets himself under control, pushes away from Steve’s chest.
Tony’s laugh is easy, amused, and Steve grins. “Well,” Tony says, draws out the word, tapping his fingers in a rhythmic pattern on the dark wood counter. “I’m a terrible golfer. Deplorable,” he says, shaking his head sadly, eyes dancing.
There’s a banging sound from the stairwell and Bruce looks up at him, eyebrows raised, and Tony shrugs.
—“ and he thrusts once and Tony’s laughs cut off on a loud moan.
“Explain it to me.” Steve thinks for a moment that maybe he’s pushed too far, he’s a stranger as far as Tony knows, and this is deeply personal, so personal that Steve and Tony couldn't talk about it without it deteriorating into a fight. But maybe they were too close. Maybe Tony will tell some stranger, someone willing to listen to his side without judgement. Maybe Tony will finally explain in a way Steve can understand.
“It is, Tony, because you make it that way! You act like you know what’s best for the team without anyone’s input. Teams don’t work that way. That’s how Ultron happened, Tony, it’s how the Accords got so out of control, because you went behind our backs and helped
Tony interrupts him, voice sharp. “We’re doing this, JARVIS. Don't make me override you.”
He sees Steve jump at the unfamiliar voice that answers from the overhead speakers, winces a bit. It took him a while to get used to it, too. Sometimes when he’s tired, he still expects JARVIS to answer and it takes him a moment to remember that JARVIS is dead, and his voice is with Vision now, and Vision doesn’t particularly like him at all. Poetic, in a way. He always figured if he did have kids they’d like him just as much as he liked his dad, so it’s nothing unexpected, even if it stings every now and then.
They leave the room and Tony falls back onto his pillows and closes his eyes.
His finger hovers over the reply button for a few seconds before pressing it firmly, and he types out a quick response.
The suit releases him and someone pulls him out into the hallway and he collapses, retching onto the floor. He heaves and heaves until there’s nothing, he’s just gasping for breath and his vision is spotted with black but he can still see Steve and Jamie so clearly, can see the gun going off, can see the deep red of their blood, and he chokes again, on his hands and knees, body rocking forward.
“Tony? Can you hear me?” His voice is shaking and he gently squeezes the hand held in his, praying for a response, for a miracle.
He’s still rambling by the time the doors open onto Cap’s floor. Tony waltzes in, clearly expecting the other man to follow behind, and he does. There’s an open living area complete with flatscreen TV and couches, and past that is a classically modern kitchen. Everything’s done in neutral colors, muted browns and tans and blues. There’s a hallway that leads to a bedroom and a luxurious bathroom, and another door that leads off to a room lined with floor to ceiling windows and a giant oak desk filled to the brim with art supplies. There’s also an easel in the corner and a closet overflowing with different types of paints, but Tony think’s he’ll leave the soldier to discover that room on his own. It might be a little much, he’s not sure. He's not very good at gift-giving. Example: the Giant Stuffed Bunny Fiasco of Christmas, 2013.
Tony miraculously finds the energy to muster a snort.
“Cap,” he greets. “How are you?” He does his best to keep his voice casual; He’s not sure if he succeeds. He wipes his shaking hands on a rag, leaving grease marks behind on the white cloth.
Tony can’t say how long they stay like that. Long enough for the tears to stop. Long enough that he worries every moment will be the last, will be the moment Steve pulls away from him forever.
JARVIS’s voice replies, sounding slightly more tinny from the phone’s small speakers than it usually does down in the lab. “Hello, Captain. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
It’s darkness, if darkness had a texture, and a smell, and a taste. Thick and swirling, like a black fog, it wraps around his body, cushions him, carries him along to nowhere. It fills his senses, smelling like sleep and death and sorrow, pouring out of his eyes in blacks and blues and dark purples and shades of grey.
“Nah,” he says, and leaves it at that. After a minute Tony throws back the rest of his drink and stands, fishing a bill out of his wallet that’s more than enough to cover the both of their tabs and slapping it onto the counter.
“Tell Steve I won’t be home tonight. Working late.”
"Are you crazy, or just masochistic? How long have you been down here, mutilating yourself? Your knuckles look like hamburger meat." Tony doesn't even seem to expect an an answer, just lets go of Steve, stalks over to grab his gym bag, and then reclaims Steve's wrist and pulls him along behind as he exits the training room. Steve rolls his eyes at Tony's antics but goes along with it, wondering at how completely their roles have been reversed since this morning. He still wants to strangle the guy for putting himself in danger, but it's buried under so much fondness at the moment that the anger is just a distant memory. Now Tony's trying to take care of him, and it's nice, if unneeded.
Tony can’t hold back his whispered, “But what?”
He looks over and Steve isn't moving. His hands are resting in his lap and he’s staring at Tony’s drink on the low table in front of them.
“On it, Cap,” Natasha answers promptly.
Bucky grabs Tony’s wrists as he goes to shove him again, grip tight and eyes hard as steel.
“Sorry,” Tony says, thinking maybe Steve does mind after all. “Dumping all my shit on you like that. That’s what my $400 an hour psychiatrist is for.” He laughs ruefully.
Rogers runs a hand along the back of the leather couch, fingers catching lightly on seams. “And call me Steve, please,” he says before Tony reaches the door.
“A little warning next time, please, and you’re welcome. Cap? You copy?”
“Daddy!”
In his defense, he’s never seen Tony Stark, playboy, in action. It takes him a moment to recover, flush fading gradually from his cheeks, and by then Tony has already started speaking again.
He flops back to the bed, arms flying out to the sides, and something crumples as his hand lands on the pillow next to him. He grabs it, sitting up slowly and pulling the hotel paper into his lap, rubbing the residual sleep from his eyes.
There’s a sharp prick on the inside of his elbow and the pain begins to fade away. This is better. This is nice. He opens his eyes, looks up at Steve. His eyes are red, and he’s looking down at Tony like he’s so scared. His lip is trembling. Tony tries to reach up with the non-pricked arm to rub it, smooth away the tremors, but something pulls, so he can’t. He tries to say Steve’s name but nothing comes out. Steve seems to understand though, because he reaches out to touch Tony’s face, swiping his big thumb underneath Tony’s eyes.
"Tomorrow?" Steve interrupts. "Tony--"
Tony stays silent, waiting to hear what comes next.
It’s been a long time since Steve left a note for him. Tony doesn’t blame him.
Tony can see the flurry of emotions running across the other man’s face, the indecision. He sighs.
“Yes. No. I don’t know,” Tony flounders. “I just, didn’t think, Steve. I just thought, if you’re that ashamed to be with me, I’ll find someone who isn’t, someone who wants to be seen with Tony Stark.”
“Nothing,” Tony says, waving away the concern, irritated with himself. Steve doesn’t look convinced, and Tony huffs a sigh, giving in. “It’s nothing, really. It’s just strange, talking to someone like a real person. I don’t do that a lot.”
kisses him properly.
She feeds him half the bowl in silence until he waves her off, feeling like he can't eat another bite without either exploding or throwing up first, and Tony is really starting to feel like he's in the doghouse here and shouldn't they be thanking him? He saved them all.
It’s like a punch, like all the air has left his lungs. His whole body
Tony rises from his desk, closing the holographic windows displaying the newest Iron Man specs. He keeps them locked down because he can’t take another argument, not about Iron Man. The guy he gave up. The one he’s not supposed to be anymore. The one he’s always going to be, no matter what Pepper thinks.
He’s not even sure if Steve came to bed last night. It wouldn’t be the first time. They used to make it a point to sleep in the same bed, no matter how busy Tony is in the shop, or how much paperwork Steve has to fill out after a mission. It doesn’t seem so important now.
, and
There is superheroing where they defeat the bad guy and save the innocent bystanders and the team moves together like a well-oiled machine, and then there is superheroing where Tony has to make a decision in a split second of chaos, and he weighs the options and picks the scenario that results in the least amount of death and destruction, and he spends the next quarter of an hour getting chewed out by his “Commanding Officer”, aka Captain Fucking America.
He’s found the leader of the Doombots, that’s for damn sure. A big hulking thing with a massive electronic panel in it's chest that Tony’s sure he can take out the entire swarm with if he does it right. Only it’s covered by some kind of forcefield, some new thing Doom invented, and so far nothing’s been able to get past it. Everything they've tried gets fried before it can touch anything important.
They step inside and Steve pushes Tony up against the back wall. Tony’s head falls back with a thump as Steve attacks his neck, holding him up with one hand (one hand, oh my god) while Steve unbuttons his shirt with the other. His kisses move down, over Tony’s chest, as far as he can go while still holding Tony up. He laves over the scars where the arc reactor used to be with his tongue and Tony really doesn’t even know if he’s going to make it to the bed at all at this rate. He’s panting by the time the elevator doors open to the penthouse, FRIDAY chiming tactfully to let them know they’ve arrived. Steve adjusts his grip and turns them around, carrying Tony through the penthouse and into Tony’s bedroom. He kneels on the bed, crawling up it on his knees before he gently lets Tony down into the soft pillows at the top, kissing him breathless.
“Tony, I’m—“
The call cuts off when FRIDAY picks up on his cut-throat motion. His whole body is trembling, but it’s nothing a drink can’t fix.
when Tony interrupts him, laughing sharply.
Steve smiles grimly and reaches down to grab his jacket from where he tossed it on the loveseat, then makes his way to the elevator.
Tony speaks again. "He doesn't seem to be hiding... I know you kind of gave up trying to force him to come back, but it almost seems like he's waiting. He's stayed in the same place for a while now, and that's not his usual MO. Just thought maybe you'd want to know..." He trails off uncertainly, looking uncomfortable.
Sam had left him a while back, before everything went down with the Mandarin, saying he had to get home, he had a life there, a job. He told Steve to call if he needed anything at all, or if he got a good lead, but Steve hasn't called. Sam did leave him with some advice: “He’s like a hurt animal, Steve. He’s gonna hide and lick his wounds, and he won’t come back ’til he’s ready. I know you want to be there for him, but chasing him around the world might just be making it worse. Let him come to you.”
Steve is shaking his head in disbelief and growing agitation. “Tony, I needed time to clear my head after what I did.”
“Tell me,” he orders.
He stands up, vision still a little fuzzy, and steps over to stand in front of Steve, grabbing his free hand in both of his own. He falls to his knees and then the tears really start to flow, because all he can think is that he’s lost him, he’s lost the best thing that’s ever happened to him, there’s nothing he can do to make this right, Steve’s going to leave him.
it’s Steve’s towel, because this isn’t hard enough without being reminded of him every fucking second — he roughly brushes it against the back of his hand, dislodging most of the larger pieces of glass embedded in his skin. Then he wraps the towel around the whole thing and leaves the bathroom, carefully looking at the floor as he climbs back into bed.
Tony laughs. “Oh come on, Steve, it’s just a glass. I have one with you all the time.”
“My turn,” he says, reaching for Jamie. Tony hands over the squalling baby, then leans over and kisses him on the crown of his head, eyes squeezed shut. It’s always hard to leave, knowing he might not come back. He looks back up at Steve, and kisses him hard on the lips.
“Steve,” Tony tries. “It was my fault. I never learned how to keep my mouth shut, you can’t blame yourself for knocking me around a bit when I say stupid things.”
"I've already scheduled a flight for tomorrow morning--"
He’s contemplating what exactly Asgardian liquor is made of when he sees Tony approaching with his new friend and what’s most likely her wing-man. The woman in red is pretty, prettier than Steve expected, which makes him feel like a bit of a punk, judging someone before he’s even met them. Tony holds up the velvet rope that separates their area from the rest of the club and lets them both duck underneath before following.
