Tony hummed and pressed his face to the side of Steve’s head. “You only get this soft with me late at night. Now, why is that?” Tony asked, a posh slip in his tone.
Steve flicked Tony across the arm hard. “Oh, shut up, we both know I’m the only one you love.”
His eyes were getting droopy again. But Steve stayed awake.
And that’s how it always went; no matter what time of night it was, or what excuse had dragged them up there, it always consisted of Steve bundled up with a blanket, leaning into Tony’s side sleepily, while Tony guided them onto the roof, making sure Steve didn’t slip and fall to his death on the stairs.
“Whatcha thinking?” Tony asked, turning his head to the side, his nose almost touching Steve’s.
“Are you sure?”
“Really?” Tony asked, a grin placed on his lips, “I thought it would be pretty good since I’m Italian,” Tony said, a hum following his sentence.
Steve should have expected it, he really should have.
Steve let out a little snort. “They were a mess.”
Steve didn’t really get an answer. But he waited, because Tony would give an answer, it was just how it was. He didn’t always give it immediately, but he gave it when he needed or wanted to.
Steve hushed Tony. “Okay, okay. I’ll come with you, just give me a second, my eyes are blurry,” Steve whispered out as Tony moved the blanket off his body slowly and Steve rubbed his eyes.
“I’m pumped that they got their shit together and didn’t think from their asses this time.”
“Really?” Steve said, a neutral look on his face. He couldn’t believe this man. “That’s a hard take on me loving you.”
Steve thought he was beautiful.
So Steve wrapped his arms a little tighter around Tony, pressed a soft kiss on the back of his neck and waited.
“Bless you,” Tony said sincerely, pulling her into a swift hug. “I owe you a raise.”
“Please,” Steve finally gasped out, pressing his hips back in a desperate attempt to get more than that teasing touch.
"Fine,” he said without stopping. “Gather what you need, but I won’t wait for you.”
There was a long silence, and then Tony made a shocked sound when something hit him on the arm. Looking down, he saw that James had thrown a dinner roll at him. “I understand now what Steve sees in you,” James said, rolling his eyes. “You are both
“And that’s what this is? A map to hidden treasure?” Stane said skeptically. “Sounds like you’re sending me on a wild goose chase, Tony.”
“Desperate times calls for desperate measures, my friend,” Sam said. He pulled a chest out from the corner of the room, which was stacked high with what was probably illegal contraband, and produced another key. “Your friend took a risk, yes, but it would have gone much worse for him had he been discovered with these in his possession.” Sam glanced at him with amusement as he opened the lid to the chest. “Perhaps if you and ‘Brother Eduard’ had been as trusting, we all would have been saved a great deal of trouble.”
Tony didn’t react to that bald faced lie. He rubbed his hand over his mouth as if he were contemplating Stane’s offer. “And if I refuse?”
"I'm sure He has more important things to worry about than one poor sinner."
“Nothing, it’s just a nickname,” Stark repeated.
Tony thought about that. “That's true,” he said thoughtfully. “For some reason when most people disapprove of me it makes me angry, but when Rodgers does it, it's just entertaining.”
Stane studied him thoughtfully before sitting back. “Very well,” he said. Tony sat back as well, trying to cover his uneasiness with a sip of wine; he couldn’t tell if he’d convinced Stane or not. “But there is a good chance that these relics will end up in the hands of the Church, and if they do, I would expect you to make sure they come to me instead of being locked up in a vault in the Vatican.”
Tony’s eyes flew to Steve’s from where he’d been staring up at the stars. “What?”
“Why?”
“Actually, no. When I first started with the church I was a priest at a lowly diocese a day's ride from my father's estate. Everything I have now I built myself.”
“Steve needs one of the relics,” Natasha said, and when Hassam turned to her he bowed respectfully. “The Iron Cardinal needs them.”
“He’s sleeping soundly now,” Ana announced, startling the chickens. “His injuries are numerous and severe, but the infection had not progressed very far and that is always the most dangerous. You may see him now, if you want,” she added, and Steve was on his feet before she finished talking.
“No, not all,” Tony said, lips quirking. "It’s all very well and good to preach non-violence, but as you can see, it pays to have a backup plan.”
Tony exhaled heavily. “I don’t know why I am grieving for a man that I hated,” he said, voice hollow. “I see –
“Another day. End of tomorrow, perhaps, if we leave at first light and pick up the pace.”
“Sorry, Tony,” Stane said over his shoulder as he stepped over Steve’s body to reach the door. “There never really was an antidote. Not that I’d give it to you, anyway. You are far too much of a pain in my ass to keep around. Hope you took this time to get your affairs in order.”
“Couldn’t completely give up your creature comforts, eh, Stark?” Steve examined the pillow, which was made of sturdy burlap on one side and cloth on the other, before handing it back. “No thank you.”
“It occurs to me,” Stark said after a few long moments, voice deepening, “that perhaps we need a new approach. Clearly confession and penance has not been enough to banish the demon that rides you and incites such lust.” His hand tightened in Steve’s hair, making Steve shiver at the sensation, and pulled his head back to meet his eyes. “I think your only salvation will be to dedicate your body to God, to put yourself wholly into His hands.”
Bucky was too weak to explain, breath short from the exertion of speaking so much already, so the discussion was tabled as Steve patiently spooned the broth into his mouth; when the bowl was finally empty, Bucky lay back against the bed with a long sigh, mumbling something but already falling asleep again from the herbs in Ana’s tisane. Tony stared at him with bemusement as he slept, then shook his head and stood. “I wonder why Bucky would think that
“Lord, protect those who seek your help,” Stark grunted as his thrusts grew erratic. “They desire to be strengthened by your blessing and consecration. Oh, God,
relics, the real ones,” Steve said. He was barely controlling the urge to shake her into action. “I know you still have the real ones.” If he knew Tony, and he liked to think that he did, there’s no way he would have ordered these relics to be hidden without the chance to investigate if Bucky’s claims were true. His sense of curiosity was too strong for that.
“Brother Steve,” Tony said quickly before Steve could answer, not confident that Steve would remember that they were technically supposed to be in disguise. “And I am Brother Eduard,” he said as he shook Sam’s hand as well. "Of the congregation of Saint Victor."
“And philosophy?” When Steve looked at him, Tony said, “Brother Peter told me that you were borrowing philosophy books from my library.”
Natasha slid an engraved disk with some sort of symbol on it across the table to the ironworker, who made it disappear before he slipped out the door of the tavern into the night. “So, you know where we’re going?” She asked Tony.
“The Iron Cardinal protects people around here, so they tend to defer to his judgment,” Tony said vaguely. “I could arrange an introduction, if you want, but he’s in Paris.”
“Yes, Your Grace.” This time, there were three cracks and flares of pain on his back, making Steve tremble and gasp for breath. But his erection was undaunted, and he had the wild thought that he could come like this, without anyone laying a hand on him. He wondered if he would earn Stark’s praise or further punishment for that, and his cock throbbed at the idea.
at that monastery, digging holes and chopping trees, waiting like a wife whose husband had gone to war while Bucky's being hunted at every turn.
Soon, he could tell that Stark was close because his cock felt even bigger and harder in his mouth as he thrust, thigh muscles trembling. Then there was a bitten off curse, a groan, and Stark stilled, cock throbbing as he pulsed, filling Steve’s mouth with the sour, salty taste of his seed. Steve swallowed and felt like he was going to burst out of his skin if he didn’t reach his own release soon.
“Tony, you haven’t been sleeping and you barely eat. Your face is deathly pale and the smallest thing tires you out. You are
Stark’s words knocked Steve off balance. “Because…” He started, his eyes involuntarily moving to the closed door of Stark’s bedroom. “Because you took an oath,” he managed. “An oath of chastity.”
, Steve,” Bucky snapped.  “I have to get you somewhere safe before the King’s men get here.”
isn’t Stark,” he muttered, turning back to his food. “He’s…” he trailed off, trying to find the words. “It’s too much. He’s trying too hard.”
The more Steve learned about Stark, the more it seemed there was to discover. “And how did that happen, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“You’re different in the way you talk about him now. Calling him
in sharing the pleasures of the flesh too freely. In my opinion the world could do with a little more of that.”
“Are you sure?” Stane suddenly leaned forward, gaze intent. “Because we have reason to believe that he may have asked for your assistance leaving Paris when the King dissolved the Templars.”
“Sir, sir!” Steve ignored the young cleric that was right on his heels as he stormed towards Cardinal Stark’s private chambers. “His Grace isn’t prepared for visitors-”
Tony understood what Ana wasn’t saying. Even if Barnes lived, he might never walk properly again, or hold a sword. “Is there anything to be done?”
It took a while for Barnes to wake up, but eventually his swollen eyelids opened a slit. “Steve?” he mumbled around a split lip. “No, you can’t…get out, go away,” he said, shaking his head, chains rattling as he tried to reach out and push Steve away. "Run, you have to run-"
“In pain,” Bucky said honestly, accepting piece of apple from Steve and holding it clumsily with his bandaged hands. “Scared. Pissed off.”
After a moment of studying Bucky’s swollen and discolored features as he slept, Steve turned so he could sit on the floor and lean against the bed, resting his head close to Bucky’s. Behind him, he could hear Bucky’s deep and even breathing, glad that he no longer sounded like he was in pain. “I’ve missed you so much,” he confessed softly. “I’ve screwed things up so much without you." Bucky had always been good about keeping Steve from making too big of an ass of himself and saw things much more clearly than Steve himself could. Steve scrubbed his hands over his face, exhaustion suddenly a weight on his shoulders. "Though, in all fairness, I didn’t get captured by a madman and tortured, so it looks like you’re not doing so well without me either. From now on, we're in this together, you hear me?” In the quiet of the room, he bowed his head to pray and didn’t realize that he had fallen asleep until he was startled awake sometime later by the sound of someone making noise above him. He sat up swiftly when he realized that it was Bucky waking up and trying to move.
Steve suppressed a sigh and took another sip of wine, already regretting his decision to come. More intrigues and political maneuvering; it was enough to make him wish to be back in the Holy Land.
“In a time of crisis, it often aids people to return to a simpler time in their lives,” Stark said carefully.  “There are initiate robes downstairs, off the vestibule.”
But Steve only stared as if seeing Bucky for the first time. “I never thought about it like that,” he said instead. As a young squire, he’d been sparring with the other knights in training one sweaty afternoon and had come away from that session with an embarrassing erection that had only gone away when he’d found a private place to touch himself to thoughts of hard bodies pressed against his own. The next Sunday, the pastor’s sermon had thundered against deviant desires and Steve had felt like the pastor had been speaking directly to him, like God had seen his thoughts and was warning him away from a path of sin. He still remembered sitting in the pew with the sick feeling of fear and shame turning his guts to water as he listened to the pastor.
Steve stepped back just in time for Tony to be almost tackled again, this time by Natasha. Only instead of being followed with a kiss Tony got a tirade. “I cannot
and saw the sinful curve of his mouth. Saw his hands, with their long clever fingers and narrow palms, stroking over smooth skin; imagined the way the long, lean muscles of Tony’s back would move as he-
“Not until you.” Steve sat down on his straw mattress and leaned his back against the wall, trying not to stare at how the candle highlighted Stark’s strong jaw and made mysterious shadows of his eyes. “Why are you here?”
“I’ll inquire,” Brother Peter said, drying his pen and setting it to the side.  After a few moments he returned and gestured for Steve to go upstairs.
Everything in Steve rebelled at the thought of just sitting here and waiting while Tony's bedpartner went into their room and stayed there for hours, doing - while Tony - "No, I feel like walking," Steve said; what he felt like was running away, away from this room that seemed too close and loud. He could feel Tony's eyes on his back as he left the tavern, but outside it was thankfully cooler and quieter. He looked back at the tavern once, then turned away and started to jog, planning to run until this sick, nervous energy was gone.
“Really?” It took a force of will for Steve to keep his face blank and not look at Tony, to not let his voice betray his sudden worry. “Turn them in to who? Does the king have men stationed in Loudoun?”
“Yes, Your Grace.” Steve bowed his head modestly. It was a good look on him; usually he was stubborn as a mule, argumentative and single-minded. It made his offer of submission here that much headier, like a fine wine.
Steve moaned at the reminder and felt a deeply coiled tension inside him let go, then suddenly he was flying, having been given permission to not think or do, just to feel. His body was alight with sensation, from the stinging in his back to the throbbing of his cock to the slight ache of his jaw as Stark used his mouth. His hands were on Stark’s thighs, feeling the muscles there move under his palms as Stark thrust slow and deep. He didn’t realize that his eyes had closed until he dragged his eyelids open to look up at Stark, feeling a thrill when he saw the heat in the man’s heavy-lidded dark eyes, lips slightly parted as he watched his cock disappear into Steve’s mouth. He was starting to move faster now, and Steve made another ragged sound deep in his chest, relaxing to let Stark take what he wanted, to go as deep as he wished. There was bit off noise above him and one of the hands on his jaw moved to his hair, fingers tightening on the strands with the perfect amount of pain. He knew if he looked, his own cock would be an angry red and leaking profusely, but he didn’t touch it without Stark’s permission.
“Is that what you really think?” Tony’s asked after a moment, voice hard and level.
Steve’s eyes traveled over Tony’s face, the dark eyes, straight nose and thin, mobile mouth that he’d just kissed, framed by the goatee. Tony’s jaw was dark with stubble, and Steve wanted to put his mouth there, too, feel the roughness on his lips. His gaze followed the line of Tony’s neck, gleaming in the firelight, to where the hollow of his throat was visible above the loosened laces of his shirt. Tony’s thighs were hard under Steve’s hands, and he squeezed them, drawing another sound from deep in Tony’s chest. He wanted everything, things that he couldn’t put into words. Tony’s mouth, his hands. His body. The clever mind, the soft heart, the biting wit. “You,” he said finally. “I want you.”
“Is that why you do what you do? Are you fiddling while Rome burns?” Steve shoved his chair away from the table and stood, gesturing to Stark’s opulent apartment. “Here, with your wine and your fine linen sheets and the bed with an ever-rotating rondel of people in it?”
“Come in,” Stark called when Sir Rodgers knocked.  “What do you need at this hour of morning?”
“I mean it.” Driven by an impulse that he didn’t examine too closely, Steve rose from his chair and fell to his knees in front of Tony. Heart pounding, he took the bottle from Tony’s fingers, took a deep swallow and set it aside. Then, eyes steady on Tony’s, he leaned in and pressed his mouth to Tony’s in a soft, clumsy kiss. The contact was brief but electric, making Steve suck in a breath; this one kiss was more exhilarating than the entire act with the few women Steve had slept with. He pulled back, and when Tony didn’t protest, he did it again, this time feeling Tony return it, tilting his head and moving his mouth against Steve’s, sending sparks up and down his spine. His hands came up to rest on Tony’s thighs for balance, but he heard Tony make a soft noise at the touch and was suddenly hungry to hear more.
The bells of Notre Dame were ringing midnight when he reined his most recent horse to a stop in front of the Church. He pushed his way past the night priest and headed towards Tony’s quarters, looking for someone who could take him to Sister Natasha. He didn’t know how she found out he was here, but he was turning a corner and found her in front of him, hair covered by a simple scarf rather than a wimple from where she had dressed in a hurry.
“Just the usual, Edwin,” Tony said ruefully. “We are also in need of concealment. Can we stay here until he’s stable enough that I can take him to the manor?”
made a ball of warmth appear in Steve’s chest, one that he didn’t want to examine too closely so he busied himself by pulling up the sod to make a makeshift firepit. “Also, I’m pretty sure that’s the point of asceticism,” Steve said dryly, stamping down the damp dirt. "To deny yourself material things to get closer to God."
“A message from Brother Scott reached me when I was on my way.” Natasha glanced up at Steve, who was watching them intently. “I know where Barnes is, and it’s not good.”
The sun’s rays were casting long shadows in Tony’s room when Steve burst through the door to Tony’s bedroom to see Bucky sitting on the edge of his bed, cradling Tony’s limp hand. “He’s still breathing, but he won’t wake up,” Bucky said as he looked up, face pale with worry. “Do you have it?”
“He’s in good hands here,” Tony said as he came up to join Steve. “Ana is the best healer I know.”
“It’s only blasphemy if it’s not true,” Bucky insisted. “But I swear, if you had those relics, you could heal me in less time than it takes to say Ave Maria. The Templars weren’t protecting these relics from the world, they were protecting the world from these relics.”
“In a good way?”
Tony nodded stiffly, skin crawling at Stane’s touch. “Please make yourself comfortable, I will be there shortly. I would like to wash up after my travels.” He exhaled silently with relief as Stane turned away, until his steward spoke up.
“How long has Lord Stane been here?”
“Yes, Your Grace,” Steve said, and oh, he was blushing so prettily now.
Steve scowled at the rebuke.  “What would you have me do instead? Stay here, in the lap of luxury, while my brothers are being tortured, while my entire order is being dismantled and scattered to the far ends of the Earth?”
“For God’s sake, Natasha-“
Tony rubbed his forehead. “Nothing. Just didn’t get much sleep last night.”
Steve barely heard what Stark was saying because the look in Stark’s heavy-lidded eyes was setting him on fire from the inside out. Steve saw his own hunger reflected there, banked and controlled, and suddenly felt light-headed with want. “Yes, Your Grace,” he managed, and Stark nodded approvingly.
. “Sanctificetur nomen tuum,” he said loudly, trying to drown out his thoughts, but he still heard Tony’s voice purring in his ears -
too many ballads…” He fumbled to a stop, and when he realized Steve was staring his face flushed even brighter. “It’s just a nickname,” he added defensively. “Where did you hear that, anyway?”
“You mean the Iron Cardinal?” Thomas asked. “Yeah. For a few years now.”
Steve heard Stark move away and there was the rasp of the leather whip against the stone floor. “We kissed and – and touched each other,” he said, closing his eyes again, and behind his closed eyelids flashed every guilty fantasy he’d ever had about Stark. When he’d first learned how men lie with other men, he’d been appalled, but now he ached to know that pleasure for himself, to know what it was like to have Stark’s body moving against his own, inside of him. “And had sexual congress,” he continued, words coming out in a rush. He’d never confessed as much before, and behind him he heard Stark inhale sharply.
Stark’s insouciance towards the whole affair was making Steve angry.  “We should do something,” he said, pushing his plate away, the food on it mostly uneaten.
“Brother Grant!” Steve wiped an arm over his brow and lowered the axe as Brother Thibault waved to him from across the field. “It’s time for dinner. We have a special visitor, if you wish to wash up.”
“What were those people doing in your private chambers?” He demanded as ‘Jean-Paul’ closed the door behind him.
“Perhaps,” Tony said with a shrug, and he knew that Stane knew what he meant: maybe he did, maybe he didn’t, but it didn’t matter because he could if he really wanted to. A likely-looking boy and some forged paperwork, a few bribed witnesses, and a hidden Stark heir could be produced from nothing. “I wasn’t always in the church, you know.”  He took another sip of wine as the silence reigned, waiting for Stane’s next move.
“I have been speaking to innkeepers for the past two weeks of travel, and they all say that no one will buy my alcohol unless I get permission from this Iron Cardinal to sell it. I cannot tell if he must give it his blessing because distilled alcohol is
“Bucky!” Steve stopped in his tracks, feeling his face get hot, the blush crawling down his neck and chest. “That’s…you shouldn’t…”
“Dear God,” Steve whispered, feeling sick to his stomach as he realized how foolish he’d been. “If the King sent him here to look for me…”
Steve barked out a laugh. "You built an illicit criminal empire by
“You don’t believe me?” Stark affected a look of surprise. “Why not? What do you imagine we were doing in there?”
“Of course I never wore them,” Steve snapped. “He only did it to get under my skin.”
“I’ll go,” Edwin said. “You two look like you’ve been through hell, if you pardon my language,” he said bluntly. “Also, you’re two strangers, and you don’t need that kind of attention right now. I’ll take the pony and cart and be back soon with no questions asked.”
Suddenly there was a sharp smack and a flare of pain on his ass that made Steve’s breath hitch. “You take what your God gives you,” Stark reminded him, and Steve swallowed back a whimper.
“Tony’s home, Chateau d’Angers. You’re safe.” Steve reached for the water on the table and helped Bucky sit up enough to drink it.
“We are with some of Tony’s friends,” Steve said. “That is, Cardinal Stark,” he corrected. “You’re safe.”
“Why was Howard here at all? He’s usually in Paris this time of year.”
“Well aren’t we a pair,” Tony said, completely exhausted from the effort of feeding himself. He was in bed, propped up against his pillows while James was in a chair next to him, having made his way up from the infirmary to join him for dinner. The walk had taxed James's strength, and he was eating his own dinner with slow deliberation so his shaking hands wouldn't spill his food.
” Steve muttered, and followed Bucky out of the restaurant. Steve well remembered the meeting he’d had with the Grand Master regarding Cardinal Stark.
” he said.
“Before he was taken Grand Master Molay charged me with protecting the Temple’s relics.”  As they moved deeper into the keep, Steve could see that the order was in chaos; he overheard so many insane rumors – of the Grand Master himself being arrested, of Knights being pulled off their horses by angry mobs – that his head was spinning.  “I should have left immediately but I couldn’t let you get arrested.  Do you have someplace safe to go?”
In answer, Steve pulled the grail out of the bag that had been thrown over his shoulder, unwrapping it carefully from the silk as he let the bag fall to the floor. “Now what do I do?” he asked, turning it over in his hands. It was hard to believe this plain, simple peasant’s cup could have the powers Bucky said it did.
assistant?” The words came out a little sharper than he intended, but Stark only laughed.
“In a very good way.” Steve kissed him again, tilting his head to slant his mouth across Tony's, tongue darting out to run along his bottom lip. "I missed you."
“Forbidden,” Tony answered, and Sam looked at him sharply. Tony kept his face blank but cursed himself inwardly; a simple monk would not know Arabic. Natasha would be scolding him for his carelessness if she were here.
“Show me.”
"I missed you too," Tony said. Playing least in sight for the past two weeks had been impossibly dull, he was very ready to make a miraculous recovery from his extended illness.
Steve looked down at the Templar cross on his chest and felt a bolt of terror that this might be the last time he would ever wear the crest of his Order. He looked back up at Stark and he must have seen what he felt in his eyes because he came over and put his hands on Steve’s shoulders.
“In one of the cellars?”
Tony’s eyebrows flew up. “I’ve never seen this side of you, Brother Steve. I like it," he drawled. Natasha snorted while Steve’s cheeks grew ruddy, even though the determined look on his face never faded. Their food arrived and conversation died while they ate, and halfway through his stew Steve heard someone mention the Iron Cardinal. He raised his head, looking around in confusion, and realized that it had been the minstrel beginning a new song.
“We do it tonight, right?” Steve said, leaning forward. “It’s not going to get any easier if we wait.”
“I don’t know.”  Steve had to look away because the question stabbed right to the heart of his pain.  What will he do, where will he go, when the life that he’d made was crumbling before his eyes?  Was he still a Templar when the order no longer existed? Were he and his brothers being tested, like Job? The more he tried to pray for answers, the farther and farther he felt from God.
“It’s not like that,” Steve said softly. He kept his hand on Tony’s chest, feeling the beat of his heart, the rise and fall as he breathed. “’Beloved, let us love one another, for love is from God, and whoever loves has been born of God and knows God,’” he quoted. He’d had a long time to think while waiting for Tony, and there had been a small, worn Bible next to Bucky’s bed in the infirmary. As it had grown too dark to read, Steve had decided that Bucky was right; listening the Church was not the only way to live a righteous life. Tony was silent for too long, and when Steve looked up at his face, he saw that Tony’s eyes looked anguished. “What?”
Sam took a piece of silk and carefully wrapped it around the plain wooden cup. “These artifacts are best handled with the utmost care and respect. They have been touched by Allah.”
“I’ll be fine, really. Once…well, you know. This business with the relics is complete.”
Of all the answers Steve had imagined, that was not one of them. “Was that the mother of your child?” Steve blurted, wincing as soon as the words left his mouth.
“You only have yourself to blame for that one. Watch your ass, Cardinal,” Natasha said as she threw a leg over the windowsill.
“I’m fine,” Steve assured him. “Just tired.” During dinner, Stark made no indication that he knew Steve or had any particular business with him, so Steve assumed that he would find out the reason for Stark’s visit later, after everyone had said evening prayers and gone to bed.
Steve’s stomach dropped. “What? You don’t have–“ Steve stopped himself, obviously Bucky didn’t
“Sir Rodgers!” Stark said with every appearance of pleased surprise. “I did not realize you were acquainted with Sir Barnes.”
“Only the attractive ones,” Steve said, and was rewarded with a bark of laughter.
But once the heat of illicit arousal was gone, the sick feeling of guilt and shame set in, making Steve feel cold inside. He tucked himself back into his pants, wiped his hands on the grass with a grimace, and went back to running, keeping his head down to watch his footing; when it got too dark to see, he finally turned around and started the long walk back to town.
To Steve’s surprise, Tony came to the infirmary first thing in the morning, bearing breakfast and Bucky’s morning tisane, walking in just as Steve was helping Bucky sit up in bed. The effort left Bucky short of breath and lips tight with pain, and he gratefully drank the tisane as Steve held it up to his mouth.
“But won’t they come after us again once they realize they are forgeries?”
“Look, Steve,” Bucky said, wiping his eating knife on his handkerchief and putting both back in his pocket.  “People aren’t perfect. We make mistakes and we sin, and God knew that.  That’s why in His wisdom he told us that we may confess and repent so that one mistake won’t doom our immortal souls forever.  Right?” Steve nodded reluctantly, unable to argue with his logic. “So lighten up already and get over it.”
“Yes, Your Grace.” Belatedly, Steve remembered Stark’s instructions from last time and dropped to his knees. As a reward, Stark made a noise of approval and rested his hand on Steve’s head, fingers carding through his hair. Steve found himself starting to relax under the touch, letting out the breath he'd been unconsciously holding as fear bled away to leave only a trembling excitement in its wake. He was in Stark’s hands now and he knew Stark would give him what he needed.
"Well met, Brothers." Sam sheathed his scimitar as he eyed Tony and Steve warily, taking in their plain homespun robes and their high-quality swords. “Tell me, do all men of God in your country carry weapons?”
“No, nothing like that. Well, sort of.” Bucky sighed at let his head fall back against the headboard. “I had researched the relics when we first came to Paris, out of curiosity. The Templar’s records described the powers of the artifacts and even had signed testimonials attesting to their power, but I didn’t believe them, not really. But when I fled the city, they weren’t wrapped very tightly and one fell out of its wrappings when I stopped to camp. This one,” he said, pointing to the picture of a spearhead. “When I went to pick it up, the plants around it were withered and dead. I took off my shirt and used it to pick the relic up, and touched it against a small sapling.” He looked up to meet Tony’s eyes. “The leaves dried up and fell off the branches as I watched. In seconds, the whole thing was dead. That's when I realized that the legends were true. So the next time I went to town, I bought the stoutest box I could find and locked that evil thing away.”
Steve inhaled sharply. “Because
It was only the work of a moment before the hinges were out and Tony and Steve had to catch the heavy wooden door as it sagged to keep it from hitting the floor. They leaned it carefully against the wall, then Steve took the candle and headed into the cellar. “Bucky?” he whispered as he crept inside; the cellar was deep, and the front part was still piled over with bags of onions, potatoes, carrots, and who knew what else. But in the back a large space had been cleared away, and after a moment the flickering candlelight revealed dark haired man slumped against the wall, hands chained above his head.
“Poor dear,” Ana said sympathetically as he came into the kitchen. “Did he have a rough night?”
“That's not very Christian of you, Cardinal. An eye for an eye leaves every man blind,” Stane admonished him with a smile still on his face. “Besides, you can't defeat the Hydra. If you cut one of us down, two more shall rise, and the people you care about will be the ones to pay the price."
The mention of Tony snapped Steve out of his bemusement and he looked down at the chest. Nestled in sturdy silk were the relics, easily recognizable from the sketches Steve had seen. From Bucky’s awed reverence whenever he spoke of them, he expected that being in their presence would feel different, somehow remarkable, but instead they looked banal. He started to reach in but Natasha grabbed his wrist. “What’s wrong with Tony?” she asked, and Steve didn’t even question how she knew.
“Please, call me Tony,” he said as he pulled up a chair next to the bed. Steve sliced an apple and offered him one, but Tony waved it away with a shake of his head. “How are you feeling?” He asked instead, studying the still purple bruises on Bucky’s face.
“Does the message say anything else? Was he alone when he died?” Tony asked instead of answering.
“I will help you get your…
How?"
Now the amiable façade gave way to a narrow-eyed look of calculation. “
“But Bucky is the one who sent this guy-”
“What’s this?” Tony forced himself to say lightly, tapping the seal. “I don’t recognize that as being one of yours.”
Steve was silent for a while, trying to understand how that could be true. “How?” he finally asked. “What could the King do with them that is so dire?”
sinner?"
Tony studied it for a moment, trying to figure out what it was. “Brother Steve, have you ever seen this symbol before?” He passed the crude sketch over and Steve frowned as he studied it.
Steve frowned slightly as he thought about it, and eventually said, “I’m not sure, but I think I know what you mean.” As Tony turned his gaze back to the fire, Steve thought about everything Tony had ever said about his father, which was, admittedly, not much. “Do you want to tell me about him?”
“No, I mean why do you spend so much time and effort to learn about things like forks from Italy and wine presses and vertical windmills?”
“You’re so…” Steve felt the strong need to go take a walk to get a grip on the strength of the feelings making his chest feel tight, but he was also rooted to the floor as Tony lifted his chin.
artifacts as we reconsecrated the fortress.”
Tony barely resisted the impulse to sigh again. "I'm fine," he said shortly. He really should warn Steve about the family drama that he was about to walk into, but the last thing Tony felt like doing right now was talking about his father.
Tony, of course, was the one who realized what he meant first. “You’re talking about forgeries,” he breathed, face lighting up as he picked up the piece of paper to look at the pictures of the relics again. “Of course! I could kiss you, that’s brilliant.”
have an- impossible,” he sputtered. “No child you sired while in the Church could possibly inherit.”
“A bit of business,” Tony said. “I’m going to need some privacy tonight, but before we leave tomorrow, I am going to need you to help me get one of those mead barrels off the wagon.”
Their luck finally ran out as they were heading for the bailey; a servant came out of one of the rooms heading for the garderobe, and the light from his candle lit up the whole guilty-looking lot of them. He gave a shout of surprise before Tony could silence him, and the shout roused the other sleepers in the servants’ quarters. Tony shoved the shouter back into the room and slammed the door closed, putting his back against it as they started pounding on it. “Run,” he said. “I’ll hold the door as long as possible.”
“But a bunch of people kept insisting that he was real. Then it seemed like I saw evidence of him everywhere. But I don’t think anyone would have guessed that the Iron Cardinal was an actual Cardinal - rumor was that he was called that because his clothes were constantly red from the blood of his enemies.”
life you would do that for, or are you too self-centered to care that much for someone else?”
As Tony went up to his rooms - not the Duke's rooms, he couldn't handle
“I’m sure now that Tony is feeling better, Steve will make sure he’s on his knees praying for something all night,” James said, and Tony could feel Natasha’s shoulders shaking with laughter as Steve turned bright red but didn’t deny it.
” he growled.
was supposed to be safe; he felt like he was freefalling, like the ground beneath his feet had become thin air.  Besides Bucky, he didn’t even know anyone else in Paris – “Cardinal Stark,” he said without thinking.
The problem with this plan, Steve realized as he left the small town behind and started passing through farmland, is that it left him entirely too much time to think. The sun got low in the sky and Steve thought about Tony lighting candles for his mysterious lover. He wondered if it was a man or a woman, and for reasons he shied away from thinking about, he hoped it was a woman. He tried to focus on the run, the air in his lungs and the ground under his feet, but as the sky darkened he couldn’t help but wonder what Tony was doing. In the few times that he’d waited for Bucky while he gave in to the temptations of the flesh, he’d only waited for half an hour before Bucky returned, looking smug. What was Tony going to do for
Steve held his breath as Tony studied him. “’All my youth, I have loved, often,’” Tony recited softly after a long moment. “’Long loved and keenly yearned, and it hast cost me dearly.’”
– him perhaps twice a year for Easter and Christmas services at Notre Dame. So why do I feel…” Tony pressed a hand against his sternum, then sighed and let his head fall back against the chair. Steve had no idea how to answer that, but thankfully it seemed like an answer wasn’t required. Tony turned his head and met Steve’s eyes. “Have you ever been pulling so hard against something that when it finally gives way, you fall flat on your face?”
“It was the relic,” Steve said, smiling faintly when Tony made a face. “Bucky was right. The grail, at least, can perform miracles. It healed you and Bucky both.”
“And the relics?” Bucky said after he downed half the cup. He was eyeing the food that the nurse had brought, so Steve set the cup down and picked up the plate.
Here it was, why Stane was really here. “What’s that?” Tony said warily, caught off guard by how quickly Stane was ready to give up on the idea of having a dukedom.
They made it back to their horses, hidden in the closest copse of trees, without raising any new alarms. Barnes had woken briefly as they’d tried to situate him on the horse, and Steve had been forced to put a hand over his mouth to stifle his screams of pain before he passed out again. Eventually they tied him to Steve’s back, wrapping his arms around Steve’s middle before lashing his hands to the pommel of the saddle.  Tony prayed again, this time that Barnes would survive the race to Tony’s estate two days away, and then they kicked their horses into a run.
“I know, I know,” Steve said soothingly, hoping Bucky didn’t injure himself. “Tony told me how important they are.”
?” Steve watched but couldn’t see how Stark’s two-pronged utensil was any better than everyone else’s sharpened wood or metal spears.
“Already? I thought…” Steve shook his head and sighed. Last night, in the dark hours of morning as he sat vigil over Bucky, he had decided wanted to start helping, to stop being a burden that Tony dragged across the kingdom while trying to take care of Bucky and relocate the relics, but he could hardly do that if Tony insisted on making all the decisions by himself. “I’m sure it’s for the best,” he said instead. “I would have helped, though.”
I knew Stark wasn’t going to get through this dinner without doing something outrageous. He can’t stand not to be the center of attention.”
“Noooo,” Tony mourned softly, banging his head gently against Sister Virginia’s shoulder as she patted him gently on the back. “I don’t want to go.”
“Fuck you, Stane,” Tony said, curling his lip. “You can cut the shit. I’ve got what you want. Bring him in,” he called out, and on cue his men dragged Steve in, filthy and covered in blood. As he hung limply in the arms of the soldiers, Tony fisted a hand in Steve’s hair and dragged his head up so Stane could see his face. “This is the one you were looking for, Sir Steve Rodgers. We left his face mostly untouched so you could see it was the right man. You were right, after all,” Tony said, letting Steve’s head fall back down. At a gesture from Tony, the soldiers dropped him and left him lying limp on the floor. “He trusted me enough to come running when I said I knew where his friend was.”
“Are you injured?” Steve asked the stranger, turning away. Tony blinked and shook himself, then went to stand guard over the captives, still dazed by his sudden very real desire to kiss Steve senseless.
“He didn’t say his name,” the man whispered back.  “He just said, ‘go to Notre Dame, find the big blonde guy with shoulders for miles and tell him ‘don’t do anything stupid until I get back’.’”
"I guess I'll have to lay low for a little while," Tony said ruefully. He looked down at his hands, opening and closing them. "I mean, I feel even better than when I got sick. I'll close up the house here and go back to Paris. It will be easier to hide there than here, and we will just tell everyone to say I'm still sick."
“You think I should go with him? For the love of God, why?” Tony pressed his fingers to his temples.  His conversation with Rodgers had left him with a headache and a heavy heart, but his sympathy for Rodger’s pain wouldn’t last long if he started in with his moralizing when Tony wasn’t in the mood.
“Right,” Tony said with a nod, and stared down at the clothes he discarded as if wondering what they were doing on the floor, then stooped over to pick them up as Steve passed him to go to the bedroom.
“That could mean
“Tell me these are safe,” Bucky demanded. The paper was shaking in his hands. “Tell me you know exactly where they are, and they are safely under lock and key.”
“Care to wager on that?” Tony raised an eyebrow. “I think you and I both know that an exception to the rules can always be made for the right price.”
“Not Paris, the Templars. The entire order is under attack,” Bucky said, voice grim.  “The King has turned against us, and scores of knights are being arrested all across the country.”
“What’s wrong?”
With shaking hands Steve pulled his tunic over his head, then stood to strip off his leggings and braes. The way Stark’s gaze lingered on his body made Steve flush, and his cock, already thickening, grew even harder. He wanted to touch himself as he had last time, remembered how Stark had watched, but he hadn’t been told to do that so instead he knelt again, the carpet slightly rough against his knees.
But Tony saw his glance and suddenly smiled. “Is it the bed? I suppose this is our first night in a room together,” he mused. “But we are just two men of the cloth sharing a bed out of necessity. Nothing scandalous about that, right?”
Tony huffed in amusement. “Something like that.”
Steve’s throat closed and he let out a shuddering breath.  That was Bucky, alright.  He started to chide the man for taking the risk of coming up to a stranger with so little description to guide him, but when he looked around he realized sheepishly that he was easily the largest man in the cathedral and that he was also the only man with yellow hair.  “Right,” he said. “Come with me.”  They stayed there for a few more moments, during which Steve sent up a quick prayer for guidance, then he led the man to his room.  “Stay here,” he ordered.  “I’ll return shortly.”
“That’s what I was afraid of.”  Tony rubbed his eyes. “What now?”
“Just take care of yourself,” she said, squeezing him tightly before releasing him. “If Rodgers hurts you, he’ll be feeding the ravens before nightfall.”
Bucky’s raised his eyebrows for a moment and then he shook his head. “And let me guess, you shoved them under your bed and never wore them?”
Steve almost dropped the bowl of potatoes when Stark’s smiling eyes met his across the table. “Well met, Brother Eduard,” Steve managed around his surprise. Not only was Stark not wearing his crimson robes of office, but he had also cut his hair, eschewing the longer curls favored by the court for a simpler, shorter style. Seeing Stark wearing the plain brown robes of a simple monk did something strange to Steve; his stomach turned over, his heart thumped painfully in his chest and he felt ill at ease, almost nervous. So instead of participating in the lively conversation he kept his head down and focused on his food, trying to figure out why a change of clothes seemed to make such a difference.
“Enough, Tony." It was already going to be hard enough to sleep in this bed while trying not to think about what Tony had just done in it, he didn’t need his teasing on top of it.
“Natasha says she’s done with the first set of forgeries,” Tony said. “With one set done, the rest should be faster and easier to make.” Tony’s network had been scrambling to lay the groundwork for the discoveries; the harder the agents of the king, church, and Hydra worked to find the relics, the more convinced they would be that theirs were the real ones and the others were fakes. If the stakes were different Tony would actually be amused at the thought of agents racing across France following an increasingly obscure set of clues until they found the carefully hidden but not
“They can perform miracles,” Bucky said, and even though Steve knew that there was no way that Tony believed that, there wasn’t even a flicker of doubt or skepticism in his expression as he kept his gaze on Bucky. “This one,” he said, pointing to the grail, “heals. This one kills.” He went down the list, naming the powers that he’d described to Steve until he got to the bottom one, which was a coil of rope. “This one didn’t do anything, though,” he said. “Not that I could tell, at least. “
“Thank you,” Steve said, rising as well.  His words felt inadequate in the face of this disaster, nor could they truly express the relief he felt when he realized that though he was spinning like a compass without true north, Stark somehow knew exactly what to do.
“Lord Stane,” Tony managed after a moment, hoping that his panic wasn't showing on his face, acutely aware of everyone's eyes on him. He couldn’t think of what to say; his thoughts spun crazily between
“A serious sin indeed,” Stark said thoughtfully and cracked the whip once, a threat and a promise. “But you’ll need to be more specific, if you want your absolution.”
“And through me, his servant, the Lord may consecrate the resolution you have formed in your heart.” He released his grip on Steve’s hair and took a step back. Steve’s gaze fell down Stark’s body where his fine robes did little to conceal his arousal. Steve felt a thrill at that, at the evidence that Stark took as much pleasure in this as he did, and longed for the weight of that arousal on his tongue again. “But first, if you truly wish to give yourself fully, your body should be as bare as your soul. There are no secrets from God.”
the relics. “You don’t know where the relics are?”
Steve blinked, surprised at the vehemence in Bucky’s voice. “You sound…
Tony snorted. "Well, my father is definitely why I joined the church," Tony said, lip curling. But Steve had a point. Tony had clawed his way to the top of the Church so that his father had to choke on his success, visibly gloating every time his father had to kiss his ring when he attended services at Notre Dame. An entirely unchristian sentiment, Tony knew, but he never claimed to be a good Christian.
He slowed and came to a halt in the middle of the road, heart racing less from the exercise than the turn of his thoughts. He raked his fingers across his scalp, hoping the sting would distract him, but finally a groan, he gave in and stepped off the road in search of privacy.  Finding a small stand of trees, he fumbled with his robe and unfastened his braes, pulling out his erection. He was guiltily aware that he was barely hidden from the road, braced against a tree with his breath was sawing roughly in and out of his lungs as he stroked himself, but he was already too far gone to stop. He closed his eyes and bit back a curse at the toe-curling pleasure as he took himself in hand. He imagined going back to the inn and finding Tony still lounging in tangled sheets, eyes heavy-lidded.
Steve huffed.  “I don’t think God meant confession to be for people to sin
, Tony said. Steve liked the sound of that a bit more than he should. He scrubbed his hands over his face and tried to force the feeling away. “People like Thomas? Your robber turned smuggler?”
“You said that the relics could give their owner the kind of power to change the future of Christiandom,” Steve said. He felt like he was watching himself, horrified by the bilious spite spilling from him but unable to stop. “Do you want them for yourself? Is that it?”
“Not like that.” When Tony arched his brow and gave him a pointed look, Steve flushed and amended, “Not
After a moment there was a rap at the door. “Tony?”
Tony made a face; that should have occurred to him, too. He’d played in Stane’s dungeon often as a child while his father and Lord Stane had business meetings in his study two floors above. “So what did you find?”
“You have a number of estates he could go to,” Sister Virginia suggested. “Or any number of monasteries, or-“
“Yes,” Steve gasped. “Oh, God, yes.” Stark was a thick, overwhelming presence inside him, driving all other thoughts away; the hand in his hair disappeared, letting him drop his head back between his arms, then appeared again as a loose grip around his cock. As Stark pulled out almost all the way, then pressed in again, his hand squeezed and stroked, drawing out drops of wetness and smoothing them over the straining thickness of Steve’s shaft. As Steve relaxed, Stark’s thrusts became smoother and harder; a nudge against Steve’s knees made him spread his legs wider, then a hand on the small of his back made him shift his position, and suddenly Stark’s thrusts were sending sparks up his spine to burst behind his eyelids.
There was another chair next to the fireplace, so Steve pulled it a little closer and sat down. Now that he was closer, he could see that Tony’s hair was tousled and his eyes were dry but red, mouth tight in the corners. He was wearing the silks and satins of a nobleman, but right now they were wrinkled and askew. “And Stane? Is he still here?”
“So you eliminate them. Or rather, have the King eliminate them.” Natasha bit her lip and her eyebrows drew together in concentration. “Stane probably expected some sort of reward for his involvement – at the very least, he’d be able to talk his way into accessing the relics. But then Barnes runs off with them-”
James frowned as he considered the question. “You mean, what if the grail only heals some people? Like it chooses who to heal?”
“You should ask that again, but in front of Natasha,” he said, flicking the reins and clicking his tongue at the draft horse pulling the wagon, who flicked its ears backwards and started stepping a little livelier. “I’ll be sure to be standing a few feet away, just in case.” He gave Steve a wry glance. “It may be hard to believe, but I haven’t actually slept with every person in Paris.”
“Hell yes, I’m angry! We – the Templars, I mean, but also you and I – served the Church faithfully and then one day it destroys us, calling us heretics and scattering us to the four winds, torturing us and burning us at the stake, and why?
“Did you hear me?”
“He said he doesn’t know where the relics are, but he knows how to find them. His friend left him a map and clues, things that only a Templar would know.” Tony tapped the page, which had a map on one side and a series of notes on the other. “This is everything anyone would need to find the relics. Believe me, I made sure this one told me everything ”
“One moment and I’ll explain.”  As he walked by Steve to ring the bell for Brother Peter, Stark shoved Steve down into a chair with surprising strength. “Stay.”  Outside the door, Steve heard Stark give Brother Peter instructions to have Sister Natasha keep an eye on the man in Steve’s room and try to get as much information as she could without giving anything away.
” Steve said with a glare. “Pompous? Really?”
And Steve would go, taking off his clothes and letting Tony pull him into bed.  Tony would press him back against the sheets, hands roaming over his chest, skimming his shoulders, gripping the back of his neck with one hand while the other slid down Steve's stomach and up his thighs, teasing.
“Good, good. Don’t know why I thought it might be a problem. It’s not like we haven’t both taken vows of chastity.”
“You’re welcome,” Stark said. “Now rest. Or pray, whatever. If that doesn’t work, I have some aqua vitae in the cabinet over there.”  He started to shut the door to his bedroom to get dressed but paused.  “And, for the present, you might want to change your clothes,” he added, not unsympathetically. “There’s enough of a risk that people might recognize you, there’s no need to walk around with a target on you.”
“What?” Tony said defensively. He smoothed a hand over the robes self-consciously. “People might be looking for a pair of monks that ran hell for leather from Chatellerault, I thought we should change.”
“There’s been a terrible accident, Your Grace,” he said with a deep bow. “The Duke- ”
With another dubious look, Natasha thankfully dropped the subject. Looking over the shoulder at the barn, she pulled Tony inside the farmhouse. “Did you know Lord Stane, Vicomte de Chatellerault,  has recently been paying his respects to King Phillipe?”
Tony stood more slowly as Steve disappeared inside, knowing that Steve would want a few minutes alone with his friend. “Is he going to be okay?” he asked quietly, concerned by the shadow of worry in Ana’s eyes.
Stark made soothing sounds as he urged Steve to let go, then he knelt in front of him. A hand on the back of Steve’s neck urged him to rest his forehead on Stark’s shoulder, and the other hand wrapped around Steve’s cock. Stark’s hand felt hot but his rings of office were cold, and the contrast made Steve inhale sharply. The steady stream of fluid coming from Steve’s cock was more than enough to slick his grip, and it felt so good that Steve tightened his jaw until his teeth ached to keep from finishing too quickly. “The next time you come to me, we will see how sinful your fantasy is in reality,” Stark said in Steve’s ear as he stroked, voice dark with promise. “Then I can make a proper decision how much penance such a sin would require.”
“I see that, but
“I do.” When Steve got to the far wall with his pacing and turned around, he realized Bucky was studying him. “What?”
“Don’t you dare,” Tony said, gripping the arms of his chair tight and trying not to panic. Ana would easily recognize the signs of poison. “Do not bring them into this mess, it’s too dangerous.”
“I, uh,” Stark cleared his throat. “I didn’t give myself that name, you know. It’s kind of silly, I guess, but people…I think it was Sister Natasha’s idea, and she listens to
“Follow me,” Tony whispered, voice almost noiseless. They removed their shoes so they wouldn’t be heard as they crept through the dark corridors, having wrapped their weapons in cloth to dampen all noise. Tony led them by memory and prayed that Stane hadn’t done any redecorating since the last time they’d been here, feeling their way around furniture and through doorways that were barely discernible patches of black on black. It wasn’t until they were approaching the cellars, when the light from outside vanished completely, that Tony took the risk of lighting a candle.
Dragging his hands from his aching erection felt like one of the hardest things he’d ever done, but somehow he managed, bringing them to his thighs and tightening them into fists against the urge to touch himself again. Stark was waiting expectantly, fingers drumming on the curve of his shoulder, so Steve struggled to say, “Thank you, Your Grace.”
“Yes,” Steve whispered, and then there was another crack followed by a white-hot flare of pain. Steve’s breath caught on a cry, more from surprise than pain, and his cock pulsed, his braes growing damp.
and I thought it must be a sin because I wanted you so badly. And it was easier to blame you than blame myself, so I took it out on you, and hurt you, and
“If I’m to call you Tony, then I suppose you should call me Steve.” The invitation to call Stark
Tony studied Stane thoughtfully over the rim of his wine glass as he took another sip. “And what if I told you I had an heir?”
“Good,” Tony said eventually, pushing away from the table to stand. “I need to prepare, so if you need anything from the room, just knock first.”
Stark must have caught them looking because he held up the utensil as if surprised by their curiosity, pretending to be unaware that the whole table was staring. “This is a fork,” he explained, and there were low murmurs of interest from the table. “My mother’s family is from Italy, and a distant cousin sent it to me. Isn’t it interesting?” Someone asked a question about it, drawing Stark’s attention away, and Steve rolled his eyes and turned his attention back to his food.
It was another couple of days before Tony got the message that everything was in place, and by then he was so weak that his hands shook as he unrolled the tiny scroll that had been fastened to a pigeon's leg. It had been nine days since his meeting with Stane and Tony was barely holding it together. At this point, only his force of will was keeping him going, sending him staggering from bed to desk every day as he used every weapon in his arsenal to foil Stane’s plans.
At that, Steve pushed himself to standing and crossed the study in two long strides to study Tony with terrified fury. “
“And I’m here, aren’t I? I even have all of the letters of introductions your Grand Master requested.”  Steve heard papers being shuffled and tapped crisply on the desk and turned around. Despite his state of dishabille, now Stark was all business.  “He also asked for some investment advice, which I wrote up for him but would be more than happy to review for you in case he has any questions.”
“Obadiah?” Tony repeated in surprise. “I knew he’d been at court for some time, but not why."
“You unmitigated bastard,” Tony snarled. “Tell me why I shouldn’t order you killed where you stand.” He reached for the bell to ring for his guards, but it wasn't in its usual place; seeing Stane's smirk, he followed Stane's gaze to where the bell was on the mantel, impossibly far away.
He was just about to ask Steve to take over driving when he felt the man’s hand on his arm. “Do you hear that?” Steve asked intently, staring ahead with his brow furrowed.
, too, which was a feeling he hadn’t had for far too long. He swung his legs over the side of the bed and stood, waiting for the dizziness to come but it never did. He was staring at his feet, contemplating actually jumping for joy, when the door to his room swung open.
"I look forward to it," Steve said softly, and Tony just hunched his shoulders and didn't respond.
“Seriously?” Steve hissed to Brother Peter.  The compartment looked like he would barely fit inside.
“Sure,” Steve said shortly, turning back to his work.
He looked up to see Stane’s reaction and saw with satisfaction that the man was speechless. “
slid inside him with a flare of sensation that sent sparks flying in Steve’s head, a vague feeling of wrongness twisted up with the deep satisfaction of a scratched itch or hunger sated.  Steve wanted to pull away and press into it at the same time and managed to keep still by the barest margin. As Stark’s finger withdrew then pressed in again, deeper each time, Steve set his teeth into his wrist, the sting of it grounding him as he felt like he was going to fly apart. He was so focused on the pleasure coming from his ass that when fingers circled his aching cock he jerked and made a strangled sound deep in his chest. As Stark stroked his cock with one hand, his finger curled as it pressed in, sending more bursts of sensation rocketing through Steve’s body. Steve’s hands were fisted in the pillow as he panted, breath rasping in his lungs with each breath, hitching, desperate sounds. He wished he could see Stark, wanted to see the dark, hungry look on his face again; was Stark watching where his finger was disappearing into Steve’s body, ready for his cock to be in its place? Did he enjoy seeing Steve fall to pieces in front of him so wantonly?
The quality of the silence changed, and Steve could tell that he had offended him. The silence went on for so long that Steve started to apologize, but Stark stood suddenly before he could speak, making the candle flame dance. “I’ve spent too long ministering to the poor, the sick, and the injured, to not care how their lives will be affected by war,” he said bitingly as he moved towards the door.
“You must have had an appointment with Sir Rodgers today,” Sister Virginia commented from the doorway shortly after Sir Rodgers had left.  As always, her habit and wimple were immaculately clean and pressed, somehow still crisp even though it was already past midday.
“Tell me.”
“You too, Steve.  Don’t do anything stupid until I get back,” he ordered, and then he was gone. The sound of battle was starting to ring out on the other side of the Castle, so Steve climbed onto his own horse and turned its head towards the servant’s entrance, forcing himself to not look back as he raced to Starks’ church, his horse’s hooves clattering on the cobblestones.  People were just starting to make their way out onto the streets as Steve reached the church.  He led his horse to his usual box in Stark’s stable, leaving the saddle on with a murmured apology and a pat on the nose until he knew for sure that Stark would offer him sanctuary.   For once, he couldn’t muster up too much disapproval at Stark’s penchant for taking lovers because the back hallways of the church were always deserted this early in the morning, the better to keep prying eyes from knowing too much about Stark’s barely secret affairs.
STEVE: I will, as soon as I can.
Thanks for coming today. Sorry we didn't get to talk, but you know. Guards.
Rogers is now being held in a maximum security prison in an undisclosed location. However, after substantial damage was caused to the Negative Zone prison by anti-registration rebels assisting their comrades to escape, it is believed Rogers' prison is an earthly one. Rogers was arrested on the basis of failing to register superhuman abilities, but is expected to face numerous charges when he comes to trial. These are likely to include inciting civil and political unrest, causing public disturbances, reckless endangerment of life, property damage, organising an illegal militia and, potentially, multiple assault charges from other superhumans.
About Cap. I wasn't really being fair before. I think he misses you, he just says Flash needs a good role model and blah blah blah. Don't worry, Pietro is giving him super-speed wedgies whenever Steve leaves them unsupervised.
So did Mr Totally-sincere tell you what he did with Harry after the deal fell through? Or did he conveniently omit that part?
JARV won’t let me dictate so I’m writing by hand and now my hand hurts so basically STOP FALLING FOR LOKI’S TRICKS YOU DAFT GENIUS
Natasha
As for Mr Osbourn? Well he doesn't have a whole alien army, nor does he know I'm Spiderman, so i'm pretty confident I could take him if he tried to attack me.
I'm also friends with a girl named Gwen Stacey, who you might have picked up in your head hunting. She is really smart and I know she is thinking of applying for Oxford. She is really pretty too, and kind. Her dad is Captain of the police force.
As for Spiderman, can’t you put in a good word or something. Say ‘I know Iron Man and he’s totally rad’ or something. It seems suspicious to me. Tread cautiously.
Dear Nattie,
Here, i've included some pictures to get you in the mood <3
Natasha.
I don't object to having a lawyer, I just don't want to be let off on a technicality or wiggle out through some loop hole. Not everyone can afford fancy lawyers, you know, and the whole thing can turn corrupt. Any lawyer fighting for me has to fight fair. We have to have faith that justice will be served. If I'm innocent of wrong doing, I'll go free, that's the only hope I have left.
So anyway, Harry was on Asgard. He has been threatening to reveal my identity, so Loki thought it was best to put him somewhere he couldn't do any damage.
Penny,
I've lived with Aunt May since I was 7. She knows about the letters, she is fine with them, but I think she worries a little.
If you won’t go to Xavier, how about letting Cap train you at the tower while you’re interning?
I don't think they're going to arrest me. I'm not sure they could if they tried, but you might have a point about them wanting to make an example out of me. The thing is, I have to risk it. You know if I give in and register under the act as it is, it'll totally undermine any calls for reform.
Steve xxx
Anyway, what matters now is what you do to fix things. What sort of place is this city going to be without its ‘friendly neighbourhood Spiderman’? There will be a lot fewer bad puns, that’s for sure.
Although... we seem to be past that now, at least. Maybe it's time I sent this and came in there. I'm gonna prove to you that one of me is all you need.
You admire me?
As for the clone, let's go to Shield and shut it down once and for all. Let's go together and get it done. We owe that to Thor.
P.S. You can date anyone in the world except those two.
Grey (left hand side)- Penny
I think we should leave them too it. Now I've calmed down I don't feel like dignifying the idiot with a response.
Penny,
?'. Or someone corrupt gets into power, decides to go and tell the Kingpin where he can get his hands on the list. There are so many ways this can go wrong, Natasha.
ANNOUNCEMENT: As you may have worked out, this story is now drawing to a close :( We've have a lot of fun writing it and we'd like to thank everyone who has stuck with us this far! To wrap up, the next update will be on Saturday as usual, but then starting Monday there will be daily updates until the fic is over.
Look, I guess if I'm honest... I didn't like us having different last names. I understood your reasons for it, and they were way better than 'I want us to sound like a family', so I tried not to make anything out of it, but it bothered me a little. I never doubted your commitment or anything like that, so honestly wanting you to have my last name just made me feel petty. But you know, you said to me at the time I could take yours, I pretended I thought you were joking and, well, I guess there was more than a little pride involved. I should have just changed it when we first got married. I'm sorry I didn't. I love you, and I'm proud to take your name. Though realising I have the same name as your dad now is kind of uncomfortable and I wish you had never pointed it out, especially when I was trying to be romantic and all.
Aunt May is feeling better by the way, but she doesn't want to stay here any more. She is going to stay with Aunt June for a while until the house is 'safe'. Aunt June lives in Florida so it'll be a nice holiday for her.
People are going to vote for the SHRA just because of this, aren't they?
How are things in New York?
Still, though. I'll be honest, it's a little harder to believe in the justice of an American jury lately. They probably all still think I'm an anti-democracy, wife-beating lowlife. The public still can't see that this act is wrong. I guess until now I thought good always won in the end. Or maybe I'm just on the wrong side. I never thought I'd walk out on you for months, or say 'no' when the people I'm supposed to serve say 'yes'. I never thought I'd actually want to kill someone. It was always necessity, self-defence. But I'm telling you now, if Sin was in front of me, I'd kill her with my bare hands and enjoy it. It kind of scares me.
James is fine. His rib has healed, so he is healthy and happy, and sleeping in the day instead of at night like he is supposed to, so i'm rather tried... I've also run those test we talked about. You were right, he definitely takes after his father.
I can't let this happen, Nattie. I'm sorry. I have to fight this. I don't know how or what I'm going to do, but I don't think I can come home yet. I'm sorry.
To everyone who came up with such smart explanations and theories, I apologise. We must seem like the trolliest trolls, but ah well.  The real reason for the letter is that Tony is kind of a lying asshole. >.
Don't underestimate Sin, she won't work logically. We might be better off chasing down whoever she got to hypnotise you. Be careful though, Nattie. The mine was obviously a trap but we still don't know what triggered the cave in and it could have been that they used you. And, depending on how it works, if they can read your mind or not, they might well know I'm alive and what you are doing to try and find James.
I was going to go and say my piece but the comments have already turned into a flame war. At least the feminists have my back.
Dear Penny,
He just wanted me to pass on his thanks to Spiderman, then started asking me about my photos. I think he is hoping he can trick me into revealing Spiderman's identity, but don't worry I won't let that happen.
You know I think people might question if we have really broken up now that you have changed your name. But it was a sweet gesture <3 (Though calling you Mr Stark makes you sound like my Dad so i'm not going to do that again O_o)
Okay, so, this is a classic case of Steve-sappy-Rogers taking something too far. The thing is, I kind of told him you were dying. I know that sounds bad, but we agreed we weren’t going to tell anyone about me and your mom so when I was trying to persuade him to do the 'Suck What/Who's Dick' recording at first I just said you were going to intern for me but I could see that wasn’t going to take so I might have implied-
You realise if you don’t go to prom now, people will say it’s because of me, right? And Steve would totally keep you safe from any pranks, just saying.
Penny
Are the steel shutters really necessary? Aunt May is freaking out and I'm not able to lie right now!
Look, kid, try to make up with your aunt a little. I agree, she was stupid to move you out to Florida. But she's basically the only family you have and you love her, so don't let a fight get in the way. Besides, she's more likely to let you come home if you're reasonable.
Penny.
Go Fuck yourself.
A camera sounds good. I’m working on improving the camera on the next Stark phone, I want it to be better than professional. Maybe I’ll get you to test it when the prototype is ready. Always looking for intelligent feedback. And hey, don’t sniff at science fairs. We all have to start somewhere, I started on the contest circuit too. It was a good way to pitch and test ideas and inventions without the associated risk or cost of an actual product launch. What’s your science, anyway? Honestly, I’m probably more of an engineer/inventor/mechanic/mad scientist, if I’m honest. I’m 1% inspired and 99% caffeinated.
I'm sorry. I tried, but I guess I lose this time.
Honestly I'm not sure how many of them really believe in the cause, and how many just want to get their voting numbers up. Not that it really matters why they are there, as long as they vote for my side when it comes too it.
Fine, i'll be nice to the assholes taking kids hostage. Don't want to upset the press. Not like they've ever needed an excuse to bad mouth me before.
Anyway, I start my new school tomorrow, wish me luck.
And I hereby volunteer Steve to be your prom date. Just for one night only, mind you. Don’t go getting ideas :P
Just so you know, it really doesn't matter that you are covering your face when I can recognise your ass from a mile away.
P.S Was seeing him as Cap weird for you? Because it was freaking weird for me...
Your aunt is back from Florida and wants you to go home as soon as you’re well. I tried telling her it wouldn’t be safe, but she’s pretty adamant you’ve only been in danger since you came here. Anyway, she’s your legal guardian so there’s not much any of us can do about it.
The second cheque, of $50,000 is intended for your personal use as a gesture of goodwill.
Jarvis can handle it. All he really needs to do is put a play list together and order some drinks and snacks. Nothing he can’t manage. But thanks.
What's more, it seems that several weeks before the difficulties reached a climax, Rogers changed his name via deed poll and is now, legally, known as Steven Stark. Some are now suggesting that this escape was motivated by his desire to return to his wife. It is understood that the police are now attempting to locate and contact Ms Stark for routine questioning.
As far as I know, Flame boy is stable. I think people forget that when he isn't on fire, he is basically just a normal guy. He'll probably be up and around in no time, but Sue is freaked out. I think she is getting some extra security for the kids, though I doubt anyone would be stupid enough to try anything.
Natasha xxx
Get in touch with Murdock. Maybe Jen too. She might have been on your side in the war but I bet she thinks the sentences are too harsh as well.
Prom is on Friday? Damn. I think we could be out here a couple of weeks. Take pictures, anyway. And I left Pepper with instructions to fix you up with a dress. Don’t try to fight her, she’s ruthlessly efficient. And yeah, there probably will be paps there, so at least get Happy to drive you.
EDIT: As of July 2017, Photobucket will no longer allow images to be embedded into 3rd party websites without paying a large subscription fee. As such, we are doing our best to replace all text message chapters with normal text as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience, and just pretend the text below is a nice picture of Tony's Starkphone screen.
You are gay? Okay..well that's cool. Sorry I didn't work it out before.
Also be on the watch for Loki, who is apparently a twelve year old now and super trustworthy (not). My life is nuts. Anyway, word is he’s goofing off with Hawkeye Jr and her band of ragtags. Anyway, you can bet it’s a scheme, so be on the guard against Asgardians bearing gifts. Given the whole teen-hero thing, he might try to recruit you into whatever he’s forcing on them.
Can you believe, they even asked me about it at the forum at the University last night? They asked me if I wanted kids, if you wanted kids, why we hadn't had them and all sorts of really personal stuff. That was the professional journalists, too. The kids enrolled there were asking sensible questions. Still, I think I have the student vote, sorry :P I kind of wish I'd been able to get Spiderman to come back me up, but I haven't seen him around lately. Let me know if you see him out patrolling or whatever, okay? I just want to check he's still alive.
Okay, honestly, I don't like the idea of psychologists or therapy or any of it. I feel like we should be able to sort ourselves out. But I don't know, you seem to rate therapy in general (recent events aside) and Sam seems to think it'll help and I just want things to be right between us, no matter what we have to do.
Steve xxx
Natasha.
Tony,
I'll come pick you up in a little while. I've moved most of our stuff in, but it is still in boxes. Un-packing can be your punishment for getting yourself put in prison.
P.S or she just liked your butt more than mine :P
Penny
I've sent the police on a goose chase down to Jersey, so we can have a little family time before you hand yourself in.
Steve xxxxxx
But don't worry, I'm going to fix you. I know someone who thinks they can help. Everything is going to be fine.
Steve,
I'll be fine! I have Dum-ee and Jarvis, plus now I can stay in the lab as long as I want without a certain someone nagging me to go to sleep.
Also why bother asking me to pick an outfit when you were just gonna get a stylist in?
Speaking of kids, that is the problem with having them on your team, their minds are too easy to change :P. This is why I got a load of old politicians on my side, they are all set in their ways, much harder to influence.
I'm not sure I would invite them in, but Aunt May might. Though knowing her she give them milk and cookies.
James is fine. His rib is healing, so he is crying less. Peter bought him a little toy tool kit, but he isn't even big enough to hold them up yet, so I don't think he'll get a lot out of them for a while.
JARVIS.
P.P.P.S. Yes, the badge is shaped like Iron Man. Deal with it :P
I tried to talk to Harry, but he seems pretty mad about his Dad being arrested. I don't get why he is mad at me when it was his Dad who is the bad guy! We've taken him home anyway, so we'll see what happens now I guess...
Penny,
Penny,
Steve xxxx
Natasha xxz
I want to come home, but not if I'd have to join you in rounding up unregistered superhumans. I said you'd made improvements, but a prison is still a prison.
If you let someone else take over, you can throw you weight behind reform and i'll support you. You can do more good working within law now Steve.
Natasha.
Steve has me, so maybe you should stop going on about things you know nothing about. Anyway, as far as I know, mind reading is not among Wanda's creepy voodoo powers, so how would she even know what our worst fear was? Either she made a guess and decided what to show us, or tricked our brains into showing both of us what it thinks our worse fear is, in which case, it's very much up to interpretation. In other words, she doesn't know what the hell she's talking about.
Tony,
Don’t worry about the robots. They pretty much do their own thing. If Steve can avoid setting them on fire I’m sure May can. (Although the guy is not so techno-phobic as you might think. His Medal of Honour scores are better than anyone’s; I guess the whole reaction time thing isn’t a problem to him. But honestly he has spent way too much time playing Animal Crossing. It’s super weird.)
Nattie,
STEVE:
Blackthorn and I are, as always, going to be attending Alcon this year! Unfortunately, as great a con as it is, there isn't any wifi. This means that Thursday's update will be pushed forward to tomorrow, and Saturday's will be pushed back to Sunday. Next week will return to normal :)
b) we have trained them up a little, at least. We just want to make sure you’re all properly educated about hero-ing so you can make an informed decision and, if you decide to be heroically active, can keep yourself safe. We’re all about giving back these days.
Dear Mr Stark,
Blue is Tony, Grey is Loki
Honestly, no, I wasn’t looking into you. Like I said, I’m not a dad, or at least not the kind that’s going to offer you an internship on virtue of your genetics. I looked up your projects when you told me you liked science and decided I wanted you on board. Actually, you were flagged on my system, I just hadn’t gone through it yet.
STEVE: Good. Thank you.
Maybe we should give him something like the Ironman badge you gave me (Which I totally forgot to take to Harry's...sorry). If bad guys are going to go after him, he should have a way to call for help.
Can you do that? You can't arrest other people and just ignore me, people will say you're biased and all sorts of horrible stuff. I don't want you to get in trouble either...
Good luck with school, kid. Remember, no comment.
I remember your mom now I see her, though she wasn’t Parker back then. She was a little older than me, very smart, and brushed her teeth like five times a day, even at work. Also, she named every piece of equipment in the lab. It was cute.
Failure to register super-human abilities under the terms of the Super Human Registration Act
You and Captain America are friend right? What are they like?
I'm coming...but i'll hang back if you really don't trust me.
You and Cap are still hanging out? Do you see him often? What does he say?
Dear Mr Stark,
You’ve never heard of me being with a guy before because this is my first time having a relationship with an adult. Remember I said Osbourne, King of the Dicks, outed a thirteen-year-old kid to try and distract him? Yeah, surprise! That was me. I still kicked his ass in the contest that year and for like the next five years, so you know.
Love Steve xxxx
Steve,
How about we make these secret meetings a weekly thing?
Dear Penny,
Why the hell have you sent me to Canada?! I need to help you find James. There must be something I can do, even with broken legs/crushed pelvis.
P.S Why do you have Icecream in your freezer you don't like? Is it for someone else?
P.S You lost your company to Pepper in the breakup? How does that even happen?!
It is kind of cool how attached you are to your robot friend. How long have you had him? The documentary never mentioned him so I guess he was created after your Dad died. Could I maybe look at the code one day? I'm kind of curious now. It must be pretty amazing to make the A.I sentient.
Tony,
Penny
Also, I meant you and your Aunt could go back if she wanted to, not that you could go back on your own! I’m not saying you can’t handle it, but seriously, this reeks of you trying to be sneaky. What do you think is going to happen that you don’t want May to know about?
You were mostly just talking nonsense we couldn’t make out. You seemed to keep thinking I was your dad. As in, your dad-dad. Proper dad. Stepdad. Richard Parker. You must miss them.
Dear Penny,
You can do this. You can and you will and you have to, for James' sake and for mine. I'm sorry to do this to you. If I wasn't Captain America, maybe it would have been different. But a symbol can't compromise their principles.
Nattie,
Well Vision doesn't have to come with us if he doesn't want to. Me and Aunt May will be alright, we always are :)
You need to stop worrying about everyone else and worry about yourself for once. YOU are the one on trial, and YOU are the one who'll go to prison! I'm sending two of the other lawyers back, I want you with three atleast.
Plus he was super excited about getting to stay in the Mansion. You'd think being a hero himself he'd be less excited about these things, but no, apparently not.
Steve xxxxxxx
The only reason the names of those we caught got released is because they originally had to hand over their gear/masks when they enter the prison and well...it turned out a couple of our guards were selling on names to the papers...but I've put a stop to that! Heroes can keep their masks on now as long as there isn't any tech in them.
Natasha xxx
I hit you round the head to try and get some of the stupid out. Did it work?
Not necessarily, there will always be people who don't believe it or don't care.
Guilty
I'll work out how to undo it, just so you know :P
Steve xxx
Steve xxx
Love,
Tony,
Wow that got really ramble-y..sorry ^_^;
staying
So first of all, let's talk about the clone. I've said it before and I'll keep saying it- we'll deal with any threats between us and with our friends, because we'll have to. You say Thor's turned the tide a ton of times, but the truth is we all have. Losing anyone is a huge loss to the team. But we'll win, we'll save everyone, because that's what we do; and we don't give up when losing isn't an option.
Listen, Nattie, this is too hard to say in person, so... I might end up being in prison for a long time, but you understand I have to go back, I have to turn myself back in. I can't live life on the run and I need to show people I'm still on their side, I'm still going to do the right thing. But the chances are I'm going to end up being in prison for a long time. I mean, just being unregistered carries a life sentence right now, if you remember. I hate the idea of being away from you for a single second, I hate it, but if you come to visit I need you to promise not to bring James. Not until he's older. Prison is no place to bring a child. Just make sure he knows I love him. And that I'm sorry.
And no, other than Lucy we have no friends here.
When can I see you again?
Steve,
The answer, according to Skyers, is simple: 'In my years as a psychologist, I've seen this time and time again. This is a classic- if characteristically elaborate- cry for attention! This often occurs in what I like to call 'power couples', where one or both partners is in a high-status or demanding position that leaves little time for their spouse. By forcing the Captain out of her life in this way, by deliberately taking a contrary position over something that is important to him, Ms Stark is subconsciously demanding his attention- demanding, if you like, that he decide what he is more passionate about.'
He has not been in the tower since yesterday morning, and when I questioned Mrs Stark about this, she collapsed and remains unconscious.
Tony,
I was asleep because it was 3am! Why were you still up, thats insane!
So let me know I guess, otherwise I'll head back to Florida.
at an alternative. But it'll take time and I do have a baby, Steve!
Penny
Like Flash Thompson who apparently has been making my life hell since I started high school because he apparently has a crush on me, but doesn't know any other way of showing it other than acting like a child who pulls the hair of the girl he likes. Also he it isn't like he could ask me out since I'm such 'a huge nerd'. You know if I hadn't had to deal with Loki I think I might have head butted him.
None of the Hydra bases in this country survived. There were hardly any anyway, and Shield made sure any buildings were bulldozed. If there are any left, Shield doesn't know about them. You've probably already worked that out, but it probably took hours of lab work instead of the seconds it would have taken if I'd been there to tell you, if, you know, I wasn't IN CANADA.
Penny,
Fine, Little Miss Smarty-Pants, if you're so sure I'm awake come up and hang out. It's lucky for you I'm in a good mood right now or we would be having serious words about your taste in men. My taste, however, is apparently just fine. It seems I am not broken up after all.
Penny
As we await more detail on this story, our thoughts are with Ms Stark at this difficult time.
I paid your bail. You'll be out tomorrow. Deal with it.
what happened tonight?
And speaking of police, the tensest moment of the evening came when an African-American student, Candice Adams (Student Union President, NYC University), decided to ask how Stark proposed to make sure any federally controlled Superheroes remained impartial in the wake of the recent allegations being made against the police force for supposed brutality and institutionalised racism. Cap saw his chance and took it, claiming the people's lack of trust in the police force was a sign that superheroes should remain independent and not be 'told who the bad guys are'. Stark, meanwhile, took the line that the current 'corruption' in the police was all the more reason something new and fresh needed to be brought in. Way to support our forces, guys.
Penny,
Yeah you obviously know nothing about relationships between female friend. Especially teenager female friends. There wasn't any choice to not go along with it! If I'd kicked up a fuss they would have just taken it as more evidence that I liked Loki. Unless they could see him being out right creepy, then they would have kept pushing. Plus they might have started talking to him alone, which I didn't want if he was dangerous.
Lucy is cool. She is really pretty and has a quick wit, and she isn't a bad influence! Can't I have one friend that you actually like?
DO NOT TRUST OSBOURNE. What can I say to make you believe he’s bad news? Pretend I said it, and then believe it. He has the Bugle in his pocket. He’s trying to discredit Spiderman and you can bet it’s not just because of intellectual property. Please be careful.
Penny.
Tony,
Steve xxx
That picture was the 8 week scan.
It seems Steve thought I was mad about you dating a man as well, because he came to see me and talk about it. Don't worry, I cleared it up and told him I wasn't mad at you because of that, which seemed to calm him down. Then he offered to hit you, but I said it was okay, though I'll keep the offer in mind :P
Then again, my teenage rebellion involved swimming pools of champagne, girls in bikinis and passing flour off as drugs (teenagers are dumb) so I guess a black suit and skipping geography is pretty mild. Just be careful, okay? May's been worried enough.
Ah yes, I'm familiar with parties that. Liz Allen does it to me any time she has a party. Honestly she knows I know I'm not invited, she just likes to tell me to my face...
It is different for you. Your identity is out in the open, but I have to hide mine. Plus I feel different when I'm Spiderman...more confident. Maybe it is the mask I don't know...
Fine, then I’ll get Loki out of the school. I’ll show up as Iron Man if I have to. In the meantime, take a couple of sick days, okay? Call it a compromise. Just do not not not get a crush on him. I don’t care what he looks like, don’t let it undo the killed hundreds of people thing.
Whether it was Nazis, mad men, or enemies home-grown, a cell has never been made that could hold Captain America; a fact that could not have escaped the authorities when the super-soldier surrendered to them last week. One would be forgiven for thinking that as he chose to be there, the Captain intended to stay put, but it has become clear that this is not the case. Last night, after a disastrous first day on trial, Steve Rogers
I love you.
Well done on winning. You ran a good campaign and the people obviously support you. I bet you won't believe this, but I'm proud of you.
What do you think the plan was?! The plan was to keep you safe! I told you to leave and you wouldn’t. I asked Thor to intervene, and he wouldn’t. I had to do something, and, FYI, I was trying to capture him. Not kill, capture. Because even if everyone else has forgotten, he is
4 Counts Wilful Assault (during the fighting with pro-registration authorities)
'He clearly wants her back,' an anonymous source from within the prison service told us. 'He's been receiving letters from her every day since he turned himself in.'
Answer your phone.
I told you to avoid Cap because he’s being an asshole and he should leave you alone until he’s apologised. It’s not really one thing, it’s a bunch of little things. Steve and Cap are both super irritating right now, as if being a jerk in one guise wasn’t enough. And it is nothing like getting a divorce because we were never close friends. I’m just starting to remember all the things I dislike about the guy. I’d definitely never be stupid enough to marry a guy like that.
You don't know Loki is involved. He might have just gone to track Osbourne down himself while I was out...
EDIT: As of July 2017, Photobucket will no longer allow images to be embedded into 3rd party websites without paying a large subscription fee. As such, we are doing our best to replace all text message chapters with normal text as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience, and just pretend the text below is a nice picture of Penny's Starkphone screen.
ANSWER YOUR PHONE.
Escape Artist Penny xx
Natasha,
That said, it's still not a far cry from registration to enlistment. You think if the Government know that they have a ready-made army of Superhumans they'll never get tempted to use them? Trust me, they may not be conscripting at the moment, but the second the next 'threat to America' comes along they'll be putting on the pressure. They'll be using Peter's line, saying we all have a responsibility.
Tony,
I tried to say it was before you knew me, but she says that it doesn't matter, because I always admired you growing up anyway, and that you 'showing off as Ironman' has made a generation of kids want to take stupid risks to be a hero like you.
Spiderman is...well he is sort of a dork too. I mean he makes all these lame jokes when he is fighting. Honestly I think he is just doing it to cover how scared he is. I know when I panic I get defensive and start making lame jokes. He seems nice though, I think he is just trying to help in any way he can. I doubt he could take on a big bad guy like that Loki though.
Not Guilty- Again, Rogers is not being held legally responsible for the actions of those fighting with or against him.
It'll be okay, I'll make it work! You trust me right?
Natasha
I miss you. I'm sorry.
Okay, I admit it, you're right. It does feel weird e-mailing you when you're in the next room. But I'm right too; this will be easier than talking. If we can't interrupt each other, and if we can check what we're writing, it's much harder to fight. And I am so tired of fighting. If we can both just lay out at the same time where we're at right now, it'll help.
Tony,
Dick?
I want to come! It is my house, and if Loki has been hiding there I kinda wanna punch him the face. That is like...super creepy. I really hope 'Nat' is wrong... (Plus if you let me come I can water Aunt May's flowers and pick up our mail. Also I left a couple text books.)
I think she thinks the police are already doing all they can, and it isn't resulting in much.
What I am interested in, though, is you and James and being with you. House arrest might not be so bad for a while if you're both there too. You didn't need to send me to the hospital though, my legs are practically healed- I may not be Captain America anymore, but I still have the serum. Unless they're planning on taking that too :P
Thats also why I haven't been dealing with any threats lately! Who knows what the suit would do to the baby? Or if it would even fit now....
About Pepper, then. I can’t really go into details because it involves other people, but I cared about her a lot and I think she’s a fantastic person, it just wasn’t love of the romantic kind. Honestly, I knew that from the start but went with it anyway because I wanted to try being in a proper adult-style relationship, and that didn’t exactly fly when she worked it out. She’s a smart lady. Her forgiveness was pretty pricey and all on her terms, I’ll tell you that. It was basically extortion. So when you think about it, I’m the real victim here…
I don’t know anything about the kid, I’m just saying make sure this doesn’t get back to his dad. Osbourne is a snake. In high school he outed a guy four years younger than him because he wanted to distract him from a computer programming contest. The kid was thirteen, he probably didn’t even know himself yet. The guy is an asshole who isn’t smart enough to succeed on his products alone so he has to push everyone else down behind him. DO NOT TRUST HIM. That’s the only dad advice I’ll give you, so take heed.
Penny
So come get me. We'll work this out.
My Dear Captain,
Steve,
I told you, I'm not really a party sort of girl, and I'm not really sure anyone would be up for one after what happened at the Prom...
As the SHRA war continues, who isn't sick of seeing headline after headline of bust-up after bust-up? Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like Captain America and his anti-registration rebels are planning on backing down any time soon, as they continue to show the world what a sore loser looks like.
I guess...but this is sort of something I want to do on my own. It was my fault my Uncle got killed. I saw the guy who did it rob a store, but I didn't do anything to stop him because the Clerk had been a massive jerk to me. I was petty and because of that my Uncle ended up dying in the middle of the street.
Penny
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
I'm refusing to register. Or, at least, I'm planning to refuse. I'm so firmly convinced that it's wrong... but it's hard. Being away from you both. I don't know how much longer I can stand firm. Although, in light of everything else, whether I register or not might not have much influence on the outcome any more anyway.
And maybe the reason I’m not listening is because I
As long as agree to register, we let them off pretty lightly, and don't think I haven't been getting crap about that! There are those in the government who think we should be issuing long prison sentences or fines...I might not be able to hold them off forever.
Steve,
Natasha
Love you,
That a life-sentence for non-registration is too harsh
P.S. I tried talking to Steve, and he just got even more pissed. So yeah, thanks for the horrible advice kiddo.
Penny,
The clone is mostly artificial. It is more of a cyborg than an actually clone, something that Pym built while I was away. I've told him to shut it down, atleast for now.
I just meant that the Prom was such a mess, no one will want to go to another party. Teenagers aren't meant to tell the truth...I'm not sure half the school is even talking to each other yet....
As to the clone, is it alive? Does it feel? Does it know it's alive? If not, destroy it. You have to destroy it. You should never have made it to begin with! You say Thor is the strongest but he's the only one of us who is dead! We would have dealt with any threats the same way we always did, as a team. But no, you had to go digging up our friend's grave, and using his memory for your own agenda!
Penny
So, just to recap: I tell you not to trust Loki. You do. He ends up camping out in your house for purpose or purposes unknown. I tell you not to trust Prince of the Dicks because if he finds out about us it’ll end up all over the papers, you do, and it ends up all over the papers. Just be grateful he didn’t find out you were Spiderman, and maybe think about, you know, listening occasionally. I’ve been in this game a lot longer than you.
Is there really going to be paparazzi at prom? That is so weird...don't they have better things to do then stalk a 16 year old? Look i'm really okay going alone. Going with Steve would just be...weird. Plus the papers might think I was dating an older man, who also happens to be a team mate of my fathers. They'd turn it into a scandal! Plus you know the Prom is Friday right? If you guys aren't back by then Steve couldn't come with me anyway.
Penny
Gonna be shut up working for the next few days, probably won’t remember to message. We’ll get dinner or something after?
Dear Penny,
You aren't a monster, kid. An evil man just put one inside of you. And if you hadn't been in there with it, it could have been a lot worse. So don't worry.
Penny,
Pen Pen,
Penny
Natasha
I know you hate it, but me being at school with him is probably best for now. I can keep an eye on him and call you if he starts to do anything dodgy. If you go after him full throttle you are just going to push him underground. If he really is evil, let him think we trust him so he lets his guard down.
The trial is tomorrow, but I guess you'll already know that. Are they asking you to testify against me? If they are, you should- I don't want any claims of corruption. Besides, at least you would testify fairly. I imagine some of the witnesses are going to try and drag my name through the mud.
Penny
Dear Tony,
I knew you wouldn't give up completely, thats just not your style. I'd rather we both left it all behind, but I guess I can put up with it. Just make sure it really is only campaigning and nothing else! James needs his Dad.
I'm on my way.
In this chapter, Tony is grey; Steve is blue.
I know you won't approve, but how many times has Thor saved our asses?! How many times would we have lost the fight if Thor hadn't been there to help? We need him! And he is gone...so we made the next best thing...
P.P.S. Steve Rogers does not eat ice cream. Steve Rogers comes back from a month-long mission,
The thing with Pepper… uggh. I don’t want to say this, but... well, there comes a time where even I want to think about settling down. I feel dirty now.
P.S. I'd like to hang out with you not in a suit, but lets wait until you actually want to. Not just when you want me to do something.
Natasha xxx
Steve,
Would you mind if I invited him to the party on Saturday? He could probably use cheering up, and I sort of want to stay on his good side.
During the trial, Rogers gave no indication of planning a break out, instead sitting quietly and stoically as the evidence mounted against him until he was called upon to speak, at which point he gave a plain account of his political beliefs and his objections to the act, but refused to comment on individuals or their actions. The only crack in the sentinel's armour was when he was asked why he decided to turn himself in. Rogers repeated the information he had given in his press statement, claiming he wished to avoid further bloodshed, but not before glancing up to the public gallery where keen-eyed journalists spotted his estranged wife, Natasha Stark.
P.S I liked your baby pictures by the way :P
Nattie,
DO NOT CHALLENGE STEVE TO MARIOKART. Steve has a very anything-goes attitude to competitive gaming.
Things are okay here, I guess. Right now it's only me, Steve, the twins and Vision in the Tower. Bruce has gone out somewhere quieter because he
I'd put in a good word for you with Gwen's Dad, but he hasn't really liked me since I tried to put in a good word for Spiderman. He really doesn't like vigilantes. He says that police officers act within the law for a reason, and that there is no accountability with Superheroes. I guess he is right, but it isn't like I'm hiding my identity to get away with stuff, I'm doing it so no one goes after the people I care about.
Apologies for the late update. Saturday's update will also be delayed until Sunday as I am away for the weekend! My apologies >.
But there was something in that first line too. When she's rambling about raising James to hate me, so that he'll wish he could have killed me himself, she says that she'll make sure he'll 'only be sorry that he was too young to remember when mommy did it'. I thought she meant this war over the act, but what if it's more of her plan? Nattie, if she's still in your head, she might use you to try and get to me.
Anyway, I don’t need to tell you to be like super careful now. Your identity could easily come out in public any day now and I think you need to be prepared for that. Also, for the chance of supervillains pricking up their ears, but weirdly, I have more confidence in you handling them than the paparazzi. Probably because you’re so fond of telling me about your SUPER STRENGTH.
P.S Congrats on beating Ultron.
Natasha,
Penny.
Okay look, maybe I was a bit harsh. I get that what old Loki did was a pretty personal attack, and I'm sorry you lost people. Him coming back must be hard for you but..the old Loki did die. This one technically hasn't done anything wrong, and putting him in a cage and telling him to be good...well that is just gonna end with you and Thor falling out.
So if I was on a team Cap wouldn't have been chasing me around as much? I guess I can see the logic, but I prefer working on my own. I didn't exactly inherit your knack for being charming. I'd probably be about as popular with teenage super heroes as I am with regular teenagers (See: Not very)
'You can't pick and choose which laws you follow'. Funny. Because I kind of thought the right to a fair trial was a law too.
Natasha Stark.
Tony,
Also, Clint is going to meet you from school; on the corner so hopefully not too many folk will see. We figured he’s the least noticeable of all of us. We thought about it, and I got told I was ‘too flashy’. Nat is too suspicious, Steve is too hot, Thor is too Thor, and Bruce would definitely wind up looking creepy walking down the street with a teenage girl. At least Clint you can pass off as your loser brother/boyfriend/cousin or whatever and say he just came by to hang out if anyone does see. He can be fairly handy if there’s trouble, though I can tell you from experience that he doesn’t hit as hard as your aunt does.
P.P.S Steve likes Animal Crossing? I'll have to remember to ask him for his friend code :)
Tony,
Lucy isn't any of that stuff, she is cool. Plus how would any villains know to be here yet? The only people who knew I was Spiderman and moving to Florida in time to enroll are Avengers.
Also, Steve’s new favourite insult is ‘dishonour on your cow’. Beneath the veneer of a sassy soldier, the guy is a colossal dork. Super uncool. Tell all the girls at your school they should be fans of Iron Man instead :P
about twenty litres of cookie dough and/or Phish Food and then passes out on the nearest available flat surface. Seriously. He was once asleep on the floor in the lounge for three days. Three. Days. That’s basically a coma. And he woke up fresh as a daisy, didn’t even have a crick in his neck.
Tony,
I'm not really the party sort of girl though. I've gone to a couple of Harry's but they are always just full of people being idiots and trying to break into Mr Osborne’s liquor cabinet (The security on that thing is impressive. Once someone hit it with a sledgehammer and it just bounced off like nothing. He really doesn't want people touching his scotch).
Penny
I'm not trying to be sneaky, I just want Aunt May to have a nice vacation. She hasn't had a proper break in...well probably years! Anyway she never gets to see her sister now they live so far apart, it'll be good for her to catch up.
Steve,
I’M your fucking dad why cant you listen to me and go to
And for the record although there are some people who think it is someone at the school, they are still looking at the guys so no one suspects me. There are those who think I called Spiderman and asked him to come help, since I take his photo all the time, and guess what? That has put me square on Loki's radar. He hadn't even noticed me before, being that I'm in high school and my breasts are about two cups smaller than most of the girls, but now? Guess who showed up at my locker?
Natasha
Penny,
Penny,
I've tried looking for records of the trial, but I can't find them anywhere. I'm guessing your Dad suppressed them too, and that that's probably what else was taken from your Dad's house. It looks like I can't prove anything, I'll just have to ride it out.
You want an honest answer? Fine. I'd do exactly what i'm doing now, stop being Ironwoman! If it was going to put our family in danger, then i'd stop. It is as simple as that.
Why do I like Spiderman? Well I guess because he has sort of been paying out rent the last couple months. I've sold quite a few pictures of him to the Daily Bugle, enough that Mr Jamerson has me on the books as a Freelancer. The money isn't fantastic, but it keeps the heating on.
Steve,
That's why I talked to your father the other day. If you want to, you can go and live with him permanently. I won't make you go, and you will always have a home with me if you want it, but I do want you to think about it. You don't need to worry about me. June and I will be quite happy here in the sunshine.
Penny,
I don't think you need to be so harsh on Loki. Cap finally introduced me to Thor, and he said that Loki was re-incarnated, but that this younger Loki doesn't have any of the of old Loki's memories...so it is basically a completely new person.
Osbourne
So the good news is Shield has Osbourne nice and locked away. The bad news is, King of the Dicks is still alive. Hopefully not for much longer. Wanda and Pietro seem to be doing okay in the Tower (as far as I can tell when they won't come near me. Sorta rude) and Vision seems to be flirting with the witch. I did not programme Jarvis for this and it's freaking me out. The sooner we get the real J back up and running, the better.
Penny,
[break in recording]
Uh-oh, we just strayed into comic territory! Specifically Tony is referring to the latest series of Young Avengers, and Loki's (mis)adventures with them.
Penelope Parker.
You realise my 'Beach Party' now consists of Me and Gwen right? Wooooo....
Penny,
Yours etc. etc.
P.P.S. Steve is very, very far from cool. He told me to watch my language the other night. I reminded him about the Blue Shell Incident and I swear he blushed. He is a super-dork, incubated for 75 years and now returned to be the one dork to rule them all.
Do you atleast believe that Loki had nothing to do with it now? If anything he was trying to help.
I've installed more security in the old mansion, and started investigating who broke in. It'll be okay Steve, I'll find them and show them for what they really are.
An early update today, because I am out this evening :) Enjoy!
Natasha.
Tony,
Just read it! Pretend you’re back in your USO days.
Penny
I might just switch him off again.
After months of silence you can contact me however you like, about whatever you like. Maybe we can finally work something out. This fighting is distracting from what we're supposed to be doing, which is protecting people.
You are right about it being different. People with a history of violence, or metal health issues can't get a gun licence, but they can get the power to blow up an entire town.
I'm sorry I let Osbourne get away...I guess you were right about me not having what it takes to make an Avenger...
Dear Mr Stark,
We really need to work on the P.R of the heroes. If they can't do their jobs then what is the point of the vote?
Don't worry...I wasn't planning on saying anything to Harry..or anyone. I'm in high school, if I said something like that without proof I'd be known as a liar until I graduated...
P.S. You know I don’t mind if people find out you’re my daughter, right? I just know you might mind them finding out I’m your dad.
Tony,
Penny,
One, you are just mad I found a design flaw. Javis seemed pretty convinced I wouldn't be able to get out, or did you not let him in on you little 'easier to get out from the inside' secret? You know, I might be able to improve you design when I fix the shutters :P
However, the Court took into account Rogers' long service record, confession of guilt and previous good conduct in the final sentence, reducing the time to be served to 25 years without parole. In a move certain to be divisive, S.H.I.E.L.D has reclaimed the Captain America shield and costume, suggesting they may already be looking for a new Captain America. However, the Captain America brand, including all rights to the character and merchandise, are still held by Stark Industries, which means there could be another legal battle on the horizon. Natasha Stark was in court to hear the sentencing (
And hey, try to enjoy your first weekend there. Go to a party or catch a movie or something. Don't sit in your room sulking.
Well now we're having to hold Harry prisoner or he's going to reveal who you are. At least on Asgard he could have free range. Now we're keeping him on a Shield base and no-one feels comfortable with it, but what else can we do? If he gets out, I don't think he'll tell the papers Osbourne was imprisoned for being the Green Goblin, somehow. Plus, you know, no-one will hear our side of things if some kid comes out saying we kept him to stop him from talking. Even Steve is saying this is corrupt. So yeah, if I were you, I'd go to Florida, change your name, and lie low for a while because the proverbial is about to hit the fan.
So, who did hit you with the bomb?
I don't want to go. This act is wrong! It's ruined everything... You'll take care of him?
Okay, re-read that little speech of yours and honestly tell me that doesn't sound like you are about to start making Cybermen.
Fine. I'll smile and be polite if it gets me outta here, but I'm not saying sorry! I was out there helping people! She is acting like I was doing drugs or something.
Natasha,
Head of Legal Department, Stark Industries
I don't know where Loki is either, he was here before I got knocked out. I hope Osbourne didn't do anything to him.
And you are doing it again! Acting like it was all me! You are the one who threatened to steal him! So yeah, maybe I didn't much feel like talking to you about how hard I was finding being alone!
Steve,
Steve,
P.S. Don’t want to say I told you so, but…………
Dear Mr Stark,
Nattie,
Do we know that Spiderman is straight? Sort of sounds like he was trying to hit on you..what kind of guy makes cookies? Better keep an eye on him.
I wasn’t saying anything bad about your mom. Geez. It wasn’t like she cheated on your step dad.
#confesscap is once again trending across the social media sphere, but this time the cry is even louder. After decades of being the war-time darling of the people, it seems America has finally given up on Steve Rogers.
Penny,
She was a Nazi agent. She was trying to kill us all and blow up the camp.
Penny
Oh I told Mary Jane about the whole you being my Dad thing...I hope that is alright. After you showed up I thought it would just be better to tell her to truth. Plus she needed to know why I wouldn't be staying in my house for a while. I told her 'someone' was targeting me rather than Loki though.
Don't say that like the silence was my fault, you were the one who was 'done'
I think all your three lawyers proved was that no-one needs three lawyers. Did they do anything but talk about things I've done in the past? It's like they're hoping to 'get me off' by saying that because I've served in the past I should be let off for wrong doing now. I don't want that. I don't see what I've been doing lately as wrong doing, and I don't want to be let off for it. This is a real issue that needs to be discussed, not swept aside. I might ask them not to come back tomorrow.
Natasha xxx
As for Steve...well I mean he is nice to me and good looking but it would be pretty weird for me to have a crush on him right? I mean he is older than me...so it isn't like he'd ever be interested.
Ms Stark, who was not due to give birth for another 19 weeks, has been unavailable for comment. The hospital refused to comment on individual cases, but wished to reassure the public that their facilities to care for premature infants are among the best in the world. Several successful heart and lung operations have been carried out on newborns at the hospital in the last five years.
I appreciate you taking the time to write to me. Is there anything you'd like to know?
And no, that wasn’t why Cap was training you. He was worried about you getting killed. (As we still are. I haven’t given up on you going to Xavier). He didn’t even know when he started hanging out with you. Remember when I said to avoid him? He found out around then, and I was pretty annoyed he was still bugging you when he was being all pissy with me. I thought he was going to break up with me, seriously. He’s more of a teenage girl then you are when he wants to be.
Look, here's the thing people forget about Steve. He didn't want to fight a war, he was fighting for the same reason he does now, to protect and help people. He really believed that he was fighting the war to end all wars, that once it was done humanity would move on. He woke up and found nothing had changed. I don't think he buys it any more. I don't think, deep down, he believes peace is even possible, and I think he hates that he doesn't.
He did it again!! You’re coming to the tower. And you’re giving me your damn phone number so I can communicate with you faster than a note through the door.
Nomad has also allegedly been spotted using dustbin lids, hub caps and other round objects as projectile weapons.
So I feel like I need to say this chapter was written before AoU? Reading it now in retrospect, is a little... ahahaha.
I just don't understand how you could let this happen.
Apologies for the late update everyone, Christmas distracted me D: Hope you all had a great one :)
Natasha xxx
Um...I think I might be a little gun-shy to try another Psychologist right now...but I guess if you really want to...we could maybe give it a shot. But I'm having Jarvis run a background check first!!
I tend to write my letters in my room so he must have been in there...which is really creepy. Also I think he ate my peanut butter cups! He better be planning to replace them if we meet again >:(
Penny,
Pen Pen,
...let him in.
Look, long gone of the days of enlisting people who don't want to fight, the government might push a little, but they aren't going to force anyone into the army.
You told him I was dying?! You told him you had an intern who was dying and that their last wish was to have a recording of Captain America telling Hitler to suck it? Seriously?! Wow that is...
Don't you think it is kind of cool that Cap was basically the Nazi ideal, but yet kick their asses? It is like “Hey Hitler, I'm that perfect man you've been on about, but I fight for Truth, Justice and the American way, so suck it!”
Nattie,
EDIT: As of July 2017, Photobucket will no longer allow images to be embedded into 3rd party websites without paying a large subscription fee. As such, we are doing our best to replace all text message chapters with normal text as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience, and just pretend the text below is a nice picture of Penny's Starkphone screen.
He and Wanda just stopped by to check I was okay. They haven't seen me since we escaped and were worried I was upset by some of the stuff Osbourne said..
P.S Oh so one thing about High School. If you go out of your way to avoid a guy, but yet constantly keep an eye on him to make sure he isn't up to something, your friends start to think you have a crush and tease you mercilessly. So yeah, that’s what I'm dealing with right now.
JARVIS:
And the reasons you are in Canada is because I can't imagine what ever safe house you have been hiding in is exactly equipped to deal with someone who just had an entire mine fall on their head! You'll be taken care of there and more importantly not arrested.
The Media really can't accept that we just have different opinions on this issue can they? I kept my name because it is part of me, and you know, everything I make is branded with it. I'm not spending millions changing everything to Rogers Enterprises. Sorry darling :P
P.S Fine I won't mention Ultron to Steve, just don't do anything dumb.
P.S Xavier's school won't accept me. I'm not a mutant. Or I guess I should say my powers aren't caused by the Mutant X gene. I'm a mutagen.
Steve xxx
P.S. It is a totally valid reason. He’s been acting all pissy with me when I haven’t even done anything wrong!
You looked into my projects? The bug cameras were sort of silly...I just wanted to see how small I could get the cameras and a friend joked that it was like I was trying to make them for bugs so...bug camera. I would like to work to try and work on the body heat generators though...I think there could be some way to get it to charge phones. I bet those would sell at my school, you wouldn't believe how often someone is looking for a phone charger.
P.P.S You can't see Loki's present. It isn't....visible.
The week-long trial of Steven Rogers, aka Captain America, has come to an end. An unnamed federal judge, kept anonymous due to security concerns, has sentenced Rogers- now known legally as Steven Stark- to 25 years behind bars. See below for a summary of the charges, Rogers' plea, and the result.
And did you explain to May that you were Spiderman before I even knew you existed? Or that I tried to stop you? That I tried to get you to go to Xavier's school?
When are you going to Florida? We have to let Harry go once you're gone. They're trying to get him to sign a gag though, so if he talks he can be arrested all over again.
You know I could just come tell you all this in person, since you are obviously still awake up there :P
P.S Is Jarvis your Robot thing? I think I read about him once, he sounds cool.
Also, FYI, avoiding someone doesn’t mean ‘stopping to chat and tell them everything’. You’re bad at this.
Your Aunt May got out of hospital today. She's staying with her sister. I hired a nurse to check in on them every day. She wants to come see you desperately, so expect to see her soon. I don't think even Fury will be able to keep your Aunt from you.
So Strange and I got onto the astral plane of her mind. We had to fight our way too, Strange thinks it's the sign of a strong mind. Anyway, we get to the part of her mind where Strange expected to find someone who was being controlled and was she there? Of course she wasn't. Because she'd already got out, got free of their control. But Fautus, the hypnotist, he was there. He won't be waking up any time soon.
I've tried so many times to tell you this in person, I think it's going to be easier to write it down; especially now, when you're still recovering from having that horrible thing inside you.
Tony,
We can still help people in need, I'll make sure nothing dodgy goes on! All that'll happen is the Government will have a record of people's powers and offer special training so that their aren't any Amateurs running around making super villains explode schools!
Penny
It isn't a giant rabbit! I do remember our 'no giant stuffed animals' rule you know. It is something you'll like, trust me.
He is fine by the way. Loud. But fine.
Oh I'm super mega grounded after lying about the whole Loki things. Buut I can also climb down walls, and she is moving me to Florida, so how much worse can things get if I sneak out to say goodbye?
Aunt May xx
a mass murderer! Apparently Asgard doesn’t value human life very much or they would have locked him up and thrown away the key, not just given him a slap on the wrist and said ‘well, he
See you soon.
I guess I need to make a statement myself, but I just don't think they'll believe me. I don't have any proof of what she was. You believe me right?
The way things are now, it doesn't work. We need to try something else.
STEVE: Poor little guy.
And even if they didn't, even if every Superhuman is given a choice, I still hate the idea of people's privacy being invaded like that. They haven't done anything wrong, why should they have to give their lives over for anyone's scrutiny?
Tony,
May had a right to know who she had in her house! And stop ignoring my calls or so help me I will hack into your phone, put it on speaker, and talk to you that way.
Penny
Steve,
Natasha
There are arguments in every marriage, but rarely so public as this. Yesterday evening, in front of 200 leaders of the public and private sector as well as the assembled press, Captain America and Natasha Stark led the arguments 'For' and 'Against' the introduction of a Superhero register. Stark was being supported by a whole army of top-level politicians from every party whilst Cap only managed to produce Sam 'The Falcon' Wilson, and our friendly neighbourhood masked vigilante Spiderman, surely the poster child of the whole 'secret identity' argument.
So what happened with the guy this morning? You really did a number on him from the sounds of it. Pro tip for having an identity out in the open- don't do anything that could get you arrested. Sued, sure, go for it; I can pay those off fine. I currently have the biggest record for a court pay out (of course :P) but surprisingly, after that, it's Clint. Things just seem to get destroyed when he's in the field. I swear Shield spends half their budget on repaying damages after his missions.
Pen Pen,
Kids like him are coming out of the woodwork all the time nowadays. There needs to be proper training and rules in place for them, so they can have long lives outside of being a hero.
Something will change. The act will be repealed or non-registration won't carry a life sentence any more. Until then we just have to get through.
Let me know if I can help with any of the school stuff too.
You're going to the politicians' meet and greet thing today, aren't you? I guess it would be hypocritical of me to wish you luck, but I hope you have fun. And don't stay out too late. And remember, if anyone asks if you're single now, you definitely aren't.
Tony,
It isn't simply a case of changing my name, people know my face now because I'm your daughter. The moment it comes out i'm Spiderman there is no going back.
So how did you sleep last night? Did you like the new protocol I set up with Jarvis for while I'm away?
I need to get out of here...I want to see Aunt May. I was so mean to her...I need to tell her I love her.
Tony,
Aunt May might. She made him an apple pie.
'I'm flattered that at least some of the American people think I am worthy of a title that, in spite of recent trouble, has long symbolised everything good about this nation. However, I would like to remind people that Captain Rogers has yet to complete his trial and give a full account for his actions. He may be misguided, but I'm sure he is doing everything with the best intentions at heart. He would need to be proven very, very guilty before it would undo his years of service. I don't think anyone should be thinking about taking the shield from him.'
Because I'm a teenager?
Penny
That is okay though...I like Disney...
I'm sorry. I love you.
I'm pretty good at building things, but I think I lean more towards Biology and Chemistry. It is amazing how the human body can be changed, just look at mutants or the Hulk. Not that I'm planning on turning myself into a giant green rage monster any time soon, I just think it is interesting.
I do think getting more avengers would be a good idea though. When we were setting things up for the registration act, there was an idea bounced around about maybe setting up an official team in each state. When all the fighting started it sort of got put on the back burner, but maybe we could look at getting it set up again.
Penny,
Did you know when I was kept hostage in that cave there was another guy with me? Did you know he died buying me time to escape? We all have things we wish had gone differently. It doesn’t mean they’re our fault. If you wouldn’t blame your best friend for it, don’t blame yourself.
The same with email, I don't have your address. And even if I did, emails are easy to delete. Letters get kept and re-read, or atleast that is what my Aunt said...
Jarvis is way more than a ‘robot thing’. The S stands for ‘system’, after all. He’s a fully intelligent network that works with everything SI does. He has a voice and a really annoying personality and he likes to nag me. He’s like my right hand guy. And he looks after the Avengers, of course. He’d win me a Nobel prize in computing if I was stupid enough to submit the code, for real.
Maybe i'll get lucky and no one will care about the Spiderman thing...
Seriously if he was watching that I'm pretty sure I get to take his eye out with a fork or something. Eugh I feel sort of dirty now, I think I'm going to go take a shower. (Though the guest suite one looks a bit weird, why would you need more than one shower head?)
Don't worry though, I've upped security everywhere. Plus Jessica Jones has been poping over with Danielle as protection/ for play dates (though they are less 'play' and move 'lay next to each other and wiggle around' dates). Apparently she used to live on the same street as Peter before her parents died. Small world huh?
As for Spiderman, it sounds like he’s doing a good job with the petty crime. But still, he’s not really on the same level. I guess you could say we don’t move in the same circles.
We want to work this out. That's important, I think
Tony,
Good luck with school, kid. Remember, this is your chance to be whoever you want. No pre-expectations. Trust me, I went to a new school for practically every grade. Make the most of it, that's my motto. So try not to stress, okay? Let me know how it goes.
P.S I hope the Ironman sticker will do as a mark. Childish I know, but I thought you'd appreciate it.
I still say you'd be safer here. Especially if Loki is still hanging round you like a bad smell. He was damn right to think we wouldn't have trusted him, and we still wouldn't now. Even if, for the sake of argument, we say everything he told you was true, it's not exactly a shining example of virtue, is it? For one thing, he was only interested in saving you and didn't give a crap about the twins, and for another, he put his personal glory and shot at being the hero ahead of keeping you safe. Maybe you need to remind Aunt May that this guy was squatting in your house whilst on the run and was reading and editing your letters. Not to mention the whole destroying-New-York thing that everyone seems so happy to forget. And yet it's me May doesn't trust. Right.
Natasha.
Anyway, don't worry. Pep and Steve and I have been busy little bees running damage control and we'll handle it. The important thing is for you not to comment. I don't just mean to the press, either, I mean with the hangers on at your new school who will probably be trying to muscle in on your fame once they work out who you are. I'll be doing a press conference tomorrow, and I'll handle it. Shield has finally given us permission to go public with the details of Osbourne's arrest, so I'm going to try and keep the focus on that and, you know, how he experiments on minors for a Nazi Science cult whilst housing a liquor cabinet full of supervillian cosplay. As far as you go, the line is that I didn't know about your powers before you came to me, that your powers are a result of said illegal experiments, that Cap has been training you to use them responsibly- those are the true parts- that you aren't an active Avenger or Avenger in training, that we haven't had you out in the field, and that you continued fighting petty crime at your own behest and that it is a supervised part of your training- those are the partly and not so true parts. Anyway, I've had both Pepper and Hill coming and giving me super scary looks and reminding me to
It was pretty hard not to jump you when I saw you, too. Or at least, hard to not jump in
If your guys want to come, let them. I stand up and take responsibility for my actions, even if that means getting the crap kicked out of me. I'm not running around hiding under a fake name and a mask. I can't just disappear when my actions get someone hurt, I face the consequences
Penny,
As always, the texts are reverse to usual. Harry is in blue and Penny is in grey.
Tony,
If you wake up to see this, I'll be in the shower. The two-broken-legs thing means it takes a bit of doing.
Thank you, thank you, thank you. There’s a memory stick inside the envelope which contains a new gem of comedy gold and a pretty representative record of my morning. I don’t know what your computer situation is given that instead of e-mailing we’re still writing letters like savages, so I also had Jarvis put together a quick transcript, just in case. Congratulations on managing to totally bewilder a national icon! (It doesn’t take much)
Well I don't want to intrude on your party and make it all about me...
Dear Steve,
Steve,
Just call me sometime, okay?
Natasha.
If you or your legal representative have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.
STEVE: .......fine. If you think you're so just- Arrest me. Right now.
Penelope Parker.
It sounds like you've worked out a lot of the things I had issues with already, or at least improved them. Thank you.
I told you, I'm not going to a school that far away. I'm fine training with Cap, he is a good teacher. I bet I could totally kick you ass now, suit or no :P
Even if she was considering it, though, why Atkins? Why would she choose someone who had gone out of their way to destroy my reputation? Do you think she was already being influenced?
You are so arrogant...you said you'd listen to democracy but you still think you know best!
You really know how to pick them, don't you? I tried telling you a hundred times what Loki is like, and you didn't believe me. Worse, you still don't, even with all the evidence in front of you.
You should tell your aunt not to talk about the past to Steve. It only makes him mopey, and he's been acting cold enough lately as it is. I am definitely feeling avoided. Did you ask Hermione what she did to him?
I want to get down to the lab and fix whatever Sin did to my suit, but I can't bring myself to leave James just yet...I hoped that doesn't last too long or i'll never get any work done.
Goliath is dead. We can't stop this now.
Don’t try playing the ‘teenager’ card with me, it’s not going to fly. You know exactly what you’re doing. And sorry, but one huge lizard man does not an Avenger make. You’re locked down until we’re back. (Although, I did watch the footage. I give you an 8/10 for bad-assery.)
The vote is next week. Please tell me you didn't do this.
You don't need to worry about me, either, you know Peter will always step in to babysit if I ask him. He's cheap, too; he usually just asks for $10, use of the TV and a peek into the basement-lab-of-doom if he promises not to touch anything. Besides, Jamie loves him.
Steve,
Two, you shouldn’t EVER trust Loki. EVER. Let alone run off with him in the middle of the night. That said, you rescued a load of kids, so, well, kudos for that. But you’re still in trouble! And you’re repairing the shutters yourself.
So I assume I can start using this line again in order to update you on your son, even if you won't talk to me about the act.
So hopefully by now Bruce has got your phone to you and you can get on your e-mail. I want to come see you, but they seem to think I would try to bust you out and they're refusing my entry, even when I came in the suit and was being REALLY PERSUASIVE.
I want to see you but you know I can't. We have to be careful... If I'm caught again I can't help you look. The papers won't shut up about how if I go back, I'm going down for a long time. I need to make sure James is safe first.
What do you mean, not Captain America any more?
I wanted to know why I was meant to be avoiding him, you can't expect me to stop talking to someone and not tell me why. Anyway I like hanging out with Cap, so maybe you could just ignore him and I could keep being his friend. He hasn't done anything to annoy me after all.
No more e-mail. Line is no longer secure. Rhodes is bringing this note over to you, but other than that, it’ll have to wait until we’re home. You’ll be fine.
Dear Tony,
Natasha
Tony,
Thank you for offering though. I really appreciate it :)
NATASHA: .....fine.
Penny
We could maybe use a fresh set of eyes with Ultron though. We're not progressing like I thought we would. Maybe you could give him a glance after the party's over tonight?
So... having just looked at how little of this story there actually is left, I have decided that the last few chapters will be posted tomorrow and Monday as we run down to the end. Please stick with us until we're through! :)
Penny,
Doctor Laura Atkins
P.S Well have you tried asking Cap why he is upset?
A widely-shared Facebook post has summed up Rogers' position: 'Crimes against women covered up for decades... leaving his wife and young son... opposing the democratic decision of the voting public... U-turning on justice. #notmycaptain #confesscap'. '#notmycaptain' is the slogan of a recently-launched social media campaign to have Steve Rogers replaced. The members of 'Not My Captain' argue that the virtues that the Captain America uniform is supposed to represent- Justice, Freedom and Democracy- have all been flaunted by Rogers, and can only be redeemed by passing the title and mantle to someone more worthy. Chief among the successors suggested by the campaigners is Carol Danvers, aka. Captain Marvel, who has taken the lead on tracking down and arresting non-registered superhumans since Natasha Stark's withdrawal from the public eye. Danvers had this to say:
If you had just taken a little time out like I told you to, I wouldn’t have needed to show up as Iron Man. I wasn’t endangering any other students except him, and he needs to be dealt with. But congratulations! Because now not only do I know you’ve obviously got his back, Loki knows it too. I give it about two hours before he shows up trying to use that to his advantage. I just hope to hell you didn’t let him see you change into the suit either. If he knows who you are you don’t have a choice any more, you need to leave. Not that I think you’ll listen, given how much attention you’ve paid to me since you started writing to me.
Captain Asshat
Anyway, good, avoid Loki. And avoid Steve too. He needs to apologise to me.
STEVE: ...Don't cry.
Love you.
Yep, just me at a party all alone. Maybe I'll practice my flirting technique, it has been a while after all. Then again I don't want to give any of the older boys a heart attack ;)
Seriously though, what is it with these jock types and arm wrestling? It’s obviously not just an earth thing. Is it just an excuse for people to show off or what?
P.S It is obvious you haven't talked to Wanda much, because she can totally read minds :P
Penny
You went to the stupid conference because your stupid company slumped whilst you were busy fighting your stupid husband in a stupid war and now you need to try and get the stupid stockbrokers to reinvest in your stupid shares.
Alright, well good luck with whatever you are working on. If you need any help I can lend a hand.
First, Peter is on my side. And he told me a) how pissed you got the night after Goliath died, after you dumped our son off on May and b) the exact schematics of the Negative Zone prison that he's spent the last few months trying to steal while he's been staying with you. By the time you read this, we will have gotten in there and got our guys out.
Penny
P.S. Wired you some money for James. I know you have more money than I could ever dream of and the amount I can offer won't make any difference, but I don't want to be a total deadbeat. I miss you both, so much.
Well, maybe they think I'll need someone to help me break out now because I have two broken legs and can't walk? (Although I'm healing nicely and much faster than anyone else would, so maybe they think I'm going to be better before the trial ends). Or maybe because they know you're on my side now and want to at least try and stop you from helping me.
Honestly? I want to back down. I've been trying to convince myself to give up on all this, to come home to you, see my son. Marrying you, having a family, it's pretty much all I ever wanted.
Steve
Steve xxx
Bruce is very kind.
We must also inform you that we were made aware of your situation by a high profile donor who wishes to remain anonymous. They would, however, like you to know that they are willing to pay the entire cost of your treatment if necessary and urge you to contact your hospital immediately. We would like to join them in urging you to follow this advice and get the help you need. Childline are available 24/7 on Freephone number 0800 1111 and have specially trained advisors to support you even when things are at their most difficult.
Thor sent a message that Loki is being ‘questioned’. He assures me that Loki bore you no ‘ill will’ and hid in your house because he ‘considers you to be friends’. So, in light of that, WHAT THE HELL. Were you avoiding him at school before all this? You weren’t, were you? Were you getting all buddy buddy with him? What exactly was your plan?
What do you mean by dealing with it? The monsters or Loki? He sort of seemed like he was in trouble.
You'll be wondering what I want. I'm sure you'd do anything to have your precious baby boy back. But there is
Tony,
You know i'm pretty sure your 'guest suite' is bigger than my house. It is really nice, though is everything in here a robot? Aunt May isn't really great with technology, so there is a chance she may set the place on fire by accident...
I stepped in because what you were doing was wrong. And you were too putting other students in danger. When I pulled Loki out of the way you put a hole in one of our walls! You know you are probably going to get sued now right?
Nattie,
I can't believe this even happened. How can people think this act is a good idea?
I asked her about what she showed him, she said it was fear given form. It could be something subconscious or something from the past. Like with you it was a fear of failure, and with Steve it was the war ending, because why would the world need with a Super Solider if there is no war?
Do I need to remind you again that I have super strength? If I wanted Flash beaten up, I would do it myself. But I don't, because that is the wrong thing to do. You don't need to worry about me, I can handle Flash, I've been doing it for years.
'Here we have a couple that have been married for two years,' he says, 'and yet have not produced any children. In my experience, when it is the female partner craving attention in this way, at the heart of the problem is that she blames her husband not only for not having time for her, but for not providing her with children. This is particularly true for women of Ms Stark's age and status, who often arrive quite suddenly at the realisation that they have spent so much time working that they have almost missed the child-bearing window. Of course, subconsciously speaking, none of us like to blame ourselves for anything, and so the blame is shifted to the male partner. I believe that deep down Ms Stark's rebellion has very little to do with her opinions on the act and everything to do with the biological imperative to breed.'
It looks as though they might have got a few other things, but I have no idea what they could be. Be ready.
(See the end of the chapter for
If you ever need to talk, I can offer free and discreet therapy at any time of the day or night. Please think about it.
Okay, one, you need more friends. Two, don’t try to guilt trip me with your teenage drama into letting my archenemy’s gun-bait son into my house. I’m trying to keep you safe.
Wait, if you appear in all the run-up to the referendum with your hair like that, won't it defeat the object of it being it disguise? Speaking of, guess who got invited to go speak at New York University? I guess Candice liked my answer to her question more than yours. :P
