“what are the charges you want to file for and who are they against? No one in the department I hope.” The sergeant was clearly uncomfortable with the tension in the room. The normally narcissistic, boastful, and talkative Sherlock Holmes sat in near submission before him.
*smut warning* scroll towards the end if you don't want to read the actual smut! Thank you all so much for reading these past few chapters, it means a lot! feel free to leave comments of thoughts, ideas, things you want to see next, etc! lots of love <3
“oh, but it’s not, is it? You still think about me all the time. Despite what you tell yourself you haven’t gotten over me. Remember, I’m not stupid Sherlock. You think I don’t know that you still regularly cut yourself? What else would those bandages be for? It always was your favorite spot. You’ve tried to get over me since the last day you saw me, and you can’t. You miss me. I made your life interesting. You could read everyone else, could impress everyone with your deductions and intellect, but not me. You always struggled to read me-you still do, and when you did, I was never very impressed. I was so unpredictable. I made your life exciting.” Victor was now sitting in John’s chair, looking towards Sherlock who had slowly made his way back to the couch.
“Sherlock…love, can I come in,” there was no response. Admittedly ever since the night john had found Sherlock after he’d cut himself, he chest grew tight every time he didn’t get a response from him. “Sherlock, I’m going to come in” he announced as he gently pushed the door open. His lover had changed out of his dress pants and button down and into his dark blue pajama pants and dressing gown. The detective lay on his side, slumped on the bed. John couldn’t tell if he was sleeping or just not acknowledging his presence. He sat the two cups of tea on sherlocks beside table before gently sitting down on the bed and placing a hand on his lovers’ shoulder. Sherlock jolted at the touch and johns heart broke a little more for the pain his friend had endured. “ I’m sorry” john said softly, “ I didn’t mean to scare you.” Sherlock rolled over and looked up at john in the dim light that crept through his curtains, “ s’ fine.” John looked at him a moment longer “ I made you some tea, would you like it?” Sherlock shook his head no and john laid down next to the taller man and placed his hand under sherlocks cheek, stroking his face gently. “Sherlock, are you alright? You seemed to be doing really well today and I come home and find you smoking like a freight train and upset.” John pressed a kiss to his forehead and Sherlock closed his eyes. Was he going to tell john? How would he react? Sherlock who could predict people’s actions weeks in advance always struggled to predict the actions of John Watsons heart and emotions. “John, I- I don’t want to talk about it right now.” He said internally snarling at how his voice trembled.  John took note of how fragile of a state the usually stoic man seemed to be in, “Okay. That’s alright. In your own time then my love. But know that I am here to support you in whatever it is that you may need. May I stay with you for a bit or would you prefer me to leave?” Sherlock looked into johns’ eyes and nestled in head closer into johns’ hand, “stay… please.” John moved his body closer to sherlocks and embraced him. Sherlock wrapped his long limbs around the doctor’s body and let out a long sigh into johns’ neck. Sherlock willed himself not to cry, he had done far too much of that lately. John lay next to his boyfriend for what, in his mind, felt like hours but had really only been 25 or so minutes. Johns brain was wrecked with thoughts. So many questions he wanted to ask but knew it was best not to. He lifted his hand and ran it through sherlocks dark curls, he wrestled with the idea of trying a few things to distract Sherlock from whatever it was that was consuming him but worried that Sherlock wouldn’t respond well to it since he isn’t as emotionally aware as johns’ previous lovers. The shorter man decided on attempting to distract him- the worst Sherlock could do is say no right? With his hand already in sherlocks hair he tipped his head back and kissed him softly. Sherlock made no movements. John placed his hands on either side of sherlocks face and kissed him deeper, finally Sherlock started to reciprocate. John smiled into the kiss and wrapped a protective arm around his lover’s waist.
John wasn’t proud of his deception skills. He was actually pretty embarrassed by them. Who would have known that one of the best assassins in the world had no idea how to keep his own secrets?
“God, I’ve missed this,” She grinned and gave him a quick hug. “You and me against the rest of the world, just like old times.”
“What do we have here?” he snickered and eased off the pressure on the knife. “The great Sherlock Holmes out in the streets by himself? Where’s that little assassin friend of yours? Oh, he was arrested, isn’t that right? What a shame. I would love to see his face when he hears about your death.”
John didn’t hesitate. He nodded and wanted nothing more than to get out of there as soon as possible. Sherlock needed him.
“I’m sorry for being stupid.” Sherlock whispered. John just reached up and stroked the dark mop of curls on his head. The detective leaned into his touch.
“She’ll think about it until this case is over. We need her to help catch those serial killers,” John piped up. Sherlock nodded.
“Don’t mention it,” the DI mumbled. They ended up sitting in silence once more, not sure what else to talk about.
“Just don’t overdo it,” the female assassin winked. “I think this is good enough for a first time, right?”
“They aren’t actually tattoos,” John explained quickly. “They’re just hidden underneath a second layer of skin. It’s practical if you want to hide them.”
“Because, there isn't any emotion. They were killed by an assassin. The time period between the murders are too close together, and they are impersonal. A serial killer would need a ‘cooling off' period. They are driven by a need to kill. This is strictly professional, detached and...” Sherlock stopped when he came to a picture of one of the victims' head. “Do you have more pictures of the victims’ heads?”
“I’m sorry, I got curious,” Sherlock tried to say when he noticed John’s flustered expression. “John?” he asked as John seemed to get caught in his own thoughts. The man glanced at him before looking away again.
“You’re free to go this evening,” Mycroft gave him some papers. John looked at them and recognised them as release documents. “I can’t force you to do it,” the man continued. “But I would greatly appreciate it if you would…” he trailed off.
Sherlock pulled away and placed his hand under John’s chin, tilting his head before kissing him sweetly.
He landed smoothly in front of the small farmhouse and folded his wings against his icy cold skin, trying to get warm. Owl chuckled and threw him the jumper as she landed beside him.
When he finally let his arm down, the sun was gone, leaving the flat in the dark except for the lamp next to John’s chair. The man was sitting with his legs crossed and a book in his hands. Sherlock stared at him. He looked tired, but there was something different about him. A tiny hint of pain flickering in his expression every time he moved, and something else. A fondness played at his lips.
“If that’s not too much to ask,” he responded. Irene started to laugh. Her head tilted slightly backwards as if this was hilarious to her. John suddenly realised that it probably was hysterical to her. Especially if she knew he was Owl’s old partner in crime.
Sherlock gently put his fingers to one of the scars on his shoulders, retracting them when John flinched violently.
Irene picked up his jumper from the floor and handed it to him when he’d gotten them in. He took it gratefully and quickly put it on. His skin was cold after being exposed in the cool room. Irene led him to the front doors and let him out.
John nodded and leaned back in his chair. Sherlock noticed he was staring out the window at something outside. The soft light from the lamp made him look like a mystery. A mystery Sherlock got an urge to solve. The doctor looked dangerous. Who would have thought the cuddly man in the jumpers could possibly be a killing machine. One of the most wanted assassins in the world at one point. There was something in his gaze that turned serious the longer he stared out into the cold night. He was entirely lost in his thoughts, and Sherlock couldn’t help but find it mesmerizing.
She was able to drag him into the house again, quickly settling him on the footstool. It seemed like the best place for some reason.
“Do you know the name of the person who gave us the bank lady job?” John watched as she pondered over it. She pulled out her phone.
“John! How are you, I haven’t heard from you in a while,” Owl said happily. John cringed as he thought about what had happened. “Wait, didn’t you end up in prison?”
John hadn’t really thought about what he wanted her to do. He just had a seriously awful feeling that something bad was going to happen, and if he was right, he’d need somewhere to escape. Had his wings been working, if all else failed, he’d be able to go through the window. If Owl was outside the window, she’d probably be able to catch him.
Sherlock tried to hide his slightly elevated breathing pattern and glanced down at the closed files in his hands.
“Yeah, see you later,” John waved at her as she walked out of the flat before turning to face Sherlock. “Now,
John couldn’t help it. He sniffed helplessly and clutched the fabric tighter towards his chest. He could see the landlady falter in his peripheral vision. He didn’t care. He just wanted to come home. Come back to Baker Street and run around London together with his best friend. He wished for this to never have happened and that he’d never left.
He yawned and checked the time. It was almost twelve at night, and he ended up falling asleep while resting his arms and head on the bed. He startled awake when he felt fingers playing with his hand. He straightened up and stared at Sherlock. The man was looking at him in wonder.
“I couldn’t,” the detective heard John step closer to him. He watched as the assassin plucked the feather out of his hands and placed it on the coffee table.
And with that, John turned and ran for it. He knew he had to get his wings out if Owl was going to be able to lift him successfully, so he prepared himself for the pain. He bit back the scream as he unfolded his wings with such force that the second layer of skin tore at multiple places. He had to keep going. He still had to go through the glass.
“The skin between the wing and the scar tore,” John looked up at the building rooftops just in time to see a huge shadow of a wing stretch out over the street below to keep the person owning them from falling off the edge. He missed being up above the city, running over rooftops and soaring through the sky.
He went into the building and hesitated at the bottom of the stairs. He felt terrified of what would meet him when he got into the flat. He was pretty sure the detective would be home by now, and if he was, he’d have to face him to not seem too out of character.
Sherlock leaned down carefully, kissing him gently on the lips. John wanted to pull him closer, but the chest tube got increasingly more annoying every time he tried to do anything. Sherlock paused for a second, like he remembered something, before leaning down to John’s ear.
“I have a tube in my chest,” John said dryly, gesturing to the tube sticking out of his chest near his armpit. Sherlock bit his lip and John sighed. “Did we get the serial killers, by the way? How long have I been out?”
Sherlock felt his pulse spike. Dread crept up from the bottom of his stomach and attached itself to his spine. This was about his case. He was trying to hunt down the mysterious birds of prey. One of the two assassins had mysteriously disappeared about ten years ago, while the other had continued their work.
John stopped at the crosswalk and waited patiently for the cars to stop. He hurried over, giving a small wave to the driver and continued down the side walk. He’d been talking to Owl the whole way back to Baker Street, and he was almost at the front door.
“Does that answer your question?” John raised an eyebrow at the gentle smile playing at Sherlock’s lips.
He didn’t have to wait long before someone came to his cell to help him get his things so he could leave. When they gave him his jumper, he almost teared up. He put it on and hugged himself tightly. God, he’d missed it.
“And if you behave, you’ll be out before you know it. I’m sure even Sherlock would appreciate it, actually. Coming clean, just for him. How romantic,” Owl mocked, which earned her a soft push from the broken doctor.
“Jesus, John,” Owl said as she fell down to her knees pulling out a small first-aid kit from a small pouch on her belt. “Where were you hit?” she pushed Sherlock away from John. John pointed at the side of his chest. Owl quickly pulled up his jumper and saw the small bullet wound. She opened her first-aid kit and pulled out a small plastic bag. She tore it open and got out a small transparent square. “Sherlock, call an ambulance,” she instructed as she placed the square on top of the hole. John’s breathing steadied out, turning closer to normal. She made him lean forward so she could check him for any exit wounds, and when she found none, she pulled down the jumper again to shield him from the cold air as much as she could.
John looked at the detective confused. He was used to being left behind, but the lack of an explanation was slightly unusual. The question lingered on his tongue as the man disappeared into the hallway. Soon after the front door slammed shut.
“Sherlock, you’re not seriously proposing to me, are you?” John stared at the man leaning over him. Sherlock pulled something out of his pocket.
“It’s been a few hours since I got home to find you like that, so it’s hard to tell. What did Mycroft want?”
“You could say that,” he started and flipped through the documents. “I thought you’d like to see some old files I have on your dear friend Dr Watson.”
“Fine, I’ll help. She needs a new name,” he looked at Owl who stared at them, astonished by what was happening.
“John!” Sherlock cried and crawled over to him. “No, no, no, don’t you dare die on me, now. I just got you back!”
“As you know, John served as an army doctor in Afghanistan,” Mycroft started to explain, matching his brother’s intense stare. “He had a nickname, would you know? They called him Angel.”
“Long time no see…” John trailed off as he turned around and for the first time got a good look at his former best friend. The man standing in front of him was so thin you could see every bone in his body, there were dark bags under his eyes and he looked exhausted. John felt like crying again just seeing the state the detective was in. But he’d cried enough for a lifetime, just these last months, so he held it down.
Lestrade came closer, gun still raised, just in case. He took out his handcuffs and was about to put them on when John spoke again.
“I do, when it’s for the right reasons,” John explained. “The cabbie incident was protecting Sherlock, I’m sure you understand that.”
“Yes, yes, now, I need you to meet Owl,” Sherlock gestured to Owl who’d started to back away towards the window. “I think she’d be a great addition to your team, Lestrade.”
“It’s been a few hours since I got home to find you like that, so It’s hard to tell,” John checked his own watch. “What did Mycroft want?”
“Thank you,” John took the two items and plugged the charger into the phone. It lit up and he smiled.
Which was the reason why he was laying on the cold floor, face down with tears threatening to fall. The feeling of betrayal making his chest ache. How could he have been so stupid?
“John?” she crouched in front of him. He didn’t dare look at her. He felt so full of shame and regret after all he’d done. He just let out a whimper and bowed his head down, trying to appear as small as he could. If he could just die, that would probably be the best. “Oh, John,” she let a hand fall to his shoulders, cringing slightly at his flinch. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to. It’s just that Sherlock told us about who you were, and I got a bit spooked when I heard someone in the flat, so I assumed the worst. Could be anyone, you know.”
Sherlock just stared at him, drinking up everything, wanting nothing more than to just tell him to come home. Tell him to stay with him and forget the last six months ever happened.
“You’re better,” he mumbled sleepily and nuzzled closer. Sherlock couldn’t really believe that given his bony appearance, but he let it go, listening as John fell asleep. The soft snores escaping his friend made his heart warm. It was nice to be this close to John. Soon, he was drifting off, too.
Footsteps were coming up the stairs. John recognised them immediately as Mrs. Hudson’s, and felt himself panic for a second before sneaking towards Sherlock’s bedroom. He closed the door silently behind him and listened for the old landlady. He could hear her walking around, probably dusting and cleaning a bit. The sudden screech from the kettle made him jump. He’d totally forgotten about that.
You could almost taste the heavy atmosphere. John had been certain their friendship was real, but at the moment? He wanted to scream. Cry. Maybe even sink into the floor and disappear. He wanted to be crushed into tiny pieces and be taken by the wind as far away as possible. But that's what had happened already, hadn't it? Sherlock knew his secret. The tall man with the curly, black hair and sharp, clever eyes. For a moment John had believed they could be more. Only for a moment before Sherlock had spun him around and pushed him to the ground.
Sherlock closed the files and handed them back to Mycroft. He didn’t want to look at them anymore. He’d seen enough. He didn’t want to believe what his brother was telling him, but the facts were there. Still he needed to find out a way to prove it. If he could just see John’s back.
“Thank you,” John sighed in relief as the wings were finally tucked away after being out for almost four months. That night he slept better than he had since the case had started.
Mrs. Hudson pulled him gently over to the couch. She sat down beside him, trying to comfort him. She knew it was hopeless.
“What are you doing here? You’re supposed to be in prison,” Sherlock glared and wobbled a few steps forward. John frowned and looked around, spotting the used syringe on the coffee table. He felt his throat tighten. Of course. “No, don’t say it. You’re here to help me figure out this case. I must be in my mind palace. What was I doing here, again? Oh, right! Clues.”
“Are you okay?” A weak voice asked from somewhere around him. He looked up and met worried eyes. Irene looked as if she’d just witnessed the most disturbing thing in the world, which it probably was.
“I don’t know,” John stumbled to his feet, grabbing the armchair to help him up. “I can’t really feel any difference at the moment. I’m guessing it will feel different when the skin softens a bit if I start using them more. How does it look?”
The sarcasm made John’s heart fall a bit. Their names had always been Owl and Hawk. It was their names during the first years of their lives. Then John had started to become tired of the constant killing, and instead wanted to help people, which is how he ended up changing his name and getting into the military as an army doctor. He got the best of both worlds, you could say.
John took up residency in his chair and did some work from his laptop as Sherlock continued to pace between the wall of pictures and post it notes and his desk. John’s phone buzzed and before he could check who the text was from Sherlock dropped his head back and groaned, “Mycroft is here.” John glanced at his phone and sure enough the text was from Sherlock’s brother, requesting to be let in. John made his way downstairs to let the older Holmes in. “Doctor Watson, always a pleasure.” Mycroft said as he began climbing the steps, John following behind him.
Hi friends! I hope you all are doing well and that you really enjoy this chapter! Sorry for the longer break between chapters, its been a pretty hectic few days with finals coming up. Please feel free to leave feedback, it really fuels me to write more! Stay safe and healthy, lots of love <3
Sherlock’s eyes opened and he glanced at what John was staring so intensely at, letting out a sigh and cutting the water back off. “they’ve been taped to the top of the underside of the cabinet, and no- I had no intention of using them today. I was actually going to give them to you after I finished up in here.”
When they arrived Sherlock left John to pay the cab fare as usual, while he was already making his way up the stairs. The detective had taken off his blazer and hung it on the back of the kitchen chair, replacing it with his blue dressing gown. He sat down at his microscope and acted as if it was any other day- like the entire past six hours hadn’t happened. John tried that tactic too, changed from his court clothes into more comfortable ones, made the two of them a cup of tea and began typing away at some medical records. This farce lasted all of an hour before he was bursting at the seams to have Sherlock say something-anything- about the trial. “are you okay?”
John racked his brain with replays of conversations he and Sherlock had over how he would rather do anything than hash out the details of his abuse in front of a jury. John knew it could very well be the downfall of the man he loved, a reset in all the progress that had been made, and that it could make Sherlock feel utterly worthless in the eyes of the world and everyone who knew him. The good doctor couldn’t help that his blood was near boiling at the thought of that happening to his lover.
"He says it to you" John looked questioningly at her " I live downstairs I hear things. Sherlock is a sweet boy, John. You know that, he hasn't had an easy life and I'm sure you know that as well"
Victor’s voice echoed in Sherlock’s head, “can I see your bedroom?”. Sherlock quickly made his way to his room and saw the window was left open. He felt sick, Victor knew where he lived, where he slept, how to get in, what else did he know that Sherlock didn’t. a new feeling washed over him not fear or dread, but undeniable, painstakingly intense anxiety. Sherlock shut the window and frantically looked around for something to wedge between the glass pane and top of the window frame so that it couldn’t be opened. He finally found a wooden rod that once had a poster hanging from it, but he discarded the image years ago. His breathing was heavy and quick as he forced the stick into position and tried himself to open the window, only satisfied when he couldn’t get it to budge in the slightest. He bent beside his bed to grab his towel when he smelled a strong and familiar scent. He picked up his pillow and brought it to his face, coughing as the scent filled his airways. He thought fast and his blood ran cold when he realized what the smell was: Victor’s cologne-the kind he used to wear when they were together. He stripped all of the bedding angrily and threw it in the washing machine. He grabbed a towel and made his way to the bathroom. Yes, he had already showered this morning, but he was desperate to get the feeling of Victor off of him.
“John,” the man countered before smirking at him. John didn’t really know what to say. The detective had his hands resting on the armrests, effectively trapping him in the chair.
“I’ve been thinking about it since I got home from the hospital after my overdose,” he said and lowered himself to one knee, making John gasp when he discovered the small black box in Sherlock’s hand. The detective opened it, revealing a gorgeous silver ring. John covered his mouth with his hand. His world seemed to stop around him as his heart started to beat faster. “When you got shot, I understood just how much you mean to me, and when they told me you’d pull through, I went out an bought this. So, John Hamish Watson, will you make me the happiest man in the world and marry me?”
“What are you doing here?” she huffed and watched as he looked down at the jumper in his hands. There were still bloodstains on it after his evening with Irene. It felt so long ago now, like it was in a different lifetime. “Answer me, you demon!”
Sherlock took a few steps closer to him. His eyes roamed over him, trying to find out what his secret was.
Sherlock leapt out of the cab the moment it stopped, paying the chauffeur way too much before striding into the dark alley. He looked around, trying to find anything of importance. His phone vibrated indicating a text. Lestrade was giving him a heads-up that one of the people they were stalking had left his house, and that everyone was to keep their eyes open. Sherlock deleted it and placed his phone back in his pocket.
“I miss him,” John was able to choke out. “I miss his so God damned much, and it hurts. Why can’t I just get over him?!”
A spike of pain and drowsiness pulled at him. Sickness and aching pushed him upwards. The pressure in his chest intensified the closer he got to the surface. For a moment, he almost didn’t want to break the surface. He wanted the calmness and sweetness of the darkness, but then he’d never find out who the whisper belonged to. He needed to find out. His curiosity dragged his being further.
“I think I’m going to leave now,” John said thoughtfully as he continued backing towards the window.
“I haven’t used them for years,” John frowned and tried to get Irene to let go of his arm. When she didn’t, he gave up. “I’m not even sure they work anymore.”
“When asked about it, the other soldiers mentioned tattoos on his back. They were described as the most detailed tattoos they’d ever seen. Two folded wings,” Mycroft paused, probably for dramatic effect. “Someone said they looked exactly like the wings of a red-tailed hawk.”
Sherlock placed an arm over his eyes to shield out the light from the setting sun outside the window.
John reached out and grabbed the gun, gently pulling it out of Sherlock’s grip. The man looked completely lost. He tried to come up with something to say to make the detective understand that he was actually in the room.
“The pain gets worse when you haven’t used them in a while,” John explained. “The more you do it, the more flexible the skin gets, and the less pain you feel.”
Sherlock didn’t seem to have noticed as he turned on his heels and stormed out into the hallway. John followed closely behind him. A heavy feeling draped itself over him like a thick blanket. A constant weight on his shoulder. He could almost feel the panic attack lurking in the back of his mind as he kept up with his best friend. The thoughts of what would happen to him if the man ever found out his secrets buzzed in his mind. Over and over they would play different scenarios and alternative endings to his eventual reveal.
Owl sighed behind him as he shuddered in the early December air. He’d been working for this moment for three months, now.
He could hear a muffled ‘hello’ from the kitchen followed by silence. John started to back further into the room, almost falling when his feet got tangled in something on the floor. He looked down and picked up the thing he’d almost stumbled over. It was his jumper. The jumper he’d been wearing the day he left.
“It seems to me that you’d feel better if you just served the time they give you. In that case, it would be that simple.”
“You ready?” Owl smiled gently at him and looked over his back once more, just to be sure there wouldn’t be any problems. John felt her fingers trace the scars and the base of his wings. “If you’re not up to it, I’m sure it wouldn’t hurt to wait a bit longer.”
“Wait a second,” he used the gun to scratch his temple. “You shouldn’t be here. You’re never coming back to me,” John watched as he aimed the gun at his own head. He felt the world come to a stop as the man turned to face him.
“It fits you,” Sherlock smiled at her. “I’ll tell my brother later,” he reached out his right hand towards her. She grabbed it. “Nice to meet you, Molly.”
“There is something I need to tell you,” John whispered as he pressed himself against the back of the chair. “I think-“
It had been a month since John got dragged out of 221B Baker Street. There had been a trial where John confessed to all the things he’d done, and as expected, he’d been sentenced to imprisonment for life. For the first few days, he’d been mostly by himself. The guards were a pain in the ass, he’d more than once wanted to just kill them. Everyone knew who he was, which made everything even worse, given that he’d ended up in one of the highest security prisons with a lot of people he’d helped catching.
John could hear the detective pacing. He didn’t dare get up from the ground before he had his emotions under control. That was until he heard the cocking of a gun. He froze.
He continued to walk through the narrow alley. It was getting considerably more difficult to see in the dim light.
“Irene Adler?” John felt like pinching the bridge of his nose. ‘The Woman’ had never been on his top ten list of people he liked to spend time with, so the fact that Sherlock most certainly would drag him off to the dominatrix was not a nice one.  He’d rather spend an evening with Mycroft. He knew Sherlock found her fascinating, but after the last few years, he couldn’t help but dislike her even more. He couldn’t find a reason for his feelings towards her, but every time he would come near her, or that dreaded text alert went off, his chest would tighten and his throat close up.
“There’s been another one, sir!” the officer shouted and threw some papers onto Lestrade’s desk. John and Sherlock halted and turned to listen to the information that was being given. Lestrade turned his attention to the two men in the doorway.
“I think I found your old phone, too,” Lestrade said after a while. John glanced at him, curiously. He’d left his phone behind at the flat all those months ago. He’s gotten Owl to buy him a new one. Lestrade handed the device to him together with a charger.
“Jesus,” John muttered and sipped to the cool liquid. He felt slightly better after sleeping for so long, but the pain from his encounter the night before still made his chest tighten painfully.
“Please, don’t do that,” he sighed. “It’s just a really strange sensation, and quite uncomfortable. I can just show you my wings instead, if you want?”
They parted when they both were out of air, John letting his head rest over Sherlock’s beating heart. It was relaxing to hear it after what had happened earlier, and he felt himself drifting off.
“Please, I don’t know what he’ll do if he finds out. I could end up at a lab table somewhere, or just be arrested. I could even become his personal lab rat.”
“I’m guessing you haven’t seen them being unfolded before?” John tried to lift his wings off the ground, groaning as pain shot through the skin surrounding them.
“And you almost got sliced open, so I guess we’re even,” John squeezed his hand. Sherlock sighed and touched his cheekbone carefully. It was deep, but he’d be fine.
“Don’t be daft,” Mycroft rolled his eyes and gestured to the documents. “Everything we know about John Watson is in there. It pains me to say I didn’t think about the possibility that he would be
“And we’ve lived together for five, almost six years. People have clearly stated that they’ve thought we were a couple from the start, making marriage the obvious next step. It would be beneficial if one of us ends up in the hospital.”
“There isn’t any,” Mycroft frowned and scratched his temple before flattening his hair down. “All information on ‘John Watson’ started as he attended St. Bart’s. I’ve checked his record, his birth certificate and the schools he went to. There is absolutely nothing about him. John Watson didn’t exist until ten years ago.”
“Technically, no, but I prefer that a lot more than my real name. Too many memories from the experimentation days…” John sighed.
“What are you doing here?” John questioned and had to supress a giggle at the man’s grumpy face. He was secretly happy to see him.
“I’m guessing you’re coming with us, then?” Lestrade sighed at the consulting detective’s rather devilish grin. John tried to hide his terror as well as he could. He hoped his hesitance didn’t attract Sherlock’s attention.
John kissed the detective HARD, taking even himself as surprise as he licked into Sherlock’s mouth with intensity. Sherlock went to put his hands on either side of John’s face, but the shorter man caught them and pinned them above the dark curls at the top of the bed. He continued grinding his thigh against Sherlock’s member until there was a wet patch of precum making a dark spot on his jeans. John’s own cock was straining painfully against the zipper, but he was unwilling to release Sherlock’s wrists just yet. Biting Sherlock’s bottom lip and pulling off painfully slow, he finally sat back up.
Christmas eve was upon them. the couple arrived at the Holmes’s a few hours before dinner would be served. Sherlock’s mother insisted on her son showing John around the farm, she watched from the kitchen window as the pair walked with gloved fingers intertwined across the property. When they came back inside John helped Sherlock out of the Belstaff and kissed the tip of his nose that had been reddened by the cold, making the detective roll his eyes at the cliched act. The two went off into the small den and pulled two arm chairs near the fire, moving them so that they could face one another as they warmed up. Conversation came easier than ever before, it all seemed to get easier with each day that passed.
He didn't get a response but he knew not to expect it. Sherlock was emotionally drained, you could tell by looking in his eyes. He hasn't been sleeping well even with John by his side. His eyes had dark circles under them and any ordinary person could tell he was fighting to keep them open most of the time. He got up and walked to the bathroom before knocking on the door.
When Sherlock walked in the door of 221b he listened to hear if anyone besides him was home. No one was. In theory john should be returning in less than an hour and Sherlock was trying to decide how to spend this time. His typical self-destructive thoughts rose up in his mind as he walked up the stairs to their flat. He walked over to his desk beside the window and pulled open the top drawer- in it lied several boxes of nicotine patches and a half empty box of cigarettes he turned to only in desperate times or a celebratory occasion. It had been nearly nine months since he had smoked an actual cigarette and felt that a day like today definitely called for one…or two…or however many was left. He laid down on the couch, his upper back and neck supported by arm and a pillow. He took one of the cigarettes from the box and lit it before bringing it to his lips and taking in a long drag. He held the smoke in his lungs until he had to exhale and watched as the smoke left his mouth.
John glanced up at Sherlock one last time before pulling the sweatpants down and throwing them off the bed. He kissed and sucked at Sherlocks hips, making a mental note of how visible they still were. He continues to lick and kiss languidly up the tall man’s pale body until he reached his nipples. He ran his fingers over them before taking one into his mouth and circling it with his tongue. Sherlock moaned and his back arched off of the bed, causing John to smile as he switched to the other pink bud. Sherlock placed a gentle hand on John’s head as he continued to send pleasure unlike any other through the detectives body, “John, don’t stop.” He panted. John kissed his way back up to Sherlocks neck as he glided one of his hands up Sherlocks thigh able to feel the scars beneath his fingertips that had faded to thin white lines. He rested his hand on the inner most part giving Sherlock the chance to say no, but he never did. John kissed Sherlocks mouth, their tongues fighting for dominance and he wrapped his hand around Sherlocks cock. The detective inhaled sharply and moaned into John’s mouth. John began to stroke Sherlocks cock at a steady pace as he continued marking Sherlocks neck and chest.
" you won't 'screw it up' Sherlock, just do what you feel comfortable with and everything will be fine. Okay?" John reassured him.
John kissed Sherlock lazily, “happy with everything then?” John asked, causing Sherlock to giggle at the seemingly rhetorical question. “yeah, I’d say so. Especially that, um, thing you did with your…tongue.” Sherlock complimented, feeling a bit awkward. “yeah? Its been a long time since id done that, but I thought you might like it.” John said with a smile. “it’d been a long time since anything had touched me there, and nothing had been inside me since, well the last time I was with-“Sherlock was interrupted once more by John kissing him. “shh, don’t say his name right now. I know, I figured that. I feel honored, Sherlock, really. I am so flattered and humbled that you trust me like that.” John said staring into the other man’s blue eyes. Sherlock nestled in close to John and mumbled, “I love you.” into the ex-soldier’s chest. John wrapped his arms protectively around Sherlock, “I love you too.”
After an hour John felt guilty for yelling at Sherlock. He walked to the door and knocked. No answer. He opened and saw Sherlocks small frame on the bed.
They answered fine and placed their order. John ordered chicken Parmesan and Sherlock ordered shrimp Alfredo.
John and Sherlock had been back home for less than a full day when Ms. Hudson called up the stairs that they had a visitor. Sherlock and John both had already given their full statements to Lestrade for the case and were just awaiting the trial date. Emily entered their flat with a friendly but soft-spoken hello. John moved from his chair to greet her at the door and Sherlock looked up curiously from his microscope, something in his gut telling him this was more than a friendly visit.
They popped their popcorn and cut some fruit before sitting at the table and talking, normal things at first and then the topic arose.
The detective turned the water on and let it warm up as he began brushing his teeth. He went to spit out his toothpaste when something caught his eye in the mirror just above the sink, he had two dark reddish-purple bruises. One was placed near his collarbone and the other lay just below his defined jawline. He rubbed his fingers over them in confusion before realizing they were from John biting and sucking at his neck last night. Most other people would be displeased and try to think of how to cover them, but Sherlock wasn’t most people. He admired how they looked in contrast to his pale skin and smiled thinking of how they brought back pleasant memories of last night. Covering them didn’t even cross his mind. He finished brushing his teeth and his shower before dressing in his black pants and white button down. The pristine white shirt did no favors in helping hide the hickies on the left side of his neck.
“find a comfortable position so that you can pump yourself up and down on me, love.” John said as he trailed his hand down Sherlock’s chest until he reached his lovers partially soft cock.
They moved Victor into a quiet room and Greg entered next with his paperwork and recording device. Another officer kept an eye on them through the soundproof glass.
Inhibitions forgotten; John pushed Sherlock down onto the sofa. His hands tangled in the wild dark curls as he slotted his lips against his lovers. John tilted Sherlock’s chiseled jaw up and began pepping kisses along it, working his way to the pale skin of the detective’s neck. Sherlock was fumbling to unbutton John’s shirt, as he bit back little moans of pleasure. John was unfastening Sherlock’s belt when the detective heard whispered dirty talk of a mind-blowing blow job. But Sherlock had something else in mind. He stopped John’s assault on his neck and pulled him back up for a passion filled kiss. “go sit in your chair, i'll be right back.” Sherlock whispered as he gently motioned to push John off of him. The shorter man complied with a confused look on his face as he watched Sherlock fast walk up the stairs to their most recently shared bedroom.
John placed Sherlock on the bed and removed his underwear, taking his long, hard cock into his mouth and moaning around it. Sherlock closed his eyes and laid a hand on the top of John’s head, letting his fingers tangle in the blondish silver hair. John was obsessed with every inch of Sherlock’s gorgeous body, but he definitely had his favorite spots and Sherlock’s cock was high on the list. John took generous amounts of Sherlock’s long member in his mouth and throat and he gentle caressed Sherlock’s inner thighs. He pulled off of his lovers’ cock with a soft popping sound and lowered his head even further, taking one of Sherlock’s balls into his mouth. The detective groaned loudly, “Fuck, John.” John beamed with pride on the inside and took his lover by surprise when he forcefully flipped him over and spread his perfect pale cheeks and licked a wide stripe over his hole. Sherlock inhaled sharply and buried his head his pillow. The fact that John wasn’t constantly checking in on him and asking if he was alright was boosting his arousal significantly. Sherlock was writhing under John, desperately trying to grind his hips into the mattress. John held his hips higher above the mattress, “I want you to come only from me.” He said just above a whisper in a sultry tone. “God, John.” Sherlock moaned into the pillow. John continued circling and probing at Sherlock tight hole with his expert tongue as Sherlock was slowly falling apart under his touch.
"Why would I be mad at you, I just want to help you." He squeezed him a bit tighter. " do you want to be alone?"
John looked up and smiled at the taller man,"the feeling is mutual" he sat up a bit and placed a small kiss to Sherlock's cheek. Sherlock almost jerked away but forced himself not to. That was another "side effect" of Victor, Sherlock was scared that any attempt at affection would end in being hit, insulted, or held down and forcibly penetrated. He decided then that he would try his best not to let his past with Victor ruin the chance he had with John.
The doctor took a deep breath and followed where the nurse took him. When he walked through the door he saw Sherlock propped up on the bed. IVs hooked up to him and heavy bandages around his left arm.
" since I don't know hardly anything about how you enjoy intercourse, could you say suggestions and I will pick one to try."
“Obviously,” Sherlock shot back “I took dozens of DNA swabs from inside an outside of Emily’s apartment. Everything appeared normal except for one thing. Guano, bat feces, showed up on one of the slides I examined. At first, I thought it was just a small lead, definitely the most interesting slide I collected, that was until Victor came over her to drop off that file. A lump of dirt must have fallen off one of his shoes and I just happened to think to look at it under my microscope, and it showed the same type of bat feces and sediment as the one I collected from the spot outside of the apartment that Emily was taken from.” Sherlock was speaking very quickly; the doctor and inspector were hanging on his every word. “I need to go back to Emily’s apartment tonight to make sure I am 100% correct. Victor has been all too cooperative on this case wouldn’t you say? Sure you can play it off that he’s concerned about his sister and wants to do all that he can but what if he is keeping himself overly involved in order to throw us off his track, to put doubt in our minds even if we came to this conclusion.” Sherlock finished and Lestrade looked like he was about to refute what the detective had just said, but John spoke up before he got the chance, “even you have to admit ,Lestrade, he spends an awful lot of time with you, with us, around the Yard. You’ve worked with hundreds of missing person cases and I’m sure some family members want to be involved more than others, but have you really ever encountered someone so persistent about being this close to the investigation.”
John pushed through the crowd calling out for his lover. When Sherlock finally heard his name and he turned to look, John had already wrapped his arms around him in a tight embrace. The doctor grabbed the sides of his face, tears now falling from both of their eyes. “god, you’re so stupid” John sobbed before kissing him hard “you’re such an idiot.” He cried again. “I know” Sherlock mumbled against his lips. John replied by kissing him even harder. Sherlock let him, he held him in his arms with just as much conviction and kissed him with every bit as much relief and passion. When John finally pulled his mouth off his lovers, he let his head come to rest on his shoulder. The scene around them looked like the end of the world, but with the emotions between the two men- it felt like the beginning.
Sherlock pulled away and looked into John’s eyes, barely visible in the low-lit room, “ what I’ve wanted-needed since the beginning…don’t treat me like I’m broken. Don’t ask if I’m alright every five minutes. I told you long ago, John, if I don’t want to do something I’ll tell you.”
John threw his head back against the pillow, “oh my god… come here you gorgeous thing.” Sherlock crawled up and hovered over John who brought him into a hard, sloppy kiss. Before John could ask if Sherlock was okay and sure about that the detective interjected “I’m fine. please, put you cock down my throat.”  And with that he sunk back down, once again taking as much of John as he could. After a few more tries John finally pushed his hips upwards as Sherlock came down and felt his cock push past his mouth and into his porn worthy long throat. Sherlock gagged again but didn’t remove himself off of John’s length. John gently rolled his hips at a steady pace, watching himself disappear in Sherlock’s mouth. He made sure not to thrust too hard or hold his lovers head down out of pure animalistic desire. After several minutes Sherlock pulled off and caught up on his breathing as he stroked John once more in his hand.
“are you okay?” Sherlock’s rich voice filled Johns ears. He smiled slightly at the irony of Sherlock being the one to ask him that question.
I would like to thank you all so much for reading this story. When I started it I had doubts that anyone would read it, let alone like it. It truly means the world to me knowing you enjoy my work and even benefit from reading it. Before I go on I would like you all to know that if you are struggling with issues of abuse or self harm etc. please seek help. Your life is so valuable and should be treated as if you are a precious gem. If you ever need anything or just someone to talk to please do not hesitate to contact me.
“I don’t know if this was considered or not, but there was a man found dead in the tunnels of the catacombs a few days after Emily was rescued, he had high strength sedative drugs and needles on him- the kind that would have produced the same effect Sherlock described when he and Bill Wiggins were attacked. We also recovered his phone, he and Victor-”
Victor sat two wine glasses down and poured them a serving of sauvignon blanc. Lestrade was desperate to leave but knew it would be suspicious if he had to leave immediately after Victor had left him alone, so he continued to play along. It wasn’t hard to play along, Victor was charismatic, charming, enthusiastic and a great conversationalist; not to mention easy on the eyes. The mood of the evening quickly changed when Lestrade found himself being straddled by the strawberry blonde who was kissing along his neck. “I have work tomorrow, I really should go,” Lestrade said casually and Victor looked down at him with hurt in his eyes. “You could stay over,” he offered but Lestrade shook his head. Seeing the disappointed look in Victor’s eyes pulled at his disgustingly sentimental heart and he pulled Victor into a deep passionate kiss, “Another time, I promise,” He said and Victor nodded as he removed himself from Greg’s lap.
Hi friends, I hope you enjoy this chapter! Please leave any feedback you have! Stay safe and healthy, lot of love <3
" I'm not drunk John, I mean we should talk about it. That's what couples do right? Talk about things."
The judge looked up in a complete state of shock and Sherlock felt his blood run like ice in his veins,John was still digesting the information.
Sherlocks cheeks flushed red at the pet names. He always adored when John called him by pet names but he never mentioned it out loud until now. " I love when you do that"
The judges eyebrows raised, “you bring up an interesting point, Mr. Holmes; it will be taken into consideration.”
Sherlock placed his hands gently on John’s’ shoulders and turned him so that his back aligned with the detective’s front. Sherlock replayed the favor, washing the short silver blonde hair and running the soapy cloth over John’s lightly tanned skin. He bent down slightly and begin trailing kisses along John’s neck. The doctor couldn’t help but notice Sherlock’s breathing seemed heavier than normal but chose to ignore it until the detective let out a choked sob against the nape of his neck.
The judge made a gesture with her hand to bring them forward. An older blonde around the age of fifty stepped forward along with a short brunette who seemed to be close in age with Emily. They introduced themselves as Emily’s lifelong best friend, Kate, and her mother. The judge asked them a series of questions and they both verified they had seen signs of abuse on Emily’s person during the given time frame. Emily was then asked to continue with her statement.
In the room below Sherlock paced, throwing different shirts all over the room trying to decide what to wear. He officially felt like a 15 year old girl about to go on her first date. He finally decided on a royal blue silk button down and put his normal suit jacket over it.
Sherlock just groaned but let John get up. When he left he couldn't help but notice how empty and cold the bed felt without him. When Sherlock was with John sleeping wasn't difficult or unpleasant, he enjoyed the closeness and how comfortable he felt being around John. Sherlock had never been a physical person, especially not after victor. He would shy away at the slightest brush against him of someone he didn't know. He would fear the person who was angry at him if they made a move that could end with him being touched, even if it wasn't violent. He even would be uncomfortable at times when ms.Hudson refused to stop holding his shoulders or placing a hand on his back while she spoke to him.
Hi friends! I promise a new chapter is in the works and coming your way! It's finals week for me right now so I've got to stay focused on that at the moment, but after that I'm all yours :) I just wanted to let you know that I have created a twitter for my writing and interacting with you all ( if you would ever want to lol)! I will be posting life updates, chapter updates, and just random things to i enjoy on there to hopefully build a better connection with my readers and keep them informed! I am also so INCREDIBLY excited for you all to (hopefully) read the new Johnlock story i've been working on, Suddenly All the Songs Were About You, being released on January 15,2021! I hope you all are doing well! If you have finals coming up i wish you the best of luck and believe in you!
"WE HAVE A CASE! GET UP! A WHOLE FAMILY HAS BEEN KILLED!" Sherlock said as he walked around the room enthusiastically.
Sherlock’s eyes met Victor’s, he sat back, arms folded over his chest and winked at him. Sherlock skin crawled with disgust but in his head he was 18 and having Victor evaluate his body, critiquing it as he stood naked before him trying to decide if he was worthy of a reward or deserving of punishment.
Hello everyone! I want to apologize for the long unplanned break between chapters. I have had some things come up in my personal life that have put me in an emotional place where i haven't felt like writing.  I worked incredibly hard on this chapter and i really really hope you all like it. Thank you so much for reading and your sweet comments, they really do mean so much to me. Lots of love...
"Sherlock it's fine, I just wondered why you picked it since it was a romance movie." John said quickly in an attempt to reassure his friend.
The small court room began filling with people. Press, spectators, the jury, friends and family members and security. The row directly behind Victor was reserved for family or close friends, but the seats all remained empty. Behind Emily sat her parents, her best friend, Sherlock and John. The detective presumed Emily’s case would be discussed first and breathed a sigh of relief. Discussing her case would come with an ease that he would not have the luxury of when presenting his own.
When he arrived back at Baker Street he put away the groceries and then found Sherlock in bed on his laptop. He fondly rolled his eyes before climbing into bed with his detective. Sherlock wrapped an arm around the doctor and kissed him temple. “better?” John asked cautiously. Sherlock nodded, “yes, I’m still…upset and pretty embarrassed but it is what it is.” Sherlock closed the laptop and turned off the lamp. The men cuddled close to one another, both holding their own secrets and shames.
“he abused you differently than he did me. Worse is a relative feeling, an emotion. Just because he never…assaulted you in the same manner he did me- that doesn’t mean you didn’t suffer as much as I did. Everything you feel is just as valid.” Sherlock meant every word of what he said and hoped Emily understood it came only from a place of good intensions.
"Do what you think is right, doctor Watson" Mycroft spoke softly. “despite our childish fued, I am genuinely concerned about him.”
Emily ran her teeth over her bottom lip nervously and rubbed her fingers together, both of which Sherlock picked up on from across the room. “um, well I was actually hoping to talk with Sherlock about something…it’s rather serious.” She spoke softly, her voice nearly wavering. When no one else spoke up Sherlock stood from his chair and leaned against the arm of John’s chair.
Sherlock woke long before John did, the blue light of the clock beamed 4:25 into the darkness of the room. It was too bright, the silence was too loud, his mind was too busy, his body was too hot with John’s strong frame pressed against him. It would be at least another two hours before John would begin to stir, maybe more considering how tired he seemed to be after the activities of last night. The detective inhaled deeply, trying to divert his thoughts to last night rather the impending trial that laid before him…but he couldn’t. He huffed in frustration and moved carefully from John’s side, trying not to wake him. The silk blue dressing gown hung on the bedpost and he slipped it over his shoulders before exiting the bedroom and walking to the sitting room. his briefcase sat on the table, mocking his exhaustion and electric thoughts that kept him in the state. He knew what he was going to have to do tomorrow, had rehearsed it in his head, everything about the case and the trail thus far was tucked away at the front of his mind palace, easy to reach and read through. Yet he felt drawn to open the case and read through all the files once more. Insecurity would be his downfall and he knew it, but he felt helpless to it. The details he planned to share would be more than sufficient to disgust any sane human being, certainly enough to have the entire courtroom-except maybe Victor- pitying him. it was what he and the lawyer had discussed. But what he arranged to share wasn’t the worst of the things that had happened to him, they were surface scratches of the hellish pit that lay below them.
Two hours or so had passed. Sherlock was still deep in his head and it wasn’t until someone wrapped a hand softly around his wrist that he began to come back to reality. He knew it was a little too early for John to be back, and even if he was, he would never interrupt Sherlock when he was in his mind palace, especially not by touching him. When he opened his eyes, Victor was hovering above him. Sherlock stood up quickly and took a step back looking slightly down towards Victor, “what do you want?” Sherlock managed to keep his voice unwavering. “I was with Lestrade who wanted to drop off some of the photographs to you but got caught up with another case, so I offered to bring them.” Victor said as he set a manila file on the coffee table. “how nice of you.” Sherlock mumbled sarcastically.
Sherlock managed to eat around 10 bites of spaghetti and drink all of his wine. After John cleaned up the kitchen he went and sat on the sofa and turned on the telly. Sherlock was busy poking some poor animal with a sharp stick to notice John talking to him.
He and John had decided against any PDA during these days, in an attempt to preserve their privacy. But when Sherlock’s eyes fell on Victor’s bright orange jumpsuit, his breath hitched and he took John’s hand ,who squeezed it reassuringly. He watched as four officers escorted a handcuffed Victor closer to him and John. They all lingered close together in the small waiting area. When Victor walked by he loudly clanked the cuffs together and smirked in Sherlock direction before speaking in a low cynical tone, “ I remember how lovely you used to look in these.” One of the officers jerked him away from the detective and kept him moving into the courtroom. John bit down on his cheek and wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s waist, “I won’t let him touch you. It’s going to be fine.”
When he left Sherlock seemed to go off like a grenade , " why would you tell him it's okay?! Now he will just come in here whenever he feels like it!"
“Then do only what you must for the case. Don’t get too involved with him.” Sherlock threw the dying cigarette to the ground and stomped out the ember. He looked up towards their flat and saw John’s figure stood in the window, shamelessly watching the two of them from above. “Right. Thanks, I suppose.” Greg said awkwardly as he extended his hand to the darker haired man and Sherlock shook it with a nervous smile, “see you after we find Emily.” Sherlock began walking towards the door but then he turned back, “oh, Greg. I need you to do me a favor…The night I go looking for Emily, I’m not taking John with me. I need you to reason with him and keep him from going after me. “ They both nodded in understanding and the DI pulled away.
The day passed with no significant events happening. They said goodnight as usual and retreated to their normal rooms. Sherlock had managed to avoid eating for the entire day without John noticing and he was grateful for that, it's not that he wanted to upset John, quite the opposite actually. He just honestly believed that if he gained anymore weight john wouldn't love him. He stepped onto the scale. Half a pound more than yesterday. Disappointment and shame came over him and he purged anything he could get out of his stomach.
John sighed, he thought about lying but that usually never ended well when dealing with Sherlock. “I’m sorry. I guess I’m pretty worried about what’s going to happen in the next couple of days. I don’t want you getting lost, or hurt, or killed. I’m worried we will get separated from each other when we are down there and not be able to find one another.”
John grabbed the slick from the nightstand and adjusted their positions so that he could finger Sherlock open. He didn’t ask or warn before he added another digit, the reaffirming sounds coming from the taller man said enough about how he was feeling. John placed one last kiss to the back of Sherlock’s shoulder before withdrawing his fingers and laying on his back, “ready?” Sherlock nodded and waited eagerly to feel the stretch of John breeching him. But after several seconds too many without John’s touch Sherlock looked behind him in confusion, “why did you stop?”
" you should be stable now, you have rested and the bleeding stopped a while ago, want to come to tesco with me?"
Hi everyone! i hope you are doing well! Im so sorry for the two week hiatus, finals ended last week (YAY!!) but unfortunately i've had terrible writers block. i cant even tell you how many times i've sat down to write a chapter and felt like it was going no where. so today i forced myself to write this and it really helped. so this chapter may not be my best but it was definitely what i needed to get me back in the groove of things, i may even be in the mood to write and post another one tonight. I really do hope you enjoy it anyway! I hope you all are staying safe and healthy, lots of love <3
Inside the small bathroom Sherlock started the water for the tub, deciding against the quickness of a shower. As the water heated he disrobed and looked into the mirror, he felt very indifferent about the person who was staring back at him. He smiled to himself and welcomed the feeling of indifference. Pouring some bath salts into his water and stirring them around he was about to get in when he remembered the razors tapped to the top of the sink cabinet. He pulled them off and held them in his palm, tracing over them with his finger, careful not to cut himself. The piece of tape held four of them. two boxcutter blades, one from a broken shaving razor and the last was from a pencil sharpener he took apart, the very first time he marred his skin. That blade was dull, had traces of rust on it by now but he had kept it. Of all the ridiculous things he had let himself feel sentiment towards, that sharpener blade had to be the most ridiculous. He looked at it and saw lonely nights and cold days, where the only warmth was when his own blood pooled at the top of his skin. The thought of getting rid of that blade seemed unfathomable…until now. He was sure the feelings would shift day by day, but in this moment he wouldn’t have felt anything if those blades disappeared. For better or worse he would always have the memories they left behind. He put them on the counter and stopped the water before delicately climbing into the tub and leaning his head back to relax.
"What is there to talk about, you obviously know what's going on" sherlock said hurt and embarrassed.
“Are you aware about having neither you nor your lawyer testify you will almost certainly be found guilty of all charges.”
John and Lestrade stood still, eyes fixed on the screens above them. Greg tore his gaze away first, only to look at his friend. John’s expression was blank, but his eyes were glazed over- the way water pools on top of glass. The answer to their problem was no longer waiting and Greg knew it pointless to even still suggest it.
John couldn’t speak. His heart swelled in his chest and he knew he would never be able to say no to this incredible man kneeling in front of him. He nodded slowly, making Sherlock grin. The detective got on his feet, grabbed John’s hand and slid the glimmering metal onto his finger. John sat up, trying his best not to wince from his sore chest, and pulled Sherlock into a tight hug. He could feel Sherlock’s fingers run through the feathers on his wings. They’d been pressed down into the mattress for far too long, making them ache. The touch had a wonderful relaxing effect. He sighed with contentment into Sherlock’s shoulder. He could get used to this.
“Nothing of importance. Just wanting to look at another case, as usual,” the detective mumbled. John nodded and leaned back against his chair. He let his gaze move to the window. Owl should be back any minute. He couldn’t do this unless she was there. What if something went wrong? What if-
“L-O-O-K O-U-T? Look out for what?” He crashed into a garbage bin and almost fell over. The laughter that came from the rooftop echoed through the phone in his hand.
Their first job together came a month later. Christmas was over, a new year was upon them, and John had been miserable the entire time. He missed Baker Street more than he wanted to admit. All the crazy things happening 24/7 and the peculiar people dropping by to get help from the consulting detective and his friend. But they weren’t friends anymore, and the thought that he probably wouldn’t meet Sherlock again made his heart ache. Owl had tried to cheer him up by giving him a new hand gun and a more updated outfit for him to be able to join her on her jobs. He’d felt a little better, but he still couldn’t get the man out of his head. The more he thought about the incident, the more it felt like something was off about it.
Sherlock sighed as the car pulled to a stop in front of the familiar building. Just walking through the silent halls made his skin crawl. He had a bad feeling about this meeting. He had learned to trust his instincts, but this time he really wanted to forget about them. His curiosity, however, made him continue forward towards the room where his brother waited.
Sherlock nodded at her before turning his attention back to John. The man had started to shiver slightly and was pulling his wings as close to him as he could, just to try to keep himself warm. Sherlock noticed how blue he was because of the lack of oxygen.
“I’ll be right behind you,” Owl reassured him. John could hear her wings beat behind him, obviously warming up the muscles before the flight.
“You know, I think John would hate it if you left without saying goodbye,” John put the gun down on the table. He moved carefully to not startle the man further. “He needs you just as much as you need him, you hear me, Sherlock? Don’t you dare leave him now.”
“I’m not going to argue with you on that,” John croaked out through his dry throat. Sherlock spun around in the chair. When he registered that John was awake, he tumbled out of it and more or less crawled up to his side like a shameful dog. He grabbed John’s hand and squeezed it tightly. “Did you miss me?”
A small tap on the doorframe made them both look up. Owl grinned at them as she walked into the room.
“No, course not. I’m just… I would really like to marry you, John. We can even have a ceremony, if you’d like, even though it’s just traditional nonsense and a waste of money,” he rambled out making John sigh.
“Yeah, I found them with some of your old things in the attic at the farm. You know the things you gave to me before you joined the army?” Owl explained. “I thought you missed them.”
“Since this assassin showed up, you’ve constantly, if only subconsciously kept coming up with the same unlikely scenarios as Anderson would come up with.”
John closed his eyes for a moment, trying to figure out what to do when Sherlock woke up. He should tell him about his feelings. The sooner the better, right? If he didn’t, he might never do it. Even if Sherlock rejected him, he’d feel better just staying friends. Maybe he could just tell him that having a crush on the man was the thing he’d been hiding from him, and then the detective would never know about his wings? Sherlock would probably find out after a while, but then this case would be finished, and he wouldn’t have to worry about it, anyway.
“I can’t live without you,” the man started to sob. John continued closer to him, feeling his heart beat faster.
“How long was I asleep?” he asked quietly, scared of his own voice. It was incredibly hoarse and his throat hurt like hell.
“I didn’t mean on me,” he frowned. “I need sleep, too, you know. I’ve been out all night hunting that serial killer of yours.”
“Fine, I’ll see you tomorrow, then,” she rolled her eyes and walked out of the room. John was left alone and decided to get a glass of water before he went to sleep. He was exhausted both emotionally and physically after the long night, and he really needed some good sleep. The problem was that he couldn’t. He was totally awake and it annoyed him immensely. In the end, he finally drifted off.
“Hold still, it’ll warm up eventually,” Owl scolded him. He tried to relax, but flinched at an especially sore spot. She finished up and put the small bottle on the coffee table. “There, now we just wait a bit for the skin to soften slightly. You’re going to be fine, just take it easy.”
“When will he be here?” John walked up to her and helped clean up. It wasn’t that much of a mess, so it only took a couple of minutes.
“Don’t bother with him, Miss Adler,” Sherlock glanced over at her. He continued with an irritated sneer: “He’s not been feeling too well this week.”
“John?” Sherlock watched the wings relax and curl up against the assassin’s back. John didn’t look at him, just continued to stare down at the unconscious man beneath him. His shoulders were tense, he was breathing hard and his hands were fists against his thighs.
Their attention shifted to John who had tried to disappear into the couch while the two had been talking. She definitely knew.
for some reason, and that just made it worse. I’m not good with my emotions, John, and I called Lestrade, since I didn’t know what to do, and you were just laying on the floor, not moving, and I didn’t know how to get you up again, so I saw the gun and at least that got you moving, but you looked so empty and not at all like yourself, so I freaked out even more. I didn’t know what I was saying, so I ended up saying something idiotic, and I’m so sorry, John.”
“I wouldn’t have said it if I didn’t,” Irene said as she let go of the wing. “Okay, it’s getting late, doctor. I’m sure Mr. Holmes will be home soon.”
The light feeling of relief that had washed over him a minute ago was gone. Fear once again settled in his stomach and he wanted to puke. Sherlock continued:
John tried his best not to laugh at the rambling. He hugged the man tighter and was about to say something when he felt the detective go limp in his arms.
“Yes, fine,” he pulled Sherlock up from the couch and dragged him through the kitchen towards his bedroom. This was the first time they shared a bed. The thought made the detective feel oddly shy for once. He watched as John pulled his black jumper over his head and face plant into the pillows.
A short trip later and they were standing in front of Irene’s front doors, ringing the doorbell. Her assistant opened for them and asked them to wait in the living room. Irene joined them shortly after, thankfully wearing a black dress.
“Of course not,” she grinned and placed the phone against her ear. “Now shush, it’s ringing,” she waited for a minute. “Oh, Sherlock, it’s terrible!” the old woman put up quite a show as she explained that they’d had a break in, and that the entire place was turned upside down. She winked at John who grinned at her. When she hung up, she grabbed the cups and walked into the kitchen.
(Okay, I just really wanted to draw John with those goggles, so here you go, I hope you enjoy it XD)
“Does it say anything about how to contact them?” John sat down in his own chair as Sherlock read through the message, memorising every detail he could get from it.
“You love it,” John placed their foreheads together and gazed lovingly into the detective’s blue eyes. Sherlock blinked a few times at the intense stare of his best friend. “Or was it something else you wanted me to do?”
He turned just in time to see the detective staring after them with wide eyes. Sirens were screaming in the distance, not knowing that their prisoner had just escaped.
“One second, Sherlock,” John put them on and turned so the detective could see. They were a pair of vintage steam punk goggles. Sherlock raised an eyebrow, clearly not amused. “I stole them on a job, once,” John giggled and shoved the goggles up to his forehead. “I was getting frustrated that I couldn’t see much when I dove, so I tried to find something to shield my eyes from the wind. I broke into a vintage shop and found these. I used them all the time.”
“Sherlock!” he shouted getting the detective’s attention. Sherlock spun around, pointing the gun at him.
He went into the living room and watched the setting sun as it sunk slowly towards the horizon. He didn’t have to wait long before he heard the front door slam open and footsteps run up the stairs. A moment later, the door to the flat opened and Sherlock stood frozen in the doorway as he noticed John standing in front of the window.
He walked out into the cool evening air and over to the car that was waiting for him. He continued to think about his friend the whole way back to Baker Street. Was he even his friend? One of his only friends were an assassin. Maybe it was a coincidence?
“Thank you,” Mycroft sighed in relief and got to his feet. “A car will be waiting for you outside when you’re out. It’ll take you to Baker Street. I’ll see you soon.”
“Did they ever figure out who it was?” John tried to sound normal. Ask a question, seem interested, control the panic. He got a concerned glance from Sherlock, reminding him that the man didn't know about his past, and that he had to get it together before he had a full on panic attack. That would ruin him for sure.
“Then you should know better about how to treat yourself,” the assassin sighed before leaving the room again.
“Well, if they wanted her dead, the one that gave us the job must have been one of the serial killers, right?”
“You mean real wings with feathers, like birds?” Lestrade frowned. Just saying it out loud sounded stupid. If he just knew...
“I’m expecting you to do the right thing when you’re able to prove his guilt,” Mycroft dragged him out of his thoughts. Sherlock decided not to meet his gaze. His emotions were running wild. For once he hoped Mycroft was toying with him, even though it was unlikely.
He got up from the bed and waited for the guard to open the door. He held his hands out for the man to put on the handcuffs and followed him to the visiting area. He sat down by one of the tables, almost surprised that no one else was there. The guard left him, making John confused. Was this normal?
With his hands folded under his chin, Sherlock probably enjoyed the silence in the living room. The early morning sun shimmered through the halfway closed curtains.
John nodded and crawled out of his little wing fort. He got up and stretched out his wings one last time before folding them into the skin again, making sure he took his time. The pain was still terrible, but not as bad as it was earlier. The gunshot wound made it a bit more difficult because of the stiffness. The blood had dried, too, making it even less flexible.
“Are you serious?” she stopped applying the fabric and met his determined gaze. “You are. I thought you said you were done killing people for money?”
John shook his head and looked out over the huge field they were standing in. A thin layer of snow covered the ground. It was really cold, and for a moment, he regretted not taking Owl’s offer to fetch him a jumper. She’d brought one anyway. The black fabric was tied around her waist in case he’d need it.
John frowned. Was he really that much of an influence on the detective? He knew he’d been a lot better after he moved into the flat, but that the detective shut down entirely when he left was hard to believe.
“It could just be some guy wanting to end drug dealing to children,” John said and regretted it the moment the words left his lips. Not only was that statement highly unlikely, but it was stupid enough to grab Sherlock attention.
“Go back to sleep, I’ll be back in a second,” he lied. John was snoring again moments later, and he let out the breath he didn’t know he’d been holding.
John sighed and watched as the flashlight reached the end of the building. It disappeared for a few seconds before reappearing on the next roof. He frowned as he read the message that was being flashed at him.
After walking a few blocks down he pulled out his phone and the note he got from Irene. He entered the number and hit call before rising the device up to his ear. Someone answered after three rings.
“Seems like it,” the DI sighed and sat down behind the desk. The case had been wearing him out, it seemed.
Sherlock ripped the files out of the DI's hand and opened them. John wanted to take the files from him and burn them. He remembered that case. They had tried to hunt his sister and him down, never succeeding, but close enough to get almost all the information Sherlock would need to solve the case.
John hurried over to the window and got a glimpse of the black car that he associated with Mycroft. He began to think about what the older Holmes brother had trouble with this time, but then he realised he was left alone with Irene.
John grabbed the detectives coat, trying to get the man even closer. There was too much space between them. He needed this. He had been needing this for quite some time, actually. Now he finally had it. Or did he?
“I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to, it just sort of… happened,” Sherlock apologised and started to take a step back.
“Lestrade and the Yard got the one we had a name on, and Owl got the last guy. You've been asleep for a couple of days. The bulled caused some severe internal bleeding, and your chest cavity had started filling with blood. They almost lost you…
He walked out and got into his clothes, grabbing his coat and made his way out into the street. It was still early spring, making the evening cold. He pulled his coat closer around himself, cursing his low fat-level. He got a cab and made his way over to the last place one of the serial killers had been. He hoped he’d be able to find some sort of clue to figure out where he’d probably strike next.
"Right, thanks I guess. I'm going to shower" John said untangling himself from his lover, " if you need anything just yell for me, I should be out in a few minutes."
Not long after John had gone to work, Sherlock went to NSY. His hands were clammy with nerves and he felt like the smallest being in the universe. He pulled open the large glass doors to the lobby and was greeted by the same receptionist who had been there since his early twenties. She mustered up a fake smile, “good morning, Sherlock, detective inspector Lestrade is out right now-”
A mumbled “yes, captain.” was spoken so quietly John thought he must have misheard. He grinned as he licked across Sherlock’s collar bone, “down boy.” He teased back earning a small laugh from his lover. “it’s late and you especially need to sleep-“ John began but was cut off by a plea of objections from Sherlock. John pressed a finger to the other man’s babbling lips and quieted him. “all I was going to say was that I’m keeping the foreplay to a minimum.” He leaned forward kissing Sherlock hard, “I’m going to make you so tired you’ll sleep until noon.” He whispered in Sherlock ear and the detective moaned loudly as he raised him hips to gain friction from John’s thigh.
The judge called for a recess and the courtroom dismissed into the hallway. John chased after Sherlock who was hot on Mycroft’s heels.
"It's alright, I'm really happy for you all, I mean we all kinda suspected but you know how it is. I just didn't expect to see you all about to shag when I came in."
Their shower was kept pretty short, sparing only extra time for lazy kisses and fond touches. Sherlock was out of his blissed out haze but falling into one of tiredness. He was trying to read on his phone, but John watched as his eyes would fall shut before quickly opening again. The doctor took the phone from Sherlock’s hand and plugged it into its charger on the beside table. He wrapped an arm around Sherlock who had already settled into his normal position of his head on John’s chest and one leg draped in between John’s. “ I love you, John.” Sherlock said clearly. John was sure the detective heard his heart skip a beat. Leave it to Sherlock Holmes to make the most generic name in the world sound special.
The question caught John off guard in the moment, but it wasn’t entirely unexpected. “oh God yes, Sherlock.” He let his response linger in the space between them. “but we don’t need to have that conversation right now. What matters the most to me now is that you are safe and back with me.” John’s voice had shifted from harsh to understanding as the sentence unfolded.
“no…stay.” Sherlock mumbled, face slightly squished into the pillow. John didn’t know whether that meant inside him, on top of him, or both. Opting for the safe choice he didn’t move from where he was, only planting kisses near where his head rested on Sherlock’s shoulder.
" Sherlock I don't want anything right now, I want to get you dressed and make sure you don't have a concision."
There were several audible gasps in the courtroom and all eyes fell on the raven-haired detective, who was shocked himself. Emily never mentioned this to him. John was bouncing his leg in frustration glaring towards the opposite side of the courtroom where Victor sat. Lestrade’s eyes went wide and locked with Anderson and then Donovan’s. Mycroft remained unfazed until his mother grabbed his hand and he felt compelled to comfort her.
Lestrade had truly turned on the charm for tonight’s date, and if he didn’t know that Victor had kidnapped his own sister he would have actually been interested in the guy. As the wine flowed, so did their conversations. It seemed as if they had talked about every event from their lives. The restaurant was closing and had to ask the men to leave, but the DI hadn’t obtained the information he had sought out yet. They stood near Victor’s car under the street lamps, “I don’t really want to go yet…” Lestrade trailed off, looking towards the sidewalk and holding one of Victor’s hands in front of them.
John thought for a moment, “yeah, I am. Don’t get me wrong, I have my worries about it…and you, but I’m okay. You know I am going to protect you at any cost, right?”
“Yes. Please, John. I just want to be alone for a bit.” Sherlock’s voice had returned to its normal tone, but John knew his boyfriend was still hurting.
“Emily… can you talk to me?” he asked, and she tried to speak but was too hoarse to make out a word, so she shook her head no.
"Sherlock!" John at this point was quickly approaching angry that his friend wouldn't eat." Sorry, look I'm just really worried about you. When was the last time you have eaten?" John sighed.
“sometimes, but I became very good at hiding them. If they ever pried too much about them, I would stop going to their houses.”
“no, I can’t take this to Lestrade. It deals with Emily Trevor’s case and he’s too involved to deal with this one as well.” Sherlock adjusted his posture.
“I’m not here to see Lestrade. I need to speak with sergeant Bradshaw.” He interrupted. The receptionist just nodded and pick up her phone.
The detective shook his head before cradling himself into John's neck and inhaling deeply. He furrowed his eyebrows when he noticed something poking his hip, he soon realized what it was and was torn between being uncomfortable and wanting to giggle.
“Sherlock… love, when has there ever been a time that I haven’t fully supported and respected your decisions when it comes to something you care so deeply about?”
“ I also will be charging Victor Trevor with emotional abuse, torture, tampering with evidence, and facilitation to prostitution.” Eyes widened around the courtroom, knowing how rare it was for a judge to inflict sentences that weren’t originally tried for. Victor sat nearly unbothered, but it seemed a small dose of reality was beginning to strike him. “ each of those will add an additional five years onto his sentence. All charges combined between miss. Trevor and Mr. Holmes case- Victor Trevor is sentenced to 105 years without possibility of release. This court is adjourned.”
“Stop.” The judge interrupted sharply. “ I don’t care about Sherlock right now, I’ve read his case and he will have time to speak his side. I’m only interested in you and your brother right now. Got it?”
He and Sherlock both were addicts in their own respect and were in need of a fix. Two different kinds of fixes, but both that felt good in the moment and shame in the after. John held himself to a high standard, always dedicated to helping rather than hurting, but he couldn’t be the good doctor all the time. He had once head butted a member of Scotland yard for calling Sherlock a weirdo, if you ask him- he showed Victor mercy.
Sherlock stopped dead in his tracks and was surprised to feel tears prick the back of his eyes. “ that’s too mundane for me. You interview him and send me the transcript.”
Sherlock broke into a huge smile as he sat himself on John’s lap, letting his legs dangle over the arm of the chair. John wrapped an arm around his lover’s waist, “Proud of yourself?” John asked with a smug look on his face and Sherlock nodded. “I cannot believe you just convinced Lestrade to take Victor on a date,” John said with a chuckle.
The detectives head jerked up immediately, “you remember me…” he trailed off and Emily nodded trying her best to give him a faint smile. “are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?” he inquired calmly as he began to pull the first aid kit from the bag.
“do you want me to call doctor Melendez, he’s available to fill in if you need to go after you finish up with your patient.” She offered and John graciously accepted.
Sherlocked adjusted his position slightly higher on the bed and looked up at John, his eyes still watering from gagging. He was stroking the doctor’s cock in a steady rhythm. John thought he could have came then and there just looking at the detective, but nothing prepared him for what Sherlock said next.
John once again sat alone; a feeling of numbness seemed to have taken hold on his being. He couldn’t cry, couldn’t be scared, or angry. He just stared at the televisions in disbelief.
“ I fell asleep.” His voice was calm, “ sorry to scare you.” He bent his knees and sunk further into the now  cooling water.
John smiled even though Sherlock couldn’t see him and lifted Sherlock lower body off his lap. The detective moved up the bed and positioned himself on all fours. John shook his head and repositioned Sherlock onto his back as he peppered kisses over his body. “no darling, I want to see you.” He spoke softly as he laid his lover down. John kissed Sherlock’s neck, making sure to leave a small mark. He gently sucked each of his nipples and trailed his hands down Sherlock frame. The foil packets on the bedside caught his attention at the last second. “ do you want me to wear a condom? I know your clean I saw your test at the hospital, I am too.” John said, managing not to break the mood. Sherlock shook his head slightly, “ if we are both clean what the point?” he asked redundantly. Before John could interject Sherlock spoke up, “ I don’t care about the clean up afterwards.  I just want to feel you.”
What wasn't perfect was the fact he had morning wood and was still pressed against Sherlock, which only made it worse. He tried to will it away but to no avail. He stayed wrapped around his lover and silently pleaded for him not to notice.
"The middle doesn't have any of the traits of his brother and sister or of the parents. I would say he is adopted."
The flight from London to Paris was short and John and Sherlock were soon unloading their luggage at their hotel located in the 1st arrondissement. Sherlock spoke French with ease to the concierge who handed over their key card.
I really hope you all enjoy this chapter! Thank you all so much for over 9,000 reads- it means so much to me! SO A LITTLE UPDATE: This story is approximately 10 or less chapters from COMING TO AN END... however, feedback from you all could potentially change a few things. I could either end this story with an epilogue or do a continuation/spin off that will basically just be chapters of sherlocks progression, his and johns relationship, and will definitely include lots of smut and fluff as Sherlock continues to recover and grow.
"I can't, you’re in my lap." Sherlock moved up long enough for John to get up and then laid back down.
“Where’s Victor?” John asked, making his way towards Sherlock and wrapping his arm around his thin waist. Sherlock flinched and a look of concern was plastered on John’s face, it had been weeks since Sherlock reacted to something as small as that.
“yeah, one bottle.” He dug through the bag and handed it to her, along with the last granola bar “here.”
Sherlock had been walking for hours, his feet were throbbing in pain and itching from the water they had treaded earlier. Overall, he was uncomfortable and tired- but most of all he was frustrated at the turn of events, knowing Victor had to have found out. The detective continued walking in the direction he and Billy had been headed but decided to forgo his warning not to yell…how much worse could things get.
“Oh, shit, you’re right! What am I going to do?” John sank down to the floor and let his wings curl around him like a feathery shield. He closed his eyes. The thought of losing Sherlock made this case even worse now that he figured out he loved him.
“May I?” Sherlock reached out slowly towards the wings. John sighed and stretched them out as much as the flat allowed. They weren’t big enough to reach the ends, but they were still huge. Beautiful brown, red and white feathers decorated them.
“Just pluck it,” John said and moved his wing down so he could watch the detective. Sherlock stared at the feather. He didn’t want to hurt the man.
“I must really have been out of it to make you this worried,” John sighed before realising his mistake. Sherlock stared at him, his expression pained, before pulling away. John reached out and took a hold of his wrist. “And,” he continued as he watched the detective carefully. “It’s really sweet of you. I was gone for a while, wasn’t I?” Sherlock nodded, looking down at John’s hand. John dragged him closer and touched his cheek gently. “I love you too, Sherlock Holmes. With all my heart.”
Owl shushed him and pulled him into a hug. He hadn’t sobbed in years, but right now he wanted nothing more than to cry and feel sorry for himself. He wanted to scream. He felt so utterly stupid for even thinking for a second that the great consulting detective, the amazing Sherlock Holmes, would ever look at him as anything else than a criminal if he found out his secret. And now he was out of the closet, too. The emotions were raging through him. He couldn’t stop clinging to his partner as he continued to sob. He didn’t even realise she helped him to the guest room before he was laying on his stomach on the soft bed. She stayed with him as he started to drift off into a dreamless sleep. The darkness was welcoming as he slipped into it.
And what would he do if he actually did have wings on his back? Giving him to the police seemed wrong, but not saying anything would be worse if John ever got caught. Mycroft would know if he didn’t get him arrested. Which would make it even better to not tell anyone, to be honest.
The suggestive tone made John blush furiously as he spluttered, trying to come up with something to say. When he couldn’t, he nodded and pulled his wings tight against his back.
He could hear it in the distance. Nothing much, just a tiny whisper of… something. He couldn’t place it, nor understand it. It just was. Nothing made sense. Darkness surrounded him, but somehow the comfort of it was breath-taking. He wanted to fear it, but he couldn’t. It cuddled close to him, whispering, singing softly into his ear. It told him to wake up. To come back.
with a small smiley face. He guessed she’d already left for the day, probably going to the city to buy some more supplies. He decided he couldn’t wait for her to get back, so he quickly scribbled a thank-you note and put on his gear. He put on his leg holster just in case something happened.
“I just need to get home first,” The doctor moved his wounded shoulder to try and feel how damaged it was. Judging by what Irene had said, it was quite clean, not too much jagged edges.
“I think you’ll have to keep the wings out until the skin has healed,” she said as she started to untangle some of the feathers. “And you should probably preen them. They look like they’ve been through hell and back.”
“John, I’m starting to get worried about you, now,” Sherlock sighed and got up from the chair, already on his way to get his coat. “You’ve been acting different from the moment this case started, and I’m starting to suspect you know something I don’t. Which is pointless, given the reason I’ll figure it out anyway. What are you hiding from me?”
Sherlock waved him off and sat up. John resisted the urge to walk over and kiss him right there and then.
They were just about to leave when one of the police officers came charging into the office. Sherlock had just gotten his coat on, and John was moments away from being hit by the door slamming open. Thankful for his reflexes, he jumped out of the way just as the door came rushing towards him.
He started to tuck in his wings as he waited for the water to boil. He got them in effortlessly and rolled his shoulders to get them to settle better against his body.
“You’re not going to tell him it’s me, right? He might bring the entire force.” John glanced at her.
“Don’t mention it,” the assassin jumped to another building. John felt a lot safer now that he knew she had his back if anything happened.
The man looked slightly baffled. John wanted to enjoy the moment, listen to the deductions and just feel like he usually did when Sherlock worked. Sadly, his amazement was pushed down by the thought of being so close to where his former partner had just finished one of her jobs.
What had shocked him the most was the detective’s appearance. He looked like he’d been starving himself. He was so thin and almost fragile that John almost wanted to shoot him just to put him out of his misery. Or maybe it was because he was mad the detective probably
“It’s about an assassin going by the name of ‘Owl’,” Sherlock said. “He’s been quite busy the last week.”
John scratched the back of his head. After he’d left her to join the military, he’d lost contact with her all together. He hadn’t seen or heard from her in years, which also meant she didn’t know about his injuries.
How was he even going to get a look at John’s back without making it seem weird. He could say it was for a case, but considering their circumstances, John would probably just find an excuse to leave. He could sneak into his room and peek, but even that was a little not good. He still respected his privacy. Sometimes. Okay, not so often, but that seemed like a wrong thing to do, even for him. Maybe he could just ask him? Nah, too boring.
“It’s going to be okay, Sherlock,” John choked out. The detective felt completely helpless as he tried to find out where the wound was.
Sherlock called the ambulance as soon as his phone was on, and told them what had happened. He met John’s eyes and felt himself calm down slightly. He watched as Owl sat down beside her old partner, motioning for Sherlock to sit down on his other side. The detective settled against John, grabbing his hand and holding it firmly.
Sherlock sighed and curled up further on the couch, playing with John’s feather. It was one of the darker ones from the top of the wing. It was fascinating how the colour spread from really dark, almost black, brown and turned into a light golden the closer to the edge it got. It was beautiful.
The car stopped outside Sherlock’s flat. John took a moment to settle his nerves, before stepping out onto the sidewalk. He watched as they drove off down the street when a gunshot was heard from inside. He didn’t waste another moment before charging into the building and up the stairs. More gunshots followed, and for a moment John almost thought Sherlock was fighting someone. That is until he opened the door and watched the detective run around, firing bullets all over the place.
“Oh, look who’s awake,” Owl came barging in with a tray. “Little miss Sunshine woke up from her beauty sleep,” she put it down on the bedside table and went to open the curtains. “I brought you some brunch.”
“Maybe I wasn’t finished?” he kissed Sherlock’s nose. The detective made an annoyed sound. John ignored him, continuing to kiss everywhere else other than his mouth.
John watched as he walked out of the room. The guard came back to follow him to his cell. When the guard asked if he was okay, he couldn’t answer. He was too nervous of what to expect when he got back to Sherlock.
He picked it up and pulled it over his head again, cringing as the stiches scratched against the fabric. He let a hand run carefully down to where his wings began. It had been a while since he actually felt his feathers. It was a weird sensation. The feathers were tightly pressed into the pockets, which meant they looked almost 2D through the holes, but if you touched them, it was something else entirely. You could feel all the individual feathers against your fingertips.
“Long time no see…” The man trailed off as he turned around. He faltered when he saw the detective. All colour vanished from his face, and he almost looked horrified. Sherlock wanted to make that look go away. He knew what he looked like. He knew what the last six months had done to him, and he wasn’t proud of it.
“We’ve got the name on one of them, which I believe the Yard would be able to catch themselves. John and Owl will stalk out the rest of the city, waiting for the other two to strike,” he explained the plan and Lestrade looked almost hopeful for once.
“Bloody, that’s for sure,” she stretched out a hand to touch it, but seemed to stop herself. “Nothing too serious,” she added quickly to reassure him. “Just a crack in the skin. It’ll heal in no time at all. You should probably be a bit more careful the next time you unfold your wings, though. Give it some more time to stretch, if you know what I mean.”
He got a reply almost immediately, just telling him that she would tell him when she got back. He sighed and for the first time in a week, he felt his shoulders relax. It lasted about a minute until the tear got stuck in his jumper again. He let out a small hiss before hurrying into the bathroom and got the first aid kit. He found an extra mirror so it would be easier to see what he was doing. He sighed as he saw the blood. It wasn’t that bad, he’d definitely had worse, but it was in a difficult position. He’d have to bend his arm at an awkward angle if he was to reach it. For a moment he even considered to just clean it and let it be, but decided against it.
“Three bodies at the time, all in different places. We’ve come close to catching them, but they’re quick. There has to be three of them, and they have to work together, or at least have some sort of communication, since it’s always on the same night. We finally got a witness, and I was talking to her when you shot her,” Sherlock gave him a side-glance.
He looked down at the jumper he’d been wearing. It was bloody, but not too bad. It’d probably look even more suspicious if he changed his jumper right after he’d gotten home.
He turned on his heel and stalked out the door. The thought of getting John arrested made him want to hurl. The doctor was his best friend. He knew everyone expected him to do the right thing, being a man working for the side of the angels. Angels. John had been called an angel in his army days. He’d saved lives, not taken them. Or maybe he had, he just never said much about it. He
“Stop smiling, John,” Sherlock glared at him. That was the moment John found the courage to meet the detective’s eyes. It was fun seeing the detective falter for a moment.
The moment he hit the floor; he knew it was over. The life in 221B Baker Street would never be the same. John had let his feelings take control over the situation, and he ended up getting burned.
“He’s shutting down, John,” the man seemed to deflate and almost looked like a wounded animal. Another flare of uneasiness shot through John. “I’m afraid he won’t make it for much longer if nothing changes. He’s not eating, not sleeping, he just sits there, staring straight ahead holding a feather. I tried to take it away from him, if only to get a reaction. I got him to look at me, but he never said a word, just sat there. I… I don’t know what to do, other than to ask you.”
