“HE’S GUILTY,” a man roared, launching to his feet in the front of the gallery. Guards immediately raised their weapons. “THAT BASTARD KILLED MY FRIEND, AND-”
“Hey,” Bucky murmured, voice soft and uncertain. “Do you remember when we were kids, and we used to read messages in the stars?”
He adjusted the controls without saying a word, moving the portal a few hundred feet to the west of its original coordinates, hoping,
Carol looked up at him and nodded, and Steve coughed. “Order,” he called. His voice didn’t even waver. He tried to feel proud.
Tony lifted his head, blinking blearily. One cheek still had an imprint of his hand on it, and Steve had to resist the urge to kiss him. “What’s wrong?”
Tony cleared his throat and stood, but Hammer flew to his feet. “Now, your majesty, I understand that you’re interested in having new weapons for the upcoming, uh, war, as it were, and I would like to make it clear that the Academy holds a great many academic minds who are more than capable of developing exactly what Marvel needs. Surely you think we are more trustworthy than
“They show no sense of self-preservation,” Jane broke in, tapping a paragraph. He glanced up at her. “They synchronise their attacks. What kind of creature leaps directly into battle with no regard for defense? How are they all acting as one?”
“No, I swore I would put it in the safest place I knew of. I also swore I would protect Marvel after your death. It’s obviously safest with you, and you protect Marvel like your life depends on it. I’ve killed two birds with one stone and absolved myself of any ongoing responsibility.” Tony stared at him, stunned momentarily out of his anger. Strange took a sip of his wine. “Elegant, yes?”
The best thing, though, was that to study them, she could justifiably keep any kind of schedule she liked, in order to avoid the very people she hated.
That night was quiet. Many soldiers slept, tired from their training and the exhaustion of dread, but Steve couldn’t. He stood on the battlements and stared across the fields, heart beating far too loud in his ears.
The cup Steve had been washing shattered against the tiles, and the few customers they had swivelled to look. “He said
The excitement and hope that washed over the stranger’s face were strangely intoxicating, and Anthony felt a fluttering in his empty chest. “But I don’t know… where” he finished, distracted by the tingling under his skin.
The strangest thing seemed to happen - something in Anthony’s stone chest fluttered, and his vision snapped clearer, and suddenly, in a rush, memories flooded in.
He ignored the thought, taking aim at a target positioned further away. This time he let the shield fly with more anger behind it, more frustration, and the thing damn near broke the target and sliced through a closer one on its way back to Steve’s waiting hands. He barely paused, taking aim again, throwing his entire weight behind it as he let out a yell. It came back with enough force that Steve was jerked around with it when he caught it.
. It seemed to be some kind of small city, bordering on the edge of cold stark wilderness that Steve was stumbling from, three days with no food or water or hope to sustain him.
They finally found what they were looking for in a large box in the corner, with a collection of files belonging to the dead. It was a single long piece of card paper, covered in a long list of incidents dated from the midst of Marvel’s last war. They scanned the list together, Tony humming in surprise when he found a collection of entries from the day the war had ended.
The man led him back to the strange room Anthony called home. Anthony followed, soft and silent, marvelling at how the grass felt under his feet - as though suddenly, in this man’s presence, he became less stone and more flesh. The man sat down against the wall, let his head fall back against it with a thud. His eyes were closed, and Anthony knelt in front of him.
Tony stood tall among the archers that lined Marvel’s ramparts, watching with dread as a small battalion approached from the west. They brought with them a wagon, with a machine that Tony couldn’t quite place, until Steve’s troops ran to meet them.
, when he set out to find a way to break the damn thing open, but the fact that he still had his carefully sculpted goatee was a wild success on its own.
The odd thing is that Anthony could remember something; a wayward memory of a bright room with machines that made smoothies and a talking voice and axle grease on human hands that vaguely resembled his own. He remembered searching for information, and he remembered a moment of discovery and triumph, and he remembered an alarm and a rush to take to the skies.
“’I wanted to protect you, more than anything else in the world’. Clear as day, right there, next to the moon.”
That left Clint with more questions than answers, though. How did the kid even have powers? Why were his webs found on Iron Man’s victims?
“Oh, it’s just that simple?” Tony snapped, sarcastically, head tilted to the side. “You just snap your fingers and voila, someone who was rightfully dead is back to normal?”
Silence. Steve glanced helplessly at Fury, who stared impassively back at him from the prosecution stand. Steve understood, of course - there was nobody who
The woman beside the horse was surrounded by guards and servants, but Steve would recognise her anywhere. She turned to face him, her eyes a little wild, and relief flooded her features even as she wavered on her feet.
floated through the angel’s head, the sound not matching up with the movement of the stranger’s lips. The angel wondered who they were talking about.
Tony frowned and flipped through the notebook, stopping at a page with a triumphant cheer. “I KNEW I STILL HAD THESE NOTES.”
“And now, they’re out there fighting - on the other side of the walls, outside the city, close enough for us to hear and see but nowhere near close enough to help. If I could just fly…”
He hadn’t forgotten the boy who’d been attacked by a Chitauri. The kid worked in the stables, close enough that Clint had been able to quietly watch him from the rooftops without him noticing. The kid definitely had powers - Clint was faintly surprised he’d avoided suspicion so far, considering how fucking
Peggy took her seat, and the room fell silent. Steve let the news settle before he finally broke the quiet. “Have we any new word from Asgard?”
She ducked away from his shoulders, marching toward the door, gritting her teeth. “Fuck you,” she hissed out, venom dripping from every pore.
“No, you’re not,” Tony told him. “Thanks, by the way,” he said to Clint. “Tell Bruce and Nat thanks too.”
met Steve’s eyes - but Steve couldn’t get a read on his expression. It almost seemed like Bucky was apologising to him - as though the prince didn’t just feel guilty for the Winter Soldier’s crimes, but for something against Steve himself.
The sky above was overcast, but he could still see patches of blue through it. He latched onto that, stared desperately up at the sky, even as he felt his heart collapsing. For the second time, he’d lost everything. He let himself go numb, even as he sat up to press his hands to his eyes and block out the world a little longer. Then he looked up, wiped a tear of frustration away, and saw the relic on the altar only a few feet in front of him.
Steve found his pants discarded on the other side of the lounge and pulled them on, amused. Tony had somehow managed to survive the night with his shirt still on; Steve, however, had been far more adventurous. “Those scary spy assassins care about you too, you know.”
It was an all-consuming pain, so much more than just Tony’s remaining life flowing into him, eventually fading away into nothing more than a faint tingle in his fingertips. “Take it back,” he whispered, pulling Tony - Tony’s
There was no immediate way to know how far back in time Tony sent him. It could have been decades - it could have been centuries - but he was here, and he had the relic, and if he managed to get it back into the Avenger’s future possession then maybe he could still save Tony. Even if only from the distant past. He could work out what to do after - he would face this new life head on and move on - but he had a job to do, and he committed himself to it fully. He rolled to his feet and grabbed the relic, turned to survey his environment, and picked a direction.
The man’s face fell. A long moment of silence stretched between them, while Tony stared at the strangers face and wondered why it was so familiar; why he so desperately wanted to reach out and caress it, why he felt a strange ache beneath his skin that he just knew would vanish if he could only touch the stranger’s face for a moment.
defend the prince, nobody that wasn’t tied up in official state business and therefore ineligible to represent an alleged enemy of the state. The system couldn’t change to suit one defendant, even if it meant all of Bucky’s closest allies were forced to act as his prosecutors.
Tony gripped his wrist in his other hand as he finally looked up. His eyes were desperate. “If I could fly, I would help them. Wouldn’t you want to use your magic to help them?”
The team visited the chapel. They found Steve’s phone where it had buzzed and beeped for the past few days, calls going unanswered until finally they realised something must be wrong and turned up in person to investigate. The team was worried, and they asked him questions, but Tony didn’t so much as blink when they close their eyes for his reply. He didn’t know if he
Steve stalked around him, his sword glinting with Tony’s blood. He coughed, and his breath rattled with the next breath. He felt his energy waning but desperately threw all of it into maintaining the armour, into keeping up his anonymity as long as possible. He was selfish. He wanted to pretend that he would go home, and Steve would love him, and never know Iron Man’s secret identity. Would never know Tony’s treasonous betrayal.
Tony could see something behind the heaving mass of Chitauri, partially hidden behind the frame of the portal - giant creature, resembling the Chitauri, and yet so much larger.
“I’m-” his head spun, and he swayed on his knees. Steve paced back to him, and it struck Tony that Steve was holding back; that he was reluctant, even now, to inflict a final blow. The king hesitated before him, blue eyes studying the faceplate, trying to see through it. Trying to understand.
It was still early, still quiet, but Tony was there staring out the window, a fist holding up his chin. He took a sip - or, more, a gulp - and deliberately turned his phone face down when it lit up and buzzed against the counter.
They worked flawlessly together. Every time Tony turned to face another group of Chitauri Steve’s shield was raised, perfectly positioned as a mirror and focus for his beams. When Steve moved to combat a new foe, Tony moved with him and defended his back. Every blow was perfectly timed; every turn like a dance that they had orchestrated together.
He remembered fighting, remembered being overwhelmed and thinking Marvel was doomed but refusing to sink into despair. He remembered fighting his way to the giant portal that the enemy had set up, remembered how he managed to shut the thing down, and then…
, the shadow of what was rapidly being consumed alive by the magic he could now feel running through his veins.
Anthony stared at the ground, at the place where the man - Steve? - had been sitting only moments before, and everything flooded back in. He was awake and aware and suddenly understood that he had been here for weeks, that Steve had visited him
I hate exposition, but until I get around to actually writing the backstories and other worldbuilding stuff I have planned, that bit at the end will just have to do. Luckily, there’s a reason this fic is the first in a series.
Bucky shook his head and pointed up at a particularly bright cluster of stars, shaking Steve’s shoulder when he failed to look up. “Look,” he said, whisper quiet. “Right between those stars. It says ‘I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you everything.”
Something told him he had a home, somewhere else, somewhere very tall, but that made no sense; he could remember nothing before this place, this moment. He left the room, and found a field filled with strange stones that bore the names of strangers, and a forest of buildings on the horizon silhouetted by the early morning sun.
He found he could create a reasonable enough disguise, provided nobody looked too closely. He let his beard grow out and magically darkened his skin. He rearranged the shape of his nose and tried to change the colour of his eyes before his strength wore out and everything reverted to its natural state.
Tony slid his notebook toward him, already sketching out ideas, and Bruce settled into the comforting haze of work.
“It’s a well accepted fact that magic passes from the deceased to the person responsible for their death. The more people a person has killed, the more powerful their skills. We track kill counts for this reason - it’s deeply suspicious for someone to have magic they cannot otherwise explain.”
about Ravenous; I needed a Hydra controlled city so I did a cheeky google and went from there. Please let me know if that's gonna backfire hilariously on me so I can work on making it
Tony turned the book and slid it toward the engineer. Bruce had been expecting something useful - a shield, trebuchets, something along those lines - so he was puzzled at what he saw. “What is that?”
She could lose one page, she told herself, panting slightly in barely suppressed fury. She rearranged the stack of paper in her arms and marched back in the general direction of her tower. She would get the message to the castle herself, tonight, when she’d had a chance to sleep. She was just wondering how she was meant to get an audience with anybody of importance now that Stark was missing when she turned the last corner to her office door and ran directly into the man himself.
8k words long, and if it weren't for uni and work knocking me off my feet, this chapter would have been written muuuch faster.
The man was sad. He stepped closer, stared boldly into Anthony’s face, blond hair falling into eyes that kept Anthony pinned so helplessly, yet seemed to bring him back to life.
“- that’s what I thought. But then this other account-” she picked up another book, flipping through the pages with an air of frustrated urgency. “Here. This one. This soldier said the things were acting as one, even before words could be said. As though they were-”
Steve glanced down at the card and swallowed. He’d made the last entry himself, on that day after Bucky had fallen. He’d been gently told that it wasn’t necessary, that if Barnes was not there to update it himself then they probably didn’t need to know, but he’d been dogmatic and filled out the forms anyway.
Steve raised an eyebrow, but said nothing, content to let Tony respond himself. The inventor flashed a brilliant smile and put a box on the table in front of him with a flourish. “I think you’ll find Marvel needs technology that actually
Tony waved a hand, as though brushing the conversation aside. “Don’t worry about it, we’ve gotta get to work. Have you still got those notes on radiation?”
“Nothing. Nothing. But it’s like Barnes, right? Sometimes people might seem suspicious when they’re actually the good guy.”
“I will have you know that many a stroke of inspiration has led me to be awake at just such a time-”
Tony staggered, swaying on his feet, as he carefully took the device from the ground. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. “I’m so sorry.” Then he turned and left, feeling the burn of magic overwhelming him, filling his chest, taking over what was left of the reactor itself.
“Wow, look, I’m flattered that you wanted to name him after me, I really am, but you could have let me know that I had the honour!”
“Ah, well.” A chuckle. “I was never actually dead, was I? Let’s see-” Bucky searched the stars for a moment. A breeze stirred the grass at their feet. “Look. Right there. See it?”
He wrapped the canvas in brown paper and set it against the door, ready to take to the exhibition the next day, his heart hammering in his chest.
She paused for a moment, a delicate frown on her face. “We’re going to find you something. We’re going to find a replacement, and you’ll be fine-”
“Erm,” Strange said, an odd expression flickering across his face for the barest of moments. “Yes. I removed it myself. Every trace.”
Strange glanced up from his book with an unmasked look of annoyance, lowering the goblet of wine he had just raised to his lips. Tony was glaring at him, elbows braced on either side of the meal he still hadn’t touched, face grey from the effort of having gotten out of bed so soon. “How, what? Use your words.”
Steve leaned back in his chair, letting Tony’s voice wash over him as he stared out the window, distracted by the stragglers behind the major group of refugees.
“I will have your job, you know. I will go and talk to His Royal Fucking Highness and have you removed-”
The target range was tidy, but it seemed almost untouched since the last time Steve had been here. The birds had taken up singing again. A light breeze rippled through the trees, shaking loose a few early orange leaves that drifted gently to the ground. He planted himself, remembering what Bruce had said about the shield, about how he was meant to focus his magic through it as much as possible. He didn’t think about how useless it had seemed last time. He just focused everything into it, breathing steady, eyeing the closest target with rising determination.
.” He screwed the page into a ball and tossed it at the bin on the other side of the room. He missed. “Why don’t you go and keep trying to figure out the cosmos, or… whatever it is you do. Stay in your lane, as it were?”
Bucky frowned, and sat up completely. Tony fiddled with the object in his lap and Bucky moved closer, angling to look at it properly. He didn’t recognise it.
Tony slammed into the ground beside him, dodged the reflexive blow from Steve’s shield, and reflected a beam of magic off its surface.
He had blue eyes, but Anthony could tell that they had recently been crying. He could see dark shadows under them, which spoke of a lack of sleep.
“You are the one bright star in this entire Academy and I promise you I will mount Hammer’s head on a stick if you do me
If Clint saw the guilt in Steve’s eyes, he didn’t acknowledge it. “Trial’s starting soon,” the archer said. “Time to go.”
Tony shook his head, clenching his hair between his fingers. His shoulders hitched. “I’m dead. I should be dead.”
The sky outside was only just touching the golden hour, the light tinted blue and gold, and Tony was back.
Tony stared at him, not responding. Steve looked away. “If everything goes to hell, we need you here as our line of defence. Promise me.”
Tony let her voice fade, concentrating instead on the book. The passage was brief; it described an alien race, from a far-away country, or perhaps hell or another dimension, that acted as a hybrid of biology and machine. Creatures that weren’t particularly powerful on their own, but in swarms could deal considerable damage.
It was clear that Steve didn’t have any reservations about their relationship. He didn’t seem to want to hide it, he happily held Tony close, smiling wide as wandering fingers trailed mindless doodles over his chest. Tony didn’t want to hide it either - he wanted to shout it from the rooftops, wanted to stamp “PROPERTY OF TONY STARK” in permanent ink all over Steve, but right
"Thanks for bringing me there. I had so much fun." Tony did seem really happy, Steve loved seeing the laugh lines in the corners of his eyes when he couldn't contain his smile. He chuckled as Tony clutched his arm to walk up the stairs to the entrance of Stark Tower.
“Probably going on his morning run.” Tony ran to the elevators. “Good to know he’s just as crazy in this universe too. Take me up to the roof. I shouldn’t bump into anyone up there.”
Steve pulled back a bit, relieved. "We won." It was all that needed to be said. But Tony could never leave it at that, especially when he was still running on adrenaline and nervous energy.
"Here. It's not a vegetable. Trust me, you'll like it." Steve held up the bite, following under it with his other hand so it wouldn't spill. Tony didn't argue, he just opened wide, accepted the food, his beautiful lips curling around Steve's fork, and hummed in approval. Steve got such a rush, a pang of arousal running through him at feeding Tony. He really needed to slow this down, he would surely embarrass himself if he kept this up.
"I understand that reactor energy is affordable, self-sustaining and reliable. I've seen it in action myself, as have all of you. There's no mistaking it - it's revolutionary. No. It will not be as lucrative as selling barrels of petroleum or hoarding coal reserves. But that's not what this company is about. I knew Howard Stark - founder of Stark Industries. He was a man with a great vision for the future. He always told me that he was limited by the technology of his time. Back then, we had to solve problems with brute strength and weapons, because it was all we had. Well, now his great son - Anthony Stark - has achieved far more than Howard could have ever expected, or imagined. We are now able to solve problems with brains instead of brawn. It would be foolish to hold back the progress of society over one generation of profits."
He was about to start packing everything back up, when the hologram display caught his eye. It was a long note. Longer than it should be considering it wasn't that many items in the package. He started to read through it.
45 minutes outside the park, he found a small town with a motel and diner. Thankfully, a lot of families were eating out tonight, so Steve was able to dial down his anxiety a bit by just listening to the mundane conversations around him while he ate a much lighter meal than usual.
“You know, when we were in Wakanda, Natasha and Clint were the only ones who would come back to the US regularly.” Tony gave him a curious look. “Spies. They go in and out as they please. Anyways, they would check up on you all the time, and you never even noticed. Not because I asked them to, just because they wanted to make sure you were doing alright without us. Clint had to stop Natasha from reaching out to you a couple times, even. She really hated having to leave you behind.”
"Really?" Tony grinned, "That's great news! I knew you had it in ya, Winghead. You 'oughta look into being a professional diplomat if you can handle
"I'm not a superstar, Tony." As annoyed as he had been a moment ago, he couldn't help but smile wide, he hadn't expected to see Tony today at all. "I really didn't need the royal treatment just to get here."
I'm a mess. I know better than anyone. I wreck stuff, I make bad decisions, I’m impulsive and rash and-”
"Hey, I was trying to catch Loki and Thor, same as you." Steve's face heated up more, wondering if Ironman really would have given him a ride. How would they have done that? Would he have wrapped his robotic arms around Steve's waist? He supposed he could slide his own arms around Ironman's shoulders, but then they would be face to face..."But uh," Steve blinked, trying to get that image out of his head. "Well you're Shellhead then."
"Now give me a real kiss too." Tony laughed along with him, and they lazily made out for a bit. Soon, though, Steve was starting to feel the cold, hard floor under them, and it couldn't be comfortable for Tony either.
Steve snorted, "Yes, mother." He sat on his new bed, much firmer than his last one, which he appreciated. There was a small ding from Tony's phone.
“-so we just ran inside and locked the door behind us! Can you believe that? The cameraman lost his lenses but it was better than being a crocodile snack!” She laughed.
“I am always glad to be of service, Sir.” Jarvis politely responded. It tugged at Tony’s heartstrings.
Steve got lost in his rhythmic punching, jumping and kicking while Tony got back to fiddling with his gloves. It was nice, even comforting, to be able to just be around Tony. They didn't need to be doing anything special, Steve was already hooked on just enjoying the other man's presence. He was at peace, listening to his own heavy breaths as the dull scrape of Tony's tools against metal kept him company. Soon enough, the red glow disappeared.
What do you get the man who has everything? He wandered around shops for hours, trying to find the perfect gift, but couldn't imagine anything that Tony didn't already have. He was about to give up and just get an oversized Ironman plush toy, when he decided to grab dinner at Fisherman's Wharf like Tony had suggested. Maybe some food would clear his head.
"Jarvis helped." Steve hadn't turned, putting some finishing touches on Tony's plate. "And the concierge here was kind enough to bring up the ingredients I needed." He triumphantly turned to Tony and slid the plate of pancakes to him, complete with whipped cream, berries and a lit candle on top. "Now make a wish!"
He stopped by a small grocery store, thankful that he had some cash on him so he didn’t need to remove his Ironman suit to pay, and picked up a pint of vanilla ice cream for himself too. He arrived at Pepper’s just moments later. She was waiting in her pajamas outside. He handed over the bag with her ice cream.
"Yeah. That's such good news about the vote, I'm happy for you. I'm glad they all did the right thing."
“Okay. But tell me if you need me to slow down.” Steve said. He added another squirt of lube for good measure, and began to push his way in. Tony tensed up for just a second before moaning at the feeling of Steve,
He wondered if that made Steve back home the evil-Steve. No, of course not. Steve was a wonderful person. To everyone else. When it came to Tony, well, there was a time, long ago, when Tony basked in the warmth of Steve’s radiant glow too. Steve was his biggest fan, he remembered bringing him down to the lab for the first time. Steve was in awe, and was really the first person he’d ever met who asked him questions about his work. All the time. Not because he wanted to sell it, like Obi had, or because he needed to know when to release products like Pepper did. Steve was just genuinely fascinated with Tony’s work. And Tony liked that, he liked knowing that all his effort wasn’t falling on deaf ears. Steve would praise him whenever he showed him a new invention. Would encourage his projects and ideas. He was shy, he didn’t really ever ask for upgrades to his Captain America suit unless he really needed it, but he loved seeing all the new Ironman upgrades, would constantly ask to test them out, to spar with him, he was always by Tony’s side.
Steve felt like a total party-pooper, hiding in the corner like this. It was Clint's birthday, and he'd
“Ugh.” Tony groaned as he laid his head on the rumpled notes in front of him. In all honesty, what he really wanted to do was slam it against the table repeatedly, he just couldn’t figure it out. The math was coming up correct. There should be no anomalies. He was racking his brain for anything he might have missed - when big, strong hands engulfed his shoulders in a slow massage - just deep enough to hurt - in a good way.
"I wasn't much better." Tony opened the car door for them and they got in. "So, that means you need to give me a good ol' Captain America knock-out next time I act like everyone else is beneath me."
“So?” Tony blushed, remembering that morning. He’d woken up wrapped around Steve’s legs like a koala bear on its favorite tree. Steve was wide awake, reading a book he’d found in the nightstand next to him. He hadn’t budged an inch, in order to let Tony get some more rest, he'd said. It had been really sweet of him...but Tony had been mortified about it, and neither of them ever brought it up again.
He had an idea. Something had been bugging him since their last sting operation. He wondered if Steve was always as stiff as everyone made him out to be. They'd only danced half a song before SHIELD had barged in but...Tony hadn't been able to get it off his mind. Even through the haze of a high stakes mission, he remembered the way Steve led, how easily they swayed together in time to the music, even with Tony shaking like a nervous rattlesnake. He wanted to give it another go.
spot. They would go there to talk over Avengers strategy at first, but soon it became a place to talk about anything - their fears, their insecurities, their hopes. It was a much simpler time. A happier time.
"Sorry," Tony loudly mock-whispered over to him once he sat down. "Rhodey got to pick the movie today, since he doesn't come by often enough, which is his
don’t have faith in me, but if you’d trust me for one fucking second, maybe everything wouldn't be so fucked up right now!” Tony shouted.
! You left because you didn’t trust me when I told you I’d fix the Accords, when I told you I’d take care of Wanda.”
Steve tried to move. His legs were still a little shaky, but he managed to get up far enough to reach up and place one hand on the bed.
"Aye! If our great Hulk will not be joining us, then I shall do enough heavy lifting for the both of us. It is a challenge I heartily accept, I will return before your planet's next moon cycle, we will do all we can to assist the Man of Iron. The advancement of Midgardian technology is most important!" Thor proudly declared, knocking a few sensors and wires off his head, making Bruce jump up to fix them.
"Yeah. I could." Tony sighed, "But they're saying that what I'm proposing is action against the good of the company, and they want to discuss it
"Fat chance." Tony quipped back, but followed close behind. "Speaking of fat chances, let me tell you all about Williams, he'll be the worst of all."
"Congratulations, you two. I'm glad you finally figured it out." Natasha pulled Clint over and nudged him with her foot.
We're almost at the end. So happy and sad to be finishing up! I'll probably be posting the ending by early next week. These last few chapters will be coming in hot, bam bam bam, one after another. Get ready to read your butts off.
"Uh...did we somehow teleport into a club?" Steve asked Tony once all the tables and chairs had been taken away by the staff, and only the booths along the walls remained. Tony giggled, he was now holding on to Steve's arm, swinging his legs back and forth to the music. Of course Natasha would find a way to trick him into coming to a place like this.
"No!" Tony quickly deflected his fear, "God, no, you aren't going crazy. It happens sometimes to some people. I guess you guys hadn't really diagnosed that kind of stuff back then, or maybe you haven't seen it happen in person before. You've been through a lot recently, Steve. Honestly I'm surprised it hasn't happened to you before."
Steve thought about it for a second. Yeah. He supposed he was happy. Though lately, it was getting hard to sleep at night again. He'd lay out under the stars sometimes, wondering if he'd ever feel at home anywhere again. Even when he'd visited Brooklyn before Loki's attack, he had felt like a tourist in his own hometown.
“Christine.” Tony’s voice was a godsend. He appeared out of nowhere, prompting the handsy reporter to back away, finally letting go of Steve. The vice around his lungs snapped open, and he could breathe again.
Keeping these thoughts to himself wasn't helping anybody. If Tony was here, brave enough to open up to Steve, then he needed to do the same.
It's like it was just him and Tony, now. That was enough. More than enough. He let himself fall asleep listening to Tony's voice.
“Shut up and stay.” She ordered. She turned to give Tony and Steve a kiss on their foreheads. “Congratulations, you two. We're all very happy for you.” She smiled, and Tony was shocked. It was
"Then come on! Food's awaiting!" Tony hooked his arm into Steve's elbow and started pulling him inside.
"I know it seems like they're all against you." Steve walked over to the elevator, Tony following after grabbing his bag from the couch. "And maybe they are. But you've got us now. Your team, the Avengers. And we'll help any way we can, okay?"
Steve laughed, throaty and loud. Tony beamed. He'd made Steve laugh. It was such an exhilarating feeling, to see his childhood hero like this, because of him.
the crazy one." Tony smirked back, but followed Steve's lead and sat behind the soldier. They took off, Tony holding Steve's waist tight. Steve relished the contact, knowing it would be the last time in a while that someone would hold him. Tony must've been lost in thought, or distracted, or sleepy - because soon Steve felt a heavy weight on his back - Tony leaning on him - and a thumb sweeping slowly over his stomach. He wanted to place his hand over Tony's. Wanted to pull him closer, feel all of him. Wanted to pull off the road, get off the bike and hold Tony back, to tell him to stay, to spend one more night and fly back in the morning. Wanted to tell Tony to always hold him, even when they weren't racing down the road at 80 miles an hour, even when he wasn't consoling him, crying over lost time and desperation. But he didn't do any of that, because he didn't want the small but precious feeling to go away. He didn't want to break whatever spell was currently letting him have this perfect moment. So he just enjoyed it, until they reached the runway.
He had promised Pepper he would stay the entire night. But he hadn't promised to be sober through it.
Tony quietly placed the bag and his phone down, then scrambled over to Steve, throwing both arms around his neck, giving him a big hug. Steve wrapped his arms under Tony's, squeezing back, not caring if anyone saw. He only had a second to turn into Tony's hair and take one deep, intoxicating breath before the other man pulled back, grabbing his phone again, settling back against Steve's arm.
"Stop! I don't- I can't-" This new world, he didn't know anyone. Bucky wouldn't shake his hair and punch his arm in a playful way ever again. He'd never get another letter from Peggy. He wished Bucky was here. He wished his ma was here. Someone he knew. Anyone familiar. Now he was freezing cold. He was so cold, for so long. Why am I here? Why me? Why is this happening-
to win him over by getting a head start on the work the genius was so passionate about. It was just that...well...he was passionate about it too. Helping people, that is. If that just so happened to be an excuse to talk to Tony, to get closer to him, to show that he could keep up intellectually, then that was just an added bonus is all. He breathed out a sigh of relief when the door pad light lit up from red to green upon walking in - he didn't want to imagine being locked away from Tony ever again.
“I can go back-to-back.” Steve gasped out, needing release soon. Thoughts of Tony so willing and eager for him were overwhelming. “Please.” He begged.
"Smart man. Well, contrary to popular belief, even Captain America couldn't build Rome in a day. Why don't you take a load off and watch some motion pictures with me?" He moved over, making room on the couch and patted the cushion next to his.
"Oh." Tony leaned forward, and put down his drink. There was silence for a minute, the air thick with anticipation, and Steve was going to spill over and extend an apology for asking when he finally answered.
"Yes." Steve responded. Was this a shovel talk? Was she going to ask him to back down? He really didn't know how to read her. "That means a lot coming from you. I understand you two are very close."
It was a really nice laundry room. Well, it helped that it was built by a genius billionaire who employed the best interior designers in New York, and was overlooking half the city from 90 floors up. But Steve was just happy that the washing machine worked great, and that he had a big sectional to lay on while he waited. Sure, he could go watch some TV or try to go back to sleep, but he had so many thoughts running through his mind, and he couldn't keep trying to outrun them.
Steve let out a shaky breath and couldn't stop a tear or two from slipping out. Why was he crying? Some of the tension in his chest left at the realization that Tony was still up, and probably still overthinking everything like Steve was. God, he felt like he was on an emotional rollercoaster. His hands were unsteady as he texted back.
Well, maybe if he threw a bunch of upgrades at him, he’d be more receptive to Tony’s…antics. Maybe this Tony was faring better than him, for all he knew.
a little odd. Stark has been avoiding you since you moved in, and you didn’t find it weird that he was suddenly being so nice to you?”
“Hey!” Steve protested but Tony just raised his arm up, not even glancing away as his repulsor whined in warning. Steve stepped back, knowing better than to argue. After a minute, Tony looked back up at him.
"You know, for the reactor project. You did say the construction will begin in September, right? Pepper said it wouldn't take more than a few weeks so-"
After his multiple death scares, after Ultron, after everything, he really thought he was a changed man, but right now, all he wanted was Steve. To be his, and for him to be Tony’s. For things to be easy between them again. He was tired of the fighting, of the sneaking around, of the constant war. Tony couldn’t help his rage, couldn’t help but be selfish.
"Idiots." Tony smiled at Steve, who was looking much better now. They sat in silence, Steve calming down little by little. He felt so safe with Tony. Wished he could somehow pay everything back. He didn't have a whole lot of money, or much of anything really. But he wanted to thank Tony somehow for being here, for being an anchor for him in this new and scary world.
"Well, just one night for me." Steve looked over at Tony, who shrugged in apology. "I've got to fly back tomorrow night. Got more meetings with the board Monday morning. Sorry, Spangles." Tony noticed the disheartened soldier and rushed to make it up to him. "But hey! You have the room until Monday, you can even extend the stay to whenever you want. You can make the most of it, there's a 24/7 buffet included, an all inclusive spa, personal masseuses." Tony made his way over to the other man, looking up at him, hopeful that he could find some way to make him happy again. "Should I call the masseuse now, or after we eat? Or maybe I should call up some girls for us? Some dancers? Dinner and a show?" He started to dance in a silly way, shaking his hips and arms to imaginary music and Steve couldn't help the howl that escaped him.
“Wow.” Was all Steve could say to that. Who could imagine that something so seemingly insignificant could have such drastic consequences?
“M’not gonna…l-last-” Tony tried to articulate, but Steve could tell his brain was fuzzy and clouded.
They parted ways. Steve was exhausted, when his head hit the pillow, he was out like a light. He dreamed of beautiful dark eyes and a laugh that sounded like a song.
“Most of all I regret hurting you. Breaking your trust. And doing it again last week. I'm truly sorry for that, too." Steve steeled himself. This was it, he needed to say what he felt, put it all out there, like Tony had done. Consequences be damned. "I just...want you back. In my life. And if there's any fraction of a chance...” Steve paused. "Well, if it wasn't clear before...I like you. I want to
"Mmm. Yeah, that's good." Well, if he was going to crash and burn, he might as well enjoy it while it lasted. Steve abandoned his inhibitions and took a piece of fried yucca, feeding it to a cheerful Tony.
"That's right." Natasha, as observant as always, quickly backed up Steve's change of subject without question. "We might not even need construction cranes. Thor could probably just fly any heavy materials over to us."
"Thank God!" Tony gasped once they were near the table again. "I thought I was gonna drown in hipster hormones and sweat. Barton is crazy to make us come here." He eyed the empty table Steve had just been sitting in. "You alright? Why aren't you with the others?" Tony asked.
They found some of Tony's old, oversized MIT sweaters inside a broom closet in the back of the lab, swapped out their ruined shirts, and put Dum-E back on his charging station lest he try to help out with the cleanup in their absence. The elevator ride to the observatory was silent, but not uncomfortable. As they had done a hundred times before, they grabbed some blankets from the patio chairs on the deck, and sat on the edge of the balcony, overlooking the city.
"Sirs? Miss Potts would like for me to inform you that she and Captain Rogers will be arriving shortly."
“I take it you found our temporary visitor, then.” Tony lightly interrupted, already having turned back to his screens, typing away. As if this was just another day. It
“Mmm..” Tony didn’t feel like explaining the intricate differences between mirror universes, much less the infinite possibilities of parallel universes. So he decided to just answer the question. “No. Not seeing anyone.”
Steve felt Natasha glaring at him from the dance floor. He looked over, and saw her run her finger over her throat, then point it at him. He got the hint. He nervously stood up, accepting his fate, when he saw a cute brunette trying to push his way through the crowd. Steve jogged over, and maneuvered his broad shoulders to make way for the struggling man.
"Cap can sit wherever he wants!" Tony wondered if it was that obvious that he had sort of a small tiny little crush on the supersoldier.
Tony moaned, scratching at Steve’s chest in the best way. Steve’s hips bucked up at the wonderful sensation, and Tony just laughed, burying his face into Steve’s neck and sucking at a sweet spot as Steve got back to it. He was quickly able to add in another digit, and then a third. It was all so overwhelming. The thrusts of his hand were shallow, but manic - a hot, dripping Tony was draped on top of him, panting, holding on to him for dear life. How was this Steve’s life right now?
"And the security protocols? We changed them last night you know, after we introduced the idea of the Avengers and SHIELD-"
If Steve was honest with himself - he hadn’t exactly done anything in terms of his job as leader of the Avengers in the weeks since moving in. That’s why they had put off the official press conference for so long - everyone should be friends, or at least be able to work together by now. Instead, it seemed the same old cliques had formed, and they hadn’t so much as had lunch as a group to get to know each other, much less combat training, or strategy meetings. Steve really dropped the ball on this one - sulking all week and ignoring his duties.
Steve walked over to the table Tony had pointed at and wondered what in the world he was supposed to get in all that mess. Thankfully, Jarvis must have anticipated this, because he pulled up a holoscreen in front of him. It was highlighting what looked like a big complicated-looking hose, a fancy looking pen, the gloves sitting next to it, and two of the wires Tony was currently chewing on.
"Oh, yeah. Good thing for the Mets that he's sitting out today." Steve tried to pay attention to the conversation in front of him, but couldn't help glancing at the elevators every few minutes.
"Look! SHIELD's favorite!" Tony pulled Steve over to the space-themed machine. "You've gotta practice so you can beat that guy's high score when you go back to the office." Steve chuckled nervously.
They had breakfast, watched TV, and the morning crawled by, with no sign of Tony. Finally, it was time to leave for the last game. Steve was nervously re-reading last night's texts on the couch when Tony walked in.
"Uggghhh...What the hell." Tony got up and walked back to the elevators. He had no idea what to think anymore. He decided to go get showered and change. Maybe he could distract himself with some bad TV.
"Don't stop, soldier." Tony whispered in his ear. Steve shuddered. He didn't know how Tony could've known about his immediate refractory period, but maybe it was a genius thing. Tony
"It's for you!" Tony held up the glove for Steve to see. "I was going to spend the rest of the week fighting the board's vote, but since I don't have to anymore, I have a lot of free time to finally upgrade everyone's gear, starting with you. These gloves will work like your bike's bag; magnetic strips and clamps to make it easier to recall the shield during battle. You're right on time, actually. Go stand over there on that pad."
"Uh...okay. Tomorrow. After the game. Not the rooftop place." Steve lost his nerve, unsure of how to explain that he wanted a date. But he'd at least get to spend some alone time with Tony, so maybe he could work up the courage to say something tomorrow night. He turned his attention back to the game. The Mets hit a home run just then, and Steve felt as crummy as the Dodgers did right at that moment.
He looked over at Tony as stealthily as he could. Wow. I never noticed how handsome he is. Has he always looked this good? I should have asked, maybe he expected me to get my own room? What if we have to share the bed? No, get it together, Rogers. You'd obviously take the couch. What's the matter with you? He's being such a good friend and you're thinking about this kind of thing. God, no one else has touched me in so long though, and it's so nice. No. No. Be happy with what you have. He's a great friend, if he wanted more he would have said so. Don't ruin this. Why is this the slowest elevator on earth?
“Oh, sorry.” Tony corrected his language in his head before continuing. “So, light, sunlight, is made out of little things called photons. Photons are so small that they don’t follow the universal laws of physics. That means, the things photons do can be totally random. Even in an exact replica of your universe, things will inevitably turn out different at some point because photons will never act the same exact way in every universe.”
He remembered back to that photo Tony had sent of himself and the other Avengers. Steve hadn't tried to take a photo of himself yet, though he supposed he could just ask someone to do it for him. However, there was no one in sight right now, so he turned the phone around and attempted a few shots. They weren't coming out the way he wanted, when Jarvis chimed up.
That sounded like a lot of work, but it seemed Jarvis got it done in just a few seconds, then Tony showing him all sorts of different things he could do on his phone. He knew he could take photos with it, though he'd never tried it, but was fascinated at just how much he could do on the apps Jarvis had added for him. Tony showed him how to search for music, videos, news and even some colorful games he could play on the phone itself.
go take a shower. He was sticky under his pajamas, and probably still smelled like dried up lube and sex. But he was finding it really hard to care enough to move.
“Need a hand, gorgeous?” Tony purred, noticing Steve’s fascinated gaze. He straddled Steve, leaning forward to pull his jacket and shirt down. His fully erect cock rubbing against Steve’s unbearably tight pants that were still on for some damned reason.
He didn't end up burning any of his clothes, but he did mention to Natasha in passing that Tony thought she might be able to help him update his closet. What he didn't expect was for her to be so immediately thrilled to be "finally able to get you out of those old man clothes, Steve" then for her to whisk him and Clint away for an entire day of shopping. Steve was overwhelmed at the number of mall stores they went through, which were a far cry from the five and ten cent stores from his youth. He didn't particularly like modeling his clothes for Natasha and Clint. They seemed to be enjoying themselves though - taking pictures and laughing when a 'V-neck' (he really hated this shirt) was so tight it almost ripped, so he went along with it to see them happy.
"I don't really celebrate my birthday, sorry." Tony pulled away. Steve immediately missed the warmth. Why did he always go and say the wrong thing when it came to Tony?
“Fuck.” Tony looked down at the flashing numbers on his screen. He should just power off the machine. There was no use trying to go there ever again when he knew he couldn’t risk Other-Tony's life. Before he began the shutdown sequence though, he saw something odd scribbled into his notebook. He picked it up to take a closer look. He realized it was something written backwards.
“Well, that’s good isn’t it? I know you two haven’t been on the best of terms since you got back, but you’ve liked him since forever. This should be great news. So why are you so bummed, and what do you mean ‘kind of’?” Sam asked.
“Er...maybe too much fun.” Tony pushed his face back into Steve’s broad chest, hiding his blush. “I may have accidentally slept with you in another dimension.” He confessed.
It was so confusing. Sometimes, it seemed that Steve would relax into, even enjoy physical contact. Other times, it seemed to spook him.
"Thanks so much Toooooo-" Steve stretched into a big yawn. "Ah. Excuse me. I'm usually not even that sleepy around this time." It was true. Steve had stayed up well past 2 or 3 am most nights since waking up from the ice, often distracting himself from facing his demons until he was exhausted enough to sleep a couple hours.
"Oh!" Tony made a mental note to send Pepper some thank-you flowers. She knew just how much he liked Steve's gorgeous muscles - er, company. "Yeah, sorry Cap. Flying car show was earlier, this is the after-party."
"Wow." Steve got the itch. "Just wish I'd brought my-" Tony cut him off by handing him a sketch pad and pencil. Steve took them and beamed.
It had been a while since he last touched himself. Really, he hadn't done it all that much since coming out of the ice. At first, it was just too much going on, trying to learn about the future and come to terms with losing his past. Then Loki happened, then he'd been distracting himself from his own thoughts for so long, that between all that, he never really made much time to just be one on one with himself.
“It’s...it’s not that.” Steve finally found his voice, though it croaked out of him. “The other Tony said it was...something about photons. Light.” He weakly offered. Tony looked up from his notes and gave him a once-over that made him feel naked and exposed.
He laid everything out on his kitchen table, and after inspecting everything for a minute, he smiled.
"Stevie! Back here!" He heard Tony calling from behind a pile of scrap metal. He found the man sitting cross legged on a table, tinkering with a big red glove.
"That's a big step, honey. But of course, I'll be gentle." Tony placed a small kiss behind Steve's ear before opening the bottle of lube, coating his fingers with a generous amount of slick.
It's so bittersweet to be finishing this up. I'll definitely be writing a new fic soon. If you've made it this far, thank you so much for reading, I hope you enjoyed it!
him. It was cruel, really, that he’d gotten a glimpse of just how happy he could’ve been if he hadn’t - what - rubbed his eyes at the wrong moment? It was still impossible to believe. The whole thing felt like a dream, really. The only proof of what happened was on his phone, right in front of him. This photo.
"Ah, hah. Yeah." Steve let out a hollow laugh, picking up the utensil and composing himself. A man-date? That was probably just another way of saying two pals hanging out. Yesterday hadn't been a real date, of course. But wow did that get his heart pumping. They had a nice breakfast, chatting about the others back in New York, Tony catching Steve up on how everyone was doing. When they were done eating, Steve looked at his watch and sighed, not even 9 AM yet. He looked out towards the living room, considering his options, and then got to work. He was the man with a plan, after all.
Steve thought back to this morning, finding his hand gripping the smaller man right there. Remembered how soft and snug it was, it was like Tony was a perfect fit tucked under his chin. Perfect to wrap both arms around, to hold close. It would've been nice to explore how he felt, even a second longer - to move his thumb up and down under the man's ribs, maybe pull his shirt up just a bit, just enough to know what his skin felt like underneath- I bet it's silky smooth just like his sheets. In contrast with the scars on his chest, probably rough, I'd want to feel them against my lips, every single inch- fuck. He's moving. H-he's turning, he's going to look at me!
"Tony, you should probably leave him alone for a while. He'll get annoyed if you keep sending these messages nonstop."
“Right, ‘Hero’ work. Nice to see you still think so highly of yourself.” Christine replied sarcastically. “Call me, Steve.” She winked and turned away.
“ItwasanotherTonyfromanotheruniversebutIthoughtitwasthisTonysoIsleptwithhimand-” Steve muttered quickly into his palms until Sam pulled his hands down and met his eyes.
As luck would have it, Natasha and Clint decided to come in to the SHIELD office after breakfast. Steve was glad to run into them - he pulled them aside and explained Tony's plans in Tajikistan, and how the Avengers and SHIELD could help with construction and security.
"Oh! I've never seen a mojito like this! Look, rose petals!" Tony held up his glass, delighted at the pretty pink drink. He was right, Steve looked down as his glass, green mint and limes floating next to bright red petals, which gave the liquid a light pink hue. Steve had to admit, it was tasty, if not completely, obviously sensual. They weren't offered menus. Instead, like silent ninjas, the waiters consistently brought out their food and drinks - apparently Natasha had planned their whole meal for them. All the other patrons were taking their time eating and drinking, it seemed like no one had left the establishment since they walked in. Actually, the whole restaurant seemed to be moving in slow motion, even the waiters weren't in any rush, giving the impression that they could take all the time they wanted in here tonight.
"Mmm...yeah, I don't get it. But this turtle is gonna go back into his shell and get some shut eye."
Steve thanked them both profusely, glad that all the Avengers were on board with helping to build Tony's vision. He excused himself from Bruce's lab right before the needles came out, not a big fan, and headed downstairs to the basement lab, excited to share his progress with Tony.
"I can't believe it. I must be the most delusional man on the planet. I should just crawl into a hole and
It turned out that this project was an attempt to build an arc reactor power grid for an entire city. Specifically, the capital of a country named Tajikistan, that was way on the other side of the world. That should've been simple enough of a task for a billionaire philanthropist, seeing how Tony already had a large portion of Manhattan running on reactor power, and every SI building in the world relied solely on clean reactor energy. Technically, there were no issues. The problem was that, while Tony was the inventor of the arc reactor and the new element it housed, he had given the patent rights to his company to use for clean energy, meaning they had control over what the reactor could be used for.
Steve barely got any sleep. He was too excited, nervous, delighted, anxious...he didn't know what to do. He wanted to hide away and text Tony some more, to see what this all really meant, were they really on the same page? How would things change now? They had agreed to go on a real date today though, and he didn't want to come off as overbearing, so he forced himself to maintain radio silence. At the same time, he couldn't wait to see Tony again. He gave up trying to sleep and got out of bed as soon as the sun shone through his windows. He got showered and dressed, and went downstairs to the common area to make some breakfast. Maybe he would get lucky and run into Tony this morning before anyone else got up-
Steve took this pep talk from himself and fearlessly, or recklessly, picked up a bit of cake with a piece of strawberry on top.
It turned out, Tony didn’t need Steve all to himself after all. He didn’t need to compare himself to his friends, he just needed to know Steve loved him, and that was more than enough. The team never hated him, much to his surprise. He’d just isolated himself so much, that he couldn't see their attempts to reach out as genuine. He'd convinced himself that he was the bad guy, but once he wasn’t hiding behind his mask of indifference, they welcomed him into their circle with glee. Now that he knew they weren’t holding a grudge against him, he wasn’t afraid anymore.
you!?” Steve could see Tony’s arm trembling, but stepped back out of the closet slowly. Tony followed his every move steadily, ready to blast him at any second.
"...It's a lot to ask of you Steve. Are you sure you want to do this? The meeting is tomorrow at noon, and I wouldn't be able to sit in with you to help, I'm banned from the meeting remember?"
"Uh..." Steve really wasn't used to this yet. People were so direct nowadays, and Tony never was one to hold back. It was so hard to keep a straight face now, though. Especially after this morning.
“Um, I don’t know if this is related, but Other-Tony mentioned something about infinity stones when he was here. He said we should speak to someone named Dr. Strange on Bleecker Street who could explain it all to us, and could get us in touch with Thor.” Steve went red with embarrassment. “Sheesh. I got so caught up in all the other stuff...I guess I forgot to mention it before. We should head over there right away, Thor might need our help.”
He turned around and saw Tony looking very...Tony. He had on faded jeans, a band shirt under a sports jacket, some shoes that were working very hard not to look like platforms, and a dazzling smile behind his lightly tinted sunglasses.
"No, no, nothing like that. I wanted to thank you. You know, for the shopping today. Nat and Clint sure had a lot of fun with it." Steve was a little embarrassed now to be taking up Tony's time with this, but he pulled his phone out of his pocket anyways. "And well...I'm a little late on taking up your offer, but you said maybe I could get some help learning this thing? Though, it seems you're busy. I can ask Jarvis for help, really."
"Well, just a couple," Steve realized that maybe it could have been an invasion of privacy to look through private messages between people. "All I saw were a couple pictures of myself and you said you didn't like my pants. I didn't see anything...er..... incriminating...or embarrassing if that's what you're worried about."
By some backwards miracle, he’d gotten Tony. And he knew now that being a good partner was more important to him than anything else. He would need to cherish Tony, worship him, elevate him, hold him close and dear, be wholly his. He’d need to give him what no one else ever could - unconditional love and support.
"I'm sorry to wake you. It's just that your checkout was at 11 and it's almost noon now, so the front desk wanted me to come check on you."
“You...you coming home with us?” Steve asked hesitantly. He didn’t want to push too hard, but he needed to know if they were okay. Even through the sunglasses, he knew the man was giving him a sharp look, and Steve held his breath, but Tony didn’t lash out.
Natasha went through all the trouble of setting up this beautiful Christmas party, but Steve found that he couldn't calm his nerves long enough to enjoy it. He'd been standing at the bar with Sam for over an hour now, trying to figure out a way to ask Tony out on a date.
"Are you kidding me?" Pepper pulled Steve away from the crowd, "I knew you would be able to sway some of the spineless airheads to see it our way, but you even managed to get Williams to shut his mouth for once! You should seriously consider joining the team."
feels like!” Tony was screaming now. He didn’t even realize he was shaking and had tears running down his face. “Shit.” He wiped his cheeks, and tried to turn away, when Steve grabbed his hand.
They entered a room that had to be Stephen’s office. The room had a fireplace, and an old oak desk. There was a reading chair and bookcases after bookcases stuffed full with trinkets and books. It was dark in the room, the huge windows hidden behind closed, heavy velvet curtains. Stephen held out a hand to the two chairs in front of his desk before taking a seat on the other side. The two omegas slipped into the two matching wooden chairs.
of things. Things he did in the war, how he let Bucky fall, what he was doing to Tony now. So now Steve has taken to punishing himself. Maybe it was the Catholic in him. Steve’s therapist would also say he has control issues, having gone through great trauma that was out of his control that now when Steve has control he’d rather die than lose it.
Bucky laughed and sat back in his grey rolling chair behind his desk. The office itself was a decent size, he picked it out when him and Steve first bought the place. His desk was messy with papers and scattered pens. His desk was made of a light colored wood, which complemented his white walls well. There were two chairs on the other side of his desk and a black leather couch against the wall. Bucky often took naps there.
“Thank you, Stephen.” The omega said quietly with a nod. Strange just nodded his head, willing the blood in his cheeks to go away. With that, Stark quickly went into his room. Strange heard the door click as Tony locked it from the other side.
“But my happiness was never a factor.” Tony said, sliding a pen toward Steve. “Or you would have never-” Tony let out a wet croak, he couldn’t say it. He looked at the people on the other side of the table.
“No.” Strange said, shaking his head. “We change as little as we can, we can’t chance Thanos’s suspicions. We already have a huge advantage of a covert attack with some of the most powerful people in the multi realms.” Strange said.
“Thor?” Jan asked, surprised as she sipped on a cold glass of ice tea. “We haven’t seen him in  years. We have no idea where he is or how to contact him.” She stated, worried and perplexed. Stephen looked at her with a smile.
The alpha’s heart broke. Strange knew Tony was describing the onset of a preheat. But instead of being in a familiar place with people he trusted to take care of him. Tony was at some boarding school filled with leeches and
And she couldn’t be late, she had worn her yellow and black tweed Chanel suit. The long pants and fabric was evening attire not night. Not that Fury wouldn’t understand. In an all black and
Jan looked behind Steve and could see her suit coming in fast. “Get people out of here and tell Widow and anyone else we can get in the air, now!” The omega yelled at Steve before taking off on a run, extending her arms out and waiting for her suit to latch onto her.
“You’re so big.” Tony said under his breath. Blushing as his eyes meet Steve’s. Even with Steve’s cock in his hands, he was bashful. “You're gonna stretch me out.”
The three entered their way into the kitchen, one of the most spacious in the room. And one of the rooms with the most sunlight. It was similar to how his mother had her kitchen laid out. It was clean and a flourishing green plant in every available space. The manor had become something dear to Tony, at first it was a means of hiding out if Tony was honest with himself.
“Thanks.” Steve said, not sure how to respond, his cheeks becoming pink. Steve settled into the bed, a hand over Tony’s waist. Sleep washed over them like warm waves.
“Got your monthly reports.” Janet said, dropping the thick pile of folders onto the spy’s desk, a heavy
to tell Jan. If Steve wasn’t such a bastard, Tony being pregnant would have been a celebration. But Steve is a bastard so it was now a
Thor looked at the omega, studying his face for any signs of lying. After a few minutes Thor nodded at the omega and sat back down, still grumpy written on his face. The air was still thick with spark and the sky outside was still dark but the wind had stopped.
to try. The thought of a little Steve did warm something deep in Bucky, something that he felt belonged more to the old Bucky than his current self. Bucky never let himself think about it, that part of his life was long over. Dwelling on it would only make for more nightmares.
While Natasha was angry at him, as with herself, she never wanted to hate Steve. He was her friend, and Natasha didn’t have many of those. She really didn’t know how to make friends, so everyone of her friends was special.
.” She warned. Stephen held back a smile. He always liked Jan. Stephen nodded in agreement to her threat. “Tony divorced Steve yesterday. They signed the papers right before the invasion.”
“Perhaps this conversation is better inside, with some refreshments.” Rhodey said from behind them. Knowing it’ll be a long night.
“Are you okay?” Iron Man asked. “War Machine and Wasp are a minute from your location. Strange and I are only a couple minutes behind. Think you can hold up till then?” Iron Man asked, not in a playful tone like it had been earlier.
She had also brought Tony’s favorite companion. Goose. The cat had attached itself to Tony quickly. He was often exploring the property and when the cat wasn’t, he was curled up next to Tony.
. Her face void of emotion and her limbs worked so fast she was all but a blur. Steve didn’t see where Natasha had pulled out another blade, he just felt it as she sunk it into his left bicep. Steve blinked at his arm and then blinked and looked down at Natasha. She looked at him with a cold face but tears streaming down her face.
“Because it’s gorgeous, sweetheart.” Steve said, giving it a slap. Tony moaned, pushing his hips out shamelessly. Asking for more. Steve slapped Tony’s ass again before spreading his cheeks once more. “And if you can still talk, I’m not doing my job well enough.” Steve growled, letting his hand rest on Tony’s bum as his thumb played with Tony’s hole. Steve gently prodded it with his thumb pad, rubbing it and pulling it. Tony shivered, closing his eyes, basking in this pleasure. Tony’s throat let out a moan as Steve’s tongue licked down. Slowly swirling around the rim of Tony’s puckered skin.
“Names Carol Danvers, Nick tells me I officially do not exist.” Carol said as she was coming in on the wormhole. She could hear the second guy groan. “They call me Captain Marvel.”
“I thought you were in Paris, is everything okay?” Pepper asked, putting her hands on Tony’s arms and rubbing them. “Tony you’re shaking.”
“You’re leaving.” Steve said, no obvious emotional tone in his voice. She would have to tread carefully.
Tony walked out from the elevator and into the hallway. The walls were a light green mint color, and all the doors were white with silver numbers on the door. Tony decided he liked this place, it smelled like cinnamon cookies. Tony walked up to 702’s door, and slowly opened it. Bucky said the door would be unlocked and to just walk in.
The apartment was wide and spacious. The walls were painted white with windows that made the room feel open and warm. Their furniture was a matching blue and black set. A long, blue, L shaped couch was set directly in front of the TV, a black couch seat to the left of that, and a two foot rests. There was a plant by every window and a long hallway that led to what Tony assumed was the bedroom. Food still in hand, Tony walked down the hall.
Jan braced herself and crossed her arms in front of her as her feet hit the pavement, she stumbled forward and into the ground. Jan groaned at the impact, trying to get herself together. She stood up, her legs shaking a bit but she turned and looked up.
“I say we get Strange into the fold. If we have an infinity stone, even  with just one we can probably go after Thanos. He’s hunting them, and now that he knows one is here on Earth he’ll probably come. He doesn’t have any infinity stones so we should play offense.” Carol said. “I just don’t know how we can get Strange on board, he seems like a wild card.”
Steve let out a low grown and moved his fingers to undo Tony’s tight jeans, harshly moving them down; taking them off along with Tony’s shoes and socks. Tony bit his lip, already grabbing at the sheets. He wanted to make Steve feel good, it was the only thing on his mind at this point. Steve surfaced within Tony’s line of vision. Steve’s pupils were blown, looking at Tony like he was a lonely gazelle in the Savannah and Steve was the lion hiding in the tall grass.  Steve wrapped both of his arms around Tony’s thigh so Tony couldn’t move his hips without Steve’s say so. Which Tony found unbelievably hot. Steve pulled Tony closer to the edge of the bed as Steve settled himself on his knees.
“I think technically it would be supper.” Tony deflected as he accepted the invitation for food. Peter was always a hungry little bastard. Luckily for Tony neither Stephen or Jan pushed him for more. Jan simply held out both her hands to help Tony up from his chair. There was no longer mistaking that Tony wasn’t pregnant. Peter was growing bigger and bigger every month.
“He’s in distress, he needs to be with his pack.” The doctor said in a more firm voice. Stephen would tell Jan was holding something back. The omega sighed and crossed her arms across her chest.
Steve chuckled and peppered Tony with kisses on his face. “Sweet omega, thank you. Jan likes me fine, we’re friends. She’s a good Avenger and a better friend to you, Tony. I think Jan could give me a run for my money when it comes to loving you.”
“Someone talk to me, what are we dealing with.” Tony said in his helmet, the helmet lighting up his usual holograms.
“How dare the Captain! To be unloyal to our omega!” Thor boomed as Bruce seethed silently in his own seat. “Let me have words wi-” Thor growled out, his eyes turning an electric blue. His eyes looked so heated they were almost white. Tony stood fast and placed his hands on the god’s chest.
Steve’s mouth was talented, much more skilled than Tony had been with Bucky. Steve hummed around Tony and Tony yelled. Everything he was feeling was all so new, and it was intense, hot and Tony loved it. Tony tugged on Steve’s hair harder.
“Christ.” Jan hissed as she barely dodged a laser from a ship. “JARVIS, patch me through to Rogers. We could use them on the ground to help civilians and a QuinJet to-” Jan didn’t finish her statement, a spaceship landed a laser hit right on hers left wing. Jan dropped out of the air, rushing toward the pavement that laid below them.
“Who would send empty ships?” Wasp asked. Carol could now hear something moving at high speed. She turned to see what looked like a suit of armor. It was all black with hints of grey.
And his and Christine’s relationship was none of Tony’s business. It didn’t matter that she was so god damn pretty, and smart and accomplished in a field that Stephen holds to a high esteem. And she was so good that there was no professional reason to turn down Stephen’s recommendation.
“Who?” Jan asked, sitting on Tony’s side. A hand found the other omega’s and squeezed. Mostly to comfort herself.
“Yeah.” Tony said in a wistful breath, now staring into space as he thought more and more about Stephen.
-” Tony choked at that. Rhodey and Pepper looked at each other, Tony didn’t talk about his parents much. “She gave me something, as a
“Anthony.” Stephen’s deep voice pierced through the omegas foggy thoughts. Tony looked at the general direction where Stephen was in the dark. “Are you alight?” He asked.
listen having to stay inside as much as possible will definitely speed up or produce more fics. I switch between writing and minecraft now. This story has been written for a while though, which is why I can like get these out so fast. I'm adding more meat the bones, if you will. Or at least I'm trying.
Tony’s gut dropped at the name of his ex-husband. The omega never thought he would ever call Steve that, but he never thought Steve would cheat on him either. Tony knew Steve wanted to talk, he was the most stubborn man alive. A part of Tony wanted to hear him out, on lonely nights he wished he still had his alpha to cuddle with. Tony didn’t realize how cold it could get, so used to Steve being his personal heater. He missed the morning kisses, having breakfast after Steve’s runs. Tony missed domestic life, he missed his marriage.
“Where’s your phone?” Rhodey asked, feeding Tony small pieces of a rice cake, all he could stomach at the minute. “I imagine by now Steve is trying to get in contact with you
“If I may,” JARVIS started from where in the room or someone’s phone “Sir thought it a good idea to throw his phone out the window when leaving the city and I’ve taken the liberty of turning off the car’s tracking feature.”
. From the beginning it had been easy. The Avengers had been so much work to become a pack. Tony had to work for a decent opinion of himself to the Avengers. He didn’t have to do that here, he never had to explain himself.
Tony pointed dramatically at his round belly. “I’m pregnant with Steve’s child and I still have a bond mark! We’re in the middle of hunting down a galactic terrorist! Oh?
Stephen looked at Jan who looked at him with a surprised face. She was studying him, Stephen could tell. Forever the protective friend. That had lit an angry fire in Stephen, how could Jan let this happen to Tony. How could Tony’s pack let this happen to him? It was their job to keep their omega healthy and here he was distressed.
Tell me how you liked the chapter!!!! I love you all!!!! I love all the comments thank you so much their always so kind <3 <3
The briefing had been a mess, Fury and Steve’s pack were pushing for more information about Stephen. Steve’s pack specifically wanted to pause the development of the West Coast Avengers. Jan and Tony as captains of their team fought Steve’s stubborn argument. She knew her team could handle it and promised to call them if they needed back up. Jan knew Stephen was barely playing nice with them, she had a suspicion that if they brought more people in, Stephen would disappear and they needed the sorcerer.
” Tony said, hand on his flat stomach “stays that way, I don’t want any chance of re-connection again.” Tony said, last time he was so confident with a choice he let Steve bite his neck during their first heat together. That had to say
“We are getting drunk and we are watching the original Star Trek series.” she said with a little squeal as she shimmied toward Tony. Tony put his hands on his stomach and more tears formed in his eyes.
Tony was wrapped in blankets and sitting up against the bed’s headboard. There was an array of take out boxes in front of him. Tony looked to his left to see Pepper eating what looked to be Sweet and Sour Chicken and some fried rice.
Stephen wrapped his arms around the omega. A panic attack, exhaustion and probably dehydration. Classic signs of a distressed omega. His cloak wrapped itself around the omega, bringing him tighter against Stephen’s chest. Tony went slump against him, his eyes closed and his hands holding on tight to Stephen’s blue robes.
Clint had even tried to get into Tony’s lab hoping something useful was in there but JARVIS had warned the beta that the lab was on lock down and no one could enter. The AI had almost encouraged them to try. Bucky suspects it was because it would give JARVIS reason to shoot at them. They didn’t attempt to break in.
A loud clap of thunder cracked through the sky, causing everyone but Stephen  to jump. Than a rainbow colored beam shot down from the sky, burning the field of flowers a couple of feet away from the house. As soon as the beam appeared it was gone. The field branded with symbols of old gods. In the middle was Thor, with Bruce standing next to him
“He’s powerful, and his minions are just as powerful. We’ve been gathering intel, he has two rogue daughters. We were trying to find them to see if they could help us find a weak spot. But they disappeared. Not surprised, people who defect from Thanos usually don’t live too long after.”
Thor and Carol had offered to host him off the planet as well. Thor had been very excited by the idea of showing his omega and friends his home planet. The ancient and golden halls of Asgard. A place of
“Always, dollface.” Bucky said smoothly. Sam, Clint and Natasha all groaned and rolled their eyes. Bucky waved them off and headed to his office. “I need a favor.” Bucky said.
Carol sat on the couch adjacent to Rhodey, she was currently tackling her mountain of noodles. “I don’t know much, like specifically. There are stories, mostly rumors.” She said as she twisted more noodles around her fork. “They’re powerful energy sources, stones that can’t be destroyed. One of them is the reason I can do this.” Carol said as she raised her hand, a cosmic flame engulfing her hand, and with a flick of her wrist it was gone.
“I’m part of a Space wide known alliance. I’ve dealt with a lot of alien diplomacy, let me see if I can talk with these guys.” Carol said Tony could see her near the wormhole. It was small but she was there. Getting so near by herself was brave, Tony thought.
“It’s not a weakness.” Stephen offered, hoping he was saying the right things. The alpha felt Tony nodded against his chest in agreement, but still quiet.
“What does that have to do with me?” Tony asked, clutching Jan’s hand back. Carol looked at him with sadness.
Steve’s head whipped around at the sound of the door opening, eyes watering at the sight of Tony. Steve looked rough. More rough that Tony had ever seen him. His whole pack did. Pale, Natasha and Clint had both lost weight, Tony could tell.
Sam came out from the basket ball court, a look of resentment on his face. “Some group of dudes got into a fight, drew some blood and someone broke a nose.” He said, pointing his thumb behind him, indicating where the incident took place. Bucky took in a deep breath and exhaled in annoyance. Blood drawn and broken bones meant they had to legally file a report, and since Bucky was the highest ranking employee, it meant he had to be there for the whole process. He had to file his own paperwork, give a statement. It was going to take hours.
“I’m pregnant, Jan Banan.” Tony whispered his friend's childhood nickname. Rhodey put his hand on Tony’s shoulder and squeezed. Jan’s eyes widened, her mouth falling open.
They all had their sins and there wasn’t much to do but try to amend them to repent until cleansed. That wouldn’t happen until they took responsibility. Natasha had little hope for Steve and little hope of the pack staying together. It was a thought that made her cry in the privacy of her room at night but now was not the time for tears.
“All I hear is talk, Steve. Are you sure-” Tony let out a low moan as Steve’s lips wrapped around the top of Tony’s cock. Tony’s body felt on fire, Steve’s mouth felt so fucking good, it made Tony’s brain melt. Steve worked his tongue around the tip before taking Tony in deeper. Tony twitched and moaned, grabbing Steve’s hair and pulling for no reason other than the pleasure was just
. He had the pack organized and united, he had their ritual with all of them. Natasha would make him dinner on Fridays, Thor always took Tony out on Mondays, everyone sought Tony out for everything.
“Go West Coast Avengers!” Jan declared sticking her hand out in front of her. Tony quickly followed his friend. The group followed to humor the two before throwing their hands up. Leaping forward into their new found mission.
Tony looked up at Steve, who looked back with nothing but adoration. Tony couldn’t help himself. Tony lifted himself on his toes, throwing his arms around Steve’s shoulders and bringing him down for a kiss. Steve responded by grabbing Tony’s hips and harshly bringing them forward so they met his own. The kiss was intense, Steve shoving his way into Tony’s mouth. Moaning at the taste of Tony. Tony softly bit Steve’s lower lip, causing Steve to groan. Tony smirked, pleased with himself. Steve brought on hand up to Tony’s face, running his thumb over Tony’s lower lip.
Strange had come to them a couple days later. A portal opening in the kitchen and the alpha stepping through. They were all on the same page regarding the stones, having read through the books over and over again.
Jan hummed and pursed her lips, deep in thought. “Steve keeps asking to see you, he cornered me this morning. He looks terrible.” Jan said, sticking her own hands in her pockets. “Services him right.”
“I can talk to him.” Tony said, a hint of a smile on his face. Pepper and Rhodey looked at Tony with questions written all over his face. “We can talk to him, me and Jan.” Tony quickly said. “We knew him, in boarding school. Maybe we can convince him to join our super secret boy band.”
“He and Carol get along great. Even Thor has taken a shining to him.” Jan said over the sound of the sink running.
“Carol.” Stephen said, not yet activating his com. Mostly to himself. He didn’t think what he detected would have a name let alone be a person. This was interesting. The alpha looked at Tony in his suit. “Want to see me fly?” Stephen asked, even in the middle of an alien invasion, he wanted to show off to the omega.
As she made her way to California she thought back to Maria Stark. Jan laughed and shook her head. She looked out the window to see a starry clear night.
“You went into distress. I put you in here to rest. Scents of an alpha and friends help with distress. Also blocking out most things that stimulate the senses.”
After that, Bucky could see the team deteriorating without their omega and Bucky was a piss poor substitute. A part of Bucky wonders if he should be hurt by how obviously Steve loved Tony. How Steve no longer had that spark in his eyes. They hadn’t had sex after Tony had caught them, not that that surprised the omega but Steve had stopped all intimate contact. The most he got out of Steve was conversation.
His bones felt like jelly, and the more he inhaled the more his brain got dizzy. He wanted to sleep here forever. His omega brain was screaming to nest here, he would be safe here.
“I shot at the bastard.” Jan said against Tony’s neck where her face was buried.  “He came by asking where you were and I just shot at him, fucking prick.” Jan said, surprised at her own voice cracking. and Tony let out a wet laugh against her shoulder. He sniffled and pulled back from her.
Jan started at Fury a long minute, he never looked away. Jan let out a sigh, he had a point. And Tony trusted Fury. Jan did too. Fury was quick to question Natasha’s report, which had made Jan a little smug. Fury was the first to come by to check on Tony after his parents car accidents.
Now Tony was sitting in his lawn chair as he watched Jan attempt to open a portal like Stephen did so often and with such little effort. Jan held out her hand that held the sling ring and tried to imitate the motions that Stephen and Wong did when they opened a portal. Despite Jan’s best effort there was only the smallest hint of gold that sparked out before sizzling into nothing. Jan let out a groan and turned to alpha to glare at him.
Fury seemed satisfied with Jan’s answer. He leaned forward and gathered the files and pulled them closer to him. He opened the first one. Jan rolled her eyes again and this time harder, it was a clear dismissal. The omega had no idea why the alpha insists on playing cool all the time, especially when he
Tony turned around in a rage, raising a finger and pointed it at Steve. “It’s what I deserve and will do with or without you.” Tony hissed between his teeth. Steve stopped in front of the elevator, looking at only Tony with wet eyes. “Isn’t that you want, Steve? Don’t you want Barnes as your omega?” Tony spat, driving in a metaphorical knife into Steve’s heart.
Normally Tony would expect some sort of legality keeping him tied to Steve and the pack but the Infidelity Clause was. If someone cheats, the other spouse is allowed to separate without question, especially an
Steve barely had time to push Bucky off him before Natasha came running over, jumping and coming down on Steve, knife in hand. One of the many she keeps on her body at all times, Steve is sure. Steve rolled and dodged Natasha’s blade. Natasha was a Black Widow and wasted no time jumping on Steve and wrapping her hands around his throat. Steve watched her eyes turn red with Alpha Rage. Steve didn’t move to get Natasha off him.
It wasn’t until Stephen had cleaned up after himself and left for New York that Carol turned to Tony and grinned like the Cheshire Cat.
“Look me in the eyes, Steve and tell me you don’t want Bucky.” Tony challenged, slamming his hand on the elevator button that held the elevator still. Steve looked like he slipped into Captain America mode, strategizing his way out of this alive. A minute of silence went by, Steve’s own back filling in behind him. “Yeah, that’s what I thought Steve.” Tony whispered and pushed the elevator button again. The doors started to close but Steve slipped in at the last second.
“Strange! The portal!” Rhodey almost pleaded as he kept shooting at the ships that were coming for the wizard.
to you, Rogers. Don’t make the mistake of thinking we’re friends.” Pepper said coldly, never once bothering to look at Bucky and Natasha. Steve signed and ran a hand through his hair.
Jan looked down at the unsealed envelope. She carefully opened it and took out the white piece of parchment. It was thick paper, expensive.
I just wanted to clear up my comment about not leaving mean comments. I'm not talking about constructive comments or conversational comments!! They deleted their comment now but they were very demanding about how I should write and how I should go with the fic. It was very direct.
HELLO! Sorry this is so late and shorter than usual! I actually don't know when I'll be post again regularly. I am in the middle of packing my house and moving across my state! Also my finals week is this week and I have an internship starting soon so I will be so god damn busy. I will try my absolute hardest to update regularly but ya know!
“No, I think the infinity stone was just a super weird discovery.” Carol said as she put her plate on the coffee table and leaned forward in her seat. “I think those ships were here for you, Tony.”
“Tony, I’ll consent to the bond break if you talk to me. Please, Tony.” Steve practically begged, not caring about the other 6 eyes watching him.
Strange felt a deep sense of pride when he seemed to have Janet Van Dyne’s seal of approval. It was subtle but he remembered it clearly. Strange had seen her every day after his and Tony’s math class, she was always waiting for Tony and glaring at his classmates as they walked past. That included Strange too. Until after one day Strange had helped Tony back to his dorm at the start of his math class.
But they were together again. Against all odds. So the day before Tony was scheduled to come back, Steve let himself indulge what had been ripped from him. When Steve woke up he could hear the pack downstairs making breakfast and chatting. If Steve thought about it
.” Tony whined, his breathing heavy and unsteady “I’m gonna come, Steve. Steve, please.” Tony moaned. Steve slowly took his mouth off Tony. It felt painfully good. Steve ran his hands gently over Tony’s skin. Tony’s nerve were in overload and the softest touch made him moan like a whore. Steve smiled something wicked as he appreciated his handiwork. Tony’s body was shaking in pleasure. Tony had one finger in his mouth, biting down so he wouldn’t moan as loud. His cheeks flushed with a lovely shade of peach, his chest rising up and down rapidly. Steve didn’t say anything as he manhandled Tony, turning him around. Tony looked over his shoulder, looking at Steve as he played with Tony’s cheeks. Tony smirked and wiggled his hips slightly.
Tony was happy about it, he knows everything else is falling apart but this. The little peanut growing inside of Tony was the best thing to ever happen to Tony. Tony will be damned if anyone looks at him with pity-
It bothered Steve, Bucky could tell. Always so rigid around the other alpha despite the two never exchanging a single word. The most they got out of the other group were “everything is under control.” from Carol and “Fury is in the loop, trust him if not us.” from Jan. It was enough for Bucky but not for the rest of the pack.
. They were in the living room of the compound, Tony having moved across to the west wing when he couldn’t stomach to breath the air that once contained
“He was going to visit with Jarvis,” understanding flickers in the other men’s expression. “Said he’d be a while and that we should head back. He, uh,” he rubs the back of his neck and feels heat crawl up to his ears. Shit, how is he supposed to even ask for this? The least they are entitled to do is let him walk his ass back to the compound. “He said you might be able to give me a ride home?” it ends up coming out more like a question.
“You’re moving on, though, babbo. I want to do the same. I want to—I want to be okay, for you, for the squirt—I just don’t want—”
“Is that why?” Tony says, and there’s a bite to the words but it’s not as harsh as it usually is nowadays. The soldier braces himself for what is to follow. It’s his due, anyway, he dug this grave all on his own. “Because you didn’t know her? Is that why it was so easy for you to… to lie? You didn’t know her?” Steve opens his mouth to answer though the panic in his mind doesn’t let him think of any coherent response, but Tony continues with a harsh, bitter laugh. “What am I even talking about? Even if you’d known her there’s no guarantee you would have
he could never tell Peter what to do… it still had felt wrong. It had still made him keep an eye on the kid while they fought the Avengers, and wasn’t that just the kicker? He had never expected the others to actually fight them.
He almost thinks that the others are completely fooled until he chances a look at “their” side of the conference table and notices not only Rogers’s stunned expression but Sam’s as well. Barton and the Maximoff girl are too busy conferring with each other to notice, and Lang is just confused about the whole thing.
“Stark,” Sam says quietly. His eyes scan the plans again, as though he’d missed it, but he doesn’t see it. Steve looks, too, his heart pounding in his chest. He even looks through all the rooms in red, but his name is not on there. “Maybe he’s back at the tower with Pepper.”
He’s so lost in his thoughts that he doesn’t notice when a little person drops on the seat right next to his. It’s only when the other person’s plate clatters on the table that he looks up, startled. When he notices who it is, his fork hits his plate with a loud clank.
But it wasn’t until the tenth day when everything came to a head. It should have been obvious that something had to give, but nobody knew how to proceed. After the fourth day, Tony had gone completely radio silent. He’d even revoked Rhodey and the kids’ access to the workshop. Harley and Peter still brought him meals, and found the plates outside. According to them, this was a huge improvement since the last time he’d gone like this. It still worried Steve sick, however, to know that he was down there with that blasted machine.
to help myself find a way back to you. I would have taken anything, but you wouldn’t even give me the curtesy of listening to what I had to say. I didn’t understand why at the time, but now I do. I’m sorry, Steve,” Tony said sincerely as everything seemed to shut down. “It was my fault for thinking I mattered to you as much as they do.”
Scott Lang was standing in the doorway with a puzzled, yet happy look on his face. Tony noted, with some relief, that there was no apprehensiveness or distrust on the other man’s face. If anything, he looked pleasantly surprised. If a little awkward, though Tony was beginning to suspect it was just his normal state of being.
“Yeah, Bot?” Steve said, Tony’s pet name rolling easily off his tongue. Nate beamed up at him and patted his chest again.
“I betrayed them. I was sworn to protect them, and at the first difficulty I broke their trust. I built that prison. I may not have physically brought them in, but I may as well have put the restraints on them. The least I could do is try to give them their lives back. Let it go, T’Challa,” Tony says, and his voice break. It might be the only reason why the king does though he still looks upset. “They’d be the first to tell you that I mean next to nothing to them now. I mean, Clint has already said it to my face.”
“Hi, everyone!” Peter says cheerfully and the others can do nothing but gawk at him. His voice is unmistakable even if they’d all heard it before in a German airport.
“You didn’t feel like that two years ago,” Natasha bites back. He knew the moment his palm hit the table that she would come back with something vicious. They’ve been rubbing off against each other’s space for too long; they’re all angry and tense. He knows it was only a matter of time before they were biting each other’s heads off.
“It’s fine,” he says quietly. He really doesn’t mind. Seeing Peter this excited about anything always makes him feel like he’s doing something right. So what if it’s usually when Tony introduces him to something new, or gives him new doodads, or helps him
The rest of the ride back to the facility is marred with tense silence. The tension so thick it could be cut with a knife, and Steve racks his brain for something to say. Anything that doesn’t make him sound too stupid, but that brings the tension a bit lower. Most of his questions have to do with the time he’s missed states’ side, though, or about Tony and he’s not thoughtless enough to think the men in the car will be too forthcoming with that. Tony might not have said it explicitly, but he knows Rhodes and Hogan won’t hesitate to tell him where he can shove his concern. So they sit in silence, Happy’s eyes trained on the road ahead, and Rhodes looking out the window. Steve notices that one hand keeps fisting on the colonel’s leg, but doesn’t say anything. That is another thing that is not his place to mention, and he knows it, but goddamn it, he cares for Rhodes. He’d been part of his team for long enough to form a kinship.
, I want you to remember that the people he’s loved most are either dead or have stabbed him in the back. He’s getting better, now. With the kids, and with us, and we would all be damned if we let you lot drag him down again. Am I understood?”
When the topic diverts to Peter’s schooling for the third time in as many minutes, Tony decides that he’s had enough. They were clearly having a good time before he came and intruded, and he knows Peter’s mind. He knows there are probably millions of questions that he wants to ask the blond, his
Though he didn’t say it out right, it was fairly implied that the agent meant Tony. The tightening of Wanda’s jaw said that she knew it, too. The mood in the room took a deep dive after that, and soon Peter and Harley were scrambling to put their dirty dishes in the washing machine and crowding around Tony. Rhodey, as well, managed to get to his feet with only a quiet grunt of pain before he was moving towards the exit and telling Tony that he would be waiting for him in the lab.
“We understand that,” Clint says calmly while taking Nate from Steve. Their eyes meet, and the understanding that they’ve had from countless missions passes between them. For this, they need to work together. For this, they need to calm the kids down. “We just want to know why what FRIDAY said scared you so much. If you tell us, we can help.”
“Oh, Coop,” Tony says softly. “He didn’t choose anyone over you. He’d never do that, kiddo, he didn’t fight just because of her. The accords… the laws they were trying to put up… they were dangerous. They could have hurt your dad, and then you would all have been hurt, too. Clint—your father was just trying to keep you all safe and happy. That’s what he’ll
“It—it’s all right, Steve, like you said we both knew this was coming,” Tony bites his lip, takes a shuttering breath, and then looks up at Steve. He’s trying so hard, Steve can tell, not to cry. It breaks his heart in two. “I just—”Tony looks away, over Steve’s shoulder and then seems to come to a decision. “I just hope you know that I love you,” the breath leaves his lungs and the young genius gives a sad little chuckle. “I love you,” he repeats, his voice steady. “And you made me happy. And I’m sorry that wasn’t enough for you.”
“All right, mini-bots,” Tony said with a salute as he took Baby Barton from Cooper. The little boy cooed at him, and Tony gave him a grin. “The General is calling.”
“Oh, give me a break, rich boy,” Clint snorted derisively. His own hands are crossed over his chest, and he stands on a near mirror image of the other man. “I came out of retirement because of you! Don’t talk to me about shitty choices when we’re still trying to fix
“Whoa,” he says as he throws an arm to catch Harley around the torso, and readjusts Baby Bart on his other arm. “Slow down a bit. What is Green-Wood?”
“Yes, yes, little traitor,” Tony says as he walks towards the mini rec room, Sam on his heels. “We’re gonna go see your bestie in a bit.”
“Uncle Tony said we could go play down in the lab later,” Cassie pipes up from where she’s coloring next to Lila.
Also, the way Steve reacts to Wanda's court date and stuff I basically got stuck in that scene from Civil War when they're in the conference room and he throws a fit with the whole "she's just a kid!!" Thing. And I wanted to like think that there was a way for him to redeem himself after that. I like to think that MCU Steve doesn't know what Wanda showed Tony, and that being confronted with the truth will give him perspective. So we ended up here.
Still, they were his best friends and they made it work. They have weekly movie nights, and morning runs and coffee meet-ups when they could. None of them admitted that it was a way for Steve to try to get his life back in order. Two years after the breakup with Tony, Steve had tried his hand at dating. Sharon had been the furthest thing to Tony he could have chosen. She was a no-nonsense woman working for the local police department, making her way up to be a detective, and Steve had been intrigued from the moment he accidentally bumped into her at the supermarket on his way to movie night.
“Couldn’t even make it fifteen minutes, huh?” she says when they pull away. Peter laughs from where he’s sitting between Cooper and an amused Harley.
Steve stops him, this time, with a chaste kiss on the lips. He pulls away quickly, doesn’t feel like now is the time but being unable to stop himself nonetheless and Tony blinks again. “I’m not exactly impartial, either, Tony. I was—I admit, I was angry when they told me. I’m sorry.”
Before anyone can continue their interrogation, Tony catches sight of a mop of unruly brown hair through the glass door. He feels his whole body go cold as he gets a goofy grin in return. Before he can even think about it, before his synapses even spark, he’s on his feet and balling his fists on top of the table. He throws a look that is complete betrayal at T’Challa, and he knows it. He doesn’t give a shit, though, because just
“I’d just like a moment. I’m not trying to pick a fight,” the tone suggests that it’s hard for the other man to sound civil.
Steve feels his throat closing at the words, his eyes stinging with the effort it takes to not cry in front of Tony; that is at least one cruelty he can spare him. He already feels like an ass for breaking his heart; he doesn’t need to put more doubts in his head. Still, he opens his mouth but no words come out.
“And if they want to lock her up again? Then what? You just let them?” Steve snapped, and now even T’Challa’s mask broke to show his impatience. The blond refused to stand down, though, not when the stakes had suddenly gotten so high. He had
, but goddamn it, Clint. Do you have any idea what it feels like to see your entire team dead or dying and for them to tell you it was your fault?”
Tony had cried, big heaving sobs that knocked the breath out of him and left him feeling hollow, as he laid in his back and wished, with every ounce of his being, that he wouldn’t have to face the other side of this battle. He had been resilient, had kept his promise to Yinsen for as long as he could, but there were things that even iron couldn’t hold.
“Boss left the tower approximately forty five minutes ago,” her voice is as frosty as it always is when she addresses him. He has no time to feel hurt over that because he’s steadily working his way to panic. Where in the hell could Tony have gone?
Tony’s eyes, that had been locked on the Baby’s and trying his better best not to look too besotted, immediately snapped up to the blond man’s. Barton has a scowl on his face, and his arm keeps the baby where he is. Bart-bot makes a whining noise and stretches a bit more with a fussy “’Onnyyyy.” Barton looks down at him and hushes him while Tony straightens.
And though he doesn’t feel ready, will never be fucking ready, he lets them drag him into a seat. He doesn’t really contribute much, can’t really think of anything that might be helpful, but his eyes remain locked on
“Height of steroid cocktails, maybe,” Harley mutters, and yup. Steve has a long, long road to forget ahead. He’s thinking it might just be worth it to get to know this small spit fire that Tony calls his, though.
Tony, on the other side of the glass, slowly falls to his knees. He hits the ground with a whack! Of bone on linoleum and bows his head. He grabs hold of his head and holds tight. Those same gasping noises hitching out of his throat. On his side, Steve does the same. Both hands on the glass as he struggles to take an even breath and his insides churn with guilt.
“When?” Stark’s voice had been deadly quiet. He’d tilted his head to the side. “When did I have time to explain anything? When you came and bombed my home and attacked my friend?” Clint had been about to argue that explanation, but Stark had held a hand out to stop him. “When you were fighting me and mine for no reason, shut the fuck up now, Barton,” he’d snapped when the archer had opened his mouth again to argue. “It’s my turn, you will goddamn well respect it. You were
And yeah, maybe he won’t be going outside with the shield and the cowl for a while. Maybe he will decide not to carry the world on his shoulders anymore, but he will still have his team. Tony has proven that he’s loved him, even at his worst, and that he will continue to do so even when he falls. So, maybe, just
“You needed us,” Harley says and ah, there’s that Stark stubbornness shining through again. “You always say that’s what we have you for, right? Then it makes sense that it would go both ways. that means we have your back too,” Harley says and then, after a brief moment of consideration, rushes to wrap his skinny arms around the man’s waist. “Even when I tattle.”
Stark merely shakes his head; Clint can tell he’s already tired of the conversation. The sun has fully set by now, and all around them the compound’s and the green house’s lights are burning bright. Stark looks towards where the others are gathered. “I’m done talking about her, Clint. I can’t—I will never see her the way you do, just as I doubt you’d ever get over what Loki did to you,” the comparison grates on the archer’s nerves, but he doesn’t say anything. “And as for Wanda, I’d suggest you talk to Natasha about that. She was a lot more hands on with the Accords and the press than I was. My job was to try to convince Cap to listen. They thought he would listen to me; co-leader and all that bullshit,” he laughs bitterly. “But that’s not what we should be talking about here, Clint. This isn’t about just you and me; hell, it’s not even about the bullshit that we call a team. This is about Cooper,” Stark takes off his sunglasses and looks directly at the archer. Clint can’t remember ever seeing him this serious. “That boy in there loves you, Barton. He’s kind and loving, and fucking brilliant. You and Laura have raised a damned good kid, and you have no right making him feel the way you have. No, shut up,” Stark makes a motion with his hand to cut it out. Clint snaps his mouth so hard his jaw aches. “That boy loves you, and he fucking needs you, Clint. They all do, but they need
Worse of all, in the middle of his bed on top of the cheap fitted sheets he bought from Costco because they felt more familiar, there was his shield.
“Rhodes, I think its time for your walk,” Natasha tells Rhodey, which just serves to spark his anger more. Saying he isn’t a
“The BARF,” the incredulity in the voice should annoy Tony, but he’s more surprised about the fact that it’s
“You don’t know anything about the mechanic,” Harley tells Wanda without even looking at her. He shakes his head, and grabs the tablet they had been messing with. “Let’s go, we can finish this in my room,” he tells Peter and the other boy nods mutely.
when the pain and the guilt become too much, but at this very moment he can have this. He can allow himself to push aside the lingering resentment and bask in the reality of this mismatched group of freaks he’s found himself falling in love with.
“He doesn’t,” the king agrees with an inclination of his head. It takes the wind right off Rhodey’s sails in surprise. Tony must look just as confused because T’Challa turns his attention back to him. “You don’t have to, Anthony, it is more than understandable why you might not want to. You wish for them to have their freedom, their… happiness, do you not? And you think their knowledge of their involvement will somehow taint that. That they will feel as though—“
Back when he was designing the plans for the facility, Tony was struck by inspiration one night (or morning) after another bender. He’d been putting the finishing touches on the outside accommodations when he’d remembered one of his favorite places as a child. He’d immediately begun to sketch the plans on the blueprints he’d given to Pepper. He still remembers the bright smile she’d given him when she’d seen it.
“I got a degree in biochemistry, one in genetics, and a PhD covered,” Peter says with a grin. “But mostly because I’ve been around him longer.”
“You’re alive,” Steve said breathlessly and it was testament to how surprised they were that Tony didn’t rib him for stating the obvious.
“All right! I’m going!” he says crossly, but he can’t be too mad. Especially when his stomach rumbles in complaint to its emptiness.
“Owie, Unc’a ‘Ony?” Baby Bart says, and his little voice is filled with concern. Tony realizes he must have felt his trembling.
“It’s about tomorrow, actually,” he said and watched Tony’s face carefully. He needn’t have bothered, though, the mechanic might be a master at keeping his face unchanged but his eyes always gave him away. Steve suspected that’s why he liked his tinted sunglasses so much. He saw the challenge brewing up in Tony’s eyes, and he braced himself.
He hears Sam scramble off the couch and slam the door on his way out. Nat curses something under her breath as she runs to her room to gather her gear. For a second, Steve stands in the silent kitchen and doesn’t do anything. Then, without his mind even sending the command, his fist slams against the wall and a distant sting flares up from his knuckles.
Banner’s tablet lights up with a hologram in the shape of a human being. Those anatomical sketch things Steve has seen in some books. He can see the organs of the figure and the veins; around the hologram pop up charts and schematics and tables and numbers. But what calls Steve’s attention, what forces him to get off his ass and push past Natasha is the semi-triangular object in the chest of the figure.
“You’d know better than I do, Phil,” she says with a tone of resignation. “He’s in the lab; he won’t talk to anyone unless it’s Rhodes or Parker comes to pay him a visit. He rarely comes out anymore, and Pepper is clearly not calling him for SI business.”
“Oh, Anthony,” T’Challa says with mirth in his tone. “You could be in nothing but your underwear facing an army, and you still wouldn’t run away.”
The mechanic doesn’t have to be told twice. He all but rips the baby out of Laura’s arms as she laughs. Tony cuddles his nephew to his chest and nuzzles into his soft hair as the baby whimpers into his chest and holds on tight to his shirt.
Tony chuckles wetly, his hand going up and down on Peter’s back in a motion that sooths them both. “I know, Peter. I see it in your eyes every time you’ve been cooped up here. I know how much you miss it, and I hate seeing you unhappy. I hate seeing what this is doing to me. Tell me how I can help, bambino, tell me how we can work this out.” His voice gets a little desperate at the end, but he’s at the end of his rope as it is. And he hates that Peter is feeling so burdened all the time; Tony feels like that, has felt like that for decades, and he would never want his son to go through the same thing.
Sitting there, holding his son, Tony debates how much he can share with his boy. Up until this point he has been thinking that it’s his job to protect him. That he has to swallow all of it, all the pain and despair and pure
Marina’s face softens, and the smile she sends his way now is actually genuine. She gently places the folder on his thighs, because she knows about his
“Have they told you something?” Rogers asks, and there’s a concerned dip between his eyebrows. It’s almost like he
because of you? Huh, Rogers? Can you answer that? What the fuck is so great about avenging someone when they’re dead and you could have stopped it?!” the last word is a yell, and a few birds nearby take flight.
But since when has the blabbermouth ever done what he’s told? Even when he was barely two years old and they told him not to run so much or he’d bump his head, he’d gone right ahead and done
“Hey! Language! I don’t tell you off for a lot of things, Harley, but you do not use that kind of language. I don’t care if you call me a hypocrite,” Tony raises a hand to stave off more prepubescent arguments. “We’ve had this talk with your mother too many times, Har. You do
“Where’s my brother?” James says as soon as Steve is in hearing range. Well, regular human’s hearing range. The man sounds stern, but there is concern hidden in there. Steve bites his cheek bloody with the need to defend himself.
Sam sits stock still as Lang hugs his daughter so tight his muscles contract, and then he has the wherewithal to put his hand on the other man’s back. He rubs at his tense muscles, clearly trying to calm him down so that the little girl can stop crying. He looks like he’s about to cry too, though, when Tony meets his eyes. Falcon looks around the room for a second, and then at Tasha, and then finally rests his eyes on Tony. He seems to have made a decision, though, because he mouths, decisively and determinedly, “thank you,” to Tony. The mechanic swallows hard and shakes his head unable to meet the other man’s gaze any longer.
Everywhere he went. Every place he sought a distracted, there was always something that would make his mind run back to them. The color of the sky near twilight was exactly like Peter’s when he was in the sun. The feel of the breeze on his cheeks during another restless night ambling around the palace grounds reminded him of the first night of their honeymoon. The tech, goddamn it all, the tech brought a flash of brown eyes and a whiff of metal and cologne every single day.
“Even if he were still… there,” Natasha presses on. Steve understands, she’s always been the most pragmatic one, the one to look at the bigger picture, but this isnt’ helping. He sees it in the way Thor’s hands tighten into fists, and the change in Rhodey’s posture. “we don’t have the resources to send out a rescue—”
He hopes that Bruce, wherever he is, will know that he’s hopefully finally getting it right. That, after everything that Tony has done wrong for him and the whole team, trusting him with this information about his past wasn’t a mistake. He hopes, perhaps vainly, that at least this is a bridge he can save.
“Have anyone in mind, Agent Coulson?” Tasha says with a smile. She already knows the answer. Part of her, though she’ll never own up to it, is relieved that she might soon have some back-up. Especially when she sees the jet, not a Wakandan one, land in the airstrip.
“FRI, the Phoenix project schematics. Access code: WARMACHINEROX91,” Rhodes says with his arms crossed.
from captivity. He has the presence of mind not to say this out loud because he’s damn sure either Rhodey or even Sam would punch him again, but still. It makes a heavy weight sink in his stomach because while the memories are hard to think about, looking at Tony like this feels even worse.
“Taking care of Cassie was no trouble, Mr. Lang,” Tony said and he knew his tone was cutting. “She’s a kid that needed help, and I could provide it. You don’t owe me anything.” With that, he tried to make his way into the rec room. For a second there he’d thought… he shook his head to stop himself from continuing on that train of thought.
“I—it was—we all did it. Tasha helped with the evidence and T’Challa went and braved the UN. I just… I just threw money at things,” he says with a half-assed shrug.
“How long has it been since she was supposed to check in?” He says, eyes drifting over to Sam and the TV. There’s some sort of natural disaster going on somewhere, there are people running around on the television and the footage looks shaky; the strip at the bottom just says “BREAKING NEWS” in alarmingly red letters.
“Oh, yeah?” Steve says, trying to keep the hope from his voice, as he takes a seat next to Harley. Peter, who had been by the cupboard grabbing a snack, drops a bowl of fruit next to Steve’s elbow without looking at him. Harley looks up at him, an inscrutable look on his face, before Peter nudges him with an elbow as he plunks next to him and they both go back to looking at the schematics in front of them. Steve heaves a sigh, and tries not to feel too disappointed. He’d been
Steve takes a fortifying breath and slowly makes his way to the end of the corridor. He takes a right at FRIDAY’s prompting and comes to face another wall. This is solid reinforced glass, and on the other side of the door is the great Tony Stark. Only he doesn’t look as sharp or debonair as his picture on the cover of Time magazine. He’s barefoot in threadbare jeans and a black singlet. He’s running hands through his hair that even from his position Steve can see trembling.
“Don’t call me that,” the boy says angrily. Steve can recognize a smoke screen when he sees one, though, and the pain in the boy’s eyes is clear. Clint merely stares at him. “Stop acting like you care about Uncle Tony, or any of us. You only care about the witch, and yourself. You’ve been so mad at him this whole time. You’re probably the reason he is where he is, and you never even cared! So stop acting like you do!” He glares for a second longer, his lip trembling, before he rushes out of the room.
“Yeah,” she says as she watches a woman come out of the jet. Her eyes cut to Barton, still distracted with his game, and wonders if he can sense the storm that’s coming his way. She decides to keep quiet about it. Maybe he needs some retribution.
“But it’s dumb,” he grumbles to himself and Tony smirks at him. It’s easy to forget, when he’s sassing and chastising Tony like he thrice his age, that the boy isn’t even fifteen yet. “And Mr. Spicer is a contradictory di—“
Tony spent a few more minutes teaching the little boy about colors and shapes and new words. Nate was like a little sponge, soaking and repeating everything that the engineer told him, and though tony was fairly certain he wouldn’t remember most of it he still took great pleasure in teaching him all of it. If by the next visit he remembered even one word, Tony would consider it an accomplishment. The older kids played duck-duck-goose with Sam for a good bit, and then decided to make a puzzle. They were putting the final pieces together when there was a tentative knock from the entryway.
