He huffed in disbelief but stayed silent, not trusting anything that would come out of his mouth right then. At the sound of voices picking back up he turned his attention back to the screen; scooting to the edge of his chair even as he sent up a prayer that Charlie was right and it was just coincidence. It was all dashed a few moments later when Alastair moved off stage and came back leading a younger Omega, bared except for plain black boxer briefs and a thick collar around his throat. Castiel felt his fangs descend as Alastair yanked the leash he had wrapped around his hand, dragging the younger man to his knees. Even from the distance of Balthazar's camera he could see the defiant curl of Dean's lip before he dropped his head to his chest in a display of obedience.
Before either Jimmy or himself could respond Dean slipped out of the trailer, a swagger in his step as they watched him make his way across the lot.
Castiel looked up from the script, a smirk stretching his lips. He handed the papers to Jimmy, tapping the other man with his foot.
"No..no he's not. I'm sure he's happy you're gone. You're not corrupting his new Mate, he doesn't have to worry about your safety or health now. He can focus on his family."
As soon as the officiant announced Sam and Gabriel as mates Castiel found himself arm in arm with Dean and following behind their brothers as they made their way back down the aisle. As the happy couple waved and shared lingering gazes, Castiel lean in close and whispered in Dean's ear.
Despite the car falling silent, it wasn't awkward and their hands remained intertwined on the seat between them.  It reeked of domesticity and Castiel couldn't get enough, he didn't want the drive to end but as all things must, it did and they were soon pulling up to the facility. What neither of them counted on however was the group greeting them the moment they exited the car. Standing in the drive at the foot of stairs leading to the door was Gabriel, Charlie, Sam, Ash, and Benny. Another thing they didn't expect was Sam to come snarling at them, his eyes Alpha Red and his scent angry.
"Not with my job Sammy, I'm up and down ladders all day long. Some one has to save those kitties and I'm not jumbo size like you are." He winked at Sam with a grin but the other boy just snorted and looked back at his phone.
"When you went missing, Charlie and I went through all recent rentals to see if maybe one was rented recently and to see if it might be the sort of place you'd be kept. The one that caught our immediate attention was a house bought a month or two before you were taken. We found out that you had bought the house so we struck it off the list. Then when Henry said you'd some find some place safe to nest, some place no one else would know of this place popped into my mind. It was perfect and I hoped I was right." He shifted slightly, his voice a bit rough as he continued. "You know, Jimmy was supposed to come with me, demanded it actually. However it seems as if he met his actual True Mate in your kitchen..or rather Moondoor's kitchen. A blonde Omega making grocery deliveries."
"Tis possible Tweetie Pie, but you won't know unless you go and meet with him. You might be worried about nothing or you might have to defend your Pack Leader status."
He looked up and froze as his eyes landed on the man standing in the doorway the action allowing his brother to get free and return the hair ruffle before moving towards the stairs.
Rowena scolded, winking at the pups that giggled behind their hands. For his part Castiel swallowed down another growl, settling for looking over at Dean from the corner of his eye and noticing for the first time how his mates stomach was gently rounded. He shifted closer; wanting nothing more than to bury his nose in the crook of Dean’s throat and breath deep Dean’s pregnant scent. Instead he straightened his back and stared at Rowena.
"Somewhere he does, it might be in the bathroom under the sink, or in the linen closet at the top of the stairs."
"I could as the same of you, Wings of Thursday is rather unique." Charlie cut in, one eyebrow arched delicately as she studied him.
Dean relaxed a bit and he rubbed at the smooth, sensitive skin. He felt a bit better at hearing Dean's recounting but there was still unease sitting in his stomach and he felt his cheeks heat a bit as he looked over at Dean.
"Oh Dean." He arched his eyebrow as he held eye contact. "Did you know Dean that there's a difference between the scent of Heat induced slick and Arousal induced slick?" He flicked his tongue out to wet his lips and watched as Dean's eyes flicked down to watch the action. "And right now Omega the slick crawling down your thighs is Arousal induced."
"It's Sam. Sammy is the name for a chubby fledgling." There was a frown on Sam's face before it slipped away and he was smiling at him. "How have you been? The last I heard you were on border duty."
"You were? You two were going to go to a dive bar and willingly spend time with Gabriel and the group he put together?"
And so we come to the conclusion of our tale. I hope you all enjoyed the ride and yes I do have a few more things planned for this Verse still. Maybe a few oneshots. After all can't leave the bomb shell of Cas being a Pureline in his own right. So keep an eye out for that one shot. Not sure on when it will come out though, I have another few thoughts bouncing around in my mind at the moment. I do want to take the time to thank everyone that has read, kudo'd, and commented on this fic. You all made it a joy to write again. Hugs and Cookies for all!
He felt Dean tremble under his tongue and he gave the fluttering hole one last long swipe of his tongue before he quickly flipped Dean over onto his back and bottomed out completely in one thrust. Castiel stayed still long enough to allow Dean to adjust; leaning in and teasing a kiss before breaking away and leaving them both of them panting softly and just breathing in each other's air. As he started moving he kept his thrusts long and slow; allowing Dean to feel every pull and push as he pressed praise into his mates skin with soft kisses.
Underneath him Dean writhed, his hands clutching at his shoulders and hair, the sharp bursts of pain sending fire burning along Castiel's skin as he worked; wringing soft growls from him. He wanted to map out each inch of glorious skin but the closer he came to Dean's pelvis the more concentrated the scent of Dean's arousal became and Castiel jerked when he felt the first tendrils of his rut curl around his core. Wide eyed he looked up at the green eyed Omega, once again taken aback by the shining gold staring back at him.
Castiel nodded. "We have. I just can't believe that my brother would mate another Omega..not that there is anything wrong with it..."
"Mmhmm. And let me just say seeing Dean manhandling Gabriel like he did was pretty hot." A smirk crossed Castiel's lips as he recalled the fight. "Very hot actually. But I digress. During the fight Gabriel kept asking dean about working with Lee Webb and the name kept bothering me. I knew I'd heard before but it wasn't until I googled the name today that I knew where I'd seen Lee's name before. He owns Wicked Webbs Adult Studios along with the Wicked Webbs Adult Website. So I clicked on the site and looked what popped up." He turned his phone around to show Jimmy the screen.
With a barely held snarl he peeked out of his blanket burrito, his eyes narrowed as they landed on his brother leaning against the door frame with a cup of coffee in his hand.
"So you're the muscle Cassie hired yesterday? He never said you were so good looking." The man very obviously let his eyes travel up and down Dean's frame before speaking again. "Well Adonis, my name is Gabriel."
"Only for Ben. Poor boy comes from a bad home and has seen the back end of a cruiser more times than anyone else in town...well other than Marv, the town drunk who insists that he's the "scribe of God" ." She snorted even as she used air quotes before lips tipped down into a frown. "I guarantee he'll at Moondoor before the night is through. If Dean doesn't just take him there and bypass the jail altogether."
"Charles.." Dean warned, his nose scrunching up in playful annoyance before he stuck his hand out. "Nice to meet you Cas."
"I see you met my eldest, Alfie." Dean started, a small smile on his lips at the slight marking claim his scent left on Adam.
Samandriel shook his head and Dean let out a huff of a sigh before moving over and placing his hands on the glass and peering into the interior.
"Let me tell you a story. I've been here for a very long time...from the time when everything was just..well you'd call it stardust I think, but it was just the emissions of dying stars that ignited and brought everything into being. I remember being at a shoreline, watching as a little grey fish heaved itself up onto the beach and an older brother saying 'don't step on that fish Castiel. Big plans for that fish.' I remember how it conformed to it's surroundings, adapted and learned.."
"Doesn't matter. Look, I know it sucks, he's your father too, and you got the short end of the stick when it came to time with him but trust me, you got the better end of the deal not having to deal with him."
As he drew nearer to the kitchen other scents started to filter in under the strong coffee scent--which was some form of french vanilla; his favorite--the scent of sun ripened peaches, honeysuckle, bourbon, and as he scented again, he thought he could detect an undercurrent of leather. Separately the scents were good, but combined they made him want to whine and sniff softly in order to suss out the origin of them before rolling around in them and coating himself head to toe.
"He could turn on Dean and that's it. Either Dean is killed or turned. And Dean wasn't so impressed with being a Vampire before."
Jack came into the world with a soft cry, and tears gathered in Castiel's eyes as one small hand gripped his finger. He looked over to where Dean slept and he felt his heart stop for a moment before it kicked into double time. In his arms Jack coo'd softly before snuggling against him and falling asleep. The door opened nearly silently and he looked up to see Ben and Emma creeping into the room with Gabriel, Sam, and Mary following after them; everyone crowding around him and Jack and quietly exclaiming over how perfect the little pup was. The world could end right then and he wouldn't care, he was surrounded by his family and all was just as it should be. He looked over at Dean again, his lips curled in a smile as he realized that Dean did get his Castle on the Hill after all.
"Of course you do. Happy Omega means happy Alpha." Meg snorted, her arms crossed now over her chest.
"They're not all bad." Dean hedged before throwing his hands up. "Alright, yeah, some of them are pretty bad, but there are a few.."
"Dean.." His voice was absolutely wrecked, dropped down to nearly nonhuman and he could feel his Alpha coming closer and closer to the surface.
The sound of his name coming from his..the Omega's lips was like settling into a warm bath on a winters night. He took a step forward before the sound of growling registered and he blinked, tearing his gaze away from Michael only to lock onto one of the tallest Alphas he'd ever seen.
Dean's eyes were trained on his face and Castiel shifted slightly under the gaze. He should have realized that Charlie would have gotten to that information rather easily. Not that he was ashamed of his works, he just wanted to be the one to tell Dean about it in a bid to show that he was one of the good Alphas.
There was a distant shout and he turned at the last second but it was too late, the man barreled into him and they both went down; his head hitting the ground hard enough to bounce while the man landed sprawled  between his knees. There was a moment of silence where they were only staring at each other; their eyes flicking over faces and down towards to lips before back up. It felt as if it were some scene out of a cheesy romance novel or Hallmark movie but neither man moved, their eyes drawn to one another over and over again. The moment was broken when a larger, bearded man in a street officer’s uniform came jogging up, a large German Shepard trotting along behind him.
Twin gazes caught and held as they shifted into sitting positions, knees just lightly touching. From the outside they were identical and for the sake of their careers any movies they starred in, they were billed as twins. However James "Jimmy" Novak and Castiel Krushnic were not related. They were merely two men blessed with similar looks that happened to meet for the sake of their jobs.
The brunette whipped around, his eyes wide as he noticed that it's wasn't just him and his brothers anymore. Quickly he helped Adam over to where Sam lay before rushing over to Castiel's side; gripping him by the shoulders and pulling him upright.
Dean scowled as he caught the item but slipped it on; making sure that all his hair was contained within. Once he was sure it was on he watched as Gabriel started to buzz around the kitchen like a little tornado. Soon the room was filled with the scent of baking bread and Dean felt his stomach growl in appreciation.
"I can see it in your eyes, how you're watching everyone out on the floor...wanting...craving...practically begging to be out there.." As the sentence went on his voice pitched lower until it was nearly a growl.
They pulled into Jimmy and Amelia's drive and Castiel tilted his head in confusion at the strange black car parked behind Jimmy's Prius. He figured it must belong to someone in Amelia's family or maybe a friend so he pulled in behind the vehicle and killed the engine.  After all Dean and the kids would be leaving most likely before the other people so it wouldn't cause any issues hopefully.
“Don’t worry about it brotha. You looked a little dazed from being bulldozed there. I’m Benny LaFitte.”
"Cassie here is my brother and my best man. We need to get them fitted. I think I was pretty close with the sizing I did before, but I want to make sure it's right."
"Taste so good Omega-mine." Castiel rasped against the warm skin, his tongue flicking out to catch the fresh pulse of slick as it escaped. "My handsome mate, going to look so good round with our pup. I would fuck another one into you if I could...love seeing you that way...my strong, handsome mate...so lucky.."
Warmth bloomed in Dean's chest again and he was certain that if he were a cat he'd be purring. He ducked his head as he finished his drink and handed the trash to Chief when the man held his hand out. They sat quietly together after that, both just taking quiet comfort in one another and Dean feeling the freest he could ever remember feeling.   He laughed quietly to himself as he realized that Chief at been right. He'd never been had until he'd been had by Chief.
"I dunno Clarence. He's not speaking to anyone. Doesn't want to see anyone." She huffed as she stood, rolling her shoulders before heading towards the door. "Good thing I think that it's a stupid idea and you two need some time. So get up Clarence, we've got an Omega to see."
Her laugh was soft and Castiel knew that she was only looking to try and get a rise out of him over the comment. Normally he would have said something but watching her fiddle with the glass in her hand he could only focus on the nervous edge of her scent that was starting to set his instincts on high alert.
He didn't get a chance to finish as the door to the bakery was wrenched open and he was tackled to the ground.
"Well pardon me, I've been busy. I have 5 pups to care for and make sure they're fed, bathed, and put to bed at a reasonable time. I'm tired when I get done at night and just fall asleep."
"What's this?" The boy asked as he looked at the clear object, turning it this way and that before looking back at Dean, his head tilted slightly.  Again Dean couldn't help but see Castiel staring back at him and he took a breath before he forced himself to speak.
"I had no right to call. I didn't want to interrupt your life. I figured you had something, someone back home. Besides why would you want me? I'm broken, dirty, and used up.  I have reoccurring nightmares from my time with Alastair, sometimes they're so bad I have to be sedated just to sleep. Face it Cas, I'm no catch, I know that." The scent of self loathing was thick in the air and he felt himself choking on it.
"Ash can you pack me a basket of food, doesn't matter what it is as long as there is protein and pie."
She nodded and patted his arm before turning and starting away. She stopped only a few steps away before looking at him over her shoulder.
He smiled into the rearview mirror, taking pride in the wide smile on his youngest brother's face. While he and Sam didn't have the best childhood and it had taken Dean everything to get away from their father, Adam just had his mother and when he'd tracked down the younger boy he was all alone after school and the haunted look on his face was something that Dean couldn't stand to see. After a few tense meetings with Kate where he explained just who he and Sam where and what his intentions were she let him take Adam out for a few hours to get to know him. It had taken a while to through the walls that Adam had built but now it was like the sun after a gloomy day when Adam seen Dean pull up in the Impala to get him.
"Oh, yeah. I'm good." The young man turned around, his cheeks still slightly flushed but a smile curling his lips. "Uh..if you need someone to help you run lines again..I'll be more than happy to help."
Another shiver worked it's way down Castiel's spine, a groan stuck in his throat as Dean's warm breath puffed against his ear, the action sending little tendrils of fire licking along his skin. He licked his lips and turned his head to look at Dean from over his shoulder.
"Pure lines are different..." Charlie started, her voice soft. "There's Alpha and Omega pure lines, that means that they've never produces anything other one manifestation. Omegas producing Omegas and Alphas producing Alphas and neither produce Beta's. Most pure lines died off centuries ago...and they tended to be mainly Alpha lines tied to Royalty."
"Good, now that I have your attention. The patient is in recovery. The wound from the bull grazed the femoral artery, had it been a bit more to the left we'd be having a much different conversation. He's not awake from the anesthesia yet so I'd recommend getting a bite and getting comfortable. We'll allow visitors once he wakes." The taller man looked like he was going to argue but he pinned him with a look and the man backed down.
"I learned my lesson while I was away Dean. I serve Heaven, I don't serve man. And I certainly don't serve you."
The lot and stage they were filming on was small so it  didn't take them long to find where Singer had them all meet. A semi circle of talent and crew alike were gathered by the set of the main house interior; Bobby seated in his directors chair with a young man standing besides him. Jimmy and Castiel traded arched eyebrow glances before looking back at the two men before them.
"I just want to help. Cas told me a little bit about what's happening and honestly it seems like a good plan. Obviously there's a strong resemblance between us."
"He said he's Oma's brother. But Oma only has one brother and that's Uncle Sam." He grit out, his eyes not leaving Adam for a moment.
For a week they kept their eyes on him, watching how Dean interacted with the rest of the crew. The boy was a quick learner, even Gabriel hadn't been able to get one over on him more than once. There was however one thing that still bothered Castiel; like a gnat buzzing around his skull he couldn't place where he'd seen Dean before and not being able to pin down that fact was starting to annoy him. So much so that he turned to google and tried to dig up everything he could find on the boy. Sadly it seemed as if Dean didn't have any online presence, no twitter, not even a face book.
"Good choice, he was only going to keep interrupting. And an Omega in his condition doesn't need the stress."
Panting Castiel pulled away, searching Dean's face before swooping back in for another kiss, his hands slipping under Dean's shirt and running over the warm skin. They traded soft moans between their lips, swallowing them away and working more free as time and all responsibilities faded away until there was nothing left but each other and what little space there was between them.
"Hey, hey. Family don't end in blood pup, and it doesn't begin there either. Your Aunt Charlie isn't related to your Oma, nor your Uncle Benny. But your Oma will still fight for them if he has too. You're mine and your Oma's pup. Now and forever."
"On your knees Jimmy, penetration isn't the name of the game this morning, but we're still going to give Dean a taste of what it will be like to take us both. I want you to grind against him from behind while he gets himself off by grinding against me."
It was clear that Sam was trying to keep his temper under control but the condescending tone of voice rubbed him the wrong way and he growled despite himself.
Balthazar arched his eyebrow as if to prove his point, sighing as he backed away slightly. "Because you're going to blow the whole thing if you go. If you see your boy, you're going to go feral. Bloody hell Cas you're partially the way there now."
Castiel opened his mouth to refute Jimmy's statements but they were interrupted by the very person of their conversation. Both Jimmy and Castiel's face turned a light shade of pink as they tried to look anywhere but at Dean's face.
"Did you know that Claire has been bullying a kid in her class?" He hissed out between his teeth, his eyes dangerously narrowed.
"One more step Novak and you become the casualty of a trespassing on private property."  Sam snarled.
He risked a glance at his room mate again, watching as Dean nibbled the point of his pen and he had to physically swallow down a groan as he imagined Dean's lips around him instead. There was obviously  sexual attraction there, at least on his end there was, but the other boy never even so much as looked his way with anything other than friendship in his gaze. He’d even tried bringing dates back to the dorm to try and get a reading on where Dean fell in the spectrum but all the brunette did was apologize and gather his books and head to the library, shooting him a wink and telling him to have fun before disappearing.
“And you’re happy about that? You wanted to murder Benny earlier when you seen him.” Jimmy huffed and even though Castiel couldn’t see his face he knew the other man had rolled his eyes at him. “And how did you find that out?”
"Perhaps, and I'm sure it has a better name, but for simplicity’s sake...I mean the Winchesters have seemed to rubbed off on you with their limited capacity of comprehension...Fatal Flaw works just fine." The blonde snorted and waved his hand. "But I digress, the very best was the very first inkling, the first curl of smoke of your very own downfall.."
"I doubt you could, but thank you." Chief settled in and raised his arm, wrapping it around Dean's shoulders and waiting until Dean started in on his juice and snack. "Ok, so what we're doing now is Aftercare and like Safe words this is non-negotiable. Any time you do a scene, whether big or small, intense or what we just did you are owed aftercare. This helps ease you back into a more stable mindset from subspace. If a submissive, which you are Dean I could tell from the moment I seen you and that's not a bad thing don't ever let anyone tell you different, is left after a scene without proper aftercare or without any at all it can result in Sub-drop which is an emotional and even physical low after an intense scene and can mess with your head from anywhere from a few hours to even weeks."
She set her laptop down with a flourish; a grim smile on her face as she looked at the group over her shoulder. She then turned her attention back to the computer and with a couple clicks of a button several window boxes popped up each one looking to be from home surveillance cameras.
"It's a D-bag. The website said that leather is the best for protecting the dice from getting scratched when not in play. If you want I can give you the website name and you can order more." Castiel felt around in his coat pocket before pulling out a folded piece of paper covered in his handwriting. "It's a website called Delightful D-bags and they do some of the best custom work."
His arms tightened around Dean as he felt the blonde start to shake. They hadn't spoken about it yet but he had the feeling that there would have been no way Dean would step foot back in his house. His safe place had been violated, ripping away the peace that once found there.
"Taken..Henry was taken." He shuddered as the implication set in. Henry had been taken and kept for years, that could have been Dean's fate.
The sound of Dean's laugh curled up warm and full under Castiel's breast bone and the playful wink that he shot him afterwards sent a zip over his skin leaving a gentle warmth in it's wake.
Blinking he reached out subconsciously, poking at the tenuous bond that had formed so many months ago. Like Meg said, it was broken, nothing there but an empty void and his Alpha howled at the loss and demanded they go to Dean immediately, to remedy this and make his Omega see that they needed one another. Instead Castiel rubbed at his chest again, trying to will away the pain.
Sam nodded his head and turned back around to get the drinks and Castiel took the time to let his eyes catalogue the changes in the boy. He had always been on the lanky side, but had grown into the long limbs, his hair was still the soft chestnut color it had always been but appeared to have some bleached highlights and he seemed to be at least 6 foot or even more.
Standing at the door Castiel swallowed thickly, the questions he wanted to ask sticking in his throat. Pulling a breath in through his nose, Castiel knocked on the door as Samandriel shifted from foot to foot. They weren't left waiting long as the door swung open to reveal a woman with steel grey hair cut short and sharp blue eyes.
The smile the man gave was infectious and Dean found himself taking the hand and allowing himself to be pulled to his feet. Once standing they stood toe to toe for a couple moments just staring at one another before the other man stepped back holding his hand out again.
The green eyed man laughed before moving over to Gabriel and hugging him once more before turning back to the house.
Silence reigned back over the two and with a click of his tongue Lucifer nudged the other man with the toe of his shoe repeated in a bid to get the man to react and when it did nothing he dropped his feet to the ground loudly.
He tilted his head as he listened, his eyes widening slightly. "That's great! How long has it been there?"
"You don't know?" His father's face screwed up into a laugh before he shook his head. "He's wearing blockers because he's pregnant right? You don't want other's to know right now."
Blushing furiously he looked up and seen Dean wiggling his eyebrow at him, a smirk on his face. Before he got a chance to answer Dean began to slowly wiggle the the thick denim material down his thighs, pausing when he scraped over the bandaged wound but leaving them as he ran his hand over the pink material, cupping himself and letting out a soft moan even as he arched his back slightly. Breathing and swallowing became difficult for Castiel as their gazes caught and held and he opened his mouth to say something but a knock on the door broke the moment and Dean quickly tossed the blanket over him while Castiel turned towards the door.
"Probably to break you in. The past few times Cassie tried to hire someone they never even bothered to show up once he told them 7."
With a wicked grin he pulled back, nipping Dean's lower lip. "C'mon Love, let me teach out how to take care of that so we can have fun sooner."
Castiel didn't know how much time had gone by but when he woke he looked around, surprised to find that Heaven was a large room with worn red and gold wallpaper and books piled high everywhere he looked. He tried to sit up but groaned as fresh pain washed over him.
The room remained quiet, no one making eye contact with each other as they waited for someone to speak. After a moment or two with still no one offering any information Meg rolled her eyes and began pacing.
"But there's no foreign scent here, you know that. For all we know Dean could have broken the window on accident."
"Lucifer..." It was more than likely meant to be a warning but it was more a whine. "Remove this at once..."
Jack appeared to think it over before he too shrugged his shoulders and accepted the reasoning. After a bit more conversation he wandered off to finish the tv show that he'd been watching on his laptop. Castiel sat for a few moments thinking over the conversation with Jack before the nagging question of what Dean and Charlie had been talking about set back in. With his lips pressed into a thin line he pulled Dean's laptop over to him and after closing out of the various adult popups; and being extremely glad that Sam had given Jack a laptop of his own to use, he wasn't sure he could explain all of what was on Dean's lap top to the young celestial; he started to look up what d-bag meant.
"Well hurry up then, I'll make sure the local Sheriff doesn't pull you over. You could say I have some pull with him."
"Alright, that's enough of the eye fuck fest you two." Charlie butted in loudly. "We have other people to meet. See you later Cas." She said as she began to steer Dean from the room.
The tension was starting to grow between the brothers and Dean cleared his throat before gently pulling away from Castiel and turning towards the house.
"For one he wasn't in the right frame of mind when he was returned, three years in total isolation lock down other than being sold to the highest payer for the night causes a lot of toll on the noodle. Plus well...custody is never given to them. You know only Alpha's or Beta's can get custody."
"Yes Gabriel, you do seem rather calm about this...other than your initial outburst of course." This time Castiel narrowed his eyes at Gabriel while he crossed his arms over his chest.
"I used to want to be you. I wanted to be strong, fearless. I did everything I could and yet I was always wrong. Nothing I ever did could please you, you hated me and I could never understand why. I was only a pup but you couldn't even stand the sight of me. I used to think it was because you missed mom and were too far lost to your mourning that you couldn't help it. That you didn't really hate me, that you just hated everything. Then I grew up and it crossed my mind that maybe it was because even at a young age I was a better parent than you. Sammy grew up strong, respectful, but didn't take any shit. I did that, not you. I taught Sammy how to be the kind of Alpha people think only exist in fairytales.  But now...now I know it's because I reminded you of what you were. An Omega, you couldn't out run what you were so you decided to take it out on me instead. Out of sight, out of mind. Right John?"
The light, teasing annoyance in Dean's voice made Castiel smile, a warmth blooming in his chest. It was doused moments later when he realized that this was supposed to be his trip with Samandriel and Dean. The young Alpha had been waiting so patiently for this, cautiously happy about having his own car. Instead Castiel was crouched behind an old hunk of junk while his pup was spending the time with his Omega father and uncle. The sudden sound of a different voice caught his ear and he snarled. Michael.
He groaned as he shoved Gabriel off of him, rolling his eyes as he stood. Dusting off his trench coat he motioned between Meg and Gabriel.
"It's ok Andy..it's ok. I have a couple rooms open here if you'd want to stay." She ran her hand up and down the Omega's spine in a soothing manner. "Ron's here too. I know you two get a long well. Might make you feel better."
It was Gadreel who spoke next, his voice calm. "At Moondoor we offer Heat and Rut Companions for those in our care and those that seek shelter in our facility during that time."
It was said softly and he was able to pinpoint the moment when Dean gave in, his eyes fluttering closed as he exhaled.
The look that passed over Crowley's face was comical and Castiel had to keep from laughing, even if no one was there to hear it or even care.  Still the Englishman must have believed Jimmy, offering him his hand.
Dean looked down at the card before snorting and tossing it into the trash besides him. The look on Arthur's face was priceless and  Dean just soaked it up before he reached across the counter and grabbed the man by the lapels of his suit jacket and hauled him close. Once they were nose to nose he growled, his voice deep and dark.
A flash of heat traveled up Castiel's spine and he felt a growl tickle the back of his throat and he coughed to cover it up, he didn't need Dean thinking that he had to be wary of him in any way shape or form. He pushed away the tickling emotions, shoving them back down and reminding himself that he and Dean were friends, nothing more and that after the mating ceremony he would back home, alone with nothing more than his work to distract him. His nose scrunched up in annoyance and he gave himself a mental shake to clear his thoughts, hoping that his scent didn't betray his roiling emotions.
"Oh..I figured you wouldn't want to be left out of a loop since you threw such a fit over Dean bringing me into your fold."
"No. Everything I've heard, the hospital reports Sam showed me. I don't...I don't understand how he could.."
"With the crew? Or just us?" Dean's voice was breathy, his hands resting against Castiel's chest even as he ground back lightly against Jimmy.
"Things have been...stressed around here lately. Dean's been pulling away, wearing blockers when he's home and my entire house smells like anxious pups and stressed Alpha." He ran his hand through his hair, tugging lightly. "He won't talk to me, just lets me be in my office all day and he's picked up a few night shifts at the department."
"That's more his story to tell, but I honestly don't know. We've never really talked about it other than him saying he didn't want to ever get mated, and even then we were pretty drunk. I think it was the first time he came to visit me in college, we were celebrating something or the other."
"Tell 'im Jimmy." Dean huffed as he wiped at the coffee with a napkin to try and stop the spread of the stain.
He felt a hand settled between the base of his wings and warmth started to seep through, calming him enough that his wings folded back against his back. He took a minute and a couple deep breaths before focusing on his father again.
Touching the bruise around his eye Castiel sighed; while he'd always been patient and in control of his inner Alpha it seemed as if now it was just bubbling underneath the surface of his skin, itching to get free. With a snarl he pushed away from the sink in the bathroom and stalked around his room. From the nightstand near the bed his phone rang, Balthazar's picture flashing over the display. With a barely contained snarl he answered.
Jimmy's heart started to hammer against his sternum as Dean seemed to stiffen before melting into the position, his eyes flicking over Castiel's face as one hand moved up to rest on Castiel's chest, his fingers curling in the fabric of Castiel's shirt. For his part Castiel seemed to lean in scant millimeters more so  that if he wanted he could brush his lips over the young man's. Time appeared to stand still as the two men locked eyes, their breath's mingling and puffing warm against the other. Jimmy shifted slightly, his slacks starting to grow a bit tight as he watched the raw hunger in Castiel's face slowly become mirrored in Dean's. At one point the young man dropped his eyes as he raked his teeth over his bottom lip, the action pulling a soft groan from both Jimmy and Castiel simultaneously.
"What is it with this Winchester guy and knocking you Novak's out?" Meg commented as she dumped a cup of water over Jimmy's head.
Blinking Castiel watched as Dean ran his cheek against Sam's forehead then found Gabriel and repeated the motion before he moved over to him.  They locked eyes, staring for a few moments before Dean moved closer and nuzzled under his chin, dragging his cheek over Castiel's throat and scent gland before moving up to rub against his jaw.
What sounded suspiciously like a snicker came from Sam's direction but Castiel refused to take his eyes off his mate to make sure. The long suffering look there as his eyes flicked between the car and his pup was certainly something to behold and if he was sure that it wouldn't result in Dean turning his ire back on him, Castiel would have taken a picture for his
He waited just outside of the polished marble walls, his wings folded tightly against his back to keep from giving away his position. He felt oddly light, his body not weighed down by his gilded armor that he'd been wearing for what felt like a millennia as he guarded the border of Earth and Purgatory from Demon incursion. His face was clean shaven and his eyes shone with a mixture of childish glee and grace, making him seem much younger than his forty millennia would mark him.
The two men wandered out of the room speaking in low tones. Neck tense, Castiel focused back on the wall, refusing to even entertain the idea that Dean wasn't going to be in the auction. As depraved as it seemed, if Dean was there then Castiel could still save him. If he wasn't then that meant that Castiel had failed to protect his Omega. His Alpha howled at the thought and he must have made some sort of noise seeing as how Jimmy shifted closer and started pumping out soothing pheromones.
Dean tilted his head, his eyes squinted in extreme confusion at that point as he looked down at the box in his hand and then back at Castiel. He opened his mouth before shaking his head and after fishing a knife from his back pocket carefully cut through the tape.
"Och, I suppose you can call me that if it makes you feel better." She swept into the room, giving everyone a smile and ruffling Samandriel' s hair. "But you are an Omega John Winchester, no removal of your reproductive organs can remedy that. And even then you only got rid of the part of your biology that allowed you to be pregnant, you didn't go through a full sterilization." She tsked and looked towards the door where Adam stood quietly. "And to think, you've given your line two strong Omega sons and a strong Alpha son."
"It'll keep. Charlie is covering for me. My students like her better anyway. She's the cool teacher." Dean chuckled as he kissed and nibbled on Cas' scent gland lightly. "You're more important to me. Tell me Angel, what do you need?"
By the end of the week Jimmy was just as annoyed with Benny's presence as Castiel was. Only he was much, much worse at hiding it. Bobby had actually resorted to sending him away from set during the times where he wasn't being used and went so far as to have his stand in take his place during a scene where his back was to the camera as Castiel's character gave a monologue. He frowned as he watched from afar as Benny seemed to hover around Dean, a smile on his face and his hand resting either on the blonde's shoulder or his lower back.
"What can I say, being here just for the short time reminded me that not everything was bad. Plus I wanted to show Meg Moondoor, we're making changes to our clinic and I figured she would appreciate the facility."
The new voice shattered the soft after glow that had wrapped around them and Castiel snarled as he flattened himself over Dean in a protective stance. From her place at the side of the bed, Rowena arched one elegant eyebrow at his display.
"No Cas, I mean..." Dean sighed before he turned to look at him. "After this Cas. What are we doing? We obviously can't apart. You'll pine and I'll think I'm being rejected." His heart started to alternately pound and skip beats as he waited for Dean to speak again. "I can't ask you to leave your practice and move here and I can't just up and leave Moondoor."
The longer he watched Sam stew in his thoughts and lash out at those around him, the more he felt that maybe it was a good idea. Dean being Dean couldn't have too many Angel's looking after him after all.
Without any additional words Crowley made short work of getting the needed measurements, humming as he jotted them down on a small notepad that he kept in his shirt pocket. Once he was done he waved Castiel over to a seat.
Silence reigned between them again but only for a few moments, Castiel's voice quiet when he started speaking again.
Without any further word play Dean slid in behind the wheel, winking at Castiel as he turned the engine over; the purring loud in the nearly empty parking lot. Biting back a groan Castiel moved around to the other side and slid into the passenger seat, buckling the seat belt and settling down into well cared for leather seat. The ride over was quiet except for the soft strains of classic rock filtering through the car. A couple of times Castiel had the feeling he was being stared at but when he'd risk a glance in Dean's direction the other man's eyes were glued to the road.
"Umh, we'll be right there. Thank you Dean." Jimmy said, his eyes touching briefly on Dean's face before darting away again.
"Shut up." Sam grit through clenched teeth and Castiel could tell that the taller Alpha wanted to keep squeezing until he crushed John's windpipe.
He rolled his eyes fondly before pressing quick kisses to their lips and patting their hips. "Up and shower you two, and no playing in the shower. We can't be late. Unless you want to explain to Singer why we are."
A soft smile curled Dean's lips and he moved over to pepper Jimmy's face with light kisses before turning and doing the same to him. He gently tugged on Castiel's bottom lip, pulling a gentle growl from him.
"I..sort have...might have...absolutely tried to choke my brother out over his desk after I left here with Claire earlier." His cheeks heated in slight embarrassment but he didn't regret it.
"Yeah, Dean was telling me some of it."  Adam replied as he shook Sam's hand. "What I don't understand is if Dean and I are Omega, how did you turn out Alpha. Most secondary designation tend to be the same through out familial lines. I mean not always, obviously, but mostly..."
"Or not." He felt his side tapped twice and he grumbled, bucking up from the ground. "Alright, get offa me."
Castiel's eyes flicked between Gabriel and Sam, his gaze landing on Sam's furrowed brow. He shifted from foot to foot, his gaze then finding a permanent spot on the floor.
"Yeah..well.." He felt his cheeks heat up and he looked away sheepishly. "Keep an eye out for Jimmy please, he's impetuous and doesn't always think with his brain."
Castiel nodded and opened the door to call out to one of the nurses to bring him a gown. He was rather surprised that when the man was placed in recovery that he hadn't been changed out, but a quick look at the fit of the jeans the man had on gave Castiel an idea why it was left until the man was lucid again.  Gown in hand he turned to find the man already fighting with the button and zipper of the pants, a scowl on his face. He was about to offer some assistance when the button popped free and the zipper came down, revealing a sliver of bright pink.
"The only places Dean goes are to work, here, his home, and the nest we have at our place for when he needs it. That leaves the entirety of this town for him to hide in." Sam stated as he ran his hand over his hair.
Dean waved his hand dismissively. "Please..and waste a perfectly good chance to stroke our company's ego?"
"Dean's a Pure Line Omega. One of the last few in America apparently. His line is a Warrior Pure Line." Jimmy stated, his posture an identical copy of Castiel's, right down to the crossed arms.
"I hate this Cas!" Dean snarled, his eyes flashing enraged gold for a moment before returning to their normal green.
With a nod Castiel himself headed towards recovery, picking up the chart from the nurses station and then towards the man room. He skimmed the file, taking in the important information. His name was Dean Winchester, he was mid-thirties and had quite the list of previous injuries though non seemed to be as serious as the one that night. Shaking his head he ducked into the room and noticed that the man was beginning to stir on the bed; he wasn't waking completely but Castiel could tell from the twitching of the fingers and the shifting on the bed that it wouldn't be long. With a look at his watch he realized that he must have spent more time between cleaning up and speaking with those that had come in with Mr. Winchester than he'd thought.
"And lunch time isn't long enough for fun for all three of us. So I let you and Jimmy get your release and I'll wait til later tonight when I have all the time in the world to take you apart."
"Castiel Novak. Do you really think I'm not able to control myself? That I don't know what I want?" Dean huffed before looking at him through his lowered lashes. "If I couldn't I would have mounted Jimmy, he was in my Heat room and he does smell all sorts of nice..and I'm sure he wouldn't need me to ask him more than once.."
Tonight was one such night and Castiel felt a rush of protective Alpha run through him as he watched his two pregnant pack mates and his pregnant mate doze off one by one all curled together under a thick blanket.
"Pure lines Castiel. The old ways aren't so old to us pure lines. Sam making a move to attack you has thrust Dean back into the leadership mentality where he has to defend.." Henry huffed before choosing another way to explain. "You're Dean's mate, Sam is...well due to their history...he's Dean's pup. Dean has to protect you both from each other. Now they're struggling to determine who the real leader of their small pack is."
"You're right, we don't know but even if he's not, there are other Omega's that we can help." Castiel stated, his voice low.
“That’s kind of you say, but no. Go have fun Cas. I’ll stay out at least until midnight. If you need more time just text me, I’ll see if Charlie or Garth want an over night guest.”
Words left Castiel at that moment and all the anger he'd held towards the man melted out of him and he shook his head. He put space between them by taking a few steps back, his eyes everywhere but on his father as he tried to compose not only himself but whatever words were left in his mind.
"Hey there Cas, welcome back. Didn't think you'd be back so soon. Specially since Gabe said you'd probably never come back." Ash grinned from behind the counter.
"Thank you." Dean murmured softly as he mouth at the gland, the action sending heat curling through Castiel's body.
“It’s called ‘The Sandlot Challenge.’ The person runs, the dogs run after like the scene in the movie. It’s done in slow motion and then set to music.”
"Yeah." Meg's face pinkened slightly and she coughed to clear her throat before going on. "You can say that."
"I can see that. It reminds me of my own practice back home. Though I only cater mainly to Omegas. Though maybe I can get some pointers from here to help extend to more Beta's and Alpha's as well."
He threw open the window in a bid to get some sort of air flow through the house though in the back of his mind he knew it was dangerous. An Omega in heat leaving open windows was practically an invitation for trouble. The only saving grace was the bite mark that sat just above his collar bone, marking him as mated. Panting he stripped out of his suit leaving pieces of it laying on the floor until he face planted into the cool cotton sheets on their bed where his mates calming Alpha scent wafted up with every move he made. Gritting his teeth he tried to fight down the whine that wanted to break free. Heats on their own were horrible but a surprise Heat was even worse.
After a short stretch Sam slipped on his running shoes and headed out for his morning run, his air pods tucked securely in his ears as he headed out. From Castiel's spot leaning against the counter, his cup cradled between his hands his eyes focused on the liquid held within as he tried to ignore the way Dean's scent wrapped around him, clung to him.
"You're my brother Gabriel, don't make me continue to live this punishment...I can't...he can't remember and I can't forget!"
Dean's fingers seem to tremble as he finally popped the button and eased the zipper down on his jeans. The first thing Castiel noticed was that Dean was wearing regular boxers, something he rarely did unless it was laundry day and he had nothing else clean. Then the boxers were pushed down along with the jeans; though they caught on Dean's thighs and didn't go any further. Castiel opened his mouth to ask what the point was but shut it again when he seen the wink of a barbell through the tip of Dean's cock with the other ball just visible under the glans.
She shot him a a smirk over her shoulder and he in turn gave her scowl but said nothing as they finally passed through the double doors of the library. Meg pulled him immediately  down the aisle closest to the library desk and quietly moved books in such a manner so that they had a good view of the area.
As if on cue another cry rang out and Castiel watched as Dean dropped to one knee; a new wound, this one over his chest; shining brightly in the dark. Growling Castiel surged forward but a tight grip on his shoulder kept him in place.
"I can see that puppy. Why don't you be a dear and call him?" When he didn't move she snapped her fingers in his direction. "Chop, chop, I don't have all night."
"Still locked up at last check and I have them sending me hourly updates. Him getting out is the last thing we need.."
"At least you have one you like." The smirk on Sam's face was playful and he laughed as he headed over to the counter, pulling out a paper order form and pushing it over to Gabriel. "Here's her request. Apparently the bust was a lot bigger than any one anticipated."
Castiel could tell from the lilt of Rowena's voice that she was teasing Dean and he reached out to touch the blonde's elbow lightly. The feel of Dean's hand covering his own brought a deep rumbling purr from his chest and he watched as Dean seemed to deflate a bit, his shoulders rolling back slightly.
"I wasn't happy out there either. I thought getting away from here would change everything but it make me realize just how much alike all places are and brought to light the real reason I left."
Of all the things he'd expected to find when he stepped into his home however, a tersely worded note left on the kitchen island saying that Dean had taken the pups on an over night camping trip wasn't one of them. Gingerly Castiel set down the pie and found a vase to put the flowers in. Disappointment settled in his chest and he spent the rest of the day cleaning the house and straightening his office. When he fell into bed that night he pulled Dean's pillow to his chest and fell into a fitful sleep.
"Because this morning was for you and Jimmy. My boys were already so worked up it would have been cruel to make you wait until tonight. Unless you think you would have been able to work all day if you had wait."
The sudden shattering of a light caught everyone's attention and as one they turned to see Cas scowling openly, his mouth open to speak but Dean jumped in first.
"Fine." He conceded though he ran his tongue over the mark he'd made; fully enjoying the way Dean shivered and the soft moan he received. "We'll see you after taping is done for the day..right?"
"And judging from the last part of your plan I take it we're driving somewhere. Or rather you're driving us somewhere."
He raised his eyebrow and held eye contact until Gabriel looked away first, his brother scuffing the boards on the porch with the toe of his shoe.
"My name's Castiel, I own the Apiary where you get the honey you used. I would like to invite you to come try some of our new flavors...if you want."
Gabriel laughed, shaking his head. "Stop pouting, I wouldn't say he's unaffected so much as he's just that much better at hiding what he's feeling."
"So this is Johnny boy?" Rowena's smile shifted to a snarl for a moment before it turned to a more neutral expression.
It was mean playfully but Castiel could hear the underlying thread of truth in Dean's words. He nuzzled the soft skin just under Dean's ear, rumbling quietly in hopes to soothe the worry.  They stood like that for long moments before Castiel pulled away, pressing a chaste but lingering kiss to his mate's lips. A not so subtle cough from the doorway brought dual soft smiles to their faces as they broke apart.
Then everyone left, first his father to hunt on his own because; in his own words; Dean was a liability and Sam to college because he deserved a life and there wasn't one in what they did. So he hunted and made a name for himself in the community. Still the empty feeling persisted, the dull ache now throbbing as he tried to fill the void. Around him the already muted colors dulled as if a gray mist had descended over everything.
The door to the bakery opened and in strolled Gabriel and Meg, arm in arm with identical suspicious grins on their faces.
Jimmy chewed his lip as he pushed himself away from the door. "I just want to know how they found me. I took every precaution to cover my trail..."
Dean huffed and closed his eyes, willing away the face that appeared behind his eyelids. Contrary to popular belief he knew was suffering from Rejection Sickness, not pining sickness like Gadreel had suspected. It was just a scent bond, it should have already broken but he could still smell the warm summer breeze and pine where it mingled with his peach and honeysuckle.
"Anyone who believes that doesn't know you and their thoughts don't matter. You're brave, strong, caring, any Alpha worth their title would be honored to have you as their mate...I know I would."
Another growl rumbled against his breast bone and he scowled at his cup as if it had personally offended him; the dark viscous feeling returning at the thought of the other two Alphas spending Dean's heats with him even if he had no right to feel that way. Finishing off the first cup he picked up the pot, pouring a second as Sam wandered in, his sweats low on his hips and showing off a few rather impressive bruises that decorated his skin. He arched an eyebrow at his brother before grunting what was hopefully a positive good morning to the taller Winchester before taking his coffee and heading back to the couch he where he had crashed the night before.
"Why? We're not in public." He arched his eyebrow as he tilted his head to study the younger man across from him.
Jumping up Castiel hurriedly slipped his shoes on and all rushed out of the trailer. A quick glance at the clock in passing let him know that Jimmy's coverage should just be about completed and he felt his heart pound against his sternum. He stood at the edge of the set watching Jimmy work, a smile ghosting over his lips. It was one of his favorite things to do and for a few moments it took his mind off of what he wanted to share with the other man. At least it did until the end of the scene was called and Castiel seen Gabriel moving around behind Bobby. The moment Jimmy stepped away from the set, Castiel grabbed him by the wrist and pulled out of sight and behind a trailer.
Charlie's voice broke through his mental fog and he looked over at her, his brow furrowed. He tilted his head in confusion, his eyes narrowing of their own accord and morphing his look of confusion into annoyance though there no annoyance in his scent; not that she'd be able to tell since he'd put the blockers on before leaving the hotel.
The fury that had been tightly caged in his chest burst and he reached over the desk to grab his brother by the collar of his shirt, practically dragging him over the oak top. Fear flashed in his brother's eyes and Castiel felt a smug curl of satisfaction bloom.
"We had no idea the other even existed. We just figured we were part of that statistic where there are 7 people on earth that look exactly like you. All we knew for certain was that we smelled like home to each other."
The words were cold and meaningless but in a bid to rid Jimmy and himself of their brothers he gave a polite head nod. Still holding himself stiffly Jimmy walked Michael and Lucifer to the door, exchanging tight closing pleasantries before practically shoving the two Alpha's out of the door and locked it behind them.
The enormity of the situation finally sunk in and John looked from Dean to Sam, fear flickering across his face.
"Alright, alright, alright...enough of this." Meg huffed as she interrupted him, her cheeks now a light pink.
"I know Alpha, me too. Sammy and Gabriel..I didn't want to be around anyone. I didn't even wash my sheets until I couldn't smell you any more on them."
"Alright Ladies, can't you see the poor boy is embarrassed. I'm sorry, I'm Ellen and we're going to set you two up in the kitchen three down on the right. Has the bright blue circle on it."
"You don't say." Castiel cleared his throat as filed the information away to look at later. "So Moondoor..how in the world did that place appear?"
Of course nothing ever went smoothly and if the audio wasn't constantly causing issues then the video was or the cameras themselves. After a few hours of struggling to film Bobby called it quits saying that they'd just start over the next day and leaving all the equipment in IT's hands to resolve before they started to film.  The bone deep weariness seemed to disappear the closer they got to the trailer until it seemed as if both Jimmy and Castiel were going to vibrate out of their bodies in excitement for what was going to come later.
It was September once again when they met, the dark haired punk covered in tattoos and the brunette nerd with glasses who were paired as dorm mates their first year of college, both looking to break away from their over bearing families.
He swallowed thickly as Dean looked up at him, a smile on his lips. Time seemed to stand still as their gazes caught and held; it was only the sound of a horn blaring outside that broke the connection. Looking down Castiel cleared his throat, shoving his hands into the pockets of his jeans.
“Cher you cut me to the quick. I can work in craft services, I worked in a diner during my college years to pay for books and food. And you know Ash is a genius with lighting and other stuff like that.”
"Quite the contrary. I'm enjoying this immensely Omega. I think the question is do you like it? You like having your Alpha stretched out under you? Having him at your mercy?"  His voice dropped to a low rumble and he watched as Dean's eyes slid shut with a whine.
Dean shot Sam a dirty look but the younger man was right. At 20 he was the youngest one at the fire station and the Chief worked hard to make sure that Dean stayed out of danger as much as he could, so as a result Dean frequently found himself as the resident cook for the station.
"Anyway before I seen you pull up out there I was just heading over to Deano's. Word from the department is that he didn't how up today and after a call to Charlie he's not at Moondoor. He also didn't show at dinner last night, which we both know Dean doesn't skip meals."
"I mean seriously Cassandra, you're hiding in a replica of the Men of Letters Kitchen in your own mind. I'd have thought that you'd be back in Heaven, in the endless Tuesday afternoon that you liked to visit when you needed to ground yourself."
The look shared between Castiel and Jimmy this time also included a warm flush creeping up their necks to stain their ears, neither really wanting to speak on the matter but Castiel speaking up first.
Was that a suggestive tone? It sounded like one. Eyes narrowed Castiel straightened up and after forcing what he hoped was a passable smile moved away from his hiding spot, calling out to the small group.
There was another spear of hurt that zipped through him at the gift of the vehicle and he found himself getting upset with himself over his brother's relationship with the elder Winchester. Again it was something he would have to examine later and he pushed the feeling back down. He waited for Gabriel to speak but when the other man just blushed and mumbled under his breath he let it go, apparently his brother either hadn’t returned the gesture or it was too intimate of one and Castiel wasn’t sure which thought he liked least.
The lecherous grin that flashed over Dean's face had Castiel rolling his eyes and he nudged Dean lightly before holding out a bite of meat. They passed the next few minutes quietly, Castiel taking one bite after every three that Dean took. Soon the plate was empty and Castiel set it aside before turning and holding his arms open for Dean.  With no other prompting the Omega climbed into his lap and turned his face against Castiel's scent gland.
"I know, but that doesn't stop the fear that they're out there, that someone freed them. My father--while an ass and so very deserving of his sentence--is a Saint compared to Alistair. The fact that I; though unknowingly; was a part of the reason he was put away just means that he's going to be out for blood." Dean's voice was a soft murmur that if Castiel hadn't been directly in front of him he wouldn't have heard it.
There was something about his room mate that he couldn’t pin down. The boy with the bright green eyes always hidden by black square glasses and a text book. He wasn’t overly loud, in fact he could count on one hand just how many times he’d heard him laugh. Still there was something about Dean Winchester that grabbed his attention and refused to let it go. Right then the boy in question was sitting at his desk going over what looked like a term paper of some sort, the capped end of his pen tapping against his lower lip as he stared out of their tiny dorm window lost in thought. And it was driving him to distraction.
As engrossed as he was in trying to find some sign of the other man it came as a surprise when he was shoved bodily against the front door, an arm across his shoulders holding him still. The sound of Dean's growl against his ear and his scent so fully wrapped around him now made Castiel shiver slightly.
"Interesting." Castiel filed the information away before shaking his head. "But no. Turns out I have seen him somewhere else."
"Well, think boys. Where would this wayward Omega go where no one would find him?" Meg asked, her arms crossed over her chest as she glanced around at the group. "I don't know him well enough to have any information."
"You two alright?" Dean tilted his head slightly as he looked them both. "You both seem flushed. You don't have fevers do you?"  Dean's face took on a concerned expression and his hand hovered over the call button on his headset.
"For everyone's safety. He lashed out, murdered both human and Angel alike before he regained control. He wanted revenge and didn't care how he got it. He lived up to his name, Death was swift but brutal and blood ran in rivers at his feet."
It felt as if ice water were flowing through his veins as he sat staring at Gadreel, his hear simultaneously racing and shuddering to a stop with every other breath.
Gabriel huffed as he rolled his eyes, leaning his hip against Castiel's table and draping his towel over his shoulder before crossing his arms over his chest.
"Although I honestly prefer the very first instance in where your buried fatal flaw first began to show."
He kissed Jimmy and after helping Castiel put away their purchases he went and changed his clothes. As he linked his arm in Jimmy's he told Castiel that when they got back they were going out to dinner, he'd made reservations at their favorite steak house and with one last kiss to Castiel's cheek he and Jimmy left. Like him, Jimmy shared a love of classic cars and there was a car show in town currently so they spent their time admiring the older cars, taking lots of pictures and taking turns guessing what each one was worth before looking up the actual price.
"Sebastian and....Castiel..." Crowley's accented tone wrapped itself around Castiel and snarled despite himself. "Color me surprised to see you here Castiel, the last time we met was for Moose's mating.."
“Alright, we’ve interrupted your class enough. I apologize for Dean’s intrusion.” Benny stated as he clapped Dean on the shoulder. “We’ll be getting out of your hair now.”
Everyone was quiet, all eyes trained on the two Omegas staring at one another. It even appeared as if the world was holding it's breath, the sounds of the neighborhood silenced outside of anything but Dean's ragged breathing. Castiel had to fight to keep himself still though he wanted to wrap himself around his mate and soothe the raw ache he could feel through their bond.
In less time than he'd thought Crowley returned with two different suits hanging from his hand. Both were black but one seemed a bit lighter in color than the other and didn't have the shiny lapels like Dean's had had. The other was a near perfect replica of Deans, right down to the charcoal tie. That was the suit that Crowley held out first and motioned to the changing room to his left.
Mouth gaping he looked from Meg back to the door and blushed to the roots of his hair as she cackled and walked away. As he glanced back into the room he had to admit she wasn't wrong.
Car situation now settled the group of them made their way back towards the front of the salvage yard, Sam and Samandriel talking about what college courses were being offered this year in the high school as Michael chimed in from his place a couple spaces behind them while Dean and Castiel brought up the rear. Gently Castiel reached out and took Dean's hand, holding it loosely enough that if the other man wanted to pull away it would be easy but tight enough to lace their fingers together as they walked.
. As he passed the gazebo he spared the structure a glance, pleased to see it was empty though he was certain that Dean wouldn't see it as a safe place to nest.
Dean laughed as Castiel's face turned red at the implications and he winked as the man turned to join his brother, running into one of the bake stations when he looked back at Dean and Adam. They may not have taken first place that day but with all things considered the itself was a win.
Meeting Charlie was an experience all in and of itself and for the first few minutes Castiel wasn't sure he'd ever get a word in edgewise with her. Her enthusiasm was only matched by her apparent computer knowledge which had all his information displayed for him in less than five minutes.
Jimmy nodded, an answering smile on his face as he held his hand out to Dean to shake it. "Thank you, we'll keep that in mind. We wouldn't want to add too much extra to your plate, we know they keep you busy."
"Uh..right. We're keeping it under wraps for right now." Castiel cleared his throat, pushing that little bit of information to the back of his mind to ask Dean about later when they were alone. "Now answer my question and more than just I was the younger twin."
His jaw clenched and he was thankful that Meg advised him to put on the scent blockers, the last thing he needed to was to challenge Charlie in her office. He took a few deep breaths, holding them for a couple seconds before exhaling.
"You can find me during normal library hours, or if you find me later I'll give you my number and you can call me after hours."
"Oh? And do you really think this is a pure line Omega? They've all practically gone extinct, the only lines still documented are located in England."
"Yes we came to visit....Dean.... to encourage him to come back home. He's got duties to attend to."
The words were tossed out playfully but Castiel could see the red tinting Dean's cheeks. With a growl he pushed himself out of his seat and crowded Dean against the door; nipping the bolt of Dean's jaw lightly before shifting his attention to the younger mans throat. Smirk firmly in place he worked on leaving a dark mark behind, his teeth worrying the skin as he pulled as much blood to the surface as he could. Dean tipped his head back to give him more room, his hands clenched in Castiel's shirt.
"So?! You're older than him." Dean snapped before turning a glare of his own onto his younger brother when the Alpha snorted. "
Once the pain had subsided the anger set in and Castiel paced around the empty room, his eyes taking in every part of it. Many times he tried to scent the area to pick up any hint of who had been there but all he could get were the rapidly diminishing notes of Dean's scent. There was nothing else lingering in the man's home and it was infuriating, it either meant that the person who had gotten into the house either was a Beta or was on heavy duty blockers. Either way it was infuriating and it just burrowed further under Castiel's skin. The sound of doors slamming brought him out of his thoughts and he moved over to the front door, every nerve in his body on high alert.
The explosive silence felt heavy and Castiel waited for Dean to react, to lash out verbally. What he didn't expect was for Dean to nod in tentative agreement.
"How do you know that? Gabriel is...what did you call it...a halfling? She might be an Omega." Dean interrupted, his brow furrowed. "No one can tell what the secondary gender is until they manifest." His eyes narrowed as he stared at her. "You didn't force them to manifest did you?"
The comment was meant to come off lightly, and it would have if he’d not been staring at Dean as the other boy continued to gather up his things. There was something off, a different light behind the green eyes that he found himself staring into more and more without realizing it.  There was an overwhelming sense of de-ja-vu when their gazes would find one another and hold but Dean insisted that they didn’t know one another and had never run across one another before they met the day they were assigned a dorm. Still as he stood there watching Dean pack away his things he couldn't help but think that maybe he imagined the slight twinge of jealousy he'd heard.
His father turned, rolling his one shoulder nonchalantly as he looked out over the salvage yard as if the whole conversation was boring him.
"I'm not an Omega." John tried to reply but it was Jimmy that brought it to an end that time, his fingers flexing and shoving John's head up until it was flush against the wall behind him.
"Maybe once we're wrapped for the day. We wanted to over this scene." Jimmy started as he raised the script up.
It was years later when his eyes slowly opened to take in the world around him, colors muted and memories of who, what he once was locked away. And he grew up; Dean Winchester, son of John Winchester and one of the children with Angelic destiny. In the back of his mind he knew something was missing, he could feel a void in his soul that no matter what he did he couldn't fill it. No matter how many people he surrounded himself with he felt alone and there was nothing he could do to change it.  But he pushed it down, buried the feeling so deep down that soon he was accused of being as unfeeling as a marble statue and he liked it that way.
Hello my lovely readers. Just a heads up I am still working on Whisper Games, it's just that this story has taken over my immediate concentration. I also have a Russian!Punk!Cas and Cheerleader!SecretNerd!Dean story in the works as well as a SlytherCas and HuffleDean story brewing. So stay tuned! Much love to you all!
"Good...good." Castiel looked like he wanted to say more but Gabriel called his name; waving like a mad man to get his attention. With an annoyed sigh he looked back at Dean. "I hope to hear from you."
He felt Dean snort against his throat but knew it was a forced. "Me? Nervous? You're imagining things Alpha. I'm just meeting a long lost brother...who has no idea that Sam and I existed and will probably hate us the moment he meets us because we left him alone with only his mother to care for him. Yeah, there's nothing to worry about.."
Two flashes of tan came hurtling towards them, one from the right and one from the left; leaping onto the man on the ground which neither Charlie or Castiel had noticed had already been pinned to the concrete but was thrashing wildly and cursing loudly. There was scuffling for a few moments before the trio stood up, the two that had come in from the sides moving back and allowing Charlie and Castiel a good view of the third.
He gave the taller man a smile before shaking his head slightly. "Clarence is a nickname from Meg." The smile fell off his lips as he motioned for Gadreel to take a seat. "What brings you to Virginia Gadreel?"
They pulled up in front of Adam's but didn't need to even to get out of the car, the younger boy bounded the stairs and climbed early into the back seat, smiling as he clicked his seatbelt on.  Once he was settled Dean waved at Kate and pulled out into traffic.
"Yeah Dean and you know Dad will probably come for me anyway." Sam snorted as he moved around to stand behind his mate. "I'm the disgraceful Alpha whelp that put him away."
Synchronized Jimmy and Castiel turned towards each other as their words escaped them in tandem, their voices low.
"He's Dean." Jack piped up, a serene smile on his face. "Sort of. He's really Raguel's new form." He looked around to see looks of bewilderedness on everyone's face save for Cas and Dean who the latter was still snarling at his father. With a huff he explained. Raguel is the Angel of Justice, Fairness, Harmony, Vengeance, and Redemption. Well, he's an Archangel not a regular Angel. And now he's...Dean."
"Like your thoughts are so pure there Clarence. You're practically drooling all over the shelf." She snorted a she looked through the books at him at again.
Much longer than it should have it dawned on Castiel that Dean started another chase and he shoved himself up, tripping the first couple strides before he settled comfortably into a run. The scent of peaches led Castiel around the house again before heading into the building and up the stairs. While Dean's scent permeated the entire dwelling it was easy to tell the new scent trail from the old and Castiel pounded up the stairs, pausing at the top to scent before following his nose to the right.
Once again the man's eyes roamed over Dean from head to toe and Castiel found himself having to restrain himself from growling at him. Moving up and put himself between Dean and the shorter man, waving his hand dismissively.
In the back of his mind a voice whispered that Sam looked more like the blurred man on his brother’s social media but he swatted it down as he recalled the intimate scenting he’d watched earlier. Something he still wasn’t sure he had actually seen, Dean had never been one for displays of affection like that, but then again nine years had passed and he wasn’t sure what all changes time had wrought on his friend.
"You thought..." Castiel's words trailed off as he stared open mouthed at Dean, unable to believe that the blonde was afraid that he wouldn't want another pup.
"Tux fitting. I need to get you and Cassie fitted and make sure you don't make me and Moose look bad Saturday." Gabriel smirked as he picked up his cup and sipped at it though he didn't move out of Dean's lap.
"Nice try. I'm not giving you any leverage against me. That would be like giving Gabriel leverage." He chuckled as he spun Dean around, pulling him back close hand once more pressed firmly against Dean's lower back.
"Dean wants to stay behind as bait." Sam snapped, his glared aimed at his brother enough to bring a weaker person to their knees.
"If only I didn't need your knot so bad right now. I'd ride you until I came but make you wait and then present for me. I'd used my slick to work you open until you're begging for me to fuck you Alpha. And only when you couldn't take anymore would I give you what you want Alpha..fill you full of your Omega's cum and then plug your hole to keep it all inside." He bit down hard on Dean's lower lip and tugged. "You'd like that wouldn't you Alpha?" Under him Dean whimpered loudly and his hips gave an abortive thrust as his eyes flooded red again. "Maybe later, right now I need your knot Alpha, need you to fill me up. Can you do that for me Alpha? I need words this time." He purred as he rolled his hips again as electricity sparked along his nerve endings.
A feral grin passed over Cas' lips and he barely got to sit upright before Dean started to thrust; his feet flat on the bed to give him leverage and the first one hard enough to nearly unseat him altogether. Taking it as a challenge he lifted himself almost all the way off before slamming back down, making them both moan loudly. From that point on there was no softness as they moved together as one; sweating shining on both their bodies and the room humid and saturated with their combined scents.
"When did you become the level headed one Cas?" Jimmy snorted softly as Castiel shoved at him with a soft growl, he knew that he'd pay for that later. "But you're right. This allows us to put our intentions on the table for him. It's sort of like the old days when many men called on a woman to court her." Jimmy commented before he raked his teeth over his bottom lip lost in thought, the idea did have it merits. "One rule Cas."
"I hope you know what you're doing Cassie." He muttered as he finished the bottle and set it down on the counter next to him.
Charlie shook her head before she rested it on her fist. "Nope. Kid's all Alpha, a sweetheart too. His parents just suck. There's literally no reason for it, not that being Alpha, Omega, or Beta is a reason for treating someone differently; it's just like they can't be bothered with him and when they do remember he exists it's an all out screaming match. I can't count on both hands and feet how many times the Sheriff's department has been called out for domestic disputes. Thankfully though he turns eighteen in a little under a year and can be free of it all. Dean and I have already made plans for Ben to join us at Moondoor if he wants and can stay until he heads off to college if he wants or can stay on and work with us."
“What for?” Samandriel asked as he wiped his hands on an old shop rag that he had hanging from his back pocket.
The visit to Moondoor brought two things to light, 1) Charlie's new was not of the good type; the car from the videos belonged to a neighbor, and 2) Meg appeared to be sweet on Charlie.  As sweet as Meg could be anyway, which meant only slightly snarky come backs. He wasn't able to tell from his seat on the other side of the room how the two interacted and while he wanted to be happy, the pit of "missing Mate" was slowly growing larger. He had given up trying to dispel the thought of Dean as his Mate, but after the feeling/thought played on repeat he just gave up trying to stop it.
The fact was driven home even further when a large bearded man who dressed like a 1920’s newsie and spoke with a Cajun accent came to set looking Dean. Benny LaFitte was even bigger in person than he seemed on screen. That however didn’t stop Castiel from growling low in his throat at the way he touched Dean so casually. Both Castiel and Jimmy were sitting near set, their gazes locked on Dean and the large man where they stood off to the side laughing, their scowls nearly identical as their eyes followed every move the pair made.
"The Impala was there last night and all the lights were off. Sam figured it best to not bother him him in case he wasn't feeling well."
Gently Castiel cupped Dean's face, his eyes touching on every plane of the face in front of him as if he were looking at the other Angel for the first time. Slowly, as if to give Dean time to move away, he leaned in, bumping his nose against Dean's before slotting their lips together. The first touch of their lips sent fire racing through his blood and Castiel gasped as fragments of Dean's memories flashed through his mind. Memories of his time in Hell, at the pieces of his grace that were cut away and the feathers that were plucked ruthlessly. Tears wet his face as he squeezed his eyes tighter together. Finally he pulled back though they didn't need breath; panting as he rested his forehead against the brunettes.
After a few more moments and the increase of Dean's physicality with Gabriel, Castiel cleared his throat to call attention to himself. Both men turned their heads, Gabriel's expression of relief while Dean's was thunder cloud angry.
Castiel huffed a soft laugh at the baleful glare and middle finger that Meg shot him before she set her drink aside and carefully climbed into the nest. There came the muffled sound of sleep slowed shuffling and soon Meg was surrounded on all sides by peacefully sleeping, pregnant Omegas. She purred softly as she settled in, shooting Castiel another glare as he laughed quietly.
"Uh huh." Dean murmured, his eyes dilating slightly. "What...what about you Cas? You're the only one that hasn't gotten off."
"Wow, Meg wasn't kidding about you being a space cadet." She gave a short head shake before speaking again. "Anyway, though the car was a bust lead, there has been a couple new faces in town. They popped up seemingly over night."
“Benny I’m a P.A. I’m doing my job, and Bobby keeps them from going too far, though everyone is quiet nice here. There’s not a lot of infighting like there was back at Webbs.”
"I..uh.." Dean bit down on his lower lip before speaking again his gaze still lingering on Castiel while the color on his skin stained a darker pink. "You look good Cas, that suit..very proper."
"Oh you'll like him Sammy. He's a Garrison Commander. He's very smart, careful. He doesn't put his Garrison in any unneeded danger."
He smiled softly as he placed a hand on her shoulder squeezing gently. Meg was never one to open up, she kept everything very close to the vest so for her to be so open with him about this was a surprised. A most welcomed surprise, but a surprise non the less.
Castiel laughed, pitching his voice lower and leaning in again to speak right into Dean's ear. "Yeah? I think he's going to be bothering you about what we're doing now."
Castiel ground his teeth as he looked down at his father, his eyes flickering red on and off. There were plenty of retorts that wanted to roll of his tongue and he knew that if Dean were still there the air would have been blue with curses. He looked towards the sky and pulled a deep breath in through his nose, holding it for a few moments before exhaling and dropping his eyes back down to his father's face.
Words and even breathing became beyond both their comprehensions as the young man besides Bobby finally looked up, a smile quirking his full lips and making his impossibly green eyes sparkle. They bumped shoulders, looking over at each other from the corners of their eyes.
Castiel ground his teeth in frustration, his eyes glued to Rowena as he tried to figure her out. He thought that he'd picked up Alpha scent when she breezed past but it hadn't lingered and he couldn't find any trace of it now.
They lapsed into silence, his chin hooked over Dean's shoulder as Dean idly traced his finger over the back of his hand. When Dean finally did break the silence his voice was soft.
"Mmm, not yet. You can hold on just a bit longer....can't you Dean?" He teased as he leaned in to nibble on the long line of Dean's exposed throat. "I know it's hard, Jimmy's been edging you all morning hasn't he? Keeping you just on the right side of torture..waiting for me.."
Jimmy's words were practically panted themselves as his hands roamed over the newly exposed skin while he nipped and sucked his way down Dean's throat to his collar bone.
"What the hell is going on?!"  Dean demanded as he strode into the room. "Adam and I were enjoying a nice chat and then suddenly it's like I was dropped into an Alpha fight ring."
"Ok, what hours are looking for to be covered?" Dean asked as he fought down the fluttering in his stomach.
Castiel nipped Jimmy’s ear playfully before going on with his story. “Anyway, you remember how we were talking about where on the top/bottom spectrum Dean might fall?”
Next to him Gabriel and Same stiffened, trading twin looks of barely controlled horror as a few laughs broke out around them. Dean turned slightly, his champagne flute held carefully in his hand and a smirk on his face.
The two men disappeared again into whatever room was hidden behind the door and Castiel felt his heart rate starting to slow back down to a manageable level. He set down the empty glass and picked up another one, the alcohol in that glass a bit sharper, biting as it went down. He settled back down into one of the chairs, pulling his phone out and scrolling through his messages as he waited.
A distant memory tickled the back of Castiel's mind and honestly he couldn't place it as a true memory or just something he heard from somewhere before. Still a thick fog seemed to have settled down over his brain the harder he tried to focus. His face scrunched up as he tried to pull more information from the murky depths.
They wrestled back and forth as if they were children again, both trying to pin the other's shoulders to the ground. Teeth were bared and hands slipped to grab places they normally wouldn't. In the end Dean was seated on Castiel's chest, the Alpha's hands pinned in the dirt over his head. The scent of arousal was thick in the air around them and Castiel bucked his hips slowly in a very weak attempt to unseat Dean from his perch.
"Alright! Enough. To your corners, both of you!" Castiel snarled, his nerves in no state to deal with their squabbling. "Balthazar, your face. What happened?"
"If only that was the case. But Sam was able to get Dean back and get him the land that Moondoor sits on. His "mate" was forced to turn over the property and a good chunk of cash as well." He scoffed as he took another turn, the roads winding now through the back country. "Besides it turns out that Alpha Winchester Sr. was in a lot of bad backwater deals and the judge ruled in favor of Alpha Winchester Jr. taking over custody."
It was as if the air had been sucked from the room in an instant, Castiel's chest felt tight and he glanced over at Charlie unsurprised to see her lips curled in a snarl. He swallowed away a growl as he let Meg's words bounce around in his mind. Omega Auctions were highly frowned upon with some states going so far as making them illegal. They still happened of course but only in underground clubs and talked about in hushed whispers behind closed doors.
Castiel watched as a skeletal man stepped onto the stage and he couldn't hold back the growl that clawed up his throat when he heard Crowley explain that that was Alastair, their host. The room went quiet and he was thankful that under the guise of straitening his tie that Balthazar zoomed his camera in on the man's face. He wanted to memorize every detail that he could for later.
With an exaggerated eyeroll Dean left the room, sneaking a grope as he passed. With a softly growled promise of later retribution Castiel followed.
Castiel flinched as if struck, his eyes flashing red before he threw himself at the taller Alpha with a deep growl. They grappled for a moment or two before they went down; the high emotions not doing anything but aiding in exasberating the issue. Castiel gained the upper hand quickly and aimed his punches for Sam's solar plexus and kidneys in order to take the wind out of Sam as best he could, he knew if he let up even for a moment that Sam would have him laid out. At one point both Michael and Jimmy tried to force them apart with no avail only for Adam to try and interject with the hopes that an Omega's influence would help. It didn't.
"Good, I need a good helper today. I'm making Apple Pies for the pie contest. Think you can help me with that?"
"Of course, of course." The man turned his attention to him and Dean with a bob of his head. "Follow me gentlemen, I need to take some measurements before I bring out the suits for you to try. In the mean time Gabriel if you want to take a look at some of our...erm...honeymoon attire feel free to wander around the store. We shan't be long I think. I have a good eyeball for sizing."
He could feel his release coiling tightly in the pit of his stomach and he opened his mouth to warn Dean that was almost out of time when the Alpha thrust up even harder than before. A garbled moan was forced out when he felt Dean's knot tie them together as the first flood of his release coated Cas' channel. The molten feel of Dean's cum pumping into him pushed Cas over the edge and he muffled his scream by biting down hard on Dean's mating bite hard enough to reopen the mark and fill his mouth with blood.
An older man was shoved out onto the stage, his eyes down cast and his shoulders hunched in on himself as he finally moved over to stand next to Alastair. A low growl rumbled out of Castiel's chest as he watched the Omega flinch when Alastair touched him.
"What...exactly did Charlie say I collected?" Dean asked as he started to shift through the packaging.
"Ah, the joys of Pure Line biology..or genetics...whatever. " Dean started as he dropped his booted feet up on the desk. "We were just going over that. So a Pure Line; Alpha or Omega; while fundamentally are the same as everyone else, are just a bit more...well feral. We're closer to our ancestors due to selective breeding than those around us. Omegas bred other Omegas to keep the lines pure and Alpha's bred Alpha's. However they never bred the same partner more than once. There was no monogamy between them. If there was a shortage of acceptable breeding partners then they looked outside of their packs. Sometimes indulging in Pure Line Alpha/Pure Line Omega breeding. Pups born carry the Pure Line parent line. In the case of the Alpha/Omega the pup stayed with the impregnated parent until they manifested. Then the Alpha's were sent to the Pure Line Alpha packs and the Omegas to the Pure Line Omega packs. This also means that we as male Omegas can not only carry pups but get other Omegas, female Betas, and female Alpha's pregnant."
"They're fighting for dominance." Henry explained, his hand never leaving Castiel's shoulder. "For so long Dean had been pack leader. Sam said that Dean practically raised him."
"Awful fancy up in here for some suits. Seems like we could have just went to the mall to get our gear."
"Cas...Cas..." Dean panted his name like a prayer and he pulled away only slightly to stare at the brunette. "Cas..we're gonna be late..."
"Everyone knows about John and how he left Dean and Sam to fend for themselves our senior year. It was all anyone could talk about."
The tone in Meg's question brought a tiny smile to Gadreel's lips and even Castiel had to admit the phrasing seemed strange.
Castiel pulled over to the shoulder of the road and killed the engine; turning to look at the young man. He reached out and took Samandriel's hands in his, holding them firmly.
"Did...did you..?" He couldn't even bring himself to finish the question, his heart stuttering between racing and stopping.
"He left them alone, it was the reason Dean stopped going to school. He started working at the dinner the next town over and at night he worked the Roadhouse." Jimmy's lip curled slightly. "CPS was called in but Dean had already turned 18 and had been taking care of the bills and making sure Sam was fed and clothed and went to school. Ms. Mills and Ms. Hanscum would take Dean his work to do and then allow him to take tests at their houses. Honestly Castiel with how infatuated you were with the boy I thought you knew this. Though I was glad to see you stop spending time with him, or you would have ended up just like him."
"Cas.." Dean stood then and moved jut a fraction closer and Castiel watched as Dean's eyes flicked quickly to his lips and then back up. "Um..thanks..you didn't have too, I don't want you to be at odds with your family..."
"Deny it all you want Kestrel but we both know its true, how you stopped yourself I'll never know, but it just got worse from there didn't it? You started noticing the glances that went on just a little too long, the touches that weren't normal for him but it made it that much more meaningful didn't it? Good Dad you even started comparing yourself to one of the Bards greatest works; after all whats more star-crossed than an angel warrior of the Lord falling for a human destined to bring about the apocalypse?"
"Ah, praise." Chiefs words were soft, as if they were mostly for his own benefit. "Alright, next I want you to lean against my leg and place your head against my thigh. Can you do that for me?"
"I don't understand....are we talking inbreeding? That can't be healthy for any pups..." He questioned as he watched Charlie start to pace.
Even after he reunited with Sam the dulled colors maintained and the lonely feeling grew but now a dull ache along his spine accompanied it.  Still he repressed it focusing instead on Sam and the mounting problems with demons. Then he died; his life given to bring Sam back, if either of them deserved life it was Sam. Then his dull colored world became reds and blacks and his ears rang with the screams of the damned. Days, weeks, months, years; maybe more who could tell, passed and the lonely empty grew from a small dark void to an aching chasm and the pain in his back burning like live embers were being pressed into the damaged skin.
"It's a part of my therapy honestly. Charlie and I do a lot of research on secondary designations, and it turns out that Omegas do require more...touch...than the other two secondary genders. Now that's not to say that Alpha's and Beta's don't need any at all, but Omega's are more..needy I guess you say. So I've started..indulging that particular need when it arises. Mostly when I've had a hard day or something bad has happened.  And Gad and Benny..well they're more than happy to indulge me when I need it, today was more..well you see they are rather...they don't really like each other. They're good men and even better Alpha's and they'll make someone a very good mate one day, but it won't be me."
He looked down at his watch, eyes narrowing again when he seen it was only slightly past noon. Idly he realized he spent more time searching the house for his family than he'd thought.
"C'mon Dean, up. Lets get you in bed. You and Jimmy can curl up and go back to sleep as I work out your legs."
They glared at each other a moment or two longer before he softened and leaned in to cup Dean's cheek, his thumb brushing over his mates' lower lip.
"I do, but this is so much different Dean. This isn't a movie, this is the three of us getting to know one another and having a bit of fun in the process."
Dean's words were snarled, his eyes snapping green flames. It shouldn't have but the look and feeling behind the expression sent a coil of warmth through Castiel's body and he rumbled deep in his chest as he stopped and used his grip on Dean's hand to pull the Omega into his arms and hold him close. Though he knew he wouldn't be able to smell anything of Dean's scent he ran his nose up along the column of his mates neck, giving a short nip before he caught the light scent of something that did not belong there. Growling he tightened his hold and nosed his way up to behind Dean's ear where the scent was strongest.
"Your hand..you.." Gabriel mimicked the move, but where Castiel had come up empty handed a shining blade slid into Gabriel's palm. "Were you trying to do this?"
"Dean..tell me what you want..." His voice was barely above a growl, his Alpha so close to the surface it wouldn't take much to give in to it, but he couldn't, he wouldn't.
"No! I was not the screw up! I cleaned up your screw ups!" Dean yelled as he slammed his hands down on the table, lightening accompanying the action. "Even before Mom died I was cleaning up your messes! I was a child! A damned child! I never should have had to reassure my mother that you still loved her. I never should have learned the monetary value of different sexual acts before I even hit high school!"
you know better. We're on a time crunch and I have Adam and Michael come tearing into the house yelling about the two of you out here fighting in the dirt like pups who just popped their first knot!"
There was a smirk playing on the Alpha's face as he leaned forward to pick up one of the glasses from the coffee table, taking a sip of the amber liquid within. Castiel's eyes narrowed as he watched Michael's eyes travel over his mate again.
While it was helpful to know what Dean might be it didn't really so much as help him figure out what he was going to dress up as. He considered asking Sam for more help but didn't want to interrupt him any more than he already had. So instead he text Claire and after a string of laughing emojis she offered him some solutions so that they could form a match set. Of all the options she gave him he had a couple favorites, and while he was certain he could talk Dean into dressing up in a Cowboy costume he wasn't sure he could find a properly representative Roman Solider costume. After some additional thought he settled down on the superhero route.
"Fine, fine! I didn't say anything to him, but Father laughed at him and called him delusional and that he wasn't worth your time even if you were one of those sick freaks."
Sunlight filtered through the curtains in his hotel room sneaking under his eyelids and causing him to growl sleepily. In his half awake state he realized that his arms were empty and he cracked an eye open to find Dean sitting at the edge of the bed staring into the dark. With a soft rumble he moved over and nuzzled Dean's hip a he looped an arm around Dean's waist.
Jimmy was pressed up against Dean's back, his hand slowly up and down the brunettes straining erection while he rutted between Dean's thighs. He watched hungrily as the swollen head of Jimmy's cock disappeared and reappeared slowly between the soft skin of Dean's thighs.
The way the words rolled off of Ash's tongue made it seem like common knowledge and Castiel had to concede that to them it was common, to him not so much. The words however did send a small tingle down Castiel's spine knowing that Dean was not getting mated to his brother and that Gabriel was not being unfaithful. However the scenting display from earlier was now even more confusing.
"He doesn't." Jimmy crossed his arms over his chest as he watched the two from across the lot. "Does he always have to be touching him?!"
"I know, I know. But I can't sit around doing nothing. I can't go to work, I can't take my pups to the park without an escort, my pack is looking to me for guidance and all I can do is stay home and wait for these cowards to attack!"
"You're here. No thanks to your brother." John started as he dropped down into one of the kitchen chairs.
Most nights Castiel would emerge long after dinner was over and cleaned up, a note left on the table pointing him towards the microwave where a covered plate waited on him. He would eat a few bites before putting the remains away then dragging himself to bed. He and Dean didn't believe in different sets of covers for mates, they enjoyed the touch of skin on skin too much. So the first time Castiel encountered the thin fabric barrier between them he'd been confused. However he'd been too tired that night to wake Dean and question him so instead he sank into a restless sleep.
"Well I hear there are some pretty good pie makers here. So we'll see. We'll do our best though and if we're lucky we can taste some of the others as well."
He turned his gaze towards his brother, watching Jimmy move nervously about.  He was about to  retort when his eyes landed on the grocer's delivery truck making it's way up the drive. Food. That was it, he needed food. He shook his head, wondering how he managed to over look something so vital. With as quickly as Dean had ducked them he  was certain that Dean hadn't taken any food with him.
This time Castiel didn't wait for a rebuttal, instead he continued his way to his car, ignoring the yelled threats and curses from behind him as he slipped in behind the wheel. He had a mate to get home to and to beg forgiveness from. As he pulled out of the salvage yard he made plans to stop on the way back home pick up a pie and some flowers. Even if Dean protested that he didn't do "chick-flick" moments, he knew his mate enjoyed receiving flowers and there was nothing that a good pie couldn't fix in some way, even the coldest of shoulders.
"So if that will be all, you're welcome to leave." Dean's voice slipped back into the bright customer service voice he'd developed. "Have a good day!"
"Cas...Alpha..." Dean took a deep breath, leaning up he threaded his fingers through Castiel's hair, tugging lightly as their gazes locked together. "I know you're worried..about...everything. We can talk after. Right now I need you."
He narrowed his eyes even as he grabbed the can from his suitcase and stepped out onto the balcony to spray them on. Once he was positive that he had hit every major part that could put off scent he stepped back inside and arched his eyebrow in a silent question.
"This is a late day. Normally I'm in at 5am and Cassie comes in at 7 to do the books and place any orders we may need."
"Dean, Omega Mine...I know you think you're doing nothing but you're keeping a level head and that's helping the rest of the pack stay calm. If you start freaking out they are too and that's not good for you, Amelia, Gabriel, or the pups."
"You smell fine Dean." He pressed small kisses to then bolt of Dean's jaw. "You're just nervous and that's expected. But it's going to be ok. I'm going to be there, and Henry, and Rowena. You're not going to go alone."
Dean's mind reeled with the information he was being given but he nodded; he supposed it made sense in it's own way.
Jody and Donna were dressed as ancient Goddesses, Claire a Valkyrie and Kaia in what looked like a monks robe, Sam and Eileen were dressed as Raggedy Anne and Andy, Garth and Bess were dressed as characters from a book that Sam stage whispered was Shades of Grey while Jack was dressed as a scarecrow and Charlie was dressed in her Queen of Moondoor finery. Off in the corner Gabriel was dressed as the movie Loki and Benny was dressed in his normal attire but allowed his fangs to be extended. Crowley lurked around the edges of the group dressed as a Priest and Rowena played up being a witch, going more traditional scary than what she normally did. There were more costumes that Cas didn't have much idea about but he was scanning the crowd for Dean and didn't pay them all that much attention. For a moment his shoulders dropped thinking that Dean had decided not to join in with the costume party after all.
He recalled being there when it all began, how everything was dark on moment and then in a great burst of light things were moving; changing even as he watched. The movements of each planets rotations and paths were written into his very grace and he could feel each and every vibration from them as they hung in their orbits. It soothed something deep inside and he settled down on one of Jupiter's moons, letting the vastness of space swallow him.  He watched comets track across the inky black backdrop of space, how the satellites kept to their own orbits despite the space debris' s multiple attempt to knock them out of their sanctioned paths.  He felt Jimmy stirring again and he let him wake, inviting him to share the view.
Dean whined high and loud as his fingers began to dig further into his arms. Over Dean's shoulder a smirk quirked Jimmy's lips and he leaned forward, capturing Jimmy's lips in a messy kiss; biting down on the the man's lower lip and tugging gently before letting go and treating Dean's to the same treatment.  Pulling away to admire his work Castiel groan at the sight of both Dean and Jimmy's kiss swollen lips and their lust glazed expressions. He could tell from their ragged breathing that they close and with another groan he wrapped his fingers around the base of his cock.
"Are we Cas?" Dean snorted, his scent curdling slightly as his voice went from quiet to snarling. "We're pretty far from o-fucking-k. I'm some fucking fairy tale Omega apparently and you're the matching Alpha, we've created a pack. A PACK. Packs don't exist anymore and yet we've created one! Gabriel and Sam are apparently Halflings?!?! Oh and one of our pups, or our packs pups are going to be taken away to some mystical school in Scotland to become the next Dumbledore or whatever!"
"It's funny y'know Cas, we spent so much time here back then with no idea that it was mine. We used to worry about being caught and getting into trouble and we'd explain that to our parents, turns out nothing would have happened." Dean fell silent against as the climbed the rickety stairs to lean against one of the supports. "I want to get this back up and running, maybe not as a vineyard but something else. I don't know...but I do know I want Sammy to have it. And Gabe. I know they have a place of their own, but it's small and really no room for pups to run and grow. This here would be perfect. They could build a house big enough for any and all pups they want, and they'd have all this room to run and play safely."
It sounded like random bits of words that twisted in on themselves. But the more he listened the more it became clear and soon he forgot that he wasn't listening to the tall man air his frustrations in English.
He could feel Dean struggling to keep his hands where he'd been told and his Omega keened at how well his Alpha obeyed. It was nearly enough to make him forget the scent of Meg on his mate. He could feel himself slipping further and further under, the fire in his blood now washing over him in crashing waves. As much as he wanted to continue to tease his mate as punishment he couldn't help himself and with a loud whine his head fell back in ecstasy at the feeling of his mate's cock stretching him almost to the ripping point.
Dean didn't respond but he moved around to the back wheel well and felt up against the inside before pulling out a key. Blinking Castiel opened his mouth to ask how he knew it was there, but then it hit him, this wasn't the same model car he had. It was his car. The little dents and dings suddenly felt more intimate and he watched as Dean popped the door and eased in, his nose wrinkling at the musty smell. He poked around for a few minutes before emerging and pushing something into Castiel's hands.
"Enough posturing!" Dean snapped. "Alright, Alfie, get Amelia and Gabriel and have them get the pups ready. Jimmy, Sam, cuff John and put him in one of the trucks. Make sure he can't talk either. Cas, you and Adam gather anything we may need. Michael, Rowena, and I are going to have a quick talk. When no one moved Dean clapped his hands. "Get a move on, now!"
Gently he pulled Dean's hand from the water and held it tenderly in his own as he looked at the reddened skin. While coffee could cause 3rd degree burns it didn't look as if the liquid had been in enough contact for it to do more than leave red behind with a slight sting.
Castiel's snarl was cut off by Rowena's phone ringing. She held up one well manicured finger to silence him as she answered.
"Don't worry about it Cas." Charlie cut in, a grin still on her lips as she looked over at Meg. "Well, don't keep us in suspense, what did you find out?"
Ash nodded as he drummed along with the song on the radio. "Sure did chief. Right after Sam had found him and won over custody in court of course."
They shared a look before Charlie spoke. "We met in therapy. Sam had brought Dean to California to work with my therapist. She is one of the foremost therapists for those of us in..our situations. We just sort of hit it off and once he got settled back here at home..well, I had nothing waiting on me back there. So I packed up my stuff and I came out here, opened a book/game store and then we put our heads together and opened this place."
"It's been about two years now? Maybe three. I'll have to ask Sammy or Charlie if they stop by the bakery today. Maybe even get you a tour of the place if you want."
With a scowl in place he dropped his bag into the trunk of his VW bug, making sure that he had his shovel packed this time. It would have been embarrassing to have to dig through the ground keepers storage shed like a common thief. Again.  He sighed as he pulled up the file on the dash tablet and listened to it as he pulled out of the parking garage. From the specs and what Sam had told him it did seem to be a straight forward case, a restless spirit causing mayhem in the local cemetery after a mausoleum had been broken into and vandalized.
"Just tell him that I'm back in town and want to get together. But if he's not free, feel free to give me a call yourself."
A couple times however Castiel's eyes wandered down to Dean's lips, watching as they wrapped around the tines of the fork as he savored his pie. A smear of cherry filling stained the corner of his lips red and Castiel had to forcibly keep himself from thumbing it away. Fighting himself to stay still, he shifted slightly on his chair, his eyes darting away from Dean's face only to move back after a few moments.
She had no idea how he managed to talk her into this. This was so far outside of her normal sort of activities that she felt as if she were lost in a forest at midnight.
Before he could even open his mouth Dean was wrapped around him nuzzling his scent gland and peppering Castiel's jaw with warm open mouthed kisses. Castiel's mind went off line as he pulled Dean close and rubbed his cheek against the top of Dean's head. The sound of a cleared throat however broke into their bubble and Castiel let out a sigh of annoyance as he looked down at Dean.
Grumbling to himself Castiel forced his eyes closed and took large, slow inhales through his nose figuring that if he slept the flight would seemingly pass much quicker.  After a few unease moments of concentrated breathing he felt himself drop into a restless slumber.
"Temper, temper Cassie. A good Alpha doesn't lose control." Michael sniffed as he wiped imaginary dust from his shoulder. "But then again a good Alpha doesn't ignore his mate either."
"Not so much. I gave it some thought, joining your pack, but I want...no I need to know more...about you, about our family."
Castiel felt his brow furrow as he looked over at the young man quickly before settling his gaze back on the road again.
Dean nodded and followed the shorter man inside, taking in his surroundings and trying to find himself a place out of the way so he wouldn't be under Gabriel's feet.
The longer Crowley spoke the more Castiel ground his teeth, his fingers clenched on the arms of his chair hard enough to cause his knuckles to go white. This was all so tedious. And where were Sam, Benny, and Ash? Why haven't they reported in? Had they found Dean? Why wasn't Charlie more tense? Those questions and more were roiling over and over causing Castiel to nearly miss the beginning of the main event of the evening.
"Hey Gad calm it down a bit. This is Castiel. He's Gabriel's brother, a friend of Sam and Dean. Didn't Gabriel call to say he'd be with me?"
"And you killed our father!" Dean spat back. "The only good thing you ever did for us was drop us off at Bobby's. He became more of a father than you ever were."
The day of his visit to his mother came during his couching and Castiel was certain that he’d use the pent up frustration to get through the meeting. His mother while not the worst mother out there was more stubborn than any Alpha Castiel had run across and had an uncanny way of turning everything around to make herself look like the victim.  Rubbing his hand over his face he gathered the papers he needed from the office and stuck his head into the garage where he seen Samandriel under the hood of his car while Lucas watched on. He watched them for a moment, a soft smile playing over his face as his pups interacted. After a few moments he cleared his throat to call attention to himself.
"Hey! I didn't do anything wrong! He attacked me." Gabriel protested from his spot near the trailer, one hand rubbing the sore spot on the back of his head.
"What?" Castiel spat as he kept his eyes on the two men, he didn't know them pass Dean's introduction but he knew they were dangerous.
"And that explains his reaction to the Rejection Sickness, he's reacting more like an Alpha would than an Omega would." Gadreel's eyes dropped. "I need you to come back with me, to see if we can turn the sickness around."
Both Alpha's choked on air and Dean chuckled beside him even as he slipped his hand into the back pocket of Castiel's jeans and gave a slight squeeze.
"No..his mother died in child birth and at the time, your foster mother was expecting. She was more than happy to take him in. She was..is...a great woman, motherly. I knew she would be a great mother to you."
He fought back a scowl, not wanting to give Meg the satisfaction nor admit that the closer he got back to Dean the more the knot in his chest started to loosen up. His Alpha rumbled beneath his breast bone wanting to call out to Dean, to who he considered his Omega. The drive back seemed to take longer, but Castiel made sure to point out little things of interest, including Moondoor, to Meg.
"No. You're not a vessel Dean, you are Raguel..or you were a long time ago. It seems as if he's been sleeping inside of you and this surge of just..Righteous Anger reminded him...err you of your purpose." Jack said as he shifted from foot to foot, his head tilted slightly to the side as he regarded Dean. "It makes sense though, Raguel has been absent from the Host for as long as I can pull from Chuck's memories; there's not even an image in Chuck's memory of what Raguel even looks like. I'm surprised however that Michael didn't sense him when he possessed you."
As they packed up for the day, he turned to Dean as he slid into the passenger seat; his head cocked to the side.
Sams's face fell before he scowled and Dean was reminded of Sam's age. At 16 he towered above Dean but he still held his rebellious, argumentative side that caused innumerable problems between Sam and their father. Thankfully with Dean being 20 and having enough money squirrelled away he was to take Sam and find them a rather comfortable and affordable apartment near their half brother.
There was a fond eye roll from Dean and Castiel watched seething as Michael's gaze remained on his mate until Dean disappeared into the house.
The smaller Omega attempted to straddle Dean's thighs, however their protruding pup bellies made the task that much more difficult until Gabriel gave up and moved around to the back of the chair, leaning down to wrap his arms around Dean who was staring off into space.
The voice was a thick, smooth Louisiana Cajun drawl and when Dean's vision finally cleared he looked up to see a burly man standing in front of him. He was wearing a newsboy hat, a thick wool peacoat with a white shirt and what looked like linen pants. All in all he looked like he stepped out of the 1920's.
"Tell you what?" Dean's already tense shoulders seemed to tense even more, his back still turned towards him.
"My Lord. Move." Meg's tone and scent were annoyed as she roughly elbowed him out of the the way. "What Castiel is not saying is that your brother has disappeared. Again. He's gone."
"Cas...Alpha...go. If it's a false alarm then no harm done, but if he's right then we need to get a move on." Dean's voice was soft as he leaned up to nuzzle against his throat.
"I use to wonder what I'd done wrong. Why my father didn't love me enough to come around. But now I see it was a blessing. Had you not left me with my mother--because that's who she is, she loved me, she raised me and taught me the value of family--I would have been just like Michael, like Lucifer. I honestly don't see how Jimmy made it out as reasonably balanced as he did. But I'm glad." He took another half step towards his father, hissing as he leaned in closer. "I pity you for when it is all said and done you will die alone in your bed with no one to mourn you. No family to cry or care that you're gone from this world."
Castiel's train of thought was interrupted by the sound of the key in the lock of their apartment and he quickly slipped a shirt on before moving over to recline on the couch. He and Dean both ended up at KU and after rooming separately their freshman year they rented an off campus apartment together and had settled into domestic life rather easily. They still had their fights, but they weren't what people would call blow outs; not like the one back in high school. They had learned early how communication was needed to avoid those situations.
"Good Boy Dean, you're doing well. I'm going to touch you, run my fingers through your hair is that ok?"
"I can see that your brother has done nothing with the training that I so thoughtfully provided. He let you run wild didn't he Dean?" Alastair hummed as he moved around Dean. "But I suppose when you have your own Omega you don't have time to look after the family screw up. Not to mention he probably didn't want you connected to his name. I mean your brother is a respectable Alpha and you...you're a sad little Omega that plays at being something better. I mean honestly, you've been here what...almost a week now and he's not even looked for you?"
No sooner had the thought crossed his mind that it happened and he watched as Jimmy's muscles tensed; the dark haired man muffling his groan of release in between Dean's shoulder blades. The dull sound of thick ropes of cum splattering against Dean's skin underscoring the soft keening that escaped from Dean as his own body trembled. Jimmy wasn't so far gone yet in his post orgasmic haze that he'd forgotten about Dean and it only took a couple firm strokes before the brunette cried out, his own climax covering Jimmy's hand and dripping down his wrist.
"Or maybe you'd want him sucking your dick while I fuck him open, leave him slack and pliant for you. Would like that better? Both us taking turns with him until the three of us are all too fucked out to move?"
"Well, we all grow up some time Sammy." He pointed out as he scrunched up his nose and crossed his arms over his chest.
"Does that mean you're bowing out then Balth?" Castiel inquired as he took measured breaths in order to control himself.
"Uh...um..I'm Castiel.." He stuttered out before blushing hotly. "I mean, glad to meet you too. Welcome to our school."
He turned on his heel and started back towards the building, his coat flapping behind him as he walked briskly. The kitchen was empty save for Ash and a petite blonde Omega whom seemed to be going over an invoice of some kind. Softly he cleared his throat to get their attention, nodding when Ash held up a finger.
A smile passed over Castiel's lips as Daphne nodded her head vigorously, her gaze never wavering from Gadreel's face.
"Cas..if I go to Moondoor I'll be putting everyone in danger. All the people that call the facility home or consider it a safe place will be in danger. I don't know what Alistair has planned but I can tell you it's not good. And I can guarantee that if Michael is right and my dad was a distraction then I know Alistair has one or more people watching this house. He's banking on fear making us run and if it's reported back to him that I left with the others then he'll strike Moondoor. I can't...I won't let that happen."
"Now the thing is, we don't know if this car is a valid neighbor of the area or not. But I am running a search of the tags and then cross referencing to the names on deed/leases in the area. It's a long shot but honestly it's one of the only ones that caught something this morning. The rest are turned in the opposite directions. I'm also working on trying to get the video's from the traffic cams. Maybe there's something else there as well."
Dean snorted as he turned his head to look out of the car window, his fingers twining gently with Castiel's.
"Clarence you need to get out more, do something, anything! You can't just keep up this cycle of work, home, work."
Samandriel shook his head, huffing a sigh before something caught his attention. Like a magnet the young man headed straight towards whatever he'd seen, the four adults following behind him and staunchly ignoring the strained air around them.  Well Sam wasn't, he was busy shooting Dean millions of silent questions before issuing what Castiel come to know as his bitch face. Idly he wondered what number it was this time, he'd ask Dean but it was obvious from the stiff way the Omega held himself that he wasn't going to be answering any questions right then.
"Why are you here John?" Castiel questioned suddenly, his eyes narrowed to mere slits. Something was wrong, he could feel it. "Why march straight into the house of the town Sheriff when you've just escaped...unless.."
"Oh man, that place is wicked awesome. Let me tell you, they have everything a rutting Alpha or heat soaked Omega could ever need. Not to mention impeccable health care and top notch head doctors." Ash nodded as he let out a soft huff. "It's hard to believe that it's been open  two years and that Dean and Charlie are the ones that put it all together."
"Fine, he made a good point, if he just hangs out all day people are going to get suspicious. But if he works here then he has a reason to be here all the time."
For a moment Castiel was worried that Dean would push back against him, that he'd snap at him again. Instead Dean leaned into him all of his fight seemingly leaving him as he scented Castiel's throat gently before mouthing at his mating bite. A shiver worked it's way through Castiel's body; he had missed this, the gentle touches from his mate and whined softly for more as he wrapped his arms around Dean, resting his head on top of Dean's as a purr rumbled vibrated behind his breast bone. Things were a long way from resolved, they had a lot more to work out between them and still even more things to figure out with the information Rowena had given them, but right then in that moment everything was ok.
Dean snorted before rolling his eyes. "Yeah well..." Dean trailed off before he snorted, his eyes down cast and his scent souring slightly. "Cas..I didn't mean to say what I said earlier...I wouldn't want him..yeah he smells ok, close to you but..but he's not you."
"Alright, so we have a situation, one we never thought we'd have to deal with again. And while one is a drunken, poor excuse for a person the other is intelligent, dangerous and enjoys torturing for fun. Now I don't know just how long they've been out, can't be too long but we don't know who freed them or why. Neither do we know what their plans are which makes this a hundred times more critical that we make plans and contingency plans in the case of an emergency. I personally would like to pack everyone up and ship them off somewhere safe. Even if John Winchester isn't out for blood, Alistair will be and he'll be looking for Henry and I.."
“Then head back to the trailer. You’re making everything tense and no one wants to come near us for fear of you taking their heads off.”
Castiel grinned as he set his empty bottle down on the coffee table. "Well you were never the most astute Gabriel. But it seems to have worked out for you. I can't remember seeing you this happy."
Castiel nodded before backing out of the door and heading into the kitchen where he could hear Dean humming along with whatever classic rock song was on the radio at the moment. On silent feet he crept up and wrapped his arms around his mate, nuzzling the junction where Dean’s shoulder and throat met. He rumbled deeply against the skin as Dean tilted his head slightly in order to give Castiel more room.
"Really?" Chief's face lit up, another smile; this one more genuine than before; curving his lips. "Well whoever sent you, sent you to the right person.  Are you new to all of this or have you dabbled in some before?"
"Yeah?" Dean's voice was breathy as he pressed against Castiel as much as he could, leaning in to purr into his ear. "Show me."
Normally Sam was there as a buffer between the two and kept Jack entertained either by answering the kids million and one questions about anything and everything that he could come up with or he was working on a make-shift homeschooling regimen he'd put together. However Sam had gone out for food and hadn't returned yet, leaving Dean and Jack to exist in the same space while staying out of the way of other.
"Hey, hey..no. Cas and I don't..we don't just invite anyone to join us.." Jimmy added as he shifted closer to Dean and nuzzled against the bolt of the brunette's jaw.
Lucifer seemed to be the spokesman of the two Alpha's and Castiel found the sound of his voice grating. "My only question now is who is your pack leader. Can't be dear, sweet James as any pack leader wouldn't allow their bitches to attack anther person."  Lucifer's eyes flicked over to him and Castiel straightened his back with a snarled scowl. "However you, Castiel, seem to have some control over him, so maybe you?"
"Are you done now?" Dean demanded as if he hadn't heard them. At their nods he spoke up, his voice full of authority. "Good, now everyone get their asses in the cars and get to Moondoor. Do I make myself clear?"
"I don't know, but I stopped questioning it. He's a good Angel, a good Commander. Michael's lucky to have him in his Army."
"Mmm. Grab a mug." Dean snorted before waving his hand towards the cupboard on his right as he pulled the pot off the machine and poured some into his cup, inhaling the scent as he did so. "Hurry before Sammy smells it and comes down and you have to wait for another pot to brew."
"The older Omega? Why?" He asked as he started towards the door, hyper aware of Jimmy following closely behind him.
When he'd awoken the next morning Dean was already gone and Castiel scowled deeply; Dean never left without waking Castiel for a good morning kiss. He never went to bed without one either, but Castiel blanked on the last time he'd kissed his mate. Grumbling he made his way downstairs expecting his pups to be settled in front of the tv or in a circle around Samandriel as the young Alpha read to them, Jack nestled in his lap. His house however was quiet, no mate or pups. Teeth on edge he quickly looked outside to see if maybe they were in the back yard but again the space was empty.
Sam's voice was low, steady, and extremely dangerous. To anyone that didn't know Sam he seemed calm with only the red ring around his iris the only give away.
Dean dropped his eyes and Castiel knew that the other man was fighting with himself, it showed on his face how he wanted to believe what Castiel was telling him but the phantoms of what he'd heard over the years were just as loud. Throwing caution to the wind he leaned in and brushed a light kiss over Dean's lips. It was like he'd touched a live wire, his lips tingled and he gasped softly before pulling away.
"And then we were stationed here on earth. I fell in love with the humans..I talked Azrael into rebelling with me. I led armies, killed without thought as I was commanded. But only when I was sent to earth, when my Garrison was given the task to protect the profits did I truly understand. I walked among them, watching them come and go from this world, seen the destruction of wars. I wanted peace..and Azrael wanted me to be happy. My sadness caused his own. We talked, whispered blasphemous and traitorous things...we were going to remove our grace, become human and live our days out together. Then Father found us.." Castiel's voice faltered, the sound thin and reedy. "He separated us, bound my memory..the last thing I remember is Azrael's anguished cries before it all went black."
Castiel huffed as he looked up from his paperwork, eyebrow raised at his partner. It was true that since he returned from his short vacation he'd focused on just pouring himself into his work and making the changes that he'd plotted out with Charlie. With a sigh he wiped his hand down his face, his eyes screwed shut.
He turned at the sound of his name, Sam staring at him from the doorway, his hazel eyes sad. A slight nod and the taller man moved over to stand besides him.
"What's on your mind Cas? You seem...antsy?" Dean arched his eyebrow as a smirk quirked up the corners of his lips. "Rut starting up again?"
It was a quiet morning, Dean was working on his Latte art while Gabriel bustled around the front end adding fresh pastries to the case when the bell over the door sounded; alerting them to a customer. Both men looked up but while Dean smiled at the taller man, Gabriel frowned and crossed his arms over his chest, the dish towel in his hand hanging limply.
Dean nodded and settle down on a stool he found and he and Gabriel passed the time before opening with idle chit-chat and Dean learned that he'd been saying Castiel's name wrong the day before, a pinkish flush covering his cheeks at the mistake. He and Gabriel were in the middle of a game of one upsmanship of pick up lines with Castiel joined them; his hair looking even more unruly and his eyes appearing to be closed as he walked through the kitchen to the office and closed the door with a grunt.
They watched as the words rolled almost physically over Dean, his eyes nearly immediately dilating as he drew in a deep breath. They traded a brief glance before Castiel stepped up to press his and Dean's chests together as Jimmy moved around behind him and pressed up against Dean's back. Their hands moved over Dean's sides and hips, Castiel leaning in to nip at Dean's lower lip.
"No, no. I'm still in, just a bit more intrigued. And after listening to the plan that Gabriel outlined for me, I can honestly say I might have something better..safer for all involved."
"Yeah?"  It was the young man's turn to look confused before something clicked and the looked turned to cold dismissal. "Are you going to order or just take up space?"
"I'm sure I will Clarence, if not now, then in time. For right now however, why don't we go clean up the glass and cover that window. Busy hands, busy mind."
"We're Pure Lines Castiel, it's what we do. We spread our seed, making sure the Pure Lines live on. We've been practically wiped out, I'm only working on bring our line back to full strength. You have too my boy. You and your Omega, two Pure Lines. The children you two will bring into the world.." He shook his head, a smile quirking his lips. "The power they will have."
"Why? WHY?" Dean was in his face now, his face twisted into a snarl. "You leave your Omega mate to go and fuck some other Omega? Where you with her when you came for Gabriel and Sam's mating? Huh?!" Dean shoved him again, a look of pain hidden in the depths of his eyes. "I thought you were different."
He huffed as he pushed himself into a sitting position, running his hands through his hair in an attempt to tame it and felt he managed it do it somewhat before he padded into the kitchen and rifled through a cabinet for a cup.
"I walked Dean back here and we were talking..." He rubbed the side of his face gently, the tips of his ears going red. "I don't know.."
Nodding, Castiel finished the after nap snack and left Samandriel in charge of making sure that everyone ate at least a little something. Quickly he washed his hands and lead Sam to his in home office; shutting the door behind them. With a calmness that belied the absolute chaos running through his mind, he waved Sam over towards a chair while he took a seat behind his desk.  Once seated he pinned his brother-in-law with a weighty stare.
She ushered them through the front room and down the hall to the living room where a plate of finger sandwiches and glasses of tea waited on them. Samandriel took a seat over in one of the large overstuffed chair, a couple sandwiches on a napkin sitting on his leg. Castiel noticed a couple photo-albums sitting next to the glasses and he arched his eyebrow at his mother. To her chagrin she was starting to look nervous, her eyes darting to Castiel's face and then away only to come back to his face and dart away again. There was a couple minutes of silence between them before she started talking.
"Alright I'm heading out Gabe. I'll see you and Sammy for dinner tonight...oh and you too Cas." Dean trotted down the steps, clapping him on the shoulder in passing. "Glad you're here."
Silence worked it's way between them again and a couple of times he caught Adam staring off into space, a pensive and brooding expression working it's way across his face. When they were done they gathered the packed bags and headed towards the front hall where the muffled sounds of the others could be heard.
He just rounded one of the trailers near his destination when he overheard two people talking, or rather one person begging and the other huffing as if they were extremely annoyed.
"Yeah, yeah, I know." his brother made a face as he tried to mimic Dean. "Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole."
"It may be, but right now nothing seems safe to him. At least nothing he used to find safe. He will go some place he believes no one will look for him. It's practically coded in his DNA."
Michael grew more agitated and Castiel fought the urge to place himself between Michael and the others.  There was obviously something that the other Alpha knew and in the pit of his stomach he knew it wasn't going to be anything good.
Castiel turned his attention back to Sam, his eyes narrowed as the dense mental fog seemed to grow thicker.
"He was...obsessed with having Alpha children. He wasn't much to look at granted, but in the beginning he was a nice man, a good Alpha. I knew he had an ex-wife, well I thought she was an ex-wife, that was Raphael's mother.  He was in and out of our lives until he came with you bundled in his arms. He begged me to take care of you, that he'd made a mistake and fooled around me and that the woman who had you was unstable and he was worried for your safety. I should have questioned him, or been more angry, but one look at your serious little face and my heart melted. Once Gabriel manifested your father stopped coming around, calling me a worthless Omega that could never give him Alpha children. I never seen him again after that." She swallowed, her hands rubbing against the material of her slacks. "Of course I found out a couple weeks later that I was pregnant with Anna. I never tried to reach out to him about her."
Dean twisted in his arms until they were face to face. For a moment they both were silent, so close that their soft breaths gently stirred hair near their faces.
"An Omega pack leader?" Michael's voice caught him unawares; he'd forgotten that the other Alpha was even there. "Interesting. How does that work?"
Dean snorted a laugh and Castiel grinned as he leaned in again, this kiss much slower as his chest exploded in a warmth that rivaled the autumn afternoon sun.
"Second base...we never had much alone time. Our respective room mates were always around." Jimmy's voice was soft as he spoke and Castiel reached over and squeezed his shoulder.
He watched as Gadreel stood, offering Daphne his hand and once more tilting his head submissively. With an arched eyebrow he took in the scene of his normally demur partner moving into Gadreel's personal space and boldly scenting him. With a deep red face she moved back, her gaze cast downwards.
"I met Gabriel years ago, in fact our very first meeting was one for the record books. I wanted to wipe the floor with him he was just so annoying. But Sammy, every sweet, diplomatic Sammy said I had to give him a change and then if I really wanted to maim him I could..but in private to avoid juvenile detention." There were a few more chuckles including some from Gabriel as the man nodded. "Still Gabriel has been a steady companion throughout the years and out of everyone Sammy could have wanted to spend the rest of his life with I'm glad it's him. Plus him owning a bakery and allowing me free access to all the pies I can eat helps too." There was more laughter this time with even Sam joining in. Dean raised his glass, the playful grin replaced by a sincere smile. "Welcome to the family Gabriel, we're loud, brash, and won't ever stand down from a fight. We love as fiercely as we fight and family is everything to us, whether it's blood, marriage or those we've picked up along the way."
With a snap of his fingers he was gone, leaving the angel not only alone but once again in charge of himself and full of unchecked long repressed lust. He felt the way it licked at Castiel's skin, the way his eyes fluttered shut and how each breath felt as if it was sending vibrations through him. He was pretty sure that just one touch would send the Angel into a tail spin.  He also knew that with the rush of longing that was currently flowing through the angel he wouldn't be able to sense him still lurking on the edges. He could feel  the corners of the angels lips quirk up in a hungry smirk as they moved through the hallways. He barely contained a gleeful laugh as they caught sight of their prey; their teeth raking over their bottom lip as they pressed the other man against the wall, their voice deep, growled, and saturated with all the lustful thoughts the angel had ever had.
"Your Omega? Dean's my mate." He gave Jimmy a shake, the move slamming his brother's head into the wall. "Mine."
The words held an amused lilt to them that caused the other man to look over though he said nothing. Still the slight movement caused the small smirk on the blondes face to widen.
A small, soft smile spread over Charlie's face and Castiel felt more than smelt the calming pheromones she was putting out.
"We'll find them some more land and build them a house not too far but far enough so I can chase my Omega through the woods." His words dropped in volume until they were barely more than a growl.
"Alright, bullshit. You forget Cas, I know you. You never would have done anything I didn't want. You had perfect control."
"Of course. See you in a bit, if the door is closed just push it open, you know I never lock it. Becky is on the front desk today so be prepared to have your ear talked off."
"I try, but you both have done so much more." He leaned forward a bit, intent on learning as much as he can about the facility. "How did you two meet anyway?"
Warmth radiated from Castiel's chest as he looked at the happy smile on Dean's face and he felt himself fall just a bit further in love in with the older hunter. Green met Blue again, only this time there was nothing or no one to interrupt them.
"Never felt a pain like that before." He groused as he looked around trying to place the room. "Where am I?"
As they made their way back to the car, Castiel gave Dean's hand a squeeze where it was intertwined with his and hoping that it would all turn out ok in the end.
"Do you just not pay attention Castiel?" Meg asked, frustration coloring her words. "Right..of course not, Pretty Boy was on stage. Anyway, Henry is their grandfather."
There was another few moments of silent conversation between them before Castiel turned his attention back to Rowena, his voice level despite his roiling thoughts.
Normally he wasn’t one that got distracted by a person’s looks alone, he prided himself on being more substantial than that but as he looked up he could only blink at the picture of perfection that was running his way. The man had to be at least six foot tall, if not taller, light brown hair and dressed in full street officer uniform. The information that he’d been going over dried up on his tongue and he could only stare as the man got closer and closer. Around him his student’s looked around to see what had grabbed his attention and a few were giggling behind their hands as they too watched the man run straight towards them.
"Calm down my boy, I pose no threat to your pup." At Dean's snarl she rolled her eyes. "Or your mate."
"We'd like to welcome everyone to the yearly bake off. We thank you all for coming and it appears that we have some pretty stiff competition going on this year. For those of you that are new, you have 3 hours to create and finish your pies. After that we will have our judges." She waved her hand to the side where two men stood, one tall with dark brown nearly black hair and bright blue eyes and the other shorter with shoulder length brown hair and golden eyes. "Try your pie and grade you on the result. The best three will then be tasted again by all five of us and will announce a winner. With that out of the way, you have 3 hours, starting...now!"
The sadness behind Charlie's eyes deepened as she let out another sad sigh. "Ben is still underage, his parents withdraw him whenever they find out he's there and we don't have a leg to stand on to go to court to fight for him to stay. But if they think he's been arrested he can at least have four or five days of peace where he has steady flow of food and warmth. It makes Dean angry that he can't do more for Ben so he does what he can. Sam comes in and tutors Ben so that he doesn't fall behind in classes. It's almost as if the have adopted him as their own. To see those two tough guys falling over themselves to make sure Ben gets as much support as he can so he can leave this behind when he graduates reminds me that kindness still exists out in the world and even from darkness goodness can grow."
A short scuffle later with Dean practically pleading with Castiel to sit up front, they were pulling into a spot in front of the tailor's shop at the edge of town. It was a modest little store, the three large window's proudly showing off dresses and men's suits alike. Even with it being so early in the morning there were four other cars in the lot and as Castiel got out of the passenger seat he wondered if they were also part of Gabriel's ceremony.
They stood in silent standoff, Castiel idly aware of Sam herding everyone out of the house to give them privacy just in case it turned ugly.
"That's him James. Listen to his voice. Same snarky inflection, same not quiet deep growls and groans. And to top it off his credited name is Dean Smith." Castiel pulled the phone away and pocketed it, his eyes darting around yet again to make sure no one had snuck up on them. "Not to mention that whole reason Dean starting Gabe's ass was that he called Dean
Ash laughed this time, the shorter man having moved over to a table and starting to unpack the boxes.
Before either of them could say anything to the younger man, Sam left the room and moments later the sound of an engine starting and driving off could be heard.
Sighing once more he flicked the lights off and went off to try and find Sam, hoping that he could at least lighten the mood somewhat. Though Cas's words did ring out in the back of his mind as he took in the sour expression on Sam's face.
He could see Castiel starting to squirm as more memories were dredged to the surface and he smirked, his eyes gleaming dangerously. "It's why you were trying so hard to keep him from accepting Michael. You knew once he did, he'd cease to be the thing that brought you pleasure. However you've never actually indulged have you Kestrel? Oh you watch him, you keep amazing tabs on him but you've never really dont anything about it.."
Dean's words were purred into his ear and Castiel had to keep from groaning out loud, it was if Dean knew exactly each and every button to press. Taking a breath he looked up and quirked his lips in a half grin.
Sighing softly Castiel pressed his thoughts and memories into Dean, how he always felt like a piece of himself was missing no matter how many times he lived. He felt more than heard the sob that escaped Dean, the other Angel's hand fisting in his coat and holding him close.
The sound of silverware against glass rang out and the combined families found their ways to their respective seats, both Dean and Castiel seated at the main table on either side of their brothers. Quiet conversation reigned as everyone tucked into their meals and more than a few times Castiel risked leaning forward just enough to catch a glimpse of Dean around Sam. He had just pushed his plate away when Dean stood, a grin on his lips as he tapped his fork against his glass to get everyone's attention. Once all eyes seemed to be on him he started speaking, a wide smile on his face.
"Meg I can't leave Daphne here alone and we just can't close the clinic, our services might be needed."
"Are you sure?" At Gadreel's head nod Castiel turned his attention to Daphne. "Are you ok with this? You've only just met."
Their voices started moving closer and Castiel schooled his expression into something passive as he scrolled aimlessly through one social media site or another, he honestly wasn’t paying attention to which it was. He knew the moment that they seen him because their conversation stopped altogether.
"Like my mating gift from Dean?" Gabriel smiled as he unlocked the vehicle, showing off the unique interior.
The collective of eyes fell back on the glittering gold metallic paint of a 1978 Lincoln Mark V. Castiel glanced around at the small assembled group, Sam appeared to be hiding a smile, Michael looked lost and confused, while Samandriel was staring at Dean with the widest "puppy eyed" look he could manage. For his part Dean looked caught somewhere between physical pain and wanting to give his son the moon. Biting back a grin Castiel moved up to stand besides Dean, tilting his head slightly as he looked at the gold car.
Heat flashed over Castiel's face and he shook his head. "No! I mean..I am properly...underclothed...I just don't see the point of getting down to that clothing just for measurements."
"Pack? What the fuck are you on about boy? I always knew you were a bit stupid but there are no such things as packs anymore."
