Dean can’t help but chuckle sadly. This was once the angel that saved his life, raised him from hell and pieced him together again. Fixed him, gave up everything for him. Now he’s become a psychotic killer because of something his fault.
had done to your brother?” Cas grows tense from the nickname. “And you didn’t tell me?” He turns back around to the couple, looking at Dean. “I always knew you were gonna end up a
Dean crawls over to Cas and places a tired, sloppy kiss on his lips before wrapping his arms around his neck. “What a shame, and here I was hoping I could finally go out with that cute bartender,” Cas freezes, his hold on Dean hardening making the hunter laugh. “I’m kidding, Cas. I love you,” he smiles at Cas softening, relief flowing through him. “plus she’s not even that hot.” he says with a smirk, and this time Cas laughs.
He feels Castiel soften next to him, eyes not leaving Dean. He takes in a shuddered breath, another tear running down his face. Pins and needles poke at his heart when he feels lips kiss the tear from his cheek, blush rising to his cheeks and the tips of his ears. He notices the angel freeze next to him.
“Tell me what you want.” Castiel demands the hunter, the order combined with the voice Dean’s become addicted to sending chills throughout him. Well, the parts of him that he can feel. He makes a small sound like a whimper before shaking his head. “
As he’s looking around the kitchen for anymore food they could take with them, Dean’s eyes fall on the car keys. He thought they were gonna have to travel by foot, but his dad left the keys. Thank God. Why he left the keys and the house, he doesn’t know. But that’s not what matters right now.
“What? Cas? He’s always been weird, you should have seen him when we first met him,” Sam chuckles. “Dean helped him become more.. human, I guess you could say. Cas used to be kind of emotionless and wouldn’t get any jokes we made. Now he’s one of the kindest people we’ve met, if not the. He’s given up a lot of things for us, you know?”
Dean then drifts off in Cas’s arms, legs tangled up together, with his warm calloused hands around his waist and trailing the freckles on his back, having the most relaxing sleep he’s ever had, right there in the arms of the man who loves him most.
“I know, I love you too. More than anything,” the angel brings his lip’s to Dean’s, savoring the taste of syrup on his tongue.
Sam gives him a blank stare. “You’re telling me you know all about cars, and yet when we’re in a zombie apocalypse with a loud car you don’t know how?”
Dean’s being shaken again, Sam kneeling in front of him looking more panicked than he ever has. He’s yelling something to him but Dean can’t understand it, everything’s so muffled and foggy. His head feels so empty and light yet so heavy and full at the same time. He can see Jack stood next to Sam, biting his nails in fear. Sam says something to him and Jack rushes over, placing fingers on his forehead. They feel cold from how hot Dean feels.
Cas frowns. “I don’t plan on doing any more fighting, Dean, don’t worry. The only work I’ll be doing is fixing heaven. There’s a lot of souls here in heaven who’s heavens need to be changed so they’re like this, it’s going to take a little while.” Dean grows less tense at those words. “I’ll come back every time though, I’ll only be gone a few hours for you. It’ll be more painful for me, lasting a few days on average.”
Once their clothes are in a pile on the floor, Cas moves between Dean’s legs again, peppering kisses and sucking on Dean’s neck making him whine. The angel goes to angle himself before Dean stops him.
Dean’s always had nightmares. No matter what good day they’d just had, he’ll still get dreams that remind him of the torment he and his loved ones endured. The things he did to them. Every night. It’s all he dreams about anymore.
Cas sits down next to him, placing a hand in Dean’s hair to play with it, knowing it calms him down. “It’s alright Dean, I understand. I know what your father did and how you act around him. It’s nothing to apologize for,”
After they finish eating, Cas places the tray on the desk again, sliding back into bed with Dean who once again wraps around him like a koala. The angel kisses his hair before running his fingers through it absent-mindedly.
Eventually Dean will feel guilty about his appearance, what his body does and how Cas will have to help him through those. Castiel himself doesn’t care about what he has to do for Dean, he’ll always do anything for him. But he worries about what his lover will think. He doesn’t want him to feel self-conscious about himself, or embarrassed. He doesn’t want Dean to worry about Cas thinking of him differently as he changes, because he really won’t. Dean’s soul and personality is beautiful to him and that’s all that matters, nothing will ever take that from him.
” he whispers. He’s interrupted by the sound of boots storming down the hall. Cas copies Dean’s actions before leaning against the counter.
Castiel leaves small bites along Dean’s neck, a single kiss on his ear, and then, “Because I want to hear you beg for me, pretty boy.”
“I think it’s time you get up, Dean,” The hunter groans in response. “Alright, fine, I’ll be getting up, though.” Dean wraps his arms around Cas harder, keeping him on the bed. “Dean..” The human grumbles into Castiel’s chest. “Dean I have to get up. You can stay here, but I have to go,”
Cas brings their hands up, peppering kisses on each of Dean’s knuckles, making him chuckle. “Why do you like kissing my hands so much?”
Dean waits for the angel to move again, but he doesn’t. Frustration grows within him. His jeans feel painfully tight on him and this dick won’t even let him help himself.
While the angel could push Dean off him like it was nothing, he currently has an angel blade pointed right at his throat which could kill him in just one quick move.
Dean brings Cas back in his mouth, making sure to moan without holding back knowing what it does to him. He can feel the angel rolling his hips into his mouth, nearly bucking again. Dean moves to bring his hand to the base of his cock to push him further, but Cas catches him.
Dean let’s out a sob against Cas’s lips, unable to handle all the emotions he’s experiencing. He feels the angel smile against him, letting out a small chuckle. They’ve both never felt happier.
Back at the bunker, behind closed doors, Dean and Cas are rocking together slowly. With Sam out on a run and Jack out working in heaven for the time being, they can be as loud as they want so they take any chance they can get.
Thankfully the gas station isn’t too far, so he doesn’t have to use more gas than they can currently spare, but they still need to be careful. Who knows how many people have turned while he was sleeping.
Dean’s smile grow’s wider. “Do you think I can see Miracle again? I know I’m not the biggest fan of dog’s, but that little guy really helped me with.. well.. you know.”
Castiel nuzzles into Dean’s neck and places a kiss there, smiling against his skin. “Yeah, but I don’t mind. It makes cuddling you more enjoyable,”
Dean cackles. “That’s alright, I can survive with these guys for a little longer. Plus,” he smirks and pokes a finger at one of the glands on Castiel’s wings, making the angel hitch a breath. “We can have some more fun with them.”
Cas brings him into a hug. “I’ll be there right beside you, alright? If you ever need any reassurance, you can send me a prayer or squeeze my hand, anything.”
“S-Stop,” Dean laughs as the angel nibbles at his neck playfully and continues to run his hands up his shirt. “Cas, stop it-“
When he got out of hell, all he saw when he closed his eyes was blood. Blood on him, on other people. Cuts and bruises all over his thighs and bones sticking out of places they most definitely shouldn’t. His mangled limbs, his bloody hair on the floor, teeth, ears, Alastair between his legs.
By the time they make it to the bunker, Dean’s throat isn’t aching as much and Sam is waiting for him, tapping his foot rapidly. The eldest brother stumbles out of the car and slams it shut, not looking to Sam as he goes to open the back doors and grab Cas. Sam offers to help but Dean just shoves past him and heads towards the room with the box.
He feels Castiel shift in his sleep, indicating he’s awakened. He laughs softly with a rumble in his chest before playing with Dean’s hair, greeting him with a raspy morning voice that makes Dean’s heart flutter.
Once he finally locks it he lies his head on it for a few seconds, trying to remain calm before slamming his fist down and swearing.
Strolling through the hall carefully, tray of pancakes and coffee in hand, hope bubbles in his chest. His gift has a chance of making Dean worried at first, but it’s something that will make him happy in the long run. It’s something better than a simple gift to be put aside eventually and forgotten. It’s something Cas knows Dean will treasure for a long time, maybe even till death.
Cas smiles at him before reaching for Dean’s other hand, eyes fluttering closed before placing a soft kiss on his palm. “Then I’ll be your first person,”
Once out of earshot, Dean collapses against the hallway wall. “I’m sorry Cas, I didn’t want to be rude to you back there I just-“
Dean brings Cas into a warm hug, starting to feel tears form once again. He laughs into the angel’s — no, the
Dean feels hot all over, not just from the bruises. Thoughts are pooling his mind as they stand so close, Castiel’s confident eyes glaring into him, Dean knows it’s right at his soul. And with a whimper, he can't help but more forward.
They’re both interrupted by a knock on the door, causing their lips to separate almost immediately, turning to the door looking panicked. Dean whispers to Cas,
“Because you love it when I’m cheesy,” Cas responds before peppering his neck with kisses and little nibbles that send Dean giggling and blushing.
“Dean, it can’t be removed. Not from me.” He sees Dean glance to the box and start tearing up again. “Don’t cry,”
Dean feels himself get pulled up, being met with Castiel’s face close to his own. The pure look of anger and hatred in the angel’s eyes makes his chest feel like he’s been shot by a double barrel. He feels so small. So useless, hopeless.
They walk away and Cas turns to Dean, who’s strewn across his chest and currently leaving a drool puddle he’ll surely apologize over a million times for once he wakes up. The angel admires the freckles that litter Dean’s arms and back, trailing them with his fingers until he eventually groans and tightens his arms around Cas, letting out a huff against his chest.
Dean smiles softly. “You never gave me any gifts. I’m not begging for one, I don’t really mind, but you seem like the type to give gifts, so,” he chuckles and rolls his head back. “God, I sound like a selfish dweeb,”
Dean can’t stop saying it. All that’s on his mind is Castiel, how amazing he feels inside of him and how astonishingly good he is at it.
Dean looks up at Cas, getting lost in his dark blue eyes that have always looked at him like he hung the moon. He brings his hand to his hair, running his fingers through the sweaty mess. God, he’s never felt more alive and in love.
Once alone, Dean manages to look to Cas’s face. The line of blood that ran across his eyes now smeared and some-what brown, a slight bruise on his jaw from when someone managed to fight back against him.
“H-Holy shit you did not just-“ He opens his eyes to see Cas’s glowing blue, confirming that he did, in fact, just. He moans softly. “You mother…” Another tingle runs through him and he manages to stifle the moan. “Man, can you just get in me already, please,”
The hunter clears his throat and rubs his nose, taking one of Cas’s hands off his face carefully and holding it softly in his own. “So, you wanna help me clear this delicious plate of pancakes you made me?”
Dean finally submits and bites his already raw lip, placing his forehead in the angel’s neck before sending a prayer. He confesses things he’s too embarrassed to say out loud, would never let leave past his lips. His face grows hot as the prayer continues, but he can tell it does something to him. His breathing grows hasty and he rocks his hips slowly against Dean, lost in thought. The hunter feels hotter just contemplating what he may be thinking about, how his words from a simple prayer alone can get him going.
Dean feels his lungs seem as though there’s tiny pins and needles poking at it as he looks at the Ma’Lak box. He looks down at Cas, the angel covered almost head to toe in blood, hair matted and hard from dry blood. The human bites his lip to the point of bleeding to keep himself from tearing up again.
“Morning, sunshine,” Sam says sarcastically. The last word cuts Dean deep, every memory of when he said that to him biting and clawing back at him like a pack of starving wolves.
Dean looks into his eyes. So blue, so full of life. They’ve always looked at him like he hung the moon. Like they love him more than anything. That last thought causes Dean’s eyes to dodge away, admiring the perfect toning of his arms.
“Ah shit,” Cas simply chuckles and uses his grace to rid of it. The angel rolls over and places a kiss on Dean’s lips. Dean sighs and kisses back, lips moving together for a good ten seconds before pulling away. “Mornin’, Cas,”
Cas frowns. “Well of course I did, I haven’t forgotten a single second of my life since I’ve known you, Dean. Today has always been a very special day to me, always.”
“It’s nothing. Also,” Sam’s cheeks go red. “I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I’m going to take my dad to town tomorrow for a few hours so if you and Dean want some.. alone time…”
Sam looks to the dashboard sadly. “You think he’s still alive?” he asks. “Bobby? Karen? Maybe even Ellen and Will?”
“Nonsense, here,” he grabs Cas’s hand and brings it to his wing’s. “See? Sof-“ Dean’s face turns beet red as pleasure runs through him like a wave, grip tightening on the angel’s wrist.
Castiel lets out a dramatic, disappointed sigh before letting go of Dean and backing away from the wall. Now that he’s distanced from him and in the light, Dean can see the specks and blotches of blood staining Cas’ coat. His blood.
“It’s nothing. I got Cas, I’m driving over now. Prepare... it.” he doesn’t wait for a response. He hangs up the phone and starts driving, going as fast as he can in case the angel wakes up during the drive.
Castiel stands with a blank face, which eventually turns into abrupt laughter. Suddenly he’s holding Dean against the wall, one hand gripping his throat and another holding him against the wall with great force.
“Well yeah!” Dean exclaims with a bright smile, grabbing a blanket for him and his angel. “It’s one of the only times of the year where i can lie down and watch classic movies, and,
because of you, Dean. Because you can’t do a simple job, all you do is fail.” Dean, now back to his teenage self, shakes his head as his jeans dirty from the ground.
After some time passes, though, Sam knocks on their door and walks in, stopping in his tracks once he sees the couple on the bed. He tries stepping out quietly but they had already started waking up, Dean being quick to whine and complain to his brother about it as he turns over, back against Cas, who’s also quick to wrap his arms around him lovingly and tiredly, kissing his ear.
Dean grumbles a thank you and stands up with a wobble, legs suddenly feeling like he’d never used them. Not his first rodeo with this, just the first in awhile. He rubs his temples and lets out a deep sigh before stumbling his way (and sometimes into walls) to his room. He hears Sam call out annoyed asking if he’s gonna clean his mess but Dean shoves him off.
Cas nods, grabbing measuring cups and some bowls and a whisk. He starts mixing ingredients before pausing. “Sam, where are the chocolate chips?”
Dean feels cold at the loss of the angel’s arms around him, comforting him. A shiver runs through him, which Cas must have noticed because he rests a comforting warm hand in Dean’s thigh, making the hunter blush but smile.
They sit there for a few moments, enjoying each other’s company, before Cas pulls back, leaving a small kiss on his lover’s lips. He grabs the bottles of shampoo and body wash and squirts the first into his hand, bringing it to Dean’s hair. The hunter is quick to flinch, his hand soft on Cas’s arm as he holds it. Cas continues to scrub Dean’s head anyways, causing the hunter to frown.
His vision starts going dark and a tear runs down his face. He looks into Cas’s eyes, a line of blood against his face and eyes a deep vicious blue.
most important days in existence. At least to me it’s the most important,” Dean feels his eyes sting. “Today is a day you should be celebrating. You’re forty-two, now.
Cas gives him a small sad smile. “He’s never had a real birthday… now that he’s finally free, I think he deserves one,” he holds up a plate of warm chocolate chip pancakes. “morning breakfast and all.”
The angel smiles warmly at him. “It’s better than an engagement ring,” he says before handing Dean the box carefully.
He moves his finger again, recalling this location of the male body to be the prostate, one of the most sensitive and pleasurable areas. He smirks at the sounds of Dean’s moans, deciding to add a touch of grace. The action sends Dean screaming once again.
Dean feels the anxiety build in his stomach. The angel is covered in blood, trench coat looking like he was in the middle of dying it a deep red.
Cas loves him so goddamn much and he can barely help it, he feels an emotion that’s alien towards someone who was raised to believe he was unworthy of it. Cas had never loved someone before but he fell in love with
The angel collapses onto Dean’s chest after a few seconds, and breathes heavily. They both lay for a few minutes, calming down.
Dean’s cheeks tint red at that and he turns back down the hall with a smile wide across his face. “You’re somethin’, Cas, you know that?” Cas returns the smile.
Dean makes a sound of wonder. “Ooh, so that’s why you started doing after-care…” Cas barks a laugh. “I kinda just assumed you got lazy and didn’t wanna use your mojo to clean up anymore.” The ex-angel rolls his eyes playfully, putting the last sweater in the drawer before turning off the lights and joining Dean in bed, pushing him aside and wrapping his arms around him.
Once he reaches their bedroom door he lets out a sigh, both nervous and happy. He opens it and can’t help the smile that reaches his face once he sees his hunter sprawled out like a star-fish on their bed. Cas sets the tray down on the desk and closes the door, slowly walking up to his lover and then combing his fingers through his hair softly until he stirs in his sleep.
“Christ..” he unhooks the necklace and brings it around his neck, hooking it closed again only to hold the vial in front of him. “Cas, this is amazing.. thank you..”
Cas brings his hand to Dean’s thigh, lifting it to wrap around his waist. The hunter chuckles and brings Cas to another kiss, helping hoist his leg around his hip. The angel rolls over, placing himself above Dean so they could position themselves better. Cas grinds onto Dean, making them both moan. He leaves little bites on Dean’s neck as he rocks his hips, causing the human to hum.
“I suppose,” Cas says with a nervous bite of his lip. “perhaps I’ve grown too weak to keep it young anymore..”
“What? No, no you’re fine. It is.. kind of comforting, now that I come to think about it, I’ve just never seen people do it all that much. Or, at all.” he says with a nervous laugh.
“Of course,” he takes his arms off Dean and stands up. “you can get under the sheets, I’ll clean up,”
His hands have a death grip on the angel’s arms as he’s fucked roughly, low grunts from Castiel and moans and swears of Cas’s name filling the room. Dean decides to mess with Cas as well, snaking his arms around Cas’s back and grabbing his wings, causing the angel to stop and moan deeply.
He didn’t know them too well, he didn’t get along well with people in general, but they were still the only friends he had. Well, besides Sammy. He’s glad he still has him around.
The brother gives him a sad but hopeful smile in return. “You two are so gross,” Cas chuckles. “you’re too good for each other and it’s disgusting,” Castiel sets the plate down before going to flip another pancake that’s on the stove. “I mean, every
“I gave everything for you,” he says lowly, voice heavy with fury. Dean lets out whimpers against him, unable to do anything to him due to his power. He has full control over him, he could kill him right now if he really wanted, in the blink of an eye. The hunter feels a spike of adrenaline. “and this is what you give to me?”
The hell was that for?” he’s only answered with a kiss on the cheek before the angel walks away, adjusting his own party hat as he greets Jack.
“Happy birthday, Dean,” Sam says before laughing, pulling away. “Wow, forty-two years old and yet still way shorter than me,” he goes up on his toes just to annoy Dean more.
“Sorry,” Cas mumbles with a little smile. Dean continues to glare at him but slowly leans into Cas’s touch as his fingers run along his scalp, suds trailing down the angel’s hands and Dean’s neck. Once the soap has covered all of Dean’s hair, Cas angles him into the water to wash it out, his hands continuing to run through his hair. The hunter can’t help but smile warmly at the gesture. They do this often when taking showers, but that doesn’t mean he can’t love it every time.
“Cas, please-“ Dean strains. He tries to touch the angel’s arm to find comfort, but Cas responds by pulling away from him like he’s fire. Which, he is. He hurts everything and everyone he touches.
“No, N-No you d-didn’t, I’m sor-ry..” Dean looks away from Cas, wiping his tears. Cas cups Dean’s face.
“I uh, I wanted to give you this,” Castiel had a coat in his hands, same as the one he was wearing at that moment. A deep tan with soft fabric that Dean found ever so comforting to run his fingers over and fidget with. Cas had always noticed it but never mentioned it to him, knowing he’d never do it again if he’d realized he was doing it.
“Yes I /do/!” The angel outbursts suddenly. “You.. You understand, don’t you? The feeling.. The /urge/.. it’s uncontrollable. You can’t stop it unless you /kill/..” he says shakily. “Killing with this mark.. it feels wonderful, Dean.”
compared to this, this..” he gestures to Cas, the angel looking into his eyes lovingly. “This was the most exhilarating thing I have ever experienced in my entire life,” he says with a tired laugh.
“Ca- Cas, I’m so sorry I-“ another sob breaks out. “I should have done better, I should’ve tried harder, I'm sorry Cas, I miss you. I miss you so much, please come back. Cas I lo..“ a beep rings out. “..ve-“ the room goes quiet, spare the sharp breath Dean expels. “I love you too..” he says shakily with hopelessness.
Dean’s set at a weird angle, shoulders and head on the bed but hips being held up by Cas. He can feel his back hurting already. He’s getting too old for this stuff.
Sam leaves the room and closes the door behind him, Cas locking it once again. Dean whines in his sleep and nuzzle’s into Cas’s neck. The angel leaves a kiss in his hair and runs his fingers through absent mindedly, which he usually does as Dean sleeps.
“Oh..” Dean gulps, trying his best to calm himself. That’s why Sam was so adamant on Dean and Cas not acting lovingly, why they had to heal the hicky’s. Because John would find out. “Wow.. um.. this is…”
“No. You’re not.” The words pierce Dean’s heart. “You’re not sorry. You always do this, you always hurt people. You never help them. All you do is cause destruction and chaos, just like Daddy raised you to.” His voice is slick with venom, infecting the hunter like every word is a bite.
Castiel nods, standing straight and giving John a cold and curious glare. “I am,” Dean can tell he’s getting defensive of him. He knows what John has done, he’s seen Dean’s memories and has been told about what he’s done to Dean, several times. “And you’re John Winchester, Sam and Dean’s father.”
Dean hums and stretches, separating them both. “You wanna bake cookies today?” he asks with an excited smile. He brings his feet to the floor before wincing at the cold touch of the concrete meeting his toes. “
“C-Cas no, I-I-I-“ Cas places his hand on Dean’s face, the hunter wincing after expecting a slap. This is a different Cas. He leans into the touch with anguish.
“Of course, just give me a few minutes,” he sighs and rag dolls on top of Dean, exhausted. “You did great, Dean,”
But now that’s all gone. Cas is gone, and with him his love, light and hope. As well as Dean’s own. And now he has nothing, nothing but a brother that’s given fuck-all to him for help all these years and the son of the man he loves, the man who gave his life to save Dean’s own.
During the drive, Dean looks to his younger brother, who is staring out the window mindlessly. He jumps when a big zombie bursts out of a building and starts marching to the Impala. Dean starts speeding up a little to avoid him but another zombie takes him down, acrylic nails tearing at already decaying skin. Sam shivers, while Dean questions how everyone started looking like they just got back from a several-month-long vacation of being six-feet-under overnight.
The hunter would be blushing right now if it weren’t for his face already being red from his beatings. He says nothing and continues making mindless noises into the neck of the angel, only for said angel to stop.
The rumble of Baby’s engine comes to a stop once Dean pulls up at the roadhouse, he smiles as Sam runs up to Bobby all excited to see him again after not seeing him for so long. The older brother chuckles as he sees Bobby hand him the beer that tastes like piss.
“Dean dad is on his way there right now so if you and Cas are making out you need to stop right now.” Dean’s blood runs cold.
Cas can’t help but laugh at his lover’s obsession with high water pressure. “Better than cheap motels?”
Dean’s face turns beet red before he pats his face and body to try and find any wet spots. “Cas, you didn’t-“
Cas places a kiss on Dean’s cheek. “It’s nothing,” his hand is placed on his other cheek. “It looked like you were still stressed, I don’t want you doing anything rash around your father.”
Dean’s chest hurts as he remembers that fact. Cas doesn’t age, he’s not human. He’ll have to watch him
Dean then immediately shoots up and looks around with a tired, bleary-eyed gaze. He rubs his eye lazily. “Breakfast? For me?” his eyes meet the desk and he smiles dumbly. “Awesome,”
Deep down Cas feels bad, he does. He wants to hold him and whisper things to him, help him calm down and feel better. To make him tea and sit with him like he has with all Dean’s other panic attacks. But the mark’s urges take over. It’s uncontrollable, no matter how much he wants to stop it, he can’t.
Everything’s going to be different without him now, and Dean doesn’t know if he can handle it. He wants to give in, he wants to give up and rest for good. But he can’t. Because it’d mean Castiel’s sacrifice was worth nothing in the end anyways, it’d mean it was truly for nothing. And that he died for nothing. That he gave his life for someone that threw their own away so easy, a coward.
” His father brings his hands to his hair, tugging at it. “What shit haven’t you boy’s gotten into?”
Dean looks over his room, eyes landing on his dresser. The drawer with the coat. He lets out a quick and broken breath before walking over to it, drawer opening with an audible roll. The coat sits alone, the hunter never put any other clothes in it in fear it'd get rid of the scent. Just in case.
Cas hums and brings his lips to Dean’s again, sliding his tongue in and moaning as Dean sucks on it. He feels the hunter’s nails claw at his back as he lets out a muffled moan of his name, driving into his sweet spot. Cas brings a hand to Dean’s dick, rubbing it a few times to see his reaction before using his grace, sending a shock of pleasure through him from there and making him release instantly, moaning Cas’s name loudly.
He shakes his head, pressing his face into Cas’s neck wishing he’d just drop the topic. He wanted a cuddle session, not a therapy session.
No more hearing Cas mumble to himself in confusion about the smallest of human things, including using even a microwave.  No more lone drives with Cas in shotgun admiring the passing views of trees and mountains, the slight perk in his posture once he sees cows or horses or goats, as old music plays from the stereo.
Dean brings his hands to Cas’s neck and pulls them closer, pausing for a moment to feel Cas’s warm breath on his cold lip’s before finally bringing them together. It’s a soft long-deserved kiss that they’ve both unknowingly wanted and needed for so long. He softens at the feeling of Cas rubbing his thumb across Dean’s neck softly, a smile creeping on both of their faces.
Ellen fill’s both their glasses and sets the bottle in front of them, causing Dean to shake his head. “No it‘s fine Ellen, this is gonna be our last for now,” she eyes him suspiciously but shrugs and takes the bottle back.
A huff of relief. “Good, now let’s get back to them, we’ve taken long enough.” He pecks Cas’s lips before starting to walk down the hallway, holding the angel’s hand with his own subconsciously.
“I know how to save you, Dean. I’m just looking for the correct spell,” Castiel says. “I’ve seen it in this book before.” Dean rolls his eyes and pulls at the ropes around his arms in annoyance, to no avail. He snakes his fingers around the rope once again.
They all echo around him, dozens upon dozens of loud voices around him, all of them people he knows, loves, all insulting him. Dean brings his hands to his ears but it doesn't change anything, they’re all still so loud, and only grow louder.
Cas groans and brings his fingers to Dean’s forehead, healing all of the love bites. “You do realize how much effort I put into those, right?”
Dean had set the coat on his pillow for the moment, turning back to Cas to show that he’d wanted to talk more. And they had, the angel told Dean about how well Jack was doing with his powers and how much better he was at controlling them. The hunter was eager and more than happy to listen to anything Cas would talk about, he’d found so many things about this broken world interesting that Dean was ready to listen to anything he liked about it because every time he did, he was able to see the world in a new light. His light, his hope, his love.
The angel smiles softly at the sight of Dean happily giving the dog belly rubs. The call of Cas’s name makes him turn around, seeing Sam in shaggy clothes.
Sam’s about to respond before the lights flicker for a second, making him blush deeply. John immediately stands from his chair.
” Dean screams into a pillow. The angel pulls Dean’s head back by his hair, making the human’s breath hitch.
“It’s nothing, Dean’s my friend too. I’m happy to join him on his birthday,” she brings her hands down and sets one on Sam’s bicep, squeezing it softly.
“It’s alright Cas, you didn’t know.” he smiles as Cas wipes the tears from his cheeks. “What‘s the gift anyways?”
Cas shakes his head. “No, you’re not. What do you think the gift is? What’s wrong with it?” he asks out of curiosity, somehow not understanding what little velvet boxes mean to humans even after 12 years of being on Earth.
“Dean you’re so good for me, you feel so good for me pretty boy you’re doing amazing,” Dean pulls Cas forward, which spreads his legs wider. Their chests touch and slide together as they move. “You take my cock so well, beautiful. So good..” The hunter nearly chokes when, “You’re such a good slut for me, Dean, fuck..”
It’s the hands that have killed thousands with simple ease, hands that could tear him apart, hands that could smite him with their very will, hands that could break him with just the waft of their fingers, but instead choose to hold him, care for him, heal him, run all over him in silent praise, open him, run through his hair, trace the freckles littering his skin, trace his spine, run along his back, and so much more. They choose to love and help him rather than harm him despite having more than enough power to do so, and that very fact makes him love them all the more.
Cas blushes but nods. Two wings suddenly show from his back, the bright moonlight making the shine on his wing’s more grey than rainbow. Dean admires them with awe. He goes to touch one but Cas flinches, so he puts his hands to himself.
Dean jumps and picks up his duffle bag, running out the door and thanking whatever god is out there that Sam finished with the car and is waiting inside. He notices his older brother running in a panic and puts on his lap belt, knowing they’re going to be racing. The older Winchester opens the driver door and throws the duffle bag and backpack to Sam, who throws it in the back seat. As Dean drives out of the Gas ‘N Sip he looks into the store and notices that the man is staring at him, then disappears.
“Why don’t you take a picture,” Dean says with a smile as he tugs a shirt from his dresser, one for Cas too.
“Shh, it’s okay, Dean. You’re okay now,” Cas says in the softest voice he’s ever heard. “I’m here now, okay? I’m not going to leave you, I’m never going to leave you, Dean. I promise.”
Cas laughs again before tugging at Dean’s hair to bring them apart, eyes meeting. The hunter lets out a sharp gasp at the action. It doesn't hurt him, it’s just something he’s found Dean to enjoy. He gives Dean a toothy grin.
Another buck of his hips causes Dean to let out a moan into the echoing alleyway, passing civilians paying no mind to them.
Dean’s startled when Cas wraps the hat around his head, rubber band pinching the skin under his chin, making him let out a cry.
Cas freezes, feeling hesitant. He wants to, so bad. He wants to finally have his chance with Dean, to be with him. Hell, to make love with him. But he isn’t sure if Dean wants that too or if he just wants more.
“Holy fucking shit,” Cas smiles against his neck and lets out a chuckle. “Who knew you could do that, Christ,” The angel pecks Dean’s lips softly and plays with his hair. “We gotta do that more often, man.”
He hears a thump and slowly walks towards it, hearing whines as he grows closer. With his gun resting on his other wrist, he points it as he turns the corner, seeing Cas holding a man against a wall. The man looks horrified, appearing to be the last survivor of all the victims he just passed.
He trails the blood with kisses up to Cas’s ear, nibbling at the lobe. “Can you just get this over with and fuck me already,” Dean whispers sensually.
Dean finally breaks them apart to speak. “I need to call Sam to ask him when he’ll get here, I spent ages making this food and I don’t want it going cold,”
A soft knock plays at his open door, and Dean’s heart stops for a moment. He looks up with hope, hope that maybe his prayer worked. Maybe it worked again. Cas is finally back, back to him and never leaving again.
His blade falls to the grass beside him and he moves to help his father up. Before he knew what was happening, he’s being pushed to the ground, blade pointed on the back of his neck. Sam feels his heart start racing.
I get to do whatever the hell I want. And right now, that’s washing your damn hair,” he pulls Cas out of the spray and pours some shampoo on his hand before bringing it to Cas’s hair. Cas huffs. “you stink too, you know,” Dean says with a playful smile.
“I-“ he sighs and grabs Cas’s shoulders and looks him in the eyes. It’s dark, but the moonlight gives him a good calming glow. “I feel.. the same way…” Cas’s eyes go wide. While he doesn’t need to breathe, he stops breathing. “I never.. realized I could feel this way. I realize now that I had a lot of signs that I liked men but.. you’re the first guy I really had interest in and.. when you said you loved me it.. I don’t know, it opened my eyes I guess? I realized that I really couldn’t handle being in a world where I couldn’t see you again and it.. destroyed me, Cas. So.. I feel the same way,” Dean smiles at Cas. “I love you too.”
His face falls, though, when he notices a tan color in the corner of his eye. Dean whips his head around and loses the ability to breathe when he sees that stupid signature trench coat he’s missed so much. He laughs again and bears a big bright smile. “No way..!”
Dean opened the clothing presents first, which were a band shirt Dean had his eye on every time they were at a store they had been visiting, some little fluffy sweaters, two pairs of wool gloves, novelty socks and some Zelda-themed pajama pants. Dean let out a sound of excitement at the last one.
angel. You can’t even keep him around. He left you too. He came back, of course, which I still don’t understand. Who would want to be around
“I won’t, Love, I promise,” the angel kisses the top of Dean’s head, the hunter smiling at the little nickname. “I’ve got you.”
“Well then those are boring people,” Cas says with a smile. “I thought that me kissing your hands would be comforting to you, but if that’s not the case then I can stop-“
Dean rolls his eyes. “I mean we don’t have the tools for it,” he states. “sure we have stuff here but I need stuff from like.. Uncle Bobby’s, for example.”
Deep down in the coffin Castiel lies alone, surrounded by ice cold water. Unable to drown, stuck living forever in something that you could call hell on earth.
He motions for Cas to move away and so he does, letting Dean rummage through the drawer beside them and pulling out a bottle of lube. Cas feels tingly seeing Dean with red splotches of embarrassment on his cheeks.
The angel grabs Dean’s thighs and moves against him roughly, the hunter placing his arms around the other’s shoulders as his lovely sounds are muffled by Castiel’s lips. He whimpers the angel’s name against his lips quietly, causing him to stop once again.
Sam moves his jaw in annoyance. “Yeah, uh, Dean helped me out of that. If you want, I can show you to him. Show you how he’s doing and stuff.”
Dean moans softly in content before throwing one of his arms over Cas’s chest, resting his head under his chin. Castiel runs his fingers through Dean’s hair softly, switching to rubbing his back occasionally.
He hears the shake of a bottle and looks up to see his brother throw him a bottle of advil his way, he almost doesn’t catch it.
He leaves the room in a haste and Dean is left alone, looking to Cas’s empty spot on the bed before groaning out of impatience and flopping onto it, relishing in the warmth. He really is a walking furnace.
” He shoves him to the dirt. “Everyone leaves you, everyone. You can’t keep anyone around, let alone alive. Haven’t you ever considered why?” Dean lets out a broken sob, begging him to stop. “No one ever wants to be around you. No one loves you. Nobody
Cas smiles sadly and nods. He then turns to the right, where their beloved dog has started running to Dean. The man crouches down and calls out to Miracle to come closer to him. “Hey boy!”
“What’s wrong?” Cas asks quietly, setting the box down on the bed next to the packaging and new clothes. He rubs Dean’s cheek with his thumb comfortingly.
“Dude.. we didn’t even use flour, we used a pancake mix and you didn't even touch it, you…” Cas shrugs and Dean just smiles.
Sam decides to look through the bags and gets weirded out the more he looks. Guns, clothing, food, med kits.. are we leaving? he wonders. Dean walks up to the counter suddenly with a dopey smile on his face as he sets up the radio. “I knew that old nut had one laying around somewhere. God, I’ve always wanted to live in one of these..” he says.
He must’ve started saying it out loud because before he knew it, Sam was grabbing and shaking him to get his attention while Jack stared at him terrified. Another pound of guilt drops into his lap. He terrified the kid he promised him he’d love and care for, the kid he calls his own son. Their shared son. Dean has always made sure to seem strong, not weak, around everyone. But especially Jack. He can’t know how weak his own father is, the only father he had left. He can’t falter his hope that soon after he’s just lost his actual worthy father.
He loves Dean so much and while the hunter doesn’t know how, he accepts it anyways. He knows Cas is honest with his love for him and while Dean can’t love himself that way, he takes it. Because he knows he means it, he knows he truly and ultimately loves him for who he is and it makes Dean feel so happy and loved.
..” Dean begs him, shuddering whenever he feels Cas run his fingers through his hair or his hand ghost over his neck.
Sam chuckles. “What, all those burgers didn’t add extra weight?” Cas glares at him defensively, making Sam’s face drop. “Sorry,” Dean stirs in his sleep, Cas rubbing his back. “Well, goodnight Cas.”
Cas chuckles as he places the items on the bed individually. “You’re not going to get rid of me that easy, I can guarantee you.”
“Dad..” Dean says quietly in disbelief. “How… How did you get here…” he looks to Sam. “How did you find him?”
Castiel smiles. “So am I. If anyone is worth giving up immortality, it’s you, Dean. I’m happy to grow old with you.” he says tiredly, sleep catching a grip on him.
Finally they pull into the gas station, but there’s a few zombies stumbling around so they’ll have to be careful and stealthy. They wait on the side of the car, watching the zombies and waiting for them to look away or get distracted. Dean shuffles so he’s facing Sam, sliding his big backpack on and gripping a big duffle bag.
“Why.. why is that important right now, Ca-“ the angel bucks his hips forward onto Dean’s, causing the hunter to let out an embarrassingly loud sound. Cas grunts but smirks devilishly, and Dean only wants to slap it off of him. “
He inches closer to Dean, bringing his spare hand to hold the side of Dean’s face and gaze into his lust-filled eyes. His fingers run through the feathers softly before slowly bringing his hand around to behind Dean as he brings their lips close. When they’re just about an inch away, Cas grips the base of Dean’s wings, making him let out a breath of surprise. The angel takes that chance to join their lips together, making Dean soften.
“Sure. And, they’re right here,” Castiel replies before handing Dean his fuzzy star wars-themed christmas socks of chewbacca covered in christmas lights and ornaments like a tree. Dean makes grabby hands at them.
Dean tenses up from the name mentioned. Sam lets out a strained groan. “Dean- You-“ he sighs. “Dean you have to learn to move on from that right now. We’re dealing with bigger shit than losing Cas. We lose people all the time, man, you have to have gotten used to this by now.”
Their lips meet once Cas has been fully pushed into Dean. The human moans against him once Castiel starts moving, pulling in and out slowly but just fast enough.
He walks over the blood and bodies, most ripped to shreds, some beaten to a pulp and some charred, probably from smiting. Dean feels bile rise in his throat as he glances over the massacre. He can’t believe he let his happen. How could he think giving Cas the mark was a good idea.
The gruff and ever-so confused voice plays, “This is my voicemail. Please make your voice.. a mail.” a beep rings out. And Dean is silent for a moment, taking in the sound of his voice after so long of believing he’d never hear it again.
“It‘s fine, Dean,” he cuddles up to the hunter. “We can make new memories with the holidays from now on. Now that I’m human I can taste cookies and hot chocolate, and fruitcake-“
John glares at his son, questions like ‘what did I do wrong’ racing through his mind. He huffs. “In for a penny,” and throws a punch at Dean. Or at least tries, because Cas catches it almost immediately with an iron grip. Dean feels his heart flutter at how fast he was to protect him.
Normally snoring would be something that would annoy him, cause him to jump out of bed and slap them just to tell them to shut up, but with Cas it’s different. When it’s Cas it feels comfortable, safe, at home. It lets him know that he has a stupid ex-angel passed out next to him, one who’s willing to give his life for him even if he had been snoring loudly in his ear only moments before.
Dean hadn’t realized how much time had passed until Cas made a retort about the movie. “How does a child become so incompetent,” the comment makes Dean chuckle softly.
Before Dean could say anything Castiel falls limp, hand falling from his cheek. The human notices the lifeless look in his eyes, the red leaving his cheeks, the life leave his body. A sob erupts from Dean as he pulls him close, shoving his face into the lifeless-angel’s shoulder, screaming in agony and disdain as he holds his body tight.
The demon moans once again at the feeling of Cas releasing inside him, filling him with warmth. The angel rocks his hips a few more times to milk his orgasm before finally collapsing on top of Dean, both of them heaving from exhaustion.
“Cas..” Dean says as he kneels down next to the box. “I’m so sorry I have to do this to you, you don’t deserve it.. I wish you could stay with us a-and we could continue movie night, and..” he glances to his brother nervously. “and I could keep waking up to you sitting in that chair of yours reading a stupid book or calming me when I have a nightmare.. I wish you could stay, Cas...” there’s no response. “I... I love you.. I’m going t-to miss you.. a l-lot...”
After he was freed from Michael, all he dreamed of was all those he murdered while under his possession. All the humans, the children, hell, even monsters. The things Michael said to Cas. Everything.
“Wh- No, no no no, it’s just an old bunker. Bad wiring. Dean plans on fixing it next time he has nothing to do, I swear. The bunker is safe, it even kept God away.”
“Cas, as much as I love this.. making love thing, why can’t we just go fast like all the other times,” Dean whines. He leans into Cas’s palm once it reaches his face.
“Personal things that are of no buisness to you, now if you could excuse us, we’re going to bring you
And once Cas presented the final gift, Dean gulped. Thoughts were racing though his mind and he couldn’t hear past the sound of his heartbeat in his ears. Was this it? Was this happening? Was he about to do it? He can already feel the tears welling in his eyes.
“Because the angel’s took him.” Castiel states. Sam and Bobby look to them in surprise and confusion at Dean’s tired and bloody state, his arm around Cas’ shoulder as he holds him up.
Dean feels it before he hears Cas cry out his name, eyes shining blue with his grace, something he hadn’t seen earlier. But, fuck, he wishes he had. It’s so much more fulfilling and beautiful than any other climax or fuck he’s had.
Dean’s breath shutters as he holds back a big sob. “I’m so fucking sorry, Cas. This is all my fault..”
Dean. When you were with that boy when you were in high school… I told you it was just a phase but deep down I knew you’d do it again. And now here you are,” he gestures to Cas. “You’re getting fucked by a fallen angel. How does that make you feel, huh? Are you this angel’s bitch? His boy toy, is that it-?”
“You..” Dean nods and brings their lips together softly, eyes fluttering closed and smiling at the feeling of Cas’s stubble scratching his chin. “I.. love you too..” Dean’s smile grows wider.
Cas hums and runs a hand along Dean’s thigh, moving their lips together deeply and letting out occasional sounds.
Dean shutters as he inhales. The vines tug even harder, breathing even more painful again. He can almost imagine the blood pooling inside him.
Sam breathes in and out with every step, jogging to the beat of the music playing in his ears as he admires the morning scenery, birds flying around and chirping, the light from the sunrise brushing the mountain peaks, and then the sudden bright white light coming from the trees to the left of him.
Castiel shifts against him, only glaring into his eyes, no longer emitting words, even of anger. The only sounds are the distance sirens and their heavy breathing, Dean’s sounding broken and wet from the beatings. While the hunter is in pain, all he can focus on is how close Cas is to him. The way he can feel his warmth, his power. How the angel still has yet to do anything else to him, he’s but waiting. Only staring at him with wide, questioning eyes.
Dean’s head hits the concrete floor, making his mind go blank for a few seconds as Cas grips his shirt. The angel punches Dean’s jaw.
“There’s no time,” The man says in a deep, gravely voice. “You and your brother have to get out of here. They all heard me and can feel my power”
“Would this be a good time to tell you that I love you, Castiel?” Dean asks quietly but confidently. He can see the shock and disbelief reach his face.
They both pull away to rest their foreheads together, not being able to help their big smiles. Dean chuckles softly. “I can’t believe we’ve had all these years to do that only to do it once I’ve died.”
“Oh yeah, most are dead. A few years ago there was a great fall because an angel named Metatron lied to C- to an angel, telling them he could fix heaven, when really he caused them all to fall. A lot died and now there’s only about a handful of ‘em left, Cas included.”
concerned Cas with a very panicked look on his face. Dean doesn’t even think before forcing himself into Cas’s arms, burying his face into his neck as he sob’s in the angel’s embrace.
The angel tugs at Dean’s hair roughly before biting his other hand, trying his best to hold out longer. He doesn’t even have the chance to warn Dean before he finishes, who swallows with ease like he’s done this dozens of times before. Which he has.
“Because it’s your birthday today, beloved.” he says quietly, voice gruff and gravely but at the same time sweet and kind.
“Cas, Cas! Calm down!” he says muffled into Cas’s coat, the still-wet blood getting on his face. Cas let’s out an animalistic growl. “Jesus, Cas! Castiel!”
The angel crawls into the bed, offering his hand to his friend. “It’s okay, Dean. You have no need to feel ashamed. You were having a nightmare, you can’t control that,”
Dean bites Cas’s shoulder hard, stunning the angel and causing him to draw back, giving him a confused look. “What was that for?”
Castiel kicks him to the floor, ripping the human’s hands from his legs. “I don’t love you, Dean,” The hunter feels himself shake uncontrollably, breathing hard to maintain.
Dean, in a panic, rushes to his light switch to try and turn on the light but there’s nothing. Nothing. He runs to his dad’s room only to find him gone. Dammit. Of course he’s gone, and of course now of all times. He goes to Sam’s room instead and is about to wake him up until he notices how peaceful he is.
The blade is right dead center through his chest, right where his heart would be. But he still stands, blood falling from the wound down, what was, his clean white shirt. The deep red plooms from the injury.
and he loves everyone and everything because of him, but he loves Dean the most out of them all and Dean really can’t help but smile. Out of all the humans on earth, he fell in love with the broken one with the self-worth issues.
“I said /out/.” Sam frowns and looks to Dean sadly, then to Cas. He swiftly leaves the room without another word.
“You sure? I don’t feel so human. I still have that urge to kill, to feel warm blood coating my hands, to see the life drain from someone’s eyes right in front of me,” he says with a smirk as he moves to untie his other hand. “That sound very human to you,
Now, Castiel’s grace is kept in a tiny bottle on a string hung up on a rack in Dean’s room. Not for emergencies or anything, Dean just thinks it looks cool (at least that’s what he told Sam and Cas). In truth he really just wants a piece of Cas to be with him at all times.
After Cas finishes his drink they both walk outside the road house, Dean completely awed at how clear and beautiful the night sky is. “Is it like this every night?”
Next thing Dean knows, they’re both in the backseat of the Impala and Dean is mostly healed up except for some scratches and bruises, and some bites. And naked. Cas is between his legs looking down at him, and Dean can't help but feel so exposed to the world.
As Cas walks through the halls, carrying Dean in his arms like you would a child, he passes by an amused Sam.
“Nah I just think I’ve had more than enough to drink over the last few days..” Cas looks at him with sad eyes. Dean notices and clears his throat, downing the whole glass in one painful swig. He hisses at the burn in his throat and shakes his head, which makes Cas ease up a little more and smile again.
Dean wakes up with an unsettling feeling, bringing him to look out his window, just in case. And nothing, the streets are empty. He checks the clock, 11:38 AM. He and Sam stayed up late having a movie marathon last night. But shouldn’t people be out and about at noon? His annoying-ass neighbor sure is, so why isn’t she out.
After they both manage to calm down a bit more, Dean speaks quietly with a broken voice. “Wouldn’t you know, the urges are gone…” The angel chuckles quietly and lazily pecks Dean’s lips. “So.. about that spell.”
Dean rocks his hips slowly, making the two of them moan deeply. Cas grabs Dean’s thighs and holds him up to slam him back down again, causing Dean to let out a loud guttural moan into the angel’s shoulder. The chair screeches with every hard rock of Dean’s hips.
Sam looks at the two of them in disbelief before attempting to drag their father outside of the bunker, leaving Dean and Cas alone to make sappy comments about each other.
“Excuse me?” Cas’s voice is clear with offense, and Dean can feel the anger radiating off of him. He wishes he were able to touch him, rub his back or arm to help him calm down.
” Sam exclaims, stepping between them. “Why don’t we give dad a run-down on what’s happened over the last fourteen or whatever years, yeah?”
Once the both of them have their hair washed, Cas holds Dean in place and gets the body wash, finding it as an excuse to run his hands all over Dean knowing it’ll get him worked up.
“It’s not..” he sighs and opens his eyes. “It’s not important, Cas. Do you know if you can get rid of the mark.”
The look on Dean’s face was a bright smile, directed at an unknowing Cas at the other side of the room. Sam can’t help but smile wide for his brother, happy he’s finally found someone to love and be loved by. He sighs happily before slowly stepping away, leaving Dean to his little romantic montage in his head before joining Eileen.
Dean hisses at the feeling of the head pushing into him, gripping the pillow under him. His breathing speeds up as it fills him up more, feeling Cas move closer to him and eventually right up against his ass.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Cas bites his lip and turns away. “You’ve known you were on the clock for over a year and you never told us? Why?”
The older Winchester sighs. “Maybe.. we can go to the roadhouse or the auto-salvage? See if they’re alright?”
John glares holes into the back of Cas’s head as he drinks his beer, watching the angel like a hawk. Castiel is only observing his beer, reading the label. It’s a thing he likes doing for some reason, Dean finds it cute. Once Cas notices the staring, though, he glares back at the man. The cap of his beer pops off from the little wave of his finger, making John slightly nervous. Cas notices the anxious feeling from him and smirks in amusement, happy to know that he has a way to scare the Winchester if it comes to it.
“That’s good. I’m glad he finally has someone like you, I’m sure you know how he grew up and what was drilled into his brain,”
Suddenly Dean was on his feet again, back in his present normal body, bruises and blood still remaining. His chest burns when he notices Cas in front of him, eyes full of sorrow and anger he hasn’t seen in years, or maybe even ever. His gravelly voice pains his ears, angel ringing working with it.
The kid shows signs of hurt, but this isn’t the first time Dean’s done this. He’s better at handling it. He’s learned to accept it, especially when Dean’s not doing good. Especially when he loses Cas.
The urge takes over and Cas tries laughing himself at Sam, Dean being the only thing holding him back.
The angel nods. “I am aware, I wish I were there to help prevent that. What Dean’s gone though… no one deserves that, no one deserves to have gone through what he has. I try my best to remind him of how much I love him, as often as I can,” He laughs softly. “In fact, I think I went a little too far this time, he started crying…”
“Jesus fucking Christ, Dean. What the fuck was that all about?” Sam asks with a panic, stress lines clear on his forehead.
Before Sam could answer, he hears Dean and Cas talking down the hallway. He remembers their previous activities and rushes to them. He stifles a laugh at the amount of hicky’s on his brother’s neck.
He tugs on Cas’s coat to drag him out of the room, and the angel follows. He offers his free hand to Dean to take one of the beers as they walk, making John raise an eyebrow.
Dean’s filled with surprise, not just because Cas was holding his face in his hands all romantic-style, but also because Cas thought that he didn’t feel the same way, that he thought Dean was gonna tell him he sees him
“Sam says it’s Dean’s birthday today!” the angel nods. “What would he like? I’ve heard that birthdays are a big thing with gifts and parties,” he frowns slightly. “but I don’t think we’ll be able to have any parties any time soon…”
“Come in,” he called out, amused by him always. The door opened with an aged squeak and in came the fallen angel with his warm smile. “Hey, Cas.” Dean greeted with a smile.
Dean groans before face planting once again, thumb running along Cas’s bicep carefully as he focuses on the beat of the angel’s heart. He sighs in content as his eyes flutter closed, feeling himself drift slowly and smiling when he feels another hand find it’s home on Dean’s lower back. The hunter tightens his embrace around the angel.
Dean felt a bubble of contentment rise in him, happiness introducing itself as color dancing along his cheeks. “Thanks, Cas. I’ll try not to lose it.” He said with a soft grin. Castiel gave a liberal laugh, crows feet perching at the corners of his eyes that Dean has always been so addicted to. His favorite drug.
Dean opens his mouth to respond but nothing comes out. He can't say anything. He doesn't even know what he would say, he doesn't know what happened.
After grabbing clothes and chatting as they walk down the hall, they finally make it to the bathroom. It has a giant shower that takes up most of the room against the back wall, a sink to the left and a toilet to the right. The beige tiles make Cas grimace. Dean huffs at his reaction.
The smell of Cas hits him immediately, and it takes everything in him to not fall right then and there. He feels his chest swell up, rose vines growing around his lungs with a sharp tug and wrapping around each and every organ. Each thorn piercing him deeply. The weight of everything hits him.
Embarrassment fills Dean once he notices the state of his bed, messy and full of sweat and tear stains. He’s about to apologize before Cas cleans it up at the touch of his fingers to the fabric. Dean looks to the floor in shame.
Cas looks at them in awe. Of course they’re nothing compared to what they are in Michael’s true form, but they’re still stunning. He stiffens at the sight of Dean running his hands through the feathers like it’s nothing.
The sound of their pants fill the room before Dean punches Cas’s arm. “The hell was that for?” He asks breathlessly. “You just had to use your grace, huh?”
Jack would stay but he knows better. Talking to him doesn't help, not unless you’re Cas. He’d only listen to Cas. And now he’s gone. The only voice of reason Dean was willing to listen to is gone.
“Are you alright?” Dean hums. Cas sighs. “What’s wrong, I know you’re upset. Did I say something wrong?”
Cas is helping explain to Jack how to properly wrap presents before he’s pulled away, about to protest before Dean’s lips are on his and his hands cup his face. The angel immediately leans into the kiss, one hand placing itself on Dean’s hip and the other on top of one of Dean’s hands, rubbing his thumb in circles along the top of his hand. Dean hums into the kiss with a smile before pulling away, leaning his head on Castiel’s and staring deeply into his eyes.
“Uhh.. I think a few days. While time works differently up here, it’s still relatively the same when you’re working on it.”
Dean throws their last bag in the trunk and slams it shut, startling Sam. He’s still trying to grasp the whole End Of The World thing and is pretty shaken up. The older brother hops into the driver’s seat and starts the engine, the sound roaring through the garage. Well that’s gonna be a problem.
Castiel feels himself break at those words. He glances to his fist, bloodied and bruised with broken skin. Dean’s blood mixed with his own. He feels the urge to punch him again, fist shaking, but he can’t do it. A small sob leaves his lips as he brings his fists to his hair.
“You’re so good Dean, you’re doing so good,” Cas whispers into the hunter’s ear as he continues to slowly push into him.  Dean let’s out a whine of pleasure as he feels himself get stretched out more, the words from Cas making him feel warm all over. “So good, Dean,”
He then makes a few more pancakes, some bacon and some scrambled eggs. Sure, it’s a cheesy breakfast, but he woke up with the day starting well, so why not let yourself go with a cliche breakfast every once-and-awhile. After placing all the plates on the table, Dean turns to Cas, who somehow has flour on his shirt and in his hair.
. Another thought raced along the outer of his mind but he ignored it, hopelessly. He won’t keep his belief this time. He knows that this time it’s final, no matter how much he doesn’t want to believe so.
Cas talks as he leaves more and more marks along Dean’s neck. “No angel cooldown.. and..” he brings their lips together once more. “and I still haven’t fucked you yet, pretty boy.”
The next morning Sam knocks on their door, and Cas looks from the ceiling to the door. “We’re about to head out, call us if you need anything.”
He’s on his feet again, body feeling like it went ten rounds with the hulk. His body feels too hot in too many areas, ugly bruises already starting to form. Cas stands in front of him, hatred radiating off him like a furnace. Voices surround Dean.
Castiel nods in understanding before leaving a soft, loving kiss on his forehead. “I can say it again if you’d like,”
He sighs. “Nothing, just..” he swallows then cries that are begging to escape him. “I’ve never.. b-been held like t-this.. or at.. all…”
He did it for no good reason. He gave his life for Dean in hopes he’d live till he’s old and settled down with whoever finds him hopefully as endearing as he had. And here Dean is wanting to throw it all away.
After an agonizing 5-hour long explaining session, Dean and Cas are finally allowed leave and immediately head to their room. As soon as Cas closes the door Dean starts stripping down, trying to get into bed as soon as possible.
His father huffs. “Another habit you picked up with me gone?” his voice indicates that he’s not happy with the things that have happened, with what they’ve done.
“I don’t know, but it means we’re on our own.” Dean says sadly. “I have no idea where he went, or if he’s coming back, or..” he trails off, Sam understanding. “Look, we gotta get out of here at some point. We should try and see if the gas station down the street has anything. and we should try and find some jerry cans to fill with gas in case we run out of gas.” Dean starts moving again and rummages through his room. for any special belongings he may want to take.
“Dean? You there?” Sam reaches for the door handle, only to find it locked. Dean lets out a sigh of relief, seeing Cas’s hand lifted indicating a usage of his powers. “Dean?”
Castiel smiles back. “I know, you told me that this morning,” Dean rolls his eyes. “I love you too, Dean.”
“It’s 2021, you died fourteen years ago,” he says with a huff. “Dean and I live in a bunker now and found people to call family,
Cas is about to talk back before Dean pushes him out of the way, trying to glare at Cas but his eyes are only filled with fear. “
The nickname makes Cas feel soft, feeling butterfly’s as he watches the man he loves slide down the hall with his socks.
“Yeah, don’t worry my dad is in a room several halls down.” The door clicks from Cas unlocking it using his grace and Sam walks in, closing it behind him quietly once he notices Dean asleep next to the angel.
The angel had knocked softly and politely on his door, just as he always had. No matter how many times Dean told him he could come in whenever he wanted without knocking, he never listened. Dean chuckled softly, knowing it was him immediately since no one else in the bunker understood privacy.
The angel grabs lube from their bedside table and squirts some into his hand. He throws it to the pillow and coats one of his fingers in the liquid before slowly pressing it into Dean, who grunts at the feeling. Thankfully prep would be easier due to yesterday morning’s activities.
Dean looks to Sam nervously and angrily before nodding. “Fine, just.. give me a few minutes. Cas,” he says before walking out again, the angel following closely behind him with a scowl.
And in Dean’s mind, all he can think about is how much he loves him. That stupid angel that’s done all this stupid shit for him and knows everything about him, telling him he loves everything Dean’s insecure about and more, how much he loves his chubby arms and stomach and his thighs and all his freckles and his scars, the way Dean’s voice goes higher and softer when he’s happy or excited, the way he talks a lot when he’s happy about something he likes like cowboy movies, the way he drools in his sleep, the way his hands and feet get cold in the winter so he’s always holding Cas’s hands and wearing warm fuzzy socks.
Cas groans and leans back down, leaving a hard bite on Dean’s neck, drawing blood. Dean gasps at the action and feeling, He feels more little bites being left across his neck, his collar bone and even his jaw.
Sam looks to the side of Dean’s door, seeing Cas’s coat lying astray on the floor. He picks it up, an amused smirk joining his face. “And Cas is? His coat is literally right outside your door, Dean.”
Dean feels guilt hit him once again. His short moment with Cas was, well, just that. Short. It helped him for a small time.
Sam isn’t as close to Cas so he only feels as though he just lost another person, but he tries to help Dean anyways, rubbing his back in an attempt to sooth him. He’s never seen his brother let out such agonizing and painful sobs.
Sam laughs. “Alright Edgar Allan Poe,” his brother glares. “there’s a pie and a cake in the kitchen, we were originally just gonna do cake but Cas said pie, which I see now was a good thing judging by the look on your face.”
He see’s Cas soften as he gets the prayer. “I’ll join you,” he says coldly, glaring at John. The two walk out of the room together, leaving Sam and John to be alone awkwardly.
Sam looks to Dean sadly. Inside the coffin Cas is lying there blankly, already having accepted his horrible fate.
Jack bites his lip in thought. “Well, I know you’re not okay. I.. I heard what you said, the voicemail. I heard Cas’s voice too,” Jack admits wearily. “I miss him too, I know Sam’s not doing good helping you, but I-“
“Yes, yes you are,” Cas says with a smile, walking up behind Dean and wrapping his arms around his waist, leaving a kiss on the nape of his neck. Dean leans into the touch and hums.
“If he is still hurt after he’s human again, I’ll make sure to heal him. For now go find more leads.”
Suddenly there’s a warm feeling in the room and the sound of ringing. Dean lowers his arms and opens his eyes, seeing a man with dark hair in a dirty and torn tan trench coat in front of him, who’s looking down at the zombie whose eyes are burnt out. The thing looks like it’s been baked. The mysterious person looks to Dean with deep blue, squinting eyes. Dean can just feel the power radiating off of him. He lets out a breath he didn't realize he was holding in.
“You had one job. I gave you one job, and look what happened?” Dean whines quietly. “You failed. Little Sammy is
“Like hell there is!” John booms. He gets up from his chair and storms towards the hallway that leads to the kitchen.
“That’s exactly why I didn’t tell you, Dean,” he smiles. “I didn’t want to distract you or make you worry.”
He stops immediately, grabbing a small knife from his pocket that he keeps with him at all times in case of sudden attacks like this. The hunter slowly walks up to the scene, moving some leaves from a bush aside before he feels his stomach drop at the sight before him, lying on the ground and groaning.
“Thank you for the gift, Cas. Really,” he laughs softly. Cas smiles and kisses his forehead, running his fingers through his hair once again making Dean sigh happily. “I’m glad we can finally grow old together. Grey hairs and bad joints and all,”
“Come on, Dean,” Dean shakes his head no, but he does want to say yes. He just refuses to give in. Before Dean can blink, Cas moves his hand to Dean’s jeans and presses. The hunter lets out a cry of the angel’s name weakly.
John pushes past Sam and storms into the kitchen, looking furious. Dean, who was just moments before smiling like the happiest man on earth, now has a terrified face, drained of color. Cas immediately picked Dean off the counter and put him behind him to protect him from any harm.
He grabs Dean’s hand, rendering him shocked for a second, and squeezes down. A sick cracking noise plays as a result, making Dean yelp. Green eyes meet his before he lunges down at Dean, shoving him to the floor.
“This ain’t your fault Cas, don’t worry about it. But, hey, do you know if animals end up in heaven?”
As they dry off Dean ruffles Cas’s hair, smiling at it and then to Cas. “I like it when your hair’s all messy,” Cas’s cheeks gain a small pink tint as he smiles warmly.
He also loves the little things Dean does, like how he curls into him and gives him big hugs and loves holding his hand and touching him whenever he gets the chance, the way his eyes flutter closed when Cas runs his fingers through his hair, the way he pulls Cas close to him when he’s sleepy and wants him to stay and hold him close, the way he’s always saying I Love You to Cas whenever he gets the chance because he just makes him so happy.
Dean grumbles as he feels himself gain consciousnesses, sighing in content at the feeling of Cas’s arms around him, making him feel warm inside and outside. Soon enough he feels a kiss on his ear, Cas humming against him. Dean smiles.
The hunter blushes and smiles, feeling butterflies as his heart wretches. He moves Cas away from his neck and pulls him into a kiss, lips moving softly together as their eyes flutter closed. The angel moans against his lips.
The ex-angel laughs sweetly and continues to pet Dean’s hair, turning back to the movie and scoffing. “They did not just leave their child at home, that’s so irresponsible.”
He tries adding a third finger but gets too impatient, he takes the fingers out and pulls off of Castiel, making the angel whine. Cas looks at him with heavy, lust-filled eyes, almost angry that he stopped.
Dean smiled, but Cas knew him well enough to know it wasn't genuine. A million thoughts raced through his mind. He wanted to tell Dean that he
This chapter follows very closely to 15x20, but I promise it has a much better ending.  But, fair warning, the rebar scene is in here. If you wish to end the story with chapter one, you won't miss anything major. This chapter was just kind of an add on that I thought of later with some inspiration from my friend, @xsamie87x . If you do wish to read on, there is NO character death here. Promise.
Sam let out an annoyed sigh and pinched the bridge of his nose, "Cas, look, could we just not right now? I'm just not up for talking."
Castiel jumped up out of his chair shaking his head fervently, "No. The bunker's warded. And this. This is a prayer. I know. We have to find him," he rushed out of the room.
Yay! I felt bad about the last chapter being so short, but luckily, the plot bunnies decided to come out and play, so here's another chapter!
Dean furrowed his brow and turned his gaze back to the angel, “Wait. I don’t understand. I saw them take you down. They told me that you were dead. How are you not dead?”
"I was scared of what it meant for me. See, uh, humans, we have these stupid unwritten rules that everyone is suppose to follow. Roles that everyone is suppose to play. Now, some of us, we follow those rules to a T. No questions asked. And others, well, we say to Hell with the rules. And then, well, still some of us, we, uh, we want to say to Hell with the rules, too. We really, really do. But we're also so afraid of losing everything and everyone we have. We're afraid that disobeying isn't worth the risk."
Dean swallowed hard. He sat silently for a moment. Castiel held his breath, giving Dean time to comprehend what was going on. Finally, he hazarded a peek, partially opening his right eye. As soon as his mind had registered the familiar form in front of him, he couldn’t stop his eyes from flying open widely.
The larger vampire still has Sam pinned to the floor, and with one mercilessly strong punch, knocks him unconscious. He gets back to his feet and grabs Dean from behind. The sudden attack throws Dean's concentration off. And the strength of the two vamps wins out, as they easily force Dean to the ground, pinning his arms in place. He struggles against them, but it's useless.
Castiel sighs. It's contented, but also signals that he understands Dean has reached his emotional limit on this discussion for the time being. He let's Dean change the subject, "Yes, please. But, I actually have something else I need to talk to you and Sam about," Cas informs him.
Completely involuntarily, the younger brother sputtered and choked on his coffee, "Ahem, sorry," he grabbed a dish towel and dabbed at the front of his shirt.
"Look, it's complicated, ok? But, I've been thinking. Maybe if I talk to him. Tell him how I feel, then maybe he'd switch to a female vessel for me."
. He fucking dies! Of his own accord, at that! He dies and, and just," Dean waves his hand around emphatically, "he leaves me behind to process what he's said! Alone! So yeah, Cas, I'm a little bit angry! You're God damn right I am!"
"Dean...I," he thinks, choosing his next words carefully, "I never knew. I mean, you were friends with Charlie and Claire and Kaia. And it never occured to me that you felt like it was wrong for you to find the same kind of love. I knew you were a very manly man true, but I also knew you could be kind and gentle when left to your own. Your prayer to me in Purgatory. That was a part of the Dean Winchester I knew. But, I guess, thinking back. Maybe it was a part that
Cas doesn't answer, so Dean huffs, and grabs him by the arm. He leads them out onto the porch, shutting the door behind them. Cas pulls his lips into a thin line as he looks out over the front yard. Dean waits, arms folded across his chest, for an explanation.
hate it. And I don't care that you're a guy. I still..." he clears his throat, "I, uh, still...think you're attractive," his eyes wander away bashfully. "Like, you're pretty damn hot, actually," his cheeks flush a bright pink, "So yeah. I'm pretty sure we're on the same page."
happiness to summon the Empty. But..." he hesitates as Dean continues to stare him down waiting for the rest, "But I needed you to know. Before it was all over. I figured, I would never see you again anyway, so it didn't matter if you hated me afterwards. But I could at least go into eternity knowing I had spoken my truth."
Dean let out a single laugh, “Yeah, sorry, but no you’re not. Cause Cas is dead. And you’re just in my head.”
Sam let's out a satisfied breath and sheaths his machete, "Alright. Well, let's go get Cas and those kids, and get out of here."
"There's something in my...something in my back," Dean shudders, "Feels like it's right through me."
Dean quickly flipped the laptop closed and threw his arm over it. Spinning in his chair to face Sam, and resting his head in his hand, "Uh, nothing."
He reached out his hand tentively and gently layed it along side the strip of fabric covering Dean’s eyes.
Sam furrowed his brow slightly confused, "I already did that. And I told Cas I didn't need..." Sam glanced over Dean's shoulder, "Impala67? Dean, what are you doing?"
Castiel placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder and squeezed, “Dean, you’re not stupid. We all trusted them. We had no idea what they were really like. They fooled us all. But it doesn’t matter, because we’re free from them now.”
Dean stares mesmerized at his friend, tears threatening to escape his eyes. He takes a sharp breath and attempts to pull himself back together. After a moment of staring out into the yard, he finally brings himself back to Cas. "Ahem, alright, well," he runs his hand over his mouth, and claps his hands, "That's, uh, that's enough of the chick flick crap for one day, right?" he puts on a dorky, clearly uncomfortable smile. He motions with a thumb towards the door, as his eyes search for anything to land on other than Cas, "So, uh, did ya want to come in? Bobby and Sam are in there too."
Dean shook his head fervently while keeping his eyes squeezed shut tightly, “No. No this can’t be real. You died. They…they killed you.”
Castiel stepped into the kitchen to find Sam at the coffee maker with his back to him, "Sam. I've been looking for you."
Dean clenched his jaw, his eyes starting to glisten. A look of guilt washing over him. "No...that's not why."
There, to his left, was a king sized bed with nothing but a bare mattress. No sheet, no blankets, no pillow. Castiel’s heart sunk and sang at the same time. Handcuffed to the bed was Dean. His back to the headboard and his legs stretched out in front of him. Save for a black blindfold, he was striped down to nothing. Bruises and cuts covered every inch of his body. How could someone mar such a beautiful being? How could someone hide those emerald eyes? Dean sat still on the bed, almost statuesque. He clearly had heard Castiel enter the room, and probably the fight that had just occurred outside, and he sat with muscles tensed, most likely trying to figure out what was happening.
“The family that matters. The family that we grew over the years. The family that isn’t blood, but would fight for us like they were.”
"Uh," Sam gestures to the brothers standing off to the side, "We should get them home. I'll go get them in the car." He heads towards the siblings, a friendly smile on his face, body bending slightly to make himself appear smaller and more approachable, as he holds out his hands for them to take.
Dean scratched at the back of his neck, "I mean, not that I wouldn't want that. I know it's sappy, but sure, I'll admit it's nice to daydream about a life where I settle down with someone, sometimes. But Hell, we know that's not in the cards for me. And this app ain't gonna make that happen either. So why dwell on it, right?"
The page reloaded, informing Castiel that his message had successfully been sent. A box showing the contents of his reply, sat in the middle of the screen. He read the two words, the entirety of his message, "Hello, Dean."
A different vampire attacks Sam head on, fighting to wrestle the weapon from the younger brother's hand. Sam finally manages to sneak a punch in, throwing the monster off balance just long enough to shove him back against a wall. Before the vamp can retaliate, Sam takes his head off with one swift swing.
Castiel continued to look at the wall across the room, "I don't know, Sam. I'm content with the way things are."
"Ok," Cas says calmly, "You're ok. But I can't heal you til we get you off this thing. Here," he puts himself directly in front of Dean, making sure his feet are planted in a sturdy position and lifts Dean's arms up to wrap around his shoulders and behind his neck. He wraps his own arms around Dean's waste. Never breaking eye contact, and continuing to speak in a calm, reassuring voice, he instructs Dean on what's next, "Ok. This is gonna hurt. Probably a lot. But I got you. Hold on to me the best you can. Are you ready?"
It took nearly thirty minutes for Sam and Cas to tie a makeshift harness around Dean, then carefully haul him up the rain slicked side of the road. But eventually, they had him safely inside the truck and headed to the nearest hospital. Sam drove. Cas sat in the passenger seat, Dean tucked protectively into his side with his hand cradling Dean's head. He gently massaged his fingers across Dean's temple. Yeah. Dean was done ignoring his feelings. He almost died tonight and almost lost his chance to ever tell Cas how he really felt. That this right here felt right. Felt like home. And as soon as he could, he'd let Cas know too.
But something is wrong. The pain radiating through Dean's back is much more than merely having been slammed up against a wall. Dean struggles against the pain, attempting to push his attacker off. Thankfully, Sam comes up from behind and takes the vamp's head off, before he can do anymore damage.
Dean shrugged, "Alright, well, have fun, I guess. Sure you don't wanna hang around and see if I get any takers?"
Cas stares dumbfounded, not sure he heard correctly, "But...but I thought you were attracted to women," is all he can think to say.
Several months had passed since Cas had sacrificed himself to the Empty to save Dean, and everyone else. But it had only been a week since, Jack, the new God, had managed to free him from the Empty, and return him to Earth, and to the Winchester brothers.
"Ok, cool," Sam clicked back over to the dating site and entered 'agender' in the 'Other' box under gender, "So, what about seeking then? I always just assumed you were straight. But I also always assumed you were male, so?"
Sam, Dean and Bobby are sitting around reminiscing about their lives on Earth when suddenly there's a knock at the front door.
Cas freezes where he is, standing outside the Impala with the two boys, and whips his head to the barn and the sound of Sam's voice. Eyes wide, he turns back to face the kids. Without another word, he scoops one under each arm and in a blinl, is back inside the barn.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut tight and takes a deep, shaky breath before letting it out slowly. After a minute or so, which feels more like an eternity, he finally deems himself steady enough to pull away and stand on his own. But Cas leaves his hands lingering on his shoulders, just in case. The angel gives him a small, reassuring smile as Dean takes another deep calming breath.
Time stood still as Dean reflected on what he had just confessed, waiting for Cas's response. And as Castiel let the words sink in. Ever so slowly, a smile bloomed across Cas's face as silent tears slid down his cheeks. A small chuckle escaped his throat.
Cas pursed his lips and looked around the room. He could sense Sam wasn't in a very talkative mood, "So, where's Dean?" he asked. Perhaps he would be better company.
Sam grimaced, "Ugh. Sorry you had to be the unlucky one to witness that," Sam placed a sympathetic hand on Cas's shoulder.
"Uh, sorry. No, no. It's fine. I got it. So, uh, a dating app you said?" Cas tried his best to not seem flustered or conspicuous.
Sam cocked an eyebrow, and flashed a half smirk, "Well, you're looking a lot better than yesterday."
Cas also rolls his eyes, but does so while forcing down a smirk, "Well, whatever they are, we'll take care of them, and get those boys back."
Sam looked up from his computer and over at his brother, "Hey, what's up? You're being really quiet."
Cas cleared his throat and looked away, "Well, anyway. I promised Sam I'd help him organize a couple of boxes of spell books he found in one of the storage rooms."
Castiel frowned sadly at Dean, wanting desperately to take away all that had been done to him, “It is real. It’s really me. I didn’t die.”
Sam's eyebrows raised slowly, "But, you're not an angel anymore, Cas. How could you? And why would he be praying to you anyway?"
Cas sets the two boys back on the ground and makes short work of getting to Dean, who's back is up against a wooden support beam.
Dean still sat, folded up on himself, not making eye contact, "Dean, listen. It's me. Your brother: Sammy. And I'm telling you that it's ok to be with Cas. And that it won't change you in any way, other than for the better. And it won't change how I see you. You'll still be the crap food loving, demon ass kicking, big brother I've always looked up to. But you won't have to keep lying to me or Cas or yourself anymore."
Cas looks Dean over quickly, then leans over his shoulder and pulls him forward ever so slightly to take in the situation. Dean hisses, and Castiel releases him, turning his full attention back to Dean.
"No way. Look, no one is gonna think you're actually an angel. And plenty of people are named Angel. Plus if you do meet someone and hit it off, and you get to a point where you have to reveal to her what you really are. Well, she can't say it was a surprise."
Castiel scrolled down the page and read through Dean's profile. He was seeking a woman, age range 25 to 40. He loves muscle cars, classic rock music, and greasy food. All things Castiel already knew. Then he saw the chat button."
Dean took a deep breath, "Cas, look. I need to talk to you for a minute. It's important," Castiel gave him his full attention. "When you...when you told me you loved me back then..." his eyes began to tear up, "look I'm sorry I didn't respond."
Castiel dropped to his knees and peered under the car, "Here, Sam! In the front seat! Help me pull him out!" Cas took his elbow and slammed it hard against the driver side window, shattering the glass. Dean was bunched up on the passenger side. Castiel scrambled inside the car and grabbed hold of Dean under the arms. He began crawling out backwards, dragging Dean's lifeless body with him. Sam ran around the side of the car and dropped down to help Castiel pull Dean out the rest of the way. They laid him out on the wet ground, as gentle rain continued to fall all around. Sam leaned over his brother, putting his ear above Dean's mouth listening for breathing. Then he placed two fingers along his neck to check for a pulse, "Thank God. He's still alive. But he's in bad shape."
Sam squinted out the window. It was still raining, but it was starting to let up, "Nothing yet. Wait! Over there! Are those tire tracks heading off the side of the road?"
Now it was Castiel's turn to choke on his coffee. He coughed a little before replying, "Me? What for?"
"Hmm, that sounds closer. But not really quite right. It still implies I have a gender. Just not one that falls into the categories of male or female."
After a moment, Castiel, feeling like he had finally returned to his vessel, though having never actually left it, stepped around to the side of the hood, to stand next to Dean. His eyes darted around Dean's face, looking at this beautiful man who had just told him he loved him. Dean pulled himself up a little and leaned in closer to Cas. He layed his hand along Castiel's cheek. Cas closed his eyes, smiled and leaned into the touch. Gently, Dean pulled Cas's face closer to his, and he could feel the angel's warm breath ghosting over his lips. Dean closed his eyes as well, as they both finally gave in. Their lips touching, both tingling from the electricity coursing through their bodies. Both their hearts racing. They pressed into each other for what seemed like eternity, before regretfully pulling back to catch their breath. Both their cheeks flushed with love and stained with trails of happiness. They allowed their foreheads to rest on one another's as they let the moment wash over them.
"Actually, I think I've heard that some people call themselves that. Ok, but on here, it only let's me choose seeking 'Women,' 'Men,' or 'Both.' Is 'Both' ok?"
Tonight had not been his night. First he'd gotten into an argument with his brother over something stupid. Which had led him to storm out of the bunker looking for a bar, and if he was lucky, some chick, to drown his feelings with. Then, once he'd found said bar, he hadn't been there more than ten minutes, before some meathead had stomped over angrily and accused Dean of trying to pick up his girl. And for some reason, when Dean had, very politely, tried to explain to the neanderthal that it was, in fact, the girl who had been hitting on him, the man had become even angrier. Needless to say, they both found themselves outside the bar, much more bruised and bloody than they had entered said establishment. The man and his girl had stumbled off, cursing Dean the whole way, while Dean spat blood onto the now wet dirt outside the front door. Wet now, because of course, it was raining. Pouring, actually. Dean stalked out across the parking lot to the far end, where he had parked Baby, so as to keep her away from any sort of drunken shenanigans. Although, now he was wishing he had maybe parked just a little bit closer. Once the door was unlocked, he slid inside and slammed it shut behind him. He stared out the windshield as the rain continued to fall in sheets. He gripped the steering wheel tightly before slamming his palms against it, "Dammit!"
Fists fly, weapons slice through the air, bodies dodge. Sam gets the first kill, taking off one of the monsters' heads with a singular and smooth swing of his machete. But before the head can even hit the ground, a second assailant scoops Sam up around the waste and slams him hard against the wooden floor. Knocking the wind out of his lungs and the machete from his grasp.
"God, we're both idiots. It's...it's not all your fault, Cas. I mean. I guess, thinking about it, I could have just as easily come out and told you the same. But, I don't know. I wasn't afraid of you hating me. I knew you never would. That those kinds of things don't make a difference to you. But I...I couldn't face the rejection. I couldn't face myself, if I told you, and you said no. Then I would have basically just admitted to finding another guy attractive for no damn reason. And I would have to live with that, you know? Live with it out there in the open, no way to take it back. No way to pretend it wasn't true. Even if you and I were the only two on Earth who even knew. And I didn't think I could do that. It wasn't me. Or, well, who I thought I had to be for everyone else."
Castiel's eyes grew wide and turned to look at Sam, "There, I hear him again. It's so quiet. And...and it's not clear. He...it's...it's like a bad cellphone connection. He's saying, 'Help. Hurt. Please.'"
Dean laughed, "Oh no, no, no. He would never let me live it down. Not when he found out what it's for," Dean forced the phone into Castiel's reluctant hand and slid up onto the hood of the Impala.
Sam chuckled, "Yeah, that last bit sounded more like something Dean would say, huh? But still, I really think it's the perfect name."
Thin tears slipped down the angel’s cheeks as he smiled brightly at Dean, “I’m so glad to hear that. This whole time I was worried what they might have done to you. What lies they might have made you believe. That I might have lost you forever. But, I am so glad I didn’t.”
The two head back inside, and Sam and Bobby look up abruptly, "Uh, everything ok guys?" asks Sam worriedly.
A flutter of wings and Castiel stood in front of the car, "What is it Dea...your heart is racing. What's wrong?"
"Alright, um, hold on, ok. Hold on. I'll go get Cas. Just try to stay awake," Sam makes for the door as quickly as possible, glancing back several times to check on Dean. Throwing the door open, he sticks his head outside.
“But…but they said…they said they killed you. And I…shit I…I…tried to get away, but…but then I thought about how you were gone…and I…I gave up. I’m so sorry…I’m so sorry, Cas.”
"No, right. I know. But, like, it must get pretty boring hanging around with a bunch of guys all day. Don't you ever feel like connecting with someone, romantically?"
"Um, so are you ok?" Sam asks hesitantly, not trying to butt into their moment, but needing to know his brother is alright.
Sam slowed down and pulled Cas's truck onto the shoulder. He and Cas jumped out and quickly followed the tracks down the hill. It was a difficult descent, as they fought to keep their balance on the steep, wet incline. About half way down, Cas yelled and pointed, "There! Sam! It's Dean! There!"
Hearing his name, Sam turned around to greet his friend, "Hey, Cas. Oh, yeah. Dean said you were looking for me. I told you I didn't need help organizing that stuff. I've already finished."
Dean looks over, having completely forgotten his brother was even there, "Oh, uh, yeah, Sammy," Dean tries to play it off nonchalantly, "I'm fine. Good. Still in one piece."
Castiel’s eyes widened with realization. It wasn’t that Dean didn’t care about him anymore. Dean just believed him to be dead.
Castiel nods back, "One. Two," he pulls Dean forward, taking all the other man's weight into his arms as Dean screams and trembles. The very second Dean is free, Cas tightens his hold on him as hard as he can without breaking him and rushes his grace into Dean's body. Healing him and removing his pain all in one instant.
Castiel chuckled, “Don’t worry about. It doesn’t matter. All that matters is they saved me. They refused to let me go out like that. And by saving me, I can save you.”
"Vamp mimes," Dean says completely serious, with a stupid grin showing how proud he is of himself for coming up with that idea.
Cas smiled, “They already know how grateful we are. That we can never thank them enough for freeing us, and that we will always be there for them to return the favor.”
The three men step inside, quietly surveying their surroundings. A rustling draws their attention to a door at the back of the barn. Machete raised, Dean cautiously pushes the door open and peers inside. Huddled together, and clearly frightened, they find the two missing children and quickly Dean drops the weapon back down to his side.
Dean flew down the road, barely able to make out the markings, let alone tell where the sides of the road ended. He was barreling down the highway much faster than necessary, and much faster than was probably safe in this weather, but he didn't really care right now. He was pissed and needed to blow off some steam. He had his radio cranked even louder than usual to help drown out the sound of water as it crashed against his windshield. Dean sang at the top of his lungs, letting all his frustrations spill out of him. It had been a shitty night, but this at least, was alright. Him, behind the wheel of his Baby, tearing down the asphalt with nothing but the sound of classic rock drowning out everything around him. So Dean probably should have guessed, what with how his night had been going, that this euphoria wouldn't last long. He continued sailing down the road, rain whipping pass his windows, music blaring. And maybe it was because of the low visibility from the storm or maybe it was the loud music covering all other sounds, but whatever the reason, Dean didn't see the eighteen-wheeler barreling down the wrong side of the road until it was too late. With barely enough time to react, he jerked the steering wheel hard to the right, fortunately avoiding a head on with the semi. But not so fortunately, throwing himself right off the side of the shoulder. He now found himself careening wildly down a sharp incline. He fought desperately to steer himself safely to the bottom, but luck was having none of that. He suddenly felt weightless for just a moment before being slammed against the ceiling, then back into the seat, as his car rolled down the hill. He wasn't sure how many times he had rolled, but thankfully, he seemed to have finally come to a stop. Everything went quiet, except for the continued onslaught of the rain. Dean winced in pain. He couldn't really pinpoint what hurt. Everything hurt. Well, his head probably hurt the most. He tried to moved around, to try and free himself, but found that only made the pain worse. Shit. Wasn't this a perfect ending to a perfect night? He didn't know where his phone was. Though, even if he did, he wasn't sure he could even dial for help at the moment. What were his options? Wait here and hope someone had seen and called for help? And what if no one had? What if he was missing for days? What if he bleed to death before help came? He wasn't sure if he was even bleeding, but he thought he must be with how much he hurt. God, if only Cas were still an angel. Screw it. It was his only option at this point. Maybe Cas still had a bit of Grace in him like Sammy had. Better than doing nothing and waiting to die. He squeezed his eyes tight and thought, "Cas? Buddy? Can you? Can you hear me? I uh, I could really use some help right now. I...I don't know where I am. I uh, I'm hurt real bad. Please Cas. Please."
Dean scoffs, "Oh, no, I get that. And don't think I take your sacrifice lightly, because I don't. I will never forget what you did for us. For me. But what I don't get is why you never said anything until then. Why you waited til there was no possible way I could respond to tell me how you felt."
Castiel watched as the last one slumped to the floor in an unconscious heap. He took a deep, relieved breath and turned his attention to the door in front of him. He reached out and gripped the door knob, turned it slowly and gingerly eased the door open. He peered inside.
Castiel leaned forward and wrapped Dean in a hug. Dean tensed at first, but quickly relaxed into the warm embrace. Slowly he lifted his own arms and hugged Cas back.
Sam patted Cas on the shoulder, "No problem. Go get 'em tiger," he laughed as he stood up, "Well, I got a few things to take care of, so I'll see you later. Have fun," Sam gave a small wave before stepping out of the kitchen.
Sam rolled his eyes, "I'm not gonna harass him. Maybe just a little brotherly teasing," he smirked, "And I saw it by accident. How did you know?"
Sam drove slowly down the highway, scanning the road, as Cas sat in the passenger seat, a map laid out across his lap and a crystal dangling from a string in his hand, held a top the map, "We're close. Do you see anything yet?" Cas asked.
Sam chuckled, "I mean, no, but I doubt you'll get very much interest if people can't see what you look like."
Cas and Dean watch as the three of them head out of the barn, then promptly turn their gazes back to one another.
"You were my best friend, Dean," he starts, "I...I loved spending every minute with you. And I was afraid that if I told you how I really felt, that I'd loose you. There was no point in revealing my feelings, when they wouldn't be returned. So I was content with just being your best friend. And then. And then Billie was going to kill everyone. Was going to kill you. And I knew what I had to do. And, Dean, I didn't have to tell you, that wasn't part of the deal," he looks up cautiously to see Dean's reaction, but Dean's face stays steeled, "I only had to
Sam snickered, "You know, people are probably gonna assume that your real name is already a fake name. But we can put something else. What'd you have in mind?"
"If that vamp was telling the truth, this should be it," Dean says while killing the engine. Him and Sam get into the trunk of the Impala to arm themselves. After a small quibble over shuriken, they head towards the derilect barn.
“No, it is important. It’s important because…because while I was being forced to be their puppet, it’s all I kept thinking about. I heard your words over and over in my head. I kept wishing I had said something back, before," his eyes drifted away, but he shook his head and continued, "Anyway, I have the chance now. So I just want to say…Cas…Cas, I love you too. I didn’t realize it was love until you said it first. But the more I thought about it, the clearer it became. I love you, Castiel, and I’m so sorry it took me so long to figure that out.”
Castiel leaned back against the kitchen counter, his coffee cup still in hand and let out a sigh. Why did he always let these two talk him into such ridiculous schemes?
The two stare at one another awkwardly, not sure how to proceed. Castiel finally breaks the silence, "I came to see how you're settling in. I, uh, I meant to stop by sooner, but I thought you might be angry with me."
Cas took another sip, "Yes, well, it wasn't that horrible. Dean does have a rather pleasant physic."
Castiel noted that Dean put his screen name as Impala67 and he was looking for women. Realizing he was lingering, he promptly headed out of the room and down one of the halls.
Dean scoffs. He closes his eyes and pinches the area between his eyebrows before looking back up, "You thought..." he shakes his head in disbelief. "Well you thought right, Cas!" he shouts sarcastically, throwing up his arms, "You're damn right I'm angry!" he growls, locking eyes with the angel. Castiel's face falls, apparently not expecting this reaction.
Cas shakes his head, "No, not exactly. You guys would be adults. Probably in your 30s or 40s. Around the age Dean was when he died. It would be sort of like resurrection, except we will need to create new bodies for you. Dean, I know you always liked being out there, doing good and saving people. And while I know it wasn't your dream Sam, you also took pride in helping others. And together, you two took on whatever the world or Heaven or Hell threw at you. And I know you could again."
But just before Dean can resign to his fate, the vamp to his right suddenly stiffens as his head rolls from his neck and across the floor. His body slumps to the side, revealing a winded Sam, arm still raised with machete in hand. Dean takes the oppurtunity to free himself and sweep the legs out from under the vamp on his left. He scrambles back to his feet. As does the vampire.
Dean makes the next kill, slicing cleanly through the neck of another vamp, before turning and knocking the weapon from yet another's hand.
Castiel smirked and Dean furrowed his brow in confusion. "Sorry," Cas interrupted, "It's just that angels also have rules and roles, and I was scared to disobey, but ultimately did. And, well, I haven't regretted it yet."
Castiel suddenly went a little weak and nearly dropped Dean's phone. Fumbling it in the air a few times before luckily catching it. He attempted to play it off as clumsiness, as he always did during these moments of small panic.
Dean chuckled, "Yeah, well, doubt I'll be finding much of that with this app. It's more of a love 'em and leave 'em kind of thing."
"You haven't even been looking, have you? Give me the computer Dean," Sam reached out to take it from his brother.
“Thanks. Uh…um…do you think you could do something about this, too?” Dean tried to lean forward a bit and twisted at the waste. He gestured to his lower back with his chin.
Sam was confused. "Because you didn't want to ruin your friendship?" Dean said nothing. "'Cause he's an angel?" Dean still offered up no response. "Then what?"
The former angel nodded, "Oh, right, sorry. I understand. I'll just go watch some tv or something," he stood to leave.
Dean glanced up from the laptop briefly, "What? Oh, hey. I thought you were organizing some spell books you found. Cas just went to find you to help."
They're both silent for several moments while Dean considers Cas's words. Finally he licks his lips and speaks, "Cas, you really are a dumbass." The angel looks up hurt. "You really think that even if I didn't feel the same, I would have just stopped being your friend because of feelings you have no control over?" Cas isn't sure how to respond. Dean sighs, and his scowl softens, "Well, you can quit worrying about it, ok?" He unfolds his arms and swings them out to his sides in an open posture before letting them fall against his hips with a slap, "You can quit worrying, 'cause..." He stuffs his hands into his pockets, "'Cause I do feel the same. There, ya happy? I said it."
Dean pricked his pie some more, contemplating. "Sammy." Sam looked up. "I, uh, I told you that Cas admitted his true happiness to me, and then that the Emptiness took him."
Dean breathes heavy, trying to catch his breath as Cas eyes the ground, curling his body in on himself. Taking each blow that is thrown at him, without so much as an objection. Finally, still staring at his feet, he replies meekly, "I did it to save you, Dean."
Sam folded his arms across his chest and rolled his eyes, "Since when do you need help picking up women?"
I knew. A part you only shared with me. I'm sorry I didn't realize it then. I think...I know I would have done things differently. I, I would have taken you aside, and told you everything. Told you that you didn't have any kind of image to live up to for the rest of us, no matter what you may have believed. No matter what you had been taught to believe. That I love you very much, and could only hope that you felt the same."
Dean rubbed at his wrists. After a minute, he looked up to meet Cas’s eyes, “Hey Cas. About…about what you told me, before they ki-er attempted to kill you.”
Cas furrowed his brow, "I did. But how did you? Dean said if you knew, you would harass him about it."
Sam sat, his mouth slightly open, staring at his brother with disbelief, before leaning forward, hands clasped on the table, "You're a piece of work, Dean. So, you want him to change the way he feels most comfortable about himself, so that you can feel comfortable about what other people will think of you? Dean, Charlie was one of your best friends and I'm pretty sure if she heard you right now, she'd be disappointed."
“Yeah. Here, let me…” he touched two fingers to Dean’s forehead and healed all the bruises and cuts on his body.
Dean put his arm out to stop him, "Ah, ah, ah, ah just. Just let me finish this up first, then I'll use my phone, and it's all your's."
"Yeah, we're good," Dean replies nonchalantly, like there was never a reason for concern in the first place. Then quickly and discreetly, he flashes Cas a smirk and a wink, and just as quickly attempts to play it off by scratching at the crows feet near his eye while looking away.
Dean throws a few punches to the head of his attacker, before being roughly tossed back several feet. He regains his composer and bull headedly rushes the vampire. The monster wraps his arms around Dean's middle, and plows through him like a linebacker, slamming his back up against a wooden column.
Sam sat back in his chair, crossed his arms, shaking his head, "You're joking right? So, let me get this straight. You love him, all of him," he waved his hand in a circle, "and you didn't tell him because what? You're ashamed to like a man?"
Sam and Dean square off with the attackers. They cast each other a quick nod before diving in to take the offensive.
Sam thought for a moment, "I'll go get the rope out of the back of the truck. We can tie it under his arms and pull him up the hill," Cas nodded and Sam started making his way back up the drop off.
Castiel furrowed his brow in confusion. That was not the reaction he had been expecting. Just how badly had they brainwashed him? Did Dean not care for Castiel anymore? He shook the thoughts from his head. It didn’t matter. Not at the moment.  All that mattered right now was getting Dean home safely.
The angel looked away, "...Ocassionally...but, I don't think a dating site would be the right way of going about it."
Cas continued to listen intensely for another minute or so before finally speaking, "I think I heard Dean."
Sam nodded his head, but a raised eyebrow implied he wasn't quite buying Cas's excuse, "Right. Objectively. Hey. You know, I just had a thought. What if
Cas slowly looked up at the younger Winchester and slowed his breathing, "Right. Yeah. Good ide-" he suddenly averted his gaze, as though he was hearing Dean again, "'Hurt. Car crash. Tired.' He crashed the car! He's tired. He must be losing consciousness. We need to hurry!"
Sam looked up surprised, "What? No! No, of course not, Cas. You're still you. Like you said, labels are just man-made concepts."
Sam raised an eyebrow, "Ok, whatever. Well, then, looks like we're all set. Ready?" Sam clicked on the box labeled submit, "Congratulations, Angel. You are officially in the dating world."
Suddenly, Castiel pulls away for a moment and looks Dean dead serious in the eyes, "Never do that again," he chastises.
Sam narrowed his eyes. He wasn't buying it. "Right. That's why you're staring at that pie like it betrayed you, instead of eating it."
Cas looks on at Dean, his heart aching over all the torment this man had put himself through. Castiel knew he was good at torture, but he never knew how Dean had used that skill on himself.
” he chuckles and steps out of the shower. “Alright, let’s strip, shall we?” Dean says with a smirk, causing Cas to roll his eyes with a smile.
Just as Dean feels like he’s about to cream his pants like a teenager, Castiel completely pulls off of him. Dean falls onto the floor roughly, giving him more pain. He’s about to look up and ask Cas what the fuck that was for only to see him undoing his belt, and before he knows it, it’s in his face. A wet bead runs from the tip.
Dean groans. He plants a chaste kiss on Cas’s lips, one last show of affection before having to go cold turkey for who knows how long. Cas nudges his foot, giving him a glare that says
Dean has tears running down the side of his face as he pants, sobs leaving his lips as he comes down from the high, overwhelmed with the sudden occurrence. Castiel continues to move in and out of Dean at a rapid pace, speeding up before releasing into the hunter and rolling his hips a few more times before collapsing onto him.
After cake, pie, presents (which Dean actually liked, they were all T-shirts, flannels, and new boots from Sam and three cardigans from Eileen that were white, grey and black. Jack got him a teddy bear and some colored rubber bands shaped like characters, not understanding adult gifts.), some phone calls from friends and some wine, Dean and Cas head to bed. At least, that’s what they say they’re doing.
Cas chuckles above him before kissing him deeply, humming and nodding as a yes. He pulls out of Dean to plant a kiss on his belly, making Dean blush a deep red. He’s become more bloated over the last few months and Cas hasn’t stopped pointing out how much he loves the chub, whether that be mentioning it or kissing it.
Dean cries out as well and crawls to Cas to help him, despite him not needing any actual medical help.
This is all he has left of him, the angel he loved more than anything. A spare coat with a lingering smell. This is all that’s left of Castiel, the angel that gave up everything he had for Dean and the hunter took it for granted. He never realized how much he’d given up for him until it was too late, until he was gone and he could never thank him for any of it.
Dean sighs as he tries to look around for his dad or any of his friends, in case any of them are still alive. And of course, he regrets it. Among all the zombies littering the streets, containing his neighbors and dog walkers (and a poor dog turned lunch), are a few of his friends.
“Doing what?” Dean’s eyes dodge around Cas, not able to look him in the eyes, let alone his face. Cas pouts and clicks his tongue. “Awh, you mean killing all these people?” The human squeezes his eyes shut for a second and takes in a deep breath. “I know, it’s not “Holy”,” he puts his fingers into quotations, “as everyone’s been saying-“
A sudden warmth spreads through him and he can breathe again, his vision is clear as well as hearing. He gasps for breath desperately for a few moments before a brief pause where all is silent and waiting. Then Dean remembers what’s happening, and goes numb. Complete still movements and a blank stone-face.
“That’s fine, as long as I don’t have to see him. I don’t know why I acted like i was happy to see him last year, maybe it was Chuck again, I dunno..” the tapping of glass makes Cas sigh.
“I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you like that, I know you aren’t ready for that kind of commitment, and..” he runs his hand through his hair. “I’m sorry, Dean,”
The blood covers his hands like a latex glove, shiny and a rich red. In front of him are all the bodies of those he loves, everyone he’s ever cared for with Cas standing in front of it, staring right at Dean. He looks pale with pained, sunken eyes. The tears run red on his cheeks where they pass the fresh splatters of blood across his face.
All he can see behind his eyes is blood on his hands. Blood from Sam, blood from Cassie, blood from Ben and Lisa, blood from his mother, blood from Charlie, blood from Kevin, blood from Bobby, blood from Benny, blood from Lee, blood from Ellen and Jo, blood from everyone. Blood from Cas.
Dean laughs and shakes his head, “No, no, d-don’t, please,” he nuzzles against Cas’s neck. “I’ll start crying harder, please don’t,”
Dean shoves the thought down into the endless pit of all the other ones and uses the little whiskey he has left in a glass as a chaser for only the amount he needs to take.
Cas nods and stands with him, kissing Dean’s knuckles as they walk to the kitchen, making the hunter smile.
” he puts the piece down on the plate and grabs the remote, playing Home Alone. He then wraps the fluffy blanket around himself and the neo-human. “I still can’t believe you’ve never seen this movie, it’s a
Cas chuckles. “I’ve never really experienced Christmas, this is all.. new to me.” Credits play on the screen as cheerful music plays.
“Alright well,” he sets their clothes down on an accent table next to the sink and walks into the shower, “I chose this bathroom because…” he turns on the water, which immediately bullets onto the tile floor. “It has awesome water pressure!”
“Once Chuck destroys this reality, your angel’s going too. Dead. Because of you. Everyone will be dead. Sam, Eileen, Jody, Donna, Claire, Jack, everyone. All because of you.”
“Cas, you..” he doesn’t even know what to say. He looks up at Cas in disbelief. He takes the necklace out of the box, vial attached at the center with beautiful, blue grace swimming around inside.
Dean falls to his knees, gripping at Cas’s slacks as he cries desperately, repeating his words of denial over and over again. “No, n-no, not-“ a sob escapes his throat.
“Happy birthday, Dean!” Jack says excitedly, blowing a party horn with a party hat on his head, just like when they celebrated his birthday with Mrs. Butters, just more colorful. Eileen and Sam have matching hats to Jack, the tall brother walking over to hand Cas two hats with a smile. He then turns to his brother, giving him a toothy grin before engulfing him into a big hug.
“Wow, really? I could really tell from how clearly depressed you’ve been. I’m so sorry for assuming you were okay just because you kept getting pissed at me for grieving,” Dean huffs. “He told me he loved me. He loved me, Sam, and then he died. Right in-fucking-front of me. My best friend that I’ve loved for years that loved me back got swallowed by the empty right in front of me
There’s so much Dean loved doing with Cas that he’ll never be able to do again. No more close intimate nights where they’re sat just a bit too close on his bed, talking about whatever came into topic. No more movie nights where they watch the same movies over and over again because Cas found it hilarious or loved analyzing it, or because it was another one of Dean’s millions of favorites and he loved reciting the lines as they were spoken and Cas would always look at him with so much life and enjoyment that would only fuel Dean to do it more with more drama and enthusiasm.
” Dean then points to the table of food. “Now I made you some fucking breakfast because I thought maybe, just maybe, you’d try and be a good person and father in the brand new year of 2021, but I guess not. So you can sit down, shut up and enjoy your food or get the fuck out of here because I surely would not mind the latter at
A familiar voice whispers sweetly but with venom, hidden well but easy to spot by an old friend. Dean covers his ears, trying to even his breathing.
“I.. I don’t know, I mean I was just on my usual morning jog when I saw a bright light. I went towards it and.. there he was,” Sam says with a shrug.
Dean saw what happened outside, he knows he’s cut off from any help and the power’s down. He’s not an idiot, he’s seen enough apocalypse movies to know that this may be Sam’s last chance at a peaceful sleep.
“Dean, stop avoiding me. Why don’t you want to talk to your own father?” Dean stops in his tracks, grip tightening on Cas’s arm. “You’re not even going to give me a thank you? I saved your life last time we saw each other, and I haven’t gotten a single word of thanks around here-“
” Dean exclaims, moving out from behind Cas. “I’m not his bitch, or his boy toy, and he’s not using me! He actually
Cas brings his other hand to Dean’s left wing, causing the human to gasp into his mouth, mumbling a small “
“Fuck, Dean, you’re..” Dean moves his legs wider for the angel, bringing a moan. “you feel amazing, fuck..” Dean moans softly at the praise as he rocks, feeling both fuzzy and sharp in the best ways.
The demon brings his hands under Cas’s coat in an attempt to get it off, bringing the angel to pull away just to throw it to the floor. Dean takes his red shirt off, throwing it to the floor as well, and then yanks Castiel by the tie to bring their lips together once again. Dean pulls away and flips them around so he can dive for the angel’s neck again, making him moan softly at feeling his hot mouth on him.
“Put it on y-your fingers, make sure you co-coat them and then you..” Cas nods and does as told, coating his fingers entirely and pushing two past his rim. Dean immediately tenses up, feathers shaking. “
Dean wakes up surrounded by warmth, legs tangled with someone else. Cas. He hums with a smile and turns around, now facing Cas. The neo-human has a calm look on his face as he sleeps, so free of stress from the supernatural world they live in. He leaves a small peck on his lips before curling up to him once again.
Sam feels bile rise in his throat. “Alright.. well, I recommend you don’t do any lovey-dovey things in front of.. the surprise, alright?”
Cas is confused at first but returns it, understanding. It’s slow and bitter-sweet. The coppery taste of blood lies on both of their tongues as they move together. It was short, only lasting about a minute, but it was enough to make Dean hate the idea of Cas leaving more.
Dean let’s out a breath into the cold air that shows as a cloud in front of him as he kicks dirt. Cas’s wings shiver from the cold.
Their lips meet once again, Cas’s tongue slipping into Dean’s mouth making them both groan in pleasure, the hunter’s leg’s wrapping around Castiel tighter.
Dean’s stomach churns at the sight of all the presents. They appear to just be clothes minus some other things, but they’re just so many
. But the point still stands, the one person you thought would never leave, the one person who had never left your side,
Cas starts falling, blade falling out with him, but Dean catches him, the two of them on the floor with Cas in Dean’s arms. Tears run from Dean’s eyes endlessly.
Castiel throws him against a wall again before pushing close to him once more. Dean lets out small moans of pain, head pounding and bruises forming all over him. He can feel blood everywhere. The angel draws close, only inches away.
“It’s alright Cas, I don’t mind. Now can we hurry this up so Sam doesn’t suspect anymore shit we do,”
Inside the gas station, Dean’s grabbing all the food he can, all the water bottles he can pack, and even beer. It's not a necessity but he sure as hell is going to need it. Once it turned out that he could pack all the food and water in the store, he grabbed more beer, some gum packs and candy, and even some lewd magazines. He doubts he’s going to get with a girl again because of this whole apocalypse thing so, why not. He drops into the bathroom for a second, sighing when he sees that the water won’t run.
“Sorry-“ Dean silently accepts the apology by touching his hand back, letting Cas’s rest in his. “Is it okay if I hold you, Dean?” Dean thinks for a moment, biting his lip, before reluctantly nodding.
Dean blushes deeply before kissing the corner of Cas’s mouth. “And here I thought I was gonna be the cheesy one here..” Cas smiles.
I have an excuse to listen to as much christmas music, eat as many cookies and drink as much hot cocoa as I want without getting judged,” he bites another piece of the mark with a cheeky smile.
The angel frowns, rolling up his sleeve  to look at it. “No, I can’t.” Dean bites his lip and looks to the floor, clenching his fists. “Even if I could, I would never accept the offer. It would release my father. And that cannot happen.”
On either side of the hundred-foot-wide plateau the officers walked down were deep, expansive quarries, where valuable resources besides dilithium were found. Grime-coated prisoners passed them on the path, some dragging balls and chains, others free to wield their pickaxes with only handcuffs signifying their status, still others trailed by guards holding them at gunpoint as they moved into their positions.
The dismissal left Dean irked and still stuffed with questions he wanted to ask about Zachariah and Uriel and this stupid freaking treasure hunt for some stupid freaking prayer medallions. This mission did, however, beat hours of boredom on the bridge, no matter how much of a buzzkill the science officer was. And it wasn’t even a pity mission this time.
Dean’s pupils were blown large, gaping black circles in a tiny ring of green. Those eyes bored into Castiel’s as if they could see nothing else.
Kevin fake-wretched and, even though Sam felt the same, he couldn’t not laugh. The absolute horror of that implication — Dean would go apeshit.
Castiel, however, approved of Dean’s prevention of a tribble infestation. As sweet and endearing as they were, the things were born pregnant, and the more they ate, the more they’d procreate. Dean loved a fuzzy ball of love as much as the next human being, but he didn’t trust anything inherently against birth control.
He snatched the amulet from Sam and put it over his head, sensing an opportunity to steer the conversation back to the real problem here. “Guess it’s another mystery. You know, that whole memory wipe thing, Castiel wasn’t exactly picky. God knows what he erased from my head. Or yours, for that matter.”
Sam smiled. He liked Chuck, and he liked how strongly he valued precision of language. The guy was a great storyteller. Which probably was an important quality to have as an interplanetary ambassador, what with having to construct appealing arguments and quickly adapt to opposition and… whatever else ambassadors did.
“Traps?” Ketch was repeating, instinctively reaching for his phaser. Charlie and Mick mirrored his action.
“Naomi told us you would be pretty taxed,” Harvelle said. “But, uh. Job well done, Castiel. We’re endlessly grateful, really. Don’t know what we’d do without you. Wanna finally meet your star patient? You know, face-to-face instead of… mind-to-mind, or whatever.”
Temporarily shocked, Dean curled forward as far as he could with his hands chained over his head, valiantly attempting to laugh against his lungs’ failure to inflate. The guard seized the opportunity to shovel a spoonful of slimy gruel into his mouth. It tasted like Earth’s oysters yet the texture was that of wet kinetic sand. Dean
The two parties stared at each other restlessly — not even the loud gurgling in Dean’s stomach could break the ice. Well, heat. Whatever. Dean needed a glass of water.
Therefore, the overwhelming surge of information from their partnership caused Castiel to neglect additional data.
Sammy stirred. Dean pretended, for a moment, that he was Momma, with a red shirt in the closet and a bedtime story in her head, and rocked Sammy back to sleep.
The archive was visualized like a flow chart in Castiel’s mind: a smorgasbord of boxed categories and lengthy bulletins woven together with color-coded arrows. There was a section on gender roles, an article on eating habits, and a stipulation on humans’ jarring lack of proper instincts, but by far the largest portion of Castiel’s list of conundrums was dedicated to the concept of emotion.
The hunter and the angel sat in silence for a few moments. The air was thick, but not any thicker than it had been for the past week of quarantine. It was quickly starting to feel like they were buried alive, like they were running out of air.
“You guess and you think?” Castiel quoted, finding his tongue in Standard again. He had not intended for the question to come off so (as humans sometimes described it) impolite, but they couldn't afford uncertainties, and were wasting time. Castiel could have singled out the incident by now if Dean weren’t so fickle.
Rufus knelt beside him. Somebody joined them, asked a question. Sam couldn’t hear it. His face was hot and wet and twisted and his whole body shook and he couldn’t feel his hands — he was drowning in his own sobs. Words drifted through his head over the thunderclaps of exploding dirt, the echoes of screams:
“We’re fixing his blood supply, starting on that arm, and then we’re putting him under in a life support canister. Suspends cell activity until we know what’s best for him. Unless you got any helpful tricks up your sleeve.”
“You’re going after him, then?” Dad asked. His voice was croaky. He still smelled like smoke, but Dean had been breathing through his mouth all day so it wouldn’t bother him so much.
“He can be healed,” Castiel reported. “Our combined abilities will likely be enough.” He rubbed his fingertips against his thumb to chafe off the sticky blood. His other fist hurt. “In fact, he’s been healed before. His body displays the signs of repetitive, almost periodic cycles of destruction and mending.”
The space station was on the small side, but nevertheless teeming with life. Dean loved these things; they reminded him of his childhood, when Dad would dump him and Sammy off at one and they could spend a few days just running about like vagabonds, panhandling credits and artifacts off the well-to-do and learning street — well,
was cruising at a brisk Warp 7, headed for neutral space to avoid any possible violent altercations with enraged Klingon conservatives chasing them down.
Castiel was nodding, but his brow was knit tightly over those droopy blue eyes. It wasn’t until Dean observed Castiel’s confusion that he realized the kind of stupid faces
There was something off about this character, but Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on it. He had the appearance of a Klingon — the glint of the eyes, the fierce glare, the haughty puffiness in the chest — but something wasn’t sitting right. He was lacking that signature gladiatorial dominance.
“Mister Winchester preferred that I didn’t,” Castiel said, blankly observing Bobby’s ministrations over Dean. He was standing a yard away, directly in front of where Dean was perched at the edge of the biobed, his arms limp and straight at his sides, his head cocked just ever so slightly. His automatic pose of relaxation was so unnatural and stiff that Dean sometimes wondered if the Seraph was not actually a Seraph but instead some ghostlike entity trapped in a body, some weird apparition with terrifying powers that wouldn’t keep his nose out of Dean’s business. Dean had been informed that was just how Seraphim were. Lacking a frame of reference (beyond the horror stories he’d heard from his father), Dean remained skeptical.
“Castiel hello I’m Captain Harvelle I’m so glad you’re here sorry about the rush this kid is my friend he’s in real bad shape we’re doing the best we can it doesn’t look good thank you for coming welcome aboard.”
” Ketch hollered, choosing that exact instant to gain consciousness, bolt upright on Dybbuk’s back, and aim his gun at Crowley.
“Dude, leave it,” Dean dismissed, turning pink thinking about how awkward it was going to be delivering a mission report to Ellen with no shirt on.
“Sometimes,” Anna said calmly, like a lullaby, “the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one.”
Dean lifted his chin as much as he could in his restraints, his green eyes glossed over with pain. As the world faded around Sam, Dean’s lips moved.
,” Uriel repeated. “We also claimed these missions will be of little inconvenience to you. Our claims are absolute. Seraphim do not lie.”
Bobby worked his jaw, studying Dean’s face with the carefully practiced reserve of a surgeon with an anger management problem. “Boy, if you’d lost your nipples in this fight, that woulda been poetic justice.”
The humans seemed to find Sam Winchester a moving speaker, but he unsettled Castiel. He stammered, and he cried. And he breathed very quickly through his mouth.
Suddenly Dad jerked forward, grabbing Anna by the front of her shirt. Dean jumped. He felt his face crumple and he tried not to cry. Anna’s shirt was yellowish… greenish… like when he got sick in the toilet after eating too many cake pops. Through his tears, he focused on the little patch on Anna’s shirt. Momma had one of those on her red shirt, the one she kept in the closet, that Dean always begged to try on.
“Whatever.” She spat. She turned to Dean, Sam, and Castiel, the anger draining from her face.  She had dark, sad eyes and viciously tilted brows — two features that managed to cancel each other out and render her rather approachable-looking, especially by Klingon standards.
chapel was somewhat small, with plain pews and humble dressings, adaptable for nearly all variances of organized faith. Or in Sam’s case, unorganized. It reminded him of the
Castiel, as if hearing Dean’s thoughts, shifted at his side, seemingly recovered from whatever that brain freeze had been a minute ago. They exchanged a glance. Those wide, droopy eyes just
He brushed past Dean into the hallway and the door slid shut. Funny how Castiel didn’t seem to value privacy until it was his own that was at stake. Must be that no-empathy thing.
“A little,” Dean said. “But it’s not like regular high school dreams, where I’ve failed a test, or I realize I showed up naked, or I’m abandoned by a girl at the school dance. These are weirdly vivid, and nothing really happens.”
“Honestly? No,” Chuck said. “I spent the past week fused to the gelatinous hide of a queen who wanted nothing more than to smother me with her affections. What’s a few more days away from home? And I like it here. It’s very, ah…” He swallowed. “Sterile.”
Castiel kneeled, his hands drawn to his chest uncomfortably, like it was taking all his effort to not just reach out and grab the swollen knob where Dean’s ankle might be inside his boot.
“Under due Seraphim law.” Zachariah smiled grotesquely, then dropped his face to a neutral position identical to that of Uriel and Castiel. “The problem remains: she’d already sold the Seals to eager buyers across the Alpha and Beta quadrants of the galaxy. They are well and truly scattered.”
Castiel recalculated his approach at light speed. Unlike Zachariah, he found it illogical to overcompensate for a lack of empathy — it would be more effective to lean into it.
Apparently Dean was mistaken, and Sam was done pretending. “Getting killed isn’t doing your job right,” he stated.
Gorgeous Barista looked up as Dean walked back in, not even trying to hide his wince at the sound of obnoxious bell over the door this time, and his expression immediately turned to one of concern. Dean must have looked as awful as he felt, because Gorgeous Barista didn’t even bother to wait for Dean to make his way to the register — instead, he immediately came around the counter, and up to Dean straight away.
‘I think only a monster could,’ Cas said seriously, then gave Dean his patented side eye, and Dean let out an even more dramatic groan.
‘Let’s just head home. I’ll call Benny later and apologise for bailing,’ Dean said finally, ‘Party’s gotta be half over anyway.’
can do with you?’ Dean rambled, looking more adorable than any grown ass man had the right to look while babbling like an idiot.
‘Yeah, I mean, I looked into it, and the guidelines are super lax — like, it’s kind of crazy that it’s harder to get a fishing license than a kid, but anyway — all we need to do is pass a background check, have the home inspected to prove it’s safe for kids to be in, and complete twenty-seven hours of training. Oh, and be stable — financially, I mean. I know we never really talked about kids, but Cas, we have the space, and we have the love to give, and I just-’
‘Happy for you, man,’ Dean said then, and he meant it — honestly. He could be happy and jealous at the same time.
‘Dude, are you sure you want to be getting a coffee right now?’ Sam asked from the driver’s seat of the Prius he’d wasted no time renting when he got to town, despite Dean’s complaints about being driven around in a ‘tree-huggin’ chick car’.
Cas’s work had been popular as well — he’d brought a series of paintings all in different shades of green that Dean found fascinating. He’d always had these big pictures and scenes in his head, and found it endlessly frustrating he couldn’t recreate them on paper or canvas, so to get a tiny glimpse of what the inside of Cas’s mind looked like... Well, it have him a little thrill in his gut that he didn’t half hate.
‘Fist bump works,’ Dean said approvingly, and turned to Cas, ready to make him fist bump just for shits, but found Cas had grabbed a pencil and started drawing the scene Jack described, his hand flying across the canvas as the outline of a dinosaur, a stretch of road, and the Impala all started to take shape. Jack watched in amazement, mouth half open, looking utterly delighted.
‘No worries there, it won’t happen again,’ Dean promised, and paid for the journal and pens without complaint — together, they came to $19.12 — all this chaos for items that had cost less than twenty bucks. Asa took photos of the items, then handed Dean back his license, and the bag with his purchase in it. They re-entered the back room where Claire was, and she jumped up from where she was sitting, eyes looking red and teary, but Dean didn’t comment on it.
Once everyone was seated and served, Dean and Cas shared a look at the same time Claire and Jack did, and they all started speaking at once, then fell silent with an awkward round of laughter. Cas looked at Dean, and gave him a
‘Dean, I-’ Cas started, but before he could say another word, Dean’s anger flared back to that inferno level rage that never failed to leave absolute devastation in its wake.
‘Oh! Castiel!’ Claire exclaimed, looking a bit embarrassed. ‘Sorry, I didn’t see you there. Uh, I was gonna put the food shopping away; I wasn’t gonna just leave it or anything. I just... Uhm... Just needed a minute to... Relax?’ She traced her thumb along the rim of her coffee mug, her face taking on a guilty looking expression that Cas didn’t understand at all.
‘Figured something’s gotta change if I’m gonna be half the man you deserve,’ Dean said, throat tight, ‘Is that... Is that cool with you?’
‘Uh, just a bottle of water, I think,’ Dean said, the idea of anything more substantial making his stomach churn uncomfortably, ‘Also, is Cas- I mean, Castiel here? I need to talk to him.’
‘So anyway, I think a May wedding sounds great, as long as you’re not gonna make me wear some stupid looking dress or anything,’ she said, eyeing them suspiciously.
Castiel fell a little more in love with his life with each passing day, in ways he’d never thought was possible.
Before he could finish, the sheriff and Jody came back into the room, both looking grim, but determined.
‘Aw, c’mon, ya idjit,’ Bobby said with a huff, ‘Ya really think there’s a pair of well-meant morons on this planet who love those kids more than you and Cas? Kids are just s’posed to eat your food and break your heart — once you understand that, the rest is gravy. I never thought I’da wanted kids neither, after how my daddy raised me up — and that’s bein’ kind for what he did — and once he died I was scared to death I’d turn into him. But as fate would have it, gettin’ saddled with you, and your brother, and little Jo? Easily the best thing I’ve done with my life.’
Dean punched the code back into the garage keypad, and watched as the door started to come back down. He turned back to Cas, unable to keep the smug look off his face as he said, ‘You heard that, right?’
‘Are you Castiel Winchester?’ the police officer asked kindly, then continued when Cas nodded dumbly. ‘I’m Deputy Sheriff Doug Stover. Everything’s alright, Mr Winchester, no one here is in trouble. Ms Kline here was just involved in a minor motor vehicle accident just up the road at Grant and Brentwood. It appears that Ms Kline was driving into town, when a car pulled out of a driveway and struck the front of the 1967 Impala she was driving. We called the owner of the vehicle, a Mr Dean Winchester, and he requested that both Ms Kline and the vehicle be brought back here. I believe he sent a tow truck for the vehicle, so it should be arriving shortly.’
Cas was both surprised that Claire had seen his awkward silence in such a favourable light, and also struck with a deep understanding of where she was coming from. He loved Dean dearly, and loved that
Dean thinks back then, to that favoured memory of his, about that first idea of safety, about his mother promising angels were watching over him. It’s nearly four decades later, but he finally feels as though he can put to rest that unsettling feeling it normally inspires. He has found both safety,
‘Oh. Yes. Of course, Dean,’ Castiel said, wishing the ground would open up and swallow him whole, ‘Well, thank you again for fixing... Him. I really appreciate it. And sorry again, for — well, you know.’
The rest of the trip was more of the same — Dean trying a little too hard to get Claire to open up, and Claire pushing back every step of the way. She finally relented and picked out a few outfits for both her and Jack, but just scowled through the rows of books, music, and movies, muttering again about it not mattering since they were bound to be living somewhere else next month anyway.
Cas makes a contented sort of humming noise, and brings his other hand up to brush Dean’s over-long hair from his eyes, and says seriously, ‘I’m just thinking about how pretty you are.’
Kaia, it seemed, also had parents that were less than involved, and she soon became a permanent fixture in the Winchester-Kline house as well. For Cas, who was accustomed to his peaceful, quiet work environment, it was quite the adjustment, but one that he didn’t mind making in the slightest. Their house was now filled with noise almost constantly — wonderful, beautiful, chaotic noise — and it was hard not to get swept up in the fervour of this new normal.
Right before the accident, then, and right around the time Dean had started coming into the shop, Castiel thought. He stared up at Sam, stunned, and all he could think of to say was, ‘I’m very sorry, Sam.’
Dean opened the door then, and the look on his face was far too tender for a man witnessing his adult boyfriend in a full leg brace, perched awkwardly on the toilet while trying to retrieve a roll of toilet paper with a crutch because he’d thrown in a fit of pique. He bent down and retrieved the item in question, and handed it back to Cas, who grumbled ‘I fucking hate you’, but darted a little glance up at Dean, a faint smile playing at his lips.
He could have asked Bobby to be there, and the man would have done it in a heartbeat, but Bobby viewed him as a surrogate son — that was the joke behind the shop name ‘Singer & Sons’ because Bobby’s ‘sons’ were Dean, and his stepdaughter Jo, both of whom had originally planned to take over the shop when Bobby retired. Dean felt a little lurch of guilt that he would be leaving that burden entirely on Jo now, but she was tougher than any dude out there, and the other mechanics — especially Meg, the only other female mechanic there — had her back, and she’d be just fine. Bobby, on the other hand... Dean didn’t want to do that to the old man, cos he thought having to watch his son’s last breath just might break him.
adopt, so all that remained was the legal side of things. Jody wrote glowing references based on her observations at the home visits, and recommended a really superb adoption attorney, Hannah Johnson, with whom she had been working closely with for many years. Hannah told them not to worry about a thing, and she took to the task of filing the adoption papers with the court immediately, and within a week let them know that their court hearing for the adoption would be the last Friday of October. Cas let Jack mark it on the family calendar with big letters, and every time Dean caught sight of it during the following weeks, he felt a bubbly sort of anticipation in his stomach.
‘Hey, you’re Cas, right?’ the brother asked, sounding like he was trying very hard to keep it together. Castiel nodded, and the brother continued, ‘I’m Sam, Dean’s brother. He wanted me to come in here and say thanks for letting me know he was having a problem, and that he’s sorry you had to see that.’
‘No, he just kept me in the basement,’ Jack replied, confused, but lowered his hands from his face, ‘I’ve always been in the basement with Mom. Just us, unless Alpha had guests.’
Dean steeled himself, and dug down deep, then said honestly, ‘I wouldn’t be half the man I am today without you, Bobby... I hope you know that. Same goes for Sammy and Jo. You’re... You’re the best dad any of us coulda asked for, and I thank whatever’s out there every day that you were willing to stick your neck out for us.’ He saw Bobby swallow hard, and they both shifted uncomfortably as the weight from all these emotions and confessions settled in around them, so finally Dean cleared his throat, and said, ‘So not to make your day worse or anything, but Meg and Garth ran the shop by themselves for half the day.’
They emerged from the restaurant several hours later, half buzzed from some really excellent wine Cas had chosen, leaning against each other, hands intertwined, and made it as far as unlocking the Impala before Cas pushed Dean up against the side, and kissed him fiercely, slotting their hips together, and gripped Dean’s wrists, holding them firm against the Impala on either side of his body. Dean let out a helpless, strangled noise against Cas’s lips, and Cas growled, ‘
Dean groaned, and relented, saying, ‘Fine, I get it. No more Zepp or ranting about cars when the kid’s trying to drive. You make a good point. I get nervous when it’s too quiet, so I like a little background noise... Didn’t think that it might have the opposite effect on Claire.’ He sighed, then said, ‘D’ya ever wonder if we’re doing this right? Like... D’ya ever wonder if we’re gonna mess them up?’
‘That’s cos you never think your stuff is good enough to show, Castiel,’ Charlie countered, then turned to Dean, ‘Cas is, like, a
(Before Dean met Castiel, he told anyone who would listen that he was never one for praying, because it felt too much like begging, but he’s begging now, in not so many words, but Cas knows. Cas always knows.)
There was something about being in the Impala, on the open road, with his son by his side that had Dean waxing philosophical and nostalgic. He told Jack all sorts of stories of his life back in Kansas before his parents had died. He told him about how Bobby used to live right around the corner from them, back when he owned a salvage yard stacked full of old and broken cars, and how much he and Sammy loved to play hide and go seek out there. He told him about the time he and Sam dressed up as superheroes, and tried jumping off the roof of their shed, and how Sam broke his arm, and they were so scared they’d get in trouble for doing stupid shit that Dean loaded this brother onto the handlebars of his bike, and took him into the nearest hospital. The hospital had, of course, then called the police, and the next thing either of them knew, they were getting picked up from the police station by a
for those things to happen, and he was always so earnest about the whole situation that Dean and Cas had a hard time grounding him. (Though being grounded now included Jesse still coming over half the time, so it wasn’t quite as effective as it might have been. Cas was mildly comforted with the knowledge that at least Jack
The vision loss might be temporary — it wasn’t unexpected, after all, and he’d been experiencing increased blurriness for days — or it might not. The doctor had warned that this day would come, but like all the other days he had been warned about, Dean thought (hoped) he would have had more time. It was this, more than anything else, that made him feel like the end of the road was closer than he’d originally thought.
‘Yeah, I know,’ Dean said, and sighed. ‘Just gonna miss her is all.’ Cas hummed in agreement and slipped his hand into Dean’s, and didn’t let go until they were pulling back into their yard.
Dean gave her hand one final squeeze before letting her go, and turning his attention back to Jack. He’d told the kid he was stuck with him, and he meant it. He watched Jack, completely mesmerised by the cartoon, and Kelly, completely mesmerised by Jack.
‘I doubt I’ll have to transport this many again,’ Cas said with a shrug, ‘I should probably get going before poor Raphael dies of exhaustion.’
‘Drunk driver,’ Dean answered evenly, ‘When I was fifteen. Both of ’em in the same day, just like you.’ He swallowed hard, the familiar pins and needles sensation burning behind his eyes just for a moment, but he recovered quickly, and gave Claire a tight lipped smile.
? Oh god) — on her face, looking every bit the ‘Momma Bear’ Jody had warned him she was. Jody followed a moment later, a similar look of fierce resolve on her face, and he was forcibly reminded that it had been Jody who had found him all those years ago,
The bell above the door jangled loudly as Dean walked in, and he winced slightly the same way he did every morning as the sound resonated around the inside of his head like a jackhammer, but he did his best to school his facial features into a confident, if not slightly flirtatious expression, instead of letting his face screwing up in pain like he wanted to. The headaches were becoming more consistent now, but he’d be damned if he was going to let his numbered good days slip through his fingers cos he was too buys bellyaching about minor pains.
That year, however, he hadn’t felt up to making the drive to Lawrence, and the night before he’d made Cas promise not to let him sink into a frightening alcohol fuelled depressive episode, because he never wanted Cas to see that side of him — the mean, angry, weepy, explosive side — but by the following evening, he’d apparently changed his mind. Cas watched with growing apprehension as Dean finished several beers with dinner, and then followed Dean into the garage, and watched silently as Dean pulled a bottle of whiskey out from under the front seat of the Impala, and leaned back against the side of the car, taking several long swigs straight from the bottle. They stood in silence just staring at one another, like they were waiting to see what the other’s next move was going to be.
Dean’s mouth was still half open, gearing up to make his next point, but he closed it with an audible click as his teeth snapped together. He looked over at Cas, eyes wide and vulnerable in a way that Cas had never seen before, and asked, ‘Really?’
‘Right,’ Dean agreed, and then turned with a small sigh to leave Cas and Jack in the studio, and go venture upstairs to see what Claire was up to.
‘He looks great, thank you Dean,’ Castiel said happily, swinging one leg over, and sitting astride the seat, bouncing a little to test the shocks. Dean watched him, mouth slightly ajar, then quickly looked away, biting his lip, and giving his head a shake before handing Cas the clipboard he had been holding.
‘Oh, ah, yes sir,’ Castiel stuttered, taken aback, ‘My name is, uh, Castiel Novak... I believe Dean Winchester works here, and told me I could stop by and pick up my motorcycle today?’
‘Nothin’, sweetheart,’ Dean replied, trying to contain himself, ‘Just love you is all. Happy anniversary, babe.’
Dean thought back to the time they’d gone out to that obnoxious, fancy ass French restaurant for their three month ‘anniversary’ (they’d since discontinued the tradition of celebrating month-aversaries, as it was, now that they could start counting in years), and how he’d thought he was in love with Cas then. Now, a year and nine months later, they’d seen a hell of a lot more than those two fools back then could have ever imagined. (If anyone had asked Dean back then how he’d feel about ass wiping... Well, it would have been a very interesting conversation, that’s for sure.)
Uncomprehendingly, he watches Cas deliberately turn his back to Dean, and move to sit at the edge of the bed, and for one wild moment, he thinks Cas is about to grab his clothes and bolt —
