The wall to his left was nothing but shelves, most of which filled with books, there were a few knickknacks, an antique looking miniature bust of what Dean was sure was a samurai, beside a really awesome looking sword, a jar filled with seashells, a few scattered photos of people. Dean recognized his own in a few of them, there were three larger frames with something like certificates in them and one of the Impala with the hood up and Dean leaning over the engine streaked with grease.
Dean hits him. Knocks his arm back and takes a slow shuddering breath.
Cas took a deep breath and bowed his head onto Dean’s chest; “Six ways of Sunday.''
There wasn’t a hotel within reasonable distance that didn’t put them in danger of being spotted by cops so Dean had driven out some winding dirt road or another, padlocked a forestry gate behind them, drove for a while longer and parked under the protection of the trees.
That taste is back in his throat now and his head hurts so much; "I don't think you're real."
Sam huffed in amusement. “You’re drunk… You’re drunk dialing me.”
There was absolute tension in his lower back, he couldn't hold still, wanted to rock his hips and MOVE with it instinctually because this man was playing his body like a musical instrument and Dean hadn't known it was possible that someone would just KNOW what he liked without him having to guide them through it. He was just along for the ride here and it was magnificent.
Cas steps onto the bed and drops to sit with crossed legs while the camera loads, aims and snaps a picture without the flash. The little guy seems giddy, like maybe he's wanted to do this for a while but was never given permission. Dean snorts back a laugh and lets himself be moved, posed like a doll or some shit, winds up laughing with Cas sitting on his hips rubbing his naked ass back on Dean's erection and making stupid faces at one another.
"How was I?"
“Last night… It—it was just supposed to be my turn and I—”
Any Normal person’s first thought would have been ‘she’s just drunk’ and they wouldn’t have given a second look… Dean, although apparently newly dubbed ‘Normal’ didn’t think that way. There was something out of place about her. Everyone else had umbrellas, or jackets or warmer clothing… This girl was sleeveless, in white… She was pale and still and she didn’t blink—Why wasn’t she blinking?
Sam's eyes bug and his teeth clench and he looks like a teapot about to explode, hisses in a breath and growls it out, grabs Dean by his coat and shakes him. "Do you feel that?" He smacks his palms up and down Dean's arms and chest, but Dean's mind is already spinning, he can see it in his eyes. "Feel this? I'm real. This is NOT an acid trip. I'm real and that thing is gonna come right down here and kill us for real. Now, PLEASE!"
Castiel leaned in slowly and Dean tilted his chin up, let their mouths hover close for half a second, brush and seal. It was quick, soft, maybe a little too dry so Dean leaned in and Cas's hand slid into the short hair at the nape of his neck, pulled him in and heat tingled behind his sternum, down his spine and lower.
Sam choked on his coffee. “What?”
Would Dean's imagination be this vivid? Would he conjure up sweat on his imaginary brother's forehead in a moment like this? Would he make there be dirt under Sam's nails and a healing paper cut on his middle finger? Was Dean's imagination sharp enough that Sam would be whimpering on each exhale and his eyes twitching, trying to find an opening where he might be able to snatch the knife away?
“No, never.”
Dean moves from the kitchen to the living room when his ass goes numb in the kitchen chair and his thoughts dry up. Sits in front of the TV and draws pictures of light bulbs and vague angular shapes, phlebotomy bags, tubing, rope biting into wrists, blank staring eyes. All things the girl has shown him, things that won't leave his mind, that chew and bite and rip at his consciousness like an angry chupacabra. Maybe if he calls Bobby?
"I do not."
His mother’s expression was pinched, her lips thin, eyes sad, confused.
“I do not bitch—“
“It’s OK,” Sam says, “It’s gone.”
Dean lays there for a long time, just staring at the ceiling, listening to the quiet. Cars moving on the street, the rain, Cas moving to and from the bathroom. The soft squeak of the bed, books shifting, pages turning.
In the quiet he can make it out... and he feels Sam go rigid behind him.
All of them, every face that had looked up at him in gratitude, every child or daughter or son or mother and father he'd saved was dead.
The hallway lead into a small kitchen/dining/living room thing, he flipped on the light switch and looked around warily.
They stop again sometime after the sun goes down for food. Sam isn’t exactly sure where they are but he climbs out, stretches a little and Dean calls after him.
His eyes traveled up Castiel’s arm to his face. How he tipped the pill bottle up over his mouth and swallowed all three pills dry, even the broken ones that tasted bad, then turned and pitched the little bottle overhand into the garbage can across the street.
It's new, different, feels weird, but not bad. Cas eases back, waits, breathes. Kisses the beads of sweat from Dean's brow and breathes those words again, like a spell or a prayer or some ancient magic Dean's never known before.
Cas shifts around, eases Dean's legs off his shoulders, into the cradle of his arms and Dean can't help but reach down and touch. All he really does is hold himself, rub a thumb back and forth across his head and watch Cas's face, feel him shift and roll-the beat of his heart and gasp of his breath. He lets his legs relax, lets himself be moved, finds his eyes rolling and those soft barely audible noises that come out with each inhale or exhale growing in volume and frequency.
"Yeah, and so could you, Dean!"
Castiel’s eyes tilted in his direction, brows pulled down.
“I wanted to stay so bad,” There’s a flash, brief and bright, but it’s gone again in an instant; “I mean ever since Dad— All I can think about is how much this job’s cost us…” He shakes his head but that sense of dis-connectivity about him remains; “We’ve lost so much… We’ve sacrificed so much—“
"Cas, I-"
He looks up, smiles, "I'll see ya', Sammy," Takes one last look at his brother, the house, swallows a knot in his throat and leaves.
“You—uh—you want me to take you home?”
Fumbling in Cas's bedside drawer and Dean glances that way, sees a tube and a foil packet-Focuses on the ceiling, swallows the excited-scared-jackrabbit of his heart.
Dean takes one and watches with interest as Cas rolls over the back rest and onto the sofa, head and shoulders propped up against the far arm, legs thrown over Dean's lap.
Cas was up an instant later, pulled Dean's arm and they slammed into one another again, all teeth and roving hands and mouths just inhaling the warmth of skin.
"What if that's what the djinn does..." He says it mostly to himself, thinking out loud, because he's used to having Sam as a sounding board. "It doesn't grant you a wish, just makes you think it has..."
"Put the knife down, honey."
“I am not drunk! Quit screwin’ around!” He was going to punch Sam in the face when he saw him again, no holding back. BAM! Right in the kisser.
Cas was reading over the check; “They didn’t have apple… I hope that’s fine.”
Dean didn’t argue with that. He didn’t have a fork so he spent a few minutes sucking his fingers clean and trying to ignore the way Cas watched him between his fingers as he did it, dropped the container into the back and turned the key in the ignition. The drive back to his mother’s was quiet. Castiel didn’t ask about the djinn, he probably would, but he hadn’t yet. It stopped raining somewhere between the campus and home—Mom’s home… THE HOUSE and the sky cleared. Dean climbed out and watched as Cas oozed out as well, eyes squinted, face still a little pale.
It's small, but Sam's brows crease and he looks at his brother from the edge of his vision.
“What can you tell me about djinns?”
There is a drip on his hand and Dean looks at it, startled, expects to look up and see that girl standing there staring at him, but then he tastes salt and the burn in the back of his throat chokes out his breath, chokes out the panic and anger and warmth in his chest and leaves the cold. Leaves him standing in a grave yard in the rain staring at his father's headstone and a little plastic flag that waves at him mockingly.
Their eyes meet and Dean's fist gives a quick pulling TWIST and there it is.
"You're just gonna slow me down-"
She smiled and pressed his cheeks between his hands, just like she’d done when he was little, laughing playfully that he was her little cabbage patch boy and dropped a kiss to his forehead. His eyes practically crossed as she closed in and his heart chugged in his chest. He watched her go, the shuffle of her slippers on the floor, the tired smile on her face; “Get some rest… I love you.”
He swallows and makes a gesture between them with his pen; "You're supposed to say 'Jerk'."
He woke in a cold sweat, heart beating frantically in his throat a sick ache in his head.
Cas snorted but after a deep breath fished in his hip pocket and pulled out a folded bit of notebook paper. "Keep your receipts. I need to figure out how much we can afford to put into savings this month," He reached into an inner pocket of his jacket and pulled out the dry cleaning ticket, gave Dean a nervous look and stuck it in the glove box; "So you don't lose it."
But the line clicked and even when he hissed his brother’s name again in his best authoritative voice, there was no answer. He ground his teeth and looked left and right, between the exit and the hallway, sweat beading on his brow. He stared down at the phone in shock and barely withheld rage, ground his teeth and snatched up one of the magazines off the countertop, glaring at the name and address printed on the label. If Sam wouldn’t help him, at least he could figure out where he was…
“Don’t forget the pie… I love me some pie.”
Cas didn't even warn him, just shushed him gently and drew him in.
"Relax... realx," Just a little slip and moving pressure. Didn't hurt, not so bad... brushing up and in; "You're beautiful, Dean..." lips on his, scratch and burn of stubble, the insistent push of a second finger, quickly followed by a third and he's being opened up, knows what's coming and isn't scared.
0-0-0
Dean stared at him, mouth open in a wince, eyes wide, hand on his bicep. “Jesus Christ! What the f—“
“The uh—the thing that killed him was…”
"How'd you do that?" He motions to the pickle jar.
“Why would the djinn do it? It was self-defense? Or maybe it’s not really evil.”
“Do you want to know me, Dean?”
At first it was just the silence, eating away at him as unnatural, but then it was something else, a tingle, like that feeling in the air before a lightning strike—the hair on the back of his neck stood on end, muscles in his jaw twitching and the knife shifted in his hand, simple and easy as breathing, elbow up, grip firm.
“I don’t mind. I like helping you.”
BANG left wrist, the flashlight clattered away—BANG the knife was gone too—
"That was so easy, I'm embarrassed for you!"
Cas's brows drew down; "Crack a window..."
Castiel seemed to take it as a complement and lowered his fist; “Someone has to be, otherwise you martyr yourself… I’ve cared for you too long and too deeply to just brush off, Dean Winchester. If you’re going to do it at least respect me enough to say it to my face.”
It's hard to breathe and he can't feel his hands anymore. They're numb and it hurts so much.
The tension was palpable, a weight in his stomach and an ache behind his eyes, burning sensation in his sinuses and fingertips as he climbed out of the car, took a slow shuddering breath and started across the street, keys clenched tightly in his fist until he was sure the ridges had cut into his sweaty palms.
Something was here, be it the Djinn or some other spirit or perhaps the shadow of old magic, something was here.
Lips closed around one of his nipples and sucked hard, he pushed up into it, head dropping back; "Oh-That's nice..." He ground his teeth, tried to capture the white rabbit of his thoughts before it scurried off and sucked in a harsh breath; "Cas-Cas!"
"I'm sorry..."
Dean glanced at him warily; “I need answers.”
0-0-0
His heart beat in his ears, the sweet taste in the back of his throat seemed insignificant and the minutes crawled by like years until he found himself pulling to a stop, breath coming out in quick jerks as he turned off the headlights and wipers then killed the engine.
“NO!”
His stomach rolled.
Cas’s expression pinched and twisted and he snaked a hand across the seat, brushed his fingers against Dean’s thigh and jerked back as if he’d been burned when Dean flinched.
Cas follows his gaze, chuckles, leans over the seat, captures his lips and whispers; "You can thank me later," As he climbs out of the car.
Water drips into his face and he looks up, transfixed by the light-suffocating frozen, trapped. Unable to move or scream or do anything but shift his eyes.
Sam didn’t think it was exactly possible for Dean to be so drunk he was staggering, but somehow he managed it. Downed a whole fifth and some of that rotgut they keep in plastic bottles in the trunk to disinfect wounds.
Sam watched, couldn’t look away, felt like he was missing something.
Sam noticed how his brother watched Eddy after they’d been there only thirty minutes, how he stole haunted looks at him and couldn’t seem to meet his eyes.
He eats, shuffles to his bed and sits hunched, staring into the corner and drinking with a magazine on his knees.
Will Bobby even know who he is? Will he even answer?
The second time he saw her was at the restaurant, which if she's connected herself to him doesn't mean anything, but if she hasn't, something about the restaurant matters. He'll consider both.
Instinct took over, kicking, bringing his knees up, gasping for air, pinching the thing’s wrist in an attempt to cause an involuntary muscle contraction. There were distant thoughts of Sam, of helplessness, wondering what this—this THING was going to do to him, carry him away perhaps like some fucking damsel, but there was no malice in its eyes, simply serenity, blue and shifting like the ocean, pulsing light, flickering like a flame—a hand lifted and touched, strangely gentle against his brow, like he remembered his mother doing when he’d been three, her stomach had just started pushing out her shirt a little—they hadn’t told him why yet… A virus, a fever and her hand had been so cool, brushing his hair back—
Yet Dean felt so dismayed that he almost felt nauseous. Which was a crazy reaction. Dean knew perfectly well that it shouldn't be getting to him so much. People came and went, up here. Everybody on the Slope was a nomad. And it wasn't like he'd even known Cas all that long. Just a few weeks....
"Exactly. So don't confuse him! If you get clothes, make sure it's clothes that'll actually make him look good. Stuff that's, you know, reasonably cool looking. That probably means, no Spidey or Batman pj's, okay? "
, thought Dean. But by now he seemed to have completely lost the ability to speak. All he could do was stare at Cas's face. Again Cas looked back at him, though at least this time Dean was somewhat better able to hold his gaze.
"I was wondering how
But one of Cas's ears began to swivel, till it was pointing back at Dean.
The blade sunk deep into her belly.
"Good girl, gotta be loyal to your main car," says Dean, who can't help laughing now. "But it's okay to enjoy a real gem like this one too. And you better treat it nice. I'm serious. Not a single scratch, remember. And bear in mind you'll draw attention — cops'll notice you, random weirdos will notice you—"
Cas asked what it was for. That what was when Cas got to see, once again, how red Dean's ears could get when he really blushed.
Dean and Sam nodded, and she led them back to the ICU.
clean. I'd forgotten how wonderful the water pressure is here."
"Not hungry," said Dean, grabbing his half-full plate. "I'll save it for later. I gotta help set up anyway. Nobody else can ever seem to remember how to hook up the damn projector cables."
"Would you like this one too?" said Cas. He added, "It's the mate to the one you've already got. Off the other wing."
"You're sick, dude," says Sam. He's fiddling with his phone, trying to place a call to someone. "Like, regular sick. I think you got the flu or something. Damn, I should've known when you started coughing. And by how super crabby you've been. I knew something had to be wrong, but I thought you were just exhausted."
"Nothing," said Dean, a little weakly.
, man. I'm so friggin' tired...." He shook his head, but then his gaze sharpened, and he leaned forward a little to lock eyes with Dean again. "But, the other thing is, Dean,
Both Dean and Cas are silent now, both gazing at the hat in Cas's hands. Cas turns it around a little, regarding it thoughtfully.
"Right," says Dean. It takes a huge effort to keep his face neutral. He turns back to the pot. "It's not impossible."
Castiel's heart plummeted at the thought of her out there alone in the night. He turned to Dean and said, "Dean, I need your help. I have to find Claire. Will you help me?"
. We wanted YOU, Sam. Because we want you to join us!" Her eyes flickered then, changing to a seamless, bottomless black, whites and irises both gone. Dean, still shielded well back in the willows, could see the change in eye color even from where he was heading. Even from here it was unsettling, and poor Sam's shock was palpable. He tried to take a reflexive, horrified step away from Ruby, but she hung onto his arm, grinning up at him like a ghoul. Sam looked helplessly at the others. Crowley's eyes went black too, and then Mr. Azazel, CEO of Alaska Petroleum, let out a lazy laugh, his own eyes flickering to a horrifying amber-yellow.
Sam pointed out, "Aside from being unable to even sit up or speak more than two words at a time."
Dean remembered, lowering his pistol yet again. On one of those two bear-occasions, the grizzly had just walked right on through with barely a pause — as if Kupaluk, and all its trucks, people and trailers, were only a mildly distracting roadside sight on the way to somewhere else. The other bear had been more worrisome, sniffing around for a while and clearly curious, but some warning shots had driven it away, and it had never come back.
"There's not much utility," says Sam, "except there's this one place in where they mention putting grace back
"It's strange, you know... " Castiel says. "Because, I already lost my wings. I already lost my feathers. This shouldn't matter. It shouldn't matter if I lose my hair too, or any other part; it should feel like it's just the vessel, that it's not really me. But it
Dean and Sam actually do head back to their motel room later on Monday evening. They even try to get an early night's sleep, dutifully following Sarah's advice. But Dean ends up lying in his bed wide awake, listening to Sam's slow snoring.
it, I know it
"I'm not backing up," points out Sam, "because I'm not an idiot. But
"Is there something magic about your hand? Are you making a magical wish or something? It feels so good."
"I feared you both might have left town already," said Jimmy, almost choking on the uncomfortably high speaking pitch. "I was driving around looking for your car. I wanted to talk to you. My name is Jimmy Novak—"
, Cas's shoulders drop a little, as if he's just remembered that he can't.
Dean said, slowly, "Over Atigun in
. He's up there in Heaven. He's still Bobby; he still remembers us. That's huge to know — gigantic, really. I mean, maybe we'll even see him again."
. Crowley wasn't kidding when he said Stone Age — this is dawn-of-time stuff. Seriously old-school. Elegua's one of a bunch of gods from WAY back, when we were all just running around with bows and arrows and loincloths." Sam leaned back in his chair and said, "You know how a ton of cultures have a different pagan god for each natural force? Goddess of the ocean, god of fire, goddess of fertility, all that kind of thing?"
"Tell Jason to meet us in Kansas," said Dean. "Call him and tell him."
, Cas kept thinking.
That sardonic look was on Gabriel's face already, the inevitable sarcastic smirk already quirking up a corner of his mouth as he took in the way Cas's head was slumped on Dean's shoulder, the way Cas's hand was so loosely splayed over Dean's waist. Gabriel's eyes even traced up and down the path of that long sheet of velvety warmth that seemed to be lying all across Dean's body by now — could Gabriel see the wings?
Rowena looks insulted. "
One hour passed, then two; and then three. The afternoon wore on. A rectangle of sunlight from the window moved across the bare wooden floor, and then gradually began to slide up onto the wall. It wasn't until a robin outside began singing its sunset song, all the other birds having fallen silent, that Cas realized it was, in fact, nearly sunset— nearly six o'clock. Dean had been asleep for almost four hours.
Claire hated those clothes, so Jimmy never wore them. But he still kept them, in the back of his closet. He couldn't even remember where they'd come from, or why he had them; but he kept them, and he looked at them now and then. Today, as he often did, he gazed at them for a good part of a minute, running his fingers over the lapels of the coat.
can't be alone on Christmas, Mom." Jody gives Dean a little grin. "Hard to resist those two when they start throwing in the Mom word, to be honest. It seems like they're worried about me being alone or something, isn't that silly? Anyway, they said you'd told them you'd all be fine."
Suddenly Crowley looked a little uncertain. "Ah..." he said, stroking his chin. "Been a while since I spoke to him, actually...  I think he goes by Anthony now?"
After a few months, she'd also started making him pick her up two blocks away from school, rather than right in front of the school. It had taken Jimmy a surprisingly long time to realize that this was so that her friends wouldn't see him.
Cas gave a quiet sigh. His eyes remained closed.
It felt a little strange to be considering going up there. Dean had never actually been up to Cas's room. Not for the entire time Cas had been there. Dean had been sick most of that time, of course, and that had been a good excuse for not going up, but...  well, he'd been a little reluctant to go up, was the truth.
Dean sat slowly down on the edge of Cas's bed, but then found himself looking at the floor, biting his lip. Setting both hands on his knees, he paused a long moment, a little unsure how to start.
There was an outside chance the dreams could possibly have meant something, maybe?
"Yep, nothing the bigwigs love like 'outreach,'" Dean said, waggling his fingers to make mocking air-apostrophes.
Yes. Tiny green leafbuds, just beginning to open. And down on the ground, in a nearby tussock, four or five tips of green were poking up from the brown frozen clump of last year's sedge grasses. The new growth had started. It gave the faintest touch of green to the open areas, like a faint blush of life starting to creep over what had seemed a frozen wasteland.
fine," he insists. "Actually, I do enjoy pizza. I particularly liked that pepperoni one; I've been sort of wanting a little more. And I won't be able to eat it later, so let's eat it now." He's quiet a moment, staring down at the hats now, and finally he says, "Dean, this wasn't really a surprise. All along I've felt that something was... I don't know, different. About this illness. As if this were fated."
. Look, I
speak with you I had to bring you both here to this dream. My worry, though, is that the guardians may detect that we're communicating this way. They'll overhear us sooner or later — dreams can be overheard, as you both know — and they may be able to home in on us. So I may have to cut this short and move you to another place—"
Where was the baby parrot? Was it lost? Had it starved?
Again Gabriel's eyes flicked over the space where the shadowy warmth was, the space that must be occupied by Cas's wings.
It was three in the afternoon. Dean had come running over an hour earlier, only to find Sam sitting with his laptop in the little waiting room that he'd been banished to. Dean had told him the whole dream story, and Sam was now doing a little research online, on the hospital's wi-fi, trying to find out it were possible to do dream-communication with a fallen angel if you fell asleep praying to them from just two blocks away. (Dean felt no need at all to do any research on this point; the answer seemed clear.)
"You want me to come on your feather?" Dean whispers over his shoulder. "That what you want, angel? You want me to jizz
Most of Sam's gear had been lost or ruined by the fire. The shotgun was long gone. The water bottles had melted and burst. Dean dug a water bottle out of his own pack and held it to Sam's mouth, trying to keep his own hands from shaking. There were some pain pills, too, in Dean's little med kit; he gave Sam a fistful of those, knowing full well that they wouldn't do a damn bit of good. He thought of making a token effort at dressing Sam's wounds, too, but all he seemed able to do was stare at Sam's horribly burned arm and shoulder for a while, thinking,
Dean had heard this all before, in bits and pieces. A lot of the key work had been done right here at Kupaluk. It was a given, in Alaska, that global warming was real; nobody with boots on the ground, or boots on the melting permafrost and vanishing pack ice to put it more precisely, could have any doubt. Maybe the city folks down in the lower forty-eight and the doofuses in DC still had the luxury of arguing about it, but up here in the Arctic the question had been settled for years. But somehow Dean had never heard the big picture put so bluntly.
Sam's consent?"
"Yeah," Sam agreed. "But, like Marcos said—"
, he thought, over and over.
"I'm not done talking to you," said Jimmy. "What's your name, anyway? It's not George Bailey, is it?" He took a step closer, and a flicker of confusion passed over George's face as he registered how close Jimmy was standing.
, of all things; a simple plastic pocket-comb. Castiel blinked, but let the doppelganger comb his hair down rapidly.
For a moment Dean's slightly hurt by this — that is, until he realizes that Cas has still got that classic evasive look of his. Not about the book anymore, it seems, but about something else. And after a few moments' thought, Dean's pretty sure he knows why.
, ok? And now I'm gonna find my friend." He straightened up, took another big breath and yelled, "CAS?! CAS, CAN YOU HEAR ME??"
Cas hesitates, glancing at Dean. And then Dean remembers that Castiel actually
Cas turns around, genuinely startled. "I'm not
Cas, somehow? Some kind of a reverse-prayer?
"Cool, cool," said Dean, nodding. "Don't want you to get hurt, after all."
Dean looked at him blankly, too overwhelmed to even know what questions to begin to ask.
"Rainbow feathers," said Sam, with a little laugh. "Nice, Dean."
Claire stares at Castiel for a long moment.
up," orders Dean. "I mean, take a walk if you want — a
It was a nice place, really it was, conservative, but classy at the same time. Guitar in the corner beside another large shelving unit stacked with old vinyl records, CDs, cassettes, an impressive stereo system and more photographs Dean didn’t take the time to stop and examine. There were his keys, in a bowl on the end of the countertop that extended into the main room beside a set he didn’t recognize with a large yellow foam fish keychain, one of those floaty ones that were supposed to keep your keys from sinking if you drop them in water.
The girl whimpers, judders and her eyes move, meet Dean's and hold.
"I love you, Dean..."
Drip.
His t-shirt was rucked up around his neck and a few buttons from Cas's shirt went flying across the room-One landed in the pickle jar and Dean laughed, the sound caught between their lips. "Why you gotta wear such baggy clothes, huh?" He swept his hands up Cas's ribs and rubbed both nipples with his thumbs, entranced by the bow of his spine and how the knob of his throat bobbed as his head fell back. He wasn't sure when Cas had made it to his lap, or when they'd forgotten about the beer but it didn't matter. There was so much skin. Pale and every so often there was a little freckle, a tiny ridge of scar tissue, a surgical scar low on his right side and a few dimples below his sternum and along his side. Dean traced them with his fingertips, asked with the curl of his eyebrows and a low growl.
“No doubt… But I can handle this on my own.”
Cas looks at him, swallows, takes a drink and breathes out; "Cocky... Distant. You-You've never brought me lunch before... You get drunk, or we get drunk... It-" He took a steadying breath, "-Sometimes you... it felt like you didn't even see me, that I didn't matter. That I was just here taking up space and picking up your laundry... Sometimes it was like we were from two different worlds. Like I didn't even know you and you didn't care enough to know me." He swallowed and there was something dark and troubled in his eyes. "Sometimes you'd look at women and I'd wonder... What's stopping you from having that... Why are you HERE instead of chasing her?"
"We'll change that... We'll go places. It feels weird to me to stay in one place... My-My mom's happy, Sammy's happy. I figure I can fix things with him, I-I just need some time. You wanna go places, we'll go."
"Only one way to be sure," He draws the knife and brandishes it between them.
He turns the page curiously and the photos continue. It looks like Mexico, or southern Texas, right on the Gulf, he can't tell which. There are a few pictures of Cas and a brunette. Their faces are shaped similar enough that Dean's pretty sure this is Castiel's older sister. She's sitting on the lap of a large man with a long blonde ponytail and enough muscles that Dean thinks the guy could conceivably eat him for breakfast. The rest of the people aren't present enough in the images for Dean to think they were anything other than fellow patrons at the restaurant caught up in the excitement.
“Prove it.”
He doesn't reply, just makes his way out of the office and into the corridor where he first encountered the djinn.
Nothing.
He bends, winces at the pull in his back and takes one knife. When he's upright again Sam's whole expression has changed. There is genuine concern-guilt in his eyes and he's standing a lot closer than he was before.
“Killin brain cells, that’s all that matters…”
Dean gets drunk about two weeks later.
Cas looks at his watch, back to his computer screen then to Dean. It's obvious he doesn't, but he saves his work and closes the program anyway; "Yeah, sure."
She flinched, sighed tiredly and shifted on her feet, expression warming as the edges of her lips curled upward and without hesitation she spoke; “I told you angels were watching over you.”
They open up a register just for him, ask again if he doesn't want them to call someone and finally drop it when he says he'll be fine, really. Then he feels like an idiot when the cashier girl helps him put his groceries in the car and inadvertently sees the titty magazines he has in the trunk.
Sam shivered visibly with each breath, he didn't speak, had run out of words and there was such absolute terror in his eyes.
Dean ducked into the car a few times and stabbed a new cassette into the deck, flattened himself over the seat and tapped out the rhythm in midair with dangling feet.
Dean slams the car door and hunches in the front seat. Doesn’t say anything else.
Dean doesn't reply, intends to uphold his illusion of unconsciousness but then there's a touch, warmth. And he can smell Castiel's cologne. He's never smelled anything like it-Can't even find words in his head to describe it and a wide, rough palm pushes his hair back, soft lips on his cheek and the gentle prickle of a few stray hairs on his jaw.
“She stood up to your father when you told them you were bisexual… She made him apologize.”
Dean mumbled profanity under his breath and backed quickly out of the parking lot.
But Dean didn't hear him... His eyes were locked on the girl. The lifeless length of her hanging there, the soft puff of breath moving her dirty hair. "She didn't know where she was..."
He moves, thinks maybe he was wrong, maybe she is vengeful. The apartment isn't warded! There are no devil's traps, no salt lines and she's about to hurt-
Dean shrugged from under his hand as gently but quickly as he could; “Look, I—I just need some space.”
Dean smiled until the other man was gone, then scrubbed his mouth furiously with the collar of his t-shirt hoping to scratch away that weird warm sensation, did a shivering jig of confusion and discomfort across the room, then absolutely froze in his tracks when he caught sight of a frame in the corner above an extensive collection of religious texts.
It’s the next afternoon before he’s up and moving. Sam asks him what he wants to eat, he says fried chicken… and bring back some beer.
"Cas, man, you need clothes that fit-" And they were a tangle of limbs on the sheets, just rocking and feeling the flex of muscle under skin, the prickle of sweat in the dips of spines and curve of brows.
Come on, man, just do it. DO IT!
Dean can feel him staring, but feigns sleep just because he feels no desire to have a conversation this early in the morning.
He asks around if anybody knows about a death or disappearance at the college, sorority girl probably.
His hands were dry, caught and pulled, little bursts of pleasurepain from the un-eased friction.
The indulgence was gone, replaced by worry and she took a step forward, fingers tightening on the sleeves of her robe; “A stroke.”
"Cas..." The sound came out broken, needy. It scared him that such a sound had come from his mouth. Scared him that he had no control over it, no words to describe what he wanted, no experiences to gauge it against to even tell himself what he wanted. "Please-"
“At least tell me if it’s about Us or not.”
Dean sighed, “I’ve really got to go… Things I have to do—“
Dean muttered something, Sam couldn’t quite catch it, didn’t care to anyway and Dean ejected the tape, flipped on the radio and started crooning along slightly off key. Apparently it wasn’t Sam’s day because most of what played on the radio was on some of Dean’s tapes and he considered briefly finding his headphones and just submersing himself in something a little less… THAT.
It had stopped raining sometime between the djinn touching him and waking up, but passing under trees left big fat drops on the windshield and Dean gave the wipers a flick, eyes scanning street signs, ignoring blaring horns when he cut off someone in a minivan and kept on going, mumbling to himself directions he only vaguely remembered. He glanced at his watch, thirty minutes. He’d lost thirty minutes and his whole world had changed.
Acid trip, he couldn’t have picked a better comparison because now he’s coming down and he hasn’t felt something this bad since he was much younger and desperate for an escape. Sam’s name comes out in a rasp and Sam shushes him. Tells him he’s dehydrated, that he couldn’t wake him up for a second there.
There's nothing.
“I’ll just call Castiel and have him come pick you up, OK?” She looked disappointed but resigned as she reached for the phone.
“You’re irritable, you always get irritable if you don’t eat.”
The air rips into his lungs and out again but he can't make a sound, tenses and shudders, says 'fuckfuckfuck' with his lips but not his voice, all that really comes out is incoherent, stuttering, something almost pained and he curls inward while Cas pumps through it-groans softly in relief and gathers Dean close in those last few seconds before he finishes.
Dean swallowed with a measure of difficulty and started the engine. They drove in silence for a few minutes, Dean tapping out a rhythm on the steering wheel Cas just watching the scenery fly by.
Please don't hate me! *Hides*
Cas took a deep breath and stepped forward again hand cupping against Dean’s elbow; “Your mother called me back last night, told me you stayed over… That you were acting strangely. She asked me if you’d suffered a head injury. What’s wrong?”
Cas sighed and didn’t quite look him in the eye; “You know it doesn’t matter to me either way, you could have just said you wanted to top—“
“They had you pinned to a chain link fence in the parking lot. So, I… stopped them.”
When he turned around again his mother was looking at him critically, almost sadly.
Dean pushes himself up and stands there staring at her, teeth ground tight. She turns and walks away, down the hall toward the bedroom-toward Cas.
Castiel's face, up close from a low angle. He's wearing an 'I (Heart) NY' t-shirt and his cheeks are a little flushed from sleep, he's grinning.
It's quiet for almost half an hour, Sam yawns a few times, checks his phone, switches position and stretches his legs one after the other into the corners of the foot well. He eyes the crumpled, crusty napkins in distaste and Dean grins to himself but doesn't say anything.
He chokes on the water and Sam takes it away.
"What?" He swallowed his last few fries and washed them down with a single big gulp of his soda.
“You were under the influence.”
Castiel’s fist raised again, not a threat. A promise; “I know you. I’ve known you for years! You did this to your first boyfriend and you do this every time when you think too much on what your father said to you. You feel guilty for wanting something different, so you cut and run. You push your feelings down and you brush it under the rug. You throw lovers aside because you don’t have the courage to stop and let yourself become attached! Don’t you dare do that to me. Don’t you DARE!”
There are bodies-skeletons-rotted and writhing with maggots strung up by wet oozing wrists, jaws wide in silent eternal screams, frozen and bloodless. Tongues black and swollen, ruptured and suppurating, eyes sunken black prunes-
They don’t mention it after that. Sam keeps his mouth shut and contents himself with the fact his brother is still alive and kicking and a young woman is with her family.
Cas blinked, despair flipping quickly to rage and back to heartache; “What?”
It's going to take time to fix things with Sam. He's not sure how much time, but more than he has at the moment. He's gonna have to do this himself. Sure. Yeah! It'll be easy. She doesn't look like she's angry, she's just... she just wants to be found. It's not common, but it's happened before. She wants her killer to be stopped.
"Since when do you want to do the shopping? You hate shopping."
He can't... Really, he can't. His mouth opens and wan little gulps of sound come out but anything louder chokes him. Instead he reaches up, forms his hand to the back of Cas's head and draws him down. Folds himself up so they can kiss. Please... please, don't make me. I can't-
“I’m a corporate accountant that was bullied mercilessly as a child, I’m not a ‘badass’.”
“Can we not talk about this?”
"Yeah, nothin'."
He’s cold, curled in on himself in the motel bed one hand tangled in Sam’s shirtfront, the other pinned to the bed. Sam’s eyes are wide, fearful and he has his palm cupped over Dean’s forehead.
Dean nods, snorts; "Bitch," and watches the expression on Sam's face go from confident to kicked puppy in zero point two seconds.
A sigh and he arched his hips off the seat, pulled out his wallet and handed Dean an ATM card, "Whatever... Just remember we're on a budget, alright?"
His eyes were like starlight and worn denim. Familiar, constant, comfortable. They'd been there his whole life and it was like just having those words opened the floodgates in his chest. He leaned into it fully, caught Cas by surprise and just kissed him. Felt air rip into and out of his lungs through flared nostrils and fingers bit into his scalp, angling his head for better access, scraping over the place below his ear and latching on, bitesucklick until he could feel it pulsing along with his heartbeat as Cas's mouth moved on, hands pushing at his shirts, yanking open snaps and demanding, taking.
"You want the truth?" He'd be smiling if it didn't feel like such shit.
Voicemail, dammit.
"I'm here-"
Dean's lips tilt up and he meets Cas's eyes again, noting the nervous hopefulness in his expression; "Somethin' like that."
The dry cleaning is simple. In and out, he pays in cash. All it winds up being is a few of Cas's suits, pressed and clean and smelling like chemicals and 'flowers'. Dean puts them in the back seat and gets lost on the way back to their place, manages to find it because the address is on his driver's license and pretends he did it intentionally.
“This is your big homophobic ‘freak out’ everyone’s been warning me to watch out for,” He actually made quotation marks with his fingers.
"I'm not goin' to a rubber room, Sammy and we got work to do."
“I think I would… frighteningly enough.”
The DJ came on, mentioned something about her daughter’s graduation next week and All Request Late Night.
Nothing else mattered but this.
It's uncomfortable, feels a little disgusting and stings-holyshitFUCK that stings. His face contorts and Cas shushes him again, helps him to his feet and they stumble naked and numb to the bathroom.
He fell asleep sprawled on the sofa with a photo album on his chest and woke slowly only a few short hours later, at first he was unsure where he was, shocked a second time by images of his family together and whole when his memories told him otherwise.
His breath caught in his throat and everything burned, pulsed, constricted painfully, so tight and hot and his vision blurred as he pulled back; unable to continue the contact, unable to continue inundating himself with the subtle citrus scent of her so close and so real because part of him just wanted to sink into nothing between her arms and weep.
There is one more chapter in part one. Should I do a series thing with it or put it all here?
Drip.
“Well—“
They weren’t that bright electric blue of the djinn, weren’t quite like the sky or the sea, those colors always made him feel cold and distant anyway, this was something different.
They're sitting on a boat. The sun is shining, Dean's skin is slightly burned and freckled. Cas is tanned all over, BRONZED- and who the hell knew the little guy was packin' THAT under his baggy shirts and silk ties?
Oh, God.
“It’s worth it, Dean. It is… No, it’s not fair, yanno and it hurts like hell but it’s worth it.”
There are some nights while Sam is doing research and Dean’s asleep that he hears his brother mumble something. Hushed and pulled thin in his usually gruff voice, Sam isn’t sure what to think of it, tries to ignore it but the sound is haunting and he finds himself afraid of it because he knows what it means, knows how close he came to losing his brother to it.
“Castiel just called and said you just took off all of a sudden.”
He let out a breath and narrowed his eyes; "I don't understand, why are you doin' this?"
Nothing he remembered, nothing he'd f ought- bled and almost died for even existed here. Nothing he'd ever done that had mattered one fucking bit was here.
Cas smiles, it sounds radiant; "Don't tempt me."
The lump in the bed beside him was unexpected. A body curled and half hidden in the quilt, a long pale arm poking out from under a pillow, a pair of glasses dangling from the limp grip of long fingers.
0-0-0
Sam says it like it leaves a bad taste in his mouth and looks back at him like he expects to be taunted. "Because you're still my brother."
Women tried for eye contact, wanted to watch and know they were doing it right. Cas didn't need that reaffirmation, didn't need the subtle directory hints of flexed facial features to know what he was doing was exactly what Dean liked. He knew already. Didn't have to ask. There was no awkwardness, no coaxing. Dean didn't have to mumble praises, 'just like that, baby, that-that's perfect'. He didn't know if he would have been capable of it even if he'd wanted to, all his energy was focused on not thrusting up, not clawing into that thick dark hair, not bowing his head and moaning loud, lust thick obscenities.
“Who?”
0-0-0
"You can get it at the gas station on your way home so no one sees you."
The grip around his throat was cold, stone like but he struggled anyway, light tilted up into electric blue eyes, staring at a face that was all too human under patterns like tattoos. The markings gave the djinn a sinister appearance even while its expression remained passive, indifferent. He was lifted bodily off the ground by his neck and thumped back against the wall hard enough to rattle his teeth—not enough to injure but enough to knock the breath out of him.
Cas doesn't use force and oversensitivity to try and get noises out of him after that, bows his head and sinks back into the rhythm of it, spreads his knees so he can move and hugs Dean's thighs to his chest with one arm, wraps the other hand around his dick, still slick with a little extra lube. The pull and twist is easy, second nature, all part of the ride.
If this was real… If the djinn had really given this to him, where did Castiel come into it? Dean had never pictured himself with a guy before. He’d been curious enough to check out some guyonguy porn, show him a guy who hadn’t been curious before, but never to the extent that he’d looked at another man and said; ‘Damn, I want that,’ so what was it then, that made this one different? That would make Dean take notice of him. What was so different about him that HE was the one?
He snatched up the clothes from the floor relieved his phone was still in his jeans pocket and left the bedroom as quickly as he could, stuck one leg through the denim then the other, yanked them up as he walked, leaned his shoulder against the wall as he pulled on his socks and shoes and pulled his phone from between his teeth, holding the power button down until it rebooted.
Strawberry Fields, sneaker shod feet against 'Imagine' in blue letters lightly dusted with snow. Quite a few pictures of Cas crouching down and feeding pretzels to a squirrel the size of a football. Dean's face too close, his smile too wide, eyes too bright. It looks like they're running from something, Cas is visible just over his shoulder, teeth exposed in a wide almost panicked grimace.
“Dean, I don’t understand—“
His hand lifts, handle of the knife pointed outward and meets all their eyes one last time, feels that warmth in his chest when Cas's fingers slip from his and his head tilts just a fraction to the side-
Dean's heart squeezes and he turns away, presses his forehead into the wall and digs his nails into his scalp, shakes with barely withheld fury.
Dean claps a hand over his brother's mouth, pulls him back and out of sight as the thing stalks forward. Sam goes willingly, quakes where Dean's still restraining him and the djinn stares at where they'd been just moments ago, tilts its head up and sniffs the air, pulls it over its tongue, cat like, scenting them. After a moment it breathes out a growl and retreats up the stairs they're hiding beneath.
"Nothin'... Just think maybe we should go back."
Cas stopped and his expression became plainly disgruntled. “This is it, isn’t it.”
It was a factory complex of some sort, most likely steel works or iron judging by the size and age, graffiti covered some corners and walls, some of the windows were covered in soot and dirt and grime, others were broken out and water dripdripdripped off slanted roofs and sagging gutters. It was a testament to the Midwest, industry lost to decay, the American Dream of yesteryear left to rot by its children.
“No.”
It wasn't like the pictures, images of events conjured into being but never experienced. This was real, very real...
He doesn't think it is... It's one thing to be OK with what's happening, but he doesn't have to moan and thrash about it. He's not a woman, it's not ne-
Dude… You’re holding another dude’s hand.
It comes as a shock when Cas just-just slips in, it burns, maybe even still hurts a little, but it's not bad. It's really not that bad. They lay together for a few minutes breathing, whispering trying to be quiet like maybe someone will hear them and take the good of this away. Cas keeps one hand on his hip and both legs folded under him supporting Dean's lower back, lets him ease his legs up until there's no strain and it feels effortless again, knees on Cas's shoulders, feet dangling into space somewhere behind his head. It keeps blood flowing to Dean's brain so it feels less like he's about to pass out from sheer mental overload.
“Dude, can you turn on the radio at least? I mean, give me some variety if you’re gonna be performing Karaoke all night.”
Dean swallowed, felt ice water in his veins, tried to ignore the fact some guy was pressing his dick suggestively into his thigh—“Yeah—“ His voice sounded high pitched, awkward like it had when he was going through puberty; “Yeah, just—uh—just give me a minute, okay?”
“A car accident?”
“Is it secret?”
Dean looked at him, crouched there, half in the floor, half sprawled over his legs and swallowed the dryness in his throat; "You-You've got... on your tie."
His beer is still on the coffee table, its warm but it is his favorite so he drinks it anyway, sets the remaining four bottles in the fridge and eases down onto the couch, hips angled to the side because Damn.
Sam grumbles under his breath as he climbs out, bunches his shoulders up like he thinks this whole place is disgusting and they head toward the door.
Cas breathed them back, met his eyes and let Dean take them in.
A gray haired man with a goatee stared at him disapprovingly as Dean shoved past him on the side walk and into the street. He almost started running, his mind wasn’t working, was an empty sucking void through which there was only one constant, what that picture had shown him changed everything and nothing else mattered but that. His hands shook as he jabbed the key in the lock, slid behind the wheel and had the ignition turned before he’d even shut the door.
“And your family’s OK with you being—with you being gay?”
Sam pushes past him. His eyes are wide and his mouth is hanging open. "Dean? What's going on?"
A light flickers on to his left and Dean flinches when the water hits his face.
She's young, late teens-early twenties. Dark hair, dark eyes, white shirt, skirt and shoes. Most likely a sorority pledge. He saw her first in front of the student center, on the sidewalk. It's likely that's where she disappeared from.
“He held it against you, but he didn’t kick you out. She wouldn’t let him…”
Sam pulls him again; "Okay, yeahyeahyeah, you're right, I was wrong, you're not crazy, but we-we... we need to get out of here fast-"
He didn’t know… but he didn’t say that. “I just—I don’t… feel like I know you at all.”
Dean stared at him, trying to glare him down, intimidate him into backing off… But Cas just stared back as if he didn’t quite grasp the concept of dominating someone with your eyes. Or maybe he just didn’t care… Maybe it didn’t work on him or something—who cared.
Cas takes another picture of him, drowsy and grinning, sets the camera aside and lays there with the light on looking at him.
He wakes up sometime around eight thirty to Cas just petting a hand up and down his back. He can feel the electric charge of his stare but doesn't want to move, doesn't want to open his eyes; "Take a picture... las'longer."
Cas's face lights up and there... that's it. THAT is a smile. Just a hint of teeth. It's the same expression from the beach picture. Not the fake one he had pinned to the wall of his cubicle, the real one.
Of course, THAT would be when the professor opened his door and motioned them in.
Dean stood rigid, staring at the ceiling, arms up and curled into fists in shock. He could feel his heart beating a mile a minute against his ribcage. There was a strange dude hug him. A strange dude who knew his name and had been fucking sleeping beside him in this weird ass place— Cas shuffled his feet, scuffing his prickly cheek against Dean’s t-shirt and Dean nearly shoved him away when the smaller man pressed his hips into Dean’s with sleepy intent. “Come back to bed?”
“My family is too engrossed in its own internal conflicts to care. I haven’t spoken to anyone but my older sister in a long while, so the point is moot.”
He’s relieved when Sam tells him the girl has a very good chance of recovering.
He pushes himself up and tiptoes carefully back into the bedroom, picks up Cas's laptop off the desk and hobbles out again. It's his personal laptop so the chances of Dean breaking the password are... oh. The welcome screen has his name on it too. Okay... The password turns out to be the Impala's VIN number, he gets it on the second try, first choice his favorite brand of beer. The Internet Browser is easy to find.
Dean took a deep breath and carefully checked the intersection before he crossed it, foot pressing slowly on the accelerator.
“What?” Dean glanced at him warily.
“Do I?''
"What?"
That worked.
"So, you think somebody's in there?"
His brows furrowed and he reached down confused and reluctant of the intrusion- He wasn't sure what his hand was there to do, stop it? Help maybe? He pulled his hand back self-consciously to tangle in his own hair because it-God, that felt good. He clamped his eyes shut and gripped the steering wheel to ground himself. This felt different, muscles in his legs and abdomen were tightening, his spine curling into the stimulation. Everything felt like it was locking up, his heart beat hard in his chest, his balls drew up tight-Too fast, Cas, Cas it's happening too fast-Jesus, Cas toodamnfastOHGODtoomuch shitshit-"Oh, fuck-" His breath caught in his throat and he caged it in his chest, ground his teeth and hissed while Cas swallowed, hand on his hip keeping him down, pressing up inside him and rubbing-swallowingswallowing-Too much-
Dean takes a step back, knows that look in Sam's eye and expects a punch.
He can't breathe... is transfixed-hypnotized by the light.
Sam's eyebrows go up like he's growing a migraine and singing it lullabies so it matures just right. "I can't believe we're even related."
“Do you think they can really do it?” Dean met his eyes evenly.
Dean looks back at him; "Stay behind me and keep your mouth shut."
Everything looks dark, dim and... and-
"I can work with that," Dean could more than work with that.
The constant musical drip of water was everywhere, from all sides, dissonant, no rhythm or reason. Dean swallowed the tightness in his throat and breathed through the adrenaline, pushed it down, eased his foot forward slowly, rolling his steps to silence them and cocked the fist holding his knife out, ready to swing, eyes flicking back and forth, ears strained.
There was a doorway, open and leading into a hallway, dimly lit by some lamp or something left on in another room, glowing amber. The hardwood continued into and Dean could see the back of a chair and his jacket draped over it.
“The body—What about the body?”
“Cas, man, really—“
Castiel nodded and narrowed his eyes thoughtfully. “Can I do other things to your balls?”
Cas grunted and followed him inside.
Edith and Eddy were twenty-two, twins, olive complexion and dark hair. Their specialty was fae creatures; brownies and redcaps and gnomes, not the big game. They’d thought this case was something entirely different and had been baffled by the security camera footage of one girl’s ‘father’ with reflecting eyes picking her up early.
"Nothin."
Cold.
Cas spoke evenly, said Sylvia—some woman he apparently worked with—had invited them out for drinks on Saturday. That Maurice would be there too so Dean didn’t have to worry about a lack of conversation. He grinned again, that little half cock of his lips. “We could decline, pick up a couple six-packs, stay home and watch that monster movie marathon they’ve been showing every evening,” He took a drink of his coffee and met Dean’s eyes again, slow, purposefully. “Or… yanno.”
There were photos of himself, little and scrawny sitting on a blanket with plump drooling baby Sam, parties and grinning faces under Christmas trees, laughing around the kitchen table with Easter Egg dye on their fingertips; John looking tired but grinning with little Sam standing on his knees, tiny white teeth shining. Little League Baseball games, soccer uniforms and muddy cheeks, family pick-nicks and sleeping on the couch; John leaned back with his head on a cushion, Sam on his chest, Dean with his head on his father’s thigh. Mom and Sam standing on the curb, Sam looking doubtfully at a school bus Dean was already climbing onto.
“Later.”
Electricity buzzes in too fragile wires and his hands feel swollen, cold and blood filled.
Sam's eyes bore into his own, he looks real. He sounds real, the hands that had shaken him until his teeth rattled felt real... Mom had felt real, so had Jess and... And Cas.
But Castiel doesn't push, doesn't even ask, just leaves the door open incase Dean changes his mind.
Dean, apparently is the lump because now the blankets are pulled back and he's looking at his own sleeping face, palm mashed into his cheek, lips parted, lashes fanned on his cheeks. His hair is a mess and his skin is pink from sleep warmth. It's weird seeing himself asleep, he thinks he looks strangely vulnerable and he's not sure he likes it. If he'd found out someone was taking sleeping pictures of him before the djinn he would have had a problem with it. Below it is another photo of the same thing but now Dean's eyes are open and he's looking into the camera without really seeing it.
Her face was so hurt, so confused and his gut twisted, but he had to do it. This could just be some creature with his mother’s face and he HAD TO KNOW.
"Didn't it have labels or something?" says Sam. "Didn't you look at his chart? Or talk to his doc? Didn't you say you called his doc's office or something, last night? Cause once we know what kind of chemo it is, then—"
"What?"
"Can I check the other one?" said Dean.
And there it is. She
thoughts have started, it turns out that they won't shut up. It's like some kind of "Now let's think full-time about nothing but cancer" mode has kicked on, like an unwelcome visitor knocking insistently on the door, and the little voice in Dean's head keeps going
"Definite plus," said Sam, nodding. "Appreciate that." Sam seemed to have found his stride already, accepting the reality of both dragon-Cas and dream-human-Cas without hesitation, but Dean still found himself just barely able to focus on one fact at a time.
His hand doesn't go anywhere sensitive. That is, he doesn't go below the waist. (Rather to Dean's regret.) But he certainly goes everywhere else. He moves slowly, sliding his fingers with excruciating laziness back and forth. His fingertips drift all over Dean's chest, up and down and side to side, exploring every inch.
Dean managed to get his jacket wedged under Cas's head, to serve as a pillow.
He stopped.
"I told you I'm fine," said Cas again.
, he reminds himself, he's fine (
Gabriel."
By the time they both finally turned back to the screen again, Dean had managed to school his expression into a cheerful, accepting grin.
"Claire—"
Cas's voice floated into his head:
"And all the other angels too," Sam added a moment later. (Dean decided not to pry.) "Balthazar and Anna. All of them." Sam clicked the iPad off. He was silent a little while longer, and finally said, a little softly, "Maybe it's really over."
He checked the upper lip again, running his finger very slowly along it. Cas's lips were just... so...
He looked a little embarrassed.
Dean carried Castiel all the way across the meadow, following Cas's faint trail. Dean carried Castiel through grasses and wildflowers. He carried Castiel past bees droning in the daisies, past sparrows flitting around in the shrubs.
Dean looks at him for a long moment, and Dean thinks,
A minute later Dean's walking down the hall past Sam's room, and gently nudging Cas's bedroom door open. He flicks the light on and stands in the doorway looking around. It's a simple room, not much decoration. Bed, dresser, desk, chair. The closet door's ajar, the Lesser Trenchcoat just visible in the back, where it's been hanging quietly for a while now.
Sam suggested, "How about we get out of sight? Just for starters?" He pointed to a big snow drift just ahead, a five-foot-tall pile by the edge of the parking lot. Cas nodded, and all three of them scuttled behind the drift, ducking their heads down to keep out of view.
"Or Mars," says Dean. "Or Purgatory or something."
As he had done with every blow Dean had struck, Cas was evaluating all the options even while Dean was still only halfway through delivering the blow. Cas saw two ways to turn the knife against Dean and stab him. Both would likely be fatal; Cas discarded those options. He saw another opportunity to wound Dean, by grabbing the blade and, if he were lucky, if his injured arm could still hold the blade, swiveling to cut across the tendons in Dean's knee. Cas nearly took that option, but then realized it might cripple Dean permanently, and he let that one go too. He saw not one, not two, but
"If we just have one day," whispered Dean to him, his eyes still closed, "I want that one day. Wherever the hell we are. Whatever the hell shape you are. Whatever happens."
he thought, still stroking the wing lightly, watching in a sort of mesmerized, stunned fascination as the waves of soft golden glow flowed like liquid down the feather-shafts.
"I gotta clean the guitar," Dean said.
Cas gave a grudging nod. "But it doesn't look that way to her. And she doesn't even know why, or what I was trying to accomplish. She doesn't know about Lucifer or the Apocalypse. All she knows is that her whole life was destroyed. By me. And, Dean, these last few months, she's been such a good d—" Cas stopped.
crash of thunder," protests Cas. "It only caused a few
This was shaping up into an A/U idea, of course, but as I was not yet writing or reading fanfiction, I didn't know that A/U's were a thing. So I didn't know what to do with this idea, and I sat on it for a long time. Later, while writing another fic (Flight), an idea emerged that Castiel could, if necessary, conceal his wings in a backpack. From that motif sprang the idea that Cas would be working on the tundra partly because he has been stuck with physical wings that could not go invisible - that he needed to keep wearing a backpack to keep his wings hidden. Fieldwork would give him a plausible reason to always have a backpack on. Maybe he'd even been exiled up there and couldn't leave. Why would he have been exiled? What could have happened to his wings? Well, the other angels must have done something to him, of course. And why would they do that? It had already become clear, as the years went on and the tundra kept changing and the birds started suffering seasons of 100% nest failure, that a slow-motion disaster was creeping over the tundra. Many times I've thought about climate change as a gradual apocalypse. I started to think, "Raphael and Michael and Lucifer should've all just gotten out of the way and let us humans destroy the planet on our own. That would have been a more reliable Apocalypse than the whole demon-baby plan."  And so the fic came together.
"N-no..." said Cas. "No, I started to want... other things. But it wasn't allowed."
It's jolting to think of it now — now that Dean knows who Chuck really was all along, that is. Had Chuck just been laughing at them the whole time? Had he
understands?" she said. She was silent a moment. "But, the thing is, I know I should have figured it sooner. And the worst thing is,
Too late, Dean remembers that Wednesday doesn't work at all.
"Doesn't matter where he lives or who he's with. He'll always be family. He'll always come if you need him."
Cas was completely mute for the rest of the arm-brace fitting, staring at the floor the whole time, while Dean fidgeted in a near-agony in the corner. But before the brace fitting was even done, Cas had started to get pretty bleary-eyed from the meds. Dean and the nurse managed to steer him out toward the Impala; Cas was swamped with sleepiness halfway there and they barely got him into the car. Cas was drifting off to sleep in the passenger seat before Dean had even got Cas's door closed.
There were three of them. There weren't just two.
"Yeah," said Sam, after a slightly worrisome pause. He scrubbed one hand over his face and ran his fingers through his hair. "Yeah, sure."
Not only present tense but goddam
Gabriel walked up behind them. "I'm starting to see why Raphael was trying to keep the three of you apart," he commented. "That was actually rather impressive." His eyes narrowed, then, looking at something beyond them. "Heads up, though, we're not done yet. Sammy, my boy, if you're out of ammo you might want this—" Gabriel tossed something to Sam with a lazy underhand throw. Sam caught it with one hand and then stared down at it blankly.
The huge speeding clouds were actually rather beautiful, but the waves of cold and shadow were starting to seem a little worrisome. Even the longspurs and savannah sparrows that had been singing all around seemed to go silent with each wave of shadow. It definitely felt a little less like spring, and a little more like winter. Just how bad was this "system" going to get?
"Cas?" whispered Dan in the dream, just as he had in real life. "Cas?" When he said it a third time it was no longer a question. "
The feather's not there, of course — it's in his jacket now, out there in the snow in the real world, and apparently no version of it has followed Dean into the Veil — but Cas sees the motion of Dean's hand, and his huge blue eyes widen.
He jerked and spun, looking all around. There was nobody there.
but Dean knew the real message was,
"Dean?" said Sam. "Are we going to... bury... Cas?" This was a relief; Sam had been gearing himself to have to convince Dean that Cas should be buried soon.
that was starting to drone away in the back of his mind. For none of this conversation would make Claire happy— that was becoming very clear.
"That was a one-off," says Dean. Keeping his voice very low, so that Cas won't hear, he whispers, "He doesn't have much power now. Or, any, really. He gave everything he had to Emily."
"I'm sure."
Castiel?"
And the animals, of course, were all doing the same, taking full advantage of the warmth and the light. Even now a fat brown arctic ground squirrel, fresh out of his hibernation burrow, was sitting up alertly at the crest of a nearby little pingo, barking a warning call at Dean.
Cas smiled. "They all survived. Balthazar, Anna, the other angels and the orishas. Some injuries, but apparently after we went down the thread, the Darkness-smoke gave up the battle almost immediately. That particular battle, at least. Apparently we were gone for many months after that, and the Darkness-spheres kept causing trouble the whole time, though never with quite such a dramatic battle. But then two days ago...." He paused. "The Darkness simply disappeared. Completely. Hannah said she had the impression that the whole firmament of Heaven tightened up somehow. That's how she put it: tightened up. And the Darkness sort of lost its hold and simply... blew away."
"Really?"
Dean keeps it up till Cas at last falls asleep. And then Dean sets down the mug, curls up at Cas's side, and sleeps too.
he thought one night, walking home at two in the morning with his shoulders hunched against a thin drizzly fog.
He sounds so confused that Dean literally has to bite his tongue to keep himself from saying "I haven't had a chance to blow Cas yet." Dean swallows back that unwise phrase, and his throat now seems to be getting so tight that he wonders if he's about to choke, or might be having some kind of peculiar heart attack. But he finally manages to continue with, "But... the point is, uh... there's, y'know, something going on, I guess. And I wouldn't mind if... uh.... if the something continues. I mean, I wouldn't mind, is all I'm saying, though, uh, I don't know what he wants really. Honestly, I think he's just in this carpe-diem frame of mind or something, cause, I mean, I don't think I'm all
"Okay," she said, watching him walk past. "Dad, you look a little... " She hesitated. "Distracted."
And again.
Dean hasn't heard from him in days. Cas has sent a text. All on his own.
Sam and Dean stared at each other for a moment.
Dean worked one hand down into Cas's feathers and stroked Cas's warm skin. The familiar faint rumble of a purr shook Dean's feet slightly.
, thought Dean again. Or rather, full-powered angels didn't get cold. What about an angel who had just used all the last of his power to warm up somebody else? Would that angel end up human? Could the loss of power actually drain the angel's own body heat?
Dean and Sam exchange a grim look.
They had a few more wildlife sightings. At one broad turn in the road a huge black raven went flying just overhead, its glossy dark wings drawing Dean's eye. About ten years ago he'd had a somewhat spooky dream about dark wings, a dream that had lingered with him for the whole rest of that summer, his fourth season at Kupaluk. It hadn't actually been much of a dream, just sort of a fuzzy and confusing vision of black wings in a barn, but ever since he'd taken to noticing the black-winged ravens whenever they flew past camp.
The showers went fast, and soon they were both back in Cas's room dressing, shooting almost shy glances at each other as they got their pants back on. As Cas was starting to button up his shirt Dean said, "Allow me."
, Dean thought.
"Wait, stop," gasped Dean. "I'm close, but wait, not yet, not yet—" Cas paused, lifting his mouth of Dean's dick and as he looked up at Dean quizzically, the reality of it hit Dean hard. He and Castiel were actually finally fucking. Bi or gay, whatever he was,
and I seriously mean that. But yeah, Cas has a point about the warding. So... I can't believe I'm doing this..." He plucks the Thunderbird keys off a hook on the wall and tosses them to her. It actually feels good to see how eagerly Claire snatches the keys from the air, and she even lets out an actual whoop. She then casts a slightly guilty look over at her Subaru and adds, "I mean, I love the Subaru too."
"Yeah, west coast," said Sam, grabbing the post-it and swiveling to his computer, which was perched nearby on one of the side counters in the map-room. He started punching the numbers directly into Google as Dean watched over his shoulder. Sam said, "Forty-one north... Halfway up the coast or so. So it's probably northern California, you think?" They both had a pretty good feel for lat-long numbers after so many years criss-crossing the country.
"Jerk," Sam responded immediately. It made Dean laugh; it was the same old jerk-bitch exchange they'd fallen into on the plane. It was a like a shout-out to their childhood years. They really hadn't done that in ages.
Dean had never yet been able to say the words (the
Dean's laughter starts to fade away.
Soon Dean was trudging up the strange mountain again, once again praying to Castiel.
"You can take the coat off," Cas said.
And that meant... it probably had been the entity that had left all the "two to the left" signs. The two boulders, dragged with such obvious effort across that open field. Entire forests carefully burned down to reveal two last trees. Dean felt fairly sure that if he inspected the dragon's wings now, he would find two gaps. Gaps where two long, black, gold-tipped feathers had been pulled out, and stuck carefully in the ground, just to try to give Dean a message.
Or, at least, he never mentioned it.
Dean took another swallow while he tried to decide how best to fend off this line of questioning. He never talked about this much. Or at all, really. Several of the camp staffers had noticed that Dean was cautious about bears — Dean was the only person in camp who
Dean's still feeling quite shaken by the cancer discussion earlier (during which, he's slowly now realizing, Castiel once again somehow failed to provide any actual details). But Cas leans against his side, and Cas is warm and he's alive and he's right here, and eventually Dean puts an arm around him. Dean starts to relax a tiny bit, and hears himself let out a slightly shaky sigh.
"Oh, that's fine," said Cas, cheerily enough. "I was just... considering how to describe it. I have a... well, a shelter, you could call it. There's a small tent where I keep some extra supplies."
, Dean thinks.
But then there had been all the drawings of Dean, too.
But Dean still couldn't resist trying to give him some safety advice. "You do know there's semis that come down this road pretty fast, right?"
There isn't even all that much vomit this time (just enough to ruin the hat, it seems). Cas doesn't seem to have much left in his stomach to throw up, and the next bout of retching only brings up a thin stream of liquid. But the retching continues anyway, and his arms have started shaking, and it soon seems fairly likely that he's about to collapse face-down right into the brownie pan. At that point Dean realizes,
It occurred to Dean that maybe he could explain it all a little better to Cas, right now. Right now, via a prayer. So he said, out loud, "Cas, I, uh...."
"What memory?" said Sam.
"Hey, just wondering, have you done this kind of thing much before?"
stressful day, after all), and a quick glance at Cas's crotch reveals nothing going on there either.
," he says. "I know I only told you to call if you ran into trouble, but I got worried anyway and then I couldn't reach you. I waited up all night. Sam wouldn't answer either!" He sounds so much like a fretful parent that Dean can't help smiling a little. Sam, who's leaning against a tree a few feet away, seems to be overhearing most of the conversation, for he smiles too.
"And he's got dessert," said Nicole, laughing a little. "Quite a lot of it." She pointed; next to the batteries there were indeed a couple slices of pie just like Nicole had brought for Shawn, though Dean's slices were triple bagged in ziplocs. Nicole asked, "You bringing extra for somebody too, Dean?" She made a show of scanning the horizon all around, one hand shading her eyes, and said suspiciously, "You got your own Shawn, or I mean, Shawn-ette, squirreled away out here somewhere? Where is she? Oh wait, over the northern hill, right? Because you wouldn't let us work there."
home, Dean decided.
if they might have missed something?"
Even the mysterious Aaron Klein at last makes an appearance. He turns out to be a short and compact gray-haired physician, with a calm and reassuring air of matter-of-fact expertise. With Cas's permission, Dean and Sam stay in the room to listen to Dr. Klein's brief discussion with Cas about some kind of "follow-up tests" and "re-evaluation" that are apparently scheduled to happen around New Year's. Dr. Klein explains to them that after this new chemo cycle concludes (Week 1, and then the milder Week 2 and Week 3), Castiel is scheduled to have a whole new round of tests and scans, and then the two of them are supposed to meet to discuss the results. That seems to be when they'll all finally learn whether the chemo has actually been working.
And then Dean walked by, looking as vivid and crisp as if he'd been outlined by a laser. He was the only person who seemed in focus. Next to his vivid three-dimensional presence, everybody else in the bar looked like blurrily drawn, two-dimensional paper dolls. He seemed almost to be glowing, too, as if a spotlight were following him around the room. Cas was transfixed just watching him cross the room.
, thought Dean, so he agreed. Once they got there, Dean ordered medium-rare steaks for both of them (despite the fact that his appetite hadn't totally bounced back yet — he still felt full from lunch — it seemed required to have a steak).
time you've seen this vessel without clothes, isn't it? Well, not counting the time with the bees, but I don't even have the bees now. I'm so sorry, Dean. This was my fault. I've just been... so
he thought.
And then I got really taken with the idea that somehow Cas's death would set in motion a journey that would culminate in not only finding Cas again and seeing his true form, but also ultimately solving the biggest mystery in Supernatural:
. This is insane."
I sent you away, Cas, all that stuff you were thinking about how Sam didn't want to see you is total bullshit, he didn't even
As Dean's scrambling into the driver's seat, Cas says, without the least bit of preamble, "Pineview Motel, 6505 Colfax." He's got the little plant centered in his lap, both hands wrapped around the pot to hold it steady, and he's staring straight ahead out the windshield as he adds, "Also, um, it would be good to get there soon. I'd like...uh... to get settled for tonight."
The follow-up question "What were you hoping?" instantly sprang to mind, but Dean shoved that aside and made himself laugh, and made himself turn away again. He said, aiming for a lightly sarcastic, joking tone (and failing, he knew), "Yeah, fingers aren't usually the go-to spot for tasting someone, Cas."
But he had to pause a moment and press his hand to his forehead.
Gabriel finally spoke, his face tight with pain, "That would be a 'never', I think. But as for now — the immediate problem is, Azazel and Raphael will be back."
"Ulcer," she says after quizzing him with some pointed questions and prodding experimentally at his abdomen. She adds, with a tired sigh. "I'm not gonna say I told you so...."
Dean realized what it was doing. "
And both times when he'd awoken, Cas had been crouching over him, pale and intent. Both times, Benny had been unusually quiet too, and kind of reluctant to talk afterwards. As if something had happened that Dean didn't know about. At the time, Dean had just assumed there'd been some other fight, or maybe Cas and Benny had argued about something. But thinking back now on that couple of times....
Castiel tried to accept this decision.
He strode into the library, only to find Sam looking up at him with a beaming smile.
Cas said to Claire "Go on."
"It's okay now," said Dean. Sam was now giving him a rather suspicious look, and Dean said, "No, really, we're cool now. I swear." He put his hands on his hips, looking at Sam. "Yeah. You were right. We did have a problem. A major problem. Or I did, at least. I guess maybe I should've talked with you about it... it's the Chuck thing. It's always been the Chuck thing."
"Jeez! Was that on purpose?" Sam said. "Cas, what's wrong? Why'd you take us down?"
But the prayer ended.
," said Sam. "No fair."
She nodded, wrote him a prescription for some sleeping pills, and sent him on his way.
"We're in this together, you moron," said Sam. He still sounded a little pissed. There was another hard shove, this time at Dean's leg, and Sam added, "Also, get your frickin' knee off my head."
Sam nods from the back seat; he's smiling as he looks around. "It's a great little town," he says. "That's why I liked it here, y'know."
Sam straightens up a little and glances down at his laptop bag (which is sitting at his side, on the padded bench), but he doesn't say anything. He doesn't object, though; he doesn't say it's impossible. Dean hesitates a long moment before saying anything more, thinking of all the other impossible tasks they've faced. All the apocalyptic disasters, all the angels and demons and God himself.
"That's because I'm a brat," said Claire. Her voice had gotten a little shaky.
"Sunday night was the best I've ever had," says Dean. Which actually isn't
Hesitantly he drifted inside. He looked at the pillows. He looked at the towels, and the blankets.
dramatic from this vantage point than from the rim, because from here, nestled on this stone bench on Bright Angel Trail, they're sitting right under the looming red-rock cliffs, and the little canyon wrens are singing in the gullies, their trilling songs echoing through the canyon walls.... and they're also out of the wind. it's actually rather comfortable here sitting in the sun. Cas is breathing better now, and really it's absolutely gorgeous. Dean pats Cas's knee with a gloved hand. Cas looks at him with a smile, pulls off his mitten, pulls off Dean's glove too, slips his bare hand into Dean's, laces his fingers into Dean's and holds on tight.
it wasn't. It was just an automatic alert telling him that the phone's minutes had expired. In fact it seemed the whole phone number had expired somehow. It was a cheap pre-paid Tracfone that had come pre-loaded with thirty minutes — it was one of Dean's burner phones, one he had given to Cas when Cas had left the bunker — and there had been twenty-six precious minutes saved up still to use, minutes that Cas had been hoarding in case he needed to call Sam or Dean. But he hadn't realized, not till right now, that he needed to use the phone at least once every sixty days to keep his minutes from expiring and to keep the phone number active.
voice.
, Dean thought.
The demon-blade had been a more difficult decision. It was too valuable a weapon to discard, but Dean couldn't bear to handle it anymore. He'd eventually put it back in the Impala's trunk, hoping Sam might notice it there and might take to carrying it. Sam, of course, had never even known how it had been used that night.
Sam stopped in mid-sentence. Dean looked up to see Sam staring toward shore. Sam's eyes were wide and round, his mouth actually hanging half-open. Dean turned to follow Sam's gaze, and there on the pier, blocking the brothers' path back to shore, was a wolf.
"He's still family," Sam says.
"Exactly," Cas says, nodding to her. "The dying sometimes can see into the etheric plane, which is where angels usually keep their wings. When an ordinary human, one without special abilities, can see an angel's wings, It's a sign that that they're dying. It means the dying person's soul is beginning to separate from the material plane. Unless something else intervenes to halt the process, that is. Emily saw my wings because she was near death. Dean saw them too, last night. And ironically, I've been unable to see my own wings myself for many months, until last night, when finally I got a glimpse of them." He looks up at Dean with a little smile. "So, you see, you did save my life last night, Dean."
They took a quick lunch break there, Dean pulling the two beers and some of Teddy Bear's sandwiches and pie slices out of the green cooler in the back. They ate there in the old Chevy, basking in the steady blowing warm air from its trusty heater (replaced three years ago by Dean), sipping their beers in peaceful companionship, as they watched the muskox graze their way serenely through the snowy willows at the shore of the frozen Sagavanirktok River.
"Yeah, it does. But don't worry, I got it," Dean tells him. "Why don't you go call the night nurse again, maybe? See if there's any more advice?"
"Anytime," said Dean, aware he was mumbling a little, but unable to speak more clearly.
It brings to mind a moment several years ago, when a very messy-looking Castiel (fresh out of Purgatory) had walked into a motel bathroom looking like a muddy wreck, and had come strolling back out all of five seconds later perfectly spotless, clothes clean and pressed. And freshly shaven on top of it.
"We'll find her, Cas," said Dean. He added, "Besides, she's tough. She'll be fine. She can take care of herself."
What exactly happens to angels when they die?
. He'd be fine, right? It's spring now! He'd go to the bunker!"
Sam pushed the arrow one notch to the left, to the setting marked with the "Ghost" glyph. There was an audible
Now Cas is sitting there with both hands covering his head. He's a little hunched now, his shoulders tensed, and he shifts his gaze to stare at the blanket that's covering his knees, not looking at Dean any more.
"Best we can do, I think," muttered Cas at the end, once Dean was bundled up in the dark suitjacket and the trenchcoat, the trenchcoat's belt tied around Dean's waist. The whole process, as confusing as it had felt, had only taken a few minutes; Cas had been quite efficient, and Dean actually felt much better now that he had a couple of dry layers. He was still shivering, but not as badly. Cas added, "I hate that you have to have bare legs, but as I said, it's better than wearing wet denim." He picked up one last item from a nearby branch — the blue tie — and wound it carefully around Dean's neck, twice. "This might work as a scarf," Cas said. "I'm hoping every little bit will help. Altogether, I estimate this should buy us about twenty more minutes of locomotory ability on your part. You'll still feel cold, but hopefully you'll keep moving for a bit longer." He tucked the ends of the tie in carefully and pulled the collar of the trenchcoat up around Dean's neck, and Dean, shivering, had to close his eyes and swallow, carefully.
"It was my first day as a human. I was trying to call you..." Cas seems to be thinking back, reliving that first day. After a brief pause, he goes on, "She recognized me, but I'm sorry to say I didn't know who she was. She was so confused.... So lost." Cas adds slowly, "She'd just fallen."
, Cas realized. He glanced down at his own body, thinking,
"Is that coffee?" Dean mutters, sniffing the air. "Then definitely come in."
So Dean crucified him.
"Bush planes?" Dean continued. "Cessnas? That why you haven't seen trucks much?"
Dark feathered banners.
Was he even in there? Could he have vacated his vessel?
And every night he hoped against hope that the wonderful dream would recur. The one where Dean had been lying next to him. Or a dream like it, at least.
Dean found himself giving a long, slow sigh as he listened to Cas's voice, and he could not seem to tear his eyes away from Castiel's dark feathered face.
"Dean... you're not... you're not... jealous, are you?" Sam says, very slowly.
She nodded, her eyes wide.
"Saving people, hunting things," Dean explains, realizing Cas has probably never actually heard this phrase. "Minus the hunting, I guess, today at least."
Sure enough the dragon was veering around in another great sweeping circle as it scanned the ground. It was finally far enough away that Dean at last managed to get a clear view of the whole shape of the thing: Two wings, four feet, was the basic body plan. Slate-grey wings, on a slate-grey body, all tipped with black wherever possible: black wingtips, black feet, a black muzzle, black edging on the tail, and even a delicate black stripe right down the middle of its back. The front feet, which were tucked up under its chest, seemed almost like eagle's feet, armed with gigantic curved silver talons. The back legs, trailing behind, looked more like a lion's paws, with no talons visible.
Dean waited till it turned a murky red, and till its lower end began to disappear.
He seemed unnecessarily upset. It really wasn't such a big deal. He also didn't seem to realize that what he was asking was impossible.
And not just any angel's wings. Dean was aware that he still didn't have that much experience with angels, but he knew that particular scent, knew it deeply and intimately. He'd inhaled that specific intoxicating scent many times by now — in snow and in blizzards, on the flowered tundra and under the midnight sun, on heather and under furs and warmed by fire. It was the scent of Castiel's wings.
"I thought you were out of power."
The knocking came again. Along with a muffled voice calling, "Hello?"
wants is to go somewhere very quiet, where he can sit down and think about the name "Erin" for a while, maybe just go lie down on his bed for an hour or two just to take in the fact that Castiel has an "Erin." But Dean knows he needs to join in with Sam on the brotherly-teasing, so Dean says, "Yeah, we definitely gotta check out the girlfriend!" He adds, doggedly, trying to make a joke out of it, "We gotta screen her. Silver and holy water, at
It's supposed to be a joke, but Dean's suddenly acutely uncomfortable, and the stomachache feeling has gone much worse. He stands and grabs some of the leftover dinner plates that have gotten scattered around, and the extra burger that Cas didn't eat, and the half-full popcorn bowl too, and takes the whole precarious stack to the kitchen. He's hoping Sam will drop the whole topic and go away, and he's even thinking,
"Enough to fool you?" said Cas.
"Then why aren't we going to Denver?" Dean points out. "Or Flagstaff? Someplace where they've scanned him before?"
a soul?
with me!"
Edit:
. Or, heh,
He could have kicked himself.
it, I just
"Not this fast," says Cas, shaking his head. "It's not natural this fast. Species need time to adapt, and this isn't enough time. Dean, they'll be driven north, all these tundra birds. Not these specific individuals, but their children, and their great-grandchildren. They'll be driven all the way north to the Arctic coast as the shrubs move in, and then they'll run out of land. What are they going to do?" He gave a heavy sigh. "I almost wish I won't be here to witness it."
Where was the line between "clean" and "defiled"? Between "holy" and "abomination"? Had he already crossed it?
The recording seemed so fresh and crisp that it seemed Cas
Sam looked a little hopeful. "We can do that in a few days," he said. "A week or so, maybe. Assuming we find some streams or something for water, we could make good time on this sort of terrain." Sam made an expansive gesture at the rolling prairie around them. Dean nodded; the prairie looked relatively easy to walk on. In his Purgatory days he'd gotten used to regular all-day hikes, and that had been through much rougher country. That had been ages ago, of course — and, granted, he'd not been at his best recently, but at least he'd been hiking up and down Cas's hill several times a day. He felt pretty confident he could get into the swing of twenty-mile or even thirty-mile hiking days again without too much trouble.
Instead Cas pushed Dean firmly (but gently) aside, and clambered to his feet. Dean, reluctantly, got up too, still trying to shield him, but Cas seemed determined to approach the gigantic beast. Cas took a step closer and held out one hand, palm upward.
. "You know what, it actually did."
"Sure. Thanks," says Dean.
"No whoosh," Dean agreed. "And no sound effects. Maybe we have to go the other direction?"
"Um, is four in the morning too awful?" he asked.
Memos, Cas. We're gonna work on your memos."
"Oh, no." A small smile flitted over her face. "No. Not a crow. This is Castiel's own feather."
So...." says Sam, slowly, as they're rinsing out their mops in a shared mop bucket. "A divinely inspired cancer."
"I didn't want to be disturbed," says Cas. He's paused in the doorway, holding the plant carefully with both hands. There's a rather wary look on his face as he watches Dean assessing the room.
Dean nodded. He walked about fifty yards farther along the crest of the hill, just far enough so that he was out of earshot. He could feel Sam's eyes on him as he turned his back and hit Play on the first message, looking out over the shimmering silver prairie.
she? How'd they meet? Where? Did
"How about," says Dean, thinking. "Could you just let me... see?"
"No, no, I'm fine," Castiel insists. "
"Like your Chevy isn't," retorts Claire.
Or maybe Castiel might even just let Dean stay with him after all. Dean hadn't even tried asking yet.
"I've had a chant in my head for months," Cas tried to explain. "A thing about making Claire happy. Kind of a compulsion. I kept hearing it in my head. Make Claire happy, make Claire happy."
"But I want to."
"No trouble,"
"Ever heard of a cock-ring?" said Dean. "I want to make you last a little. Sorry."
Normally Castiel would have attacked with a series of brief flights, using all his best feinting and dodging skills. But, knowing that Lucifer would be expecting the doppelganger, and that the doppelganger was flightless, Castiel merely strode directly forward.
, in the other universes. So in THIS universe, you see, we decided we'd take quite a different tack. Very hands-off. No visible miracles."
"Finish it, finish it!" Dean said. "Finish the pie!" He jumped off the boardwalk and strode toward Cas over the tussocks, following what had becom a rather well-trodden path over the lichen and heather. When he came to a stretch of flowered tundra by the icewater pool, Dean began hopping from tussock to tussock, so as to dodge the fragile flowers as he went. Lupine, glacier avens, bistort, he jumped past them all, fairly bouncing his way up to Castiel. He felt almost giddy with energy. Cas was already holding the half-eaten mini-pie out toward Dean, and Dean waved it off, saying, "The pies are for you! Eat!"
Neither Sam nor Dean have touched their coffee, but Cas takes another sip of his own.
The Mercedes was flame-red, and it had an Alaska Petroleum logo on the side.
thinks Dean.
"S'okay," Dean says again. "I ate some."
Of course it's Cas's feather.
Sam's smiling, and he says, "Glad to hear it."
"Great idea," says Dean. "And, Sam... thanks. For the hats, too."
And landed two feet on the other side, still in the jet-black round cave, dust puffing up around their feet.
Sam and me. You really should've. We could've been helping."
Cas could have fought for the money, and he would have won, but he hadn't had the heart for it this time. The man had even snatched his ten dollars back, and had left unharmed, and Cas had just let him go.
"Dean," Sam said, "You know... I was thinking. I
"We gotta cut this thing open," said Dean. He hitched up one jeans leg and pulled a jagged-looking knife out from his boot, but Cas stopped him.
"Claire?" Castiel said again, softly now. Amid all the ghostly pale trees he spotted one vertical streak of light that moved a little. It was a gleaming shine of blonde hair.
Not-George was not coming back.
you, and I definitely played my part. And you think I'm gonna just... shake that off? Walk away?" Sam shook his head. "I can't walk away from this. And you know what, Dean..." He took a breath, looking at Dean now with almost a warning look in his eyes. "It's
Dean set down his empty bowl and spoon, and went over to the feathers for a closer look. There were six broad feathers, each several feet long and all stacked up neatly. They were gigantic. Had Cas been losing his big feathers too, and not just the little ones?
Which meant Cas had really been onto something with his whole Crown-of-Heaven idea. And his maps.
"I would've died anyway," said Balthazar. His voice came out in a wheezing gasp. "Already survived— an hour longer than— I thought I would."
... something is. Or, um, might be. Not that I would know."
Both legs were out now, then a pair of hips (it was a man, wearing a bright blue Speedo swim trunks of all things), a ribcage, and finally the head.
"Cas,
it destroys things. "
Dean finally nods, saying "If we could get just a couple more Goodnight-Moon prayers winging his way, it might help. Go for it." Sam disappears out the door to the parking lot with his phone while Dean stands guard over Cas, swapping out the current set of bloody towels for some fresh ones, and also trying to assess, mostly from the frequency of Cas's flinching (very low, now) whether the Jody/Claire prayer combo is still working.
"Not complaining
"My deepest apologies. I'm quite sorry. I completely forgot about the sleeping issue. And I should have been aware of that after seeing... Well. In fact I've been needing some sleep myself recently; I know now how that feels. I should have thought. Anyway, I just thought you might like to know about the loons."
The smile had long faded from Dean's face. He couldn't talk at all now; he stared at the stream.
Cas gives a dry chuckle. "Relax," he says. "Falling asleep is part of your turn."
"You... are a piece of work," Sam says. "Worked out 'fine'. Right."
Cas gave him a carefully neutral look back, without the least sign of recognition, but Sam couldn't seem to stop staring.
, Dean thought, with a mental laugh. To be fair, there were a few of those little black-and-white "snowbirds" winging around, and even one perched up on top of the terminal's snow-covered roof, singing his little heart out. Maybe spring really was coming.
Dean began to laugh then, for the whole situation really so completely absurd. Here they were being carried across an impossibly huge landscape toward the Crown of Heaven by a friend who was not only an angel, but also a
Cas's eyes widened, and he stepped back.
Dean awoke hours later.
"What do you mean?" says Dean, a little thickly, as he swallows down another huge swig of beer.
him, in some crucial way. Something was lacking." He gave a small sigh. "And another memory was that indeed Lucifer was only supposed to carry the Mark for a short time. In fact I think Lucifer would never have turned against Heaven, as he did, if he had not had to bear the Mark for so long. At any rate, I became convinced that God was no longer truly with us, that something had gone wrong while he was dealing with the Darkness,
"You guys had each other's backs, didn't you," Dean went on, turning his attention back to the guitar. "This last year. Cause I was such a fucking asshole. I left you both alone. I'm sorry. So that was the other reason I didn't do it yet — I didn't want to abandon you all over again and didn't want you to have to deal with my fucking body, because I
"Then I thought, oh, he's having fun," said Dean, his voice very stiff and stilted. "I thought, he's finally getting to have a good time, good for him, good for him, I should leave him alone, I should let him do his thing. I should just go. But then..." Dean hesitated.
In fact, Dean had a
Once the pistol was loaded with ordinary ammo, Dean took his time with it, sighting carefully on each can. The pistol, of course, wouldn't put out a spray of buckshot like a shotgun would, but only a single bullet at a time, and it was never as easy to aim as a precision rifle. So it took a little concentration at the farther distances. Dean always liked to save the pistol for last, in fact, because he actually found it rather relaxing doing this sort of target shooting. Despite the noise of each gunshot and the considerable jolt of the recoil, there was almost a serenity in the pure concentration required to focus on one's aim, bringing all one's attention to bear on just that distant target. And there was usually a real satisfaction in seeing a line of cans flip backwards into the half-melted snowdrifts, one by one.
At first Dean doesn't understand what he means. Then Cas adds, "I just have no... No energy. I'm still just... I'm so
"I need to think about that," says Castiel slowly.
"They're actually pretty good pies," Dean tells them. "You could probably pass them off as homemade. Say you just got mixed up about who was supposed to make what, and in the end you brought them as a backup in case extra guests came."
"Right," said Dean half-heartedly. "Yeah... it'd be a bad idea.... cause..."
of the past six years? And... you remember your daughter from when she was little?"
He'd known it was a part of something... beloved.
unfair
"Okay... I guess...." says Jody. She still looks a little bothered. But she brightens when they reach the garage. "But, let me at least show you what we've got for you so far. Girls! We gotta show off our production, c'mon over here."
of you sacrifice yourself. You two need each other, and to be honest, you deserve some kind of a life together. It's, like,
He set it aside again.
"Oh, I won't be home in the evenings for a while," Cas announces one day.
But she did.
All the memories of Dean were there at last. Right at his fingertips. Spread out before him, a gallery of images and sounds and thoughts and emotions, from the beginning to the end.
Dean fell silent for a moment, and said, "He'll be back by dawn."
He pressed the green SEND button, and they both waited a few minutes, watching the little screen. Castiel had crowded even closer to Dean, his chin now actually resting on Dean's shoulder as they both peered at the satellite transmitter's screen.
But oddly, Cas could not eat the rest of that night. And he absolutely could not make himself try the sodomy again, even though another fifty dollars would have paid off his entire hostel bill and part of the next night too. It hurt to walk; he had to sit on a park bench for a while, over at the nice end of the park where there was a little fountain. It hurt, even, to sit. Cas found as comfortable a position as he could and watched the fountain for a while, feeling at his bruised jaw tentatively. The fountain was lit up for the approaching holidays, colored lights making all the water change color gradually. Cas watched the colors for a while: blue... green... yellow... and slowly Cas became aware that he was bleeding. His pants were damp, and though it was hard to make out the color of the stain in the multi-colored lights of the fountain, Cas knew it was red.
"Gimme the guitar."
Sam fell silent. The car drove on.
He dreamed, once again, of the gleaming black car rushing through the night. The dream had no plot; nothing really happened. It was just the car roaring along down an endless road.
A second later Cas and Claire are standing side-by-side admiring a gleaming, mint condition, first-generation 1956 Ford Thunderbird, in pale sage-green with a cream-colored convertible top.
Fear.
Jimmy wanted to pursue the topic further, but that shaky "Please" made him hesitate. He decided to drop the topic for now, thinking,
tell you,
Dean walked down the long hall, through the lobby, and out the big bay doors at the hospital entrance, into the frigid early-morning cold. He paused there and blinked against a gust of wind, looking around as he tried to get his bearings. It was about eight in the morning but it was still pretty dim; the sun had only just risen.
"Alaska Petroleum believes in global warming?" Dean said, still trying to take that in. It was totally contrary to their public statements. "But, wait, haven't they been funding those climate-denier-type politicians?"
Cas faltered; Dean was giving him a very strange look, his head cocked a little, frowning. Cas had to make himself continue. "And... it turns out they're... rather more damaged than I realized. All the flight feathers—" Cas's voice caught. He swallowed, and straightened up a little and made himself announce, calmly, "All the flight feathers are burned off," but now he could not seem to meet Dean's eyes.
When Dean straightened up and looked around, his eye was drawn once again to the north. Cas's blue tent was out of view from here, but another patch of tundra a bit to the east was still visible over the shoulder of the next hill, and, to Dean's surprise, Cas was right in that patch of tundra. He'd moved, apparently to keep Dean in view. His tiny dark form seemed smaller somehow, and when Dean checked with the Cornell binoculars, it turned out that Cas was sitting down now, perched on a rock with his arms around his knees, still facing Dean's direction. He didn't seem to have any binoculars of his own with him (quite an odd lack for a "bird guy," actually); he must have been just watching Dean’s distant figure from a mile away.
It could not resolve; it did not complete. And Jimmy could not awaken.
Dean hauled on the root with all his might. Up and over he went at last, and he found himself sprawled in mud and snow by the edge of the stream. The junco was bouncing in place nearby, wings shivering so fast with excitement that its little wing-tips were just a blur of gray.
Dean looked at him.
"My bed is too cold," announces Cas.
Crowley glanced down. "Yeah, yeah," he said. He seemed completely unsurprised. "I can see UV, you fools, I knew it was there. Look, I don't have much time. Whaddya want? Make it snappy." He glanced at his watch.
Sure, Kansas seemed to be on the no-fly list (literally) as far as Cas's orders were concerned, but clearly those orders were going to be abandoned once and for all. And what had Dean had just realized was, he might actually have a safe house in Kansas. A literal safe house. Not in Kansas City, of course and not in Lawrence, either — in
"I do. I want...
The cave bear, the bear that had haunted Dean's dreams for so many years, was bad enough.  But the sight of the woolly mammoth absolutely took Dean's breath away.
"Yes," said Sam. "Is this a dream again? Did you put us into a dream?"
All they could do now was stand there, turning in place, watching the black and grey dragons wheeling in the air around them, those vast feathered wings spread, tails lashing the air. Dean pulled out his pistol, and Sam his shotgun, and they fired several rounds at the dragons. They hit them, too. But the weapons had no effect. Instead the dragons merely started to swoop over them now and then, reaching their silver-taloned front feet down almost lazily, trying to snatch them up. Dean and Sam both had to duck and roll to escape.
"There was nothing about this on the NWS forecast!" yelled Ryan to Shelly. "I swear I checked!"
"But why?"
—" and he's turning the camera on Dean, laughing. Dean can't help laughing too, and then Sam ends up scampering ahead to take a series of pictures of Dean and Cas as they stroll along arm in arm, the stupendous Grand Canyon in the background.
"It helps me sleep," Cas said. He made himself loosen his hold on it, looking down at it.
need any more treatment, you'll
, Cas had said last week... about anti-emetic drugs, though. But chemotherapy is just another kind of drugs, isn't it?
But somehow this time felt different. There was no Apocalypse going on. For years now there had been no sign of any God stepping in regularly to resurrect helpful angels and push things along. As for demon-deals, they hadn't been able to reach Crowley in months. (Cas had said something about Crowley having been "badly wounded" in some sort of scuffle right after the Rowena spell.) Rowena had disappeared. The other angels seemed unlikely to help. Gadreel was dead...
"How," says Dean slowly, "are you
Anyway, Sam was too far away. Ryan and the other camp staff were a no-go; they were too naive, too ignorant of the stakes, too innocent. No, Dean had to do this alone.
"Dad?" Claire said. "You okay?" Jimmy realized he'd started looking at the walls, turning his head a little. Searching for that longing feeling...
. And he was still homeless on Thanksgiving and I didn't even give him a goddam call and he warmed up the fucking burrito and then he got so lonely he couldn't even eat the damn thing and he had to drug himself to sleep with a fistful of sleeping pills and go to sleep on a concrete floor in the stockroom at fifty-five degrees without even a goddam pillow. That was his
"Oh, shit, you're in
and that they just want him to be happy.
Cas fell silent. After a long moment he nodded. "It was a condition of my relative freedom that I never get my powers back," he said quietly. "So, yes, they'll clip the new feathers short, just as they did with the old ones. It's part of my punishment."
"Be right over."
"You've been on a whole goddam quest, haven't you," Dean finally says. "On your own."
"It did move," said Castiel slowly. "And... Dean... you may have a point. God
There's a little pause while Sam processes this. "Holy shit," he says at last, shaking his head. "Thought you said you knew I wasn't dead?"
Dean nodded. Sam gave a tiny sigh and added, "Hand me that Enochian dictionary on your way out, would you? I think a lot of these little symbols are Enochian."
"Hey, Cas," Sam says at last, taking another step into the room and swinging the door shot. Dean gives him a pleading look, trying to telepathically convey to him,
"But where
to apologize,
Balthazar and Anna didn't land at all — they just zoomed overhead like a pair of fighter jets and took off again, to start doing big circles much higher up. Patrolling, apparently. Gabriel and Cas were soon involved in a complex growly conversation while Sam ran over to Dean.
After a series of good-night's with Claire, somehow Cas ends up in his own room alone, Sam's gone to bed too, and now Dean's hovering awkwardly at the far end of the hallway. For a few minutes he even pretends to be checking his phone, but really he's trying to figure out when, and how, he can sneak to Cas.
"This is good," he said as he got to the top of the stairs. He spun to face Sam. "This is good. This is
God—"
Cas. Not really.
"But this is how it used to be before I learned about combs," complains Cas.
Always "later." Never now.
For the first two weeks of the school play activities, Jimmy had relied on take-out meals - hamburgers from the local diner, mostly, and frozen burritos, the only two meals he seemed to have much confidence about. Claire had finally said, "Dad. Burgers and frozen burritos once in a while are fine. Burgers and frozen burritos every single night
Well, a feather. It looked a lot like a feather.
with thin walls to boot, maybe there's not much need to stay here after all.
Can't Cas just have one good evening? One holiday?
"I'll fix you too," Dean mutters to Cas. "I swear." He turns the page and keeps reading.
Stones." Cas nodded.
Dean gritted his teeth and said, out loud, "Okay, check this out, Cas. Chapter 11. Behavior and the expression of emotion. Got a bunch of sections here... 11.1, The True Voice; 11.2, Wing Posture and Feather-Fluffing; 11.3, Selection of a Molt-Companion; 11.4, The Gift of a Feather... oh."
"No," said Dean, with a heavy sigh. "I am just now realizing that no, we don't have a backup bulb, because this
And that was almost it for the unpacking. There were very few personal possessions apart from the clothing. Dean always spent several months out of the year here, but he'd never really been one for "moving in" or setting up decorations or posters, like some of the other staff did. For some reason, he usually felt a bit like he was really on that perpetual nomadic road trip of his dreams, even though he was really just coming and going repeatedly from the very same place, and so he always had a feeling that he should only have as much stuff as would fit in the back of a car. Whatever the reason for that rather illogical impulse, he only allowed himself just as many personal items as would fit on the room's tiny bookshelf.
"Yes," said Cas. He took the tickets back and tucked them carefully in his wallet. "Claire, I know I'm not your father. But I'd like very much to see your play. And also... I'd like to help you finish your schooling. I'd like to help you finish out the year, and maybe get that scholarship."
A chill began to settle over the landscape as the wisps of mist grew denser. The ever-present sunlight dimmed a little. The vegetation below had changed, too; the fields of flowers had stopped, and there were no more leafy green trees. Instead, below them now was a flat landscape of sparse, short dark evergreens that were draped with pale green moss, all dotted haphazardly around what seemed to be an endless series of hundreds of little ponds.
" And then, rather dramatically, he collapses back down on the pillow that Dean's set out for him.
There's a "Do Not Disturb" sign on Cas's doorknob. Dean pushes it out of the way, unlocks the door and swings it open to find a simple and very plain motel room. Even by Winchester standards it's a pretty rundown place. Dean takes a step inside, looking around at the worn polyester bedcover on the bed, the thin-looking blanket that's heaped on the floor, the home-made curtains, the dim lighting, the beat-up dresser with the crooked drawers. Cheap vinyl flooring creaks a little underfoot; an old minifridge tucked under the kitchenette counter is chugging noisily as if it's on its last legs. It's not
Dean's somehow ended up half sprawled on top of Cas, his head on Cas's chest, one leg even half-flung across both of Cas's. It's not exactly a calm safe Side Hug. But there's nothing sexual in it; they're both still far too exhausted and both still half-sick anyway; but just the contact, the warmth of Cas's body, the pressure of Cas's arms, is so comforting, and so reassuring, and so
Marcos grinned. "Yes. They're the drummers. Here, put these on." He handed them each a white shirt.
"Please," said Cas. "I know what to do. I don't know why, but I know what to do." He felt sure. "She might want the photo. I only have to destroy the vial."
They both watch Cas for a few moments; he seems to be in another brief hiatus between bursts of prayers. One forearm's across his eyes again, the other hand holding a new bag of ice to his nose while he tries to catch his breath.
After a moment Cas's eyes blink slowly open. He's not really looking at anything much; his back is to Dean, and he's just gazing dully at the white porcelain base of the toilet ahead of him. But then he murmurs, so faintly that Dean can barely hear:
He went through his pockets next, searching for anything hard enough to break a window. There was nothing useful. A single bullet from the pistol would have done the job, of course, but the pistol was already locked carefully in its flight case for the Deadhorse flight... and the case was sitting on the front seat of the Chevy. ready for airport check-in.
Fifteen minutes ago Shelly had sent out a radio call on channel four to the camp staff, officially putting the camp into storm protocol. Staffers were now fanning out all over camp to tie down essential gear, and Ryan knew that the Weatherport that he'd been struggling with all morning counted as "essential gear." And he was awfully worried that it might just blow away.
"Shit," whispered Sam. "It's looking for us." Indeed the thing was scanning the ground intently. The brothers wedged themselves a little farther under the tree as the celestial dragon cruised in as tight a circle as it could manage (this turned out to be about a mile in diameter). It did nearly a complete circle around them, but still it couldn't seem to see them. Finally it began to pass right overhead. Sam and Dean froze absolutely still under the red-flowered branches.
Again Castiel nods, without speaking.
Both brothers were silent a moment.
They slowed... slowed...
He never could help listening for that possible sound of wings.
Cas set the pillow aside and tried to untie the little bag. But his hands were shaking. Dean reached over and set one hand on his, stilling them, and then Dean carefully worked at the little ribbon, till the bag fell open in Cas's lap.
It was another ten minutes before Dean got brave enough to venture out of his bedroom. He tiptoed down the hallway, trying to brace himself for running into Cas in the kitchen or the library. A possibility rose in Dean's mind that maybe he could offer Cas some coffee; maybe even try to talk a little.
words). Not to Sam. Not to Crowley. And apparently he couldn't say them to Hannah either.
. "No, Cas, we really can't," Dean says, and he feels miserable at having to stop this incredibly exciting momentum. But he has to: "Your doc said not to, remember?"
"But where'd they go? Are we, uh... are we staying here a while?"
But a few days later Cas was invited "out back" by a man who clearly was prepared to pay. And this man, at last, agreed to the twenty dollars.
, Dean thought.
Sam went on, his voice wavery now, "And I've spent weeks,
I need to tell you, Cas— and—
Sam stepped into the attic. Dark, moonlit. Quiet.
Dean tried them all, running through the prayers in rapid succession.
And where, of all the realms in existence, was Castiel most likely to be trapped?
Eventually, with a little cheek-biting and some deep breaths, Dean was able to keep going. "Cas, I think you might be stuck in Hell. That would be why the angels haven't answered — they might not even know where you are. Or worse still, they DO know and... maybe they think you deserve it?
Dean kissed Castiel's ruined wing.
be fine. Though, the evening NWS forecast had in fact mentioned the possibility of a system moving in, probably the same system Sam had mentioned, the one that was going to "sock in" Prudhoe Bay by Sunday. Dean would be safely in Kansas by then, but what about Cas?
, thought Dean, and there was a gut-wrenching, dizzying moment of flying through air, past the willows to the wall of the ice cave behind him. The impact was horrifically hard, but his backpack absorbed some of the blow. Then the entire wall of the turquoise ice cavern exploded around him, shards of ice collapsing down all around.
The hand disappeared. The lockbox's lid swung shut. The bundle of colored threads flattened out neatly into a paper-thin sheaf that spread out all along the long side of the box. The latch fell into place with tiny
He'd meant it kindly, actually. He'd meant, "Do you really need to be putting yourself through that?" And, "Do you really
," Sam said, still staring down at Ruby's body.
Not the form Dean was most used to, to be sure, but spectacular.
"Have the cans harmed you?" said a low, rough voice.
Third, that look just before he'd turned away. That glitter in his eyes.
Cas just shrugs, with a little smile. "I often have the same problem," he says.
"But since Sunday I haven't been able to—"
"Daddy?" Claire said again. She was crouching at his side. She looked very nervous. "Daddy? Are you okay? Daddy, look at me, do you remember me? "
answer some of his questions.
Dean reached out and flicked the radio's channel selector to 6, as Cas looked on with a rather befuddled expression. Dean then explained, "Power button's here; turn it off when you're not using it. The push-to-talk button's on this side. This clip on the back is so you can hook it to your belt or backpack or whatever. But you know the drill, right? You've used radio before?" Cas nodded, though he looked a little confused. He took the radio, staring at it; gently, he stroked the long whip antenna.
He stayed quite a long while huddled there on the boulder, looking up at the stars, which began winking out of view one by one as a dark bank of night-time clouds began to creep over the sky. The clouds seemed ominous, and as Dean lay there shuddering with cold, he knew his time was running out. He was injured, and he was weakened, and he was still in a very bad position. Sam would no doubt be searching for him, but Dean wouldn't survive the night here. If the water didn't get him, the cold soon would.
pretty far. But he said, "Cas'll get us there." Because he was certain Cas would.
They still had a few minutes before Sam arrived, so they made their way back to the living room. Cas was still a little distracted, trying to think of more ways he could reassure Dean, but fortunately a solution presented itself immediately.
"Damn idiots came back already and forgot to log themselves in," said Ryan. "They were over in their lab the whole time we were at breakfast. I tried radio'ing you a few times but we're getting a lot of static."
Cas thought, back at the Red House fifteen minutes later. He was in the Red House's back bathroom now with a precious glass of seltzer water, still rinsing his mouth repeatedly and spitting in the sink, thinking,
give yourself a break?"
"So... uh..." Sam began. "If it helps, we, uh... we think Cas died human." He darted a very brief glance over at Dean.
Dean remembered, his face pressed now to Cas's pillow. It seemed he could almost catch a faint whiff of Cas's scent, even now, a scent he had not even been aware he knew. It was rather like the scent of the little feather, actually... ever so faint, barely perceptible... something like a mix of wind and rain, and wildflowers and sunlight...
ready to see Sam die first. "No—" he begged, struggling desperately against the huge claws, watching that huge head glide over to Sam. "No, NO, take me, take ME—" The dragon was going to
Cas actually smiled. And Dean snapped the picture.
"Not surprising," Dean says. "Just a tip: the pies are good, cause honestly it's hard to screw up a pie, but you don't even wanna know what goes into those hot dogs. It's a Gas-n-Sip; no offense but it's not exactly gourmet food, you know."
Cas can't be full, though; he's actually only eaten a little bit of his own dinner. Dean sighs; Cas must still be watching his weight. He really wants to tell Cas,
unusual, actually. The rangers said they'd never had a bear in that area before who'd done that. They said you usually only see that happen, maneaters I mean, if people have been deliberately feeding bears. I mean, like, feeding them sandwiches and stuff. So that the bear associates people-scent with food, I guess. But nobody'd been doing that. This was way far away from the tourist areas, really out in the backcountry. The real bush, way out back of Denali." After another swallow of whiskey, Dean added, "Took me ages to find Dad's campsite. I hiked every damn trail in the whole park before I found him."
But Cas shakes his head. "Unfortunately not. I was just wondering how far you'd gotten in that book, that's all. "
. You must know I would never let you drown like that, right?"
. Meaning, you
," said Castiel.
A small piece of grace will have only a minor impact on me, but could have a major impact
Next week.
soul?"
The fire crackled; the wind blew.
...."
Feathered dragons.
Dean thinks about this.
"Think you can sleep a bit now?" suggests Dean. "I can get you back to the bed. I already changed the sheets, by the way. The motel girl dropped off a whole fresh set."
Dean glances again at the sign:
Sam hurriedly shuts Cas's door, cutting off his question in mid-word, and scurries around to the driver's side. But the second he opens the driver's door Cas picks right up with the question exactly where he'd been interrupted: "— kiss her even longer? Or would you move on to other things?"
BTW God's emergence from the box is based on an amazing contortionist I once saw at Halloween night rave in Seattle one year long ago.
But still. There were bears to run into. There was ice to fall through. There was still cold weather at night. It had been days. What if Cas had gotten into trouble?
It was such a relief to have it out in the open that Dean could only laugh. "Guess that's the best I'm gonna get."
Cas nods, reaching for the water bottle again. "But that was last week," he says. "This is Week Two." His hand closes over Dean's on the bottle, and again Dean helps him lift his head again to drink.
"Glad jr'eer," mumbled Dean.
The food-storage nook on the other side of the cave turned out to be not magical at all; it simply used the natural permafrost. It was positioned near the front of the cave where a pocket of permafrost-tundra nosed its way close to the granite of Topaz Mountain, and it had a small dug-out area that extended down into the permafrost soil, like a natural chest freezer. There were a dozen of glass jars here filled with frozen blueberries and cranberries, along with a few strings of whole frozen fish and a small collection of dried meats, while some dried potatoes hung from leather strips overhead. But it wasn't really that much food. Cas had indeed been very low on stores. Near the entrance of this little alcove was a neat stack of canned goods — all of it cans that Dean had donated — and after a rapid inventory, Dean concluded that his recent contributions had nearly tripled Castiel's available food.
that you'd sent him off on his own like that in Wyoming. You should've told me the second I got Gadreel out. Cas right in the middle of all those angels, half of which want to kill him, with no grace and no powers and no nothing? He must've been a sitting duck. He had to deal with all that on his own? And now,
Cas shrugged one shoulder (this seemed to be as much as he could move without causing more pain). "It's only been ten days," he said. "This is about normal. For an angel-blade wound, I mean. You must remember, it always takes me a while to heal from these sorts of wounds."
, thought Dean, but he was grateful for Sam's silence.
Sam nods. "He'd ended up on a fishing boat, right? Offshore somewhere? And then in a hospital?"
Dean remembers.
Their highest peaks were already hidden by a low, dark wall of dark grey cloud. And to the west, a looming wall of even darker dark cloud was already blotting out a few of the westward mountains. That wall of dark cloud seemed to have a dark, obscure darkness hanging underneath, a ghostly shadow, like a veil that was blotting out the land and hiding the hills. That veil, of course, was the falling snow.
The Chevy's wipers were at top speed by the time he parked, new layers of snow forming up constantly on the windshield almost as fast as the wipers could whisk them away. Dean pulled the CB out and set it to channel six.
She fell silent.
without taking a huge amount of grief from his buddies? An attractive nurse he's already had an unnecessary number of phone calls with? Absolutely not. No frickin' way. You are going to get
She soon asks Cas if she can speak to his "family" for a few minutes, and then she pulls Sam and Dean out to the hall for a quick discussion.
In theory it was to fight Abaddon. In reality...
Dean clapped him on the shoulder. "Have you learned nothing from
Cas let out a rough, choked laugh. "Dear Heaven, I hope you're right."
The man shrugged... and nodded. "You could call me that."
"Hell, I don't know," Sam muttered, half to himself. "Maybe you're right. Maybe you're right. I don't know. I don't know." He paused a moment, and then said, his voice a little stronger, " Let me cut my palm instead."
"Oh, yeah, sure thing," said Dean, taken by surprise at how suddenly Castiel had closed the gap between them. Then that stare again, those stunning blue eyes — but before Dean could decide whether, and how, to make any sort of next move, Castiel had released Dean's hand, and he was turning and walking away.
Dean nods. The option had of course come to mind; but they've all been down that road before (or roads like it) and it's very clear that it's a road that leads nowhere good. Cas's reaction is pretty much what he'd expected. "Yeah, okay, no soul-selling," he agrees with Cas, and he turns back to Crowley and Rowena. "No soul-selling. But we
"Cas?" Dean calls, bending over to shake him again.
thinks Dean, and he and Sam exchange another grim look. Cas doesn't notice; he's slumping down into his chair now, looking so exhausted it's as if all the strain and worry has caught up with him all at once. "It was so confusing figuring this all out," he adds. "It was... nearly overwhelming, to be honest. There's so much terminology. And a truly incredible amount of paperwork."
It had all happened
It turned out a low-pressure system from the west was blowing in with unusual force. It was that "weather system" that Sam had mentioned; it had strengthened quite a bit overnight, and had sped, and it turned out it was arriving today, not tomorrow. A couple feet of snow were now expected, which was a lot for the usually-dry Arctic.
"What?" Dean repeated.
"Hopping around the dining hall deck. I gave it some seeds. It gobbled them right up."
And, well, maybe a little bit about Cas too.
A pause.
"I found it sitting on his bookshelf. I don't know where he got it."
Emily says, now back in a normal voice. "But, it's okay because everybody who dies of cancer goes directly to Heaven." She turns to Cas and says, "Like, remember Charlie, Cas? He was here two weeks ago? Remember, Charlie with the stage-four lung cancer, and his friend snuck in his dog Lobo to see him, remember how soft Lobo's ears were? Me and Mom just heard, Charlie died two days ago. But, see, it's okay, because that just means he's in Heaven now. Someday Lobo will be with him too."
. He trailed his fingertips from one shoulderblade to the other, then, watching Cas close his eyes, studying the unevenness of his breathing.
She'd lied; she'd known all along... Cas was not her father. The daughter he remembered growing up, the daughter he remembered holding in his arms as a little baby, was not his daughter at all.
"Which means...." Dean said slowly, as the pieces slowly came together. ".... a Prince of Hell killed Dad. A demon." He had to repeat it to let it sink in: "A demon killed Dad." Then he added, in amazement, "Mom was right all along."
Dean sang the next verse:
Something caught Dean's attention, in his peripheral vision, and he glanced over at the lake to find that the dream was changing. The lake was fading away, gradually replaced by what seemed to be a vision of the mountaintop. Soon the two vast dark feathers were even standing nearby, their gilded tips shining in the light.
, sweetie — no, don't pull those out, stay quiet, honey — everything's okay— oh my god,
It only lasts a few seconds. When the waitress arrives with the food and sets the burgers down in front of them, and then the fries, and beers for all three of them, and milkshakes too (Cas wanted both), and as Cas begins devouring his burger, and as Sam doles out a instructional dollop of ketchup next to Cas's fries, Dean starts to develop a new worry. He's now worrying about when he's going to wake up out of the dream.
... and, too, Cas could feel the way Dean had just sucked in a surprised gasp of air. The way he'd just frozen still. Something had startled him.
Sharon breaks in with, "Emily, honey, grownups have very complicated schedules sometimes, and can't always get free, and I'm sure Mr. Dean here had very—"
," Cas says, a little shortly. He's still adding things to his little Denver-packing pile — the coffee thermos, a couple of extra hats — but he slows when Dean looks at him, and eventually he straightens up and meets Dean's gaze, with a little sigh. "Pizza really
"That's all?" says Dean, relieved. "Just the first twenty-four? That's it?"
"Weird doesn't even come close to covering it," said Dean, studying the tapestry picture underfoot. "Jeez. Look at these pictures. This could be in a museum." The tapestry was woven into amazingly realistic pictures — fantastic pictures of animals and landscapes, stars and cities. Under Dean's feet right now was a gorgeous tapestry-image of a redwood tree with some kind of gigantic chicken next to it.
"What are you, anyway?" Dean said. "
"No, shh, don't worry, Cas, I didn't meant that—" Dean said urgently, running a hand along Cas's hair and down to his shoulder. "You're staying. You're staying. I want you to stay. I
The angel watched while Dean continued with hunting, with the missions that gave him purpose. He watched while Dean told his brother about Hell, about the things that Castiel himself had seen Dean doing to souls, and the pain that radiated off his mate made the angel want to hold him and never let go. He steeled himself and remained out of reach, invisible, watching his charge. Dean fought on, and even though Castiel had restored his health for the time being, bond withdrawal was incurable even by angelic power, and Dean was fading again, even more quickly than before. Dean's headache came back as he investigated the two feral children in Nebraska, his concentration less intense than usual. He began coughing again by the time that the Winchester brothers fought the magicians in Iowa. When the boys returned to an old high school of theirs to investigate a haunting, Dean began losing any weight he had gained back, skin paler than usual, cough lung rattling. He began having tremors, and Castiel ached watching him. The angel wanted to go heal him again, make things easier, make Dean want to trust him, but his garrison remained close by, watching as he did, murmurs of confusion at the vessel's declining health ran in loops through Castiel's consciousness. If Castiel were to go heal Dean, it would be blatantly obvious exactly what was going on to the entire garrison. Only Castiel's touch could heal Dean, and it was the one thing he couldn't give.
. And that's
"Uh, why?" Dean glared, and Cas glared right back.
"Torturing? That's God's work? Stop him, Cas, please, before you ruin the one real weapon you have," Anna pleaded, touching Cas' arm, "before you ruin the one gift you really have. There will never be another Dean Winchester, Castiel."
"I tried to warn you," Dean replied, immediately knowing to whom his brother was referring to, his body so tense he felt like he was made of stone. Sam looked at him appraisingly, mouth turned into a frown.
"Who are we to question the will of God?" Castiel burst out, frustration and conflicting emotions making him snap.
Dean yanked at Chuck, dragging him towards the door robe and slippers and all. "I need you to come with me, right now."
xoxoxoxoxxooxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxxo
Sammy shook his brother awake at exactly 12:19 am on Dean’s twenty first birthday. Dean was crying, he was fucking sobbing, and he wiped his eyes furiously. Sam frowned, concerned, his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
The psychic's eyes glowed furiously and when they burst into flame and sizzled inside her skull, Dean screamed almost as loud as she did. His heart racing, he kneeled beside her with Bobby, and he thought to himself he must have imagined his name being whispered amongst the white noise. Still, the fact they now knew this creature's name remained.
Dean Winchester. It's really you. Oh, my god. The angels talk about you. You were in hell, but Castiel pulled you out, and some of them think you can help save us. And some of them don't like you at all. They talk about you all the time lately. I feel like I know you." Dean took a step back, startled, and Sammy looked at him for a second before turning back to the girl; Anna, Dean reminded himself.
"Maybe I don't deserve to be saved," Anna told him, and Dean's stomach twisted, a deep gravelly voice echoing those words inside his head, back in the warehouse, "I knew what I was doing. This is murder one for angels, worst thing I could do, the worst crime I could commit."
. He moved with confidence, and though graceful would not be the word to describe him, there was something there that spoke of long years of practiced experience. His eyes were bright, expression fierce, and though he looked tired, Castiel sincerely doubted any other human or any mundane monster could best his mate in a fair fight. Currently, those eyes were tracking Castiel, as Dean leaned down to check the pulse of the older human man Castiel had rendered temporarily unconscious.
Dean exhaled sharply, which made him go into a fit of coughing so bad that Sam stepped over and handed him water. "The day I got out of hell," Dean said, voice raspy. Anna looked at him in a critical way, and finally nodded. "First words I heard, clear as a bell --
"She committed a serious crime," Uriel responded, eyes studying Dean, "and if I'm right, there might be another angel with criminal secrets around here."
"You sure, Cas? I mean, I'm not small, I could choke you, 'specially if you don't know what you're doing," Dean told him, though his hips were already twitching with the idea of being inside that gorgeous mouth.
"Yeah, well I ain't buying what you're selling," Dean's face was still stormy, and Castiel was about to comment that he wasn't selling anything and had no use for human currency when Dean asked again, "so who are you, really?"
"I know, Cas. I've been waiting on you. I didn't... I didn't even know if you could want me like this. I had no clue how angels do things, and I just-" Dean was cut off by Castiel pressing his lips to Dean's, tilting his head for the right angle. Dean made a surprised noise, and immediately kissed back, trailing his tongue lightly across the angel's bottom lip, coaxing his mouth open. When Castiel obliged, Dean wasted no time licking into his open mouth, tasting ozone and lightning, moaning. Cas seemed like he didn't really know what to do for a second, but when Dean twined his tongue around the angel's, Cas responded, fiercely licking back, tongues battling for a few moments, until Dean had to pull back to breathe. Castiel whimpered at the loss of contact, and the sound went straight to Dean's dick, and he felt it twitch inside his pajamas. The angel looked at him curiously for a moment, and sank slowly to his knees, Dean gasping when he realized what Cas was going to do. Castiel grasped the edge of Dean's pants, looking up at him with big blue eyes, silently asking permission. Dean nodded, breathless, and Cas slowly pulled down the waistband, watching Dean intently the whole time. Dean stepped out of the discarded piece of clothing, leaning back against the counter as Cas grasped his length, and the human groaned as Castiel stroked him experimentally, precum oozing from the head. Dean almost leaped out of his skin with surprise and pleasure when a warm tongue swiped across the tip, tasting, and he growled in his throat. "How do you even know-" Dean hissed as that tongue traveled up and down his cock, "what to do?" Castiel chuckled, and Dean frowned at him in confusion.
Sam burst into the room first, and his gun was drawn almost instantly, aimed at Castiel's chest. Castiel regarded him coolly, it wasn't like the gun itself could do much damage to him anyway. "Who are you?" the taller Winchester demanded, gun leveled in steady hands. Dean quickly followed him in, and upon seeing who it was he pushed down Sam's weapon, frowning.
"Stupid pet tricks," Alistair gasped, and Sam curled his lip in a snarl.
"You shouldn't be here. We still have orders to kill you," Castiel told her, deep voice monotone. Anna smiled knowingly.
his mind rattled over and over again in a loop. He thought for a long moment that he might pass out, vision black around the edges as he watched
Blue eyes blinked at him, then widened, "oh... oh no...ugh. No, I'm not Castiel. It's me." He pushed Dean's hand away and sat up slowly.
"Well, good," Dean sighed, "'cause I'm not really that interested."
Castiel frowned, irritation seeping through his expression, and he huffed in annoyance, "I told you."
"Once we know who it is," Castiel added, voice soft and pleading. \
"Yeah, I bet you do. Did you know he wrote about the fuckin' cabin?" Dean's cheeks were flushed and his freckles standing out in that way that Castiel knew meant he was embarrassed, though he could not understand why.
Castiel had to swallow down the need to rush to Dean and touch him, to heal and protect the fragile skin like his grace was demanding he do, and unable to speak, he nodded the affirmative. "Buddy, next time, lower the volume," Dean rolled his eyes, and Castiel wondered if bravado and sarcasm was a default setting for his mate. It would certainly prove a challenge to understand him if it was.
Dean had never been the most strategic person in the world. His brand of fighting was to leap headfirst and plow his way through the enemy, disregarding stealth and planning. In this situation, he was no different, much to Sam and Bobby's frustration.
“Are you a hunter?” Dean asked, still walking towards him.
Castiel laid him gently on his back, crawling over him, and proceeded to completely worship Dean's body. He mouthed damp kisses across the quivering muscles of Dean's abdomen, up over his chest, leaving bites along his collarbone and neck that definitely were going to leave marks, and Dean shuddered at the thought. Cas' hands reached up to trail through his hair, and his lips found Dean's face, trailing over the contours of his cheekbones, across the edge of his jaw, memorizing the body he had put back together so carefully. He leaned in and kissed Dean's eyelids, bringing a small smile to Dean's mouth. “Your eyes are so beautiful,” Castiel told him, and Dean sighed happily in response, “you are the most wondrous thing my Father has ever created.” Dean's breath hitched and he reached his hand up to pull on the back of Cas' neck, pulling their lips together, and kissed him lazily and thoroughly, his free hand mapping the hard planes of Castiel's back, so different than the soft curves Dean was used to. Castiel pulled back a moment later, licking his still swollen lips. “How do you wish to proceed?” the angel asked Dean, and it took Dean a moment to realize what he was asking.
over and over again from the rooftops. It was just another strange thing to add onto the heap of crap he had endured today.
"Oh, I'm stronger than that now," Sam grinned, and Castiel started, reaching for Sam, "now I can kill." Dean tried to shout, but Sam stretched out a hand, Alistair screamed as golden light shot out from his vessel, and the body slumped onto the floor. Dean reached Castiel's knee, touching his hand to it, and his vision blacked out, body finally succumbing the his injuries.
I almost got it," Pamela insisted, "I command you, show me your face! Show me your face now!"
Dean huffed a laugh, which ended in another coughing fit, and Sam handed him a water bottle, and he took a swig and a breath, "yeah, well, he's like a black belt in torture. I mean, you guys are out of your league."
?!” the writer begged, looking around as if searching for a weapon or phone or something.
"No," Castiel replied, gravelly voice monotone as usual, and his eyes slid over to meet Dean's.
“Damn straight, it isn't funny,” Dean agreed.
"You tell me I always sound ancient," Castiel reminded him, "likely because I am." He felt Dean's lips curve into his own smile.
Sam's expression was getting dangerously close to puppy eyes, and Dean pointedly kept his gaze away from him. "Dean," Sam implored, "You know exactly what can happen if you refuse to complete the bond. You'll get sick, you'll waste away. Castiel might be invulnerable, but YOU aren't. You have to do something."
"Its Kilgore Trout Vonnegut," Chuck mused, "I wrote...this. Me here at my house talking to my own characters."
"I'm sorry," Castiel said, eyes on the floor now, body slumping, "We have no choice."
"Right," Dean's voice was sarcastic again, and Castiel knew it was going to take him practice to get used to the nuances of human vocal expression, "and why would an angel save me from hell?"
Castiel knew the soul the minute he saw it. His grace resonated beautifully with it, like something from a human ballad, a song of romance and fate. He killed the last demon in his way, and carefully collected the soul, broken, cracked, and hurting. Castiel wasn’t sure which marks were from hell and which were from life. Still, it was the most beautiful soul he had ever seen, and his grace knew immediately why this was.
"So you need our help hunting a demon?" Dean asked, using the corner of his t-shirt to wipe his sweaty forehead.
"Why?" Dean asked, ever the one who opposed whatever was asked of him. Castiel scowled and held up a hex bag, the powerful magic stinging his fingertips, and the fact that his mate would have been dead tomorrow if Castiel hadn't been here made him livid.
I want to say a big thank you to all you readers, we're almost up to 1500 views and your comments and kudos are what spurred me on. Congrats on Chapter 13! may there be many more to come!
"Well then... there's only one explanation. Obviously I'm a god." Chuck pressed the whiskey glass against his forehead.
look, and Dean almost shoved him aside before he remembered what was going on here and ground his teeth instead. "We'll stop this witch before she summons anyone. Your seal won't be broken and no one has to die," Sam wasn't asking or begging, now. Sam was definitely as pissed as Dean was.
“Dad’s on a hunting trip… and he hasn’t been home in a few days,” Dean’s voice was light, but the words were serious. Sam understood immediately. He whispered to his…mate, and damn if it wasn’t weird Dean’s little brother had a mate, and stepped over to Dean.
"There was a fight here," Dean's stomach flip flopped uncomfortably, pointing at the angel banishing sigil against the wall, still dripping blood down the concrete. "Look familiar?"
Castiel felt his grace, his heart, shatter, and he simply couldn't take it any more. He pressed his palm to Dean's cheek, and in the next minute Dean was completely whole, not a scratch on his perfect body.
"Who are you!?" Dean demanded, reaching for the knife behind him.
"We need to talk, Dean,"
The events that followed were totally typical shitty situations that would only happen to Winchesters. Dean couldn't help but think, not for the first time, that they must have a family curse or something. Dean had thought bringing Pamela to see Anna and figure out what was going on was a great idea, hoping they'd have an ally against the dick angels. Pamela put Anna into hypnosis, dug into her brain, and what came out was completely 100% unexpected.
Sam's face was aghast, body tense and wavering between reaching for Dean and defending Ruby. Castiel was twitching, eyes locked on his mate, who was currently clinging to consciousness by a thread, desperately digging his nails into his palms until he felt his vessel bleed. "You want to kill Anna?" Sam hissed, "why?"
"Meet me here, and go now." Castiel shoved a piece a paper in his hand, squeezed his fingers lightly, and disappeared. Dean stared at the place he had been standing until building fear woke him up with a gasp and a shudder.
," Dean shifted in his seat, voice louder than he had meant it to be, "it's not gonna happen, Cas, you got that?" Castiel looked at him, and this was probably the most emotion he'd ever shown around Dean, his eyes worried and sad, mouth turned down around the corners.
idea, Castiel thought frantically. If he were to stay around Dean, be a guardian for him, there was no way he could distance himself from the pull, the attraction to his soul. He would soon think of himself as Dean’s proper mate, and that certainly would not be looked kindly upon. On the other hand… it would give him exactly what he wanted, what he always dreamt of finding. Even now, his grace was empty, screaming for the soul it had held ever so briefly. Castiel was also very aware this was not a request, but an order. He had no choice.
Castiel was absolutely and totally confused. He was currently flying leisurely over this new creation that their father called Earth. He was a soldier, not trained to necessarily see the art in things, but even he had to admit that this new place his Father had made was impressive, expanding in foliage and mountainous regions below him. His brother Gabriel, his usual flying partner, flew faster than him due to his larger wingspan that spoke of his rank as an archangel, and Castiel was straining to keep up.
“Jesus friggin Christ people, how many times do you need to do that?” Dean griped as he rubbed his eyes furiously.
Castiel fought valiantly, exchanging blow after blow with Alistair, but the match wasn't even and Alistair slammed Castiel against the wall, holding him by the throat. "Well, like roaches, you celestials. Now, I really wish I knew how to kill you. But all I can do is send you back to heaven," the demon scowled, chanting in Latin, and Castiel choked, grace seeping through his eyes and mouth as white-blue light, dim ringing sounding in Dean's ears. Dean gasped, starting to drag himself along the floor towards Castiel, whimpering with the effort.
The man opened his eyes, and Dean sat back abruptly. This wasn't right, this felt so wrong.
Dean sold his soul to get his brother back. It wasn’t the smartest thing he’d ever done, but he didn’t regret it one fucking bit. Sam was the smart one, the good one, the one who deserved to live. He could do the most good in this world. And besides that, without Sammy, with his father dead too, Dean had nobody. The loneliness was going to slowly eat him alive until he cracked open with it and bled dry. Bobby was furious, Sam was furious, and they had a right to be. Dean knew he’d made the right decision. He was prepared to die. His only regret was never knowing what Castiel looked like. He knew he would wonder that forever in hell.
"He's not
"Are you gonna help her or what?" Sam asked, sounding suspicious, and Dean knew the feeling. The way Uriel and Castiel were talking made him very uneasy.
"Hitch back to Cheyenne, thank you very much," Dean snapped with as much venom as he could muster with those blue eyes looking at him. He stomped away from Cas, running directly into Uriel, who was about as forgiving as a stone wall.\
There had been hundreds of thousands of men and women with a name that included Dean in the title. Castiel had secretly visited each and every one of them. As far as he knew, no angel had ever been paired as grace mates with a human, and he didn’t even know if it was possible, but he couldn’t stop looking. His brother Gabriel had been gone for millennia, and he no longer had anyone to talk freely to, nor was he naïve enough any longer to think that any other angels would be receptive to the idea. Some angels, like his brother Balthazar, enjoyed the carnal pleasures humans and human vessels involved. Castiel didn’t care about any of that. He just knew his grace burned for this, for someone. Someone named Dean.
.’” Sam sighed, pointing at the screen, “it ends with you going to Hell.”
Ruby disappeared later that night, off to continue the plan, and Dean settled in to sleep, downing some pain pills for his head and slumping down to rest. Of course, being Dean Winchester, even his own dreams weren't private.
"I'm an angel, Dean," Castiel gave him an impatient look, "I don't have a gag reflex." Dean moaned aloud, and Cas opened his mouth, placing it around Dean's cock, dipping his head and smoothly sliding all the way down to the base. Dean quivered, watching Castiel's throat open and bulge as his cock slid into it, and when Castiel drew back, the warm, wet, slick feeling made him jerk."Now
"Its name. It's whispering to me, warning me to turn back," Pamela explained quickly, eyes still shut tight, grip on Dean's arm hurting now. She began chanting again, and the TV buzzed almost as furiously as Dean's head, whining sound increasingly frantically in pitch, candles flickering with an invisible breeze.
"Yeah, I do," Sam twisted his hand, Alistair's eyes turned white, and Dean began trying to inch himself to Castiel again, instinctively seeking his mate.
"Hey, that's kinda a thanks for trying speech, you know? Participation trophies suck ass," Dean joked, smiling as best as he could at her.
"Thanks, Cas," Dean told him, all the heat gone from his tone. Cas apparently took this as permission to grab him by the jacket lapels and drag him into a rough, desperate kiss.
When the séance proceeded and Pamela began reaching out to whatever creature had brought back Dean, he suddenly felt so sick he thought he might need to excuse himself. His head throbbed, the mark on his arm burned so painfully it was like he was being freshly branded. Pamela asked to touch something the mystery creature had touched, and Dean reluctantly raised his sleeve. When Sam saw the mark, he exhaled sharply, jaw setting in that fashion that said he was going to murder something painfully.
"What the fuck do you mean you burned the hex bags?" Dean hoped he was just losing his hearing spontaneously and didn't comprehend that correctly, "you really think you can take her?"
"It's an honor to meet you, Chuck. I admire your work." Castiel told him truthfully, and Dean scoffed.
"I'm sorry, but what do you want us to do about it? I mean, a demon with the juice to ice angels has to be out of our league, right?" Sam asked, exasperated, "plus, we really need a break. In case you haven't noticed, my brother isn't feeling too well." Dean shot Sam a glare, the force of it weakened by how sick he looked.
All of a sudden, Alistair was the one choking, clutching his throat, wheezing, and Dean saw his brother walk into the room, hand stretched out, focused on the demon.
"You are well above legal age, Dean," he reminded him, trying not to sound huffy. Dean just laughed, pulling him back to curl against his chest.
"Angels are dying, boy," Uriel frowned at him, cracking his knuckles.
"I'm tired, Sam," Dean muttered, slumping in the passenger's seat and trying to stop the third nosebleed he'd had that day. Sam looked at him in concern from the driver's seat, frowning. "I'm tired of burying friends, Sam," Dean sighed, collapsing forward and coughing wetly. His brother winced, hands gripping the wheel tightly.
"We don't know," Uriel told him, and Sam crossed his arms, scowling.
“Doesn't seem to matter,” Sam told him, and now he definitely looked amused. Dean slammed the laptop shut, scowling at it like it had personally offended him.
Dean sensed a huge bluff, and so he just snickered, giving the dark angel his best grin, "I don't break easy."
Castiel's hand flew up, and for a second Dean thought he was going to hit the other angel. Instead, Castiel looked at Dean, gaze appraising, and Sam shifted closer. "Enough," Castiel said firmly, frowning as his eyes bored into Dean, "I suggest you move quickly."
"Sam, wait, it's just Castiel," Dean said, his voice steady but his eyes slanted at Castiel in a longing sort of way. Sam's eyes widened, he looked from his brother to the angel, and Castiel could practically see his brain working inside his head. Dean motioned his head to the dark angel near the window and frowned, "him, I don't know."
"He's doing God's work," he said, voice level and sounding just like any other soldier. Anna scowled in contempt.
Dean ranted, voice breaking on the last words as he doubled over and began coughing, Sam coming to pound his back, Dean pressing his jacket to his mouth. When he could finally breathe again, his sleeve was red with blood. Castiel inhaled sharply and took a quick step forward, only stopping when Uriel shot him a look.
"I understand this is regrettable," Castiel murmured, tone infuriatingly even, and Dean wanted to punch him or kiss him or something in-between, and his skin tingled.
"Look, you've got a huge target on your back. We want to keep you safe."
"Just give me the demon's name, Alistair," Dean practically growled, and the demon pointedly ignored him.
"You are needed," Uriel smirked, looking Dean up and down, "if you don't collapse on the way there." Dean heard Castiel hiss between his teeth in anger.
“Because I wrote it?” Chuck replied quickly, face still puzzled, though not as frightened.
"Good luck, Dean," he whispered, sounded anxious and worried. Dean understood, if this went south, then Cas couldn't help him, not this time. Dean cupped his cheek and rested their foreheads together for a brief moment before darting to the impala.
"That would be a neat trick, considering I have her grace right here," Uriel chuckled, pulling a little glowing vial from around his neck, hanging on a chain, "we can't let hell get their hooks into her."
Dean shut his eyes, a palm pressed over his face, and when he glanced at Castiel again, the look in his eyes was enough to strike fear into the angel, "I'd only do this for you, Cas."  Castiel flinched as if he'd been struck, and the human grabbed the loaded cart of demon torture equipment, and wheeled it into the next room, slamming the door behind him. Castiel remained motionless, grace rolling around, conflicted.
"We need to talk," Castiel told him, and it sounded urgent enough that Dean's instincts perked, and he frowned.
"Our orders were not to stop the summoning of Samhain, they were to do whatever you told us to do," Castiel's response was said plain and simple, and Dean's head snapped up.
"I'm going to get it back," Anna announced, voice resigned, "if I can find it, I'm going to get my grace back."
Dean and Sam just gave matching sighs of exasperation.
"So, are you coming, or what?" Dean asked gruffly, and Castiel felt his grace leap inside him.
"You're our best hope," Castiel told him, and how was Dean supposed to argue with that pleading voice.
"Unless this isn't his will," Anna responded softly, and Castiel inhaled a breath he didn't really need, "The Father you love. You think he wants this? You think he'd ask this of you? You think this is righteous?" Castiel hissed through his teeth, covering his face with a palm, and Anna sighed, "what you're feeling, Castiel, is called doubt." Castiel felt his fists clench as another scream rang through the air. "These orders are wrong and you know it. But you can do the right thing. You're afraid, Cas. I was too. But together, we can still-" Castiel growled, and Anna stopped talking, taking a step back from him.
"For what it's worth," Castiel told his mate, and his grace ached with every word, "I would give anything not to have you do this."
"If anything threatens a prophet, anything at all, an archangel will appear to immediately destroy that threat. Archangels are fierce and absolute. They're heaven's most terrifying weapon," Cas replied slowly, still apparently waiting for Dean to catch up, an earnest look on his face.
"Why didn't you just leave me there, then?" Dean asked, voice so honest and so full of pain that Castiel wanted to shake sense into him, if he weren't already injured.
"Wouldn't try that if I were you. See, she got her grace back. Full-blown angel now," Dean bluffed, cocky smirk on his face.
t was just like his father used to talk about- soul mates and bonds. Dean felt physically ill as he forced himself to raise the gun and blast rock salt into the front of the creature. His chest constricted painfully, mind fighting body.
"Not quite," Castiel murmured, and the tone of his voice set Dean on edge, " we have Alistair, but he won't talk. His will is very strong, and we've arrived at an impasse."
"I just woke up, dude. My hair must be a mess, I haven't even had my coffee yet," Dean told him, smiling. Castiel surprised him by nipping the nape of his neck, and Dean was glad he had put his coffee down because he probably would have dropped it otherwise.
"Stop talking, and give her to us," Uriel demanded, voice so powerful the cabin trembled.
"All right. I like this plan. So, where's this grace of yours?" Dean asked, cracking his knuckles.
"Your friend is alive," Castiel commented, confused why his mate would ever think he would hurt someone who was obviously trying to protect to Dean.
"Bits and pieces. Being possessed by an angel is like being chained to a comet," Jimmy stuffed the rest of his burger in his mouth.
"It's Lilith. That crazy demon girl. She's coming tonight. To kill Sam." Chuck played with his fingers and looked like he expected to be smacked at any second. "She and Sam... uh. Get kind of intimate, a crazy hate sex sort of thing since she's a woman instead of a kid..."
"Jimmy. My name is Jimmy." Jimmy pressed fingers to his temples and closed his eyes like they ached. Dean just wanted to vomit, staring at the man in a mix of disgust and horror.
"No," Anna said, and Dean inwardly sighed with relief, "I just sent them far away. I don't know how I did it...it just popped into my head." Dean's eyes narrowed at her, and he turned to Sam.
"You're making yourself sound like a pedophile," Dean told him, and Castiel frowned, wounded.
Castiel heard the name and felt his feathers bristle, and his wings were the only thing that caught him from toppling over completely.
"You saved me," is the first thing Castiel said, doing the little confused head tilt thing that Dean really shouldn't find so adorable, "why?"
"No," Castiel responded, rough voice hiding an emotion that Dean couldn't place, "she has to die." Dean's legs finally gave out, and he collapsed to the floor, kneeling in front of Anna and struggling to keep himself conscious.
"I was getting too close to the humans in my charge. You. They feel I've begun to express emotions. The doorways to doubt. This can impair my judgment," Castiel told him, and Dean felt his heart shatter. He opened his eyes, looking at Castiel. The angel was staring at him just as he had from moment one, like he was a puzzle, a precious and wonderful thing the angel needed to unlock. Dean reached for Castiel for the first time, tracing fingers over his stubble just like Cas had done to him, and watched the angel's eyes flutter, licking his lips. Dean sighed, and realized his chest felt clear, and there was no headache.
Castiel could both sense and see the tension currently filling his mate. Dean's thoughts were flitting through his head too quickly for Castiel to read them clearly, but he gathered that Dean was angry, had had a very bad day, and also the distinct feeling that he was very confused. Castiel's next concern once he realized Dean was not going to be throwing fists any time soon was the shorter man in the room, and he turned to gaze at him.
"Dean, back there was some huge angel on angel violence. This is big. We can't lose the only lead we've got. Even if we did let him go, you bet the demons will be looking for him too," Sam frowned at him as if he thought Dean was being incredibly stupid.
"She was in our garrison, brother," Castiel replied, "she fell for the human world." Michael nodded using several of his true form's heads.
“Wait a minute,” Chuck said slowly, “how do you know about that?”
Sam cleared his throat, and Dean glanced at him, having a silent conversation with his younger brother, and Dean nodded. Sam took Ruby by the arm and began pulling her outside towards the Impala. Castiel didn't even glance at them, focused on Dean.
"I'm not going," Sam told him with a note of finality. Dean needed a new plan. Fast.
"I mean, I might have dreamt it. But that's a grade A douchebag move. Writing yourself into the story is one thing, but this?" Chuck let his sentence trail off and poured another glass of the strong smelling alcohol. Castiel gently grasped Dean's shoulder, thumb massaging at the tension there.
Castiel fidgeted, looking at his hands as he answered, "because we're about to destroy it." Sam and Dean looked at each other, and back at Castiel and Uriel, and the horrified way Dean was looking at Castiel made him want to flee, or maybe soothe it away. He could do neither, and so instead he looked at the floor, grace beating at him inside his vessel.
"To the motel where Sam and the demon are at," Dean didn't have time to ease him into this, "I need your help destroying her. You have an archangel tethered to you, okay? Once you're in the same vicinity, she goes up in smoke. You're the only shot I've got now."
“So I simply can't compete with Castiel, is that it, Dean?” Sam whimpered, and Dean narrowed his eyes at his brother.
The humans created weapons. They grew greedy, they committed acts of horror. They learned, albeit slowly, of the other, more twisted creatures that they shared the planet with. They began seeking out weaknesses, fighting back. Castiel admired them for that. These humans were strong, and while some might be evil and a disgrace to his Father’s name, others created beautiful art, some sang lovely hymns, and some treated others with much more kindness than was called for. Others were heroes, fighting evil with every trick and strength they had, rivaling angels in their righteous fury. Castiel learned these people called themselves
"You ask me to open that door and walk through it, you will not like what walks back out," Dean told him, voice scratchy with suppressed emotion. Castiel reached for his face, and Dean jerked it away. The angel studied his mate for a second, and never had he felt an emotion this intense, his vessel even responded to it, eyes becoming shiny and wet. Castiel pressed his fingers to them and looked at the dampness left behind, startled.
"I am nothing like you!" he shouted at her, eyes shiny again, "you FELL!"
“You kept writing?” Sam looked horrified, and Dean could relate.
Castiel returned to the hospital as soon as he had healed and cleaned himself up, mentally exhausted in a way he couldn't ever remember being. He landed beside the hospital bed, Sam had been there at first, of course, but after a few whispered pleas from the angel, the younger Winchester had reluctantly agreed to leave the angel alone with Dean. Castiel sat in a chair next to the bed, studying his mate, fingers trailing lightly over the bandages, eyes narrowed and brow crinkled in thought. He was relieved to see that Dean was now breathing on his own, and though his eyes were shut Castiel could tell he was awake.
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
"You need to be more careful," he told Dean, fingers finding the curve of his mouth, pausing at the split in the center of the lower lip.
"I didn't like hell," Dean deadpanned, making Chuck twitch. "No, you're not a god. We established that. Not your fault. Just saying, we can handle it. Hit us with it."
regarded him with curiosity, and when Bobby swung an iron at the creature's head Dean almost found himself shouting a warning;
"You okay?" she asked, shaking him gently.
Dean silently wondered if you could kill an angel in dreamland, "Don't normally see you off leash. Where's your boss?"
"This isn't over," Uriel growled, and Dean laughed.
“The seal has been broken. You all are to be sent into the very depths of hell itself. You are looking for ONE soul, and only one. Find this soul and bring it back into his body. The angel who completes this task shall be greatly rewarded.” The garrison buzzed with excitement, talking in quick words of plans and strategies, of what they would need to do. Michael clapped to get their attention, the sound like thunder, “Dean Winchester is the man you are looking for. Find Dean Winchester and bring him back to earth so the prophecy can be fulfilled.”
"Cas had something important to tell me," Dean said slowly, "please tell me you remember that." He sincerely hoped that Jimmy didn't remember anything about the relationship or what his vessel had been used for.
Turned out Anna, aka Anael, had fallen, literally, and become human. She ripped out her grace, her energy, and came to Earth, reborn as a miracle baby. This was apparently the equivalent of the worst thing you could do as an angel, and now she had a death sentence on her head from the angels' side and a torture and capture sentence on the demons' side. They were so completely screwed.
"I thought you couldn't heal me," Dean frowned, "not that I'm not grateful, but..."
"No. I don't think you are lying. But even if the demons do win..." Dean told him, a cold sneer on his face, "you won't be around to see it." In the next second, Alistair was gone, and Dean startled, whirling around to see the demon behind him.
"This is too much to ask,
"Whoa, whoa, whoa," Dean's voice was weak and raspy, and Castiel shivered, "okay, I know she's wiretapping your angel chats or whatever, but it's no reason to gank her." Castiel almost sighed in exasperation, it was so typical of his mate to defend another even as he was dying himself. Others, not himself, were always first in Dean's book.
"Who's murdering the angels? How are they doing it?" Sam demanded, and Dean shivered at the tone and raw power of his little brother. Castiel watching from the floor, eyes wide.
