“What’s the problem?”
Hopping of the counter, Castiel smiles, "What are you doing this weekend?"
“It was so great to hang out with you, Castiel. I hope you had great night,” Jessica smiles sweetly, her voice like music. She hugs him tightly and releases him to turn to Sam, “Can you walk me home?”
*****
“You’re spending way too much time with Jessica,” Dean whistles, giving him an amused smirk. “Quick, tell me, what’s my horoscope?”
Tipping his head back in a laugh and wrapping his arms around Cas’ waist, Dean looks down at him in disbelief, “I think you just did, babe.”
Dean loved somebody else after Castiel.
“Tell me to stop,” Dean lets out a husky groan, dropping his head to kiss Castiel’s ear. “Please, Cas, or I swear I’ll take you right here, right now.”
“I forgot that you’re not much of a morning person,” Chuckling, Dean walks around the kitchen to sit at the high-top counter beside Cas. “What’re you working on now?”
Of all the heavenly rules he could break, he didn’t expect it to be this one. Falling in love with a human seemed like a long shot but, here he is, throwing caution to the wind and defying all orders from heaven to stay by Dean’s side.
Inhaling deeply, Castiel tries to reign himself in, to get some control over the situation before he gives in entirely. His body feels supercharged under Dean’s hands and mouth, caving into Dean’s magnetic force. This is a familiar - the sensation of wanting to be pulled into the current of a heady undertow. Whether it’s pills or Dean, the rush is the same.
Castiel opens the door for his sister, and she gives him a curtsy in return, “Such a gentleman!”
“Why d’you gotta be such a goddamn pain in my ass?” Dean half-shouts, his neck suddenly feeling very warm, “Kansas isn’t even where I wanted to go to school!”
They walk into the quaint coffee shop, a small establishment that they both used to go to when they were in high school. Off to the side, his favorite table still idly sits away from the bustle of the front counter. Facing out the window onto the street, Castiel spent a lot of time reading or writing or thinking at that table; especially after he no longer had anyone to sit there and talk to for hours on end.
“I think you’re mistaken.”
Capturing Castiel’s bottom lip between his teeth, Dean smiles, “Yeah…” His eyes are dark and lust-blown, and his cheeks are rosy with a blush, “Wanted to surprise you.”
John appears in the doorway, his face set in anger, “Where the hell have you been?”
“What is it?” Dean asks weakly.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dean can feel a blush creeping up his neck. “He’s just a friend.”
Dean raises a brow, “Where was that?”
Castiel doesn’t have time to process his thoughts before they turn into actions, and he simply resigns himself to the fact that there is no stopping this. He will always crave Dean more than anything else on this planet. He will always want Dean more than the drugs, but he doesn’t know how to stop this addiction any more than he can stop himself from loving Dean. He is given an impossible choice – if it even is a choice at all – and it’s slowly tearing him apart, bit by bit until there will be nothing left of him. There will only be a shell; something hollow and useless. So, what does he do? He presses his dry lips to the firm outline of Dean’s, but there is no response.
The guy has dark hair and light blue eyes. Fucking great, just what Dean needs – another distraction.
“And you have the rings?”
The silence stretches itself into the flat line that is Dean’s heartbeat, sucking all life out of the room. A lump forms in Dean’s throat and his eyes sting, so he forces himself to look away as his body slumps against the glass of the window in defeat. This isn’t how it's supposed to be, he thinks. But it is, and there’s no changing that. Dean can’t force Castiel to love him anymore than he can take control of his own future.
end you.”
Dean shakes his head, lifting his hand to trail a finger down Cas’ flushed cheek, “No, my dad didn’t let me apply to any schools over here. All the good football ones are Midwest or East Coast.”
Normally, Castiel wouldn’t notice if someone slept in a different room, but he does notice that Dean stopped sleeping on the cot in the infirmary two nights ago. He notices the way Jo and Dean spend more time together; the way she dotes on him, tending to his injuries and helping him around the house. He notices when Dean comes out of her bedroom as Castiel quietly tiptoes down the stairs at the crack of dawn. He notices the hickey peeking out from under Dean’s shirt collar.
Gabriel whines as Jo drags him from the room, closing the door behind them. Castiel can still faintly hear Gabriel throwing a tantrum as he stomps down the stairs. Dean doesn't move from where he is standing, staring at Castiel like he's the sun.
“You saw that.”
Cas pauses for a moment before asking, “Do you remember the night we went to that party?”
“What did you just say to—”
Cas nods, “I found it inspiring.”
Dean looks up, “How are you doing, Penny?”
Dean spins around, arms spread wide, “Look around. They don’t want us here, not together. And this is San Francisco, Cas! It’s the kingdom of gays or something like that, and I can’t even hold your hand in public here.”
“Do you want to move to the backseat? There’s more room back there,” Dean’s hands are quick to work off Castiel’s coat and button-up.
Castiel accepts her offer and tastes the broth dripping from its metal edge. He hums an encouragement and gives her a thumbs-up.
Huffing like the prissy smart-ass he is, Sam cocks an eyebrow, “Then why go there?”
“Drop the act, Winchester,” Gordon drawl, rolling his eyes and crossing his arms over his chest. “How long have you been sucking the foster kid’s dick?”
Resting his forehead on Castiel’s, Dean releases a heavy sigh, “Cas, you can’t talk like that, baby.”
Castiel rounds the corner, adjusting his blue tie, his face flushed pink and his lips red and swollen; he looks absolutely wrecked. He saunters across the room, straddling Dean’s lap, and nips just above the collar of Dean’s shirt, extracting a groan from him.
“Go on, then. He’s probably waitin’ on you.” Castiel turns to leave, but Ellen grabs his wrist and says, “Dean’s a sweet boy. He just doesn’t always know what he wants.”
“People change,” Castiel responds, giving Dean a faint smile.
“No…thank you, Dean.”
They smile and laugh, their bodies intertwined in an entirely new way. Castiel would melt into Dean in a million different ways if he had the time to try.
He hangs on every word Dean says, trailing behind him with his eyes wide and his heart open. There must be an invisible tether maintaining him in an unrelenting orbit around the eldest Winchester. Because, even when he doesn’t need to be near Dean, he watches over him, wings spread out in a canopy above the human. Keeping tabs on Dean’s movements and health has become second nature to him. Castiel can’t imagine anything worse happening to the world than losing Dean Winchester. That’s the second clue of his growing endearment.
Dean stops rummaging through his dresser to glare over at Sam. Is he joking? Dean
“Not everyone can play, there are ten of us,” Jo prompts.
Pamela shrugs and steals a grape off Jo’s tray, “Well, honey, if angels looked like something, they would look like you, because you are one of God’s best creations.”
“No. I don’t bother going to the trouble of getting my hands on anything.”
"I love you," Dean reminds him. Resting his hands on the younger boy's trembling ones, he wonders what he can do to make this easier on Cas. "Look at me, please."
He takes in a sharp breath. Closes his eyes. Accepts that this is a battle he will lose.
“You’re very good at that,” She says breathlessly. Pushing her hair back from her sweaty forehead, she sits up on her elbows to meet his gaze.
He closes his eyes and listens to the wind calling his name, telling him nonsense secrets that he will never need to keep. The wind whispers to him to sleep beside his mother, curled in a ball, waiting for the world to change.
Bringing the camera away from his face, Castiel smiles faintly, “All I ever wanted was you.”
used to.
Taking even one step away from Cas and towards the general direction of Anna feels like the end all over again, but he nods to the Singers and goes to help his friend like he knows he is supposed to.
"D-Dean..." Castiel stutters, his voice low and gravelly. He's realizes that he's shaking slightly and jerks away from Dean a little bit. "We need to be aware of how much water we are using... You know, with water conservation and everything."
“Screw you.”
The pressure becomes too much for Dean, and he comes in his jeans with a shudder, yanking Castiel down to him in an urgent kiss. He nips and licks his way into Cas’ mouth, continuing to grind his hips against Castiel’s trapped erection.
“When my mom was still alive, she used to take me on a walk every time it rained. She loved the rain,” Cas huffs out a laugh and smiles. It’s not a full smile; it’s a little sad, like Cas knows that if she were still alive, maybe they would still go on those walks.
As he approaches the Singer’s home, Castiel gazes at the serenity of their street. These homes are exactly what Castiel has always dreamt of, and the life within each one is that of a fairy tale. The Singer’s enormous Victorian home towers over him, leering, almost as though it were reprimanding him for running and hiding when he knows that there is a house full of people within its walls who love him unconditionally. The windows shine with a soft orange glow, and he can hear Adam playing the piano from where he stands on the front steps.
Dean quickly starts the car and he drives until they reach an abandoned house by the beach. He parks behind the garage, facing the water, and cuts the engine. He nervously taps his thumbs against the steering wheel. No matter how many times they do this, Dean is always so freaking nervous. It's probably the fear of fucking up and forcing Cas into a state of panic, although he would never admit that.
He glances in the rearview mirror and catches a glimpse of the house across the street. Once a heavenly white color, someone has now painted the antique colonial a happy yellow with bright flowers lining the walkway that leads up to the door. There aren’t any stray footballs or cleats left lazily on the porch. The trellis leading up to Dean’s old bedroom has been removed, and in its place, ivy now grows up that side of the house. Most importantly, though, is the fact that there isn’t a massive black car parked in the driveway.
Blushing deeply, Castiel pulls away slightly and elbows at Dean’s ribs playfully. In retaliation, Dean captures him in his strong arms and pulls the younger boy to him. They wrestle for moment until Castiel turns his head abruptly and catches Dean’s lips in a kiss.
Blatantly attempting to cover his smile, Castiel tries his best to seem genuinely offended, “I’m pretty sure that I would know what my favorite kind of pizza is.”
Frozen under Dean’s gaze, Castiel blurts out, “I’ll always want you.”
Shaking his head and smiling weakly, Cas tips Dean's face upwards. Their eyes meet and Dean releases a shaky breath. Castiel smiles, "You could never hurt me."
“Yes,” Castiel admits with a shy smile. “Back at Ellen’s, I have a shoebox in my closet full of pictures of you and the family. I haven’t looked at them in years, though.”
Castiel shoves a leg between the older boy’s thighs before returning his attention to Dean’s mouth, swallowing the urgent noise that escapes his lips. “Hush, your family is home,” He whispers. He feels Dean’s hands finally move from their rigid spot by his sides to the hem of Castiel’s shirt, sliding up the planes of Castiel’s chest.
could be.”
*****
“It’s sad,” Jo says. “It’s sad that they can’t just
“You’re late.”
“You left,” Dean says simply, not knowing what to say now that he is finally here. He spent the entire drive thinking of everything he was going to yell at Cas, but now he can’t recall a single bit of it. “You were just gone.”
"I know," Castiel says, taking a small step towards Dean, “only what Jo has told me.”
Cas makes his way to Dean, picking up the pair of jeans Dean must have dropped when he caught sight of Cas. But once the jeans are in his possession, Cas doesn’t move away. Actually, Dean’s pretty sure Cas just took another step closer; their chests are almost touching. Cas leans in a bit more, and Dean’s positive that he is about to be kissed. But he was mistaken; instead, Cas gently shuts the open dresser drawer behind Dean. Dean releases the breath he must have been holding. Castiel smirks and walks back to his original position by the bed.
Laughing, Castiel answers with a noncommittal hum. Dean leads him into the bathroom and they both wash off, only to return to Dean’s room. They crawl into bed and tangle their naked limbs together, kissing lazily. The sounds of a spring storm bring them to a quiet slumber, wrapped around each other tightly. The last conscious thought in Castiel’s mind is that he has never felt as loved as he does when he is wrapped in Dean’s arms.
“You still pissed at me?”
"Cas...s'good, baby, feels good," Making shallow thrusts into Cas' hand, Dean kisses the sensitive skin below his ear. Fumbling to reach for the bottle of lube, Dean distracts Cas from his movements by pinching his nipple between his index finger and thumb. With the small bottle in hand, Dean pulls away and pours a generous amount into his free hand.
“Well, he did find out, Dean! And then you let him drag you away as I watched,” Cas feels the anger rise in him. “I mean, you could have just told me that, instead of telling me that you never fucking loved me – that you wanted to break me. Who fucking does that?”
From the other room, Dean asks, “Do you really mean that, Cas?”
“Cas?”
He rolls his eyes. “No, and I haven’t been doing drugs either. I’m still on my clean slate, remember? It’s been a month, have some faith in me, Sharon.”
This Cas has control. This Cas is strong, demanding, and relentless. Dean loves this Cas with a ferocity that scares him at times. He adores the way in which Cas just knows exactly what to do and how to do it, leaving Dean aching for more. The other Cas is quiet and unsteady, having to hand over the power to Dean. The other Cas knows nothing about receiving the pleasure that he so willingly gives because he fears that he is unworthy of it. Dean has tried so damn hard to show him just how much he deserves to be worshipped, but that's hard to do when he can't touch the younger boy without him falling apart. He still loves him deeply, though.
It’s not that he’s actively avoiding Dean like he was before. Something has changed between them, but Castiel is still cautious, anticipating another fall out. Because, at this point, he knows a relapse is inevitable. He knows that the possibility of him falling into old habits is a lot more likely than staying on the beaten path.
“That explains the headache,” Castiel winces at the sharp pain spiking through his skull.
“No, I don’t,” Dean spits back with a frown, voice cracking and face contorting in agony, and shakes his head. He cracks the door open and looks over his shoulder one last time, whispering, “I’m gonna sleep on the couch. Let me know when you love me more than those pills.”
A tight feeling clenches at Dean’s stomach as he scans the road carefully. Gordon’s words are echoing in his head. He’s got two months left; two months to figure out a way to stay together. His stomach feels as though it is full of lead. Dean knows there isn't much hope for the two of them, but it still hasn't stopped him from dreaming of it. He always feels one step behind, like he’s never going to be able to catch up. He feels like he’s drowning.
Dean stares blankly at his notes. The room is quiet; the intensity of it could slice through stone. He knows everyone thinks he’s an idiot, even Dean thinks so.
“I’m pretty good at taking the lead,” Dean smirks, pulling Cas a little closer to him. “Someone has to make the first –"
“The usual for me,” Dean slides his unopened menu to Penny.
“Fuck. They’re in the glove box.” He pushes himself off her and leans over the front seat, returning with a condom in hand. Anna snatches the package from him and rips it open with her teeth, rolling it onto him urgently.
All the teenagers have gathered in the kitchen, passing around plastic cups and soda. Castiel stays by Dean’s side, not sure where he fits in. He notices Adam is also standing quietly on the sidelines.
“No,” Castiel whispers after a moment to consider this possibility. “It wouldn’t be.” Nodding in agreement, Dean stands and tucks his gun into the holster he wears around his thigh. Turning his back, Dean heads for the door, and Castiel considers calling after him, begging him to stay, to talk, to take him back. But the words catch in his throat, drowning him the second Dean is out of sight.
*****
“Even if it was, what could I do about it?” He groans helplessly, staring up at the ceiling of the car.
Just as he expected, the beach is empty. He drops his backpack in the damp sand and walks to the water. The waves shake and shiver with every gust of wind but continue to follow the moon’s unrelenting heartbeat. Lazily dragging his body back to where his bag lies, Castiel tightens his windbreaker around his shivering body and lies down among the dunes, letting the rain soak through to his bones. He falls asleep there, without caring whether he will make it home for dinner or if someone might worry about where he has gone.
Shaking his head hastily, Castiel rasps, "No..."
. I think we’d like to make it official.”
When he pulls up to his house, he drags his bike into the backyard before stopping inside to grab a change of clothes.
He shrugs and picks up a paper from the table, reading the words on it but not processing the meaning.
The use of his full first name takes Castiel aback for a moment as he tries to rack his brain for a reason – why is Dean doing this, why is he leaving him, why is this happening tonight of all nights? This can’t be real; this has to be a nightmare, the worst one yet.
"You're going down, Winchester!"
“God, I hope so,” Smiling, Dean kisses Cas’ forehead. “Maybe one day I can return the favor.”
Her memory and personality are beginning to fade and change as the tumors in her brain grow and multiply day in and day out. She forgets Castiel’s name. She doesn’t remember where the bathroom is. She breaks down into tears or into a fit of laughter at the drop of a hat.
This isn’t exactly Castiel’s area of expertise. He clears his throat, “Do you like her?”
The sensation of Dean's hands and mouth on his body overwhelms Castiel, sending him into a frenzy. He clings to the bed, twisting his hands into the sheets and arching his back. He stutters franticly, “D-dean, can we, please, um, please sl-slow down…I can’t - I need to be able to think for a second.” Without complaint, Dean pulls off his cock with a wet pop, pressing a light kiss to his hipbone.
“Good,” Cas giggles, leaning forward to smile at Dean. “Do you like boys?”
“Are your grandparents wealthy?”
“You’re so tight, Cas,” Dean moans, licking the underside of Castiel’s cock. He adds a second finger, building momentum as he pumps his hand. A slight crook of his fingers sends Castiel gasping for air again. “I wanna make this perfect for you.”
*****
As he walks out the door, she shouts something about him having a happy birthday.
“You look like a man…” Robert sputters, and then it dawns on him to ask, “How is your mother? God, it's been so long.”
Sharon shrugs, "You don't like the things you've experienced, but it's how you let your experiences affect you that makes you who you are."
“Holy shit,” Ellen’s words force a smile onto his face. “Cas, baby, you’re famous.”
To Castiel’s surprise and relief, after assessing him thoroughly, he discovers that Dean will likely be okay. Dean inhales sharply through clenched teeth as Castiel prods along his ribcage, checking for any further signs of breakage.
Castiel doesn’t bother responding, instead he wraps a hand around Dean’s neck and brings him into a crushing kiss, licking into the sweet taste of his mouth. Dean releases a soft groan in response, peeling Castiel off the wall and leading them down the hall to the bedroom. They scramble through the doorway, bumping into Dean’s dresser on the way in, and Castiel gasps with surprise when the backs of his knees hit the mattress. He falls backwards, clutching to Dean’s shirt and taking Dean with him.
Cas looks up from his book to shoot her a quick glare. He murmurs, “No, and I doubt there will be any.”
“You’re totally into him,” Jo smiles devilishly. “God, I can feel the sexual tension.”
Castiel swallows hard at the sob creeping up his throat, “Did you ever love me?”
“I can’t put him in that kind of position, Sammy,” Turning on his blinker, Dean glances out of the corner of his eyes at his brother in the passenger seat. He pulls into the school parking lot. “I mean, you saw what Dad did to me; imagine what he would do if he found out the entire truth. He’d kill Cas without a second thought, and then he’d kill me too.”
The nervousness sets in all over again, sending Dean into overdrive, “I just –” He sits up straighter and focuses on keeping his voice level. “I was at this party and she was really drunk – I went to get her some water. I came back and she was gone. He had taken her…”
“Yes, she is. We called her guardians, and they will be here soon.” Proffering yet another small smile to the shaking teenage boy beside her, Officer Mills continues, “I need you to tell me what happened—“
Looking at him with a heartbroken gaze, Dean asks, “Do you hurt right now?”
“You’ve gotta talk to him, Dean,” Sam declares suddenly, reaching to turn down the car’s stereo. “He misses you.”
Dean doesn’t feel an ounce of anxiety as they get in line and file onto the plane, loosely holding hands and walking down the ramp. When the plane is full, and the pilots begin the preparing for takeoff, Dean sighs with content as he rests his head on the shoulder of the only person he will ever love.
Pamela raises her brow, “And you aren’t? Honestly, Winchester, you’ve been looking at him just as much as I have.”
“No – well, yes – but I don’t even like girls.”
As Dean presses him against the nearest wall, hands sliding up Castiel’s sides, he holds Castiel’s face in his hands and nibbles on his lower lip, dragging a groan out of Castiel’s mouth. Dean seizes the opportunity to slip his tongue into Castiel’s open mouth and pushes a leg between the younger man’s parted thighs. Castiel moans again, breathing heavy as Dean pulls away, his eyes dark with want.
With the heat cranked up and the storm blowing in around them, wind whistling past the car, Sam reveals in a whisper, “I’m going to miss you.”
“My editor wants me in the city by Friday,” Cas replies, his long fingers expertly navigating the keys on his laptop as he turns his head to face Dean. “We could leave on Thursday morning and come back on Sunday.”
“Dean, what about - ”
“Castiel, what happened?”
“Never be sorry for something that isn’t your fault.”
"Why don't you join us for dinner, Anna?" Ellen sets down her fork and looks up at the girl. "We have a new member to the family."
Gordon throws Castiel to the floor, “I can make your life Hell. Remember that, faggot.” As if Gordon wants to make a point, Castiel receives a swift kick to his gut. The pain is bearable. It’s nothing life-threatening, that’s for sure.
“What the hell did I do last night?”
“This place is amazing.”
A little laugh passes his lips, and Castiel bites back a smile just in time, “You’re not
“I fucking told you to split that group up, because they were planning on stealing that car and a ton of supplies, but what did you do?”
“You good?” Dean has an easy smile, relaxed in the familiar seat of his car.
On the dance floor, Dean smoothly pulls Cas to him, placing his hands on the small of the younger man’s back as Cas snakes his arms around Dean’s neck. Etta James’ sultry voice crackles through the speakers.
“I hate you.”
“He just left. I can’t believe it.”
Lady lifts her head and snorts, her tongue hanging out of her mouth loosely. Castiel swears she is the ugliest cute dog he has ever seen. “Lazarus, let’s go!”
“It has been forty-five minutes since a series of attacks in several major U.S. and global cities have occurred. An estimated 100 people are dead in the U.S., and even more are infected with a strange new disease. It appears that an unrecognizable form of rapidly transmittable rabies is leading men, women, and even children to attack strangers in broad daylight.” The news anchor speaks calmly with an air of reserve that Castiel simultaneously loathes and admires. The news anchor continues, “Outbreaks of the unknown infection have taken place in New York, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., Chicago, and Dallas. Smaller towns across the nation have also reported outbreaks. The President has declared a national emergency. Stay-at-home orders have been put in place and officials – ”
Just as he's sitting up straight, Missouri rounds the corner, "Tell your boyfriend to stop making nasty phone calls while you're workin'."
“You sound pretty sure that I’m going to say yes.”
His breath hitches as Cas pushes a finger into his entrance in one quick motion. His eyes fly open in time to see Cas sit back against the door and pull Dean's lower half into his lap with one leg on either side of him. With a small growl, Cas looks at Dean and swirls his finger, forcing a loud groan from Dean, "Close your eyes."
Pushing Cas onto his back, Dean wedges himself between Cas’ thighs and slots their hips together, feeling the burgeoning erection through Cas’ jeans. He grinds his hips down and skillfully begins unbuttoning Cas’ shirt until his chest is bare and the skin is readily available to him. Skimming his fingers across the new expanse of skin, Dean pinches one of Cas’ nipples between his thumb and index finger and presses a delicate kiss to the shell of his ear.
With a feigned confidence in his step, he crosses the room and takes a seat beside Dean, but he stays far enough away that Castiel can’t smell the clean scent of Dean’s soap or feel the heat radiating off him.
They gather up their bags and head indoors, walking down the long hall towards the door to their condo. Dean unlocks it and swings it open, revealing a massive room lined with windows overlooking a lake and miles of snow-covered forest. Castiel enters cautiously, setting his bags down by the door and admiring his surroundings. “This is beautiful,” He murmurs softly, glancing around before bounding up the stairs to the loft area. A king bed covered in a white down blanket and enormous blue and white pillows sits directly in the center of the room, facing the large windows.
Dean left.
“No one would miss you,” He whispers, digging his fingernail into the soft fat of his inner thigh and wincing at the spark of pain. “You are unlovable.”
Castiel frowns down at the cup of coffee in his hand and sighs when the silence settles over the kitchen. It is the first mission either of them has gone on without giving or receiving a kiss goodbye. It feels all wrong, like it’s cursed in some way. Castiel swears Dean planned the mission simply to get away from him or to spite him. Probably both. Either way, it’s working, because last night Castiel prayed for the first time in two years.
“No, love, I’m not,” Castiel rushes forward with a burst of energy, kissing Dean gently to soothe the worried look on his face. “It’s something else. It’s about me.”
“I meant what I said,” Resting his hands on Cas’ hips, a smile spreads across Dean’s face. “I like you.”
“Take off your shirt,” He commands softly, pulling his own off and smiling when he catches Dean gazing at him helplessly. He flings the garment onto the floor, pointing at Dean and saying, "C'mon, stud. Take it off." He laughs when Dean unceremoniously pulls the shirt over his head and throws it into a corner of the room.
The black Impala that had been idling outside his houses signals and turns back onto the street. Castiel watches from the window as his heart beats a steady thrum against his chest, begging for release. He sighs from his spot on the bay window seat. Why hasn’t Dean called, and why would he drive all the way over here just to leave without coming inside? Maybe Dean realized that the other day was a mistake. It was only a matter of time…
When he’s good and numbed, sinking into the couch, Castiel turns on the T.V. to find that there is nothing but static on every single channel. No internet. No signal. No connection. Even the radio is dead silent. There is only the crackling of white noise and the sense of being disjointed. It’s beginning to feel like the end, and, if he wasn’t high as all hell right now, Castiel would be shitting bricks.
“Ready?” Turning to Cas, Dean waits for Cas to smile and then pulls out of the driveway, “Let’s hit the road, Jack.”
Ellen shoots a glance in their direction, “Joanna, y'know we don't treat our siblings like that. Gabe, apologize to Castiel. Jo, you say you’re sorry too.”
*****
“Don’t you have your own room?”
Angel radio kicks on at high volume and Castiel is inundated by the input of thousands of angels screaming in unison, clouding all his other senses. He crumples to his knees, covering his ears in vain, as the chorus of fear and horror renders him useless.
Sam claps a hand on his back, “We’re all happy to have you here.”
And Dean does. Castiel, who has lived in heaven, a place of pure and astounding cosmic perfection, discovers that making love to Dean Winchester far surpasses any unearthly experience he’s had. Once Castiel is aching with want, fingernails digging into the blades of Dean’s shoulders, Dean gently slides his fingers out. He catches Castiel in a kiss as he slowly bottoms out, and Castiel is reminded of what it felt like to be whole.
Cas shrugs, obviously not sure how to broach the topic, “If this were to get out, Sam, he could lose everything.”
Dean's a little surprised when Cas places a hand firm against his chest and pushes him away, "Y-you alright?"
“Do your parents know about this?” Castiel asks. The answer is obvious, but Castiel feels he needs to ask anyways.
Tilting his head to the side, Cas gives him a faint smile, "Sit down on the bed. Take off your socks and shoes."
and now he’s going to get me
“I wouldn’t kill myself,” Cas argues half-heartedly. “I have you, so I don’t need to.”
He hangs on every word Dean says, trailing behind him with his eyes wide and his heart open. There must be an invisible tether maintaining him in an unrelenting orbit around the eldest Winchester brother. Because even when he doesn’t need to be near Dean, he watches over him, wings spread out in a canopy above the human. Keeping tabs on Dean’s movements and health has become second nature to him. Castiel can’t imagine anything worse happening to the world than losing Dean Winchester. That’s the second clue of his growing endearment.
Castiel fumbles a little when John shoves a camera in his hands and commands him to take a picture of the Winchester family. He does it anyways and smiles at John when he mutters a thank you. Castiel lifts his eyes from John’s face and that’s when Dean catches his eye. With a smug grin, Dean shoots Cas one last glance before lining up beside Gabe and Jo for a photo of the three of them holding up their diplomas. After a few more pictures, they all head back to the Singer’s house for dinner. The food is good and everyone is in high spirits for celebration. Dean eats at least three slices of apple pie before clambering up three flights of stairs to the den where all the “young folk” (as Bobby puts it) are hanging out.
“I don’t know what to do.”
Cas trails one of his hands down his chest, stopping at his slacks to unfasten them. He bends down to pull them off, along with his boxers. Dean's breath catches in his throat when Cas straightens back up, completely naked.
Castiel pulls Dean’s face back to his, craving the taste of him. Their lips meet again, rougher this time. Taking his time, Castiel licks into Dean’s mouth with the tip of his tongue, lowering his hands down to Dean’s ass to feel the curve of it. Groaning, Dean wiggles his hips against Castiel’s, running his tongue across the roof of the younger boy’s mouth.
“Both of you watch it,” Bobby snaps, glancing between the two of them. “The two of you can do the dishes tonight.”
“Could you be nice for once, Anna?” Adam sets down his glass of water in exasperation and everyone stops eating to look up. He rarely ever speaks. “I go to school and put up with assholes like you all day and when I come back here, I want to enjoy my time.”
Dean kisses him, murmuring roughly, “I need you, Cas.”
Sorry to disappoint if you received a notification and thought this fic updated with a new chapter. This story is officially over, but I recently published the first chapter of my new story!
“I would never hurt you again,” Moving closer, Dean reaches out to brush the tears from Castiel’s face, and he lets him. “I promise. I couldn’t live with myself if I did. You have to believe me when I say that I would never, ever hurt you again.”
Dean catches Cas’ bottom lip between his teeth and pulls at it, pushing Cas down onto the bed and hovering over him. Licking into Cas' mouth, Dean flicks his tongue across Cas' bottom lip and clutches at his shirt desperately. Their tongues dance together, deepening the kiss. Castiel makes a little noise in the back of his throat, encouraging Dean to grind down onto him.
“Should we get high before dinner?” Castiel asks, lying upside down off his bed, “I have some weed in my sock drawer.”
“Yeah, I’m on my way. Where do I pick you up?”
The words fill the air, hanging there, slowly killing the last hope Dean had that maybe, just maybe this kid was a happy one.
Sam returns the smile, “No, Cas, you don’t have to hide your love anymore.”
Jo gets up, “Tell Castiel that, not me.”
He’d been with a slew of women in college. All of them meaningless to him. When he came back to Pacifica after graduating, he ran into Lisa Braeden at a grocery store. It was perfect timing. John Winchester was still hung up on Dean’s sexual preferences, and Dean was desperately trying to get into his father’s good graces. So, the relationship served as a cover, and a great one at that. Dean even managed to convince himself that he was straight for a while. Even after John was cut off from the family, Dean kept up his relationship with Lisa, dead set on distracting himself from the aching hole in his chest. He wanted so badly to fulfil that dream – the gorgeous wife, the white picket fence, the two kids – but it wasn’t his dream.
As Dean heads upstairs, he can hear them arguing, then a smacking noise and the angry grumble of the usual “dumb bitch” followed by a quiet whimper from his mother. At the top of the stairs Sammy stands, wearing a ratty old t-shirt that used to be Dean’s and some boxers. He glances at Dean before looking past him and down the stairs.
“Y’know, you could’ve brought your boyfriend with you…”
“That all you have?”
“Take off the rest of your clothes,” He orders as he fumbles with the zipper of his own jeans. “And get on the bed.”
Seizing a handful of Dean’s shirt and shaking him violently, Gordon growls, “You better not say anything about this to nobody, you hear me?”
“Nothing happened,” he mutters, glancing at the clock. “It was an accident, just like I told the police.”
He brushes himself off and offers Dean a weak smile before stumbling down the hall and into the bathroom. Castiel nearly falls to his knees when the pain becomes too much, but somehow Dean’s at his side, holding him up.
Cas pulls away, looking around with wild eyes, “Dean, people could see us.”
“I’ve got no idea what you’re talking about.” Running a hand over his face, Dean shakes his head and releases a shaky sigh. His voice trembles slightly, but he continues, “I’m just like everyone else.”
“I don’t mind,” She looks over at Cas, who has already started the trek back to the car. “Make sure he’s okay, will you?”
,” Angrily, Dean pounds his fists against the steering wheel. “Sick sons of bitches like that go to jail for years! He can’t just get away with it.”
"Oh! Naughty boy..." Anna tsks playfully as he stoops to pick it up. Pulling her hood over her head, she teases him, "Don’t you think ya’ had enough?"
my problem, and I’m going to go get him.”
He looks over at his social worker, wishing she’d disappear. She keeps looking at him like he’s going to steal something. For Christ’s sake, he’s going to live here, why the hell would he steal anything?
She nods in agreement, “You’re right. No one does. As I said, you were the only survivor, and you refuse to tell us anything that could possibly help you.”
“There’s no reason to hide now,” Castiel smiles.
Eventually – to Castiel's relief – Gordon and his friends leave. Castiel feels like he can breathe again. The April air filters into the shop through the open front door and with it comes the live music. It's a nice evening and the store stays busy until closing. Finally, at 7:00, Castiel flips the sign to 'Closed' and finishes ringing up the last two customers before shutting up shop.
Dean’s hands reach up, cradling Castiel’s face as it contorts with anguish, the pain of the past evident in the cry that escapes his lips.
“I’m excited for Thanksgiving,” Cas turns onto his side, curling into Dean’s chest. “It’s been a few years since I’ve had a Thanksgiving dinner.”
“What’s Cas gonna do when you leave?”
“I don’t go to parties.”
He rides out Dean’s orgasm until his muscles tighten and a spasm shoots through his body, wrecking him in the process. Even after the haze of his orgasm washes away, Castiel gently shifts his hips, savoring the feel of Dean wrapped around him before he pulls out, walking to the bathroom to grab a towel.
“Because I’ve told that lie enough times to know better than to believe it.”
“Honey, you are still Dean, and he is still Castiel. All of that shared history, good or bad, is still there. The only difference between now and then is that you’ve both matured. It amazes me that you’ve kept your distance for so long, because of something that happened 8 years ago. Dean, circumstances have changed. Your father is not controlling your life, you are not in the closet, and what happened with Gordon was taken care of years ago.”
*****
"Shit, Cas," Dean huffs, feeling the loss when Cas removes his fingers to get undressed. There's a lot of rustling behind him and the sound of a packet being opened, then Cas's hands are back on his hips. Lining himself up, Cas slides into Dean inch by inch.
“Sometimes I watch the television without sound, so I won’t wake you.”
Castiel huffs, “Why am I not on the list?” He’s trying to act angry, but, in reality, he wants so badly to reach out and brush his finger along Dean’s brow, ceasing the worry and planning with a simple touch. He must stop himself from doing it out of habit. They don’t touch like that anymore…
“Dean?”
“Cas, stop being so damn modest. You’ve been on the New York Time’s Bestseller list twice. You have book signings, tours, and T.V. interviews all the time!”
“Like I’m gonna cry as soon as I see her.”
Sliding his hands under Castiel’s shirt and pressing a hungry kiss to the corner of Castiel’s mouth, Dean’s touch is insistent. The pull of his lips is suffocating, drawing all strength from Castiel’s body.
Tipping his head slightly and leaning forward, Dean pecks Cas’ salty lips, “But one day, you’re gonna have to do it for yourself.”
“You good? Can I go get you some clean clothes? I don’t wanna come back and find you on the floor with your skull split open.”
“What do you mean ‘about time’?”
“But I thought we could—“
Dean gives Cas a once-over and asks, “You need something dry to wear?”
Not really. He hasn’t bothered to. It seems pointless to grow attached only to be ripped away again after a few months.
Dean could ask him to go anywhere or do anything and, without a second thought, Castiel would say, “Of course.” Because his presence in Dean’s life is a guarantee. He will always come when Dean calls. This is the third signal that he is in love.
Clenching his teeth, Dean breathes heavily through his nose, “Sammy, drop it, c’mon.”
“Do you like your new foster parents?”
Lady stares at him dumbly, pawing at him playfully and panting, she doesn’t have a single care in the world.
He does not want to be a broken person who is missing pieces; he wishes to be whole; he wishes he had an identity untainted by human cruelty; he wishes he could go one week without a nightmare; he wishes he could let go of all reservations and allow his boyfriend to touch him the way boyfriends touch each other. Castiel knows that he is not whole and that he never will be, but this is a step towards creating another patch for a hole in his soul, and that will do for now.
Castiel says the admission so timid it could have easily been mistaken for the wind whispering outside. But it is enough, and Dean smiles, his real smile this time - the twinkle finally reaching his eyes. There is light to be found here, in this dark space between them, and Dean is the beacon.
“And you ended it because…?”
Castiel hums happily against Dean’s warm lips, “Hm, what have you been thinking?”
“Yes, Dean?”
He starts off slow, grinding his hips and watching Dean’s naked form arch to each shallow thrust. Eventually, though, his strokes grow longer and harder, pulling out so that he can shove back into Dean. Castiel smiles in triumph when Dean calls out, “Oh, fuck!”
“Oh my God, mom, I think Castiel is awake,” Jo releases Castiel’s hand and runs into another room, most likely to get Ellen.
“I’ve only been home for a few weeks.”
"Cas! No...no, please," He whines, squeezing Cas' hips in a desperate attempt to keep him in place.
“About twenty minutes. Relax,” Dean chides, reaching across the bench to hold Castiel’s hand with his free one. “We’re almost there.”
Dean isn’t sure what he’s supposed to do. Comforting someone isn’t exactly his
They urgently pull away at the sound of the elevator dinging, signaling that they have arrived on the tenth floor, and briskly walk down the hallway without a word. Castiel swipes the key card at the door, opening it as Dean hurries inside, dropping his bags on the floor and turning to see Cas shut the door behind him. Taking a step into Dean’s space, Cas drops his own bags with a thud, pushing Dean up against the nearest wall. He slots their mouths, licking and sucking in Dean’s mouth. His hands skillfully rid Dean of his leather jacket and sweater, flinging them to the floor without care.
Castiel can’t keep himself from asking, “Are you guys okay?”
Sitting up on his elbows, Cas wraps a hand around Dean’s neck and pulls him down into a chaste kiss, “I like you, too.”
He looks at the clock and instantly quiets, nodding a goodbye, “Time’s up. See you in two weeks.”
"No touching, Winchester," Teasingly, Cas hovers over Dean's mouth with his swollen lips. He grabs Dean by the hips and lays him out on the backseat, continuing to hover over him with a smile. With nimble fingers, he pulls Dean's shirt over his head and unfastens his jeans, tossing both aside.
“You’re awesome,” Dean kisses Castiel, cupping Castiel’s cheek. One kiss leads to two and two leads to three; it doesn’t take long for the boys to be completely focused on the movement of lips and tongues and hands. Obviously, Dean isn’t ready to end the date, and Castiel doesn’t really feel the need to go home just yet either. Dean breaks away and trails sloppy kisses down Castiel’s jaw, “What time do you need to be home?”
Cas opens the window and answers with a smile on his face, "See you." He climbs out the window and closes it behind him. Dean stares at the glass feeling as though it was all a dream.
“Eleven at the latest,” Castiel has moved his way down to Dean’s neck and is sucking roughly just above his collarbone. Dean releases a soft moan under Castiel’s touch and he slides his hand up Dean’s thigh, squeezing gently as Dean takes off his jacket. While Dean is struggling to unbutton his shirt, Castiel inches his hand farther up Dean’s leg and takes advantage of the new expanse of skin the shirt was once concealing. With his other hand he shoves the shirt off one shoulder and swirls a tongue around one of Dean’s nipples, then does the same to the other. Beneath him, Dean wiggles in the seat and lets out uneven, sharp breaths.
“You didn’t fucking listen to me.”  Jo’s brows draw together in irritation.
He also used to sit there for hours hoping that that house would burn down. It never did.
Cas grabs a handful of Dean’s flannel, pulling their faces close together, “Swear to me.”
The line is silent for a moment.
“Did you hear me? I’m talking to you.”
Spotify Playlist is
“Your final will have two parts: a multiple-choice section and a free-response section.” Mr. Henriksen drones on as usual with Dean paying little to no attention to him whatsoever. He’s doing well in math right now, and as long as he passes the final with a 70% or higher, he passes the class. His test average has gone up to a solid 75%. What’s there to worry about?
“Dean,” Castiel exclaims in a shaky breath at the sight of his Winchester bleeding profusely onto the grey floor. He swiftly removes his angel blade from the lifeless body of the demon and scurries over to Dean. “Holy shit, what happened?”
“Oh, do I?” Smirking slightly, he slides his hand up Anna’s pale thigh. He shoves her mini-skirt up and her panties to the side before pushing two fingers into her without warning. Her back arches up and she exhales a soft moan as her red hair falls across her face. He spends a few mindless minutes working her up with his fingers, until she shoves his hand away and strips naked. Pushing his boxers down his thighs with a groan of impatience, she pulls him down on top of her and bites at on his lower lip.
As soon as Dean gets to the field for practice, he finds Gordon and tackles him. They wrestle in the grass until Dean finally pins Gordon and gets a few punches in. Eventually, Uriel (the biggest player on the team) pushes through the crowd that's gathered to cheer the fight on.
“Okay, yeah,” Sam admits, “I mean… not that I’m leaving the bunker any time soon, but… yeah, with Chuck gone, I think about it.”
Sam grimaces. “Yeah, just… rough day.” Dean wonders if ‘rough day’ means bad news on the Eileen front, and he’s just drunk enough to broach the topic.
How had he missed this, before? How do you not notice that your best friend is in love with you for years? Years of tip-toeing around the whole ‘profound bond’ thing, years of no personal space, years of rolling his eyes every time anyone called Cas his boyfriend or boy-toy or just his, and years of ignoring and explaining away behavior because “it’s Cas.” All along, Cas has been in love with him. Cas had been… the gay kind of in love with him, if you could call a multi-whatever-of-celestial-intent-in-a-male-vessel gay.
“No,” Sam replies, "I’m taking a rest day.”
Dean has never been with a guy, and he wasn’t about to start with his angelic best friend. Sure, as long as he’s being honest with himself, it’s not like he hasn’t
There’s one moment that stands out, in particular. When Dean was nearly thirteen and watching Sam, Freddie Mercury’s death was all over the news and he’d turned on their motel TV to watch the funeral of a rock legend, mourning the loss. Dad had come back from a hunt halfway through the memorial broadcast.
Sam pushes the door open with his foot, a bottle of whiskey and two glasses in hand. “Hey, Dean. I know I gave you some crap about drinking alone this morning but… do you want some company?”
Now, with Chuck out of the picture and most monsters seemingly taking a breather, Dean’s got nothing to do besides live and he’s barely managing that. He doesn't even know what he wants living to look like. Who knew that preventing apocalypse after apocalypse was actually gonna be easier than figuring out what comes after?
“Well, fuck.” Dean whispers into the empty room. His hand is shaking and the whiskey is sloshing in the still full glass. He sets it down on the nightstand and tightens his fingers into a tight fist. His nails press into his palm and pain blossoms under each finger. Dean is so lost in his thoughts that he barely notices.
“Alright Sammy, what’s eating you?”
. Dean has spent hours just drunkenly staring at the shelves in the men of letters’ library hoping there’s one book they missed. There’s just no getting into the Empty, not without Jack— and Dean prays to Jack every damn day.
Sam, so why else would you be keepin’ it?”
. He told him he l…
In the next chapter, we're wading right into that pool of denial. It's time for that Big Bi Panic.
Dean prints out the application forms, fills in his name and contact information, and places them on his desk. The neatly-printed name and address stares back at his like a promise of a different life, of some kind of future. He runs his finger over the letters and nods, satisfied for now. He’s not sure if this means he’s gonna quit hunting. He’s not sure if any of it would be long term. But Cas would be proud of him, he hopes. For trying. He’ll drop them off later this week.
Cas had given him a one hell of a skeptical look then, the kind that stares right into your soul. It was bullshit, and he and Cas both knew it, but it was very good advice just the same. Dean only wishes he were better at buying his own bullshit.
I hope you liked this chapter. Let me know what you think!
Cas’s goodbye rang in Dean’s head as he heard it, quiet and small and loud and ground-shaking all at the same time. It wasn’t like before, wasn’t just a confirmation of what they’d already known. As oblivious as he apparently had been for years, Dean wasn’t an idiot. That’s not what Cas meant by those three words — not this time. This time was a confession. It felt like a promise of what could have been, if Dean wanted it. Of what could have been before Cas made a deal with the Empty that took away any choice Dean had in the matter.
Cas had learned that lesson well. Dean had only ever heard him say those three words once, in an exhausted voice on the verge of death. Even then, they’d been directed at all of them, not Dean specifically. They had been the family-at-deathbeds kind of words, and weren’t exactly a surprise. Cas had been family for a long time. He’d fallen from grace, abandoned everything he knew and his trust in them, and put himself in danger a hundred times over to save them. Of course Cas loved them, just like they all loved Cas. “I love you, all of you” hadn’t been a confession; it was a confirmation, a reassurance. It was what Dean meant every time he said “we’re family,” what Sam meant when he encouraged Dean to carve ‘Castiel’ into the bunker’s table.
“Yeah? Alright.” Dean reaches out and takes a glass of whiskey from Sam, then takes a seat on the edge of his bed. Sam takes the now-empty chair as an invitation to sit at the desk, and Dean steals a glance over Sam’s shoulder to make sure the applications are well covered at his desk. The surface looks like it got struck by a boozy hurricane and Dean leans back, satisfied his secret is safe.
“I could’ve been looking for cases!”
“You changed me, Dean,” Cas said, and in doing so changed Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You gonna give me a curfew now?”
“Yeah, I know who that is, Dean. He’s a fag who got the gay plague like they deserve. Now turn that shit off.” Dean, ever the good soldier, had listened and filed away the lesson.
Sam nods. “Yeah.”
“Yeah, thanks.” Dean shifts the toast to the side and hands Sam his plate, eyeing the stove in search of bacon.
For the love of your life, if you’re lucky enough to have one and live long enough to meet them.
, and Dean wasn’t sure he would ever learn how to cope with losing him. There was nothing that would make that sacrifice worth it.
Dean snorts and Sam looks up, confused. “I knew, Sammy.”
"Cas," Dean prays into the empty room, "what if you
“Cheers.”
At least he’s got the dog. Miracle is sitting on Dean’s foot under the table, patiently waiting for breakfast to be over. Sam insists on not feeding him people food, so naturally Dean lets him lick the plates as soon as Sam is out of sight. Miracle’s smart enough not to beg when Sam’s around.
Dean’s… not sure. Dean loves Cas like family, has for a long time. But something beyond that? He’s straight, isn’t he? Cas knew that. When Cas told Dean that the one thing he wanted was something he knew he couldn’t have… that’s what Cas meant, right?
Sam looks up, like he’s silently praying for strength. Not that there’s anyone left to pray to. Dean’s tried. Dean’s not ready to talk about it— about Cas, about any of it. He lets the offer hang in the air and they finish their breakfast in silence. As soon as Sam takes his last bite, Dean starts picking up the plates.
“Well, Chuck’s not Chuck Almighty any more and the world ain’t ending with Jack in charge. We’re just hunters now, not the guys in charge of the apocalypse. You can finally put down the family business,” Dean offers, “if you wanted to.”
Dean suddenly, desperately needs a drink. He pulls himself upright and reaches for the whiskey glass that’s still full on the nightstand. He downs half of the amber liquid in one go and feels the burns settle into his throat. He’s feeling dizzy, and he’s not sure if it’s the alcohol, sitting up too quickly, or the revelation he’s having.
“I just… I’m worried about you, Dean.” Dean groans and returns his focus to his breakfast. He’s managed to evade a heart-to-heart from Sam so far, and he’s
“Something. Anything…” Sam hesitates. “I’m here for you, if you’re ever ready talk to someone about it.”
“No run tomorrow?”
It’s probably for the best he didn’t let himself talk to Sam about Cas’ confession earlier, because the next part is worse. Dean knows exactly what Sam would ask, because his baby brother isn’t an idiot:
Dean had shoved it in the back of his head behind a padlocked door with every damn sigil in existence painted on it. He didn’t talk about and it, didn’t let Sam ask about it, and tried not to think about it every moment of every day. Gave it the Dean Winchester special of whiskey and denial, and it had worked just fine until now.
They sit in comfortable silence for a while, passing the whiskey between them until Dean has gone through the A and B sides of several tapes and the bottle is only a quarter-full. Dean’s pleasantly warm from the whiskey and absent-mindedly humming along to “House of the Rising Sun” playing from the tape deck. Sam yawns occasionally but makes no move to leave, and Miracle has made himself comfortable in the blankets on Dean’s bed and is softly snoring.
“We both have shit we don’t want to talk about. I’m not gonna be a hypocrite about yours.”
“Real bacon?” Dean asks.
He’d also stopped picturing his life without Cas in it.
Right before the Empty took Cas… that had been different. Cas’ expression had been open and honest, his eyes full of tears as he smiled up at Dean. Cas looked at Dean like he’d hung the stars in the sky and said “you changed me, Dean,” like it was a
“Eggs?” Sam offers.
It didn’t matter, anyway, because Dean liked girls. Girls were hot, and he’d hooked up with enough of them to know he didn’t have any problems getting it up around them. He’d certainly flipped through enough copies of Busty Asian Beauties. He liked girls, so he was straight. It didn’t have to be any more complicated than that. It didn’t really matter if some guys looked hot, too, like Harrison Ford or Dr. Sexy. You’d have to be blind not to find Harrison Ford hot, but it didn’t make you gay.
What if Cas could have had the thing he knew he couldn’t have.
is the best time— at home and comfortable and less-anxiety ridden than he’s been in weeks. Dean looks over at Sam, and the words are almost on Dean’s lips before he thinks twice. It’d be so easy to tell Sam, now, and not have to face these words alone.
“It’s Freddie Mercury, from
The word sticks in his throat and he gets up out of his seat, moving to distract himself from that chain of thought as much as anything. Miracle is still on the couch and watching him eagerly, waiting for a signal that it’s bedtime. It might as well be. “Come on, buddy,” he calls, and Miracle bounds towards Dean’s bedroom. Dean casts his eyes over the empty bunker as he heads to bed, and thinks about all the people who have passed through it. They saved so many of them this week — they saved the world, in the end. But they couldn’t save Cas.
Sam didn't want to assume Dean would end up with a chick. Same didn't want to assume Dean would have a
Cas had learned many lessons from the Winchester school of human emotion, and keeping those three words to yourself was Lesson Number One. As much as Dean gives Sam shit for being one heartfelt moment away from a Hallmark movie, any Winchester worth their salt, Sam included, is more likely to die or kill for you than say those three words out loud. Dean had only ever told
Dean exhales shakily and refills his glass.
Dean gives Miracle another good hard scratch between the ears. “Yeah, buddy, at least you’re happy. You don’t have to worry about the future.” Miracle barks, and Dean hums thoughtfully.
“Sammy, you’ve been ‘looking for cases’ for hours every day. It doesn’t take a genius to figure that one out.”
“I hope she’s mad at you. You probably deserve it.”
an all-powerful cosmic being into letting him go. It sounded crazy, but Dean had gotten his big win and wasn’t about to question it.
“I’m fine.”
Now, with Chuck defeated and a whole future of free will ahead of them, Dean’s sitting across from Sam in a quiet bunker, silently eating breakfast for two and trying to cope with a loss he can’t cope with. Sam’s been searching for Eileen when he thinks Dean’s not looking, and Jack has made it pretty clear through weeks of unanswered prayers that he isn’t going to be around. Not for family dinners in the bunker, and not for bringing Cas back either.
He's starting to realize it shouldn't look like this.
Do straight dudes not think about Han Solo like that, or cowboys, or an angel in the lord in a male vessel?
being straight just wasn’t an option in John Winchester’s world. It wasn’t as though Dad had ever told him or Sam that they couldn’t be gay, but he hadn’t exactly told them it would be okay, either. Hell, the only actual talk about sexuality Dean had ever had with his dad was a gruff warning not to get anyone pregnant and strict instructions to use protection.
This wasn’t the victory the universe had promised. This wasn’t the ending Dean was fighting for. Dean was more than willing to die for the world, if his time had come. He had told Billie that much. But Cas had had left Dean to live in a world without Cas in it, and what was the point of that?
The only thing Dean wants to do besides drink himself into oblivion is bring Cas back and tell him to sit his ass down on that spot on the couch where he belongs, and he’s
Cas had been
“Seriously, man, I hope you find her,” Dean says, suddenly sincere. “You deserve… a future outside of this. To be happy. That’s what we fought Chuck for, right?”
The whole situation is just
“You… knew?”
(See the end of the chapter for
All that time they’d been fighting Chuck, Dean had never stopped to imagine what normal might look like for him — what life might be like when they’d won.
All of that fell apart when it came to Cas. It always had. Cas had died six times, and each time Dean carefully rolled up a dirty trench-coat into the trunk of the Impala and promptly sunk shoulder-deep into a swamp of bargaining, anger and denial that no amount of violence, alcohol, time or unprompted heart-to-hearts from Sam could get him out of. Cas was
Hell, even if Cas came back by some miracle, Dean wouldn’t want Cas to find him like this. Dean’s never managed to deal with Cas dying before, but at least he had some mission, some purpose until now. Saving Sam, saving humanity, stopping the apocalypse. He’s always been a mess on his own time, but was able to get his shit together enough to do what needed to be done.
Sam’s still staring at Dean as he starts on his last piece of bacon, and Dean is just caffeinated and conscious enough now that it’s starting to get unnerving.
“Hey buddy, good boy.” Dean scratches behind Miracle’s ears and looks determinedly at the tv. He’s watched plenty of television by himself, for fuck’s sake, even when Cas was around. This is fine. Dean’s got a beer in hand and Dr. Sexy’s got his cowboy boots on and everything can be Dean’s kind of normal for a little while.
thing, like Dean was capable of everything Cas says he is. Cas looked into Dean’s soul and told Dean that “you’re the most caring man on Earth” with such conviction that Dean began to believe him.
“It’s hot,” Sam warns, but Dean’s not awake enough to hear it. He shouts as his fingers make contact with the hot bread and nurses his burned fingers. He makes his way around the kitchen, pouring himself a coffee and grabbing a plate for the toast.
“Apple pie life… uh, kids…” Sam stumbles over kids and leaves out wife. Dean doesn’t think too hard about the omission. It was probably nothing— the time of night, the whiskey, a tired slurring of words.
that Dean had started to think there’s some small chance he can
“And?”
“Come in.”
enough to be weird.
he loved him on a handful of occasions, and Dean could count on one hand how many times he’d ever heard them from Dad. They’re the kind of words you reserve for family at deathbeds. For when you have nothing else left to say.
Yeah, he owes it to Cas and his sacrifice to do better, to be better than this. There’s no way in hell he’s gonna stop drinking and join Sam on his self-improvement shit any time soon, but maybe it’s time to put the functioning back in functioning alcoholic.
“Thanks, I’ll clean up here and take Miracle for a walk.” Dean piles up the dishes and heads to the kitchen before Sam can respond, Miracle trailing at his heels.
“Thanks for that Dean.” Sam rolls his eyes, but there’s a hint of a smile there.
“Where’s that coming from?”
“There’s some stuff you just gotta let go,” he’d told him. "The people you let down, the ones you can’t save … You’ve got to forget about them. For your own good.”
“Miracle’s different.”
about it. It’s not like he’s never slipped a finger down there, late,
Dean hasn't quite put two-and-two together about why he can't picture a future without Cas, but he'll get there sooner than he knows.
"Do straight dudes not think about Han Solo like that, or cowboys, or an angel in the lord in a male vessel?"
“Yeah.” Sam goes quiet for a moment, then asks. “What about you?”
It had started to seem like they’d done it — Sam, Cas, Jack and Dean — they’d all made it to the end. They were going to
“And another one who said yes to Lucifer,” Sam says wryly, gesturing at himself.
It’s true, though not the whole truth. Dean leaves out the fact that finding Eileen inevitably means Sam leaving, and as much as he wants the best for his brother, he’s selfishly not ready to face an empty bunker. That’s another conversation for another day.
“Sammy, I can feel your freakin’ eyes on me."
Sam takes the bait. “I’m looking for Eileen,” Sam says guiltily, then exhales slowly. “I have her phone and no real way to contact her, but I think she might be it for me… if she’s still…” The words hang in the air, then Sam looks down at his glass and continues in a softer tone. “I’m sorry, Dean— I should’ve told you, but honestly? I didn’t know how you’d react. We lost Cas, and Jack’s gone, and I didn’t want to burden you with this, too.”
about what he says and doesn't say. What if... Sam knows that Dean maybe isn’t as straight as he thinks he is. Dean wracks his brain. Had he ever said something to Sam, ever done something that would make him think… he can’t remember.
Hesitantly, Dean wraps his arms around Cas, bringing the boy closer. He finds a half-empty water bottle on the floor and wets his hands before patting Cas’ face. The younger boy shouts and flails his arms, trying to get away.
Staring into Cas' cerulean blue eyes, Dean whispers, "Do you trust me?"
“I’m sure she'll come home for the weekend,” Dean replies, trying to sound hopeful. “She always likes our movie nights.”
It’s been eight years since Castiel lived in Pacifica, always knowing that he’d have to move back one day, he just didn’t expect it to happen so soon. It’s not like he lives in complete denial of the fact that, no matter how much he avoids it, he’d have to return to the West Coast at some point. After he left home and went searching for bigger (and hopefully better) things, he decided that it was best to bury his life in Pacifica along with all of the other pieces of his life he prefers not to remember. Being here, in this moment, just goes to show how the world has a funny way of always bringing you back to the things you want to forget the most.
“Zach wanted me to say yes, but so did the Dean that I met in the future.” The admission is so guilt-ridden that it is immediately forgiven. Dean continues when Castiel remains silent. “He told me that he wished he said yes.”
Castiel nods, and Dean reluctantly digresses, “In the future, I saw Lucifer in Sam’s body. And he told me that, no matter what we do, we’ll always end up in
Sam closes the door to the fridge, holding out an unopened bottle of wine to Cas. He settles himself against the kitchen counter and announces, “Cas, he’d go anywhere for you.”
The room falls silent after his scream fades away and he stands in the center of the wreckage that a fucking tornado must have caused. That tornado must be the fear of Cas leaving that had resided within Dean since the day they first spoke.
Jo grabs a brush and pulls it through her blonde hair. She gathers it up and twists it into a bun.
He can feel Mary still beside him, observing him with that motherly gaze he adores. She probes gently, “What happened?”
“No,” Dean croaks. He feels light-headed, like he might slip into nonexistence and never return.
There’s a fraction of a second where Castiel feels completely and utterly normal. Safe, even. He opens his eyes to see Dean flash a crooked smile at him as he jerks himself off at the end of the bed, rolling his head back to release a quiet groan.
Dean knows what’s coming next. It was just a matter of time.
“Dean, what’s wrong?”
Half the time they don’t know where Anna is. She comes back just as quietly as she goes, and she doesn’t seem to get into trouble for it. She’s a year younger than he is, but she seems to have been through just as much as he has, maybe even more.
“You know, Balt, you really are good at doing business.”
He tries to sit up, but only manages to dig the glass deeper into his flesh, forcing him to wince and suck in a sharp whine of pain. “Jo, I think I need to go to the emergency room to get some stitches.” It could be worse, and he wishes it was. “Can you drive me there?”
Dean’s dick bobs up between them once it’s freed, hard and leaking at the tip. Castiel quickly wraps his hand around it, thumbing the head to gather the moisture there and slick it down the length of him.
, Dean!” Cas exclaims angrily, gripping Dean’s shoulders so tightly he can feel it bruise, “You can’t tell anyone.”
There's rustling on the other end before an answer, "Hey there good-lookin!"
“I don’t like his kind. Always stirring up trouble.”
Laughing bitterly, Castiel looks at the man before him and realizes he does not know this person at all. This man is not his father. He is a stranger.
Throwing his head back in a laugh, Castiel nods happily, “It was amazing.” After a moment passes, he blurts out, “I wish you’d been my first…”
He shoots a quick glance across the room to see Sam, Jo and Mary waiting patiently in their seats for the reading and speeches to begin. Sammy gives him a dopey grin that reveals a little too much, and Jo just winks at him. Mary looks like she’s about to burst into tears. Dean finds Bobby by the snack table, placing little quiches on his tiny paper plate. Fuck, he should’ve kept his mouth shut and just let it be a surprise to everyone. This is a lot of damn pressure to get it right.
Placing his hands on Dean's wrists, Castiel attempts to push Dean away but fails miserably as Dean backs him against the nearest wall. A breath catches in his throat and he squeezes his eyes shut.
“Promise me,” He wraps Dean’s erection in a coaxing fist and kisses his temple lovingly.
Castiel gets home from school later than usual, after having to tutor a boy from his history class and return a book to the library. He drops his heavy backpack onto the kitchen table, where Adam sits quietly doing his homework, and rummages through the fridge in search of some yogurt.
Castiel accepts the cup, “Dean, please –” He won’t look at Castiel. Why not? “Can we talk about this?”
Please leave kudos/comments! I respond to every comment I get.
“Good one, Cas.”
Frozen with his hand on the knob, Castiel swallows thickly and considers every possible answer he could give. He could come clean about the drugs. Cry. Beg. Ask for help. What would Dean say? Where would that leave them?
*****
“You should get some rest,” Castiel says gently, thumb making small circles across Dean’s cheekbone. “Dean, there was nothing you could’ve done. She was going to do it whether you said so or not.”
Huffing air out between clenched teeth, eyebrows raised in disbelief, Dean bites his bottom lip and says, “You used to say I made you feel holy.”
“I really wanted a Milky Way bar.”
Castiel snorts a laugh, “Right, can’t forget the Gas-X when all you eat is cheeseburgers and pie.”
Castiel watches Dean cross Bobby’s dining room in three long strides, handing the paper to Jo and patting her shoulder gently. He stalks back over to his spot at the head of the table and worries his bottom lip between his teeth. Although Castiel would never tell Dean this, he looks the part of a leader.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel responds, “He’s not a mystery man. He’s uhh… an old flame.”
Castiel winks at him and leans against the oven, "Go back out and enjoy your party."
“I’m not stupid,” She slams her hand down on top of the car and Dean winces at the sound of the impact.
His legs usher him towards the door and he feels like he’s on autopilot, moving beyond his own control. Before he realizes it, his hand is on the door handle. On the other side of the threshold, Dean’s hand is raised in a fist, ready to greet the wood of the door for a second time. Dean stops short of knocking when he realizes they’re face to face.
He prayed that Dean would come home to him in one piece. The deafening stillness of the space beside him in the dark, sheets cold and smelling less of Dean by the day, told Castiel that God was not listening.
“Why did you leave?”
Kissing his jawline, Castiel murmurs, "I mean it." Sliding his hands down Dean's clothed back, he admits, "I've been thinking about it for a while now."
Dean looks between the two foster brothers from where he lies on the floor, his head in Jo’s lap. She’s running her hands through his hair and he must have dozed off for a few minutes, “Yeah, let’s light a joint.”
“The intel we got last month was that Lucifer’s gonna start infecting small cities soon. It’ll take off on its own from there.” Dean discards his bottle cap on the table with a flick of his wrist and takes a swig of his beer. Castiel catches his eye for a second, but Dean quickly looks back to Ellen. He clears his throat, leaning against the wall, and shrugs, “I know it ain’t what you wanna hear, but I don’t have a plan other than to prepare. We need to stock up on supplies so when we can establish the official camp, we’ll have most of what we need. You and Jo have a lot of contacts ‘cause of the Roadhouse. We should reach out to other hunters and their families to see if they’re interested in joining the compound.”
Everyone is settled at their designated seats in the Singer house. The table has food as far as the eye can see and more people around it than Dean thinks is necessary. It’s always been like this: year after year, more people come as more people are taken in by the Singers. There is a lot of laughter and good conversation in the room as everyone piles their plates with unreasonably sized servings of various dishes. They all dig in and allow the conversations to continue through stuffed mouths.
“Don’t be such a freaking prude, Cas. Everyone does it!” Dean huffs as he watches a wave coming into view. He starts to paddle towards it, “C’mon, let’s catch this one.”
“What?” Castiel asks, “Why?”
“Thanks Jo,” A rough voice says, and then a tall frame appears in the archway, the green of the wallpaper highlighting the green in Dean’s eyes as he smiles shyly at Castiel. Lady follows at Dean’s heels and sniffs his shoes, letting out a little growl as she steps away from him and trots back into the hallway. Completely unaware of Lady, Dean sighs as he gazes at Cas, “Hi.”
There is no shock or disorientation. There’s a sense of silent loss and acceptance that this will hurt when the time comes, but not in this moment, not yet.
With shaky hands, Castiel grasps at the sheets and sobs, “I’m sorry for breaking your heart. I’m sorry, I’m so fucking sorry…”
“Cas, I’m sorry.”
Lowering his voice to a soft tone, Dean eyes him warily, “Tell me what I shouldn’t do.”
Sated in the afterglow of giving and taking, they curl around one another on the bed. Is this what true love feels like? To be utterly and hopelessly at the whim of another? Dean supposes that if he is destined to love Castiel, then he is prepared to submit himself to such a feat. He’s given himself over to Cas in more ways than one, and he will spend the rest of his life seeking new ways to lend himself, wholly and without hesitation, to this breathtaking and ethereal man. Because it is written in the stars, and Dean’s always been subject to fate.
Lifting Castiel up onto the bathroom counter and slotting his body between Cas' legs, Dean suckles at the younger boy's collarbone, pressing his erection against Castiel's inner thigh. "It's fun gettin' you all worked up," He runs his hands up Castiel's thighs and squeezes, sucking another hickey onto his chest. "Kinda hot knowing I can get you all excited in public..."
Dean takes a quick step into the kitchen, pointing at the phone and urgently asking, “Is that Cas?”
“Always?” He slips his hand under the waistband of Dean’s boxers, teasing him with a single brush of his thumb over the head of his cock, “Say it.”
what is being given to him and to reciprocate it. Maybe the alcohol pumping through his system isn’t helping him make wise decisions, but right now, in this moment, he wants someone to fuck him senseless.
“You just need to get better test scores. You do your homework and it's almost always correct, but you fail nearly every test.” Mr. Henricksen clears his throat, “I think you can do better.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” He splutters and pushes away from the table, struggling to stand up.
“I like him,” Castiel smiles, drawing constellations on his ceiling in his head.
She laughs and shakes her head, “They don’t lock you up at hospitals. Not unless you go crazy.”
“It won’t get out,” Sam tries his best to sound reassuring. “Besides, who would tell?”
“Because we’ve got all the time in the world now.”
“I doubt you could,” Dean looks down at him, eyes crinkling with laughter. “And for someone who thinks this is dangerous, you’re pretty damn good at it.”
"You're so beautiful." The words escape Dean's mouth the way rain falls from the sky, easily and without concern. Cas is long and lean, but not skinny like his clothes make him look. He has muscular thighs and strong shoulders that Dean wants to bite into. His body is pale, except for the darkened scars that decorate his body here and there. Dean never asks about the scars.
There’s a slyness in Gordon’s movements when he stalks closer and leans against the front of a desk a few steps away from Dean.
“Real.”
I'm actually rewatching the show and I'm currently on Season 2...
Dean beams at him, “I think I can satisfy that request.”
“I’m yours,” Dean gasps. “Forever.”
She shrugs nonchalantly and gives him a sly smile, “Knock yourself out, gorgeous.”
Castiel grips the back of Dean’s neck, bringing their mouths together in one smooth motion. Dean lets Castiel lead him. His lips feel dry and a little chapped, but pliant. Dean opens his mouth with a soft sound and their tongues slide together in a way that radiates through Castiel’s core. They break apart for air and Castiel takes the chance to press open-mouthed kisses down Dean’s jaw and onto his collarbone. Underneath his lips, he can feel Dean’s chest vibrate as he lets out a low moan.
“What did Gordon do to her?”
the way you treated him in the hall today,” Dean is seething; the anger is going to make him explode. He turns to look at Gordon.
Dean glares, “You better stop avoiding me.”
“No, Dean, listen to me,” Sam insists, flipping through the papers in his lap while Dean brakes for a stoplight. The kid’s been adamant about Dean going to school for the education, not for the football gig he got. For some goddamn reason, the beanstalk can’t understand that Dean isn’t meant to go to college to actually learn anything, he’s there to play and keep the Winchester name alive at KU. “You’re smart, Dean. I don’t understand, really, why can’t you get that through your thick skull?”
He spends the next half hour pouring over the photos and letters and, a little after noon, he tiptoes down to the second floor to check on Ellen. She didn’t eat anything this morning, choosing to stick with a plain cup of black coffee, and she might be hungry by now.
“Are you gonna come clean with Mom and Dad at least? You know, before you leave?”
After re-reading the fic, I've realized just how sexually pent-up and SAD I was in high school. I'm hoping that the remaining chapters will reflect the newfound maturity of Dean and Cas as adults.
“I screwed this entire date up,” Dean mutters. “I really like you, Cas. You’re funny and hot and every time you smile my stomach does this weird flip thing. But you’re right.”
“You should sit. If I sit, I might explode.”
“But maybe one day she won’t.”
“Just kiss me, okay?” Cas orders, slipping Dean out of his t-shirt and reaching for Dean’s hands to bring them down onto the soft skin of Cas’ sides. Dean lifts Castiel off him, covering his naked lap with the towel from the floor. He stands and looks down at Cas, wishing he could say that Cas has fallen so far, but he doesn’t really know where Cas even started to begin with.
“Wow, that’s so helpful, Cas,” Dean mocks. He hesitates for a moment, glancing back at the exterior of his picturesque home. “To anyone walking down the street, my house probably looks like the happiest place on earth, but no one considers what happens behind closed doors.”
“I’m sorry about leaving.”
, he thinks,
Dean wiggles his way through the crowd of fifty-or-so people and finally finds Cas, mingling with a few close friends from New York. When he spots Dean, Cas excuses himself and heads towards him.
Hi all!
“What you and Castiel had was special, Dean,” Mary hums and takes the plate from his now shaking hands. “You both were so young, but I’ve never seen you with anyone else the way you were with Castiel.”
His limbs become restless, forcing him from the security of his sheets and into his running clothes. As quietly as possible, he makes his way downstairs and out into the bright, cold world.
Dean waits in the car while Castiel goes to put his shoes on. He fumbles with the laces, shaking slightly at the thought of getting into the impala for the first time since that awful night. Swallowing hard to clear the tightness forming in his throat, Castiel stands and walks out the front door. He makes his way over to the black behemoth of a car and slides into the passenger seat.
“Sure, you are.”
“It could be,” Like a secret, the words leave Dean’s lips in a quick wisp of air. Their lips brush together for a fraction of a second, igniting a need in Castiel’s chest. Castiel opens his blue eyes to find a pair of emerald green orbs looking back at him with a plea hidden beneath the surface. Dean whispers, “Cas, I’d like to kiss you if that’s okay with you.”
“We are.”
Releasing a heavy sigh of relief, Dean beams at him, “Oh okay, cool! For a second there, I thought you were going to tell me to go fuck myself.”
“Well, one thing’s for sure,” Dean winces again and flinches at the contact, “you ain’t exactly gentle.”
It's like daggers are digging into the flesh of his heart and throat and stomach. Castiel lifts his chin indignantly and swallows the cry rising in his throat.
Castiel picks up another box from the moving truck as Dean slides behind him, grabbing for his hips to move Castiel out of the way. It’s a simple and loving touch. Dean whistles for the dogs and they come bounding back to them, panting and happy.
Even though he wants to scream and cry and throw an absolute fit, Castiel knows that this must be done. He is a cataclysmic disaster, bursting at the seams of his stolen body. Jimmy’s body. Human. The heart beating inside him lurches as Dean dumps the remainder of Castiel’s copious and vast drug collection into the toilet, flushing the combination of powders and pills. It swirls into nothing but clear water and white porcelain, clean and pure as ever.
“The car?”
“Alright, night guys,” Sam smiles knowingly, closing the front door behind him. As soon as the door clicks shut, Dean has Cas pinned against the nearest wall with his lips fervently trailing their way down Castiel’s neck. Shoving a leg between Castiel’s parted thighs, Dean groans quietly against his skin, “I’ve wanted to do this all fucking night.”
“Your least favorite things.”
Whipping her hair out of her face, Anna raises her voice over the sounds of the rolled down windows and radio, “Alright, Winchester, you win.”
He clears his throat, uncertainty clouding his voice, “Cas, I’m sorry about the other night.”
Cas laughs and blushes, "I got a little carried away."
“At the public library. I will wait outside until you come get me.”
He dresses for practice and heads out to the field. It looks like a spring shower is about to burst at any second, but practice goes on without a hitch. Then Gordon shows up, late.
“I know.” Leaning back on the bed by resting on his elbows, Cas murmurs, “I’m working on all the other reasons. What do you live for?”
“I am the scum of the fucking earth.”
For a split second, Dean’s stomach drops, because Cas is totally right. He had just assumed that they were seeing only each other and nobody else, but he hadn’t thought to confirm with Cas. Maybe Cas has someone back in New York, and Dean was too quick to jump to conclusions; why would Dean assume that he has Cas all to himself?
“You are every bit of gorgeous that you were at seventeen,” Dean says breathlessly, his eyes roaming over the expanse of Castiel’s body. “You weren’t going to stop me.”
“For me…” Looking up at the reflection again, he makes an X in his flesh above his heart. “When it becomes too much to bear.”
It doesn’t stop the descent, the feeling of having no control as Castiel starts losing more and more of himself. After being put down on the floor, Castiel can hear Michael yelling and rushing out of the room, leaving him alone.
"How much d'you have?" She retorts. She has black skin, harsh eyes, and a thick southern accent. She's somewhat intimidating. Castiel keeps the smile on his face.
“Just shut up,” He grumbles, grinding harder in search of friction. “God, you’re so hot.”
“Winchester!” Gordon grabs at Dean’s shoulder once he’s adjusted, pulling him up so that they are face to face, “What the
"Okay," Castiel cannot muster the strength to say anything else, for fear that he might collapse in on himself. He’d known this was coming, but nothing could have prepared him for it. This moment had been undoubtedly coming and Castiel had purposefully chosen to ignore that fact. With a side glance, Dean sighs, "I thought you should be the first to know. Y’know, besides my family."
“Y’know what? Knock yourself out, Cas,” Chuck shrugs, passing the joint to him. “After everything, one hit isn’t gonna kill you.”
Once he gathers himself, Dean nods to Ellen and follows Castiel out to the car. They get into the Impala, and Dean switches the radio to his favorite rock station, fidgeting with the volume controls. He can feel Cas’ eyes on him as he reaches for his seatbelt.
“We can’t keep doing this,” Dean whispers harshly, looking down at his hands in his lap.
He was going to tell Cas sooner or later, but he was hoping he had more time to figure out how. His head is swollen like a balloon and his shoulders feel heavy—not only with the weight of patting hands in congratulations but with the weight of the fucking world. That’s it, isn’t it? That’s the end of it. There is his future wrapped up and shoved down his throat without any question of what Dean wants. Can’t turn back now, and most definitely can’t speak out, because his father has been dictating his life since he took his first breath, and he has no say over any of it.
“All the damn time,” Leaning forward, Dean brushes his lips against Castiel’s with a smile. “Every little thing makes me think of you. The smell of libraries, the sound of the ocean, the taste of cinnamon.”
Cas’ plate is by far the emptiest. He hardly had anything at all and Dean’s bugging him to get some more food as John eyes the two boys suspiciously across the table. Dean tries his best to ignore his father while John badgers Cas with stupid questions that insult Cas more than they reveal anything about him. Dean’s jaw clicks shut as his father asks a particularly rude question about Castiel’s dead mother and missing father, and Cas brushes his fingers across Dean’s knee to assure him that everything is okay.
“Didn’t think…”
Robert Novak awkwardly fumbles out of his chair and walks around to the front of his desk, stopping only a few feet away from Castiel, “How old are you now?”
Most of the time, Castiel forgets that Adam and Anna live with them. Adam usually keeps to himself and rarely leaves his room, and, well, Anna runs away almost as much as
“When do you wanna talk about it? ‘Cause I want to talk about it, Cas. I want to talk about why I said the things that I said and why I left the way I did and what happened to you once I was a gone, so let’s talk.”
“You’re everything,” Dean hums with satisfaction when he lazily sinks into Castiel, gripping tight at his hips. He drops his head and catches Castiel’s lips in a hot, open-mouthed kiss, whispering, “I love you. I love you. Love you –"
They lay there, sprawled across the mattress, for what feels like a very long time. Closing his eyes, Castiel focuses on the sound of Dean’s breath as it begins to even out, steadying with each second that passes. He shifts onto his side, curling his body around Dean’s and resting his head on Dean’s freckled chest.
Raising his eyebrows in false confusion, Castiel quips, "Yeah, I do. What're you doing in here, Gordon? I didn't know you could read."
He considers it to be a form of prayer, worshiping Dean. This is the rapture; a touch so joyous that it commands a soul to heaven, and ecstasy is no longer a sin. Because Dean’s flesh is his salvation, Castiel’s scripture, worn and familiar beneath his hands. When Castiel becomes overwhelmed by his mortality and contemplates giving in to it entirely, he prays until he curses Dean’s name in vain and begs for forgiveness.
“I don’t know what you’re talkin’ about.”
Wiping away one of Dean's stray tears, Castiel takes an inventory of this moment. "I've been through a lot of shit, Dean. Believe me. But I'd go to Hell and back for you–to kiss you, to hold you, to love one last time. I'd go to Hell and back, and I wouldn't even have a second thought."
To Castiel’s surprise, Dean says, “He’s got a point.”
Castiel is quick to cut him off, kicking him under the table with a sharp smile, "One large Hawaiian, please. And a pitcher of Coke."
Pressing the head of his cock to Dean’s entrance, Castiel eases into him until he bottoms out. They fit perfectly together - as if their bodies were two puzzle pieces. Impatiently, Dean digs his heels into Castiel’s lower back and mutters, “C’mon. Move.”
“But it really is okay. Next time will be better.”
The entire house is completely unconventional; they act like a family, but they aren’t. It’s more of a broken home put back together with pieces of tape and globs of glue.
The question erupts through the easy silence they had slipped into. He stops scrubbing the plate in his hands and lets out a heavy sigh.
he has to keep talking. What is he supposed to say? His life story isn’t exactly inspiring or happy.
With a cocky wink, Dean stands, “Because I’m gonna be there.”
Despite Dean’s encouragement to try drinking the night before, it still takes him by surprise when Dean comes back to the motel with a little plastic bag full of marijuana. Castiel is still nursing his hangover, sipping on his third cup of coffee, and waiting for the Ibuprofen to kick in.
Sucking on the lobe of Castiel’s ear, Dean murmurs, “That feel like I don’t want you?”
Other nights, it’s Meg.
“How could you know? It’s not exactly something that I went around telling people about.” Castiel releases an anxious laugh that ends up turning into a muffled sob and continues, “I listened to their screams for hours until, finally, it was quiet, and I knew he was coming for me. But I had a gun. And when he opened that door and lunged at me, I shot him. I won’t ever forget the sound, the way the blood gushed out of him. He’d seen me bleed so many times, and I had begun to think that he was inhuman – that he couldn’t bleed and break like I could.”
"Fuck, Dean..." Cas yelps as Dean hits his prostate on an upstroke. "I need you, now."
"You want what, Cas?" Dean teases, attempting to deepen his voice and trying not to touch himself through his jeans.
“How long do you think it will be?”
“Only because we bring alcohol.”
Once Cas is safely in Dean’s arms, he feels Cas relax a little as he finds his balance with the help of Dean’s steady body. A warm tingling sensation fills Dean’s stomach as he holds Cas’ close to him. He’d thought, by now, he wouldn’t get butterflies in his stomach at his age. They begin to slowly skate around the rink as music plays overhead and the reflection from a disco ball on the ceiling illuminates the room with tiny specks of light. Dean moves in front of Castiel, turning around to face him but managing to continue skating backwards. Castiel’s eyes widen.
“Did you get your nose done?” Castiel pushes her nose up again with his extended index finger, nodding with feigned approval, “Oh yeah, it looks really good.”
“I’m going to tie you up and make you beg for it,” Michael growls as he lifts Castiel’s arms above his head, pinning them there.
Continuing their conversation from the back of the store, Missouri yells, "They said they got a nice band playin' tonight, so I’m thinking we're gonna have ourselves some business." Her voice nears him again, the southern drawl of it singing in his ears. "Y'know them young new-age vegan families always love to support a local bookstore.”
“Fuck, Dean…”
Dean used him to forget about Jo the same way he used that girl. The other night meant nothing. The girl currently walking back to her cabin means nothing. They’re simply pawns in the game of Dean’s grief.
“I was only fourteen the first time.” The words are escaping before he even has the chance to register what he is saying, but he knows that this was coming eventually. At some point, he was going to talk about it with someone. “Who even does that? To a fourteen-year-old?”
Dean’s enthusiasm fades, “You don’t sound excited.”
He waits for Dean to take it back. To tell him to stay. To fix it. He doesn’t. In defeat, Castiel collects his soiled clothes and leaves. He passes Sam in the hall on the way out the door.
"Christ..." Dean involuntarily slips. He sounds absolutely wrecked already, his voice strained and low. He's even sitting on the very edge of the bed with his body leaning towards Cas even though he is clearly out of reach.
Dean wiggles until he’s eye level with their faces no more than two inches apart. When he releases a deep breath through his nose, the air ghosts across Castiel’s face. Cautiously, Castiel leans forward, bumping his nose against Dean’s. Too frightened to move any closer, Castiel waits, and he is rewarded for his patience when Dean kisses him gently. His lips are dry, but Dean licks at Castiel’s mouth and, suddenly, he begins to understand why lust is a sin.
Gabe shouts an “Ayo!” from his place on the couch.
“You alright?” Dean grunts as he stands, dusting off his jeans and releasing a sigh. “Fuck, I thought I was done for.”
“What if he hates me?”
*****
The house is quiet at night. Castiel manages to slip out the side door a little after midnight. The mid-August air cools his hot skin and soothes away his flushed cheeks. He breathes in, expecting pure air to cleanse his lungs, but instead he finds a faint smell of smoke lingering nearby. He follows it.
“Yeah, Cas?”
“That’s not my fault,” Dean mutters defensively, feeling his chest tighten at the news as he parks the car and cuts the engine. “How bad is he?”
“I have four,” Dean counters.
I am treating you to smut. Enjoy! Also, warnings for mentions/depictions of drug use.
Dean shrugs, confused by the change in topic, “I was busy. Listen Gordon, about the test...”
On his way to the bag, Castiel passes the demon they captured, mouth taped shut and tied to a chair, in the kitchenette. He ignores the muffled and annoyed grunts of frustration coming from her direction and squats to search through Dean’s bag, locating a dozen different colored pill bottles with various labels on them. Focusing hard on his memory of human medicine, Castiel holds up a bottle of Percocet and eyes it curiously. This is what Dean gave him when he broke two ribs last month. At the time, it made Castiel soar, and he had laid up in bed for hours overcome with bliss. Chewing his bottom lip, Castiel lets out a deep sigh. He could use a little pick me up right about now.
"What talk?"
Castiel takes the time to watch Dean, with the shadows of blue light shifting across his face. Dean isn’t looking at him; he’s looking up, still watching the fish swim overhead. It’s not difficult to notice the catch in Dean’s throat when he speaks or the way his eyes look a little more watery than usual. Castiel never thought that Dean Winchester could even conceive an emotion as awful as fear. It just seemed impossible to him.
"I committed to Kansas today," He reveals softly, letting the words fall from his mouth without expressing any emotion. "I'll start there in the fall."
“I will.”
“Positively alive. Human.”
“If John finds out, he's going to send Dean away.”
Dean’s stomach does a flip.
“What time is it?” Burrowing his head into a pillow, Dean shifts his body to fit perfectly beside Castiel’s.
With practiced stealth, he climbs up the trellis leading to the Dean’s roof. The window is already cracked when he gets to it, so he pushes it open and clambers inside as gracefully as possible. Closing the window behind him, Castiel toes off his shoes and scampers across the room to the blanketed figure curled up in bed. Dean grumbles when Castiel nudges him over, crawling under the blankets and pressing their bodies together.
“Wait,” Castiel pleads, trailing behind the limping man. “Dean, let’s talk about this!”
He strips down to his underwear and goes to stand before the mirror. The mirror reflects a broken image on smooth perfect glass. “For Hope,” He whispers and slices his left thigh with a wince of pain. “For Alistair,” He grimaces and makes the next incision on the other thigh. He brings the knife to his chest—at the center of his breastbone—and makes a shallow cut all the way down to the end of his ribcage. Bringing his fingers to the fresh cut, he winces and says, “For Dean.”
“Can we…” Castiel kisses Dean back, scratching his long fingers in the short hairs at Dean’s neck, but his mind is elsewhere, focused on the thought he wants to get out before the moment passes. He pecks the corner of Dean’s mouth and rushes the words out in a rambling mess, “I don’t wanna hide anymore, Dean, and I don’t think you do either. I want you, all of you, in private and in public. I wanna kiss you in front of your family and go out on dates to local restaurants, because we fucking deserve it, okay? We’ve been at this for nearly two months. If we’re going to keep doing whatever this is, I want to be with you and be seen with you.”
“You’re right,” He says, pushing himself off the front door and heading for the stairs. “I need to process what just happened, so I’m gonna go upstairs. Once I settle down, I’ll come find you.”
“Yes.”
*****
“Can I survive this?”
Alone. Completely and utterly alone. He should have known this would happen. Giving himself up time and time again has only ever caused him grief in the long run. How naive to believe that all of this would work itself out. Glancing around the tiled room, Castiel freezes at the sight of himself in the mirror. Beneath his layers of clothes, he has numerous scars that people have given to him and he has given to himself. He wants to dissect his appearance and point out all the scars and pieces within him that leave him continuously broken.
Dean huffs and bites the inside of his cheek nervously, “I don’t see why not…”
“My editor loved the first two chapters I sent him,” He mumbles, a hint of sleep still evident in his voice. “He wants me to come back to New York for a few days to talk about my memoir.”
"D'you want me to stop doin' it?"
Castiel’s eyes drop to Dean’s mouth, watching his tongue peek out at the corner. Something in his chest wavers.
“They do have an amazing selection of wines,” Cas agrees, reaching for the wine list and flipping through it. Cas leans into Dean, allowing him to look at the list. Underneath the table, Dean rests his hand on Cas’ bouncing knee.
“No, that doesn’t make any sense, Anna,” Huffing with frustration, Sam adjusts himself to match Anna’s stare with Jess trapped between the two of them. “You take the body, tie a couple of cement blocks to it or fill the body with bricks, and drive it really far out to throw it over the boat. No one ever knows.”
“Easy for you to say,” Cas replies sharply. “You haven’t met Balthazar yet.”
He knows Dean is deflecting now, using banter and flirtation to lighten the mood and distract from the topic at hand. But a small part of Castiel wishes the flush in Dean’s cheeks was real -  the product of  Castiel’s own words.
He nods and she closes the door behind her, looking around at the bare walls. She sits at the end of his bed and watches him for a moment. He wonders if he still looks like a ghost after having fainted.
“Good game,” John grumbles, patting his son on the back. “You got a little lazy at the end there, though.”
“Oh, shut up,” Dean rolls his eyes and steps away, walking around the living room to plop down onto the couch. Castiel follows Dean with his eyes, taking in the way Dean glides through the room. His tall frame drapes across the couch cushions, and he smirks when he catches Castiel watching him, “Take a picture, Cas; it’ll last longer.”
“So, Dean, I’ve heard a lot about you,” Balthazar smiles devilishly, tilting his head to the side. “Castiel is so fond of you, in fact, that you’ve become a central part of his new book!”
Sam drinks demon blood, and no one understands what compels him to do it. Dean doesn’t handle it well. Nobody can forgive or forget. Whenever the brothers are together, a thick cloud of shame, guilt, and distrust hangs over them and muddies the water until they’re all swimming in the thick muck of the Winchester’s shared trauma. There is no escape from it. Dean and Sam go their separate ways, despite Castiel’s urging that that’s exactly what Lucifer and Michael want. As usual, his protests are useless. Neither of them ever listen to him. The Winchesters are unreasonably stubborn, a quality that Castiel was initially fond of, but now considers it to be their biggest human flaw.
His relationship with Lisa had been a cover. Something to pass the time and to convince his dad that he was as straight as an arrow but, in the end, it didn’t change anything. Dean is still queer, and he’s still hopelessly in love with Castiel. He ended the relationship just three months before the wedding, telling her everything, including his long unrequited love for Cas. Lisa told him that she would never forgive him for it.
Lifting his head from the younger man’s neck, Dean places a sloppy kiss on Castiel’s lips before pulling away. He sits back on his heels, staring at Castiel, with his hands resting on Castiel’s shins. Castiel uses his elbows to prop himself up, looking down the length of his body to find Dean. His dirty blond hair is askew, sticking out in different directions, and his cheeks are a peachy pink; he’s breathing heavily, attempting to catch up on his oxygen supply.
Dean shoves John off of him, taking a swing at his father’s jaw and feeling his knuckles connect with the hard bone. Grabbing a handful of Dean’s shirt once more, John lands a solid punch across Dean’s face, knocking him to the ground. He shifts his weight and begins kicking his son in the gut. He shouts slurs and obscenities that Dean tunes out, focusing on the pain spiraling through his trembling body.
"Dean apologized. He regrets it. You show no remorse. You haven't even apologized," He lists restlessly. He knows she is right, but he refuses to accept it. It would hurt too much to accept that Dean had a choice – he could have said no. He didn’t say no, but he could have. Instead, he fucked Anna in the back of the Impala and Castiel will never forget it. Raking his eyes over her hooded figure, it hurts more knowing that he trusted her, and she broke that trust.
Once the drunken boy is finally tucked into Dean’s queen-sized bed, he relaxes. He goes downstairs to get a glass of water and passes his dad on the couch as he makes his way to the kitchen. On his way back, John stops Dean.
“Don’t, Cas,” She looks after Dean’s disappearing figure with a pained expression. “He’s got a lot on his plate right now.”
Behind the photo, Castiel’s books are propped up against a large collection of Kurt Vonnegut novels. He walks over and brushes his fingers across the titles of his novels, pulling one from the shelf and flipping it open. Inside, Dean’s neat scrawl etches the corners of pages, annotations scattered throughout the book.
Mary’s screams are rewarded with a swift backhand across her rosy, wet cheek, silencing her completely. John returns his attention to his son’s broken body, “I fucking own you. This life of yours, Dean. It’s mine, because I’ve given it to you. Next time, show a little respect.”
“Are you happy?” Cas asks, nuzzling his face into the crook of Dean’s neck.
“Bite me, Gabe.”
Dean doesn’t say a word but continues walking until he’s led them to their shared room on the second floor of the house. But with every silent step Dean takes, Castiel knows he’s been caught. Dean shuts the door behind them and rushes at him surprisingly fast, considering his injury, and grips Castiel’s wrists in his firm hands. Dean pushes him against the door, voice thick with anger, and asks, “You poppin’ pills now, Cas?”
A valiant effort, Castiel thinks, and he chastises himself for falling in love with the martyr of the story. If it were up to him, Castiel would insist on being the one to kill the devil, but it’s not up to him. Instead, he sips his beer and grimaces, trying to swallow the hollow pit in his chest. He should have gotten a brandy, something stronger, something more filling.
Charming as ever, Castiel shakes Lisa’s hand, “Hi, Lisa, long time, no see!”
They kiss there, knees knocking together, as people rush by and the roar of planes taking off rumbles above them. Over the intercom, a flight attendant announces that their flight will begin boarding in five minutes, and they pull away, breathless.
“Hey everybody,” Dean shoots a charming grin to the crowd, but he’s really feeling like he might puke any second. “I’m Dean Winchester, and I was asked to say a few words about Cas and the book. And to be honest, I’m at a loss.”
“C’mon, we’re going over to my house. You can borrow something of mine,” Dean heads for the door, waiting for Cas to follow, but he doesn’t. Dean ends up dragging Cas by the arm across the street to his house. At the slightest touch between the two, Dean’s skin prickles, but he eventually releases Cas’ arm and the feeling fades.
The rest of the ceremony is beautiful. Quaint and special – exactly how Jo and Sammy wanted it, and Dean couldn’t be happier for them. Everyone cries, there’s moments of laughter, and when Sammy kisses Jo, their love lights up the Christmas sky more than any amount of twinkling lights.
“Liar.”
“I think I’d like to go home,” Cas mumbles, getting to his feet. “Could you take me home, Dean?”
Castiel rolls ankle anxiously. Is this a trap? It’s the first time in a month that Dean has asked to speak to him alone and, even if it’s a professional matter, Castiel can’t help but feel nervous. They don’t do this anymore; they avoid each other like the plague, rely on others for help, and keep their distance. It’s an undisclosed agreement that Castiel adheres to simply because he doesn’t trust himself around Dean. Castiel wants him too badly.
“You’re a good person,” Trying his best to smile, Castiel touches Ellen’s cheek with the tips of his fingers, hoping that she can tell he is being genuine. “You are a good mother.”
Happy…there’s no such thing.
Castiel takes a deep breath and reveals, “Just to get this out of the way, because I’m sure it’s going to come up, Balthazar and I dated on and off for a few years right out of college. We’ve been friends for longer than that. He will bring it up, and he will be an ass about it.”
“You sure this is a good idea, Dean?” Pam asks him when he parks the car in the open field behind a house filled with music, booze, and misguided teenagers. “You don’t even like partying that much…”
, 2006.”
“Being with you is like breathing,” Castiel sighs as he feels Dean tense around him, shouting Cas’ name into the mattress, his mouth wide and hot and panting for air. He places a soft kiss to Dean’s temple, “I wanna make you feel like this for the rest of our lives.”
Cas nods and Dean tries not to stare at the boy’s long, naked body. Cas is vulnerable, he's trusting Dean, and he needs Dean to be a friend right now. So, that is exactly what he will be.
Irena beta'd for part of this chapter and I want to thank her for it, so go check out Irena's
“What about for New Year’s?”
Cancer is a real bitch.
“Let’s pray that John never finds out about those two. I’m not sure if I could keep myself from murdering John after he murders our Cas…”
“No. Please stay,” Dean answers weakly, looking over his bare shoulder at Castiel, broken and tired. He grabs his t-shirt from the floor and uses it to clean them both up, carefully dragging it across the skin of Castiel’s stomach. It reminds Castiel of when they were lovers. When sleeping together was a guarantee.
This is nothing like Castiel has experienced before. This is the feeling of Dean’s hot mouth sliding down his chest. This is not like one of those quick bathroom stall fucks that he’s had with a stranger in a desperate attempt at reclaiming his body. This is Dean’s bandaged hands sliding up his chest as he runs his tongue across the cutting edge of Castiel’s hipbone. This is not Alastair spitting hate as he aggressively pounds into him, ignoring Castiel’s pleas to stop. This is Dean taking Castiel’s hard length into his mouth and swallowing him whole, nuzzling his nose into the dark unruly hair below.
"What was Gordon talking to you about?"
“Happy birthday dear Castiel!” The crowd choruses as Ellen walks into the room, placing a yellow birthday cake with candles sticking out of it in front of him. They continue singing as Castiel waits awkwardly for the song to finish. What else are you supposed to do when a group sings 'Happy Birthday' to you? “Happy Birthday to you!”
Dean’s jaw clenches and relaxes, “I’m not – they don’t need to know.”
Without waiting for Lisa to respond, Dean bolts from the room and knocks on every single door until he hears Gordon’s muffled shout answer, “This one’s taken! Get your own room!
"Geez, someone needs to get laid," Dean grumbles, looking at the retreating form of the waiter. He turns to Cas with a wide grin stretched across his face and hums happily, "God, you look so freakin' gorgeous right now, Cas."
do that to you? Where the hell were you?” The stench of liquor rolling off of John’s breath is strong, Dean wonders if he was out all night too.
Castiel can feel Dean run his hands up his legs, rubbing small circles into his knees with his thumbs.
The possibility of what could have been leaves Castiel gasping for breath, hanging from an invisible rope. He’s scrambling to loosen the knot and break free of this hold that Dean has on him. But Dean’s the one who tied the noose, and Castiel didn’t think twice about wrapping it around his neck.
Raising his voice, Castiel gasps out, “But Dean, I am not okay! I’m so good at pretending because I’ve had plenty of opportunities to practice. And I know we don’t talk about it, but I tried to kill myself twice after you left. Nobody seemed to notice the first time, because I tried to do it with pills, like Sylvia Plath’s character in the Bell Jar. I took a bunch of sleeping pills and crawled into the basement. They thought I’d run away but, really, I couldn’t imagine a world without you in it.”
“Next time you tell Gordon about some imaginary girl; know that you’re a goddamn liar,” Cas continues breathlessly as his hips stutter and he bites down onto Dean’s shoulder.
*****
*****
Dean watches the rain pound on the pavement, steady and sure, which is something he is not. He gazes at his house sitting perfectly across the street, blurred from the rain.
“Yes, Jo, this is the place,” Sam respond, gleaming down at her and kissing the top of her head. He turns to Dean and asks, “What do you think, Dean?”
When he finally catches his breath, he wipes at his wet cheeks and stifles another sob, catching it and forcing it down, because he doesn’t want to wake anyone else up. What time is it anyways? He glances at the clock on his nightstand. Of course, it’s 4 A.M. It’s been three weeks since he slept through the night peacefully.
That’s what this feel like, Castiel thinks. Making up for lost time. Their bodies are different now, but the movements are so familiar that it feels like coming home. There is an ache in Castiel’s chest that reminds him just how much he’s missed this – missed Dean. All these years, trying to find anyone who might make him feel the way Dean does, and failing miserably each time. All those wasted nights spent on men who could never make him as whole as he is with Dean.
Dean doesn’t deserve this. Dean deserves someone who can give him what he wants. Castiel can’t do that; he never will be able to fully do that.
“I’m sorry.”
“I need you to,” He answers simply, pulling Dean’s hand down a little further and allowing him to stroke him once with a loose fist, eliciting a quiet sigh from Castiel’s full lips. “I just… Don’t…”
Dean’s lips are on his, mumbling, “Why wouldn’t I be?”
Castiel tries to remain indifferent, composed, as he reaches for a pill bottle, twisting off the cap and shaking one pill out into his hand. Extending it to Dean with a cup of water from the table beside them, Castiel thinks about begging for forgiveness. He wonders what that might look like – how it might turn out. Technically, he is a little buzzed still from the hydrocodone he took earlier, but Dean doesn’t need to know that. Dean stares at Castiel’s hands like he wants to rip them apart, but he doesn’t take the pill and Castiel doesn’t answer the question. They’re at a standstill.
Dean lets out a low chuckle and lowers his eyes when a family walks by them, and Castiel takes that as his cue to do as he’s told. Before he leaves, he takes a picture of their shopping list on his phone and agrees to grab the bottom half of items on the list. He tells Dean he’ll be back in twenty minutes with everything they need. And he does return to Dean, like a stranded ship locating the only beacon within a hundred miles, but he has more than what was on the list. He has his own little orange bottle of pills conspicuously tucked into the hidden pocket of his denim jacket. It rattles, a bad omen, but Castiel ignores that and focuses on the little voice in the back of his head telling him that he needs something to take away that dull ache in the center of his chest. Anything to ease that hollow feeling because, as much as he tries to be, he is not whole, and he is clearly fragmented, broken, and falling to fucking pieces.
“You scared?”
Castiel nods, “It’s odd to leave this place.”
Castiel barely lifts his head to peck a kiss onto Dean’s lips, eyes open, staring into Dean’s green eyes. He smiles when he flops down onto the mattress, “Are you gonna kiss me or not, Winchester?”
“I love you,” Dean admits without surprise or encouragement, bringing his hand up to toy with the ends of Castiel’s dark hair. At the moment, Castiel isn't quite sure if Dean feels the need to say it for safety or reassurance, but either way it is nice to hear it.
“They love each other, I think,” Jo says quietly, looking down at her pale hands.
“I need some space right now, Cas,” Huffing with frustration, Dean lifts his gaze warily. “I just need to think.”
“We both know that is not true.”
It’s been years since Castiel had allowed himself to think about Dean Winchester. Several years, actually. He learned to avoid things that reminded him of Dean, teaching himself to shut down at the most opportune of moments. For the last ten years, Castiel has attempted to erase all memories of Dean Winchester, and for the most part, he had succeeded.
Mary putters around the kitchen, “Well, you know how he is about school.” She idly opens the oven and slides the pan inside, “That reminds me: I got a call from Mr. Henricksen today.”
The ringing in his ears is annoying. Castiel curls in on himself, forming a ball with his body. His face is wet with tears, but someone wipes them away. Whoever it is keeps saying his name.
Gordon hates Dean Winchester.
“I don’t wanna think about it,” Lowering his eyes, he kisses Castiel’s neck tenderly, voice vibrating into his skin. “Don’t make me think about it right now.”
Dean snags Cas’ attention again from across the room and cocks his head towards the other room, squeezing his way between bodies and tables until he makes his way into the foyer. He shuffles his feet at the bottom of the staircase and sighs. It doesn’t take long before Cas rounds the corner.
“What is the name of that boy from lunch?”
“Hm, we’ll see about that.”
“I remember lying there after he was finished and wishing that I could fly away but feeling like he’d just ripped off my wings.”
Shamefully, Castiel whispers, “Sam said yes to Lucifer in Detroit.”
“Yeah, yeah. See you, Dean.”
“San Francisco,” Cas breaks the eye contact and looks down at his lap.
“Don’t engineers have to be good at math?”
Warnings in this chapter for: suicidal thoughts & explicit drug use.
"Thank you," He conjures the words without realizing it but feels the meaning behind them regardless.
“I need some air,” Dean answer flatly as he slams the door behind him.
“You just look…” A smile sneaks its way across Castiel’s face before he can filter himself, “You look like past you. Like you’ve never left your hometown.”
Laughing, Dean agrees, “You got that right. I was surprised when he told me that he was going to write a memoir. Just didn’t ever cross my mind that he’d do somethin’ like that.”
Castiel is not a fan of expectations. The chemotherapy didn’t work, and Ellen’s cancer had spread beyond repair. She was given a year and a half to live if she decided to stop treatment.
Hi everyone!
“Where the hell have you been?”
It is exceptionally hot for July in Oregon, and the last vivid, fully angelic memory that Castiel has is of Dean. He watches clear beads of sweat trail down Dean’s neck after killing two vampires, mixing with the blood splattered on his shirt collar.
“This stuff – pot – this is okay if you use it every once in a while, to sleep and relax, but don’t ever try anything with pills or needles. Y’know, the hard stuff.” Castiel feels Dean shift under him as he kisses the top of Castiel’s head affectionately and continues, “Just, now that you’re human, be careful about that shit.”
Castiel sneers, “We had a misunderstanding.”
“He likes you,” Jo says softly. “I can tell.”
“Cas, I –"
“Oh,” Dean blushes, relief washing over his body and he nods in understanding. There is no lingering uncertainty on Dean’s part. “Yeah, uh, that’s good. Sorry – I just – wanna make sure you’re safe about that kind of stuff. Y’know, like we talked about.”
She shows him all three floors, which means climbing quite a few stairs, and finally they reach his room on the third floor. It has a big bay window that looks out onto the street. One full bed is situated against a wall along with a side table. Across the room is a small wood dresser.
The pastor Richard King – Michael and Lucifer’s father – stands at the front of the church, ranting on about sins and being forgiven and following the heavenly plan that God has created for you and all this other crap. Dean wonders what the pastor would do if he discovered that one of his sons likes to suck dick and the other one is addicted to cocaine. But hey, some things are just better left unsaid.
Castiel briskly enters the house and climbs the stairs two at a time until he reaches the second floor. Stopping with his hand on the handle, Castiel rests his head on the door to his room and releases the breath he was holding. Turning the knob, he pushes forward and observes the walls of their home one last time.
The night wears on. One by one, the guests leave until only Dean, Sam, and Jessica remain.
Breathlessly, Dean whispers, “I’m yours.”
Dean does as he's told, sitting at the end of the bed facing the wall where Castiel goes to stand in front of him only a few feet away. After he's taken off his socks and shoes, Castiel looks at Dean in a way that he's never seen before. There's something soft and unsure behind Castiel's eyes, like he's not sure if this moment is real or not.
Pouring a generous amount of lube onto his fingers, Castiel urges a gentle finger into Dean’s tight entrance and savors the sharp inhale Dean’s takes at the touch. Castiel doesn’t move; he waits for Dean to fuck himself on Cas’ finger, choosing the pace he wants, and Castiel watches, entranced by the movement of Dean’s body.  And when Dean’s ready, Castiel adds a second finger, climbing on the bed and mouthing at the back of Dean’s neck. Dean moans into it, pushing his body back against Castiel’s hand.
“Don’t grab my, um, my wrists, and don’t-don’t h-hit me, or anything like that.”
Taking the not-so-subtle cue, he nods, “Yes, follow me.”
“Yes, I’ll pay now.”
“C’mon, one night won’t kill me,” He replies smoothly, turning to Pam as Chuck, Anna, and Gabe get out of the back seat and walk towards the party. Her warning gaze remains firm, and Dean sighs, resting against the leather seats of the Impala, “I need this, Pam.”
“That supposed to mean something special?”  Dean’s posture is closed off and self-deprecating.
“Think about what?”
“Cas, baby, I’m so sorry,” Dean whispers, grazing his fingers through Castiel’s matted black hair. He climbs into the bed and carefully wiggles his body until it is cocooned around Castiel’s limp frame. “I know it hurts right now, but it will get better.”
Without a second thought, Dean takes the hint and surges into Castiel’s space, kissing him. He’s pushing Castiel down onto the couch and wedging himself between Cas’ spread legs; the heat of their bodies pressed against each other sends a spark of heat straight through him. A moan escapes Castiel’s mouth and Dean kisses the corner of his open mouth, trailing a line of kisses down to his neck. They grind against each other, hands tangled in clothing and hair, and begin to make up for lost time.
Lifting his head, Dean props himself up to smile at him, “I missed you too, Cas.” They both lean forward for a kiss, but their noses bump together. “You go left— No, Cas, my left...” Their lips eventually meet, soft and kind with whispered words and muffled giggles in between. The kind of kiss Castiel thought he would never have. The kind of kiss he doesn’t think he deserves.
Bobby’s voice breaks the trance, tapping a spoon against his beer bottle to quiet the room. Once everyone’s eyes are fixated on him, Bobby announces, “Alright, all you idjits better get yer’ asses outside because the wedding’s gonna start in fifteen minutes.” The room erupts in laughter and movement as people begin to shuffle out the back door to find their seats in the backyard.
“I’m so sorry.” Dropping his head in shock, Robert asks, “How did she die?”
Sam lets out a laugh, teasing his brother, “They thought ‘Cas’ was Dean’s new
Raising his eyebrows and shrugging, Dean answers, "Well, you'll never know if you never try, right?"
Dean gives him a sly wink and steps away for a moment while Castiel checks in and gets the keys to their room. When Castiel returns to him with the keys in hand, Dean grins from ear to ear and quietly asks, “You’re gonna let me pay you back for this, right?”
“Okay. We can sleep.” Castiel allows himself to be guided to bed, and they lie down facing each other. Castiel drifts off without a second thought. Meanwhile, Dean watches the younger boy sleep, brushing his dark hair from his fluttering eyes. He remains there for an hour, just watching, but eventually he slips out of the room to take a leak. When he returns, Cas is exactly as he left him. Crawling back onto the bed, Dean drifts in and out of a light slumber. He dreams of all the unexplained scars littered across Cas’ body.
“That boy is drunk off his ass,” John grumbles. “Were you drinking, too?”
“That’s nice, Gordon, but that does not mean that I have to listen.”
He isn’t given time to protest. Jo shoves him towards Michael as Dean is walking back over with their drinks. Dean leans into Jo and says something, but Castiel can’t hear them now, not over the music.
With a weak smile and a pit in his stomach, Castiel shrugs, “Never been better.”
Jo is dead, and Dean loved her.
In the end, Castiel must slide beneath Dean to reach a blue dot. It’s a precarious situation with Dean looming over Cas and slowly losing the strength to keep himself up.
Dean lowers his head and kisses Castiel, murmuring against his lips, “I’ve been thinking about you all day.”
*****
Finally, Castiel breaks the trance and looks away. Without Cas staring him down, Dean tries to get a better look at the other boy. The closer he looks, the less he sees a normal teenager. Now Dean sees it all: the dark bruises under Cas’ eyes, the small circular burns along the length of his arms, and the sadness, so much sadness.
There are rows and rows of headstones. Some are huge. Some aren’t. Some have beautiful epitaphs. Some don’t. The big, massive marble headstones are always those of the wealthy, and the smallest headstones—the ones that are just plaques with the date of birth the same day as the date of death—are miscarried unborn babies. Castiel isn’t sure what is more depressing: to have it all and to lose it or to never even be given the chance to lose anything.
“I already told someone,” Dean replies with a sigh. “I told the nurse everything.”
“I’m glad you like it. Okay, go put some warmer clothes on and we can go back outside.”
Castiel snorts and rolls his eyes at Jo’s smug grin, “I’m not evenly remotely close to being a hot-shot.”
Dean complies, pulling all the way out before pushing back in roughly, forcing Cas’ breath out of him. He continues with the brutal pace, their hands still entwined, until Cas comes with a relieved groan. He blacks out for what feels like minutes – his mind suspended in time and space, creating its own constellations – returning just in time to feel Dean come inside him. Dean collapses against his body, and Castiel pets his drenched neck lovingly.
Ignoring the response on the other side of the door, Dean shoves the door open and it’s as if time stops for a moment. The room is still in the pale blue light of the moon filtering through the window, illuminating the bare and unmoving flesh of Anna’s naked body. Above her, Gordon scrambles to pull his pants and boxers up from around his ankles as he climbs off the unconscious girl. And now – now all Dean can see is red. He sees fire and blood and searing pain. Marching over to the bed, Dean elbows Gordon out of the way and goes to cradle Anna’s limp head in his arms. Pressing his fingers to her neck, Dean checks her pulse while Gordon still struggles to redress himself.
“No, I should have just let you—“
“I’m not lying to you,” Dean whispers, his stern gaze melts under Castiel’s. For a moment, Castiel attempts to pinpoint the emotion on Dean’s face; he is an inept judge of feelings. But he does notice that Dean’s eyes are puffy and pink, and there is a quiver in his lip that cannot be ignored. Dean rasps out, confused, “Why d’you think I’m mad at you, Cas?”
Scuffing his heel against the banister, Castiel takes a deep breath to prepare himself. He follows the familiar voice coming from the kitchen. Dean sits at the kitchen table, glaring at the papers in front of him with a concentration that cannot be broken.
, I mean do you need me to do anything for you? I could get you something if you want.”
“Well, happy fucking New Year,” Ellen curses, lifting her glass of brandy into the air with a fake smile plastered across her face. They all follow suit, raising their glasses and begging for mercy under their breath.
Castiel attempts to collect himself and responds, “I forgive you. I’d be lying if I told you that I didn’t think about reaching out to you, too. I convinced myself that what you said was true, because it really was easier than wondering what
"Oh! Fuck!" Dean shouts, digging his nails into the leather. He curses himself for possibly damaging the seat, but the world feels like it depends solely on him having this fucking orgasm.
“Nothing.”
Castiel’s certain that Dean brought him along today, just the three of them, as a new form of punishment. He twists the knife deeper a little more every day, and Castiel just wants him to finish the fucking job.
“It’s just a phrase, Cas.”
And the last thing he wants to do is to drag Dean into his mess again.
Dean huffs in frustration, “From day one, I knew this was gonna fall on me. I saw it in 2014, and I keep thinking I can try to change it somehow.”
“I’ve forgiven you, Dean,” Castiel moves closer, twisting his body in his seat so their knees touch and they’re facing each other. His blue eyes bore into Dean. “I think that, no matter what, we could live out a million different scenarios and circumstances and universes, and we would still find our way back to each other.”
“Yes, they are, sweetheart. They look like people. Now tell me how bad your dreams are.”
“Hey, listen to me…” The nurse gently pats his back and lowers her voice to a sweet tone that hums in Dean’s ears, “I need you to take a deep breath, and I need you to be strong so that we can help her.”
“Yes,” Castiel mumbles, clearing his throat. “I want to write about him. In the book.”
As she walks away, Dean enters the room again and Castiel finally gets a moment to really look at him for the first time tonight. His eyes are red and watery and the skin around his left eye is slowly fading to a dark blue and purple color as it puffs out into a blossoming black eye. He has a small split lower lip and some blood on his t-shirt. To sum things up, he looks like shit.
Dean hates the idea of needing help. Winchesters don’t need help. He can do this on his own. If Sammy can get through school on his own, then so can Dean. There is no reason for him to need assistance, but Dean knows a doctor’s test can argue against that.
Dean is an unstoppable force, dragging Castiel down with him as he falls back onto the bed. Grabbing Dean's wrists and pinning them above his head, Castiel licks into Dean’s mouth, dragging a groan from the back of his throat. Hips rushing forward to connect, Castiel’s skin catches fire under Dean’s fevered touch. Castiel accelerates the flame, aiming to be devastated in the process.
kill demons.
“No!” Sam yelled.
The older Winchester hit the motel wall. “Son of a bitch!” He yelled. “Can’t you track his phone with yours?! Seriously, how freakin’ far in the future are you from?!”
Wait, what? How was
“Sorry, Oma.” They happened to speak at the same time.
Sam nodded with a sincere look on his face as he started to lag the group, feeling more tension than he expected. Nevertheless, he kept his face free of the stress he had on his mind.
“You want me, right? Let the kid go!” Dean snapped at the angel.
“That depends. What are we playing for?” He asked.
Neither of the boys had any idea what had just transpired. All both did was
“Dean, wait.” The angel told him, and a bright light appeared. Raphael was in possession of Donnie’s body again and already inside the cabin, flaring with lightening in the shape of wings, and lightbulbs shattered.
1 “Listen to me, Sammy, it’s alright. You’ll be fine.”
8 “No, I’m not. You’re afraid, Sam, and it’s alright to be! You’re human, just like your namesake. Why do you think you should always be strong?”
Dean hauled up and slammed him against the wall. “Listen to me. I’m not a demon.” He reasoned with the older hunter, noticing Rebekah approaching behind him. “Think, Rufus. All those omens.”
Just because Sam’s no longer alone in his anguish, it doesn’t mean any of it is less painful than it is. He and Samuel meet with Dean and the other two time-travelers, whom the latter hunter purposes a plan to use himself as bait in Sam’s place when the hunters came for the younger Winchester to prove himself trustworthy to Dean.
“No, it’s harder.” Present Cas said, taking him literally.
“Dean?”
“Okay, I get it. Don’t mean to pry, my bad.”
“More than I can handle alone.” She answered, calmer.
“Father!” The young woman cried, running out to the pastor, and sobbing.
After Samuel’s would-be attackers left, business at the bar became slow and his namesake told him to sit down and take a break, just seeing him lost in thought like that wasn’t a good thing. Their manager was out for the evening and it was just Samuel, his namesake, and Lindsay working that night, so it was safe. Once he sat down and grabbed his law book from behind to bar to continue reading in the corner of the room, his namesake quickly texted D and told him what had just transpired. The next thing Samuel knew was that his brother was there, pulling up two chairs to sit down at the small table.
“Sorry?”
Danny figured that it would take his older sister a while to get her demon blood fix in and to get them something to snack on that evening. He’d been sitting on the sofa and nursing a beer that was beside him on the wooden sidewall table, flipping through the German channels that he’d forgotten about until now for something interesting.
The oldest futuristic Winchester sibling realized that his namesake probably wanted to ask him about what he meant back at the church.
Updated authors note (11\25\20):
Sometimes Dean felt like he was older than Sam in a few ways, like his older brother’s self-control and self-discipline were almost non-existent.
“So, pit stop at Mount Doom?” Dean said.
His younger brother smiled. “
The woman tugged present Cas up. “Come on, baby.”
“You caught me. Popped into watch.” Whatever it was said. “I can hustle like that.”
He forced himself to grab his duffel-bag and leave the room. Him and his older sister hadn’t come up with a plan for Lucifer yet as they just finished breakfast. They figured that at least a few demons followed them there. Danny and Emma were hopefully not going to be staying in their old rooms, not that they didn’t like spending time with their grandparents, though. Those rooms were filled with memories that neither Winchester sibling wanted to remember.
The door chimed and somebody came in.
, pal.”
As for the original statement:
He sighed in relief and stood up, gesturing for the hesitant young man to stand up as well. “It’s my brother. We’re safe, okay?” Sam assured the kid as his older brother walked down the aisles to the two demon’s dead on the floor and two identical knives, one just more worn out than the other, dripping blood.
know about clothes, given that he valued his outward appearance, hence seeming to prefer the nicer things he could afford. He had to tell them about his conversation with Lucifer via dream, and as he was about to tell them, the waitress from earlier came over. She put four paper menus on the table and pulled out her notepad and pen from her hoodie pocket. “What can I get ya’ll?”
he thought somberly, wishing he could just speak it out loud and just be put down like the monster he believed himself to be as he and Dean walked through the barren streets of Rivers Pass, Colorado with their guns close to them,
He was especially attentive toward her left shoulder where a small bit of her shirt was ripped with blood over it. It looked like she had been in contact with glass, or something like that, as her pants were ripped, and she had a few small cuts scattered throughout her legs, too. This girl was attractive, and kind of hot, if you’d ask Dean on a different occasion.
.” Sam reassured them quietly with an empathetic look on his face. “Do you know a safe place you can hide and take care of your injuries?”
Meanwhile Dean and present Cas are searching for Raphael. The older Winchester pushes back his feelings for the angel and tries to just focus on the case, so finally, here’s some more Destiel and I included a Sam POV on it, too.
Wait, Dean had proven that he wasn’t a threat to the boy after present and future Cas proved that Samuel was telling the truth about everything he (and the other two time-travelers) told the original Winchester brothers in the present (or past, to them). The kid was just…Weird, to say the least. He stopped in front of the hotel, where he saw a Bible salesman (or maybe a street preacher), standing outside of the hotel with a handful of pamphlets.
In my mind, Sam is like Derek Morgan to Samuel like Spencer Reid, despite being the same age. Without giving any spoilers away, Morgan is like an older brother to Reid, and more experienced in different areas that he helps Reid with, like picking up girls.
In her opinion, Sam always managed to ruin about everything he touched, often without even trying, not that she’d tell him that. Emma knew that her twin really wasn’t a bad person and that he meant well, but sometimes, Sam was so damn selfish. He cared more about his hair and clothes than civilian lives, and he hid his vanity very well with a sensitive and kind act. She had to admit she liked wearing more than thrift store and cheap Walmart brand clothing, but she wouldn’t want to assault or murder somebody over ruining one of her outfits, like he’d be tempted to do. Plus, she didn’t care if anybody knew how poor she and her family was, unlike Sam who was too vain for his own good.
Sam wished that the time-traveler didn’t jump the gun and go straight for intimidating them before anything happened at all, but it’s not like he could blame the younger-looking hunter for being angry at his namesakes’ would-be attackers.
Rufus stopped as nothing was happening, and Jo let go of his hand and picked up the water jug. The kid started to wake up and the younger Winchester noticed his eyes opening but barely moved at all as Rufus and Jo were right in front of them.
“Be ready.”
.” He spoke quietly. “It’s like you’re trying to be like me, is that it?”
Dean and present Cas got out of the Impala upon arriving at their destination.
Now that I've updated the prologue, this chapter should be properly fixed up as well. As you guys can tell, I mixed up 5x2 and 5x10. I fixed it up in the following chapter(s) by making it a miscalculation on the Castiel and the time-travelers, part.
What do guys think of the new and improved fic?
I also realized that I mixed up some of the timelines while other mistakes I'll be fixing in this chapter. I'm also aware that there are things like boring exposition at times (in my opinion anyways), inconsistencies within the plot, and admittedly, I hadn't had much direction for what I wanted to with this story up until I began coming up with ideas for chapter nine. I've been working on chapter ten, thinking more about the plot in the long-run, and I've come up with A LOT of new ideas! It'll still probably be some time until chapter ten comes out, given the large lack of planning up until a few months ago.
“You’re a goddamn liar!” The kid yelled, with his voice naturally louder.
“Daddy ran away and disappeared. He didn’t happen to work for the post office, did He?”
“There a reason you’re calling?”
Ellen interrupted with urgency. “You don’t know what it’s like out there. Demons are everywhere. We won’t be able to cover everybody.” She tried to reason with the older Winchester. “Two of
“Hey, do you, uh, wanna take the Impala?”
If he lied and say any other angel’s name, or said they didn’t identify themselves, the three of them would be caught in a lie that could increase suspicion. He thought for a second, then turned to his older brother who seemed to be starting to return to his meticulous and arrogant self.
“That’s why I can’t stay here for long.” The seraph explained with urgency in his gravelly voice. “You don’t have a lot of time before the attack begins, Sam. Make your preparations.”
It was like a reverse of his and Sam’s childhood, but more traumatic in some respects. John and Dean tried to protect Sam from knowing about monsters, but Klaus didn’t seem to try at all. At least he didn’t disown his oldest son for going to college, but it sounded like he didn’t help his three kids in California at all, given that they were living out of a motel.
my pets by the way.”
The title change is inspired by “King of Misery,” by Saul, which gives me a lot of Sam vibes. I don’t ship nearly destiel as heavily as I used to, for future reference, and I’m more of a sastiel shipper these days, but I still like s4-s5 destiel.
“That’s right. I’m sure Sammy told your brother about us being from the future, and that he’s named after your brother. I’m named after you, and we carry on the family business forty-seven years from now.” The older kid continued with sincerity in his voice, pulling the knife out of his jeans pocket. “Anyhow, it took us a long time to locate it, but we found your original knife last year.”
Quietly tiptoeing across the room, he cracks the window and lights up, watching the thick plume of smoke escape into the night air. He smokes until he forgets to listen for Dean’s footsteps. The click of the door opening makes him jump, but he doesn’t turn around; it could only be one person.
“Cas, pass the mashed potatoes please,” Ellen whispers to him at the table, trying not to interrupt Sam and Jo’s incredibly interesting conversation about wedding bouquets.
“Shopping is very domestic,” Cas replies, staring out the window, his voice flat and emotionless. “I’m not used to that.”
“And you’re funny. This will be a wonderful evening then,” Balthazar winks at him, releasing Dean’s hand and tipping his head towards the restaurant. “It’s bloody cold out here. Let’s go inside, shall we?”
“I’m full of surprises,” He reluctantly passes the cigarette back to her and watches as she takes a drag and exhales through her nose. “It’s been a while, though. I was locked up for a few months.”
“How lucky of us,” Castiel can’t help but smile, finally tilting his head to catch a glimpse of Dean behind the wheel. The sight of him sends a spark through Castiel’s stomach. Dean looks the same, but older; his twenties suit him nicely. An awkward silence settles in the air around them, making the air stiff and stale with uncertainty. Castiel takes a deep breath through his nose and asks, “Why didn’t you call?”
Cas slips his thumbs under the waistband of Dean's boxers and pulls them down slowly. His eyes grow dark at the sight of Dean's cock bobbing out, leaking at the tip. Crawling over him, Cas leans forward and presses his mouth to Dean's ear, "I want you to be begging for my cock by the time I'm done with you." An involuntary groan escapes Dean and he lifts his hips in a desperate attempt to grind against Cas.
“To be honest, I wasn’t sure if I wanted you to or not,” Castiel replies. “But I’m glad you did. Show up, I mean.”
