“No, he isn’t!” Tony snaps. “He fucking isn’t, Amma. I don’t believe you, because I can’t find any fucking sign of him. It really does look like Obadiah Stane disappeared, but even if he did change his name, flee to fucking Mexico or something, I would be able to find him. I could track him, search the surveillance cameras for his face, unless he got some plastic surgery like the Joker, but I can’t find him anywhere. So, you tell me, you tell me
“I know you are. I hope you know that… despite everything that’s happened, I have never questioned your love for the kids once,” Tony says, patiently.
Steve sighs. “Because if her father never died, she never had a reason to save him. It becomes a vicious circle,” he says, wearily, pinching the bridge of his nose. “And if we went back in time to stop Thanos from snapping his fingers, there’s never a reason for us to go back in time in the first place. It would be a paradox, and there would be time demons floating everywhere and removing us from the space-time continuum.”
“The Ten Rings. They blew up your caravan and brought you here. Though I can’t say that I know what purpose they have for you… They don’t talk with me much.” Yinsen grinned at Tony with a sad grin. Tony didn’t want to think of the reason as to why. Instead, he rose shakily to his feet, grabbing the battery so that he could wander.
“I thought it was because I’m your boss and since I sign your paycheck that you did what I asked.” Pepper gave him a look. Tony didn’t question her much further.
“Something like that.” Bucky wandered further into their makeshift gym. Taking hold of the other side of the bag, grunting slightly from Steve’s rough punches. “His son has taken over the family business, and I’m not quite sure if that means he’s taken over… the other business as well. That Merchant of Death might be who’s taken over the Italian mob. I couldn’t tell with this guy.”
Tony closed his eyes to the thought. His chest ached. “Out.” Tony opened his eyes to the order and noticed that they were finally stopped. The door was open next to him. He climbed out though not without a little shove from Barnes regardless.
Tony shook his head, bringing his hands away from where hidden guns were on his person. He wasn’t going to shoot anyone while Bruce was there. Nope.
“No, I’m not saying that, but they are in Manhattan. Their leader is young, might not know about the squabble Barnes had with my old man.”
So, he pulled it out, walked with Hammer and befriended him. It wasn’t hard. Tony didn’t claim it to be easy either. Justin wasn’t under the impression that Tony was anything like his father, and that when they were CEO’s together that they might be able to tackle a lot of the business world. Tony didn’t know bloodlust then, there was still hope between him and Hammer. But when Obie called him, told him that his dad wanted him to come back home and attend a university. Tony’s friendship with Hammer faded.
Tony paused his blow torch to stare at the screen that had Loki’s face plastered on it. His eyes were directed in front of him, watching with amusement. After Tony had talked with Bucky the Mob Boss had sent Loki with him to take the Irish member back to the warehouse. Since then Tony hadn’t heard anything from Loki until now.
“Are you listening to me, Loki? Father and mother both were upset when you left home.” Loki shook his head then. “You refuse to believe this, but it is true. Father was in the hospital for weeks with a weak heart after you had gone. Mother didn’t leave his side.”
Behind the teen, if Steve was to follow his guess, was a burly man who seemed to hold a flask tight in his right fist. “Merchant might ask for your head next time if you aren’t careful Captain. He doesn’t like people messing with his stuff.” The man sounded bored as if it were more of a chore for him to be there.
He looked over at Natasha, whose head was resting on Clint’s shoulder. He was sure that she could see Clint’s cards, she’d likely win. “I didn’t get bored, just decided that maybe we stop letting the Merchant walk over us. We used to have a truce with them, I’d be willing to try for one with him. Howard fell out with Barnes for some reason…” Bucky seemed to stiffen at the mentioning of Howard again, but relaxed seconds later.
It wasn’t all that shocking to Tony that Roger’s started up business quick. Tony had made sure that Logan and Wilson both kept them from the trade. It was in hopes that they wouldn’t stay in town long. Maybe head over to Jersey, or the Bronx. Hell… Queens would have worked even. Tony didn’t understand the need to come over to Manhattan, where Tony was set up as Merchant of Death. “We’ll get it worked out Obie. Just go settle some paperwork. We can talk about this later.” Tony could hear the telltale sounds of vibrations coming from Obie’s suit pocket. There were people trying to get ahold of him. Probably for interviews or something for SI. Tony didn’t care in that moment, just wanted him out of the room. His house. His life in that instant.
They sat there, together, as they usually did after big changes such as this. Though Tony couldn’t remember this thick air that was around them, even when Tony had said that he’d discussed with the ‘guardians’ who had packed up and moved to the Bronx. That Peter Quill had given Tony a lot of business, even though Loki had been unsure about them too. Though Tony had put Logan on their tails for a bit to make sure they behaved.
When Steve finally located Bucky, he held in a small amount of shock. He looked frazzled, almost a ghost. His skin was pale, his eyes blown wide and when he saw Steve he scrambled to his feet. “We need to get out of Manhattan. Tonight.” Steve held up his hands to hold back Bucky who was starting to push at Steve’s chest with both hands. “Steve, please, we can’t stay here. We are in way over our heads.”
When they were finally all out Tony was walked towards the warehouse. He glanced around him but didn’t really take in much at first glance. Inside Tony felt all eyes zero in on him. He grinned.
“No… My father stepped out from my family. I moved in with the Barnes when I was young. It's likely under that name.”
Clint stepped forward then. “The docks has become a bit of a danger zone for our business, the Captain wanted me to talk with one of your higher-ups about protection. We would be willing to pay, of course, though-”
“JARVIS sent me, said that he could get you to leave your lab and he wouldn’t turn off my lights until I at least tried.” He shrugged, exposing his hands from his pockets. “this is me trying I suppose.”
For the better part of several years, Tony had kept tabs with them. What they stole, traded, borrowed. It was astonishing what they were able to get done in a day without batting an eyelash. He’d been impressed with them until bitterness set in and he’d given the observation of them to Hogan. He should have guessed that it was them when it was Happy to come and give the news of the gang’s movement. Except Happy had ignored telling him the small detail that they weren’t a gang… “A FLIPPIN MOB!” Tony’s fist suddenly came down on the top of the desk, rattling some of the picture frames that were there.
There were a few things that Steve didn’t quite understand when he first got back. New forms of slang, or the different groups that had popped up while he was away. The family had been fine while he’d gone, but he could tell that they were shaken. The leader of their family was ill, gravely ill. In the letter that Peggy wrote he’d been told that he was asked to take up the leadership position for them, give them a man who would do what he must to protect them. When Peggy died a few years after Steve was officially the leader of their group, Steve vowed to never trust other gangs again with jobs.
” With that Obie ended the call and Tony felt as if he’d just been slapped in the face. What did Tony have to be worried for? The Irish Mob was ditching town, the Merchant would still be feared when he got back… He could actually go and do the demo without risking his reputation.
Tony ran his right hand through his mop of black hair. What he wouldn’t give to have Rhodey back stateside. He didn’t like the darker male being so far away from him, to offer advice when Tony needed it, to be the one to tell him what needed to be done before he got in over his head. There was always satellite calling, or video messaging. It wasn’t as if Tony couldn’t afford the expense. But Tony wanted the other there with him. Physically. He wanted his best friend next to him, and working by his side. But Rhodes took a rain check on him, told him to wait on asking him to take Obie’s place in the family.
Regardless Steve has a rag ready for the man after Bucky’s hand connected with his nose. Loki hadn’t exactly taken it but didn’t seem to complain when it meant that the blood would stop pooling into his mouth uncomfortably. The rag was now on the ground after Loki had thrown it at Thor, who had walked into walking intentionally towards the smaller man. Everyone was waiting for Thor to start wailing on the man for that alone, but Thor had simply put his hands on his hips and spoke down at Loki as if he were in trouble with a parent. Steve had to wonder what they must have been like as children when Thor acted this way. It was the calmest he had ever seen the man.
“It won’t be easy, Steve. When Hades joins the fight many don’t come back alive.” He could believe it. Getting up on his feet Steve offered a hand to her and they wandered back to the warehouse. Not many of the family slept well that night. Many of them were asleep in cots, at the moment, and trying to get some shut eye before heading out on the town. Bucky was playing cards with Clint.
The man stood straighter if that was possible when Tony mentioned Howard. Tony never knew that his father had befriended someone just a few years older than him. “My condolences. I didn’t mean to bring up old scars intentionally. But if Howard is dead, who are you?”
The man was stocky, not too terribly tall, even Tony would tower over him. His clothing was dark, obviously so that he wouldn’t stand out in the night. Black leather jacket, dark jeans, black shirt. Tony had been told he was wearing a ski mask until he ripped it off to talk with the dock manager. Tony felt his teeth start to grind together. This man didn’t know what he’d been thinking when he decided to rile up Tony.
“Cool it, Rumlow. The kid isn’t a threat to us or the family. Put your safety back on.” But the ex-militant didn’t so much and falter.
They sat there for a few moments, taking in the glow of the morning. How the sun barely peaked out over the skyscrapers and other business buildings that were a part of Manhattan. “This city is toxic,” Steve stated rather bluntly. Pulling his knees up to his chest, curling his arms around his knees. “I can tell that there is an air about this place that reeks of drug usage and arms dealings. I know that Brooklyn has a lot of that too, but this place breaths it in without a second thought. It’s like that friend who gets you started on Cigarettes and booze and doesn’t feel an inch of remorse for it.”
Steve was slightly shocked at how fast Peter turned to look at Barton. “Everyone in Queens knows that confession in Manhattan runs a different way. The Merchant wouldn’t have such a clean conscious if he was arrested for telling his priest all the gory details. It’s the only reason I’m here besides the hellhole I just got myself out from. I’d say I did Manhattan a favor.” Peter was tense. Too tense. Steve could tell that it was hurting the kid more than it seemed. He hadn’t wanted to do what he’d just done; his voice was strained and crisp as if he were recovering from tears. Joy or sorrow, Steve wasn’t sure. But Steve could tell that Peter wasn’t used to this type of deal, he didn’t just kill people because he wanted to do it. He did it because he saw it as his only option.
As he wandered the warehouse Steve waved to Clint, who was tying up some of their spare clothes into a bag. They didn’t have trucks around yet, but they were going to head out soon. Bucky was the most frantic out of the group in Steve’s honest opinion. He’d packed the fastest and had offered to go get the trucks long before Steve was even ready to ask for volunteers. It was slightly concerning to Steve to see his best friend in such a state.
The cock of a barrel. When did he grab..? Tony’s eyes were almost wide when he looked at his own hand. A gun. He thought he would be trembling. Scared to be back into this sort of life. That wouldn’t ever be the case, would it? He was bred for this lifestyle. Molded. There wasn’t anything else that he was meant to do other than this. “I think you know how my terms usually go.” Tony didn’t know his own voice. It wasn’t smooth. It was rough. Did it sound this way during the press conference?
Tony was quick across the room, slamming the door but he wasn’t quick enough to stop the two men from entering, aiming their guns at him. Tony froze. Rhodey had his gun drawn and so did Pepper. Tony wasn’t holding a gun. For once he wasn’t holding the gun. The Merchant within felt vulnerable, exposed. “What do you want?” Tony growled, eyes never leaving the two men who were trained on him.
“A kid without a home. A kid who burns buildings as a means to ridding himself of problems. A kid who cried when his first family died and stopped cry after he left the second. Tell me,
He ticked his tongue before turning back to the screen that held Pepper’s face. “Pepper, just tell them that it’s important company business. They’ll understand that, right?”
Now they were parked on 32nd, twiddling their thumbs until they were sure that they weren’t going to be jumped by any more cops. “Next time, I’m bringing Natasha along,” Bucky muttered, using his knife to cut some of the calluses from his hands.
“You don’t actually hate Steve.” Tony opened his mouth to retort but nothing came out. It was a pregnant pause before Peter spoke again. “When you hate someone Mr. Stark. Your eyes are different. It’s obvious, even on television. You hate Mr. Osborne. You hate Reed Richards. You hate big flashy cameras and too intrusive news anchors. But when you talk to Steve or are around him you act differently.” Peter smile shyly, “You’re intrigued by him.”
Clint flung a pebble at the other. “Don’t beat yourself up about it terminator. I’m sure that Steve will just be glad we make it home safe. By the way, I’m still impressed with what you’re able to do with one arm.” Bucky smirked at the other, throwing a pebble back at him. “I’m serious. How many one-armed guys can say that they can lift their bodies up onto a rooftop with as much ease as you do?”
Bruce shrugged. “We know you inside and out. I would have hoped you wouldn’t doubt us by this point.” Tony smirked and shook his head. “But either way… A truce? I wasn’t too sure about it when you first mentioned it Tones, but thinking about it makes sense. The Irish Mob isn’t all that bad, plus they are loyal. The Captain keeps a tight ship and doesn’t typically allow people in unless he knows that they can be trusted.” Bruce rubbed his hands nervously. “Have you set up a meeting with the Captain?”
“Peter is the same age that I was… When the red room decided to use me.” Bucky stiffened but didn’t speak. He knew the red room, had talked with Natasha about it several times. It was not usual for Natasha to talk about it so casually.
Obie took off, but not without another curse and a promise to be back the next day to try and talk to Tony about it again. Tony hoped that he got hit by a bus before then. The CEO sighed when he heard the door close. “Don’t think I’ve ever seen him so upset with you, Tones.” Tony glanced at his best friend.
The man smirked, turning to face Tony so that he could gesture with an arm, “You’ve allowed other gangs into your territory… Another mob only recently. Word is that you haven’t even talked with them yet, set the ground rules.” The man leaned in further, “you are losing your touch, and your name apparently doesn’t spread the fear that you seem to think that it contains. Many are starting to doubt the weight of the name… Merchant of Death? Or Merchant of Aging? Men on the streets are starting to see your men and are deciding to take a stand against your regime. They don’t believe in the threats that you promise.” Tony kept his eyes forward, fingers curling around the bar though not tightly. “Even now you do not seem to care that you are falling. Had you been expecting this outcome for a while? If so, why not place the crown on someone else, someone who can take over for you? Surely you would have a son or daughter for that matter who could hold your title.” The man smirked wider. “Think about it, Merchant. You are getting too soft, and the press will get too close. The position that you’ve presented yourself in has made you weak to competition. It has made YOU weak.”
Bucky was brandishing a knife beside Steve, taking a defensive stance up next to him. Peter was behind Steve, and everyone else… They were locked and loaded on the newcomers. Thor seemed to be the only unarmed man there, but Steve knew better. “We weren’t harming him, you can tell the Merchant that. But I want to know what’s with the tail? We didn’t do anything that would cause too much attention.”
“You look pensive, Captain.” Steve glanced back to the doorway, the morning sun keeping Bucky in the shadows momentarily until he walked outside. “Mind telling me what’s on your brain punk?” That threw a grin onto Steve’s face immediately. He patted the spot of grass next to him, and let Bucky throw an arm over his shoulder as a means to somehow comfort him but not really.
“What?” Peter’s face erupted with scarlet and he and moved his head to the side so that he wasn’t looking at Steve directly.
His answers to any of the presses questions were quiet, slow and not all there. Tony jumped from word to word, as if his thoughts were scattered.
Steve rose to his feet, sighing. “I see nothing that I’m saying is getting through to you. Perhaps I’ll return and you can consider this more thoroughly.” He went for the door, but not before realizing his mistake. The gun cocked behind him.
“Gotta warn you, I’m not some cheap date.” Was Clint’s reply. It was always surprising to Clint how close he and Bucky had actually become due to Bucky’s injury. When he and Bucky had first been introduced to one another, Bucky had already been without his arm. Physical therapy was a part of Buck’s daily routine, but he had been around the base with Steve when Clint first arrived. Steve had found Clint after a job gone wrong. He’d been bleeding out in an alley, trying to force the blood to stop. Steve had taken Clint in without a second thought when he saw him. Once Clint joined the base he met Bucky and they talked from there. Bucky was sarcastic and held a similar likeness to Clint that he didn’t see much in other people. It was relaxing after nearly dying.
“Mr. Stark?” Tony blinked. The board of directors had called a meeting that afternoon, thankfully for Tony’s caffeine addiction, and he’d been there for at least an hour and a half. He looked around to the other round old faces, minus Clark who seemed built like a freight train but was smart and young.
“What’s happened since I’ve been away? Rhodey didn’t have long to chat by the time I was available before the flight. Though he was mentioning that you might be trigger happy?” Bruce knew too well about Tony’s past, what he’d done for his position, how he got his name.
Tony could recall some of the wiser words that his father shared with him before sending him off to boarding school. “Tony, you won’t get far if you don’t make friends carefully.” Tony believed him. It’s where his friendship with Justin Hammer came into play. Hammer was slowly rising in popularity amongst many of their peers. Tony knew that if he was going to be known, it would be first through a friendship with him.
Manhattan, New York. It was large, held tall buildings, and it was sure to capture anyone that walked its streets. People milled about without much care, talking on cell phones or just walking down the road to a cab or work. People were what Manhattan was meant to store. People lived when they were there. They didn’t think about anything else other than living. It’s what Tony admired about Manhattan, why he didn’t set up shop anywhere else. The livelihood of Manhattan has that spark that fueled the Stark into believing that he could conquer anything that he thought he could.
Thor rested his hand on Loki’s neck then, bringing the man face to angle towards him, but Loki’s eyes steered away. “Loki…”
“My flight leaves, in two hours. I tend to check in an hour early… You better hope your – Pepper- is fast at what she does.”
He glanced around the small area, snorting at the mediocre decorum that he was now residing. “Still in Afghanistan?” Tony asked, glancing at Yinsen, who nodded in confirmation. Tony shook his head.
He knew that it wasn’t reasonable. For a while, Rhodey had to quell Tony’s blood lust after his father’s ‘accidental’ death. Tony was sure that it was that week alone that earned him the title ‘Merchant of Death’.
Along with a thought of unpredictable nature. He seemed too eager to pull a trigger, too mouth-watering unsated for the likelihood that there would be bloodshed should he give the order. Steve nearly felt the need for himself to pull out his revolver from his waistband in the back of his trousers. When they stopped, five feet between them, he heard the man give a small cackle. “Interesting. You don’t know who I am, do you?”
Steve knew. He did. But he’d thought that he could call on the aide of an old friend, someone who became like a mentor to him when he first showed some interest in mob business. “You didn’t answer my question.”
“Why aren’t you trying to kill me.” Bucky was proud of himself, his voice wasn’t shaking, but his hands were not fooling anyone. Tony’s head tilted to the side as if thinking about it. Asking himself, why indeed?
Steve held up a hand and slowly they all lowered their guns. When they did, so did the goons. The man stepped out from the center when Steve approached, seeming to burst from all the energy that was held in his body. There was one word going through his brain at that moment about the man.
Clint held out a piece of paper, but it was Loki who grabbed the paper. “That won’t be enough,” Loki snarled, setting the paper down on a nearby table. Tony picked it up then and grinned. “Do you take us for charity? We don’t just give protection to just anyone.”
“Mr. Stark. I know that it’s been a while, but I was hoping that I could talk with you about my family and I staying here. I know that when we last met our families didn’t end on very friendly terms, but I still had that card you’d given me before we’d left. I thought I’d give it a shot.” Tony’s brow creased. The man behind him didn’t sound young, but he wasn’t old either. This man knew his father…
Loki hadn’t explained how close he was with the man. Steve had been curious but Thor had entered the room before he could ask for more.
“The Merchant, I would like to talk with him.” Steve quite possibly couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Peter had been terrified of the man when they had first encountered him. There were times when Steve had been woken up from a nightmare that he’d already find Peter wide awake and staring at the front door of the warehouse. As if the Merchant were about to walk through again.
When Tony finally made it to his own floor it was cold. Not that he was going to complain about it. The cave had been hot, muggy, and the worst part of it had been damp. Tony was fine with the air around him being cold. “Sir, Master Loki has just arrived. He has a guest with him.” Tony turned to the elevator again and sighed.
"You're a sick bastard, but unfortunately that's not the weirdest thing I've experienced in your company...and the fact that I'm your guest has a little incentive for me to not call you out in front of everyone." Rhodey whispered in his ear, making the genius' smirk turn into a small laugh.
"Fuck you Rodgers of course I will." He cried, burying his head in his fiancee's chest. Steve's voice shook a little bit as he stood up, the billionaire still in his arms.
Tony's side, much more sophisticated and fancy, almost an exact replica of his room back in Malibu. Everything was top-notch, from his Jarvis-controlled smart closet, dresser, fridge, you name it, Tony had it. The only thing Steve and Tony had in common was their pictures of each other. Tony reached for his Yeti bottle of water, with Steve's shield on the front, and took a sip.
"No." Steve said firmly, knowing exactly what Tony wanted as he traced a finger over the waistline of his boxers. "Come on Stark. Up you go. Get dressed." Tony surrendered with a sigh and got out of the bed reluctantly, ordering Jarvis to find him a good outfit while Steve made them coffee. He couldn't help but smile at the way Steve sometimes struggled with pressing the right button or changing the setting.
"Easy Soldier!" Tony choked as Steve reached for another napkin. "How much jelly did you spill?" Steve shrugged,
Tony nodded, his face no longer full of a man with constant exhaustion, anxiety attacks, or fear. Instead the man who looked up at Steve was happy, his expression that of a man hopelessly in love, wanting this moment to drag out for eternity, stay right here, in this pool, with the man he loved more than anything.
"What, no more love sweetheart?" He asked, returning to his place next to a very sad looking Steve. "Truth or Dare Ste...America?" Tony murmured, hugging the super soldier tightly.
"Oohh Tony I dunno..Tony says ya have to do somethin' cheesy, um, like a dance 'suppose, with Nat. It wasn't my idea Nat don't hurt me!" he added as she gave him a death glare.
"Tony!" Steve hissed, pushing his boyfriend back down and leaning close to his lover's face. "At least behave around the kid, Jesus Christ..." Tony laughed and leaned up for another kiss, receiving an eye roll from Steve before getting it.
The cover to the pool slid back, Tony sitting down on a nearby chair to remove his remaining shirt, pants and socks, gesturing for Steve to do the same. The air was bitter and cold, yet Tony, who always complained about the temperature- was already half undressed,
"Stark! You promised me no one would see that footage 'as long as your star spangled ass shall live'!" Steve hissed, watching in agony as the Steve on screen looked up at the cameraman, in this case, Tony, and gave him a slight eyeroll.
"If your goal was to squeeze me to death, you almost succeeded." Tony squeaked, wriggling out of Steve's death grip once more. He tried to look stern, but a grin betrayed him. It was Steve's turn to smile, looking down at the man he knew he'd loved since day one.
Despite all the snow and 30 degree weather, Tony's heart was warm as he looked out over the yard at the rising sun, which cast shadows over every object, and made the snow glitter in a way that made Tony breathless.
The Avengers & Co sit around the big screen expecting the worst, there are cameras almost everywhere always watching. Or Tony just likes to take videos of his (sometimes idiotic) team.
Thor sat next to May, both of them snoring loudly. They sat next to Loki and Tony, snoring loudly. To his left was Wanda and Vision, who sat watching the news on the television. Bruce looked overwhelmed as Natasha rubbed his inner thigh, kissing down his neck. His eyes darted to Bucky and Sam, who had returned a few minutes prior and were passed out on top of each other. Steve offered the kid a small smile.
Peter, of course, was the next to end up on screen. Steve seemed content with Tony's answer, and turned to focus on the kid.
Bucky sat lazily on one of the chairs, leg draped over the armrest and a half eaten can of cookies on his stomach, groaning quietly. He came into Clint's vision and the archer froze, his arms stuck to his side, his fists clenched so tight his knuckles were white.
"I love you don't leave me!" He laughed, lightly massaging Tony's back. Tony mumbled something into Steve's chest, giving him a light pat on the back.
"I'd be lost without you...You make me feel like I belong..have a purpose in life other than being Captain America." He thought, apparently he said it out loud though, as Tony, for once, was unable to meet Steve's eyes, a red hue covering his cheeks.
"Be careful, Stark." He warned. An almost playful look replaced the menace that had occupied him seconds before. Tony leaned up and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek, before returning his impaired focus to Bucky.
"Shut up and get in the damn car." Steve exclaimed, silencing Tony with an aggressive kiss, pulling him into his chest. Once he had the genius's attention, he shoved him into the car.
Steve's eyes widened as the first video appeared on the screen, and it was him, wrapped in American Flag..and nothing else.
"Our family..." Tony murmured, nuzzling Steve's sweater. Steve smiled down at his exhausted genius, running his fingers through Tony's hair, the brunette sighing happily. Steve asked Friday to put on a good Christmas movie that Tony could fall asleep to.
"But Steeeve." He whined, giving his fiance his best pout. Steve rolled his eyes, but a smile betrayed his attempt at being annoyed.
"We need to get up...Everyone's waiting for us, clearly." He ran his finger over Tony's lip and gave him a small smirk.
"Home." He agreed, a surge of happiness rushing through him. This was what made everything worth it, all the suffering, the exhaustion, the occasional yelling and fighting. Moments like these made him sure that this was where they were meant to be.
"Hey there sweet stuff, what can I get for you?" He asked, casually rubbing Loki's leg, as Steve, watching closely, turned fifty shades of red. Loki raised an eyebrow and thought about the question. He was the only one, other than Vision, who wasn't drunk, and had only a slight buzz.
"Ms. Wanda?" Peter asked, no longer hesitant or uncomfortable with anyone, but still dreadful with names, "If you and the Vision get in a fight or he gets injured, do you soak him in rice to fix him? Tony downright squawked at the outrage on Wanda's face.
"1:34am." Peter squeaked, handing Tony off to Steve's open arms. "I'm gonna take Aunt May to our room, goodnight sirs." he said, picking up his aunt with little effort.
"What we dancin' to?" May asked, stumbling over to Natasha and offering the unstable assassin a hand. Steve jumped up, and cleared his throat.
Tony lay silently on Steve's chest, hand intertwined with Steve's. As Wanda spoke his eyes narrowed, and he sat up in protest.
"You and I are taking the big couch in the back because I'm not fucking done with you." Steve hissed, gripping his arm tightly. Tony made a poor effort to protest, but gave up quickly as Steve practically threw him down on the white leather couch. "Thank god we don't have pets." He sighed, momentarily coming out of his Dom mode.
"Dinner's right here.." Tony murmured, burying his face in Steve's chest. Steve looked at his hands and began to count his fingers carefully.
Tony looked over at him, not saying a word, afterall none were needed at this point. Tony could stare at Steve for the rest of his life and not get bored.
Steve was unaware how long they spent looking at each other, twisting their rings absentmindedly. He watched the sun set in Tony's eyes, and the first stars of dusk scatter across the sky.
"Excellent!" He exclaimed, "It's not too early for a few drinks." He walked over to the fridge where every alcoholic beverage imaginable was stored, including some special stuff from Asgard, which was reserved for Loki, Steve, and Thor, although Tony did try some once. Steve had to haul him up to his bed five minutes later as he mumbled on about whether the moon was real or not.
"Well, I think we both know the right thing to do..." Bucky sighed. He raised his non-metal arm up slowly. "It's go time!" He yelled.
"How is it you're able to do everything so perfectly?" He asked, admiring how the reds, purples, oranges and yellows of the sunset lit up Tony's face, the sun halfway sunk under the water. Tony leaned into Steve's shoulder, smiling softly.
Out of a room adjacent to the one they were in, Sam, currently in his suit and on cue, flew in, lifting the soldier off the chair and out the door which had opened apparently on his signal.
"I'd like to let all of you know he punched me the second I put him down in our room!" Bucky declared, earning a grunt of disapproval from Sam. They argued not-so-quietly over who did and said what as the slideshow continued.
"I'm afraid you're not allowed that information." Happy replied. "Steve, keep him busy." He added, knowing Tony would do nothing but peer out the window in anticipation unless something distracted him. While Steve had a lot of options once Happy rolled up the screen separating the two of them from his sights, he opted for the more gentle approach. Tony always worked extremely hard, sometimes for days on end to make sure the team was at their best in every way they could be, and Steve reckoned he should try and repay the favor.
Thor attempts to evade Loki's schemes and tries to get him to understand the meaning of the curious Midgardian holiday.
He carried Tony over to the ground room living room, where most of the Avengers lay scattered around.
"I just- I can't...Steve it's gorgeous.." He exclaimed, suddenly full of energy. They had begun to draw the attention of other people in the restaurant, not that that was uncommon, but when a billionaire is jumping around like an excited five year old, eyes still red from crying, it stood out easily.
"You're going to leave me for Iron Man!" Tony wailed. Vision, who obviously could not get drunk and was somewhat overwhelmed at being surrounded by his completely hammered team, gave him a questioning look.
'Of course this is what Tony comes up with.' Steve thinks, pulling his sweater and undershirt off in one swift tug. He takes a bit more care with the pants Tony insisted he wear specifically on this day, folding them neatly over the armrest, his socks laid on his pants.
"Even Tony and Steve are behaving, which is really quite impressive by the way, good job you two- hands off!"
The doors opened to the staircase leading up to the roof, neither Tony nor Steve had shoes on- but to Steve's surprise the concrete was...warm, beneath his feat, all snow on the roof had been melted since this morning. Tony led him across the various parts of the roof until they reached the infinity pool overlooking the nearby water, the sun starting to sink beneath the waves.
"Everyone is probably waiting for us." Tony remarked as they pressed the Main Floor button. Steve gave a small huff as the doors opened again, revealing a large living room and doorway leading to the entry room and another to the kitchen.
And while May can't take her eyes off Thor, Peter decides to spread his wisdom and helpful tips about their fellow Avengers to the team.
"You're ridiculous, unnecessarily stubborn, a complete smart ass, and way too over the top Anthony Stark." Steve hissed when Tony declared the entree he picked was "kind of iffy." Tony grinned ear to ear.
"You're so good to everyone, I just wish people would be more good to you," Steve sighed, giving up on trying to control the blush that heated his cheeks. Tony sat up a little straighter. His eyes were stern, but voice gentle as he placed a hand on Steve's shoulder.
Steve offered the jellied piece of toast to Tony, who rolled his eyes and opened his mouth expectantly. Clint scoffed from across the table.
"Come on, let's go home." Steve said, unable to stop smiling. He offered his arm to Tony, who took it gladly, somewhat speechless. Happy stood outside in his regular sketchy black coat and weird sunglasses Tony always hated but never said anything.
Tony let out a huff. "I could, but we both know you don't want that." he said with a smirk, pulling the soldier into his lips again and "accidentally," slipping his hand into Steve's shirt. The others looked at them with assorted eye rolls and shaking heads, this time, the blonde didn't protest.
"Alright Tony, okay! Chi-Tony relax!" Steve laughed, as his lover's flailing arm collided with his lips. "Mmph!" He grunted, gently pushing Tony's arm away. Tony rolled onto his back, looking up at Steve as the movie started to play. He said nothing, just stared at Steve, studying every inch of his face as the blonde tried to comprehend why a kid would feel the need to have a pet tarantula. Steve held Tony's hand, occasionally squeezing it at points of interest in the movie.
As Steve repeated Tony's words, he couldn't help but think that everything they'd gone through together, every fight, every make-up, he wouldn't trade any of it. He let the tears fall, no longer because he was scared Tony wouldn't accept him into his arms again, no longer because he was alone and afraid in this world, he had everything he could possibly want, staring back at him with more love than he ever would've imagined possible.
The room was gigantic, the colors of Iron Man and Captain America mixed together in an unusual harmonic bliss. Tony and Steve each had customized their half of the room, Steve's filled with art supplies and a desk. A small book shelf sat to the right of the desk, and in between his nightstand and the shelf was the sliding door to his walk-in closet, that usually remained unused and decorated with all sorts of fancy clothing he never wore. Steve had a small, brown dresser that held all his sweatpants and T-shirts or tanktops that were a little too tight, but no one, especially Tony, ever complained. His shield rested on top of the dresser along with some war memorabilia. Pictures of the Howling Commandos, Avengers, and Tony and Steve hung on the colorful walls. Steve had his own private bathroom as well as fridge and freezer, which Tony knew was necessary when he met the man with 4x the metabolism of a regular guy.
Tony groaned as Steve placed a pillow on the armrest next to him and gently pulled him over his lap, keeping a hand on his side so he couldn't go anywhere.
"Pietro." Bucky called as he leaned against the door with an impatient Falcon. He jumped a little at the sound of his name, before turning his focus to the Winter Soldier.
"Tony!" Steve sobbed, beating his head against the brunette's chest, "You promised no one would ever see that the entire team just-"
“Thank you, Steve, but… I don’t want to start up anything while we’re here. It would suck to have to come back here from Brooklyn just to dance… I’ll make do with what I have.” Soft footsteps echoed from the hallway. Steve glanced over to see Bucky making his way over. With a small wave, Steve looked back to Natasha.
Scratching the back of his head Tony sighed. “Fine, how about I head over to the base tomorrow? That should give me enough time to get back for the meetings.” Tony looked away from the screens then, a message had popped up on a separate holoscreen.
“Head back to base. I’ll inform security that you’ll be peeling in and you can join me in the lab. We’ll wait them out then go on the offensive once-”
Tony blinked a second before choosing to ignore the voice of Yinsen in the back of his mind. The streets were busy as always. The people were chattering away or were on their phones. Tony hadn’t really looked at the people as they were until now. He blinked at the smallest details that he took in. There was a blonde that was laughing with a man who had his arm curled around her. There was an elderly couple who seemed content to feed the already fat pigeons of New York. Tony felt a fond smile coming over his face.
Only two lines of text. Tony flipped it over. On the back was the emblem of a shield with a white star in the middle.
“I used to think that when I grew up that I would be a ballerina. Twirling around on stage and smile at the crowd when I was finished. My mom used to say that I was graceful on my feet and that I would surprise both her and papa when I would enter a room… After I was taken to the Red Room… That dream seemed so distant that I didn’t think that I would ever think it was an option ever again. Yet here I am with a man who promised me the world if I would just follow him.” Steve glanced at Natasha. It seemed that the heart to heart that she tended to just outright talk about was happening tonight.
Guns cocked fast. Steve was sure that Bucky was close to shooting with his pistol when he’d heard the Merchant speak again. “Keep off the streets, don’t make a fuss. If I hear that you are arms dealing, drug dealing, or even trying to spread your peace and tranquility around Manhattan I will gun you down faster than you can even blink.” And with that, the Merchant snapped his fingers, returned to the center of the men who had arrived with him, and walked out of the warehouse the way he must have come in.
Tony wasn’t sure why he ever thought that talking the truce over with Loki was ever a good idea. It was more of a yelling match. Mostly Loki yelling and Tony not getting too many words in until the man finally let him speak. “Loki, I know that you’re worried about Thor, but I told Roger’s going after you would mean the truce is off. Thor won’t touch you.” Tony looked Loki in the eye, “I look out for my own, you know that.”
Tony focused back in again, “Send out Vision, tell him to keep an eye on Loki along with the group. It might help calm Loki down with one of our best there with him.” Hogan nodded before leaving the room to go back upstairs. Tony waited a few seconds before glancing at Pepper. The woman was busy looking and flicking around on her tablet but he could tell that the news was shocking to her too. “Keep Obadiah up to date with what we just learned. I’ll go up in a bit to get ready for those meetings.” He dismissed Pepper quickly after that, sitting at his workstation.
“Saved your life. That is keeping the shrapnel that’s left in your chest from reaching your heart.” The CEO looked at his chest again and rubbed just at the edge, but stopped soon after. It was sensitive still.
“That was my father on and off the books. I prefer that if you are going to kidnap me as my other half I would prefer you refer to me as such.” Tony’s eyes were weary and tired. Steve stared at them for all but a minute before nodding.
School is basically kicking my butt, and I will be shocked if I get another chapter out this month with all that I have to do.
“I am not going to Afghanistan! If I have to tell you again I’ll make sure that I’ll only let you talk to JARVIS.” Tony thought about having his AI end the phone call there, but he stuck around for a moment. It was enough apparently.
....... I was writing this chapter then suddenly lost everything I was going to do in this story. I'm starting to make sure that I write down everything, but I'm sorry for how long it took me to get this chapter out. Hopefully the next one will not be as long of a wait.
creation. “After your father died, I… I thought that you wouldn’t be interested in this business. The family. You didn’t show interest when you were a kid and your father told me to do what I thought was best.” Tony could recall those days as a teen when the family didn’t seem like something that he wanted to get his hands into. He’d seen what it had done to the relationship between his father and mother, how Maria had hated the mob business. She wanted something more for Tony, she wanted him to have an education and to keep away from the grit and burning fire that was this life.
She was silent now, looking out the window but tensing as she felt the presence of another approach. Bucky coughed slightly when he drew closer and smiled. “Thought I heard someone down this way, how’s it going Tasha?” She swiveled around to look at Bucky. Her eyes, usually so distant in these moments, seemed to startle into a front and surface level knowing when she stared at the one-armed man. Steve would never understand the odd behavior that the two seemed to have around one another.
“So, why did you?” Tony demands. “Sam told me, he told me that you were recruited before we met, that he told you to tell me the truth, and you still… you still
A slow smile creeps across his face. “You a nurse, doll?” Barnes asks, appreciatively, looking him up and down.
And then, Maushmi is calling out for him, and so, he wipes his damp eyes, plasters a smile thin as a blade on his face, and makes his way over to their bedroom.
Tony snorts. “Are you sure about that? Because it’s not like I had any great role models where fatherhood is concerned,” he mutters under his breath.
Peter and Maushmi come running towards the door, and their faces brighten when they see Tony standing just in front of Wanda, which makes him swell with such love. He crouches down just as they shoot into his arms, and he clutches at them tight, swaying back and forth.
the same kind of necklace, can you?” He laughs, harsh and grating. “Yeah, and I’m the one who watches too many movies.”
Maushmi’s lower lip trembles, as she runs a hand over her face. “We didn’t know. Not at first,” she says, almost pleading, halfway close to tears. “You were such a happy child. You were so happy. Obadiah, he was… he was your father’s business partner at Stark Industries, helped him out in the earlier years, when your father… it was hard for him, you know? For both of us, getting out there. He was Jewish, and I was Tamil, and they didn’t like us, they didn’t like the idea of us making weapons, but Obadiah, with his smile and his white skin and his blonde hair, it made everything better,
Steve groans and drags his hand over his face. “I meant that you… you were mysterious and interesting and playful, and you keep me guessing, and you’re… you’re not content with anything, and you keep reaching for things, changing things, changing the
“Is that why he doesn’t spend any time with you?” James asks, voice practically a taunt. “Because he’s putting himself between you and the kids and anything that comes for you? For fuck’s sake, Tony,” he says, full of derision, “don’t you have any pride?”
The night before the procedure, Tony sneaks into the soldier barracks, where only Steve is sleeping, now that all of the other recruits have been sent away to other training camps.
The head of Grant’s cock presses against Tony’s rim, and he bites down against the pressure, the soreness, the dryness, all of it, as he stretches unforgivably around his cock.
He loves Wanda, sure, and he definitely doesn’t want to be dragging her into his mess, but she’s less likely to judge him for the choices that he’s made and the decisions that he’s taken, compared to Pepper, who would immediately demand that Tony go to his husband and communicate like an adult. Wanda understands this part of him better, he thinks, because he knows that Sam and Wanda have had their fair share of troubles, especially when Wanda’s brother passed away two years ago and Wanda had a hard time coming out of that loss, and he knows that it impacted upon her marriage.
Some gray haired, gray eyed, round bellied man was speaking at the moment, and Tony’s fingers were twitching for the inside of his coat.
Steve didn’t have a clue of where to go. Brooklyn was out of the question, and now Manhattan was too dangerous for them to stay either. Here he thought that everything was going to start looking up.
When Tony was right in front of Bucky he smiled, patting his shoulder before walking past. “Security won’t be here for another 5 minutes. Perhaps you’ll follow me or else risk being blamed for this.” Tony looked back at Bucky with an odd expression but a fond one. “I’m sure that you have a lot of questions.”
"Mr. Stark." He whispered hoarsely, offering Tony a hand as he struggled to get himself off the couch.
He stumbled over to the sitting area that was large enough to fit every Avenger on their own "L" couch or chair and then twenty guests, complete with the Christmas tree and gigantic TV Screen also.
He found himself distracted by the sight of his work, now home, covered in such beauty. He wondered what he had deserved to find such a perfect family, but brushed off the thought quickly as Steve tapped his shoulder lightly, holding his coffee with a sleepy smile. Steve, the Avenger who always seemed to go overboard on things, chose the world's tightest Christmas sweater, red and green holiday patterns lacing the thin fabric with intricate patterns that rose in small waves where Steve's muscles rippled underneath.
"Stop you punk!" Steve exclaimed, grabbing his arm and inspecting it carefully. "Tony oh my god it's so big loook." He grabbed Stark's and made him feel his biceps.
"Mr. Stark, aren't you Iron Man?" He pondered, wondering how Tony could forget such a thing. Tony looked at him in awe as if he was being told forbidden knowledge.
"He's pretty good at that." Rhodey whispered to Tony, who nodded, eyes fixed on his beautiful blonde speaking.
"At least until the presentation is over!" Vision added. Sam rolled his eyes but kept his hands off Bucky as the next clip made its appearance.
"Dinner is at 7, Peter." Bruce said, walking up to him. "I'm sorry you have to witness that. They've been much worse, but how about we go down to my lab and try some new stuff I've been working on out?" Peter nodded enthusiastically and followed him down to his lab.
Jarvis opened the curtains to the large window that sat perched between Tony's bathroom door and fridge. The sun illuminated the room in a soft, morning glow, the frost sparkling on the trees surrounding the compound. A fresh layer of snow covered the trees and the ground, Jarvis predicting a high of 24 degrees as Tony hummed to himself. He chose a red-(of course) sweater with black dress pants.
Tony had had to admit, Steve wasn't good at singing, but he definitely could be worse. The Captain, who was facing away from the camera at the moment, hit the last line with a patriotic roar and turned around, spreading his arms out in a "T," , the flag stretched out behind him as if it was a backdrop or cape, bearing America's goods and all as he finished "Brave!" with an intoxicating huff of pride.
"MR. STARK!" He hollered, his voice an octave higher than usual. Iron Man appeared 10 seconds later, arms up and ready to fire. He did a quick 360- looking for any danger. Eventually, he noticed the spider and the faceplate opened, revealing a very disappointed and confused Tony. He looked up at the ceiling, ordering Peter to come down. He murmured something and the suit flew off and into some silver bracelets.
, as far as I’m concerned. So, yeah, of course we know that it’s not just you. We want to spend the rest of our lives with him too, Toni.”
Obadiah stumbles back, but Tony advances, having the advantage now, swinging again. Obadiah holds up his arm to protect himself, but the shovel just breaks his arm.
When Tony gets close enough, Rumlow slings his arm around Tony’s shoulders, pulling him close, so tightly that Tony’s muscles protest against the firm, rough hold, his bones grinding together under his skin.
Natasha comes to him and asks if he’ll go and put all the infinity stones back where they’re supposed to be, like they had always planned when they embarked on this ruse.
Steve kisses him first on the crown of his head, and then, James presses a smacking one to his cheek.
Jamie stares out into the distance, his gaze absent. “Tony, I’ve been alone for so long,” he says, sounding infinitely tired. “I’ve been doing all of this on my own. I don’t… I guess I just missed you, and I’m glad… I’m glad you’re willing to help me.”
“You have no idea,” Steve whispers. “You have no idea what it’s like to spend your life unwanted, the guy that others wouldn’t scrape off the end of your shoe. You have no idea what it’s like to go on a fucking double date and have your date’s face fall in disappointment when she finally sees you. You have no idea what it’s like to be the guy at the bar that
“I shouldn’t have underestimated you,” Steve says, ruefully. “You always know how to take care of me.”
. I’ve been such a slut. I’ve been spreading it all over the place; I need to be shown who I belong to.”
“Please,” Tony says, softly, allowing vulnerability to show in his voice. “We just want to talk to her. We just… we want some closure, okay? This happened to us too.”
Tony wants to rage at that, rage at the idea that Steve doesn’t know who he is just because he wasn’t at home one day when Steve expected him to be, which is total bullshit because he’s still the same person, he still has the same fucking integrity,
Loki chuckles, and Tony has the sudden urge to repeatedly bury his fist in his face – but he also knows that would resoundingly upset Thor and make him mope around the tower and not even pop tarts would be able to pull him out of his funk.
It helps that there are no more lies, no more secrets or skeletons hiding in the closet, no more terrible confessions for them to put out into the world, but it’s important all the same, important for them to make that promise to each other, to promise that there is nothing too awful, too troublesome to keep from each other.
“Oh, please, look at you,” Steve says, derisively. “You’re really telling me that someone who looks like you would want to be with someone like me, the way that I am now? You really expect me to believe that.”
That was one of the two nails in their coffin, they both quickly realise, the lies, the misunderstandings.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice sounds absolute, and he can hear it even above the running rotors, feels it deep in his bones, “Tony, fall, and I’ll catch you.”
“Tony,” she says, softly, “you are safe now. Steve won’t let anything happen to you, and well, I am quite proficient with a knife myself. You have nothing to fear.”
me? That was almost a decade ago, you jackass. And you still didn’t tell me. You didn’t tell me when we got married, you didn’t tell me when we had the kids. When
Tony’s smile sharpens. “So, she came there on purpose, with her date, wearing the necklace that you bought her. She wanted to see us; she wanted
“Do you not want me to film you?” Steve asks, worriedly. “I won’t if you don’t want me to, and I’ll delete it as soon as we’re done.”
“Tony,” Steve sighs. “Look, I accept your apology. I shouldn’t have gotten so pissed off with you. I just… will you go back to bed, please? I really need to be alone right now.”
Judging by the way that Steve looks away, his jaw clenched, once he takes the glass from James, Tony has his answer.
“Steve,” Tony insists, and there are tears stinging at the backs of his eyes; he feels like he swallowed a whole razor blade.
That sends a pang straight down to his heart muscle. He smooths back her hair and kisses her gently on the forehead, the lies tasting bitter in his mouth, especially when he’s looking at his sweet little girl.
The relief is palpable and thick in Tony’s throat, and he doesn’t hesitate to cross the space that exists between the two of them, throw himself into Steve’s arms, as if they’re just young lovers, two people that love each other, even if Tony knows in his bones that it’s a lie.
“You don’t have to be fine, if you don’t want to be,” Tony murmurs. “You don’t have to be anything you don’t want to be. I just… I love you, I hope you know how much I love you.”
“My apologies, Tony,” he drawls. “I did not expect to see you here at this time; otherwise, I would have… relocated for my liaisons.”
“I know this must be strange for you,” she tells him, panic clawing at her throat. “You know, for so long, it was just you and me, you and me against the world, and then, there was Steve and Bucky–”
Phillips stares at all three of them, before reaching for the crate in the truck that they’re leaning against.
Pepper scents the water with fragrant oils, and he smells rosewater and sandalwood in the billowing smoke that rises to the ceiling. He sinks in wholly, submerging every inch of his body, before floating upwards with a gasp, his hair dripping. Pepper takes a seat beside him and washes his hair, combing through the dark strands, all in silence, and then, she scrubs his back, his feet.
“They would never have found it.” Tony rolls his eyes. “Our kids are smart, Steve; hell, they might even be geniuses, but they’re not
“You don’t have many things to do with your time, Tony. You don’t have to run Stark Industries. God knows that your mother doesn’t expect you to help her at
Phillips steps forward. “I took a chance on you, Agent Carter. Now that boy, and a lot of other men, are dead, because you had a crush.”
The two of them rush back into the house, and Tony exhales, the feeling of fullness ebb and turning cold in his chest. He turns his attention back to James.
“I mean, do you have any idea what it was like for me here?” Tony demands. “You were never here. You were… you were always gone, and it was just me, just me and the kids, and they’re not dumb, Steve. They can tell that you’re not around as much as you should be, and they… they didn’t even tell me how they were feeling. They completely internalised it, and do you have any fucking idea how I felt when I went to that stupid parent-teacher interview and showed me those pictures and I realised just how fucking much we’d failed as
“And I feel the same way, which you probably guessed by my… uh, irrational desire to scalp Natasha Romanoff,” Tony says, rubbing his hand over the back of his neck.
Tony offers her a smile, hoping that it comes out non-offensive. “You were talking about the kids in the context of James, Steve and I being in a relationship,” he offers.
Steve tightens his hands around him. “You sound like you’re going to say goodbye,” he says, worriedly.
“Shit,” Steve hisses, staring at the burn and the sharp, jagged cuts on his forearm, which is bleeding freely, bleeding a lot more than Tony had assumed it would.
Between the three of them, they decide on the ocean that Tony’s mansion had overlooked in Malibu – it was the beginning of Tony in so many ways; it seems fitting that the ending for him would be there too.
The grief burns in his chest, and he clenches his eyes shut, because he thinks he knows why Steve didn’t bite him.
Toni closes her eyes, getting ready to retort with something exasperated and disbelieving, but then, she imagines it, and her eyes pop open.
“But… but how can we be sure that this is actually Bucky Barnes?” Sam asks, pointedly. “For all we know, this could just be like a trick of HYDRA’s or something.”
“Did you miss me, Tony?” he murmurs, mouthing at Tony’s neck (not for the first time, he realises that Grant shies away from the bite on Tony’s throat that Steve had left on his body, their bonding mark; any true alpha would never dream of touching another alpha’s bonding bite – it would be a worse sin than coveting your brother’s omega). “I missed you. I thought about you every night. I can’t even fuck the whores at the brothel anymore, because all I want is you, wrapped around me like a vice.”
The airplane rolls up into the space near the fuel trucks. The mechanic puts blue blocks in front of the tires as the engines continue to roar. Tony and Steve run in a crouch to a hiding spot closer to the plane, near the supply tent. Suddenly, they hear footsteps, and when they turn around, a second German mechanic appears behind them.
“I promise, Honeybear.” With that, they shot off their goodbyes and Tony was left in silence. The movie was still paused.
Cursing again Tony tried to coax the other man awake. Slapping his face just light enough that it wouldn’t cause more damage. To think that Tony would have loved for that to be the case just a few months ago. Before Stane. Before Hammer. Before his company decided to try and freeze him out.
“The city is held close, not many people get in or out without someone knowing. Few gangs around here, all of them answer to a mob. Run by a guy called, ‘Merchant of Death’. He runs his operation out of Stark Industries after making a deal with their CEO. Regardless to say he’s got the firepower to keep everyone compliant on the streets.” Everyone was listening in by this point, some of the members tensing up at the news. “He runs a tight ship. Learned from a ‘friend’ that the Merchant doesn’t let other large groups in all that often, and most likely heard about our arrival days before we got here. He’ll probably have men tailing us for a while until we show that we aren’t here to be a threat.”
Bucky’s brain was far too slow to catch up with what Tony was talking about before it was too late. “No, wait!” The trigger seemed to move in slow motion but Bucky couldn’t do anything anyway. So, he watched as the bullet penetrated the man’s temple and his body slump to the ground. Barnes felt so shaken and nearly toppled to the floor onto his knees. Tony moved around quickly, though not in a rush. The footsteps outside seemed to have disappeared for the most part. Bucky watched Tony wipe the gun, then put it away back into his jacket. As for the man’s body, Tony stepped over it and yawned. F&#*&%@ yawned! Bucky couldn’t stop trembling.
There was an awkward silence. Steve knew why he was asking. Tony Stark had been put on trial for being the Merchant before, there was evidence that placed him with a solid alibi for everything that was thrown at him. The entirety of Manhattan. New York believed that Tony Stark was in no way related to the Merchant of Death. But here they were, proven wrong and having the rug pulled completely from underneath them.
There were soft curses from Loki’s side suddenly, and he could hear the rush of air as the man seemed to take off. “Loki?”
“Not now, Sam. I… I need to go handle something.” Steve pushed off the wall and headed back towards his office. It wasn’t really an office, it doubled as his bedroom, but regardless it was where the photo was. Bucky, Buck’s dad, his mom and dad, and him… Steve. He pulled out the photo when he got there. Staring at all the faces that reflected off the image and felt a part of him break. It was him and Bucky left. Now Steve was risking their lives by staying in Manhattan. “What do I do ma?” He asked the photo, gripping it just a little harder.
Peter was shaking as the entire ordeal was going down, but it wasn’t so obvious unless you were looking for it. “You don’t have to worry Peter, I won’t let anything happen to you.” Steve smiled and offered a hand to the kid. Peter took it, tentatively and rose so that he could see everyone in the room once more. “Romanov will see to it that you are looked after. I have other business to take care of.” With that Steve let Natasha step and guide Peter away from the scene.
Tony pulled over more of his holograms before he heard Hogan’s steps outside the lab as well. “Is this disturb Tony by coming to his lab day? I feel like this is what today is turning into.” Tony turned sharply to the security man who didn’t so much as wince as Tony’s stare found him.
Steve felt powerful with the air that they seemed to generate. It was as if they were one body, all sharing one heart that pounded as a unit. Before long they stood outside of a warehouse on the outskirts of Manhattan. “Barton check the perimeter while we move inside.” Clint nodded to his boss and disappeared into the shadows. Steve and the others went off into the building, setting down bags and equipment where they would need to be.
Tony’s eyes slide over to Steve, who uses his whole body to upend the Giant Nazi, who lands hard on his back, both of them surrounded by flames. Tony throws down the empty submachine gun and moves through the flames to the center of the bar where he had left the box with the five grand. He finds the remains of the box and its contents: a shapeless pile of ash and charred wood.
Tony feels his skin heat up under Steve’s praise, and he clears his throat in an attempt to seem indifferent. “You’re heading to second base. That’s not how making out on the couch like teenagers works,” he chides, gently.
Tony steps back and grabs a container of cleaning solution still on the shelf. He pops open the lid and pours it all over Obadiah, and the fire spreads across his body – he’s already dead by this stage, after the bloodletting, but it fills Tony with this incomparable satisfaction to see Obadiah burn.
Instead of speaking to him this time, Steve wordlessly pulls back the covers and slips inside, in just his boxers. He turns on his side and slings an arm around Tony’s waist, drawing him in, dislodging Tony from his book just for a moment, as the paperback topples from Tony’s hand onto the mattress, making him lose his page.
“No, thank you, my friend.” Rumlow lifts his head, and a smile flits across his face when he sees Tony approaching. “I think we are all very comfortable up here.”
“Maybe he was just worried about you, because you weren’t home which is where he was expecting you to be. Maybe he thought something bad had happened to you,” Wanda offers.
Tony flushes and looks away. “Give me a break. It’s not exactly an easy conversation you have with your husband.”
“You just left me there. If we… if all you wanted was a roll in the hay, someone to help you through your heat, you could have
Tony snorts. “Not really. His solution is to lock me up in an ivory tower until he finds an acceptable alpha to bond me too.”
“Oh, please,” Tony scoffs, “It’s because you’ve been getting it from someone else, on the side, while I have been
“You remember how I told you guys those stories of my best pal when I was growing up, back in Brooklyn?”
Steve sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose, putting the book aside on the bedside table. “Tony, honey, do we really have to do this now?”
Tony watches Steve drive off down towards the gate, the gate opening at his presence unaided, and Tony raises a hesitant hand in goodbye, wondering if this is the last time he’ll see Steve, whether he might just stay with his mistress this time, never bothering to return to his old and boring husband, his kids that have outlived their novelty.
Instead, she looks normal, with her hair pulled back in a braid. She wears a khaki-coloured jacket and jeans and a simple cotton t-shirt.
you to kiss me, but only if you want to. That night, I forced you. I thought about what I wanted, what I needed, and I had no thought for you. I wanted to prove something, not only to you but to myself as well. I was foolish, because I thought I could not show any weakness, because I had to be strong. I was wrong. I can be weak. I am allowed to be weak. I am allowed to heal.”
In the horrible split of a moment, he sees everything, everything that is and was and will be and could be and should be and might have been, and he can taste the blood in his mouth as he exists in all of those instants.
Steve startles like a deer caught in headlights. He turns to Tony with a fake smile. “Another conference, short notice, you know how it is,” he blusters.
“And he told me to bring the kids with me, and that he’d raise them as his own. So, yeah, that’s why I know that the kids aren’t going to be a deal breaker for him.”
Tony clenches the edge of the window hard, feeling the rim press deep into the palms of his hands to the point of pain.
Steve chuckles, a low, warm sound like chocolate melting on the stove, just the way that Jarvis used to make for Tony when he was a child, and it makes Tony shudder right down to his fingers and toes.
To his credit, Steve gapes at him in disbelief, and Tony wonders whether the alpha had even heard him.
Steve stomachs the accusations, the shame that lands at his doorstep with a stoic face, never letting an inch of emotion slip.
“I’m sorry,” Sam tells him, honestly, with no guile in his face at all. “I really am. And I am your friend, which means I should have told you, and I’m sorry I didn’t.”
Figuring any arguing would just make him more persistent, Steve let Tony have his torturous handle on him for the remainder of breakfast, though there were many times where Steve almost choked on his orange juice or sausage when Tony got particularly handsy, the brunette sporting a smug smirk and making small talk with the team.
"But you still love me." He pointed out, his trademark eyebrow raised. Steve's angry gaze faltered for a moment before surrendering to a soft pink blushed smile. The blonde rubbed the back of his neck, bashfully.
"So, Wanda." Peter asked, his voice rich with dangerous curiosity. Wanda, face full of pancakes, looked up at him.
"Tony, what am I going to do with you." He sighed, shaking his head, and causing a tuft of blonde hair to bounce down over his forehead.
He looked up at his fiance, shaking his head. Steve gave him an apologetic look, standing behind him and giving him a quick kiss.
"Mr. Captain sir? Mr. Steve-er Steve?" Peter asked hesitantly as he approached Tony and Steve, who were sitting on one of the couches in the first floor living room.
"Aye, aye Captain!" Tony said enthusiastically, grabbing at the collar of Steve's sweater. Steve pushed the smaller man off, shaking his head slightly
"Could be worse Rhodes." He replied with a smile. Steve was conflicted between being incredibly turned on and incredibly uncomfortable as Tony traced his fingers over his super soldier abs. "Hand me a piece of toast, Steve?" he asked, with innocent eyes layered with bad intentions.
"They're copying me." Tony hissed, as they passed the two. Steve shook his head, knowing only Tony Stark of all people would come to that conclusion.
"Well that was definitely a bold way to start off." Natasha said, somehow concealing laughter while Tony gave up beside Steve, laughing so hard he gripped his side in pain.
Natasha looked at Bruce, who was mildly buzzed already, and around the room at everyone else who seemed pretty excited, surprisingly.
The Avengers' table was just barely big enough to fill their bellies, Thor had lost some weight when he had to go from eating tables by himself to a much smaller portion.
"Mr. Rodgers?" Steve opened his eyes, looking through the window on the opposite side of the car at the doors of the restaurant.
"Mr. Stark? Mr. Stark. Mr. Tony Sir?" Tony awoke to the sound of a high pitched teenage voice. He sat upright with almost Pietro-level speed, pulling the covers up, up, and over Steve's head, causing the blond to thrash about like a mad man until his wide blue eyes popped out from the covers.
"Alright hotstuff," she hummed. "Give me something fun to do." Steve furrowed his brows in concentration, his body shaking from trying to think. Tony's eyes grew wide and he leaned over and whispered something in Steve's ear.
"It's cold, Tony." Steve warned, pointing out that Tony had shed most of his layers during the movie. He got an eyeroll in response. "Don't say I didn't warn you." Steve shrugged, holding his hands up in defeat.
"Dude back off I found these in the fridge labeled Avengers chill out." Bucky exclaimed, slamming the lid on the can, the metal bending under his metal grip.
"What the?!"  a small voice and Steve exclaimed at the same time. Steve looked up to see Peter standing on the ceiling scrolling through what he guessed was Instagram, on his phone. His exclamation turned to a stuttered apology as he flipped down. Tony started wheezing as he saw Cap's look of confusion and wonder. May stifled a smile as she looked over from her place next to Thor, the only one who managed to go more overboard than Steve.
He suddenly lunged forward, pieces of popcorn scattering in every direction. Tony raised an eyebrow as Steve rubbed his face with his free hand, mouth ajar. He looked down at Tony with the most adorable concerned look Tony had ever seen.
"You." Was all the genius offered, taking his weight off Steve and resting his jaw in his hand. Steve's heart did a backflip in his chest, just this once, not trying to stop the blush that took over his cheeks.
"Y'know if ya wanna go just lemme know, ya seem pretty into it there." Tony shrugged, falling onto Loki's lap as the empty bottle rolled out of his hand. Loki looked down at him through eyes of pure ice.
"Happy. What a surprise!" Tony exclaimed, walking out to see his former body guard waiting with a car. Happy smiled, giving Steve an almost unnoticeable nod.  He opened the door for him and closed it behind Steve, whose face gave away nothing. "Where to?" Tony tried, keeping his tone casual.
"Gonna kill you for recording this Stark." he said. The camera tilted downward slightly as Tony laughed.
"I was," He admitted, scratching the back of his head, "But watching your reactions to the movie was enough to revive my energy." Steve rolled his eyes, his lips pursed in the way Tony loved.
Tony would always have a dramatic touch, though, as he turned to Steve with a fake rage in his eyes.
He brought his hands together and took another step towards Bucky, an eyebrow raised in silent question.
"Steve..." He choked, as he read the large "Per Se," sign in front of the fancy doors. "This place is so expensive..."
"Come here, Pete." Tony laughed, giving the surprised teen a quick hug. He seemed to register the congratulations as he was hugging the confused teen, and the confusion spread to his face.
"No, not your money Tony. I don't need a castle, jesus. I meant, that you..You allow people to understand you as much as they want to, and do the same for them.." He scratched his head, trying to put his thoughts into words, while a large black snake battled Thor over the last tub of ice cream on the screen. "Brother, we can order another, I had it first." He wheezed, as Loki wrapped himself around the arm that held the ice cream. He hissed in reply, lashing out at Thor, who tried to call Stormbreaker, but failed as Loki bit into his hand.
Bucky, who was busy playing with Sam's face and whispering abnormally explicit things to his boyfriend, looked up in annoyance.
"Ummmm...Miss Ma'am- May, fuck..." he stuttered. She hastily broke her gaze away from Thor's eyes too look at him.
"D'you love America more than me?" He asked, and looked down at the floor sadly. Beside him, Bucky let out an obnoxious laugh.
"Because I've been thinking about this since the day I met your stubborn ass. Anthony Edward Stark," he began, trying to keep his voice from trembling as Tony, who was mid sip of Scotch-(that he somehow managed to get a hold of despite Steve's efforts) nearly choked. "Will you marry me?"
"I'm glad you feel that way Tony." Steve said, reaching his hand in his pocket. It'd only taken two years to save for the most over the top but simple, elegant thing he knew Tony would be proud to wear. He slid off the chair and down on one knee, opening the box to reveal a stunning assortment of gold, white, and red.
Steve just grinned, as Tony fell onto him, whispering something into his ear. Steve started laughing again, but managed to get the name of the game out before he collapsed onto Tony.
The sound of glasses clinking in celebration, along with Steve happily pointing out Tony's deep blush, a rare occasion, filled the dining hall for a long while until Jarvis announced food was about to be brought out.
"Wonder what time it is." he said, picking up his Starkphone Tony had given them after New York. He refused to let Tony make any upgrades, saying it was just fine the way it was, thank you very much. Tony had to bite back a remark about Steve getting his entire figure upgraded, and was extremely proud of himself for staying silent that day.
"Romanov, Barton. Calm down. Susanna can make more muffins, or you can do it yourselves, or go buy some. Now let's sit and eat like a civilized family of superheros." Steve sighed, gently breaking the two apart. "You look good Nat." He said, giving her a kiss on the cheek and pulling Tony's chair out for him as he and Rhodey made their way to the table. After what Tony felt was centuries, everyone including their three guests were in their chairs, and Tony called for the food to be brought out.
"Sorry, Stark...anything on it?" he reached for the dwindling pile of toast that Bucky was guarding and snatched a piece. Tony thought for a moment, slowly removing his hand from underneath the table before asking for some grape jelly.
The present Clint shot a harsh glare in the soldier's direction, who was too busy with Sam to notice.
"You're so childish Tony." Steve huffed, stacking bacon and syrup on his pancakes like it was his job. Tony reached a hand down under the table and rubbed the super soldier's inner thigh, keeping a straight face the entire time. Unfortunately, Steve wasn't as practiced at keeping an emotionless expression when Tony decided he wanted to do something in public that would be frowned upon, although Tony wasn't exactly known for public decency.
"Come on, Tony." he whispered, giving him a light shove. "Time to get up." The brunette let out a dramatic groan, pushing himself up and off of Steve. He cracked his neck, giving Steve an eyeroll for disturbing his sleep. Happy opened the door, and Steve was close to dragging to stubborn genius out of the vehicle .
Steve shrugged and pulled back the covers, a sign that Tony had no choice but to get up. "Can we just-" Tony started
"Evidently, he's not done with you." Loki observed, raising a dark eyebrow curiously. Steve let out an exasperated sigh as Bucky disappeared from his chair, Sam in hot pursuit.
"You're going to, yes, once a year- and no New Years doesn't count because if you aren't drunk off your ass you clearly didn't party hard enough- you're going to have a drink with me Steve because I think we've earned a break." He declared, reaching up and brushing the hair aside.
After what Steve concluded was the world's cutest half-hug, Peter's eyes grew wide and he ran into the kitchen. He broke away from his boyfriend and gave Sam a small nudge.
"We'd also like to congratulate our two team leaders, best friends, and closest family- or so we'd like to think, on finally pulling their heads out of their asses and getting engaged. We all wish you the best." They said in unision.
Together, they silently agreed thought unspoken words and tightly wrapped hands that this place, these people, each other, this life- was the real end-game. This is what was meant to be.
Steve looked at the screenin sheer horror. He whipped around to look at Tony, whose lips were pressed into a thin line of "I'm trying not to laugh Steve, don't make it harder than it already is."
"Friday what's the time?" he asked, walking into the kitchen. Steve sat at one of the main peninsulas, eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. He smiled, face full of food, and a little jelly, as he walked in.
"I know, I know okay you're gonna dance to my song." He said proudly. Nat reluctantly got up and narrowly allowed Peter's aunt to wrap her arms around her waist, as she was taller, not by much, than Nat. She gave Tony another glare as she wrapped her arms around May's neck.
Tony's face scrunched up in thought for a moment, before a bright smile and typical eyeroll took its place.
Tony, having watched the movie countless times before, kept his eyes on Steve, watching his reactions with amusement. Somehow, Tony hadn't figured out how, Steve had acquired a large bowl of popcorn, resting it on Tony, who was sprawled across his lap.
"Shit, sorry Tony." Steve exclaimed, reaching for his napkin and attempting to wipe it off Tony's pants. "Don't get any smart ideas Stark." He added as Tony gave a laugh of surprise. He frowned, taking a sip of his apple juice and reaching for some bacon.
"I'm so sorry Mr. Loki sir!" He squeaked, running over to Tony. Tony gave a small grunt of surprise, but felt a warm rush of affection for the boy who everyone knew was pretty much his unofficial son.
"Let's go." He said. "You too, Jerk."  Thor and Loki followed them into the large dining room table, where Steve and Tony always sat at the head of the table. Over the period where their relationship turned from arguing coworkers to a shockingly beautiful relationship, and Tony and Steve had the table's width increased to fit both of them at one end, but decided to let Thor and Bruce have their spots at the head of the table.
"Give it to me straight, babe," Tony said dramatically, "What'll you have me do?" Her lips twisted in to a devilish smile as she looked over at Loki, who had spent most of his time reading a book with an occasional look of judgement when someone did something particularly outrageous.
"Sweetheart, what's wrong?" he asked, walking over to the brunette, still moaning incoherent strings about...something to do with overcooked garlic bread? Steve wasn't sure. "Tony?" He tried again. The brunette looked up at him through narrowed eyes, his mouth slightly ajar.
"Fineee Tony get off my ass! Umm..I guess..hell I dunno, Tony help!" Again, Tony leaned over and whispered something in his ear, but not before giving Natasha a slight smirk.
Thor decided to wear the Red, Green, and Gold version of his usual armor, which he insisted was perfectly comfortable and didn't need any Midgard clothes. Loki, on the other hand, looked almost human, if it wasn't for his abnormally bright eyes and the fact he was currently a large crow, holding a knife that was covered in peanut butter. Thor said Loki's outfit was quite handsome but was protesting because they refused to serve breakfast until Tony and Steve arrived. He let out a loud "Caw!" when he saw them walk in.
"Fellow teammates, guests." Vision started, holding the remote to the big screen. "I've put together a little memoir of our last year together, taken from the cameras around the compound or just in our technological devices. Our best moments together, as well as what Wanda clarified as embarrassing. Without further ado, I present the Avengers'- and guests, some of you were included- Funniest, and Favorite, Home Videos."
"Steve, we live a very public life, fortunate to not have to worry about food on the table, with the gift of being able to buy new things whenever we please. I know your upbringing was very different and you're still, obviously, not fully used to all the spotlight you get nowadays with the media and all their shit, but that's all it is, Steve. Shit. So many people sitting at home or trying to get a couple hundred likes on Instagram by dragging people like us down in whatever way they can. It sucks sometimes, it does, but it's important to remember to not let them get to us. As Peter would say, 'Flex on them haters.'"
He handed a bottle that could have very well belonged to some sort of witch in the 1800's to Steve, no doubt one of the special celebration Drinks Thor brought with on his recent visit to Earth. Tony somehow managed to produce a 6 pack of 6 different kinds of beer.
"If everyone would meet back in the ground level living room at 5:00 tonight, it would be much obliged." Vision said, pulling Wanda's chair out for her. Tony returned to find a mostly empty table. He looked around absentmindedly before turning his dark eyes back to Steve.
"If you get mad at Vision could you just restart him?" Wanda started choking on her food and Vision, not understanding why she was laughing. He patted her back irrelevantly while Steve scolded Tony for laughing obnoxiously.
"Even when you're pissy and tired you're still gorgeous." Steve sighed, wrapping the brunette in his arms tightly. He made muffled attempts at swearing but gave up once Steve bent down and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "Come with me." He said, letting go of Tony, who watched curiously as he got out of their bed and held out a hand.
"We're great, thank you." Steve replied quickly before Tony could ask for any kind of Scotch or fancy liquor. He wanted him sober for the events that were to follow.
He grabbed Tony's impatient hand, bringing it to rest on the table, intertwining their fingers so Tony couldn't tempt him anymore. Tony did his best to keep his mind on thoughts strictly relating to food, well being and whatever else the others were talking about- GOD it wasn't fair that Steve was dressed so fucking gorgeous. He wanted to rip his clothes off right then and there.
Steve was wheezing at something Tony had said, but reached up and grabbed Peter's arm, narrowing his eyes in a drunk concern.
"Avengerrrss..and Miss Parker, ma'am." He gave May a salute before continuing, "were gonna do an internet. A combo thing. Plus drinks." He finished, gazing around excitedly, as if they were supposed to know what he meant.
"Did Rhodey leave?" Tony asked, his voice rough and tired. Steve set him down on the big L couch, nodding.
He walked into the kitchen, opening the fridge looking for what Tony could only guess was some sort of cookie, since that was 90% of his diet, and he let out a cry of anguish and fell to his knees punching the air angrily. He got up and began to stomp around the kitchen, kicking over chairs and pouting as if he was no older than 6. The camera cut to him walking into the living room, still visibly radiating fury.
Well, that's it! I was going a certain route with this but eventually just needed to heal my post Endgame broken heart. I've got some more ideas for things in the future, thank you for all the reads, kudos, and comments <3
"Captain Rodgers informed me before you entered the restaurant." He replied, a rare genuine smile at the sight of his boss finally getting the happiness he deserved. Happy had watched Tony grow from an immature 21-year old to an international hero with genuine morals and one man instead of all the people in the world.
"I'm going to ask you one more time." She hissed. "Did you eat the last blueberry muffin that was on my plate?" Clint snapped his focus back to her angry expression.
"Yeah...I do. Ready to order?" he asked, watching Tony put down the menu. He nodded, his stomach letting out a loud rumble. The waiter returned and wrote down their orders, asking if they needed anything.
"We are never watching another movie, I swear to god Steve." He glared at the super soldier, trying his best to look angry. Steve pulled him up with little effort, wrapping his arms around his lover.
"Tony, if you ever say that again I'm going to retract my proposal." he groaned. Tony let out a small laugh before grabbing his fiancee's biceps eagerly, pressing another kiss to Steve's lips before he could start talking again.
"You don't get any of the special stuff. We aren't going through that again." He said, as Tony rummaged through the fridge, nodding absently.
"Look numbnuts, it's us." he laughed. Bucky was indeed on screen, looking down at a sleeping Sam. He fidgeted a bit before leaning down and picking up his boyfriend with little effort, shaking his head. Sam opened an eye, let out a sigh and leaned into his chest. Bucky carried him into their shared room and the door closed.
Tony's heart swelled with love as a video of Steve appeared. He looked around the room-which happened to be Tony's workshop- and his gaze caught the brunette as he bitched at Dummy for doing absolutely nothing. He gave the robot a light shove, which chirped a couple times and wheeled away. He returned to hammering something into some sort of piece he was working on. Steve walked up behind the genius as he set the hammer, hugging him from behind. The camera switched to a frontfacing lens, to sow Steve kiss the smaller man gently before asking him to some sort of date, but present Tony didn't let him finish as he pressed his lips into the super soldier.
'Why do women need so much stuff?' He wondered, as she slung one of her two large purses over her shoulder to get a better grip. Inviting the Parkers, and Ned on occasion- to the compound during the holidays seemed unquestionable after everything they'd been through.
"Steve, I'm full..too much food.." Tony groaned, pushing his fancy plate of ice cream forward with a loud skidding noise. Steve laughed quietly, earning a harsh put-down from Tony about his high metabolism. He gave Steve an expectant look, noticing he was done eating as well. "We leaving or are we staying the night?? We're supposed to be back at 5:00 I thought I heard Vision say." Steve nodded absentmindedly, heart racing faster than it did waiting to see if Tony would wake up after falling out of the wormhole, the first realization he'd had that he truly loved the genius.
"If we're being honest," he offered in a low voice, "the nightmares I had..the PTSD I have, all the other shit you put up with? Even on the darkest day you don't shy away from me Steve. You don't give up on me even when it seems like I'm not going to make it another day, and I just..I've never wanted to be with anyone forever as much as I love and want you." His voice started to shake at the end of his admission, Steve knew talking about a lot of his past was difficult for him, no matter how many times he'd make a joke or cover it up. He seemed almost scared, in a way, despite the fact they'd been dating for years.
"Come here," He said, softly. Tony raised an eyebrow, his mind clearly going in one direction. "Just relax Tony." Steve sighed. He adjusted himself so Tony could lay comfortably on his stomach, head resting on Steve's chest. Steve gently massaged his back, tracing intricate patterns on his worn muscles through the red sweater. He used the other hand to lightly ruffle Tony's hair, something he knew the brunette would never admit to liking, but his sigh of contempt gave away his happiness. He wrapped an arm around Steve in a silent thanks, Steve knew not what it was for, he deserved to be treated like this everyday, Steve thought. He continued to lightly rub Tony's back until he fell asleep.
Bucky sat on a white chair, Sam on the armrest, adjusting a piece of his metal arm carefully. It was somewhat rare to see the two show each other any form of affection, they spent most of their days arguing about dumb things or scaring one another. Occasionally one would walk in a room to find a bare-assed Bucky manhandling Sam over a table or armrest, sometimes the white grand piano that sat in the center of the entry hall. The two wore matching dress shirts, a dark forest green paired with the very common black pants.
Steve allowed himself to drift off, arms wrapped protectively around Tony. It seemed like no time at all had passed, when suddenly he felt Happy tapping gently on his door.
"Kid..it's so early..What is it?" Tony growled, leaning over to give Steve a quick apology kiss on his cheek. Peter looked at him, confused.
"That's unfair..Share the love big guy." Clint cried from across the room. Pietro looked like he was about to cry, but Clint pulled the younger man closer to him and gave him a reassuring kiss.
"Gonna do a truth n dare shit. kid told me it was what the cool people do...But like..if you don't wanna do the shit you gotta drink a half a beer...or take somethin off." Tony added, momentarily being somewhat helpful. He tugged at the shirt Steve was wearing longingly.
Satisfied, he stood up, the skidding of a chair on a floor silencing the table. All eyes turned to Cap, and a small pink blush swept his cheeks, which Tony had to try very hard not to point out as he began to speak. Tony rubbed his stomach, it had been extremely difficult to go the entire day with minimal food..His stomach gave a loud rumble to accent his point.
"Really got America's icon feeding you a piece of toast because you're too lazy to do it yourself?" Tony flashed him a billionaire smile, nodding with an unusual amount of pride. Steve's face flushed a bright pink as he fed his spoiled rotten brunette the toast. He accidentally shoved too much of it in his mouth, because he pushed Steve's hand away, coughing. The majority of the jelly fell onto his lap, and the coughing turned to laughter as he watched Steve's face go from pink to red.
Clint watched in horror and disbelief as his precious can flew out the door, held onto by a very smug winter soldier.
"You're impossible, honestly, what was I thinking. I don't know why I bother watchi-" Steve slapped his hand over Tony's mouth. Tony looked at the screen to figure out what was the matter this time. The two villains had pinned Kevin up against the door. The neighbor came to the rescue, knocking them out with his shovel. Steve released his death grip on Tony's shoulders he didn't know he'd had.
The screen switched as the next video appeared on screen, this time it was Clint who was the main feature, caught by the cameras that no one saw but apparently were there...
"I am righteous. I protect America. Steeeve, you just need a hat..protect fire too.." Tony said in his best Cap impression. He trailed off, lost in thought, as Steve clenched his fists in an angry pout.
"You tired?" He asked, pulling Tony's chin up with a finger. The brunette shook his head, looking around.
"Sorry for intruding Mr. Stark, I just..I'm hungry and I just..I'll go. Sorry." Peter stammered, backing away. Tony raised a sleepy eyebrow at the young Spiderman, but his previously irritated glare softened.
"It is gorgeous, Tony." he agreed, following his past gaze out the window. Tony took a sip of coffee and smiled, making Steve's insides flutter. It had taken a long time for the genius to trust him, and open his heart to reveal the damage that had been inflicted on his broken-soul. Seeing Tony truly happy in little moments shared between the team, or just the two of them was what made Steve's heart full. It was amazing to watch his dark eyes trace over the scene in front of them, focusing on every detail nature offered.
"This is it, Tony." He said, eventually, when the stars and moon were the only light they had. Tony blinked slowly, a genuine smile illustrating his love for the blonde lighting up his face.
"Everyone here?" Steve asked, his voice loud so that the recipients at the other end of the extended table could hear. Choruses of "Yes" echoed back.
"Only 9:49?" He remarked, raising a bushy blonde eyebrow in surprise, "I figured more along the lines of midnight." Tony shrugged, tugging on Steve's arm in the direction of the elevator.  "Where are we going?" He asked, confused but allowing the stubborn smaller man to drag him into the elevator.
"Yeah..uh..Buck, my guy." Tony hummed, between sips of Loki's unfinished Asgardian stuff. "Shit, this stuff's pretty good!" He observed, as Loki gave him a disapproving glare.
They huddled together under the warmth of the rising sun and watched as their teammates, their family, rather, went outside one by one to marvel at the beauty of the white covered castle grounds, their kid-like laughter and happy yells reaching Steve and Tony's ears.
"S'a fact we already know." Bruce said. "Jus like we all know Steve likes ya more than 'Murica." he finished, with an added eyeroll for good measure.
"Congratulations!" a dozen voices- excluding Peter's because he could NOT keep a secret for the life of him- shouted as they walked into the room shouted. Bottles of champagne popped one after the other, red, gold, white, and blue confetti exploding over Tony and Steve's heads. Peter batted at it absentmindedly. The teenager looked around in confusion before his small eyes came to rest on the extremely incredible costumed ring decorating Tony's left hand.
"Relax..." he murmured to the billionaire, who was no longer paying attention to the movie but sliding a warm hand up the sweater.
Tony was already in the water, looking out over the West side of the compound and into the blazing orange sun. Steve dipped a toe in hesitantly, pleasantly surprised when he found the water was warm- despite the 34 degrees of icy cold that surrounded them in the air. He waded over to his fiance, resting his elbows on the side of the pool.
Steve gave her a hurt look before singing what everyone thought was his best effort at the US National Anthem. He missed a verse completely and ended with something incoherent but loud enough to shake the walls. The two women broke apart quickly as everyone, even Loki and Vision, laughed, more at Steve than the girls, who were unable to dance in one spot for more than six seconds.
"Hold up- Steve?" He asked, turning around to stare at the blonde through narrowed eyes, "Did EVERYONE but me know about this?" Steve allowed a smirk to spread across his face.
By the time dinner was done and the dishes were washed, Tony was so full sex wasn't an option for at least 4 hours, maybe 5...A particular piece of meat hadn't gone down well. Steve put the last plate in the cabinet, looking at Tony, who was sitting at the island in the middle of the kitchen, head down and groaning.
"When Captain America sneezes, do you guys say 'God bless America?'" He asked, trying incredibly hard to keep a straight face. He bit his lip for not coming up with that myself.
"Well, now we are kid. Thanks for the idea. If you get any more, let me know. I'm going to let you two settle into your rooms, same as always, and I'll see you in awhile." Peter grinned and picked up May's suitcase with no effort at all. He couldn't help but marvel at the strength the young kid had, and yet he acted as if it was nothing.
Peter started petting the bird, unaware it was Loki. The crow narrowed its eyes and with a flash Loki appeared, jaw clenched and looking down at a terrified Peter Parker crossly.
"Thank you for joining here, everyone." Vision's voice rang out as if he was IN the sound system, a large screen rolling down against one of the walls. The chairs and couches were positioned to watch what Tony thought was some sort of movie. "If everyone could please take a seat or couch, I'll explain my presentation." He added, motioning to the seating area.
"Here's to us." Steve finished, but before he could officially hold up his glass, Bucky and Rhodey stood up, Rhodey nudging a very confused Tony out of his chair and onto his feet.
"This is why I survived the ice, this is why you survived Afghanistan, you're why I never gave up on life." Steve broke their stare to sweep his gaze over the compound, lit up by a few lights here and there. "Everything happens for a reason, right?" He said, his mind traveling back through the years, revisiting every memory he had of his lover, good, or bad.
"You're to do whatever I please, yes?" Tony nodded, putting on a hideous face. "Marvelous." He looked down at Tony disapprovingly. "It's your turn, in case you forgot." he huffed.
"Don't worry Capsicle, no one will ever see this other than me, as long as your star spangled American ass is alive! Scouts honor!" He added sarcastically. Steve looked at the ground, a gorgeous smile and blush spreading across his face. He replaced the look with comedic concentration, wrapping the flag tightly around his perfect, very naked body, he close his eyes.
"Happy!" He yelled, opening the door himself, "You bastard you knew...You took the fucking shortcut you cunt!" Happy beamed with pride, loving that he was absolutely untouchable, since he was a SI employee and under Pepper's mercy, not Tony's. Tony, however, got a few more colorful phrases out before Steve had enough and drug him inside.
He gently nudged Tony, who lay watching Captain America with loving eyes. The true love between two people who are utmost opposites made him smile. Tony sat up slowly, and his eyes shifted from Steve to Peter, who walked in with a yawn that was cancelled the second he saw the scene before him.
