Taking a deep breath, Dean grabbed his towel and got moving.
Shuffling down to the floor to kneel in front of the couch, Dean tapped on Castiel’s hip. Moistening his lips, he rested one hand on Castiel’s thigh as he said, “Sit up for me.”
Panting softly, sucking in deep breaths to refill their lungs, they finally parted—at least mostly.  Dean’s hand curled around Castiel’s nape, keeping their foreheads tilted together, touching, pressed firmly skin-to-skin like they were trying to each leave a piece of themselves with the other.
“Well, I’m sure you aren’t too busy for this news, Cassie!”  Balthazar crowed buoyantly.
brother, then you are not half the angel that I hoped you were.”
“Fuck, feels good, Cas, so good,” Dean encouraged, turning to look at the side of Castiel’s face.
Castiel allowed him to consider…whatever it was that he was considering.
To Dean’s surprise, the corner of Castiel’s lip hitched up in a small, barely detectable grin. “Charm can get you a long way,” he said. “Or so they tell me; I’ve certainly never had it.”
“Cas!” Dean shouted, darting forward and grabbing at him without a thought. Sam immediately appeared on Castiel’s other side, supporting him as he wheezed. Blood dripped from the corner of Castiel’s mouth.
loudly over the edge of the slightly rusted bathtub and splash across the hastily planked floor of the officer’s toilette tent. Some gentlemen may have been mildly offended at their younger brother for many things, in this case—the awkward introduction, the presumption, the meddling. But Dean...No, Dean felt that he had never owed his brother more.
something, to explain, to ask for help—like he knew he should.
“There we go,” Dean said with a tiny wink. “That wasn’t so hard, was it?”
“Not a clue,” Castiel confessed as he swung his feet over the edge of the mattress. “But it makes you feel better.”
Dean was about to push further, trying to work out what the hell was going on with Castiel today, when Castiel’s phone buzzed audibly in his coat pocket, vibrating against the table edge.
“Technically, yes,” Dean responded, tapping away. “I just started classes today, but I guess I’m a ‘mature student’ compared to most of these kids.”
“Oh,” Castiel said quietly, the tiniest bit of tension returning to his spine.
“Excellent,” Castiel said. Far from innocent, he placed his elbows on the table, linking his hands together as he nodded, eyes fixed on Dean. “Then go ahead. I’m sure you want to tell me very clearly what you’d like me to do to you, yes?”
“Green, Sir,” Dean replied eagerly.
“Ahh, yes. The old woman who is currently judging me from above my fireplace. Dean did say her name was Mabel.”
Gabriel held up a hand to demonstrate a single sign. He showed Dean the sign a couple of times, reaching over to adjust Dean’s hand as he mimicked it: thumb and index finger extended in an ‘L’, pinkie finger raised to join them, middle and ring finger touching his palm.
He lost track of time, and Castiel’s gentle touch and grip on his arm made him jerk his head forward off the wall, his eyes flying open to a blurry world of clinical lights and stark walls. The bag of frozen fruit slipped down to his shoulder with a wet, cold slap.
Dean’s heart got bigger again as Castiel trailed off and shrugged. “I like it,” he reassured, smiling warmly before he mimed zipping his lips. “I’ll keep the fact that you’re actually adorable to myself. Secret’s safe with me.”
Lives, now, in a world where those words are out in the open, heard, and can’t be taken back.
“Okay, just don’t let go of me, Cas. No matter what. Okay?”
The leather pants were tight, pulled even more so by the thick line of Castiel’s erection at the front of them. It pleased Dean to see that Castiel had been aroused by what they were doing, that turning Dean’s ass red had a substantial effect not just on him, but on the handsome Dom, too. Reaching around to Castiel’s back pocket, Dean slipped his hand inside as instructed, and his fingers quickly found the rough edge of a condom wrapper.
-ing softly around them suddenly seeming much louder.
One note for this week: Before someone gets upset about it (there's always one!): yes, I am aware that Dean says he is feeding Castiel freshwater fish, but then later he crunches on cockles, which are saltwater bivalves. But if you think I'm letting reality stop me from jokingly inserting the word 'cockles' into a Dean/Cas fic at every opportunity, you are greatly mistaken. For the other 99.99% of you...enjoy the shellfish joke.
Just in time, Castiel looked up, spotting a beautiful, gleaming black muscle car heading up the hill.
That wasn’t a good sign; he had to move fast.
Dean cleared his throat and offered the second dry towel he held to Castiel. “And also, not exactly.”
A mer separated from the water...that’s a sad thing indeed.
“I’m glad you think so,” Castiel agreed with a smile. “So, you sound a lot better.”
Today, Dean had picked out an emerald green pair of lacy panties with a tiny bow right above his ass crack; it peeked out above the dark jeans and boots he’d wear in the common areas. He went shirtless to show off the matching green leather harness he’d picked out, the straps criss-crossed tightly across his chest and shoulders and had strong steel loops attached at various intervals to aid in all sorts of kinky play. Dean topped off the sexy outfit with a black leather mask—it covered his whole face, custom made with neat holes for his eyes and mouth and trimmed with soft, dark green lace.
“Dean!”
under his breath, as if he thought the name was utterly ridiculous. Castiel ignored him, shuffling to the edge of the mattress as he added, “I was busy.”
Dean couldn’t help but grin. “Guess it made sense, with that many kids around. It’s a cool sign, I like it.”
for all he knew or cared.
Even from Castiel’s struggling expression, Dean could pick out the secondary meaning to Castiel’s words and his awkward, floundering attempt at being subtle.
Question of the week: Castiel is starting to open up, little by little, and he's got a bit of a sassy streak in there somewhere...but he's still quite puzzled by Dean, sometimes. Do you think he'll agree to Dean's request to see Dr. Vallens?
That’s how Castiel and Dean ended up spending the final few miles of their drive to Dean’s house blaring
The café owner’s estimation of a mile may have been slightly on the short side, but at least it was a very pretty walk, Castiel told himself. Once the pastel wooden buildings of the small town came to an abrupt end, he was met with several large fields of unkempt grass and wildflowers, before the road thinned out into something that Castiel could only describe as a
Castiel’s frown deepened further the closer he approached.
Dean heard Castiel mumble something below him. He was back up in a shot, his hair skimming the ceiling.
“This non-existent, theoretical person—or persons, of course—that you want to hang out with,” Sam said, dripping with faux-sincerity, “wouldn’t happen to be a particular professor and historian by the name of something-or-other Novak, would it?”
Should…should he say something?
at the bunker, he really was. But he lost some of the shine that he had at the bay. He was quieter, a little more subdued, even if he smiled every time Dean was in the room.
“Because he didn’t give up on me.”
Castiel swept out of the glass doors of the lobby—yes, he knew walking so fast made his trench coat flap out dramatically behind him, but if he was honest he kind of liked it—and trotted swiftly down the stone steps to the curbside parking spot that was reserved for his Lincoln Continental. He didn’t even have a sign marking the spot. Because this was Charming Acres, the space was always politely left free by the other employees of Harrington’s Financial. (Harrington’s—was everything in this town owned by a Harrington?)
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel greeted him, far too perky for someone who’d been through as much alcohol the night before as Dean knew he had.
Dean swallowed back the urge to tell him that his name was as beautiful as he was. Wouldn’t want to give the guy the wrong impression. “I’m Dean,” he went with, instead.
Dean, Castiel had a feeling, was just biding his time. Eileen’s little trick was inspiring, though, and Castiel kept it in mind for the perfect moment. Early one evening, a week or so into the trip, Castiel couldn’t help himself.
A few minutes later, Dean was settled in front of the laptop with the opening scenes of Frozen 2 occupying his niece. Castiel was wearing a soft, navy shirt today Dean noted, rather than a dress shirt. It still had buttons, technically, but it was definitely more casual. It looked great against his skin, Dean couldn’t help but think. They’d been getting more and more relaxed in their second week of working together, and Dean wondered if he could start getting away with sweatpants. Wearing a belt in his own house was getting old.
Slowly, Dean’s shoulders slumped. “I get it, okay? I do. But take it from me, he’s gotta let off steam somehow. It’s like a pressure cooker otherwise. But I’ll…I’ll keep him on milk runs until we work out what to do.”
is used to describe people who identify as culturally Deaf. This is a cultural descriptor, not a physical one. In this fic, Gabriel is Deaf but Dean is deaf. See?
Cas was struggling—not just with the Mark, but with his own feelings of shame at not even being able to handle it as well as Dean had, at least initially. That much was very clear.
“Well, all the usual folks await,” Benny replied with a sweep of his arm toward the simple, barred, black door that led inside. “And a new guy—in our group, actually.”
“Yeah,” Dean typed back quickly. “You speak super fast. I can understand you, but I think I’m missing stuff.”
Even so.
, more so than he usually was. He was also reading books about angels—shouldn’t he already
Castiel’s aqua gaze dipped away from Dean and turned, unseeing, in the direction of the bathtub. “I was captured. Bounty hunters found me and my brothers in Cascadia Basin, about four hundred of your ‘miles’ south of Vancouver Island. They ripped me from my family—I fought, but I failed. It’s a disgrace, a dishonor. It shames me more than what your kind do to me. I’ve grown used to that.”
“Yup,” he admitted easily, throwing her a wink. “Get out of here.”
Dean admired the long column of Castiel’s neck as his head dipped back, momentarily overwhelmed as Dean slowly took him deep into his throat.
“Would you use your own soul to power this thing up for Cas?” Sam asked, tapping on his shirt pocket where the amulet was cozied away.
“Yes, Mister Novak?”
Melancholy, Dean kicked idly against the metal ladder that led up to the top bunk.
The furious-looking Scotsman spun on the spot, turning to Castiel with his hands up in the air. “Castiel! Yes, it's bloody real—they were only cooking the books, weren’t they! Weren’t even smart enough to do it well enough not to get caught!”
, rather than just deaf. Even so, he had to guess the odd word here and there, and he didn’t want to mess this up.
“You can’t tell us how to power the amulet again, once we have it?” Sam asked hopefully.
“Gave her an oil change to calm your nerves?” Bobby asked, crossing his arms in front of his eternal puffy vest.
The fact that he had a nightstand, rather than a pile of apple crates, was something noteworthy by itself. He felt at home here, he was forced to admit.
His stunning green eyes still, even after several meetings, brought to mind the very best martinis, and somehow left Castiel both shaken and stirred, even so full of concern.
“My pleasure, I assure you,” Castiel said into Dean’s hair.
Lots of salt sprinkling—and
Castiel smiled his small smile at Dean before he turned his eyes to the road. “I did wonder if anyone had. Women tend not to buy them for men, and I wasn’t sure if any of your relationships with men had been explicitly romantic rather than just sexual.”
Silently, they filed out of the tiny room; Dean first, followed by Sam and Castiel, then Michael at the back.
Dean looked across at Castiel’s thumb, sitting back on his heels next to him after inspecting the tile. “Oh, just wipe it on something,” Dean said with a shrug. “It’ll wash off.”
“Well, when Garrison closed down, my uncle Zach took a couple of months to regroup”—Castiel gave out a small snort at the idea that Zachariah’s ‘regrouping’ was anything other than the time it took him to avoid prison, but Balthazar continued talking excitedly—“and work out where to go from there. He’s just opened a new venture, and he’s looking for someone to head up the whole division, Cas! I told him what you’d been doing all summer, framed it as ‘
“The water is warmed, my lord,” young Alfie said, poking his head through the part in the heavy canvas that was giving Dean some brief reprieve from the stench of the battlefield beyond. “As much as it can be, anyway.”
‘Advance’. He knew that.
“Well, I guess that gives us, what…thirty minutes?” Dean said, reaching out to push Castiel’s hair back from his forehead affectionately. “If I quickly clean up the living room and shower, then we go down there, does that work?”
“Do you prefer a thud or a sting?” Castiel asked conversationally. “Deeper or sharper?”
Back when Castiel had first written to Dean while he was out in Spain, before his long journey chasing Napoleon up through France when he’d thought that he might have to return home sooner rather than later, Sam had written to Dean and let him know that Castiel’s horse was to be sold off along with all the other property and chattel of the Shurley estate down in Devonshire.
“Thought I smelled smoke.”
Impact was a very discreet, private club, and it was the stringent membership guidelines that made Dean so fond of it. There were a lot of rules, all of which kept the club’s clientele safe and ensured they all had a good time. It was run by Different Loving of Little Rock, a BDSM group that hosted munches and play parties throughout the month.
“Enough,” Michael said. He looked down at his hand which was still holding one of Adam’s ketchup-coated nuggets of dough, and dropped the food distastefully onto a napkin before he turned his attention back to Castiel, wiping his fingers idly. “You thought...but you thought only of yourself.”
Chip Harrington, elderly and mostly kind, was far too non-confrontational for Dean’s liking. His
sunshiny Castiel looked. The weather outside was sunny, but it clearly hadn’t worn off on him on the way. Castiel was never a morning person, Dean had learned that from his early classes, but it was almost lunch and he still had his pre-caffeine appearance.
Castiel thought about bending down and picking them up.
Ignoring Dean like the ant she probably thought he was, Amara raised her hand like it was nothing, driving Castiel to his knees. Invisible blows seemed to rain down on his body. He flinched away from them, his pink-tinged teeth bared in a grimace. Slashes erupted across Castiel’s chest, bright and gleaming and glossy, a waterfall of crimson dropping to the floor—but Castiel didn’t pay it any heed.
Castiel wasn’t cruel, Dean reminded himself as he found his freshly stockinged feet gliding toward the door. Even if he felt nothing for Dean, or wasn’t capable of feeling like that about Dean, they’d forgiven each other for much worse than some misplaced emotions.
Once Gabriel had departed (after signing something fast and lewd-looking to Castiel that Dean missed but had made Castiel turn purple), everyone gathered at the other end of the kitchen to chat for a while, leaning against the counters. Dean grabbed a fresh beer and sandwiched himself between Castiel and Ed, who was busy watching Corbett and Charlie furiously debate helmet protocols in
, or add one of my social media profiles:
“Whose?”
Untied, Sam stood triumphant...almost.
“Now all I have to do is sing the mer incantation Sam taught me—and you better not laugh at my pronunciation—and when the amulet is charged up, you take it out of my hand and your magic should, like,
Helpless, Dean stepped up to Castiel’s front and righted his hat for him, before allowing his finger to slowly trace a running droplet of water down the side of Castiel’s face, over his strong cheekbone and down to the barest stubble that graced his jaw.
Dean shrugged. “I like meat.”
It was the tiniest motion, but as close as they were, Dean knew exactly what he saw. Carefully, experimentally, he let his tongue slip across his bottom lip to moisten it, imagining that he could just lean forward and—
“Alright, time to get this show on the road,” Dean muttered to himself.
Dean didn’t have to do much interpreting of Castiel’s expression to see what he thought of
, just to feel his skin under the pads of his fingers.
“Well perhaps if you’d been a bit nicer to me—”
Dean had been looking forward to it all week.
He should call Sam. Vaguely, somewhere in the back of his mind, he knows that. But he can still feel Castiel’s hand on his shoulder, the ghost touch left bloodied on his clothes and scarred on his soul.
Dean’s heartbeat rose in time to the beat of the music and his body melded to the front of the man behind him. An arm snaked around Dean’s waist, pulling him closer as the friction between them increased. Dean pushed his hips back, and he could feel the other dancer’s interest pressing into his thigh.
Castiel didn’t sign much as he spoke to Adler, of course, as the balding, bug-eyed professor wouldn’t have understood anyway. Dean couldn’t help but smile as he noticed Cas’ hands moving regardless, though, the odd sign escaping him like he was having to translate his own thoughts so that they could be spoken for Adler.
Shaking his head, Dean let out a low puff of air. He was being ridiculous, his thoughts swirling and whirling around about a person who may not even be able to stand the sight of him, for all he knew.
Flushed and laughing, Dean gazed down at Castiel. He couldn’t help but grin back up at him, feeling light and warm. He couldn’t help but be just the slightest bit disappointed as Dean pulled back, smiling more calmly, his hands held up in a gesture of placation.
“How may I serve you, sir?” the vending machines polite, robotic voice greeted him.
Castiel watched his finger disappear between Dean’s lips with delighted, wide eyes, his irises almost navy in the dim light of the desk lamp. They closed the blinds, of course, whenever they were going to indulge in a longer scene on Dean’s day off, and the muted light that remained made the space into their own little world.
“Hey, you,” Dean signed, stepping past Sam to give her a massive hug before he pulled back to add, “Long time, no see.”
Please do leave me a comment and let me know what you think! We're setting up some plot this week, but as I hope you can tell...we're leading into some fun for our boys, too ;)
Dean kept rinsing his cloth, kept smoothing away the grime from Castiel’s warm skin.
Castiel tensed beside Dean, and they exchanged a nervous look while MEG paused, both fearing that the voice which returned would not be hers.
“As if I was going to give any other answer.”
Wasn't the art all beautiful? I don't even know what to say about it anymore, because every piece blows me away. Please do head over to lizleeships
“You’ll have to let me cook dinner for you the next time you come over, then,” Dean said, tugging his coffee toward himself. “It’ll be nice to have someone to cook for again.”
Sam nodded grimly, settling them into an empty lane on the freeway before he reached down and grabbed a water bottle, tossing it to Dean. “Here. Breathe, have a drink. Don’t make me have to drag your dumb ass to the ER, Dean.”
Rushing over to the desk, Dean reached across to the lowest shelf on the wall where a plugged-in Samsung was lit up, illuminating the dim corner and shrilling loudly.
No, no—that wasn’t what Dean wanted. He reached across and wrapped his arm over Castiel, pulling him back into his chest and tucking his face into Castiel’s neck. He pressed a soft kiss to the fluttering gills, and Castiel shivered against him.
Castiel didn’t need to eat human foods, or drink; mer ate much less often than humans did, for the most part. He hunted every few days, and he was fine. But he was curious. His slowly expanding palate now included beer, coffee, and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. They were working on cheeseburgers.
Hmm, a familiar voice. Dean liked it, it was deep and rumbling, pretty sexy really—
“Dean—in Purgatory...”
Dean settled for thinking, instead.
“Where’s Cas?” Sam asked idly as he raided the fridge and proceeded to poke his way through the avocados in the bowl on the counter, finding the perfect one.
“Look, I know you hate hospitals, kid. But that was one hell of a whack you ~~, okay? You might not have been able to hear the smack as you went down, but me and Garth sure did.” A small grimace passed over Bobby’s face. “We worry. And look at it ~~ my side of things, just for a damn second—you were injured on my business property. Even just from an insurance perspective, I gotta—”
He gazed out across the wide, impressive space of the Saranton’s bridge. It looked a bit strange to Dean’s eyes, so empty, his brain now beginning to provide memories of it bustling with crewmembers, noisy, constantly in motion. Neat, curved desks of smooth, white material sat in rows, all facing toward the huge, floor-to-ceiling window that took up the entire front of the bridge, looking out across the universes.
Castiel watched the side of Dean’s face steadily for a minute as Dean drove. Dean could feel it. Castiel’s stares had a weight to them that was hard to miss, but after a moment Castiel seemed to let whatever it was pass and turned his attention out of the window.
Leaning back just a little, Dean grinned down at him from the second floor. “Mornin’, sleeping beauty! This what time you city folk normally start work?”
Dean moaned, closing his eyes for just a moment as Castiel fucked into him. He loved this—this feeling of being used, of being the sole cause of someone else’s pleasure, of someone
And waited.
. This is her first Big Bang, and so any comments and encouragement you can give her would be hugely appreciated!
Kaia merely grimaced an apology from behind Claire’s shoulder. Beside Castiel, an old man elbowed into his space with a wink, grabbing a cookie from the plate and saying to Claire, “I’ll take one for the road, Claire-bear. You tell your daddy I’ll see him at church.”
Castiel looked a little bit pleased with himself for a moment—then it passed, and a small crease appeared between his brows. Dean made the executive decision not to ask what that was about, and to continue getting them safely down the rocky cliffside.
As Dean worked his way around the edges of the case with the glass cutter, Sam slipped some gloves from his pocket and carefully got his fingers under the piece Dean was removing. They were delighted—and lucky—to note during their reconnaissance that the museum was nowhere near successful enough to have individually alarmed displays. Sam took five minutes with the security system, and they figured they should have at least thirty minutes before the off-site security company realized anything was wrong.
More than that, he could not say—not only through fear of what Castiel’s reaction would be, or fear of the missive being intercepted by prying eyes, but through fear of sounding like a madman.
“Thank you,” he said, blushing profusely.
Dean shook his own aching head, hoping that the pills he’d popped would kick in soon. There was a pile of washcloths next to the sink. Stretching up to grab one, Dean dunked it in the water that was slowly filling the plastic bathtub and began to gently wipe over Castiel’s scales.
Before Castiel could ask for what he wanted—because Dean knew, even though it was something his gentle Dom rarely asked for—Dean pushed back against Castiel one last time, before jerking forward off his cock. He turned quickly on the couch, arranging his legs either side of Castiel as he sat down and tugged Castiel’s hips toward him.
Still, neither of them moved, and Dean’s hot hands were resting at Castiel’s hips. Dean had a curl of sawdust clinging to his hair, entwined in the front where it pushed up from his forehead. Castiel lifted his hand from the floor where it rested beside Dean’s head, and gently picked the speck from his strands.
“Are you done with yours?”
Dean’s heart thudded to a stop as Castiel leaned slightly into his space, raising a hand to Dean’s face. Shyly, Castiel murmured, “For you, my attention is easy to give, Dean.”
“Dean,” Castiel butted in with a frown. “You know that gender is irrelevant to me. It’s not that.”
“I’m not a great cook, either, but I can handle breakfast. Beyond that, it’s pretty much PB&J and frozen burritos.”
“I’m gonna be all sticky now, weirdo,” Dean said once the sensation of Castiel’s warm breath curling across his skin had retreated.
I was so happy with your responses to the first chapter and delighted that you all wanted to grab pitchforks (or tridents) and join Dean in his revenge on Earl and Brock Pleasure Ranch.
Dean smiled fondly at Charlie before grabbing the milkshake glass, leaving the redhead at the counter while he stepped into the back to whip up her abomination.
Castiel nodded dumbly.
I know you're all waiting after the little cliff hanger on the last chapter, such as it was, so I won't keep you here long--just long enough to confirm that we're entering NSFW territory this chapter (I know, I know...
Dean smirked, and Castiel grinned sheepishly back for just a moment before he slid the orange underwear down past his ass. Dean took over then, hooking his fingers into the thick elastic at the waist and pulling them slowly down Castiel’s thighs. For a moment they caught on Castiel’s eager erection, before giving in to inevitability and releasing it to smack against his abdomen.
There we go! An update!
I'm back at it now with fandom life, and within a few days I should be all caught up on my unanswered comments, tumblr asks, and insta DMs. Thank you for your patience.
” Dean grumbled. “I meant more along the lines of why exactly is she zero-responding?”
Castiel’s hand slid back around to Dean’s front, stroking up his stomach before tapping lightly at Dean’s chest, asking him to look down.
Dean slithered, on his hands and knees, over to a barrier in front of his egg. He hauled himself up hand-over-hand, bar-by-bar, until he was able to hook his elbows over the railing and peer out across the Nest.
Dean grinned as he noticed the phone light up again a moment later—clearly Michael had more to say, but it seemed like Castiel was ignoring him for now. The phone screen glowed through the red checked fabric of Dean’s shirt, a strange pinky light, for a moment before it dulled.
“He can’t,” Michael said bluntly. “Amara burnt up his grace. It will take a while to replenish. I repaired what of his vessel I could: the bones, the large wounds. He won’t bleed out now, but…against The Darkness, even my power is only so much.”
Gagging helplessly, Dean looked unerringly up at Castiel, huffing in air through his nose and trying to force his throat to relax and take it.
Ducking just fast enough to avoid smacking his forehead on the low ceiling, Dean rolled onto his side and peered downward, over the railing.
His beady eyes moved across the class, taking everyone in. For a moment, his gaze settled on Dean. He raised one greying eyebrow, flicking his attention briefly to the empty seat at Dean’s side, as if noting Castiel’s absence. With that, he nodded and picked up the eraser for the whiteboard.
Slowly, Dean’s fingers curled in until his hands were fists, cutting half-moons of frustration and disappointment into the meat of his palms. Periodically, Dean looked at the clock above the podium. It mocked him, the hand juddering on slowly, making sure he was aware of every hopeless second.
“Ahh,” he said as Castiel approached with the most-matchy tap he’d been able to find, “you must be the new owner of Bellbird Valley Farm.”
But by then, stood inside the white, sleek elevator—which was playing frustratingly calm elevator music, totally out of sync with the panicked beat of Dean’s heart against his ribcage—he remembered more. The elevator itself was familiar. Maybe not this one, he reasoned, but plenty of others like it, throughout the ship.
For some reason, the words Dean hoped would be reassuring seemed to crack the dam further, and Castiel’s fists clenched as his head rolled forward, growling over the beating showerhead, “I’ve almost killed you
“I knew there was a reason we kept you around, buddy,” he joked lightly, winking at Castiel as he sat at the kitchen table. The angel was leafing idly through the prior day’s local paper and barely raised his head as Dean passed.
Unsure if Castiel had observed the same thing he had, Dean flicked his eyes over to him—to find Castiel already directing his gaze to Dean from the corner of his eye. They shared a look for a moment.
“Come on, what?” Castiel didn’t move an inch. “I have no idea how to save this ship, Dean, and neither do you!”
Beneath Dean’s hand, Castiel’s skin was unexpectedly warm and soft. Their eyes locked, and Dean’s body was pressing Castiel’s firm, bare chest down into the mattress—though surely not in quite the way he was used to.
- Mal <3
To begin with, he hadn’t known what the feeling was. He’d never been the most in tune with his emotions, and when they’d met, he and Castiel both had been in such hopeless place; he’d never expected to find love there. But when he’d realized it, when Castiel had died at the end of Lucifer’s blade and Dean’s grief had consumed him with a fervor he hadn’t known how to handle, Dean understood that his feelings for the angel had been more than brotherly, more than friendly, for longer than he could remember. He couldn’t pinpoint the change, he’d never tried. By then, so far into their knowing each other—eight, nine years, by then?—it was too late to change anything.
His teeth were bared like an animal’s, ferocious and snarling. His eyes were the darkest blue Dean had ever seen them. Streaks of blood had been dashed across his face, here and there, as he’d wiped his hands or pushed back his hair, and it only added to the savagery of the sight. It was barbaric, but Dean couldn’t take his eyes off him.
“Yes,” Castiel rumbled, low and dangerous. “Free will. Something we’re all working on since we locked your brother away.”
The hug that they fell back into was tight and desperate and strange; Castiel was rubbing Dean’s back as if he needed to be comforted, but that was
Dean wondered, again, what Sam had thought was so important to tell Castiel before they'd left the bunker—but if Dean was finally learning anything, it was to take pause before he reacted. So, he'd wait, and see if Sam brought it up again. Hopefully to him, next time.
“Hope you weren’t waiting long. Charlie made me sit through ten outfits.”
Castiel scowled, but there was no heat behind it. “Very well.”
Castiel shot Dean a strange look. He parted his lips as if he was about to say something, and Dean couldn’t be having that—so he shoved the barstool aside and headed for the door, hoping his drinker’s knees could take him as far as his bed.
They were monstrous, but they weren’t stupid.
“Children of deaf adults like me, though—some people don’t like us assigning name signs. Too hearing, not in the community ‘enough’ no matter how we were raised, to some people. And that’s their right. I understand. There are even some groups of people who wouldn't even want me using a sign name, never mind gifting one. But as Gabriel made up this sign so he could use it to tease me about our friendship...I think it’d be okay for you to have it.”
Sam huffs angrily again, but Dean can’t care. He just wants to let his misery be.
Oh, Castiel was so not good at this part.
Pulling it out with one hand, Dean regarded the heavy leather cover as he strolled back to the kitchen to put his cup in the sink. ‘
“Know what?”
“Everyone knows that the thing that makes Doctor Sexy sexy is that he wears cowboy boots. Not tennis shoes.”
Still warm from dancing, Dean quickly shrugged off his thick, checked shirt. Castiel began to protest, but Dean ignored him, settling the loose fabric around his shoulders. “It’s fine, you can use it as a second layer, at least until I get cold.”
He should have known better than to worry. Not with Castiel.
“Going through season seventy-nine, from back in the twenty-first century. The classics.”
“That’s not—” Castiel cut off, letting out a frustrated sigh. “I’m not comfortable with that, Claire. I realize things work differently, out here in Bellbird Valley. Or at least, I’m starting to realize that. But I have to do this on my own.”
No risk of betrayals and broken hearts here. No, Castiel wouldn’t find anyone in this kind of town that would be a good fit for him, that much was certain.
As soon as the door was locked and double-checked, Dean headed straight back to the bathroom.
“You would, hmm?” Castiel asked, grinning.
“Yes,” Meg purred, in a voice that denoted
“Me or the palace?” Castiel asked with a smirk, his eyes fixed on the pale, gritty dirt under his trowel.
text as he barked out an uncomfortable laugh. “Nah. Opposite.”
“Needed that, thanks, Jo.”
_____
Dean finished his own meal quickly, before dressing and wandering down to the kitchen himself—much to the cook’s disgruntlement—to request a small picnic for his ride later that day. Either he would eat it with Castiel or only share it with his thoughts, but either way, pie was a must.
- Mal <3
Within the Impala, the buzzing tension between them seemed to fill the space exponentially, until they were breathing it. Dean settled automatically behind the steering wheel, though he didn’t feel particularly inclined to actually drive once Castiel slid into the passenger seat.
“Maybe,” Dean said. A small smile again, shared.
“Yes,” replied Dean firmly, though Castiel could tell that he was struggling not to laugh. “Definitely a bird’s nest.”
With a click and a buzz, the A.I.’s voice boomed overhead. “Hey, dudes.”
Odd choice of word, Dean thought, but after getting Castiel to repeat it just in case, it was definitely the right one.
They hang on the line for a heavy moment.
“I know,” Dean interrupted, suppressing a shiver as the wind caressed his back. “It’s inert, right? Needs power to attract power, some magical shit like that.”
Back to mermen though, for now - time to see what Dean is up to with those scales!
“I don’t care. Turn MEG back on.” Castiel said, smiling in a sugary sweet way that immediately irritated Dean some more.
Castiel’s eyes snapped to Dean as their legs pressed under the table, wide and bright—he looked
“Locked,” said Castiel dully.
“Oh hush,” Castiel grumbled. “Just take a change of clothes to work with you and prepare for some shameless romancing.”
Dean lifted his hips without prompting, and let Castiel help him into the fresh pair—simple black silk, beautifully reflective in the low overhead light. Done with all of that, Castiel tossed the wipes and kicked the duffle bag back under the bed, and climbed up onto the mattress.
Balthazar’s babbling cut off instantly as Castiel hung up.
“For a dude who said he just did clean up and band-aids, you sound like you know what you’re doing,” Dean said, opening his eyes again in relief. He rolled his head to the side, staying down, and Castiel slipped his hands from Dean’s shoulders.
“I hope she feels better soon,” Castiel said with a frown, remembering how kind she’d been when he’d caught the flu. “Can I do anything to help?”
Castiel looked at them in his palm, rolling them once over the creases of his skin before he reached forward, holding them out to Dean. “Take these and go, then. If that’s truly all you want from me.”
Castiel raised his tequila bottle in silent agreement.
There was an expression on his face that Dean didn’t quite understand. He hesitated.
Gabriel was the last person on Earth he’d be asking for kinky handspeak. He was pretty sure he could work out that dick sucking motion that Gabriel had demonstrated all by himself, thank you.
Dean gave Castiel a watery little smirk. To attract a mate.
“I’m not, really,” Castiel said, though he let out a defeated sigh. “I suppose I am. It turns out that the prospect of taking you on a first date, when I already know how much you mean to me, is incredibly nerve-wracking.”
Sam folded his arms, leaning forward so his elbows were on his knees. “No, it isn’t.”
Even not being able to see, Dean could feel Castiel’s smile against his temple. Dean breathed out, his mind whirling desperately. He felt like he was so close to getting everything he’d ever wanted—but he still didn’t know, wasn’t sure. Perhaps this, just this, a stand-in for a molt companion and little more, was all that Castiel was inferring he wanted.
Dean laughed, pulling a chair out for Anna to sit on. He quickly opened the other door to the small room, poking his head out onto the bay.
It was Castiel.
“Maybe for you,” Castiel grumbled, tugging his backpack across the back seat so that he could retrieve his water bottle.
God, Castiel was beautiful when he smiled. The tiny, fleeting smile that most people got was gorgeous enough, but the wider, adoring looks he saved just for Dean…
A short-ish chapter this week, but a pretty fun, sweet, and fluffy one I think. Strap in and bring a toothbrush!
Deep inside, though, he knew that it was more than that. Somehow this felt like a really big,
Returning his eyes to the waves, Dean steeled himself. He felt idiotic, but if this worked…well, if this worked, it’d all be worth it.
The merman blinked, a small jolt of shock running behind his blue eyes. Clearly, not a frequent question. Dean waited him out, determined to have an answer.
“Marks?”
“Humble, too,” Sam noted. “Jess has better taste, but I figured you weren’t looking for anyone, anyway.”
for being an awesome beta and friend, as always.
Castiel let out a series of sharp coughs, and Dean could feel his gills gasping shakily against his palm where he was holding him. The soot must be even worse for the merman than it was for him, Dean realized.
And not just one piece, oh no.
I hope you enjoy :))
“It’s better than good, it’s brilliant.”
Castiel nipped playfully at Dean’s shoulder, causing him to laugh.
“Now you’re just being rude, computer lady.” Dean pulled up heavily on the railing in front of him, using it to hoist himself up and test his legs.
“Oh, I know, darling, I know! But I thought that was just a—a silly college kid’s dream! Not in real life!”
“Yeah. The spell isn’t difficult. Once the kid is good and I’ve torched the shaman’s body, I’ll grab some food and head right back.”
Castiel squinted, his eyes deep blue slits. “Who are you and where is Dean Winchester?”
Dean’s dick immediately wanted to salute Castiel’s sweating, bare body. He wanted to know what he tasted like, how his muscles would feel under Dean’s tongue. But every other part of Dean crawled with wrongness, and fear, and guilt.
Bobby’s shoulders slumped as he said, “It’s not okay, Dean. But I also can’t just fire him out of the blue, especially without a replacement lined up. But I’ll keep an eye on him and start looking around.”
By the time he hung up, Castiel was forced to admit that yes, he did. Even if he had the worst luck in the world with most things, at least he could claim he had a great friend in Meg.
Castiel sighed, staring down at his cooling drink. “Friends. Yes, I suppose that’s acceptable.”
and the way that Castiel grabs a hold of the fabric at Dean’s sides and desperately clings.
At his nod, she gestured to an office, and he followed.
He excused himself to go to the bathroom, splashing cold water over his face as he glared down into the sink.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel croaked, surprisingly calmly.
Even with only half the sentence, Dean shook his head. “Just leave it, Charlie,” he mumbled. “It’s not going to make it any better.”
“Dean?” Castiel rapped on the door. “It’s exactly seven o’clock.”
to come back; Dean couldn’t wrap his head around anything else.
“Okay, okay,” Castiel said hurriedly, reaching to place his hands on Dean’s shoulders. “How about we keep you laying down for now, huh?”
Dean was tempted to make Castiel squirm for a moment longer and pretend he didn’t know what he was asking, but in the end, he didn’t
Dean’s laugh came out as a snort, and he reached across the bench seat with both arms to tug Castiel back toward him. He smiled, pressing a sweet kiss to Castiel’s cheek that did buzzy, flippy-floppy things to Castiel’s stomach. “I’d love to come in, Cas,” Dean said, his smile softer. “I don’t have to though. I don’t want to pressure you into anything that—”
He’d keep that picture for himself.
Dean reached forward immediately, reaching for Castiel’s arm, all trace of amusement gone from his face, replaced instead with something like…worry? Or regret? His hand only brushed the sleeve of Castiel’s jacket, but Castiel would have sworn the touch burned through to his skin, anyway.
Dean greeted them with an easy grin, but his eyes flicked back over his shoulder to Castiel as he was abruptly hustled away. “Nice to meet you, Cas,” Dean said, leaving him with a smaller smile.
“So, uh, I guess I’ll see you tomorrow. For work, like always.”
“Excited?” Dean asked quietly.
“Deal,” Dean whispered throatily.
“One of my many faults, I assure you. Do you play Whist, my lord?”
Funny how working with Castiel had given him the confidence to be
A flash of warmth spread across the back of Dean’s neck, and he momentarily regretted opening his mouth to
“Well then,” Dean said as sarcastically as his whiskey-rough voice could manage, raising his head to peek over the edge of the mattress, “why don’t you go ahead and report me to a superior officer for violation of—oh wait.”
MEG gave an overly dramatic, sarcastic gasp. “Oh, how lovely. You’re actually going to try and do your jobs, and not doom three million humans.”
He looked proud to have made Dean laugh, and that alone was all kinds of adorable.
Enjoy, folks - and remember to breathe.
Castiel blinked a couple of times in surprise. “You want me to help,” he stated flatly.
“Yeah, a breather would be good,” Dean agreed, grinning. He peeled his shoulders from the speaker and stepped forward, falling in beside Castiel.
She looked thoughtful for a moment, then nodded. “New Frozen,” she said solemnly.
,” Castiel said quietly, his voice full of the intense emotion he usually hid so well. The pads of his fingers danced further, down across Dean’s bare forearm in a tantalizing trail until they caressed his palm, then linked their hands together, entwined. “I
The air above their heads, which MEG seemed to speak from the vicinity of in every room, gave a considering sniff.
“Don’t sass me, cher,” Benny retorted with a twinkle. “It’s my turn to cook dinner.”
That wink got Dean out of far too much, not that Castiel particularly minded.
Dean snorted, but didn’t respond directly, instead choosing to snuggle Castiel into his side and continue with his loud, pointed singing.
To Dean’s delight, the rare blush that he was so fond of built up around Castiel’s throat. “Oh,
“Ninety-nine percent certain,” Dean said, nodding firmly. “I think I’m on solid ground with this one.”
The gym. Castiel was in the bunker’s gym, Dean realized.
“I’ll enjoy them very much, I assure you,” Castiel argued.
“Sam!” Dean shouted back, keeping his eyes on the road.
Dean swallowed harshly. It was a kink list, no doubt about it—a long list of every interest and fetish that Dean had ever heard of or tried, and plenty (he could already tell) that he had not. “Here? Now?” he croaked out.
Dean was nervous. Cas had forgiven him for snapping and storming out of the café, without so much as ever bringing it up again since. Not once, during all of their lessons and even a couple of hasty lunches. Dean was grateful for that—he knew he could be difficult sometimes, not great at sharing much of himself with other people. He was much better at showing a front—confident, sometimes cocky, flirty, and fun. He never
Castiel’s speech was rapidly devolving into a series of gasped ‘
A fear? A mistake? An incorrect assumption?
Claire watched hopefully as he took a bite.
Dean was a submissive sexually, but he wasn’t a submissive
So how about we get this plot moving, so that we can force our reluctant-roomies to have to work together a little... that'd be a good start for them, don't you think?
Great. Subtle. Dean was real, real subtle.
Dean breathed out hopefully.
Ms. Moseley stood from behind her desk and stuck her head out of the office door. Dean could only assume that she shouted for someone, because when she returned to her seat she smiled brightly before indicating the door.
Sam visited a lot. Sometimes with Eileen, sometimes without. He’d taken charge of everything down in the bunker. It was a hub now, a place for hunters who needed help with research for cases, as well as becoming R&D central for hunters who were hoping to dig through all of the old Men of Letters tech in the storerooms and bring it up to date, take hunting into the next century.
Grinning, Dean closed his hand, catching Castiel’s trailing finger in his. “I would totally do that just for you, Cas. I’d do anything for you. But that…” He paused for a moment to chuckle and catch Castiel’s eyes, to push his words home. “Honestly, that sounds like the perfect kink for you. It makes absolute sense for who you are. And I would love to try it with you, some day.”
“Bobby already found a replacement transmission,” Jo said. “He had one back at the lot. I’ll go get it, you inspect it for other issues. I know you won’t want to be giving this one back with waiting problems.”
With a jolt of enjoyment, the sub raised his head and shoved the door firmly open, cascading soft light over them both, and pulled himself—somewhat reluctantly—away from Castiel’s front.
- Mal <3
Dean raised their joined hands. “Little public displays of affection.”
After a few seconds, the panic in Castiel subsided, the storms that had plagued the seas in his eyes retreating as his shoulders slowly slumped.
Castiel’s lips twisted in thought, resulting in a little grimace. “That whole sector is the opposite end of the ship from here, Dean.”
As he spoke, Castiel shifted on the black sheet. His tail made an almost metallic
Dean put in the work. He was strung out, his body tight and desperate after fucking himself on the suction cup dildo over and over while Castiel worked on his outline and tested Dean’s Russian phrases. He’d found the toy amongst Dean’s little collection, and Dean could tell by his dark-eyed, pleased reaction that it would make plenty of appearances in their sex life; especially when he told Castiel that it was the same one he’d fucked himself on in the bathroom while Castiel had stood outside the door.
Castiel had grown used to being woken by Fatback-alarm, but the pig was nowhere to be seen. Clearly, Fatback had been there—everything that Castiel usually kept in the pile of crates beside the bed was turned out onto the floor, yanked about by a determined snout. But there was no sign of the culprit.
“Exactly how much of a fever do I have?” he mumbled.
“So that’s why you flaked out of med school and ended up a masseuse? Because you’re an anxious mess who self-medicates instead of dealing with things?”
Silk shirt forgotten on the floor, Castiel reached forward and grabbed at the shoulder-strap of Dean’s harness, tightening his fingers around the leather and dragging him upwards to push his tongue possessively into Dean’s mouth once more.
Pressing his lips to Dean's temple, Castiel smiled. “I try to be prepared for anything you might need from me, Dean. That's part of my role, too—an important part.”
Sam raised his hand in a dorky little wave.
Sitting up, Dean kicked his feet over the side of the mattress and cussed softly at the chilling press of the bunker’s concrete floor against his soles. A few more low curses took him to his dresser, where he pulled out a pair of thick, white, winter socks and quickly pulled them on, standing awkwardly one-footed like a flamingo and wobbling next to the chest of drawers. He waggled his toes once he had them on; there, done. He’d be warm soon.
“D-Dean,” he stuttered out, “your hands, I’m—”
“I don’t think he really planned to do it, it just happened. He didn’t seem scared, like it reminded him of something bad or anything, he was just apologizing a lot—I guess he wasn’t sure that I felt the same way he did, or something like that. Or he thought that he didn’t have permission? I dunno.”
Castiel could still hear the throaty vintage engine as he fumbled his keys. As much as he wanted to resist doing anything that Dean told him to do…it seemed like, in this very particular case, Dean might actually have a fair point.
“Thank you. But as I said, loose ends, there’s always bloody loose ends. One of the properties I’ve acquired has been dropped from the ledger as they don’t think it’s quite the
P.S. If you love destiel fanfic, why not try out
“Yeah, I just flew back from South America with Sam—that’s my brother, he does all the camera work and tech stuff. We’d been filming a couple of new videos.”
“I guess you’re right,” Dean allowed. “I really don’t think it's anything, but I guess we’re in ‘better safe than sorry’ territory right now.”
Not sure if he was being brave or just being reckless, Dean took in a deep breath, filling his lungs with the scent of feathers and oil and warmth and
They devolved quickly into childish dodging and wrestling and tagging with streaks of white grout, until they were caught in a stalemate, Castiel on his back on the floor, Dean leaning above him with Castiel’s hands desperately pushing back against his biceps, preventing Dean from depositing a thick white streak on his cheek.
The eyebrow rose further.
“Anyway,” Dean continued, flicking his eyes to the side to look at the handsome, tanned man that was the only other person awake on the entire freakin’ ship. “It’s not like you can talk.”
Still not knowing what to say, Castiel took a long draw of his beer.
Our first date, tomorrow. I’ll pick you up after work, as a good date should.”
A chill went through Dean as Castiel’s wide swing gave him a glimpse of the Mark on his arm, red and obscene. It was the most violent part of the whole picture—until Dean saw Castiel’s face.
“Yup, we are definitely the crack team who’ll save everyone,” Dean muttered under his breath.
Castiel eyed him levelly, a little amusement swimming deep in his irises. “Yes, everyone. Myself included.”
“I mean—dude, come on,” Dean said, laughing and gesturing to Castiel. “You have all of your shit together. You’ve got a good job, you help people just because you think it
He hadn’t visited since he’d enlisted—he had nothing to come back for, at the time. His brother was happily wed, and he was no longer on speaking terms with his father. With his mother having died in childbirth, and a broken engagement to Lady Braeden—and all the scandal that had involved—behind him, Dean had seen no need to set foot on his family’s estates. Until, of course, they had become his estates.
Dean nodded. “You’re right. I haven’t spent much time here since—well, even before I enlisted, my time here was limited.”
“I, uh—” Dean scratched at the back of his neck uncomfortably. “I found the first one in the diner, when we went to Hastings the other day.”
Familiar.
“I do, but only because my preferred pastimes aren’t suitable for elegant card parties,” Dean replied, allowing himself to press a hand to the back of Castiel’s arm only enough to turn him toward a vacant table.
. They could have talked about it, couldn’t they? Dean had stormed out, all fury and ridiculously strong shoulders, and Castiel hadn’t seen him at the inn all day. That wasn’t unusual; he still worked for Bobby. But today it felt like a personal slight.
“It’s a spider conch,” Castiel said, turning it slightly. “See the spines?”
Does that count as a cliffhanger? I hope not, because I think you all know what's going to be coming up next...this is a wing fic, after all ;)
Castiel grinned innocently around the rim of his coffee cup. Dean went ahead and marked “Yes” for them both…then underlined it on Castiel’s side, just for good measure.
Right. Adler. He was talking.
,” Dean said, trying—and rather failing—to sound apologetic. “We don’t know each other, and we’re both guys. We need our space, okay, MEG?”
But the closer they got to the bunker, the stronger the feeling of wrongness in Dean’s chest grew.
Thank you so much for reading!
They played in the water for a few more minutes, Dean refusing to admit that he was cold but clinging more and more to Castiel, who was basically a heater.
Dean grunted. Stupid brothers and their stupid being right.
Sam had offered to come, to stay at the cabin, just in case. He got a ton of brother points for offering; not that Sam ever needed them, he was the best brother in the world. When he wasn’t trying to make Dean eat salad, anyway. But this time, it felt too personal.
Castiel grabbed the wet, broken tap from where he’d dropped it in the sink, and then stalked off upstairs to get a clean t-shirt and his boots. If this was the way the farm wanted to play, then Castiel was going to come out swinging.
Castiel desperately wanted to interrupt and apologize, because clearly his impression of the town had personally offended Dean somehow, but Dean was on a roll and already continuing, scowling as he went.
“You little shit, show me,” Dean said, laughing.
On the other end of the phone, Castiel heard the squeak of a wine bottle cork being pulled out, and a
at spotting a carrot on the other side of the porch. Fatback trampled across Dean and Castiel like they weren’t even there, drawing protesting “
Ahhh, all better. Now, if they can just keep up that level of communication for the rest of the story... LOL. How likely do we think that is? ;)
“Oooh,” Charlie said thoughtfully, spinning a full turn on her swivel stool as she considered. “How about…peanut butter with gummy bears and a cotton candy topping.”
The corridor beyond the medical bay door was illuminated with exactly the same low-level emergency lighting that lined the hallways over in the engineering department. In fact, the view was identical as Dean and Castiel walked down toward the bank of gleaming elevators. The whole ship was homogenous, to the point where it was pretty easy to get lost if you didn’t follow the neat silver signs on each corner.
Castiel
“It’s not a movie, it’s a—”
Dean’s own orgasm hit him suddenly, his muscles clenching and tightening in a rhythmic roll that started at his balls, forceful and hot, and ended in a fizzing, light sensation that spread right to his toes. “Oh, shit! Cas!
looked back up at Castiel.
The waves reaching up around them churned enthusiastically, rocking them together as Castiel’s grin grew. “Again,” he murmured.
His hands tightening on the back of Dean’s thighs, Castiel leaned down and licked a stripe up along the hem of Dean’s panties, wetting the lace as his cool, damp tongue claimed the hot, stinging skin.
Anger rising up inside his chest, Dean stepped forward sharply, only to run into Sam’s arm holding him back. “Don’t you mean his
, Dean could feel Castiel’s tail thrashing behind him, his translucent blue tailfin sweeping up off the bed like a flag signaling
To do his duty as a good host, Dean made sure to change tables often, hoping that he might be able to play a hand or two with Castiel and talk to him a little, but fate was never on his side. Dean blamed it on the cards—he’d always been luckier at dice and billiards, anyway.
Even so, Dean had to admit it looked pretty good on him. Fashionable, maybe not, but there was something about it. He had an officer’s suit and a blue tie beneath it, and Dean thought with some amusement that Castiel looked as if he could be dressing for a date, if only they weren’t the only two people awake on the whole ship.
“You happy, Cas?” Dean whispered, running his fingers lightly down Castiel’s bicep.
Slumping down into his seat, Dean tucked his backpack under his chair so that it wasn’t in Castiel’s way and began to prepare for the lesson. He knew that he needed to apologize to Charlie for how he’d behaved the day before, but he didn’t want to text her an apology. Even he knew that wasn’t cool. Some stuff deserved to be said out loud, whether he could hear it or not. Hopefully, he could stop by her place later. In the evening, he decided. She deserved that.
“Color?”
“See, this is a great place for a first date. Low pressure, just you and me.”
“Yeah, January twenty-fourth.”
“Me? Why?” Castiel spluttered.
“Sure, until you decide to stick an axe in something,” Castiel muttered dryly.
As much as Castiel loved watching Dean’s skin bloom crimson under his palm, he loved this too: smoothing the healing, softening oil across Dean’s thighs, delicate and careful, making sure he got every angry, swelling spot of skin. Taking care of his sub, giving them the attention that they deserved after the exquisite gift that they had just given
“It’s really nice out here,” Dean commented as they left the path to wander across the grass, bypassing the children’s play areas in favor of a tall grove of old oak trees, often favored by photographers of the town for weddings and senior portraits.
Biting his lip, Dean regarded them for a long moment.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean mumbled, one hand flopping back to cover his eyes. “I know you said we had to be quick, but Jesus Christ, are you trying to kill me?”
Dean crumbled; any resistance was simply eroded away by Castiel’s watery, desperate tone. He dropped down to his knees in the wet sand so that there was barely more than an inch of difference in height between their heads, twisting his hand around to grasp Castiel’s wrist in turn.
“Wake up the Officers,” Castiel echoed. “That—that’s it? That’s all you have? It’s rather… mediocre, as plans go, isn’t it?”
“And now you got to meet him. So, I take it he was one of the under-forties?”
“Me too,” Dean said easily, smiling at Castiel evenly. He made zero effort to move, or to lean in and kiss Castiel goodbye, or suggest that he came in. In fact, he was grinning as if—
Claire’s brow crinkled in question, and her dark-purple painted lips parted, so Castiel went ahead before she asked.
“Hello, Balthazar.”
Dean chuckled. “I only have one brother, but we’re really close, so it’s been weird only having phone calls. We usually have dinner together a couple of times per week. Just at each other’s homes. Y’know, cooking together, having a beer, that kinda stuff. I miss it.”
Dean didn’t get to say whatever his lips were parting to say, and Castiel didn’t get to apologize any further. To their left, a gaggle of Castiel’s colleagues swooped in, vying for Dean’s attention.
Dean took it, smiling gratefully. “Thanks. Gonna sit with me?”
They crossed the road once they left campus and kept going, Dean leading Castiel up the street to the parking garage where he usually left Baby during classes. Once they were close, Dean stuck his hand into his coat pocket and wrapped his fingers around Castiel’s car keys, pulling them into his palm.
Ms. Moseley wasn’t too difficult to understand, obviously used to making sure that she spoke clearly and slowly without managing to slip into the gross, fucking
Castiel’s palm felt hot against his own. Dean looked down, smiling at Castiel’s elegant, strong fingers. For another moment they didn’t move, and Dean noticed Castiel looking down just as he was.
Around the soft-looking edge of each of the gills were worrying dark lines, crumbly patches of dark dirt that clung to the flushed flesh within each of the slim cavities. Moistening the white washcloth he held, Dean reached to turn off the tap—the water was finally almost to the top of the tub—and settled himself more comfortably on his knees to begin clearing the soot from Castiel’s skin.
Thicker at the base and tapering to a tip, Castiel’s dick was a little pinker than the rest of his skin, sinuously slipping out of the opening where it had been concealed and snaking through the air like a quivering, eager, octopus arm.
for being a fantastic beta and person.
Dean straightened up slowly, his face and shoulders entirely coated in thick, chunky carbon dust from the pipes and chimney. He had his eyes squeezed shut, keeping them that way as he grumpily stated, “Yup. Definitely a bird’s nest.”
After only a few seconds, it happened again—a banging, scraping kind of noise with a squeaky quality to it that Castiel couldn’t place. He pushed himself up onto his elbows, and the soft cotton sheet that he’d thrown over himself to sleep—the air conditioning-less house far too hot at night for anything else—slipped down to pool around his stomach.
“Oh,” said Claire, in a slightly strange tone. Seeing that Castiel had his pastry plate in one hand and his bag of tools and nails in the other, Claire carried his coffee over to one of the small tables for him, not far from the register. “And what did Dean say about that?”
As if he could sense Dean’s lungs beginning to burn, Castiel flicked his tail once more and rocketed them up through the ocean of stars.
Panic not, lovely folks. A minor issue that aids in delivering you my favorite chapter of them all, coming up!
The biggest thanks, of course, has to go to
“Cas did. Cas came back from the Empty, somehow. If he got out, other angels can.”
Castiel thought, moving the flowers over to the window where they’d get more sun. He plucked one of the royal blue dayflowers out of the vase and spun it slowly between his forefinger and thumb as he made his way outside.
Castiel smiled nervously, admitting, “That’s the problem.”
“I had no idea you’d be so handsome,” Castiel confessed. “The portraits of you as a young man that hang in Winchester Hall do you no justice at all. The man I corresponded with…he was my best friend. And I cared for him deeply, more than was appropriate, I knew. But then you came home, and you reached out to greet me at your card party.”
Abandoning his suitcase for a moment, Castiel wandered a few steps to the left, holding his phone in the air like there was even a chance this forsaken, derelict place would let him have a single bar.
Outside, chill night air burst into Dean’s sinuses, making his nose tingle as he huffed in deep breaths, cooling down. Spotting a stretch of empty wall farther from the door, Dean slid his arm down from Castiel’s shoulders to catch his wrist, tugging him toward it.
Bellbird Valley Inn was finally opening to the public. Just three final things to check off.
“Welcome to Harrington’s!” Dean announced, plastering on his patented 1950s ‘please tip well’ smile before the door was even fully open.
Dean blinked down at his lap, and the cellophane wrapped bundle of gorgeous, hand-bound red roses; an even dozen, by Dean’s quick count. For just a second, it felt like Dean’s ribcage constricted around his heart before releasing him again. “Cas…thank you,” he said, his voice coming out huskier than he intended as he reached down to stroke at their deep crimson petals. “I don’t think anyone has ever bought me flowers before.”
“Yes,” Castiel replied, a little defensive. What was that supposed to mean? He’d been perfectly capable of doing things on his own before Balthazar—he still
Rock hard and desperate for relief, Dean strained to rock his hips and press his cock into the bench.
Dean swallowed, his eyes flickering down before he managed to look back up. “Thank you,” he managed after a moment, knowing that was what Castiel wanted; him to acknowledge his own worth.
“Dean,” Michael says, far too calmly, “Castiel didn’t die here. He was taken to the Empty in this spot, but he wasn’t killed in this spot.”
“Shut up.”
Firstly, of course, a huge, massive amount of love to Liz, because the project wouldn't exist in its current form without her enthusiasm. On Tumblr as
Ms. Moseley’s smile was kind, and she was already nodding. “You did mention that in your email, which is why I wanted to introduce to you one of our interpreters in ~~ he works with students like you, but he’s also an ASL instructor for several courses here. The aim is that he would ~~ classes with you, sign as a backup for you while you lipread, and be your classroom advocate.”
“More cramming?” Castiel asked, his head tilt looking more concerned than disapproving.
“Welcome. Looks like Cas just pulled up out front, by the way, so have fun. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do, but if you do, make me your alibi.”
“Ahh, yeah," the guy said, nodding. “Well, Mabel had a ton of tools in the barn at the back. I’ve got to go and meet my brother at Ellen’s for dinner, but you call me if you need any help, okay?”
Couldn't help myself!
“Of course, they’re my family,” Castiel responded instantly.
A.I. on board.”
As bald and boring as ever, Adler strode into the room from the side door, indicating he’d been passing the time in his office drinking weak tea and under-grading student’s papers. The usual.
With a slow smile, Castiel handed Dean the pen. “Deal,” he said. Before they began, Castiel signaled for their waiter to bring Dean another whiskey and himself a black coffee. Once they were settled, Castiel reached across to pick his fork back up, digging in to take a tiny, testing taste of his cheesecake. “Mmm,” he said contentedly. “Very good. But not as good as yours.”
fucking old. It took a few attempts to get down the ladder to the floor, and if he tripped down the last step a little… well, what no one was around to see didn’t even happen.
Castiel shrugged, watching Dean with thinly veiled fascination as he jimmied the old-fashioned manual lock.
Deciding that his knees could just about do the work on their own by then, Dean began to shuffle slowly across the slick tile floor. “Are you supposed to be this sassy? Does Xenon know you’re talking like that?”
“Airplane food?” Castiel asked. He wasn’t quite sure if that was really a question, but thankfully Dean seemed to take it as one.
Mal <3
In another life, where he wasn’t trying his hardest to stay on track and be someone who he could be proud of, he’d have walked across the bay to where Cole was jacking up a rusted Chrysler Crossfire and punched him out cold.
, but he knew he couldn’t. With a growing buzzing in his chest, though, Castiel realized with full force that
- Mal
“Anyway,” Castiel continued, still refusing to look at Dean at all, “it was a tough course and I got more burnt out than I thought. I made a miscalculation. It was so small, but…”
Unoffended, as most people here tended to be, she smiled as if to say,
Castiel wanted to curl up on the ground and die.
Dean gave her a questioning look. She ignored him, looking back down at the clipboard before striding off across to the other side of the work area.
Rolling onto his side, Castiel pulled the starchy sheet up over his shoulder and pushed his phone away across the bed, message unsent.
Dean spread a hand dramatically over his heart and fanned his face with the other before responding. “Careful Cas, we’re in public. Don’t get a guy excited.”
His determination was somewhat fruitless, as sitting with Castiel under the soft lighting, relaxed and comfortable, kept his whole body simmering a low level of arousal throughout the entire meal. The way that Castiel looked at him while they chatted, like Dean was the most interesting thing in the world, did little to lower the dial, and then watching Castiel moan around his steak made the whole effort a lost cause. Surreptitious under-table chubby it was.
“Well, it’s wonderful to have you joining our little town,” the softer one said then, reaching across the counter to offer a tanned, warm hand. “I’m Kaia. This is Claire, my fiancée. Anything you need, you just let us know. Claire bites, but she means well, I promise.”
Curling his palm around the feather-light, oval piece of tech—as if that would help at
Thanks to years of experience with this, Dean could guess—with fair reliability, he thought—that Castiel was cupping his hand, keeping his fingers together to cause more of a deep
The cheesy, happy ending that they deserve and that I promised all along.
After dropping his broken phone off with Ash at the seriously dodgy, odd-smelling RV that Dean had recommended behind the café—and what an experience that had been—Castiel decided to while away the time that it was being fixed by grabbing a coffee and a snack at the Roadhouse. Preferably, he thought quietly to himself, a snack that Kaia had made, rather than Claire.
And fuck, was he glad it’d turned out this way.
Dean gulped hard—he’d never been super-comfortable with the magic stuff. Yeah, it got things done, but there was usually a cost, a cost that he was never all that comfortable paying. But Sam was better at this kinda thing than he was, and he promised Dean that this would be fine.
“I’ve got an appointment with Ms. Moseley,” Dean said carefully at the desk, enunciating to the best of his ability.
“Sounds like an asshole.”
Slamming the last of the unknown doors open with another cry of, “Run!” Dean sent a fully transformed werewolf tearing away up the corridor. Turning his attention to door number thirteen, Dean quickly selected the last key he needed—the old fashioned one, with the slanted, odd-looking not-quite-a-thirteen engraved on it.
“She’s…” Dean searched for a word but gave up. “Fine. She’s just fine. A little overly formal maybe, but she seems alright.”
Both of which, Dean was
The bed was still cozy from Dean’s presence, and Castiel indulgently rolled into the warm spot he’d left, snuggling down into the pillow. Yesterday had been… Castiel’s heart fluttered in his chest at the recollection. It was corny, and cheesy, and Castiel should have cringed at how ridiculous it was, but even so…the whole day had been one of the sweetest in Castiel’s memory. Hanging out with Dean, driving with Dean, having Dean in his bed.
“What are you waiting for?” Castiel asked breathlessly, withdrawing his hands and pressing them to the insides of his thighs, displaying himself shamelessly as his cock leaked against his stomach. “I want that cock inside me, Dean.”
Dean climbed awkwardly into the Gremlin—Charlie loved the little thing, but it was definitely not a car built for a man of Dean’s height or build, or for anyone who had crazy things like
Thank you so much for all of your lovely comments on this fic! I so enjoy answering them.
“Happy tears,” Dean checked.
Flu was a bitch.
A few minutes of scurrying back and forth around the kitchen, locating the things Dean had already put away amongst the piles of things he hadn’t, and then they were contentedly rifling through the containers and scooping noodles onto plates.
Dean needed no further encouragement. He pressed a kiss to the flushed head of Castiel’s dick before wrapping his lips tight around it, sucking firmly on the tip before he inched down, straining forward on the bench so that he could rest half of Castiel in his mouth. He worked the underside of Castiel’s cock, rubbing firm circles over the sensitive bundle of nerves beneath the head with the tip of his tongue.
porn, but it was pretty damn close.
“I have to try,” Dean said. All of the anger drained out of him, and he was ready to get down on his knees and beg if it would’ve helped. “Please. I have to try.”
“Yes,” Castiel said solemnly. “I do believe I can actually do that.”
“Uh—yes. I, uh—a little pick me up,” Castiel said, trying his best to appear awkward rather than
If Dean occasionally wondered what Castiel looked like, what he sounded like, if he smiled when he walked through the woodlands Dean had grown up hunting in...those were secret thoughts for him alone.
. He ran his thumb over the peeling label before adding it to the pile. He’d picked out the original, 1982 tape before he’d left the bunker, knowing exactly what he wanted to listen to, what he wanted to get firmly set at the forefront of his mind.
I know you were all waiting for their baby-step communication to go further, and I promised no torture or angst in this fic, so... here you go, readers!
“I wasn’t supposed to begin until after the break,” she continued explaining, signing. “But I was available today, and my supervisor at the Access Center thought it was better if I jumped in as soon as possible.”
“Couldn’t sleep?” Castiel frowned gently.
“Dean,” Sam is softer, but still determined. “Maybe there’s—”
Brothers. They were all the same.
“Cas, I want you,” Dean said, letting his voice rumble deep and throaty between them.
“And the feathers… Dude. I know I’m only seeing the old, damaged ones, but man, those things are impressive. The size alone, and then the color—that shimmery thing you’ve got going on? Very cool.”
“Who said I did?” he snapped, the words out before he could tell his own brain to take a hike. “It’s just a damn sandwich—I’m capable of just being
So, once Castiel had brought up the idea of them going on a date, he was pretty pleased. Things were different with Castiel than they’d ever been with anyone else, for Dean—this didn’t feel like a casual thing, it never had, even when it hadn’t
“’Course,” Dean agreed. “But how about we do this ritual first? I’ve got salt and sand in places I don’t even want to think about, and it’s so cold out here my self-esteem is taking a hit.”
“You woke Cas up for PT!” Dean complained right back.
Castiel’s eyes grew round and huge. “Dean, how—where? Where did you find that?”
There was certainly no requirement to be masked at the club—almost everyone here knew each other. But for Dean, and a couple of other members who did the same, it was a headspace thing. Putting on his mask let him lose the connection to
“Your prayer.” Castiel nodded. “Of course I remember.”
Dean wondered if Castiel could feel the thumping in his chest. They stood like that for a minute, wrapped in each other, warm against the cool night. Then Castiel pulled back, just enough to free his hands and give Dean the space to observe them.
“So, this man not only neglected safety procedures and caused you injury, but is the same man that has been disrespectful and disruptive before?”
“Come on,” said the guy. “Tell me where you’re headed.”
Dean smiled crookedly. “Yeah, I did,” he said.
that had slithered beneath his skin…that had taken far longer to fade than he was proud of. When he’d worn the Mark, he’d tried to sate it with blood, and pain, and sex, and booze, but it hadn’t even begun to scratch the itch.
I hope you've all had a good week, and I'll see you in two more weeks with a new chapter! If you want to be notified of that (or my soon to be posted DCBB, or several other surprises) please click
Snapping his head immediately over toward the person who, he assumed, had tripped over him, Dean blinked. “It’s you,” he said. “Star Wars girl.”
Dean thought that sounded uncomfortably like the special treatment and “sticking out like a sore thumb” he’d been so determined to avoid, but with Bobby and Jo’s eager faces still in the back of his mind, he swallowed his pride and nodded slowly. “Alright.”
“Was that okay?” Dean asked, bringing his hand up to rest on Castiel’s cheek, tugging him a little closer. He wrapped one leg up over Castiel’s tail, entwining them.
to be there. But they weren’t.
Dean couldn’t really argue with that, no matter how much he wanted to. He looked over at Castiel, who was still busy looking pissed. “Well, fine. But I get the top bunk at least.”
“Michael! Close it!” Dean screams into the speaker frantically. “Do it now!”
P.S. YouTube isn't the only place online where you can
Chilling options, neither of which Dean and Castiel spoke of. They simply rode back to the dormitory in silence.
“It’s fine until she wants to sneak off somewhere with her girlfriend Dorothy, and I’m left standing around with all these frat boys half a decade younger than me.” Dean grinned, pausing to knock his elbow gently against Castiel’s before he signed, “I was wondering if you’d want to go. Keep me company?”
Jo’s face creased up in displeasure. “Only because he ignores me, thinks a woman can’t do this job at all.”
“Nothing,” Castiel said, frowning as he lowered himself into the tiny booth seat. “He didn’t text me back at all.”
“This is Castiel Shurley,” Bobby boomed out almost proudly, as if he was as chuffed as anything to have information that Dean didn’t. “He’s the new owner of Bellbird Valley Farm, and he wants your number.”
“So, you’re desperate to offload it,” Castiel said skeptically.
For a moment Castiel didn’t move, just gazing back at Dean. But then his face softened, falling into a shy, soft, little smile. The expression was totally at odds with the way that Dean usually saw Castiel: self-assured, in control, almost intimidating. This, Dean realized, was a whole other part of Castiel that simmered beneath the surface, a part that he was being allowed to see—perhaps he’d been allowed to see for a while, if he thought about it.
Dean can’t, can’t deal with that right now. He squeezes his eyes shut and curls his shoulders forward.
“As I was tryin’ to say,” Bobby continued, “a very nice man from OSHA came down to inspect the shop. Now, obviously I let ‘em see whatever they wanted. We ain’t got anything to be ashamed about around here; we do our jobs and we do ‘em right.”
I hope you enjoy this chapter!
“Only part of it?” Dean asked, switching his movements to smooth strokes, as if he could soothe away whatever tension had suddenly rolled through Castiel’s body. He craned his neck up a little, trying to take in Castiel’s expressions as he spoke. “Am I doing something wrong? Is there anything else I can do?” he asked, concerned.
“Extra lettuce and tomato for me, and a poorly disguised bacon sandwich for you.”
“Should I ask you again?” Dean said.
“Ahh, don’t give up hope, Cas,” Dean quipped, grinning even though Castiel couldn’t see him. “You’re not dead yet.”
Sam blinked.
Jess laughed, her freshly curled blonde hair bobbing about her head. “Come along Dean, you know we had to celebrate your return. A small card party, you simply must let me.”
Dean watched Castiel’s back retreat across the diner and out of the door, slamming open the door rather more loudly that was called for. He hesitated, looking back at Michael.
Dean bit his lip, needing no further encouragement to let go of Castiel’s dick and sit back on his heels. With Castiel’s legs spread invitingly on either side of him, Dean took a few minutes to massage his way down the inside of Castiel’s thighs, kneading roughly at them in a way that made Castiel bite his lip and groan.
Castiel smiled fondly. He was used to Dean documenting all kinds of things, from their lunch dates to lectures. It was just a hazard of dating a ‘social media personality,’ he supposed, and it didn’t bother him much. But Dean had been
“Oh God, we’re all gonna die.”
“But I don’t want to keep you from your life, from more important—”
Castiel let out a low Russian curse, his fingers tightening on Dean’s crown. Dean couldn’t help but be delighted by it; Castiel rarely cursed in English, let alone in Russian. Dean always considered it a sign of a job well done.
“Yeah. I’ve been doing a little mer magic. Sam did the research, of course, I’m just the guinea pig. Turns out you guys really like things pure and salty.”
“You had a concussion, Dean.”
For the first time in Dean’s recent memory, Castiel smiled, soft and small. He nodded, shrugging his shoulders to help Dean with the coat. He began to undo the buttons of his dress shirt as Dean folded the coat onto the back of his desk chair. Turning toward the bed, Castiel looked over Dean’s attempts once more.
, and that was
Dean frowned. “No, after that. When I asked why you can’t wake up the Officers—”
“Come on my cock,” Castiel commanded, his accent curling around the words and making them just another form of arousal, for Dean.
“Get in here, Cas,” Meg said as she stepped to the side, holding the door. “What are you doing hovering in the hallway?”
The water flew from the glass, right into the middle of the circle.
sorry. I would have made a different choice if I’d have had more information, but I didn’t.”
First of all: How are you doing this week? I can't believe that it's May already. Where I live the temperature is starting to soar (meaning that my pale, pale self will be hiding indoors now until September). I hope you're enjoying the season change where you live, whichever hemisphere that may be. Every time I see on the news how different countries are coping better or worse with Covid now, I wonder how my friends and readers from that country are faring. Here's hoping we call all see solid improvement soon, no matter where we are.
Greedily tilting his head into Castiel’s hand, hoarding every new touch now that he could, Dean reached across the bed to settle his arms more firmly around Castiel, in a true embrace, before grinning and asking, “Your wings? You know I can’t see those, right? Just the feathers when they drop out.”
Yeah, maybe Dean was petty—no, no, he wasn’t. His guilt was non-existant. That fucker deserved it.
Castiel hesitated, but only for a moment, before lifting his chair and moving around the desk with it. “It will be easier,” he said, though Dean thought it sounded mostly like he was convincing himself.
holy shit.
Dean’s jaw aches; apparently he’s gritting his teeth. “So, you’re saying all these other asshole angels get to drop back down to Earth, every winged dick that strutted themselves onto the sharp edge of an angel blade gets sent back, and yet the Empty gets to keep
what he’d meant. He chanced a look over at Castiel again—his expression didn’t seem to have changed at all. But, when Dean looked closely  at him, he smiled his slight smile and reached across to tap at Dean’s schedule.
Castiel’s breathing was loud, musical pants falling from his lips as Dean’s chin lolled down to his chest, moaning. The old patchwork quilt beneath his back was already damp with sweat and lube, and Castiel wasn’t even inside him yet—the thought made Dean gasp and bite down on his lip.
“You wanna be my boyfriend, Cas?” he asked, giddy and grinning and buzzing in his seat, reaching across the tabletop to stretch out his hands, palm up.
Dean’s expression was somewhat skeptical, one eyebrow shifting fractionally upward as he regarded Castiel. Castiel couldn’t decide if he was judging his DIY skills or his music, but either made him a bit prickly.
Taking a deep breath, Castiel approached the door of the empty classroom that had been selected for the potluck. Classes had mostly finished early; very little actual teaching was happening so early in the semester. Even in Castiel’s own classes, which were known to be a tough pass, he was mostly still reviewing what they should already know. Or, at least, what most students should already know. He’d already given up on Nick entirely. Despite the early finish, Castiel had procrastinated, dragging his feet, and was probably one of the last professors to arrive. It was awkward but better than being too early, he figured.
“You said work it out,” Castiel said pointedly, lining up the rest of the tiny glasses on Dean’s sternum. “Now don’t move, we’ve had enough plansh…
“That’s what I was saying!” the petite redhead that had switched seats with Dean in Adler’s math class said. “Of all ~~ people I could have tripped ~~ it ~~ person I cleared space for earlier!”
But right now, everything stung and he just wanted to crawl into a hole and cry, lonely and defeated.
“Film,” Gabriel answered proudly. “I’m going to be an amazing porn director.”
This might be an underground creature brothel, but Dean was already certain there was only one monster here.
Dean grabbed at Castiel’s thigh, digging his fingers into tight muscle as he hauled Castiel more firmly against him.
and Dean couldn’t help a little chuckle. He couldn’t blame him, though; he felt very similarly himself. He was bubbling inside, waiting to wake up any second.
Castiel laughed. “Indeed. Not at all. People can look all they wish, showing you off in every way will be delightful. But no touching. I have a low tolerance for people not keeping their hands to themselves.”
Though, Dean supposed, if you went through life looking like that, Dean’s reaction probably was entirely normal.
“It’s just good service,” Dean said, prickling.
“But if…” Dean swallowed harshly after a minute, his eyes pinned desperately to Castiel’s sternum, tracing the lines of the Led Zeppelin logo. He wasn’t sure what was happening, how they’d been at cross-purposes for so long, but he felt something rising up inside that he was desperately trying—but failing—to stamp down. “…say that I did want to help? To be that, for you…”
Rolling his eyes as he moved, Castiel opened a cabinet and frowned, searching, before trying another. “Plates?” he signed, straightening back up.
“Why are you calling?” Castiel couldn’t help but snap. Yes, Bellbird Valley was a long way from the fancy stores he was used to, and yes, he still hadn’t replaced his damned yoga mat, and yes, he would probably murder a fair few people in return for some really good sushi. But that wasn’t the
“Ahh, so that’s why you’re less of an anxious asshole than usual.”
- Mal <3
As he pulled back, Castiel’s eyes widened with guilt, or possibly shame, or some other emotion that Dean knew Castiel deserved better than to experience.
Luckily, Sam knew Dean far better than he knew himself, even after six months of trying to untangle his own crap. So, Sam just reached across the bar, shoving his still-full whiskey glass at Dean, and signaled for another. Then he smiled, keeping the intense proudness of it pointed firmly down at the counter, and said, “You picked a good one. Cas’ll run circles around you. Or…swim circles, I guess?”
“Michael’s here,” Sam continues. “He’s waiting.”
might be the one who was going to cry, and he let go of Castiel’s shoulder with an embarrassed huff.
Suddenly, Dean thought
Anyway, now that’s out the way, let’s get back to our boys!
Dean nodded. “Alright. So why us?”
Grin widening, Castiel nodded, bigger that time.
It had been a while since Dean had done this, but even so, he remembered how. With his other hand at Castiel’s hip, soothing small circles around the sharp jut of bone with his thumb, Dean slid a fraction further forward. The smooth tip of Castiel’s cock slipped across the roof of Dean’s mouth and back, into his throat, as Dean breathed out through his nose and relaxed, loosening his jaw.
“I know it’s not ideal, Dean, but I don’t know what else to do. I have to find some toilet paper and there’s no way I can take Bobbi to the store. You know she has asthma.”
“See,” Claire said, “I knew he’d be an apple man.”
Biting his lip, Dean tried not to chuckle at how utterly forlorn she looked. “Look, breathe. It’s fine. You didn’t know.”
Dean could tell from the expression on Eileen’s face (and, of course, the fact that she’d just whacked him with a lamp) that something was very wrong. Holding up his hands in front of himself, Dean backed up carefully, his feet scrambling for purchase on the tacky carpet.
************************
Dean opened his mouth to bellow straight back—but by some miracle managed to bite his tongue. He balled his fists, and took a long, deep breath. “Look, b—Cas. Cas. We don’t know each other. We’re stressed and scared and getting off on the wrong foot, yeah? So how about we both just try and calm the fuck down, and work out how to make this little bonding exercise as short as possible?”
Castiel shook his head. “I’m not very well versed in some aspects of pop culture, I’m afraid.”
“This is okay?” Dean asked softly, shifting his lightly trailing touches to slightly firmer ones, still gentle but definitely stroking by then, rubbing delicately at the warm, oily patch of skin.
Thanks, as always, go to
“That’s different,” Castiel argued. “Not everyone has the same opportunities, the same family—"
luscious, Dean was forced to admit.
had several huge cafeterias and various other spaces for eating, much of the ship functioned from vending machines to accommodate many thousands of different preferences and eating schedules. Dean was intimately familiar with the machines, having maintained them.
Dean reached back, sliding his hand up the leather of the guy’s thigh to his crotch, teasing his fingers right past the outline of his growing cock in the fabric. Dean felt the chest behind him swell with a shuddering breath; he ground his ass back, shameless, encouraging. This was exactly what he’d come here for.
For a long minute, he just held it. Wrestling with himself, frustrated that…well, that he was the way he was.
The egg sandwiches were perfect. Castiel was watching the top of his coffee swirl and steam, leaning into Dean’s warm side, when his phone buzzed on the nightstand.
“Tell me your two favorite kinks, so that I can choose between them for tonight.”
“I take offense at the suggestion that—”
Dean’s hand slid across the sand to tangle with Castiel’s, the soft swimming webs between his knuckles stretching gently around Dean’s fingers. Castiel gripped him back tightly.
With a heavy blink, Michael’s face relaxed and Adam’s calm smile rolled back across his features as he reached for his abandoned hush puppies. Scooping up a mountain of ketchup, he sucked it off the end of the dough before using the crispy chunk to point at Dean with a quick wink. “Amara, of course,” he said.
“Perhaps we should stop staring at the sky and actually talk to MEG,” Castiel suggested with a tight smile.
Dean pocketed his phone. He knew asking Castiel for help was the right thing to do—even if it had involved an awful amount of squinting. He felt a strange lifting in his chest (different from the one he usually got in anticipation of seeing Cas) and it took him a moment to place it as
There was a stumbling sound, a low curse, and a smash.
“Ahh,” Dean said knowingly, his grin only growing more wicked. “Both, then,” he added with a smooth wink.
The terms “deaf-mute” and “deaf and dumb” are generally considered very offensive (some d/Deaf people choose to reclaim the term “deaf-mute” but unless you are part of the community, it is best left alone). Hael is simply deaf and does not speak. As easy as that.
Hello, hello!
“What do you do for them, then?” Dean wasn’t about to admit all of his baggage to this unknown dude just yet, but...it’d be nice to know if there were options.
Dean flinched, his head snapping up. His eyes felt wide and sticky as they landed on Castiel, and he moistened his lips automatically before saying, “Damn it, Cas, you made me jump.”
“What do you mean?” Dean asked, pausing in the doorway, his eyes seeking out Castiel’s.
Castiel looked, too, his lips slightly parted.
to keep fighting, Dean, you hear me?”
Michael frowned slightly, a series of wrinkles building across Adam’s brow, but he didn’t disagree.
Thank you for all the feedback about my next fic, the Deaf Dean mature student AU. The majority of you seem to want me to post it after this fic is done, so that's what I will do! I can't wait to share it with you all.
Alright,
sound as the bedroom door shut.
“Because now I’m way too far awake, and I need to piss and drink coffee.
Dean blinked and slowly reached out, skimming his fingers across the bedding to gather them until they formed a tiny pile. Then he used his other hand to flick them into the curve of his palm, scooping them up. They rested darkly against his skin, a rainbow shimmer highlighting their edges.
“He did this for you, Dean. All of it, always; it was for you,” Sam had reminded him gently.
“Hey,” he said, before Castiel had time to wrap his fingers back around Dean. “Lemme show you something.”
Still, I don't like to keep you all waiting. So here it is: Dean and Cas' date!
“Don’t waste time, Dean. Not even a second,” Sam cautions.
the monsters, and a dose of farmers market cuteness with toddler Jack. What's not to love?
He was so
Castiel—Mr. Shurley—parted his lips to say something more, but the clattering arrival of the widowed Lady Mills and all five of her daughters put a stop to further conversation.
“I can still teach you to sign, Dean, if you still want that,” Castiel said, shifting shyly in his seat before he added, “Just in a different capacity. Instead of being your interpreter, I could just teach you as my boyfriend, instead.”
- Mal <3
“Cas,” Dean said, softening his voice. He shuffled forward on his knees, waving his hands to indicate that Castiel should sit down on the edge of the mattress and pass him the shirt. “I’m no expert in angel-anything, let alone wings, but I know that yours are awesome, even after the fall.”
- Mal <3
Professor Adler greeted the students, Dean guessed, with a vague shift of his lips that indicated he wasn’t in the best mood, his paper cup of watery tea looking even more sickly than usual as he placed it on the little-used podium.
Concerned, Castiel poked his head out of the door, looking up and down the platform. Well, “platform” was generous. The station was a small stage of concrete slabs for the train to pull up against. Weeds and knee-high grass grew between most of them, and a sad little vine trailed up the wooden support that held the corrugated iron sheets which formed the station’s “roof”. It was little more than a rain shelter with a train track running next to it. From the cracked plastic side of the shelter, a sign poked out across the platform: “Welcome to Bellbird Valley”.
“I’m not!” Dean protested, angry even though he knew he had no right to be. He wasn’t the person here who should be furious.
“Cas!” Dean tried to call him back, tried to speak sense—though he knew perfectly well that with the burn of the Mark sizzling in your veins, there’s no such thing—and reached out to grab at his arm again.
(See the end of the chapter for
was flapping in the breeze, for crying out loud—shit, was that his Astroglide under that bush? He’d buy more, he wasn’t going to draw attention to that.
“I—I’m sorry, Sir,” Dean choked out.
Their eyes met, and Dean enjoyed Castiel’s delightfully sharp gaze while he carefully put down his drink to sign, “That was some of it.”
The door clicked as it was unlocked but didn’t budge; it was heavy, even if rotting and covered in a sheen of mossy damp.
Dean should have been nervous, but as he gulped and lowered himself to the edge of the mattress, all that filled him was a deep sadness. This was wrong, wrong, wrong.
What had Chuck been up to? And where was Eileen?
Their faces were only inches apart as Dean turned to look back at him. “Nah, why would I? Graywater recycling just makes sense,” Dean said, before adding slightly more softly, “and even if I didn’t like it, I’d still do it for you.”
Dean nodded and gave him a little smile before taking the lid off his own coffee cup so it could cool more quickly. “No problem. So…ready to talk?”
It was fine. It was safe.
That was true, Castiel consoled himself. Or at least, mostly true. He supposed all of the visitors that currently filled the Bellbird’s rooms didn’t really count. Castiel turned to Dean as they reached the bottom of the stairs, and pulled him close. He’d barely taken in a breath to begin to tell Dean how grateful he was for his support and their whole relationship, business or otherwise, when there was a piercing
Taking a moment to let his eyes adjust to the low emergency lighting that illuminated the whole building, Dean tucked his high-power flashlight into his jacket’s inside pocket. No need to draw more attention to themselves.
Slowly, Castiel reached for Dean’s biceps and tugged to make him rotate a quarter turn.
“I know, I know, I—” Dean squeezed his eyes shut again. He took a breath and tried again. “I’m sorry, man. This is stupid, I get it, but it…you were out for one day. Just one. And the second I didn’t have you there to hold my hand, I fucked up.”
“I think I’ve hit my limit, man,” Dean said, shaking his head. Drinking away his fear and misery didn’t work if it just kept popping up to haunt him. “I think I’m gonna head to bed.”
Castiel surged forward then, and Dean could feel the salty tears on his cheeks as he kissed Dean desperately.
Dean didn’t say anything, though he reached to take Castiel’s mug and begin clearing away the tray.
“Dunno, smart cookie. You work it out,” Dean drawled lazily, tilting his head to the side and attempting to get the bendy straw he’d obtained for his whiskey back into his mouth without moving. He was largely unsuccessful, chasing it around the glass feebly with his tongue.
“That’s a whole other thing, Sam. Those people don’t have to like me, that’s just sex. If we don’t communicate well, it’s not a big deal, because no one’s talking much if I do it right. And anyway, I haven’t done that for a long time,” Dean said, shifting uncomfortably in his seat.
“Fuck,” Dean let out softly, squeezing his eyes shut again in desperation. “Yes, Sir,” he agreed again, doing his best to hold still and be good so that he would finally, finally deserve Castiel’s hands on him.
Thank you, again. You are so appreciated!
Eileen, Charlie, Bobby, Donna...all gone. They don’t even have any bodies to bury, any ashes to spread. Just nothing.
Castiel nodded into Dean’s palm, then slipped his hand forward to Dean’s chest once more. His teeth grazed Dean’s neck softly as he signed,
“Was ask, yes,” Castiel said, chuckling, his chest reverberating against Dean’s. “Communication. I think we’re getting better.”
“You’re not wrong. Anyway, I need to go. I have so many cases to review, but the kids are treating Eileen’s last vestiges of sanity like an obstacle course.”
“Coming on partner, semen contact.” Dean looked up at Castiel and smirked, raising an eyebrow.
Still strangely cautious, Castiel lowered himself to the edge of the mattress, relinquishing the shirt to Dean. He was fully blushing by then; something Dean had only really seen at the hands of perky waitresses or occasionally Rowena, once Castiel had been on Earth long enough to start catching some of the flirty comments for what they were.
“Good,” Adler crooned revoltingly. “Here he is, Dean. Get it done.”
“Self-defense,” Castiel explained. “I learned to play with Gabriel, because it was much easier and less humiliating than trying to play against him. He’d start telling embarrassing stories from my childhood to throw me off.”
Drunk or not, Castiel pushed himself upright, sitting up straight on the couch. Next to him, Meg grumbled, kicking him in the thigh as she opened one bleary eye before pulling the couch throw over her head.
. You're also welcome to follow me on
, or check out my
Claire laughed, then, pushing herself up from the table, her hands still resting on the edge of it. “Oh no, Cas. I think,” she said quietly, her tone secretive and accented with a corny wink, “that Bellbird Valley’s most eligible bachelor might be quite keen on you.”
“And you are?” Sam asked.
Gabriel’s voice was cold, hard, and dangerous as he looked back at Dean, but down in his strange, whiskey colored eyes, Dean could see more—could see guilt, and sorrow. “Some of us wanted to, human. But there are rules.”
Smiling—wide and gummy in the way that made Dean’s heart clench—Castiel shuffled a little closer, careless of the cooling mess on their skin, and took Dean’s hand from his cheek. He turned it, pressing a long kiss into Dean’s palm, his eyelids fluttering shut as he whispered, “I love you—so much. Thank you.”
Castiel smiled indulgently. “Many things.”
“Congratulations, Cas,” he joked. “You now know more about me than anyone in the world, other than possibly my brother.”
After only a second’s hesitation, Adler stepped back and walked up to the front row, approaching a red-headed girl about halfway along. He spoke to her briefly and pointed up to Dean’s seat. She turned, and Dean noticed that she was wearing a black shirt with a bright yellow Star Wars logo emblazoned across the front. Nodding cheerily, she grabbed a backpack—covered in more badges and pins than Dean had ever seen—from the seat beside the desk and bounded up the incline to where Dean sat.
If Castiel hadn’t written to him, hadn’t brought to the forefront of his mind the fact that there were people who still cared about Dean, worrying about him as he fought the French…would he have come home?
Don't mind the dust, make yourselves at home.
“Where do you think I’m going? I’m gonna go fix your goddamn sink, asshole, and get your soup.”
Dean bit his bottom lip, before releasing it to let out a little moan. He
And that's all she wrote!
of the mattress as Fatback came to nose at the end of it, no doubt curious as to why Castiel hadn’t yelled at him since he’d come home. Castiel grumbled something into the pillow, but as his limbs felt like they were weighed down by lead, he merely rolled over and let Fatback get on with it.
Castiel was quiet again for a moment as his arm shifted, sliding out from under Dean’s to wrap over it, entwining their fingers across his stomach. When he spoke, he turned his head sideways to look back up at Dean again. “Can we fix it?”
It was much easier to commit once he got into the feel of it, bellowing his way through the first verse alone in the cove, just like he was driving in Baby with the windows down and not a care in the world.
like no human equivalent ever could, and Dean had never been so hard and desperate in his life.
Thanks so much for coming to check out chapter three! As mentioned last week, Dean makes a bit of a mistake here. But don't worry, it's nothing too terrible and it won't last long.
“Alright, Winchester,” he said to himself. “Time to get drunk like the world is ending.”
and nausea-inducing when he closed his eyes.
They got more comfortable with each other as the days went on, but everything was still very professional. Dean found himself wanting to know things about Cas, as he’d come to call him. Things that just didn’t seem terribly white-collar to ask in the midst of arguing over which sections of the software needed to include sales tax and which didn’t. Questions like, how old was he? He looked about the same age as Dean, maybe a little older, but Dean wasn’t the best judge of that kind of thing. Did he have a family? A partner of some kind? How did he like his eggs in the morning? Did he need help running his fingers through his hair?
It was a testament to Dean’s day that felt like a victory. “Thank you, MEG,” he said, as sweetly as he could.
“We really only have a few coping methods available to us, Cas.”
Dean leaned forward, pressing the heels of his hands down onto the edge of the table. “Okay, so we’ve found it. Think we should run down there now, before MEG is back up in our business?”
Charlie smirked, and Dean was instantly glad he hadn’t offended her. She looked younger than him, sure, but hardly like she’d just finished high school.
Castiel’s other hand trailed to Dean’s taint, pressing sharply in and
“Stay,” Castiel breathed out. He could feel Dean’s heartbeat racing beneath the stubble that led down to his neck, and it was an addictive, heady vibration.
He was ten minutes early—he wanted to make sure he had the correct room—but as it was the first day of school, he wasn’t the only one. Castiel arrived seconds after Dean, sweeping into the room in a crumpled beige trench coat. Dean couldn’t help but bite back a smile; this dude was incredibly hot (like, stop-drop-and-roll hot), but his fashion sense seemed to have been inherited from an accountant who slept under bridges.
Stormont Vail or University?
“That’s great,” Sam said, pulling his heavy camera bag from the backseat. He settled it carefully on his shoulder, cautious of the incredibly expensive Nikon camera that was nestled in foam within.
For a minute, Castiel stayed in place, carefully balanced on the edge of the mattress with his feet on the floor. Downstairs, he could hear loud voices laughing and joking in the kitchen, and banging noises and metallic clanging as Dean got to work fixing the busted up kitchen sink.
“You’re sure?” Dean checked. Of course, he
Dean rubbed his hands together and turned back to Castiel. “Alright, Cas—back to the drive room, then? Team meeting, get this barge fixed?”
Her demeanor was so warm and smiling that Dean actually believed her words, even if he missed one or two of them. He nodded, giving her a brief smile in return, but not quite sure what to say.
Castiel raised an eyebrow but said nothing—not wanting to push or forget his manners, Dean assumed.
Hope you've all had a good week. I know I have a couple of readers in Texas, and I've been thinking of you and your weather. I hope things are warming up and getting better!
“Alright,” Dean started again, quieter. Nervous, but sure. “I’m probably making a mess of it and missing a ton of things, but I’m doing the best I can. I read up on all of it—the whole molting thing, how it doesn’t really happen on Earth much, how you have to feel safe and stuff, about the nests and the molting companions and keeping the feathers… What I don’t understand is why you’re trying to hide it. Especially from me.” Dean paused, moistening his lips. Hell, he’d already said so much, what was the point in stopping now? “I know I’ve messed up a lot, Cas, not listened to you, not stood by you when I should. I can’t fix any of that. But, God, I—I didn’t realize that things were so bad that you’d—you’d never felt safe, and you didn’t trust me to even know—”
Dean almost dropped Castiel at that, but managed to steady himself. As he walked across the bare earth frontage of the cabin toward the gated steps that headed down to the isolated beach, Dean huffed out a low chuckle. “You’re a menace.”
“It’ll be fine,” Dean said, pulling Castiel down the stairs behind him. He appeared to be all confidence, but Castiel knew him well enough by now to know that Dean was almost as nervous as he was.
The douchey G-wagon full of spoiled frat kids had pulled out
Castiel came forward, slipping his fingers between Dean’s. The closer he got to the candlelight behind Dean, the easier it was to see his confused, suspicious expression. “You’re here early, you’re naked, there are candles everywhere…and you’re salty?”
Not able to argue, Dean just tugged him closer, aggressively hugging Castiel into his side and shaking his head against his temple. “You will be. We’ll work this out.”
“No, t-that’s not—I didn’t—” he said, his head jerking up to look at Castiel, wide-eyed. In the slightly brighter light of the private room, the sub’s irises gleamed the most brilliant, uncommon green.
“Well if you let me finish, boy, you might find out,” Bobby cautioned, his scowl bringing the brim of his cap further down on his brow, making him look spectacularly grumpy.
“Better than I thought they would,” Dean replied, smiling in relief as he stepped aside to let a tall woman with a giant tub of popcorn and a guy with an armload of hotdogs move past him toward the other end of the movie theater. “I think I did okay. I actually felt like I knew what I was doing.”
Balthazar was still quietly waiting, to his credit.
Dean stayed in place; his eyes locked with Gabriel’s.
“I am,” Castiel said, chuckling wetly, one hand leaving Dean’s arm to dash away his tears. “I am happy. Overwhelmed, but happy. It’s been so long since I could even remember the feel of waves, Dean. So long.”
“Great,” Castiel signed. “I’m starving. For some reason, at these church things it’s always either overly sweet cakes or heavy casseroles…nothing in between.”
The muscle car rumbled off down the driveway, taking nameless dildo man with it, and Castiel gave out a long sigh.
For a while, they had gone back and forth. Castiel had come back to the bunker with Dean, learned how his memory foam mattress felt and declared that they needed one at the cabin, too. Dean and Sam had taught Castiel to hunt, and he’d been the most powerful ally they’d ever had—taking down whole nests of vampires at speed, furious focus on his face and magic flashing around him.
just because you’re busy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you sure I can’t make Balthazar disappear?” she sighed. “You’re in the middle of
Dean nodded along. So far, the story was simple enough, and while folks with nothing better to do would talk of it, it was hardly as scandalous or uncommon as Castiel seemed to believe.
“I’m gonna get you drunk more often. I like you drunk, it loosens the stick in your ass.” Immediately, Dean raised a hand to cover his mouth.
Slowly, painfully slowly to Dean’s eyes, Castiel let go of the handle, his hand drifting gradually down to his side as he took in every inch of the room. Dean could see his gaze moving methodically over everything, taking it all in, his expression entirely unreadable.
“Just like Cain and Abel,” she said, shaking her head before moving her long, elegant fingers across to Dean and Castiel. “Or Cain and Collette, of course.”
As much as Dean wanted to dive straight into Baby and head off on an amulet hunt, it wasn’t quite that simple. As Sam pointed out, they had to find the “weird little museum” place first, and it turned out that America had a
He gripped his travel mug hard, protecting his precious coffee against the jostling of the sidewalk, running late for his train. Castiel wasn’t a late person, but he’d been tempted to call in sick and wallow in misery, and he’d only managed to snap out of it at the last minute.
Even though Dean could feel the remnants of a pink warmth at his cheeks that was the horrid result of using
“Yup.” Castiel popped the ‘P’. “Though you were here first, I can leave if you want.”
Dean shrugs. “Sounds like a Tuesday.”
At the sugary, yet earnest, Russian phrase, Dean dropped his eyes and raised his hand to adjust his tie. “Stop it,” he grumbled. “You’re going to make me blush in public with all your sappy shit.”
” Castiel moaned in agreement. “I would very much like to be inside you, Dean.”
Dean and Sam both waited.
“Dark. Filled with the first creations—you like to think of yourselves as the first, but you weren’t. There were trial runs, creatures that ended up in Purgatory, later. That biblical creation story…it’s more like a big clear-up. My brother started cleaning, and then when Earth was
Dean smirked. “Sure thing, Sam.”
They fucked slow and deep, muscles trembling as they built up together, pushing up on each other and sweating amongst the sheets as they gave up on using words at all.
The brass tap that Castiel hadn’t
With a small eye roll, Dean stepped forward. He reached for the wrench that Castiel had used to remove the pipe, spinning it in his hand so that the handle pointed upward. He leaned into the stove nook, resting his weight on the edge of the iron wood burner so that he could look up into the dark space Castiel had revealed. “It’s probably just accumulated soot,” he said, beginning to poke around with the wrench, “or a bird’s nest or something.”
That done, Castiel went straight back to the side of the bed with a bottle of water from the tiny fridge in the corner.
First, he pointed to his sternum. Alright, simple—that was the “I” part, Dean could handle that. Then, with his hands in fists, Gabriel crossed his arms over the middle of his chest. “Love,” he mouthed, clarifying the new sign before unfolding his arms to point at Dean. “You.”
“Not of you, just that I—that you didn’t
for other social media.
Mesmerized, Dean watched as Castiel’s hand approached the slit-like gap in his body, leading Dean’s gaze to it.
“Considering the bottom of a bottle by the sound of it.”
Castiel was never going to be able to jerk off to Hunter’s videos again—how
“Darling, we’ve talked about this!” Balthazar leaned back in his chair, still holding the napkin, and spread his arms like his words were a regret. “I like my space, you know how I am. I have a lot of friends over, and you don’t like my friends—”
“Best big brother ever.”
It took him several tries, waiting with the bag of salt in hand, to get all the candles to stay lit in the whipping wind. In the end, he buried them down low in the sand inside their glass jars, and dragged a driftwood log over to help shelter them. Whatever worked.
Looking up at the clock on the concrete wall, Dean decided he had time to look at the Firebird’s radiator, too, before he had to leave and begin the drive up to Manhattan for class.
Remember, if you simply MUST throw things at me, there's a pile of plushies and pillows available in the comment section. I bruise easily.
Castiel sighed, peeling a long strip of paper from the bottle. “I suppose when we talked about things I wasn’t good at, I should have said dating.”
Sam cleared his throat awkwardly for a moment before he repeated himself, clearly as unsure as Dean was about how Castiel would react to the news.
“That was impressive, Dean.”
So, he gave up and went back to bed. He still had Mabel’s old bed—an impressive wrought iron thing, but only twin-sized. Though, he had ordered a new mattress already. He figured that it didn’t much matter what size bed he slept in when the only other person who occupied it had hooves and a ham butt.
“One of your friend Crowley’s contacts! Once Uncle Zach mentioned the possibility, I did a little digging around and tracked him down. The new clients he’s working for would be willing to take it on, now it’s already renovated and not a risk to their portfolio anymore.”
“He was,” Castiel agreed. “I don’t know why I put up with him as long as I did. I just…I don’t know. I didn’t feel like I could leave, I guess.”
really went for it with this week's art! It's gorgeous, and sexy, and emotional, and
Castiel nodded, his expression falling. “You have every right to be upset. I planned on talking to you about it first, but it didn’t work out that way. Please, just let me explain.”
I'm so sad that this is over! But again, thank you. You're the best!
he sang at Castiel as he turned off the main road through Bellbird Valley and out further into the country.
Laughing openly, the guy watched as Castiel shoved the toy in the side pocket of his backpack. Who even cared if it stuck out a bit? The only other person in sight had already had an eyeful. Hell, he might as well fetch the lube from the shrubbery now, too.
Castiel frowned. “Nonetheless, you created the tool yourself from what you had on hand… I think that’s impressive.”
“If there’s even a chance,” Sam says, “you
They were all holding their breath as Amara raised a hand, gesturing vaguely between Dean and Sam, a concerning amount of amusement in her gaze.
“Uh, no…” Dean said, grimacing. “Got anything in plastic? A bottle?”
“I appreciate you coming to wait for me after class so you could explain in person,” Dean said, drawing his coffee cup back toward himself. “But you could have just texted me after your meeting, so I’d have seen it when I got to class, at least.”
Castiel stilled, seeming lost.
Adler, all weak tea, weak chin and wrinkly disposition, strode up to the front of the hall with a smug, slimy confidence that Dean instantly disliked. There was just something odious about the man—and it wasn’t really a comfort to know, from talking to his classmates and to Charlie and friends, that he wasn’t the only one to think so.
Dean blinked, coughed, and hurriedly took another bite of his own sandwich.
Damn, that angel made good coffee.
Castiel took out a package of baby wipes and swiftly wiped up his dried come from Dean's skin, before pulling clean underwear from the basket for Dean, then wrapping him in his arms, tugging him across the couch and into Castiel's lap.
Dean hasn’t let Castiel go in the slightest, though he does pull back enough to study his face as he says, “World almost ended. Same old. It had to wait, though, because I’m done with this dying habit of yours.”
Their fall back onto the mattress was controlled, and they easily met at the lips again once Castiel’s piles of pillows had caught them. They were both nude by then, both hard and wanting, their bodies allowing none of the subtlety that society forced them into daily.
“That definitely has a lot to do with it,” Dean said, grinning across at the swinging amulet. “Hopefully the old mer-lady back there won’t mind us borrowing it for Cas.”
“Will you ever tell me what happened?” Dean asked, nudging Baby to turn her toward the top of the hill.
Dean hadn’t even said he was into men—Claire had told him that. Yes, Dean was flirty, but that seemed to just be a default setting on his personality rather than anything genuine. Or so Castiel thought.
- Mal
It was Castiel’s turn to shush Dean, then, before trailing his lips down Dean’s body as he shuffled back on his knees, until he could take Dean into his mouth. His lips were hot around the tip of Dean’s exposed head, and it was all he could do not to thrust up into the wet heat.
Hello, folks!
‘baby’, Balthazar, least of all yours.”
Sam nodded, flicking his eyes across to Dean before he answered. “Castiel is our friend. My brother freed him from captivity and released him, but he still can’t be who he was.”
“My cottage is just beyond this wooded stretch—we should get dry before we catch a death, all of us.”
“That wouldn’t be fair to any of us,” Lydia from the arts building joined in, gesturing across the room. “Why don’t you come with us and meet the rest of the ladies, Dean?”
“I disagree, that’s what I have you for,” Dean said with a grin. “Many gentlemen have not a clue what goes on in their own business, you know.”
“I suggest you let it happen,” Michael says, surprisingly soft.
Dean opened his mouth, but Michael wasn’t done, his arm raising to point after Castiel. “He is not the angel you are used to. That is not your friend, or however you think of him—that is a monster. He is
Question of the week: Do you think this is going to be as easy for Cas as he's trying to act like it will? Is there anything specific that he might not be considering...? ;)
“No thanks to you,” Dean grumbled. “You were supposed to wake me after an hour.”
, he had no hesitation left as Castiel’s fingers caressed his chin, their faces together, nose to nose, forehead to forehead.
Cute.
“Ah, come on,” Dean said with a small shrug. “You knew I had to.”
Dean let his fingers brush entirely unnecessarily over Castiel’s skin as he pushed the shirt from his chest, letting the fabric bunch up around his wrists as he caressed his shoulders. Castiel smiled at the sensation, his eyes drooping in pleasure.
“Rushed up here to see you,” Dean said warmly. He gave up on the flashlight and tossed it up onto the beach, and let his eyes adjust to the dim light of the ring of candles behind him. As if it knew more light was needed, the moon struggled its way around the latest bank of clouds, illuminating the edges of Castiel swimming through the waves to the shore.
Dean nodded. Right. He didn’t want to talk. Got it.
“I can’t understand you,” Dean blurted, his knuckles white around
Today, though, he was going to put a dent in this farmhouse.
“Yeah,” Sam said softly. “Dean’s…broken, honestly, though he’d kill me for saying it. But he’s a good guy, and he cares about his family, his friends, his community, a lot.”
Castiel’s eyes dropped guiltily back to the broken table edge, and Dean watched his throat bob as he tried to work out what to say, how to explain, what words he could use that wouldn’t make Dean angry…that wouldn’t undo their truce, yet again.
The way Castiel looked straight at Dean when he spoke, in a way that many people seemed awkward or shy about doing, was a little unnerving. Dean needed people to look at him, but it was still unusual for someone to do it quite that
As it's the last chapter, though, I do have some thanks to give out!
“Yeah? More questions?” Dean asked, his body straining between the wood and Castiel.
Initially, Dean planned to wait outside the bathroom until Cas was done. Of
A trip to the bathroom showed Dean a sink which already had splashes of water in it, and a toothbrush placed on the side to dry that wasn’t his or Charlie’s. He smiled at it stupidly while he brushed his own teeth.
With a burst of bravery, Dean dipped his quill and pulled a sheet of paper toward him.
Castiel took a moment to wonder how everyone here had a “usual”. He’d never been to a place small enough—or been memorable enough, he supposed—to have a “usual” anywhere.
Of course, they wouldn’t be spending much time actually
against Dean’s jaw, and the drag of his mouth sent a gush of warmth through Dean’s chest, a heated tingling that his heart began to pump around his whole body.
For a moment there was another silence, more tense, before Sam spoke again.
Hannah? Did he not want to help Dean anymore? Did he not even want to see him? What was—
“I just—I never knew that about you.” Castiel said, frowning. “That you had relationships with men, I mean.”
“I’m terrible at anything remotely fashion related. I own one coat, and it takes me half an hour before a meeting or a date to even get my hair to sit flat.”
“It’s beautiful,” Castiel agreed, his response low.
Benny straightened up and walked over to Dean, slapping his shoulder firmly. “Don’t forget to do some
After several hours, Dean found himself standing in a group with Sam and Mr. Ketch, trying to keep up with their chatter about society despite having not traveled in it for over five years. His attention, suffice it to say, was wandering. He was looking over at a portrait on the far wall, trying to remember exactly which of his ancestors it was supposed to be, when he felt a faint prickle of attention at the back of his neck.
Because Castiel, Angel of the Lord, forgave him. Hell, Cas had never seen him that reprehensible, broken way in the first place. It’s so clear now.
“Seems like plenty of things work just the same, no matter the species,” Dean commented.
The longer Dean waited, the tighter his shoulders became, his gut full of angry, hissing, rolling anxiety.
“I said my luck was just
“I needed better lighting,” Castiel said, a tiny pout on his features that Dean desperately yearned to discover the taste of.
“You need to get that?” Dean asked with a raised brow.
Coming up: Dean and Sam have a case to solve, and Dean has to put himself out there.
Dean opened his eyes. “I love you,” he said.
Dean hoped the dude wasn’t afraid of mice or anything, but he didn’t expect the low, rumbling chuckle that fell from Castiel’s lips.
Love and thanks to
Castiel interrupted Dean’s moistening of his lips with, “It’s not fully visible.”
“What was that, Dean?” she asked, far too innocent.
The fabric of the pillow made a quiet
of course, and do you know, he was actually really interested in your little idea!”
Sam and Jess were already at the bottom of the stairs, ready to welcome their guests as they entered. Dean joined them, standing at the front of the line and spending the next thirty minutes bowing and exchanging pleasantries with every nobleman in the region—and lots of their eligible daughters, much to Dean’s chagrin. He gave Jess a small glance from the side of his eye—she was smiling serenely, as she often did, but Dean had known her for enough years to see the mischief about her.
Impatient, Castiel grabbed Dean’s face and joined their mouths instead.
Maybe he’d just been busy. Maybe none of it was deliberate. Professor Adler was a well-documented douchebag, but maybe Dean was overreacting.
“One thing at a time, though,” Adam said. “Beer—and maybe some chips, or like, chicken tenders if you’ve got some?—and problem number one: Amara. We need to protect ourselves, first, and work out what to do about her influence, second.”
The guy shrugged. “Sure, whatever you say. But most folks in these parts only see suits for funerals, ‘cept maybe my brother, but he’s a lawyer. Not sure you’ll find a lot of places to wear that out to, here in the Valley.”
“My algorithms calculated that you two are the best match.”
“Woah!” said Dean, standing back and waving a hand to disperse the cloud. “I guess you didn’t hear me calling your name, huh.”
Dean laughed, catching Castiel’s hand with both of his. “How about we wait a minute, huh? Take this to the bedroom, and then you can get those gorgeous hands on me.”
“Don’t insult me, we’re doing this for you, remember.”
To this day, Dean had never asked Castiel to explain any further what had happened—that was his own business. But he had instructed his brother to arrange to obtain the horse, and house her at Winchester Hall for Castiel.
was the one who was going to get smacked in the face.
“Come, now,” Castiel commanded.
was as big as several cities, but even so, the amount of space the Nest took up was mind-boggling. At the very top, incredibly easy to miss, there was a small break in the pattern of eggs.
Dean took his frustration out on the door handle, gripping it rather too firmly before he strode out into the hallway, a calm, amiable countenance carefully erected.
“I’m glad you’re here,” Dean murmured, feeling sappy, warm, and more than a little melancholy that it was their last day on-site.
“You don’t like Hannah?” Castiel asked, a small crease marring his brow. “She’s been working here for a few years now, I’ve never heard any complaints about her.”
Dean couldn’t help but groan around Castiel’s hot dick at the question, drawing another moan from above and earning him a sharp tug to his hair. Pulling off and sucking in a deep breath, Dean wracked his brain—he knew exactly what he wanted, and he’d used the phrase before, if he could just recall it… He knew Castiel wouldn’t be mad if he answered in English, Castiel was never mad at him. But Dean wanted so badly to please him.
“I won’t fuck you tonight,” Castiel said—a calm observation, like he was taking about plants growing or paint drying—as he stroked his fingers firmly down Dean’s ass crack, through the lace, taking a slow journey down across his taint to reach his balls. “Though, to be clear, I certainly want to.”
No, no, I'm joking. THERE WILL BE TIMESTAMPS, I promise! Don't yell at me 😂 Smutty and plotty timestamps coming your way, featuring characters you know and love.
When Castiel was breathing shakily, his thighs tense on either side of Dean’s shoulders, Dean pushed up a little more on his knees and reached for Castiel’s hand, taking it from the couch to entwine their fingers before he slid Castiel fully into his mouth.
“Drink your coffee,” Sam instructs—and Dean recognizes the mode that he’s slipping back into, leading, organizing, reminding himself there are still other things of worth.
It had been a weird day for Castiel, having spoken to Balthazar that morning, and he thought a beer on the porch would be just the thing to settle down the strange, thoughtful mood that the phone call had put him in.
Charlie shrugged, uncaring. “Okay, fine, but why
“Are you gonna come, Cas?”
Jack is silent.
Castiel’s eyebrows gave a tiny raise, but he nodded. “That’s true. God had Michael cast him into Hell for that.”
Castiel ignored Dean’s gesturing—instead, he dropped his messenger bag down to the ground and whipped off his trench coat, spreading it out on the grass at the pool edge. Lowering himself down to sit on the wide stretch of beige fabric, he looked up at Dean expectantly.
Dean could hear the invisible air-quotes and he bit down a small grin. “Yeah. Of course. You’re different.”
“You don’t have to answer me now, or make any kind of permanent decision,” Castiel said, looking straight at Dean in that slightly unnerving way again. “Just think about what worked today and what didn’t, before your next class. We can try out a few methods. And if there are any other issues like the seating today, remember that you aren’t a burden, to me or the class as a whole. I’m not just here to wave my hands around, I’m here to advocate for your needs, whatever they may be.”
Turning to close the door, Castiel let his anticipation rise. He had a good feeling about this.
Great. Just great. A quick inspection revealed an entirely shattered screen, and Castiel was fairly confident that Garrison Enterprises was no longer paying for his Apple Care, if they ever truly had been.
Yeah, definitely a mermaid. Or merman, he supposed.
Castiel looked down, and Dean wiggled his left arm as best he could.
Fuck it, what was the worst that could happen? Castiel would disconnect and at work the next afternoon they wouldn’t be able to look each other in the eye? Well, Dean had been through plenty of awkward almost-hookups in his life (although he was proud to say that his usual batting average was pretty high.) He’d just apologize for misreading the situation, and they’d move on.
habit that some people had of speaking to Dean like he was
The room was old and beautiful, the panels on the walls were ornately carved and impressive. It was filled with art and trinkets from the old west, and normally Dean would have been chomping at the bit to count the cowboys in the paintings—he fuckin’ loved cowboys—but today all he wanted was, in true old west style, to drown his sorrows.
“Good afternoon,” Dean greeted him warmly, lifting his hat.
Grinning, Dean let out a small sound of approval. “Yeah, those are sensitive. Good touches encouraged.”
Dean watched, entranced, but kept up his rhythm, helping to relax Castiel through the initial sting as he sunk two wet fingers inside of himself.
“Thank you.” Castiel took the glasses from Dean’s hand. He walked around the edge of the bar, instead of taking Dean’s lazy route over it.
“True.” Castiel sighed and forced a strained faux smile onto his face. “Three million. Can’t wait.”
“And I drunk them.”
Thankfully, Martha, a very Stepford older lady, had come in right on time to cover the evening shift with Andrew, the cook. Dean had given her a bear hug of glee, earning a squeak and a flap at his chest with her notepad, before tearing out of the door.
“Who?” Dean manages to ask.
“Sounds like a good idea to me,” Castiel said sleepily, burying his face back in the pillow. He never thought he’d be happy to be woken up by a half-wild porker, but hearing Dean’s throaty, morning rumble as he bantered back and forth with the pig was enough to brighten any morning.
Bobby waved, getting Dean and Jo’s attention once more. “Alright then. Since no one has anything to say, get back to your jobs. You know where my office is…and if I ain’t in it, then look under the nearest damn car, doing the same job you all do.”
Dean yet, but somehow, he was already hard and he could feel his own heartbeat against the padding of the bench.
an engineer, after all—and he was alone. No, wait—
Castiel took another gulp of tequila. “As long as it doesn’t have any animal derived ingredients, I’m in,” he answered.
“Sure, I did,” Dean rasped, his voice a little rough, but his head clearing. “Vicious fighters, but they don’t need special mojo to kill ‘em.”
One thing at a time though, perhaps.
“Seriously,” Dean reiterated, before grinning slowly. “To be honest, it’s kind of nice to have the upper hand in something for a change.”
Dean was outside, working on replacing the ground floor windows. Perhaps Fatback had gone to bother him instead.
It wasn’t like Fatback was going to listen to him anyway.
a thing. Dean was in love with Castiel, no doubt about that, and they had the kind of thing going on where Dean already couldn’t picture his life without Castiel in it. So, the idea of getting a chance to have a real, true first date with the man he was already committed to...that was kind of cool, he decided. He was excited.
Dean looked up, about to ask Castiel what he was waiting for. The words left him at the sight of the silent tears raining unchecked down Castiel’s cheeks as he stared out past the break point of the waves, across the ocean beyond.
Dean’s smile was closed-mouthed and softer than the situation deserved. “Yeah,” he said quietly. “You win.”
- Mal <3
“So beautiful, and so sexy…” He tugged harder at the toy, making Dean grunt as he slid it out sharply. “...and all mine,” he added, his voice flowing, hot syrup.
Flushed, Castiel nodded. “Yes, us. I wasn’t sure if—well, we haven’t talked much about what either of us want, and I wasn’t sure if the phrase would be—”
Castiel looked up to see a bushy-mustached, older black man with a disapproving squint staring at them.
It’d been well over a year since he’d pulled Castiel out of that place, and things were so different now. Castiel was squinting at him, though, head tilted questioningly, so Dean put his phone down on the sand between them and tapped the screen to put it on speaker.
Dean’s laugh fell into another kiss before he even made the conscious decision to press his lips back to Castiel’s. It just happened, it felt so right, and easy. Like breathing. Except breathing didn’t make his fingertips tingle and his toes curl in his socks.
one of Cas’ ancestors?” Dean asked.
“Yeah,” Dean said, a little pink beginning to appear in his cheeks. “Go ahead.”
Dean stares at it dully, dusty toes and worn leather.
The shadowy air in the middle of the room thickens.
Although Castiel hadn’t put a ton of thought into what Dean’s house would look like, he certainly hadn’t expected it to look like
Dean rubbed small circles over Castiel’s shoulder blade for a minute while he pulled himself together. When he finally pulled back, eyes shining, Castiel was wearing a blinding, gummy smile that Dean was immediately certain he would never forget.
“You’re an idiot,” Castiel said, so softly that it sounded like an endearment. “Dean, you’re so stupid.”
- Mal <3
Charlie was brazenly invested in Dean’s love life and welcomed Castiel into the apartment with open arms. Sam was a little less excited, but only because once Dean turned in the keys to his old place, Sam was stuck sleeping on the couch at Charlie’s within—he claimed—earshot of Dean’s bedroom door.
Dean relaxed into it, grunting and gasping as Castiel’s big hands doled out smack after smack. Dean could feel every finger, could tell that Castiel was working mostly with the palm of his hand and his fingers together—a motion that caused a deep, pounding sensation that pushed Dean’s hips into the bench and that he felt in his bones—interspersed with sharper, wide-fingered strikes that slapped brightly against Dean’s skin and caused a fiery, stinging burn.
“Well you didn’t exactly correct him, did you?” Dean snapped, grabbing his boots from beside the bed where they lay, haphazard evidence of their hasty removal the night before.
Flushed, Castiel offered a little nod. “Like that?” he asked.
“What’s wrong with tennis shoes?” Castiel asked from Dean’s side, sounding a little lost.
to keep her in one generally respectful piece.
“Oh come on,” Dean called out in irritation. “MEG! You’re kidding right?”
“Woah,” Dean whispered. “What
“Hey, Sam,” Dean questioned, waving the book at his brother where he sat at one end of the table, sprinkling some black things onto his snotty-looking toasted English muffin. “Where’d we get this one? I haven’t seen it before.”
“Yes, yes, exactly. What an opportunity!”
“I’m here doing my second bachelors,” she responded. “So, I’ve been here forever. If you want a tour guide, or drinking buddy, or an introduction for any of the nerdy stuff around here, I’m your girl.”
“Yes,” Castiel said decisively. “I would like to take you on a date, Dean, if you’ll have me.”
“What the hell, Cas? You could have told me—” Dean snapped his mouth shut as Castiel held up his other hand, obviously trying to explain.
Hope; that was the fragile thing that was growing in Dean’s ribcage. Soft, and new, and growing, just as the tiny feathers renewing Castiel’s wings must be. A tiny flash of it, perhaps, but even that… Hope was something Dean had never even dreamed of having.
Sighing, Castiel glumly swallowed down the last of the delicious pie and began to move the Tupperware off to the side, out of the way.
With only the softest puff of air, Sam and Michael appeared in front of him. Wordlessly, Michael poofed off again.
It turned out that they didn’t have to wait long. After only a couple of minutes, Dean was trailing behind Castiel, admiring his wide shoulders in the trench coat he’d grown so fond of, and being led to the back of the restaurant. They slipped into a booth opposite each other. Castiel smiled at their server as she left them menus, then squinted up at the fashionable dim light overhead.
Years ago, Dean would have said he didn’t like to dance, that it was something he did only to pick up girls. Much older now, he knew that it was also just fun, and he really didn’t care what anyone else thought. He loved the sensations of it: the pounding of the bass as it reverberated through his bones and made his joints buzz, the trickle of sweat that found its way down his spine as he writhed with the masses, switching partners every time someone new caught his eye, and the cold shock of fresh beer against his lips as he raised his other hand above his head, swinging his hips down low. It was a great start to the night, lighting his body up from inside.
