“I’m glad you’re here,” Tony starts, pulling his head back a bit to look at Steve again. The super soldier smiles. “You know that, right?”
“But I want hot and steamy sex now,” he complains. Steve rolls his eyes before kissing him on the lips once again. Then he heads towards the door. Tony grabs his underwear from the floor and picks up a t-shirt, only noticing too late that it’s Steve’s. Then he quickly hurries after him.
“Oh, but Nilla was very talented with her power: fire. The king kept her, so she’d work for him. She still does, I guess.”
When they start to lower down again, Peter unintentionally wraps his arms around the Captain’s middle in a reflex, closing his eyes as they get nearer the ground.
He feels tired. Or rather, his whole body does. Tony walks up to the sink, leaning a bit forward while taking his reflection in. The man looking back at him looks exactly like Tony feels, which is horrible. Despite that, his goatee is still perfectly trimmed. Heck, his hair even seems longer than Tony can remember it?
“What?” the three of them question simultaneously, and then the camera zooms out and reveals Tony standing on the other side holding Cap’s booted leg in his hands.
The first example is when a young man suddenly starts running with an old woman’s purse. Immediately, Peter does into pursuit. Without warning, he pulls the guy up, binds him into his web for the police to find, and quickly offers the woman her bag again. He tries to refuse when she gives him a few dollar bills, but she seems adamant on giving it to him.
“I mean, to think about it; one of the hottest girls I’ve seen, if you look past the nerdy façade she went for. I can bet she was a goddess in the sack?”
“Well well, if it isn’t Stark Junior,” somebody behind him suddenly says. Peter turns around to see Natasha sitting there on the ground, her hair put up in a messy bun, though a few strands are stuck against her sweaty face. She’s in training clothes as well, which means that she’s been working out as well. There’s an empty bottle of water at her feet, and another one in her hand.
“No, you know what, never mind, it was a stupid thing to say.” But he knows it’s too late. Tony already put two and two together when he tries to find what Steve had been looking at before. Once he sees Raido on Wanda’s lap, his mouth falls open in understanding.
And Peter shuts up, patting Tony lightly on the back until he lets go. Then the boy turns to greet Steve with a lighter hug. Tony frowns when he takes in Peter’s figure. He looks a bit pale, maybe even sweaty. Maybe he’s not feeling all that well? He could build up a fever, perhaps. Tony reaches out his hand to put it on Peter’s forehead.
“Show me,” he says as soon as Peter opens the box, and then the teenager hands it to him, allowing Mr. Stark to finally look at the thing that according to everybody is impossible to make unless you’re a Stark or a Vanko. Luckily, Peter fits that description, even though nobody knows it.
“Here’s, uh… I remodeled it a bit, made it stronger and… uh…,” Tony stumbles over his words. “The magnet for your shield has a wider radius, and it’s easier to move in now…” Then he stops talking, figuring that he’s not making much sense anymore. He shivers a bit when Steve comes up to him again, but instead of standing next to him, Steve only stops right in front of the uniform, which he observes intently. He lifts up a hand, and passes his finger over the small ‘A’ symbol Tony added on the shoulders. It’s the same as on the uniform he’d worn during that Ultron disaster.
“But I just don’t see the use for it,” Steve mutters in return. The woman who is working on him seems to find them extremely adorable, since she can’t fight the grin off her face.
Happy holidays! I wish you all warmth, love and the strength to follow your dreams and reach your goals!
After that, she jumps up. Right when Peter hurries to go after her, the portal disappears and instead Peter bumps right into what seems to be reinforced glass. Not wanting to trip any kind of alarm, he jumps back down, putting his hands on his hips.
“Okay, good,” she mumbled to herself obviously, as the persons in front of her were her own spawns. “Let’s see how you guys move if I try to focus less on you, push you more into my subconsciousness. Yaël closed her eyes and took a few steps backwards, away from her creations. She hoped her plan would work out. Fire and water are her strongest powers, which she can steer without focusing on it. Now she was going to try to do the same, but whilst her powers are formed into humanoid figures. Would she be able to do different things, apart from the movements her creations would make?
“So, I don’t think that seeing me freed Harry from the Goblin…instead, the Goblin started attacking me. Luckily Tony and Steve noticed, and they came in t-to save me…” Yaël looked up when she heard a muffled sniff. Peter had put his arm over his mouth to silence his shaky breath a bit. His eyes were wet and red again, just like they were when she had walked in. Crap, she wasn’t really good at comforting people, so she gave him her best shot and patted the leg she was still laying on.
After another little while, LL announces that it’s time for the commercials. That surprises Tony a little bit, since he’d expect they’d go on until after Peter’s finished. It appears they won’t.
“You know he'll probably see it as blackmail, right?” he asks. He’s knows because Steve isn't thinking clearly, obviously. He'll get defensive, and twist his words, and the actual point will be lost probably. He can already sense the argument coming up...
About five hours have passed since then. Tony leans back in his chair, putting his feet on his desk and closing his eyes.
“Oh, eh,” Peter already starts, beginning to take the empty plate from the table, but then the man starts to laugh like an idiot. Great, and the whole restaurant is once again looking at them. Maybe he should have just taken the job as a delivery boy, instead.
“Charles, I’m going to help you clean up this mess,” Yaël said sternly, as she didn’t want him to wave away her help. “By the way, did you hear what Wade said?”
Peter turns around until his back is facing her. On the corner of his visor he sees that it’s almost two in the afternoon. He should head home to get ready for the demonstration of Dr. Octavius’ project.
“A few months, I suppose. I always kind of acted like a dick towards him, pretended I couldn’t stand him. I suppose it worked well enough,” she laughs uncertainly. Then she turns back towards Peter. “Of course, you have no idea who I’m talking about, do you?”
Tony turns, seeing Steve and Sam talking to George and Michael and shaking their hands. Peter sees immediately that the slight lowering of Tony’s shoulder comes undone the moment he sees his partner standing there, so close but still far away.
“Uh, yeah! Yeah!” Peter shouts, a little bit too loud, thus startling the girl a little bit. She eyes him like she’s about ready to just run off at any point. Carefully, she takes out her phone and hands it to Peter.
Tony lowers his head, looking at his son’s unmoving hands. “Does the fact that you stopped taking your pills have anything to do with it?” Tony tries. Peter then finally looks up, eyes scared and red from crying.
“I am glad to hear that,” he returns. “I must thank you for helping my brother like that, earlier. He really needed it.”
“I suppose there’s dinner before we all go to bed,” she explains once she’s once again walking beside him. Peter nods lightly. He’s not feeling hungry, and wonders if he can just be excused from it. He’s pretty sure everybody’s going to object on that, insisting that he stays with them. But, to be fair, Peter’s hitting his limit here.
“Your mother must have been one of the most passionate person I’ve met,” he starts, eyes meeting Peter’s. The teenager nods as he leans forward a bit. His hands have now stopped shaking at last, though his heart is still going too fast. “She came to work with a smile on her face, always bringing out the creative ideas that would once again become popular with the public.”
It’s almost comical how Mr. Stark suddenly appears at the doorway, looking at Peter lying on the ground with his arm still raised to the destruction he accidentally caused with an eyebrow raised up high. He stays quiet for a moment, scratching the back of his head while biting his lip, while Peter just prepares himself to be thrown out of the building any second now.
“Ah, my fellow spider,” Natasha says with a wide smile. She opens up her arms and Peter walks right in them. Feeling her strong embrace around him, he can’t really believe that the evening is turning out this way. He wouldn’t have expected them to be here, and now here they still are! It’s probably the best surprise they could have. “You look great.”
Peter snorts. “Sucks.” He takes place at the counter next to Steve, giving him a gentle tap on the shoulder. “Chin up, Steve. It’ll be over in no time.”
He was aware that Natasha and Clint had started up a bet. He didn’t mind too much, even though it was about him. Of course, they would bet on something like this. After all, wasn’t Steve considered as the ninety-year-old virgin?
“Before your queen,” Hela added. Yaël bit her lip, when was the right moment to leave? Maybe it was a better plan to make sure they didn’t notice her and stay put.
Everybody’s mouth falls open. Peter blinks a few times, actually wondering if it’s really that strong as he suggests. Hilde marches to her, taking one bottle and opening it up. Taking a sniff, she grins.
“When’s the last time you went out patrolling?” Tony finds himself asking. Peter, who accepts a glass of water from May, shrugs.
“Oh, no, not on Sakaar, at least. You just fight here and try not to die,” he said like that was an extremely normal situation. At some point, Yaël noticed she came back to the exact same point where they started walking, without her even noticing she had been walking in circles.
“Tremble before me, Asgard,” Surtur rumbled. “I am your reckoning!” He started tearing down everything his saw. Buildings that used to be homes got turning into dust as his fire spread.
Peter rolls his eyes, crumbles the paper again and then throws it into the bin with precision. Nobody but Flash saw that happening, and the guy isn’t going to say anything about it at all, not wanting people to think that Peter can actually
Alright, let’s see what secrets this grandpa holds,” Tony says, clicking open a few folders but finding mostly reports on however they’ve advanced in their breakthrough. He already puts his phone on the table, tapping away on a few buttons before pressing on ‘confirm’. With that, all the data that is currently on this computer is being downloaded onto his memory.
“For crying out loud, spit it out, Storm,” Tony interrupts him. Johnny chuckles nervously before turning to look at Wade next to him.
And as they near the nurse’s office, the conversation keeps on going like that. Peter explains to the nurse what exactly happened, and the woman starts cleaning up Ned’s wound with delicacy, obviously trained for this. After she’s finished, she hands the two boys a note to excuse them for being late in class, and then they’re on their way back.
“It’s a joke, wise-ass,” Yaël counters, grinning her teeth bare. She nods to somewhere behind her. “Want to head out? Take a breather?”
He can joke all he want, and try to put on a mask – eh, figuratively speaking of course – to hide his emotions, but he can’t deny that there are a few important questions that are hanging in the air.
mission, but also who fired the most shots. Winning team is excluded from doing the dishes in the following week. The ultimate loser has to do the laundry for the entire month."
“Oh, she’s one of the new Avengers, telepathic and telekinetic and all, helped me getting Mr. Stark’s blood for the DNA-test a while back,” Peter shrugs. “I guess she’s a friend.”
“Let’s get to work, then. Steve, you stay with Peter, restrain him in case he tries to run off again.” Tony starts walking towards the computer, greeting Bruce with a gentle squeeze on the shoulder. As he starts explaining some things, Peter keeps his mind off it. He stands next to Steve, giving the man a long look before hugging him again.
Maybe last time Tony couldn’t really do much to save his son other than travel back into time and prevent Thanos from ever getting the six stones together. This time, though, he’s got an advantage. Science. He can figure this shit out, can find out what makes Peter tick and what suddenly stopped working.
Tony doesn’t notice his breathing speeding up, but he can feel his heartbeat rising. His eyes stay glued on the cuffs, his brain unable to understand why it’s attached to Steve, of all people. Who ratted him out? Who was so heartless as to report Steve to the authorities?
“Now, guys, how are you doing?” LL asks, ignoring Chrissy’s comment, though it still seems to have made him laugh a little bit.
“Dad, where’s Steve?” Peter keeps on begging, tears clear in his eyes. But all Tony can see is red from anger; how could he not have seen this before? Had he known, he would never have pulled Peter into this. This whole fight; it shouldn’t have been with Peter. The fact that he just asked his son to practically fight against his other idol – his other father-figure…
Of course, that works only until he’s about to open a door and finds it opening before he can even touch it, only to reveal a young brown-haired woman with big brown eyes and a worried expression.
Tony turns around to see the redheaded assassin walk up to him with a slight smirk on her face, and Tony can’t help but let out a sigh. If only he could joke along with her.
“Oh my God, Peter, I’ve missed you so much,” Gwen mutters against his lips. Peter shakes his head, tasting tears through their kiss. They’re his own tears, but also hers. He doesn’t care about them.
“DAAAAD! WE’LL BE LATE!” Peter shouts in the background. Tony drops his razor immediately. The door to the shower flies open, and Steve jumps out of it. He grabs a towel, while Tony doesn’t even bother to cover up. His underwear is enough. He just needs to see Peter, to hold him.
If he wants to call Steve, he needs to do it now. With his web shooter, he gets the phone off the floor. Trying his best not to crash against anything, Peter searches for the only number in there, and presses call. This time, he holds the device with his hand.
“No,” she answered a bit dryly. That Tony guy was following her around. First with Peter, now with Steve. What’s up with that guy? Yaël was sure she had to meet him, he must be extremely handsome and good-hearted as everyone seemed to like him somehow.
“Sure,” Yaël nodded, then she suddenly remembered something “Wait, I thought you didn’t like coffee?”
“Well,” she answered after taking another gulp, “Just because the planet is so small and secluded, it was an ideal punishment.”
Then Mary dries off her eyes and looks back at Tony, determined, though heartbroken look on her face.
“Did you forget who you’re dealing with?” Thanos’s annoyed voice rumbled through the speakers. The last thing Yaël had seen, was Loki growling as a few men grabbed his arms and started pulling him backwards as his legs refused to work.
It’s all around him, though. On his left a lingerie-store where he sees some men looking. On his right a news stand where he can catch a glimpse of a few magazines that should not be seen by children. There’s even a badly hidden sex-store somewhere around there, where he sees a young couple walking inside, giggling with their hands locked.
Harry’s crazy laugh suddenly fills the air, and his glider passes him by as he tries to get away from a very annoyed War Machine.
It’s probably better this way, rather than having to hear the insults they’ve prepared for him today.
Hearing Tony Stark cry from happiness is not something Peter would have ever expected to happen, yet it does. Peter smiles.
about Gwen. Visiting her grave has become a monthly activity instead of a weekly one, and it has been hurting less and less to talk to her. Despite that, it feels like his heart has been ripped out on the spot at the idea that Eddie seems to be blaming
Loki looked down and chuckled. “Well,” he said, filled with joy “You sure were brave out there. You fought well.”
.” Wanda’s eyes grew a bit bigger, she had trouble hiding her proud little smile for being on the same line as THE professor X.
“Of course, the decision rests entirely on you. If you two are a match, we can’t force you to do this. Surgery can be scary, and it’s not to be taken lightly.”
“You can just come inside, head on upstairs, help yourself to some drinks. It’s all for the taking,” Rosie says while pointing inside. Steve thanks her and the four of them walk inside. Peter has been here before, but for Bruce, Steve and Tony it’s all new.
Peter and Harry caught up, but Peter wasn’t aware that his friend was sick; the same sickness that had befallen Norman Osborn. The thing that had killed him. They talked about lots of things, Peter told him about Gwen. Meanwhile, at Oscorp, a man called Max Dillon died in a tragic accident. Only, he didn’t die as much as he was reborn. Panicked at his sudden ‘electric’ state, he started wandering around on time’s square. Peter tried to calm him down, but after a while the guy freaked and went crazy.
He wants to lighten the mood, to make a joke or something like that. But the words come short. So instead, Tony just heads to his own bedroom door, opening it without a word and expecting Steve to follow him. When he doesn’t, Tony nods once as an indication that he can follow. Carefully, Steve complies.
“Finally! Are you guys okay?” the voice of Clint Barton asks. Steve, who still has a protective arm wrapped around Tony’s shoulder, lets out a relieved breath.
Aunt May stays quiet for a long moment as she gives Peter a long look. Then, without a warning, she wraps her arms around him and a happy cry comes out of her mouth.
“My, uh… my wife?” Tony asks, now not following anymore at all. “Listen, man, I gotta run, I’m sorry.”
Now, Yaël was capable of using the elements at the same time, but her mind and body were broken, badly nourished, not maintained. So her own steering came back to her, not in a peaceful way, but more in an implosion kind of way. Her body sucked everything back up, the powers came running back to their owner like she was some sort of magnet, way quicker than Yaël had ever been able to steer the powers. Within only a split-second, she saw her creations dissolve. It felt like there was a big ball of energy forming in her body, way too big to even fit there. This wasn’t going well, Yaël realized, but she didn’t have the time to act against it.
“Don’t you ever dare to do that again…” he said softly.  She had no answers, she could only clench onto him as she felt like she was breaking down. “I was afraid you were going back into…the disease you had last time.”
Shit, he hadn’t thought about Scarlet Witch being here. He’s heard about her, though never met her in person. Still, from what he knows of her, she can read minds, meaning that she probably already knows why exactly he’s sneaking around like this.
“You’re not what I expected, Tony Stark,” May suddenly admits. “When Peter told me about you, I couldn’t imagine a worse father for him. But now I see that I was wrong.”
or he’ll never think again, Peter tries freeing himself a bit slower. Maybe being fast isn’t helping at all.
For a moment Tony hesitates. Is it really possible that, just by mere chance, he’ll get to go back? He’ll be able to save his son? Tony takes the watch with a frown, observing it carefully. Making sure that he’s not pressing any buttons, he takes in the unfamiliar design.
A finger is put on Tony’s lips, right before it’s replaced with Steve’s mouth on his. The kiss is short and firm, and once Steve pulls back, his hands hold on to Tony’s arms tightly.
As usual, they work together. Wanda stays at Peter’s side to help him out, but she’s relieved by Steve after a while, who doesn’t take his usual place at the couch but comes where Wanda had been seated. Peter doesn’t mind the extra hands he’s offering, so he’s not saying anything about it.
The truth had been… he’d been afraid of losing her friendship, in case things would go bad. And then she met that Richar-guy, and after that he swore not to try anything. Of course, that was before they both were as drunk as one could be and eventually ended up in bed together.
“Put him through,” Peter sighs, throwing his legs over the edge of the building and swinging them back and forth. Then he sees Tony’s face appear on his vision. “Heya dad.”
“Steve, stop talking like we’re never going to see each other again,” Peter adds. “Because we are, right? We’ll see each other again?”
Tony doesn’t dare speak, barely even manages to look at his son, who looks even paler than before. His hair is sticking to his forehead, his eyes closed. His mouth is opened, as there’s a tube put through it. Endotrachial tube. Tony closes his eyes.
Sure, the man he gets to work with, Francis Farez, isn’t too bad of a guy; he gave Peter the whole tour of the building, introduced him to who-ever he’s supposed to know and all, and even gave Peter the honor of having Dum-E as his sidekick. At first, Peter thought it was awesome to have Mr. Stark’s very first created robot to help him through it.
Sitting on a fancy chair in a large room somewhere in Geneva, surrounded by about sixty other people and mutants, Peter realizes that the world is a big place. Seeing heroes that he’s never seen before, he’s close to just asking all of their names and getting to know them all. But as it stands, he holds himself in check.
And back in that universe, he hadn’t been Iron Man. There hadn’t been any word of him, just his weapons. That version of him hadn’t seen what Tony has seen.
“The king doesn’t know about this, but the Queen demanded your banishment just so you wouldn’t get executed. You see, she knew she’d need you and now is the time for you to join us again,” she sounded like joining the Queen was an honor, something Yaël should’ve been looking forward to. But she had bad luck, because Yaël didn’t want to have anything to do with these sketchy actions the Queen was planning.
“I don’t know, how are you?” Tony returns playfully. “Oh, and by the way, I brought some upgrades along.”
Peter goes through his hair once again, finding more locks between his fingers. Defeated, he lowers his hands, closes his eyes, and he looks up.
understand why they would be necessary, given the accidents that have been happening in the past. But he knows Wanda doesn’t share that view. That’s why things have been so tense between her and Vision.
Tony finally says. Peter jumps up in the air in excitement. He lets go of Bruce and turns back to Strange, pointing at his mouth. Strange snorts but then shakes his head.
“I’m… I’ll get some coffee. You want anything, Tony?” she asks. Tony shakes his head, and after a nod from the woman she follows Steve out. She seems close to losing it, which Tony can’t blame her for.
Mantis reacts instantly, standing at his door in just a matter of seconds. Peter hurries towards the knocked-out girl lying on the bed, kneeling down to get a good look at her. Her mask has fallen on the ground, her gloves removed as she was probably trying to do something that needed them off. There’s a phone lying next to her face, though the screen is dark.
to know about our sex life?” Tony gets out hoarsely, his voice shaking whenever Steve gives him a slap on the back to make sure he doesn’t suffocate. Tony’s face, too, is almost completely red.
Steve lets out another sigh. The fact that Cho isn’t there is really bad news, since they’re going to have to use the public services this time. With that, there’s more chances that they’re going to be seen, and then the news will be plastered on all the newspapers.
She tried to squeeze her eyes shut, in the hope she should just wake up before discovering this was actually true, before remembering the memories.
“I'm afraid you weren't there anymore,” Rhodey explains. “Neither was Nakia as far as I know. Okoye was there, but she hadn't been involved with the whole time-travel part I guess.”
“FRIDAY just came to tell me that Mr. Stark is in his penthouse, having locked everybody out and accepting no phone-calls at all. Should I be worried?” Peter asks. Steve stays quiet for a moment.
Yeah, Steve’s pretty lucky, and he feels like there couldn’t be anything that could ruin this evening for them.
He runs out of the auditorium with a high speed. Coincidentally, he passes MJ who waves at him with a small smile.
The Cat seems happy with the answer, nodding towards the empty spot next to her. Peter sighs but sits down on the edge after all. Besides, if he falls he’ll just swing some webs. There’s enough tall buildings around here.
“Yeah, they do that sometimes,” Peter mutters out, not really knowing what else to say. He hasn’t really spoken to Michelle much since he’s known her. He doesn’t even know if he’s considered ‘friend’ enough to call her MJ, like she said.
Tony looks down at the bandages. They’re not bloody, so there’s at least that. He hesitates on taking them off, but then it would mean he’d have to put them back up as well. He decides not to do that, instead leaving it be as it is.
“Work… yeah… You got any idea how long it’ll be until you actually want to be seen with me in public?”
As Wade was still being grumpy about his pizza and rambled just to annoy them, Yaël took a look at Peter. He was just staring at the wall with glassy eyes, while eating his pizza.
“I’m actually rather surprised it’s so calm right now,” she admits. Peter looks down at the suit, only realizing it now, really. But he can feel it, somehow… In a way. He can’t explain how it’s possible.
“I’m glad you’re here,” Tony admits. Steve just nods, but doesn’t speak. Together, the two men look down at the sleeping figure of Peter. It’s crazy to think that just a few hours ago he had been lying on the operation table, cut open by Dr. Cho and her nurses as they tried to get the thing piercing Peter’s body out of there.
The days go on like any others; at school he’s mostly just doodling in his notes instead of paying attention, every day of the week Peter still finds himself working the evening shifts at the pizzeria (with on Friday once again having the creepy guy stalking him), on Saturday he finds himself stuck with ironing the laundry and cooking dinner as Aunt May is lying sick in bed. Sunday he’s going out of his way to capture more shots from the heroes to sell at the Daily Bugle, and in the end all he gets is more shouting from Mr. Jameson. Still, after more than a year of working with him, Peter has gotten used to it.
"I have been frozen for a few years, Yaël. Trust me, I survived," he said a bit sarcastically. He usually didn't use a lot of sarcasm, only during training sessions and Yaël loved triggering him at these moments. "And stop thinking about it, I don't want to know how long I have to be on fire to actually get burned."
After a quick breath, Peter lets go of the table. He lifts up his hands in the air and tries to count back to ten.
Peter taps his pencil on the paper, looking at the formulas and wondering why people would think this hard. Chemistry is like a second language to him, it’s hard
. Mrs. Ferez looked over his homework, put it on Peter’s desk, and then Mr. Stark’s incredibly incompetent bot misplaced it. It took us literally an hour to find it underneath all of the mess that rusted bag of bolts has created. Mr. Stark often thinks of donating the thing to a school, you know.”
“You know who,” he says. “And that friend of yours can come, too, as long as he can watch his language around the kids.”
“I don’t know, I suddenly got a call from your Dad’s assistant telling me that because of my ‘impeccable performance’ during my internship I was invited to meet the King of Wakanda,” she says with a wink. “I think your father likes me.”
“You see, Raido? There’s no shame in being buried. I mean look at this place! It has flowers and stuff!” she said to no one. Yaël was sure Raido got buried, since he had betrayed the king by helping her get inside the city. So yes, it was her fault he was dead, she indirectly killed him. “Look at this place…” she mumbled as she set herself down on a bench next to a chapel.
“Yeah, my phone broke so I’m going for a new one,” he says. “I was just heading out. You can come along if you want.”
For a moment, it seems like Peter is falling much quicker than Mr. Stark can fly. But he should know that’s impossible. Mr. Stark knows what he’s doing. But, what is that little drop there, in the air? Peter looks at it in long silence, before he realizes it’s a tear. He’s crying.
“P-Peter?” Felicia asks, her voice hoarse. She grunts painfully while trying to turn her head. Once her eyes meet Peter’s, she holds up a hand and puts it on his cheek. “You’re back.”
“Call her up. Maybe I can come by a bit earlier,” Tony mutters. He starts up the car at last, turning the wheel while hitting the accelerator and moving forward. In his rear window he can see Fury look as jhe drives off.
“FRI, can you call May Parker for me?” Tony asks. “Can you tell her that Peter’s in a tough spot, and that he needs her right now?”
Nobody really knows how they would react if they’d find out their body has been doing things – big things – without really being aware of it. You could be nauseous. You could be terrified. Scared, angry, relieved for knowing where the missing parts come from…
Of course, her father and she celebrated it together every decade, which had his charms too. Well, that actually looked a bit more like how the people on earth celebrated it, but more… cozy? Warm? There were no gifts, it was only about the people, the family.  She didn’t know how to put it, but the vibe was different. And the last few decades, since Cem passed, she had been celebrating her birthday all on her own.
Or maybe they were done, maybe they were friends again and maybe Yaël had to call Peter to check if he was still alive. That last thought had flashed many times in her head, but she was terrified of Peter being dead because she knew that would be on her. She should’ve warned everyone instead of fleeing.
Steve stays quiet. Tony squeezes his eyes shut, pressing his fingers against his forehead while keeping the images out of his mind. He doesn’t need them again, doesn’t need the reminder. Automatically, he reaches for his nightstand, grabbing the bottle of pills and taking the two needed capsules out of them. With a heavy breath, he swallows them whole with the aid of a nearly-empty bottle of water. After downing the last bit of the bottle, he throws it somewhere behind him.
“But that’s not fair of me. It’s probably some bit of jealousy as well,” she admits, smiling with tears in her eyes as she looks down at her nephews bruised face. “After his parents dropped him off at our house, Ben and I took care of him like he was our own. The idea of him having another father running around… I was just scared that he would run off to you.”
She wanted to call Cap as soon as she remembered him, but then she discovered Wade had been right. X and Fury were keeping things from her. When Yaël had asked X for Steve’s number, he had shaken his head.
“One more? Before I head out,” she tries. Peter nods, taking the box off his bed and sitting down. MJ joins up, pushing him until he’s lying on his back. Then she joins him, holding the camera above their heads and snapping a picture. She takes it out, shakes it two times before putting it on the night stand.
“Yeah, I just…” Steve reached up a hand to scratch the back of his head. He could tell Natasha, right? She would listen to him, she wouldn’t joke about it. She’d keep a secret. “I think I-“
“Get well soon. I’ll see you next weekend, probably,” Peter mutters out. Right when he heads for the doorknob, Steve’s voice fills the room again.
Mr. Stark, in return, is giving him a weird look that looks like a combination of anger but sadness at the same time. Who it is directed to, Peter has no idea.
“I don’t know if that sounds evil or not, but I kind of need you to help me, so I’ll keep my mouth shut about it.”
- Peter has been traumatized. After Gwen's death he lost close to everybody he loved except for May, and that even at just a young age (some would think that would make a kid grow up faster, but that's just not always the case). It's also why he always calls him 'The Goblin' instead of Harry, because he knows that's not his friend, and that he's somewhere in there behind the evil persona. Peter's a kid who can't think rationally anymore. If it isn't panic attacks, it's the strong urge to make things right again; his goal is to get Harry back. Harry Osborn, one little remaining thing of Peter's past before (most of) the crap happens. (small spoiler for a few chapters later in the story: Harry's been there when Peter's parents died, he's been his friend when nobody else would. Then he was sent away, and Peter was left alone.)
Peter frowns, for a moment wondering how late it is. When he looks at the clock, he sees that it’s one in the morning. How did Harry even get in?
“Nah, don’t want to die this evening,” Peter shrugs. Then he takes a pillow from next to him and throws it on Tony, who drops the tablet on his face because of it.
“Before I, uh… when I still worked with Ross and Betty I, uh… I lashed out. Betty got hurt in the process, and I would have thought she would never want to see me again after that. Yet, when we came across each other again, she took me back in, looked out for me. Despite the horrible things I’ve done for her, she still loved me, and I still loved her.”
“You sound like him,” the smirk never left her face. “Kneel!” Oh, and that was something she shouldn’t demand from Loki, whom reacted like Yaël could’ve predict.
been trying to get her attention now for the past two weeks. Peter doesn’t mind at all, if only he distracts her a bit from her strange focus on Peter.
“I know, uh… things haven’t been the best this year. It was a real rollercoaster, full of good things, but also bad things. And I, uh… I feel like I must thank all of you for helping me, us, through it.” Tony raises his glass. “Thank you all for coming.”
“Don’t try to explain, Peter. I’ll hear the story when I’ll hear it,” she says while leaning forward and kissing him on the top of his head. “To be fair, I might have known for a little while. You have always been kind of terrible at keeping secrets.”
“Sei un fottuto stronzo,” Tony mutters at him. MJ snorts while all the others look at the man in confusion.
“Just, get back up, then!” he returns. MJ groans in frustration. Peter ignores it, walking to the side and grabbing the mask again. Once it’s back over his head, he realizes he’s missed two calls from Johnny. He can’t call him back right now; Venom’s back on his feet.
FRIDAY continues. Michelle then looks down and sighs again, giving Peter another glare before getting out of the elevator. As she steps away, Peter quickly jumps inside, watching the doors close before he can even push the button.
“Of course, he wouldn’t be Tony Stark if he wouldn’t want the serum out as quickly as possible,” Banner continues. He takes the papers back from Peter and then leans back against the glass fence.
Tony scrapes his throat, scratching the back of his neck after putting the papers down again. It’s then that he finally notices Steve’s wedding ring, golden and round, decorating Steve’s finger. It’s disturbing in many ways, yet Tony can’t seem to keep his eyes off it.
He walks and walks, until he finds himself on an open field. The sun shines brightly over the water, illuminating almost everything and practically blinding Tony when he looks at it directly. T’Challa hadn’t been kidding, it really looks like some sort of paradise in here.
A few worms and bugs crawled out of the pile. Yaël curled her nose while looking at the grave, dug out specially for her. The only thing she could think about was her body rotting away, getting eaten by insects, deep in the ground…But the worst part still had to come. Yaël saw herself wake up again in the arms of the guard, who, without any hesitation, threw her in the hole.
They laughed a bit, goofed around and ordered some pizza, since Peter stopped working in the pizzeria as soon as he got the approval for his internship.
“Good. Say, king T’Challa is coming over Sunday as well. There was something political he needed to attend. But he’s bringing that sister of his along.”
Still, he takes a journal, gets out of the house, and stashes his clothes in his usual alley behind the usual container. Then he goes up, journal safely tucked inside his suit. A few passengers point at him, calling out for him in the hopes to get his attention. Peter gives them a short wave, and then he’s up at last, swinging from building to building, hoping to find something good and calm he can continue reading on.
Landing on the soft surface pulls out a groan from him. His muscles ache, his head hurts. The bruise on his right eye doesn’t help. How is he going to explain that to Tony? He could say he got in another fight on the streets, but either way, he’ll get trouble from it. Maybe he just fell against something? Walked some stairs and accidentally dropped his face onto Flash’ fist?
,” Venom continues. He starts crawling to where MJ is lying on the webs. She doesn’t look scared, but rather pissed off as hell. “
“Dad, holy crap you saw me only two days ago when you visited MIT!” Peter huffs out, though not at all pushing Tony away.
“Nah-ah, you’re not of legal drinking age,” Wade suddenly says. Everybody gives him a blunt look before Wade snorts and slaps Johnny’s shoulder as well. “Just kidding! We should hang out!”
“I’m going out. Just tell them I’m not going on patrol so they can pull those sticks out of their asses,” Peter mutters bitterly. Then, without any other word Peter jumps out of the window, immediately sticking himself against the wall to avoid falling down to his death. Sure, he has the web-shooters around his wrists at all times, but still…
Pepper didn’t mind. Tony was back, and for now the relationship seemed stronger than ever. So they went to galas, had interviews. They even allowed in a TV-show that take a look at celebrities’ self-designed houses. Pepper saved that episode, unbelieving of how happy she was having Tony back with her.
The lighting flew around Thor dynamically as he ran up to Völuspá, Hela, whoever the fuck she was. Brunnhilde followed his steps, pulled her sword and started attacking the Queen too. Okay, so Yaël needed to play this smart, because she had clearly no single chance of winning against Hela if she’d just start attacking her.
Even now he’s standing there, leaning against the wall with his bag over his shoulder, with one coffee in his hand and the other one pulling his headphones back down.
“I’ll bring you with my motorcycle,” he said while washing his hands “I always have a spare helmet with me.”
“So, a lot of stuff has happened,” Peter clarifies after a moment of just standing there. His heart makes a twitch when he imagines her smirking at him.
“Rhodey’s here, too. So is the Princess; she said she wanted to try and help with getting the suit off.”
Then Aunt May turns her head and lowers the hand to her shoulder, her wrist resting above her heart.
He takes his jeans from the ground, hurries out of the pajama and gets himself dressed completely. He avoids the mirror again now. Without looking, he grabs his bottle of pills, checks if it’s the right one before leaving the room again.
“MJ, I-“ Peter starts, but his words get stuck down his throat. How is he ever going to explain this? It’s not like he can use the Spider-Man-excuse since he’s completely out of his suit.
There’s T’Challa in black and purple, Nakia in a long green dress and Okoye in red. Gamora’s in black, Quill in red. They didn’t bother to try and put something on Drax, Rocket or Groot. Nebula, though, is nowhere in sight. Steve can’t remember seeing her when they landed, so she must not be with them.
He remembers. It’s a look he got from Gwen when he broke up with her that first time. It’s the look he got from Gwen’s brothers, when Peter said goodbye. It’s the look he got from Tony when he announced that Steve wasn’t coming back.
Peter almost wants to hang up right away then, remembering his former best friend Harry, and how he has transformed into something insane enough that he would kill-
“Tony?” Steve asks again. Tony clears his throat and pulls his hand back before stepping away from the window again. He heads towards one of the panels in the walls and fishes up the remote controller from the desk to open it. Then, the panel opens up, revealing a new suit he’d worked on a while back.
“Peter’s room is the first one on the right,” he instructs. After that, he heads towards his own bedroom to put Steve down at last. Steve starts struggling once Tony starts undressing him.
Steve talks about how Bucky has been in the past; his best friend, almost like a brother. They’d been roommates for a while, until Steve started with art school and Bucky tried out for the army. He tells about the missions with the commando’s, and how Bucky had fallen from the moving train, making Steve think he’d died.
The interviewing continues. And when LL asks Steve why he chose that song, and Steve explains that he only chose something that reflected on his feelings for Tony, the engineer feels about close to tearing up. He holds himself back, though, when the urge to kiss him comes right back up.
“You’re actually driving us,” Steve states as Tony takes a seat behind the wheel. He grins widely at his date in confirmation.
“That’s not fair; you’re cheating!” Yaël shouts, pointing her empty laser gun towards Vision, who is just smirking at everybody. Peter stays on the side, still a bit breathless from all the running around.
Tony stays quiet for a little bit. Peter figures he’s thinking about his answer before actually speaking. That’s a lot, coming from Tony, since the guy usually just speaks out everything he’s thinking.
He’s not really looking forward on going back inside again, remembering the last time he was there he helped Gwen escape from the security guards about half a year ago. It’s the place where Dr. Connors tried to turn everybody into lizards. It’s where he was bitten by a Spider now a little longer than a year ago, genetically engineered by his father.
Suddenly someone knocked on her door. Yaël stumbled towards it with her mouth filled with toothpaste, mumbling some insults to the chair she almost fell over. When she opened the door she saw the ugliest man alive.
“What, the fact that you’ve got a girlfriend?” Tony asks dryly with a raised eyebrow, giving Peter a grin. Steve, too, snorts. “We heard from FRIDAY, who heard it from Karen. It’s not really a secret anymore.”
Thor takes the hammer over from her again, and the wind emerging from Jane disappears just as quickly as it came. Her hair darkens again, though looking wild anyway. She looks a bit out of breath, suddenly giggling.
Exchanged blood? The hero he’s destined to become? What is she talking about? Does she somehow already know that he’s going to become Spider-Man? And why on Earth would his father’s blood not work on him?
Oh crap, what is this about, now? Tony has been in Berlin for the past few days… if he needs help… does that mean he’s in trouble?
“I have a feeling that your body is trying to block something out. It has something to do with that dream,” he told her once he looked back in her eyes.
“You designed all of this yourself, didn’t you?” Tony asks, walking towards the web against the wall and pulling on it. He smiles when he sees it won’t come off. “How did you do it? You messed around and accidentally got to it?”
There’s a whole lot more going on in the center. There’s a free clinic, a thrift shop where they can get cheap clothes, and whatever else you need. And on the day of the opening, Peter invited as many people as wanted to come and volunteer at the center.
“Well, uh, I was born here but I’ve lived in Malibu for a long while,” Tony says, pointing behind him without really thinking about it.
“Oh, right. If you’re going to sleep around, you can’t demand me to be a clean, good, well behaved woman that jumps whenever you call me. Buy a dog, Loki. You probably just like me because I’m the only woman who you can have that kind of weird affair with. And how do I know this isn’t just one of your tricks again?”
“On it,” Steve says, pressing around on the buttons for a bit before Peter takes pity on him and takes it over. Despite everything, Steve’s still not as handy with technology as he probably wishes he was.
It’s another eventful day in the tower. Granted, most of the Avengers have moved back to the compound, but it seems like it’s still their base for chilling on some occasions, which is why the penthouse is now currently filled with almost every member of the team, along with Peter, Harry and Johnny, who are holding their glasses of coke in their hands while they watch at what’s happening.
There are more people volunteering here, but these people are the ones they hang out most with. They know Peter and MJ pretty well, too. Hearing that they’re finally together, the group even said they were going to bring champagne for the next meeting – which they did, the idiots…
Since long has Natasha decided to give up trying to stop them. After her little sparring session with Steve she’s had a talk with him, where he expressed his discomfort of talking about sex so openly. Steve’s a shy person when it comes to these subjects, and Natasha can’t blame him at all for it.
“You know what? I don’t really want to know after all,” Peter interrupts him, nodding towards their main building. “C’mon, we’ll be late.”
“That’s not all that bothers you, is it?” she asks, because she’s all knowing – something she shares with Aunty Peggy.
Peter hurries to the back, heading towards Ned who looks like he’s asleep. On the other side of the line, he can hear noises.
There’s no news on what happened the evening before. Nothing on TV, nothing in the newspapers. Nobody even mentions it online. It’s as if nothing has happened.
His fear becomes reality when all of the sudden the big guy turns around, right when Peter wants to strike. Oh, that naïve boy! He should have known better!
Eventually, Tony leaves the examination room. They’re going to do more tests, but Tony can’t help with them. He can’t do anything to help his friend for now. The only thing he can do is make a promise that he will do everything in his might to make Rhodey walk again.
“Uh, how about Gwen? You two still together?” Harry asks then after a while. “You know I met her. She seems nice. Way out of your league, of course.”
“Wait? Are you guys too drunk or too dumb to see that we’re in New York right now and she gave you all an address in Sydney, you know, Australia! It’s the address Dory always repeats in Finding Nemo, you dumb twats!” Wade yelled, but nobody listened to him.
Peter frowns, wondering who this Peggy is. They mentioned her before once when they were fighting about something, but so far Peter has no idea who she is or what makes her so important. Though he’s sure she is.
“You’re the nephew?” one of them suddenly says. Or, they could just be surprised that they finally get to meet him. Jesus, has Natasha been telling so much about him. Peter leans towards her.
“Please, Peter,” he cries out through his sobs. The tears run freely over his cheeks now, his head is pounding. He puts Peter’s face against his shoulder, resting his hand behind his head to keep him stable. There’s nothing more he can do but hold his boy in his arms. There’s nothing more that he
“Iron Man?! What are you doing robbing a bank? You’re a billionaire?” Peter continues, easily pushing the man away towards the Hulk, who in turn falls to the ground again, as well. The Cap picks up a weapon and points it towards Peter.
“Well, yeah, he did some horrible shit, Peter. You can’t deny that, hell, he even attacked you two times already-“
Natasha and Clint exit the elevator, motioning for Peter to follow, which he does. Passing the rooms, he can see through the open doors that they’re helping out some of the victims of the battle. In one particular room, a doctor is stitching up Sam’s arm.
“I’ll go talk to him. But I’m glad you came, Tony,” Sharon says, quickly giving Tony a kiss on the cheek before turning to Peter. “And we’ll talk again, soon. I want to know everything about you.”
“Things happened the way they did. Now we have this amazing son who actually loves me, rather than a son who hates my guts. I wouldn’t want to turn back time and meet him earlier because that became such a shitshow.”
“Shit, shit, shit,” Peter mutters, suddenly standing up and running towards the workshop. What he sees there is nothing but a mess. Tony must have thrown a small rampage here, probably in anger. Peter runs to his desk, searching for the flip-phone. “Where is it?” he mutters to himself. When he looks to the side, he finds it lying on the ground. Did Tony throw it there? Peter picks it up and flips the screen open.
A long silence comes then. While Vision is keeping on eating his plate empty, Tony pokes back into his food while staring ahead, thinking it over. For a moment, Peter’s just going to tell him to forget about it. It’s not that important, after all.
“I don’t really want to go home,” Tony answers in return. He can feel Steve suddenly looking at him, and wonders why he’s so quiet all of the sudden. But then, the bump against his shoulder surprises him.
“Give me a minute, alright?” he asks. Bruce lifts up his thumb. Ned, Harry and MJ carefully join Bruce into the elevator. When Bruce makes a joke about not getting him angry right before the door closes, Ned’s face turns awfully pale. Peter ends up laughing the moment he sees it.
“C’mon, can’t you just make an exception this one time?” he tries. He can’t just do the thing without at least trying to convince her to get him off the hook.
While Peter was trying to find out the truth about his dad’s disappearance, Harry came up with the crazy idea that Spider-Man’s blood would be a cure for his illness. After Peter – as Spider-Man – gave him a visit, he quickly refused to give it; there was just too much Peter didn’t know about his blood, and giving it to Harry could be lethal.
“No Steve! Stop defending the ass all the time! He’s done nothing but make everything harder for us all the time!”
Yaël was a bit surprised to see Peter, so her brain malfunctioned for a second. The cold and the whiskey surely didn’t help, even though she only had one glass. “P-parker, I mean park, is, eh, yay! But Mc Dreamy just died, so I’m mourning… Hey, wait, are you stalking me?”
Yaël rubbed her eye and sighed. “What great news,” she answered sarcastically. “Can I go to sleep now?” The woman rolled her eyes and walked out, locking Yaël up once again.
“I’m not planning on disappointing him, honestly, what do you even think of me? I’m just not going to like it a whole lot.”
“Hey!” she grumbled as she tried to cling into his shirt, but that didn’t help so she still fell down. After Steve helped her up again, the teens were long gone.
They never spoke to each other, until that day. When Peter returned to school after a few days of staying at home, Harry was there with him, and gave him a box of chocolates.
Tony gets out, and Peter starts laughing. Just as he writes down the answer to his exercise, the school bell lets out a loud ring to indicate that it’s time.
“Hey, Steve, who’s the robot?” somebody asks behind them. They turn around, finding an unfamiliar person behind him.
keep anything quiet from his aunt. Except, you know, being a superhero, of course. So he just drops the journal he’s holding and hands it out to Aunt May after folding the corner.
She grins at him, patting him on the cheek twice before turning around. Without much trouble, she frees her hand from Peter’s hold and she starts walking.
of the Avengers,” Ned starts, but Peter quickly interrupts him to say that that’s not true, “but you’re also the secret and only heir to Stark Industries?”
“They’re working on curing him, but it’s difficult. They have a few promising possible but experimental treatments, but we don’t know anything until we can try them out. For now, I’m not allowed to see him so they let me watch some of his progress in Steve’s office.”
“Very well,” Vision returns. After that he flies off. Tony’s playful grin disappears slightly before reappearing, though clearly less convincing. Pepper knows what losing JARVIS did to him. But given the circumstances, nobody has really given Tony the time to grieve. Actual people were dying, after all; how could Tony mourn the death of his AI?
“You should if it’s the right thing to do,” Peter finishes. He closes his eyes after that, leaning back in bed. The hand in Tony’s loses strength, and for a moment Tony wonders if he actually fell asleep like this.
“O-okay,” Flash stutters out. He jumps out of the Audi and instructs his date to do the same. The blonde girl looks extremely annoyed at that. Peter smirks once he’s behind the wheel. Just to get some payback for the past few years, he ‘accidentally’ bumps up against a few parked bikes and a trash can.
“You know I don’t,” Tony answers automatically. It’s his usual answer whenever Steve asks it. Does he resent him? Of course he doesn’t.
“Maybe…” she mumbled as she looked down. Okay, so she was only wearing a T-shirt and panties. Normally she’d walk around like that, but with Steve being a prude, she decided to look for some real clothes.
“I know, but you should ask him, anyway,” Logan returns with a wink before walking off, following the other teachers back outside. Tony looks back at him in confusion, not really understanding him all that much. Mutants have always been a matter far from him; they always have their own thing to do, after all.
A group of teenagers is surrounding it, looking at it in admiration. One of those is Flash, and next to him stands Eddie Brock.
He smiles before he can think better of it. His finger passes over her face, so close to his on the photo. Instantly, Peter wishes they ware a bit more in the future, where he could just invite her over without it being awkward.
At the last door, he finally finds Johnny. He looks passed out, lying on his back in bed with only half his clothes on. There’s another girl lying there with him, almost completely naked aside from her underwear. Peter tries not to look at her too much. Instead, he walks up to Johnny, does his best to get him clothed again, and eventually picks him up.
“I just asked Shuri and MJ, and given that they’re both insane dancers on the side, we put something together,” he says. Then, suddenly, one of the wardrobe girls pull on Tony’s hair. When he looks down, he suddenly recognizes Shuri. She takes off her glasses and the beret she was wearing. The girl who was helping dress Peter up takes off her disguise as well, revealing MJ.
“Let me guess, it made you horny as fuck?” Yaël asks, unashamed. Peter feels his cheeks redden before he throws himself back down on the bed, repeating his position from earlier. Yaël just laughs it out, then. “Don’t worry, I don’t have a secret crush on you, Peter. My libido’s just… extremely high, I suppose.”
Peter laughs lowly. He doesn’t know where Tony is guiding him to so he just follows. Suddenly, a window opens up, revealing it was actually a door. Behind it, there’s some sort of pillar. Peter can’t take his eyes off it.
“No, I’m sorry as well. I was moving a bit too fast the clearly see anything,” he counters. Liz nervously pulls her hair out of her face and gives him a smile, which gives Peter a slight chill as well. Clearing his throat, he takes another step, only to the side, to clear her path.
But, first, Peter has somewhere he needs to go. And as he explains it to Gwen, she nods and agrees to come with him. Peter knows the way by heart, having lived there almost all of his life. Once he gets to the apartment, he crawls up the wall, right up to the floor he remembers being theirs.
Peter startles when, all of the sudden, strong arms are wrapped around Peter’s shoulders and he’s pulled back into a strong hug.
“Oh, it’s those guys that were knee-deep into the Hand-business. You know about the explosion in Midland Circle, right?” Ned asks. Peter remembers reading something about it, yes. “Well, it talks about six members; an indestructible man known as Luke Cage, a super strong woman whose name isn’t clear, a man who calls himself the ‘Immortal Iron Fist’ with every chance he’s got, a badass woman with her blades and a nurse with kick-ass fighting skills.”
So the adults starts heading out as well. Shuri and Peter follow close behind, Shuri’s arm crossed into Peter’s as they walk down the street. When they all suddenly stop in front of a large car, Peter realizes they haven’t come here by foot. He shouldn’t have been surprised.
“Finally,” he breathes out while hurrying towards Peter. Silently, Steve closes the door again behind him, but the Captain stays there, not coming closer. “Hey, champ, how are you feeling?”
Harry and Hilde are heading out, Scott and Hope have their little apartment. There’s not much left to choose from, after all.
“So, now that Peter’s moving out, do you have any plans, May?” Steve asks in between his bites, pulling Peter out of his train of thoughts. May smiles and nods.
“A business-talk? Haven’t had those since you grounded me,” Tony mutters, knowing he’s being a bit childish about that, but in all honesty, he doesn’t really care about it.
“Okay, I’ll have to guess then! Hmm, I heard rumours in the hallways about the Grandmaster having a huge sex-drive... So he probably has some favourites which he picks to do it with.” Loki not reacting to that made Yaël raise her eyebrows. “No way!” she let out. “He managed to make you his toy!”
“We need to get these hands checked, Tony. I think you actually broke a few fingers,” Steve says, and with that he helps the man get up at last. With an arm wrapped around him, Steve supports Tony out of the building through the private exit. It’s Steve who drives all the way back to the compound, and they’re both completely quiet the entire way.
But his eyes don’t agree, and Peter quickly holds out his hand, ready to shoot some webs in Harry’s face as a first defense. He just needs to get out.
But eventually, Tony finishes the speech, revealing that he’s funding all of the projects and making countless of students happy. Then, after a little while, Tony gets off the stage and instead, and Peter starts to get out of his seat to join him, only to remember that, to all of these people here, Peter is just Tony’s intern.
Tony is aware of Peter’s friends asking him where he is. He’s missing his classes – Tony already explained something to the school. It’s possible for Peter to still succeed the semester, but he’s going to have to work hard after missing all those classes. But that’s a worry for later. He gives Johnny a little update on him. He’s sure Johnny will explain it to Peter’s other friends.
Peter snorts. “You weren’t even interested in Gwen anymore. Why are you suddenly turning this into such a big deal?!”
“But Dad, what about this; I’ll look after Strange while you hold down that crazy guy over there?” Peter suggests. He can agree on not fighting along, but he can at least make sure Strange doesn’t die on the spot.
“Yes, it’s her sister. She somehow managed to get here and is after Yaël. Good thing Yaël somehow managed to pin the girl down in all that chaos.” With that, Tony just nodded and put his finger for his lips, thinking. Then he signed at Steve to follow him out of the room, leaving Yaël alone.
His heart breaks a little bit when Steve turns away again without response. As soon as Ross leaves with the warning that, if they don’t agree, they’ll retire, everybody gets up again, and Steve is the first one to leave the room, grabbing the book and taking it along with him.
“Steve let me in, he just came back home when I arrived,” Harry explains before Peter can ask. Then he throws himself on the bed and goes to lie down on his back, eyes looking at the ceiling. Peter clears his throat as he inspects his friend.
The moment Peter makes eye-contact with him, the Goblin throws down a smoke-bomb that surrounds them in a wide circle. Another wide and creepy smile appears on his face, but he does not approach. Neither does Peter, who suddenly feels something extremely uneasy in his chest.
Though the few times she went to the compound, it was to accompany Tony. Despite the fact that he’s no longer an active member of the Avengers, Tony still provides for them. Making sure that they have everything they need and the place hasn’t burned to the ground yet, Tony pays his random little visits that never last longer than an hour. To Pepper, it’s always funny to see his interactions with the people of the team. With Rhodey, for instance, it’s obvious they act the way they’ve always done.
Because he’s heard what the people want. He knows the compromises he’s getting from them. Knows what would happen if he wouldn’t fight for his former team.
Yeah, it wasn’t a proud moment for Thor, who, while embarrassed about it, admitted to the fact that he’d thought she’d broken up with him after the fight. What the argument was about, Peter has no idea. What he does know is that Thor is, to this day, still trying to get Jane’s forgiving for disappearing. This means that he’s running random errands, doing stupid things like charging up her phone by pointing at it, and that he has to cook. And that, of course, all next to being king of an alien Kingdom that is now rebuilding in Norway.
“Yes, he did,” Mary manages to lie eventually, though she’s clearly still taken aback. She walks up to where Tony figures Richard’s desk should be. There she grabs a file. “He said that he would get it tomorrow but I needed to get out of the house for a bit and thought I could grab it.”
“Of course, and I’m pretty sure watching a nervous Norse God stumble over his lines can be pretty funny,” Tony returns.
Of course, Ned is an awesome guy. He’s a good friend, he’s smart, and he loves Star Wars just as much as Peter does. But he also runs his mouth more often than not, and there have been a few times where Peter had to kick him in the legs for almost revealing to the entire school that he’s Tony Stark’s son.
“Yeah I’m fine, just… got some weird news today that I still have to process,” Peter says. Tony nods slightly and leans back against his desk.
“You know, they sent this idiot to me because they figured I need friends?” Yaël says. Peter looks up again and sees her pointing at Wade with her thumb. The guy pretends to be offended, but nobody listens to him.
! It’s moving day! All the Avengers’ stuff being transported to the compound!” Peter realizes. “He’s gonna rob Dad’s plane! I gotta stop him!”
After a while of living in the cave, some sort of spaceship had descended from the sky and it had stopped right above the lake, like it was waiting for Loki and Yaël to come out. Yaël, who back then didn’t know yet that the name Loki only meant trouble.
Peter nods, realizing that he can’t speak anymore. When Tony’s close enough, he throws himself into his arms, letting out loud sobs and unable to stop shaking. Crying underneath the mask is never a good idea, but it’s not like he can just pull it off like that.
“You. You survived that fall. That makes you quite a worthy candidate,” the woman said while walking around Yaël, looking at her from every angle. “You don’t have much muscle though, so they’ll probably put you in first rank or something.”
“Falcon, the Goblin!” he yelled at the guy with the wings, then he put his hands in the air and made a pull-sign. The winged-dude, Falcon, got there first and pulled the attacker, the Goblin, out of the water. They started struggling in the air, which made Falcon drop his target. Yaël looked at the man with the bow, who fished Peter out of the water. Then she saw the Goblin fall on the ground, jump up and running off.
“I’m fine, Helen can look it over, remember?” Steve says tiredly. Tony shakes his head, turning Steve around in search for more. In Steve’s arms there are a few more shards as well. At least nothing in the face. He’s pretty sure that, while Steve can heal from most things, blindness isn’t really one of those.
“Thank you, Mr. Stark,” Peter answers shyly, accepting the pen Tony offers him and then signing his name. After that, Tony offers him another empty form where he needs to fill in his own stuff.
“Mr. Stark, I’m sure you know from Mrs. Parker that Peter’s had a rough time this past year. We understand that his emotions have been tested, now-“
Out of the blue, clouds gathered and thunder rumbled through the sky. With that, an enormous bolt of lightning struck into the castle. Yaël even had to hold her had above her eyes, covering them from the light to see what was happening.
It goes on for a bit before the dance floor starts emptying a bit. Casting a look towards their table, Peter is glad to see Tony clearly in a discussion with Rhodey about something, with T’Challa and Bruce giving them an amused look.
The kid was so right… she had been a complete twat. Though, she still didn’t feel like ‘hanging around’ the way he meant to: the superhero-kind- of-way.
Tony says quietly, low enough that the people around them can’t hear it. Slowly, he’s nearing his son in the middle of the circle. The guy on the ground makes a painful sound, spitting out some blood.
“You know what’s fun about hanging around in the school?” Wade asked while his wooden horse went up. They were sitting on a horse-mill, a classic one, made of wood and painted with pretty colors.
He used to be full-time, but his injury has made it hard for him to be in action for long times. He’s not exactly in pain, but it’s not always easy. So sometimes he joins the battles (mostly the bigger ones that require extra assistance) and other times he stays behind the screens, offering help doing research.
Tony jumps up from his chair, passing his hand over everything on his desk and throwing it all on the ground. Then, in a moment of total rage, he turns around and lets out heavy, low breaths while staring Steve right in the eyes.
“I’ve noticed,” Peter mutters, thinking back of how Natasha practically addressed him as her nephew. It’s weird, to suddenly have so many people caring about him. “I don’t mind it, though.”
“Close your eyes, it’s going to get bright for a few seconds,” Mr. Stark warns him, and Peter listens, putting his free hand over his eyes and shielding them from the bright blue glow that surrounds them shortly. Once it’s gone, he opens his eyes again, taking a good look around them.
“Don’t! He’s just absorbed all that heat. You don’t want to touch him right now,” he warns him, his mask off. Everybody gets back in the building carefully. Peter gives MJ a look, reaching out his hand for her to take. When she does, she squeezes his in affirmation. She’s fine, she’s not worried.
,” she tells him dryly before pulling her hand away and get back to the couch. Natasha snorts for a short moment before turning her head to the side to hide that fact away.
“I expect candlelight and champagne then, Tony,” Steve mutters with a grin. Tony lets out a laugh and nods, shuffling closer towards Steve and resting his head on the Captain’s chest. He closes his eyes when a hand comes to rest on his shoulder, enjoying the hold he’s in.
“Because the maid Isse is a blonde and she surely isn’t blind.” Yaël heard the counselor of the King of Helvegen again, which caused the return of the buzzing her ears.
“No, no, that’s not how the game works,” she counters. “You answer my question and then I’ll answer one of yours. I won’t hold back.”
He can’t find it in himself to change it, mostly because it’s a little tune Gwen used to tease him with all the time. She has been the one to set it in the first place, and to change it right now would almost feel as if he would erase the memory of her.
Yaël felt the lump in her throat growing bigger. “Alright, this isn’t working. I’m calling your aunt,” she said, trying to hide the fact that she needed to leave him before she’d collapse right in front of him. Peter grabbed her arm. “No, she had a night shift and she’s probably sleeping,” he muttered out, trying to breathe between his sobs.
Peter decides to get out and check out the rest of the penthouse. Seeing as this is probably all his to inherit one day, he at least deserves to have a look around. So Peter opens the door, revealing an open hallway with only two more doors. Peter ignores the one right in front of his own, instead going for the one on the far end on the right, since it’s already open. There he sees that there’s some sort of office, probably made for when Pepper lived here and wanted to work at home.
I remember how fast suddenly the chapters seemed to rush out, while, when I started the story all the way last year I had only gotten about four chapters done until August 2017. It all went by so fast, I can't really comprehend it.
“So, since when exactly did the Goblin escape?” Peter tries to ask the moment they touch ground on the roof. So far they haven’t been spotted yet, but he knows that it won’t be the case for much longer. As he speaks, he hears his voice shake a bit, revealing a sudden emotion he knows hasn’t subsided yet – it probably never will.
“If you want, I have a couple of good doctors who could take a look?” T’Challa asks. Tony blinks twice before shaking his head.
“Whoa, calm down there, kiddo, you got some bomb-shards in your shoulder that we need to fish out, first.”
“I mean, not that I’ve been stalking after you or something, of course. I’ve just been very observant, especially after that weird stunt you pulled with almost breaking that intern’s arm?”
But Yaël knew better, her powers had nothing to do with her limbs, using them just made everything easier. She opened the palm of her other hand and let a little flame dance on her fingers. See? She didn’t even have to move to do that. The flame turned into a little ballerina, with tutu and everything. A ballerina, made out of fire. The little person on her hand danced and danced, as smoothly as a real one, pirouette after pirouette.
Peter quickly changes back into his normal clothes. His bag is not stolen for a change, given that he’s making sure it’s
Yaël cocked her eyebrow. God bloody damn it! She could’ve been healed a week ago! Clint’s laughing stopped abruptly when he smelled smoke. He looked down and saw his pants were on fire.
Peter smiles at her, and then gives her a little wave. He remembers the day he had been introduced to her as Tony’s son. At first, there seemed to have been surprise on her part, but that didn’t take too long before she started slapping him on the arm, saying ‘I told you there was a mini-you somewhere!’ for about five times. She’s the one who helped them out during the entire ‘legal father-and-son’ thing, and has been kind of an unofficial distant aunt of some sort. He doesn’t see her too often, but when she’s there she’s always making sure that he’s doing alright.
Bruce joins Tony. Steve goes alone. Everybody who has a suit is suited up. Bruce just gets some firearms meant for stunning as well. Peter and Mantis are headed to the apartment first to pick up Peter’s uniform. His
“Which is why I’m here, because right now Peter’s dying and we, together, are the only ones who can save him.”
“Right,” Johnny returns, clearing his throat again. After a few more seconds of awkward silence – what is happening?! – Johnny pulls up another wide grin before grabbing Peter by the arm. “Oh, I can introduce you to some people I’ve been hanging out with! We can all hang out together!”
Finding himself back in the tower with a hyperactive kid crawling around in the penthouse, Tony finds himself staring at his now eight-month-old-son along with Bruce, who seems interested in it all, too. It’s lucky, really, that he didn’t join in on the mission to Paris.
And much like he’d expect it, the guy lets out a painful grunt, probably having broken at least a few bones. But Peter’s not done with him. When he pulls out a gun and points it towards him, Peter just snatches it out of his hands, barely missing the shot. Then he throws in a punch. And another one. He goes on and on, leaving the guy’s face bloody and bruised, probably having lost a few teeth. The guy doesn’t fight him again.
“Dad, you’re not an abuser. We’ve talked about this already, okay?” Tony shakes his head and turns around again. With his back facing the two of them. “Dad, please?”
The Talkshow: The talkshow of revelations, or otherwise called as 'that one time Steve came out on live television'.
even get to be sad. But… it’s a whole lot better than ending up in a loveless marriage, being a parent to a couple of kids you’ve never wanted.”
“I know who you are, and I know that you suspect Stark’s your father,” she explains. When she’s looking at what Peter’s staring at, her face falls a little bit. Still, she doesn’t say anything, instead handing him a vial of blood. Mr. Stark’s details are still on it with a sticker, so Peter pulls that off to keep it hidden from Dr. Cho. She doesn’t need to know that the man who’s funding her is the father of Spider-Man.
“You know, in case you were trying to be ‘mean’,” Tony does some airquotes to accentuate his point, “it’s pretty much failing given the fact that I
But, for the few times that he thinks about texting his friends, he usually gets a pretty quick reply. He realizes he’s probably screwed something up when, after five texts of him trying to get everybody together for another Pizza-evening, Yaël still doesn’t answer.
Peter just stares. He wants to turn away, but on the other hand he needs to be sure that it’s still Harry next to him and not the Goblin again. When Harry notices, he frowns at him.
love him, he didn’t have much else to say. After all, when he was the one in Peter’s shoes, he didn’t need people coddling over him all the time.
Tony stays silent for a bit. Peter then does his part and puts a hand on his chest before bowing down.
“You could have died!” Cap says, pointing towards Peter to prove his point. Hawkeye rolls his eyes and slings his bow over his shoulder.
“I can just imagine it. The apple doesn’t fall too far from the tree,” Tony jokes. “So how did you fix it?”
“Good morning! What’s the day bringing us?” he asked cheerfully. Thor ended up with and eyepatch and Yaël with a wheelchair, that was how much damage Hela had caused them.
And that’s when he comes across a bank robbery. He smirks, puts his web fluid back in the shooters, and gets off his ass.
Tony startles, looking up from the microscope and finding Id-Jit already standing at the door where Steve is currently trying to get away from him. Steve, who is right now wearing his Captain America uniform.
“You left your empty bottle in your pants. Peter, something happened to me and now I kind of know everything. I don’t have too much control over it yet so I accidentally found out you stopped going to your psychiatrist ever since you got to college.”
“Peter said something about Christmas back at Dr. Strange’s. What exactly was he talking about, Tony?” Bruce asks. Tony turns to him and gives him a faint smile.
“You were down in the water quite a while, are you sure you don’t need to be looked at?” Cap continues his questioning. Just as Peter wants to flip away the question, Hawkeye answers for him.
“You can stay in bed as long as you like, as long as I’m allowed to stay, too,” Steve jokes. Tony breathes out before turning around, finding Steve’s blue eyes almost immediately. He smiles when the man pulls him closer and kisses his lips.
“I don’t know. I don’t care. Just make sure to see him before you head out. He’s in the workshop,” she tells him before taking her stuff and heading out into a hallway. Where it leads to, Pepper has no idea. While she and Tony designed the tower together, she never really had (or wanted) any say in the compound.
But then suddenly the others are there as well. First it’s Natasha who comes, joining in on the hug. She’s followed by Bruce, Clint, and eventually even Wanda and Sam. Rhodey slowly moves their way as well with Vision behind him to make sure he doesn’t fall. Feeling a bit like he’s squeezed to death in this group hug, Peter couldn’t imagine the night to get any better.
“I don’t know, he sort of fell from the sky.” Yaël remembered sudden bright light in the middle of the night and out of the blue this man had been knocking on her door.
He finds it a bit of a shame, the way the guards treat some of them. After all, they’re all still human beings.
“Eh, three is better than none, right?” Tony suggests. The joke doesn’t catch. Ross rests his head on his fist and gives him a long look, which Tony ignores.
Tony shrugs. “We had a fight… I don’t know, it’s just… he was sneaking out at night, going on patrol. And when I asked him about it, he lied straight to my face about it.” He rubs his forehead. “I don’t know how to do this, Nat. I’ve no idea how to be a father, no matter how much I like to pretend I do.”
“You’re missing an eye,” Loki answered like the wise-ass he was, answering Thor’s hit with another one.
“They were amateurs,” she says. Tony snorts. After filling up the glass, he hurries towards Rhodey and Happy. Vision and Wanda, who have gotten a glass from Harry as well, are standing by the window. They’re keeping space between them; Peter wonders why they’re being so careful around each other?
“My choice is simple; I would fuck Widow, Marry Cap and kill Iron Man,” one last girl says. Peter feels his entire body go cold at the confidence the girl has about her decision. He shouldn’t let it bother him, but it still does.
“Yeah, that guy. Still haven’t managed to talk to him,” Steve mutters bitterly. Mr. Stark just laughs as he shakes his head.
“Shhhh.” Then there’s another kiss on the lips. Tony shuts his mouth at last, waiting for Steve to continue. “Honey, I’m not proposing, it’s
He winks towards Barnes, feeling like the guy might need a little push to feel comfortable. Natasha seems happy that he’s trying like that. Before he leaves the room he can see her slotting her arm in his as she pulls him along.
“Oh, he was,” Michelle counters. She’s slowly walking up to him, her bag swinging over her shoulder. Her hair is messy as always, but Peter figures it’s just how she like to wear it. “But I could have stopped him easily.”
“HOLY SHIT, YOU PYROMANIAC!” He yelled at her while slapping around, trying to put out the fire. With a smirk, Yaël make the fire disappear like it had never even been there. Clint looked up, also smirking, but his smile looked a bit more dangerously. “Oh, girl, this means war!”
“Then tell me,” Peter almost begs. “Tell me what happened. Maybe I can work on it?” But Tony shakes his head, suddenly stopping in his tracks while giving Peter a long look.
“Is this what they teach you at school in Germany? Together with changing eye color?” Wade sat down again and spread his legs over the entire sofa. Not that it bothered Yaël, her rug was fluffy enough to even sleep on. She knew that out of (drunken) experience.
“I said he did everything he could to be here. And he did!” Sam shouts in the back. A few of the others laugh. “I’ve never seen such good behavior from
A few hours later, she walked back home, looking muddy and completely soaked. Her shoes made squishy noises as she walked into the hallway. Once she opened the door to her apartment, she sprinted into the shower, leaving her clothes on. After that, she hung her clothes to dry, put on a gigantic T-shirt, panties and nothing else.
“Yeah, he’s inside,” Bruce says, pointing in the room with his thumb before walking off. When Steve enters, the door slides shut behind him.
He pays attention to class, answers the teacher’s questions and makes notes. It’s the only way for him to keep himself from thinking back about yesterday. Tony will be leaving tonight, all the way to Wakanda. But Peter doesn’t really want to see him right now. Not because he’s angry, but because he’s ashamed. He’s been a pretty crap son, after all.
“Please, don’t,” Peter groans. He sits down at his desk next to Tony’s, gives Dum-E a pat on his head, and then starts drawing out the first drafts for his newest idea, since the suit is – according to Tony – completely finished.
“Why’re you interested?” she asks, ducking as a ball passes over her head. She grabs another one from the air and throws it away again.
“I’m not, Tony. Honey, stop talking for a moment,” Steve calls out, grabbing his hands while crawling forward for a bit.
Pepper feels sad that none of the Avengers seem to understand Tony as much as she does. When she notices his slight discomfort, she reaches out to take his hand into hers, kissing his knuckles in reassurance. Tony gives her a sad smile. Of course, he’s told her everything about it. Who else would listen to him other than her and Rhodey?
The sound of footsteps interrupted Yaël’s humming as she ripped the plastic off. She looked up and saw an old man with an eyepatch walking up the hill. He didn’t notice her as she was a bit further away from him. She also had put her camp behind a rock, so she was a bit tucked away, you know, for privacy reasons. The man looked peaceful as he walked towards the edge and stared at the sea.
Despite it only being October, Peter finds that the Decathlon team is always busy. With weekly practice sessions, in which he’s barely been paying any attention to be honest, he’s already given along the news that he wouldn’t be joining them to Washington.
But yet, they somehow always ended up back in each other’s arms…  Wait, no, her mind was tricking her. She surely wasn’t missing Loki, she was just thinking about Jason and comparing him a bit with Loki, which was nothing wrong with. Because, unlike Loki, Jason had a normal job and wasn’t trying to rule over the planet. He was no evil trickster-genius, just a cocky bastard with whom Yaël could have discussions about the stupidest things too.
“Thanks,” Peter says, grateful that she corrected that part. Then after another nod, Peter runs away through the crowd, making his way to the entrance of Stark tower. He’s probably the only one getting inside, while everybody’s running out to check and see what’s going on in the streets. Slightly out of breath and feeling like he’s about ready to just fall down, Peter runs towards the reception, where he’s not surprised to see this
The way to medical bay is familiar. So are the people he comes across, each one looking more defeated than the other. It’s almost like they’re all at the verge of starting to apologize to him when they notice the glee on his face.
Yaël shrugs. “Nothing much. I’m mostly here because Raido’s currently the only heir to the throne. But even when Jane’s kid is born, the Asgardians will pretty much expect this little prince to be here often enough.”
He shrugs out of the suit in the elevator. Given that it’s the private one, there’s no chance of him coming across anybody while standing there in his underwear. Rolling the suit up into a tight ball, he looks up at the ceiling, watching the numbers go up and up, slowly but surely reaching the floor of the penthouse.
“You go get washed up. I’ll finish with Happy downstairs with listing everything down and then we’ll go get something to eat. Oh and your friend Ned apparently is going to come by – something about Star Wars? I told FRIDAY to just let him in.”
Instead, he steps into the elevator once it opens up for him, and he takes a deep breath. He doesn’t need to press the button for the ground floor, FRIDAY already doing it for him, instead. Peter looks at the ceiling with a thankful expression before stretching his arms a bit.
“A family matter. My father’s in jail for a crime he didn’t commit. There’s somebody who can get him out, but I need the money for it.”
The two adults look at the screen with frowns, as if hating to be proven wrong. But even Peter knows that the camera images aren’t lying. Dum-E
“Ms. Romanoff has asked me to pass along this message.” On the TV screen, a video-message comes up. Tony probably forgot to unmute the incoming calls. He wonders how many he’s gotten in the past two days or so?
Peter hums in understanding, looking back to the city and taking in all the lights. Each of them is a family, spending the evening together. Or a lonely person, probably curled up behind the TV. Or those individuals that are currently working, much like aunt May right now.
The door eventually opens again. Steve, still in his prison uniform, walks in at last. His hands are still tied together behind his back, and they haven’t shaven off the beard or the hair for the occasion. He takes a few seconds to observe his surroundings, but then finally moves forward when one of the security guards assigned to follow him from New York pokes him in the back.
Then Steve is out of the room. Peter stands there for a little moment, eyes averted from the scene. There’s tears threatening to roll out. Tony reaches out for him, indicating that he needs to come close. Peter drops his bag again and sits on the side of the bed, allowing Tony to hug him tightly. It’s not an easy position, given the immobilization he’s currently in.
Peter never really questioned the fact that their far-fetched plan seemed to work out too perfectly, knowing their luck. The one thing that worked against them was the fact that once they got the gauntlet from Thanos, they couldn’t get it to Steve soon enough so Tony had to use it instead.
“Huh,” Peter mutters out. “I can barely even remember hitting him, but I guess being drunk can factor into that. Or, it’s also possibly Venom.”
Tinkering at school and then coming across one of the criminals from yesterday, Peter dares to say that his school day was everything but dull. He and Ned come to the agreement to meet up after school, but before Peter heads back home, he needs to make a quick stop at the Compound.
“Uh, hi guys?” Peter tries when they’ve been standing there for ten seconds without saying anything.
Tony shrugs. “It would have happened, I know it was reckless… I don’t know what came over me, okay? I was miserable.”
little wine during parties or anything of the kind. He keeps himself away from the dangers of alcohol with the help of Dr. Wynedell, his psychiatrist. In the past few months, he’s even gotten used to his heightened strength, though the amount of inventions that have come out since he’s got it is still significantly lower than normally.
Peter can return that sentiment, but he shouldn’t indulge himself too much in this. Carefully, he pries himself loose from her, taking a step back and clearing his throat.
Peter knows he’s in trouble. To be honest, he doesn’t know what got to him, remembering mostly just anger and… some feeling of betrayal.
“Last I checked,” Wanda responds, shrugging like it’s no big deal. Then the two jump into each other’s arms. With his head over Wanda’s shoulder, he feels so much at the same time; relief that she’s alright, sadness because he doesn’t know how long she’ll stay. Fear because she can easily get caught being back here.
“It’s alright, you’re worth it, son,” he tells him with a smile. “Though you might have given me a few more grey hairs. Maybe you should stop doing that, no?”
The next day, too, Yaël went to work. She even did some extra hours to please Diego. It rained all day, which sucked for someone who had to work outside. She surely hoped she wouldn’t get a cold again.
Peter would have laughed at the irony of going to an exhibition about Captain America while having met the person a few times had his aunt not been here. But the fact stays the same, and as she’s walking right next to him, holding a pamphlet in her hands about the ‘Howling Commando’s’ and pointing towards what must be an old prototype of Steve’s shield, Peter keeps in his laughter.
I'm sorry it took so long to bring this chapter, even more sorry that it's such a short one. I had figured a long while ago that this one wouldn't be as long, but the fact that I took a month-long holiday to the States kind of pulled me out of the groove of writing. But I've found it again, and I intent on finishing this one as quickly as possible!
Steve lowers his head but nods in agreement. Tony rolls his eyes, leaning his head forward until it’s resting against Steve’s chest, giving him a reassuring hug. Without speaking up, he lets FRIDAY order the usual for them.
“Everything alright, sir?” Peter tries, anyway. Cap turns to look at him, lowering his hand and sighing once more. Then he nods with a smile Peter knows isn’t all that genuine.
“Actually, my Dad isn’t CEO anymore. I mean, he owns the company, yeah, but Mrs. Potts is the boss for now.”
“What, why not? Why all these questions about my love-life, do you want a relationship with me?” she teased him.
Getting out of the suit is easier now; a quick push on the button loosens the suit. Peter can just walk out of it without having to dance his typical ‘
“I guess I’ll have to,” Tony agrees. Then he turns his head to the side when Steve nibs back underneath his ear. Looking at the new addition to his nightstand, he smiles. Without moving, he reaches out for the present, taking it in hand and pulling it closer. A warm feeling goes through him when he takes in the glowing blue Arc Reactor, very much made in some sort of trophy.
Tony looks up, seeing everybody looking at him with a sad expression. Except for Wanda, who isn’t looking at him at all.
Before he can collapse against the building, the Goblin picks him up again and flies him back into the air. Once more he’s grabbed by the throat. Peter’s hands try to get it off him as he’s getting a bit short on breath. He tries to scratch the Goblin’s hands – which is useless since he’s wearing gloves. Tries to kick him in the groin or the shins. Nothing works.
“I’m looking forward to be working here,” he admits, silently a bit proud that he made the cut. Though he has no idea if he made
“You do know that the chances are great that I’ll punch his brains out, no matter the fact that I might end up in isolation, right?”
He takes a deep breath, and waits for Aunt May to come home; there’s the matter of him possibly going to college that he needs to discuss.
“Let me put it this way; has Steve told you he resents you for it?” he asks. Tony throws him a sideways glance, but immediately turns back to the road.
“But Steve, Strange told me he needs Wanda to defeat the guy, and- wait, do you have an extra comm link? Maybe it’s better for him if he can join in on the conversation and-“
And Tony brainstorms, listing up things that would be good to keep. The things that aren’t important, he crosses out. If anybody can find a way to remove the fire from the nano-technology, it’s Tony Stark, for crying out loud.
realize Tony notices, and he’ll turn bright red from shame, drawing down furiously in his sketchbook and avoiding his look for the rest of the hour.
“I dunno, a week or two ago. I got a bit busy with school,” Peter explains. “Besides that I was mostly hanging out with Felicia…”
But the best part of love, he finds, is in Peter. His beautiful, wonderful, incredibly smart twenty-year-old son who is too good for anybody in this world with a heart as pure as gold and a soul shining so bright despite all the hits it’s taken. Out of all the people that Tony loves, he knows that Peter could be the only one who would make him do something incredibly stupid if anything would ever happen to him.
“C’mon Johnny, I don’t want to go to that stupid party,” Peter returns. “First day of school starts tomorrow and I need to be awake for it. Besides, you know I can’t drink!”
“I suppose that’s alright. Wouldn’t want to anger you after all,” the man says. He holds out his hand towards Bruce, and Bruce accepts the handshake. “I’ll find you, don’t you worry.”
“Wanda?” he asks, almost shouting her name. The girl smiles lightly but still keeps a bit of distance. She doesn’t shy away, though, when Peter takes a step forward. “You’re… here?”
“Looks like they’re back in action,” the scientist comments. Peter nods, dropping his phone and pencil. Now that the door is open, the argument is a bit clearer, though Peter tries not to listen to it.
“You know, like, Dust and Surge. They’re roommates, but damn they can fight! Surge is always like, ‘I like my body, so I should show it’ and Dust is like ‘cover upeveryting!’ and such! They are the worst roommates ever. You know Logan brought Dust from Afghanistan? She was a slave back there, poor soul. But on the other hand, Surge always lived on the streets. I don’t know whose side to pick here-“
Tony thanks his photographic memory for knowing his way around in this place. After just one short tour from a guy called Everett Ross – no relation – he’s mostly just been left to do his business, which Tony is still unclear of what that exactly is supposed to be, as he’s waiting for his phone call he’s sure he’s about to get.
“And what have you been doing this passed two weeks?” Peter asked. Yaël looked down at the pavement. What was she supposed to tell him? She didn’t want him to pity her. Hell, she didn’t even want her own pity.
“Don’t be afraid, I’m not telling anybody, nor are my fellow surgeons or nurses. Though I am interested in knowing how exactly Tony Stark’s son ended up becoming Spider-Man? Or how you even got Tony’s blood in the first place?”
Mr. Stark jumps out of the suit immediately after they’ve landed, and before Peter really knows it, his arms are wrapped around him in a tight hug. Mr. Stark is breathing heavily, in shocks – as if he’s at the verge of crying. Peter wants to assure him that he’s fine, but he knows he’ll be lying about that.
“- from a time where this all isn’t just considered normal. He’s been struggling the entire time about it all, Tony. He just doesn’t want to show it.”
“I’m pretty sure you know what we’re here to talk to you about, Peter?” the Principal says. Peter nods, shame already filling his entire thought. He just wishes Mr. Stark wouldn’t have looked so… disappointed at him.
“The guy with the wings is obviously the source of the weapons! I gotta take him down!” Peter defends himself.
As her hand reached the handle, she heard her sister mumble: “Just like mom…” Yaël quickly faced back to her sister while her hand was still resting on the handle.
“I-I just don’t know you guys. Nobody’s supposed to know, but yet here we are, Wanda knows, you know. I wonder who else does.” Who’s Wanda? Whatever, Yaël wasn’t supposed to know this boy’s secret and now she did, thanks to dickhead Wade.
Sam, who is a soldier much like Rhodey, seems just as interested about this like him. Tony can’t see his face, but the way he’s not fidgeting around is indication enough to Tony that he’s paying close attention. When Ross starts to talk about what the world owes to the Avengers, he shifts a bit in his seat, giving Steve a short glance before turning back to Ross. Clint, on the head of the table, seems about ready to fall asleep. Tony can’t see his face, but he’s pretty sure he’s already gone.
Sure, he has a better hang of his stronger powers now, but there are a few times where he loses control. And after putting all this work into the Starkaroid (he still needs to work on that name), he doesn’t want to start from scratch again.
“I’ve missed you, so much,” Steve tells him. Tony closes his eyes again, taking another deep breath. “I only had the updates from Nat, so how have you been, Tony?”
“I llllllo- I love you soooooooooooooooooooooo much T-Tony,” he hiccups out. He presses his face into Tony’s chest, rubbing up to him as if he were a cat. “I love Peter a-a-and I love y-y-you. I love y-you b-b-b-both! But not the s-same way of course or th-that’d b-be weiiiiiiiird.”
After making a call with Peter’s psychiatrist, Tony tells the kid that the way he’s feeling will take about a day or two, as long as he keeps on taking his medication. Peter doesn’t respond, instead just rests his head on his father’s lap and watches the TV playing something that’s supposed to be funny but can’t get a laugh out of him.
And so Steve takes out his phone, and he shows Tony what he captured. And, together in each other’s arms, they fall asleep on a couch that is in no way intended for sleeping in.
As if on cue, Steve suddenly storms out of the hallway, wearing an apron and holding an empty glass in his hands along with a towel.
“I thought you couldn’t get up?” Steve asked while carrying Tony bridal style, a giant smirk on his face.
“Can I at least know your name?” she asked while jumped on one leg as she tried to tie the laces of her shoe. The woman turned around very quickly and elegantly, her hair swung with her movement, and smiled, it was actually the first time Yaël saw her smile, though there was an obvious underlying emotion underneath it, as if she’s sad about something, perhaps?
Suddenly, there’s a crash. Eddie is thrown to the side with a painful grunt. Right behind the spot where he used to be is MJ, with black webs still attached to her hands, holding what looks like a metal plate she must have ripped off the roof.
“You could babyproof it anyway, and then keep the stuff? In case anybody you know ever gets a baby you can give them away as presents or something,” Bruce offers. Tony turns back to him, giving him a wide smirk.
They don’t say anything. Tony just lets Steve take his hand and squeezes his fingers in affirmation. Steve closes his eyes, shaking his head. Are they having some conversation between the two of them but inside their minds? Peter can’t really follow.
Steve is still here, awkwardly looking around the workshop. Peter gives him a short glance before sighing.
“You mean the raisin-looking guy who keeps on staring at you every Friday?” Laya asks. Peter growns in frustration, hating the pattern here. But at least now he can anticipate that he’ll have to endure the guy weekly. “But who is that girl with him? She looks kind of nice?”
Steve turns to look at Tony, who in turn looks down at his body. Right, he took off the suit a bit ago. Nervously, he scratches his head.
She’s fast, and agile. When she notices Peter following her, she blows him a kiss and gives him a wink. Then she continues on without turning back, even as Peter slowly catches up to her.
“Hey, I understand it,” Felicia says. “I know what it’s like to have everybody leave, but you know what helps me through the day?”
Using his webs to bind their hands together, the men find themselves unable to get free. With loud and breathy gasps, Peter then lets go of five more webs, aiming them at their feet to pull them along. As they glide across the floor, Peter opens the door back up and makes sure to install his signature web-trap for the police to find. After making sure that they won’t be able to escape, Peter hurries back inside.
“Peter, are you awake?” he asks. “Listen, I made some hot coco. There’s something we need to talk about.”
Peter’s somewhere around here, dancing with Shuri. Steve caught it in the corner of his eyes. It was rather fun to watch the kid with his friend. The smile on his face had warmed Steve’s heart, and he’s sure Tony must have felt the same way.
“What? I would have thought you’d think about this rationally, Steve! You know what I can do!” Peter shouts angrily.
“Good job, idiots,” Natasha mutters, finally finishing off the braid. Then she pushes James forward and gets off the couch, walking up to Steve and putting a hand on his shoulder.
Anyway, enjoy the chapter. No warnings this time, though maybe a bit of bullying towards the end. Also, you'll notice, the events of Civil War are slowly getting closer.
“C’mon, stop acting as if I’m going away forever! I’ll be there every two weekends!” Peter counters.
Sitting up in the bed, Tony realizes he’s naked. He’s not in the penthouse, but in what seems like a hotel room. Clothes are scattered on the ground, accompanied by multiple bottles of… wine? Tony can’t tell from where he’s currently seated.
“You should have thought of that before feeding me these lies. A robot called ‘Dummy’ put your homework away? Who are you even trying to kid? Now stop interrupting my class, Mr. Parker.”
When Peter tries to talk to Wanda about it, she asks him not to bring it up again. Instead, the two decide to watch a movie and get some distraction. It’s the next day that everybody
“I heard your parents were gross again?” she says sympathetic. She pats the couch then, giving it a pensive look. “I kind of like this couch. It’s soft.”
“We’ve all lost people,” Steve counters sadly. Tony then shakes his head and turns his gaze to the side, suddenly unable to look at Steve. That hypocrite.
Peter shrugs and then shakes his head, starting to make his way back to the changing room. Right now, all he wants to do is head home and not think about this again. Aunt May is there tonight, so they can roll up a movie and just spend the evening on the couch.
Peter takes the bag from Tony and stares at him with an open mouth. If he talks about ‘putting it on’, that could only mean one thing, right?
Despite being probably one-fiftieth Super-Soldier, there’s a lot of things that remind Peter that his dad is still not invincible, even when he wants to believe it himself. After a whole week at May’s, Peter drops his bag again in the living room of the penthouse, seeing Rhodey and Barnes sitting there like nothing much is happening in the world. Peter gives them a wave, they salute him back, though they’re both winking.
He had always known that Mary didn’t like him as much as he liked her, so he kept it to himself, sleeping around in an attempt to forget about it. Obviously, that never worked.
“Mini-Stark, why are you standing in the elevator in your boxers?” Clint asks, blinking a few times. Sam tilts his head a bit to the side.
“It’s alright, Peter. We can just be friends,” Felicia admits with a smile. Then she takes Peter’s arm and crosses hers with it. Starting up the pace again, Peter finds that Felicia seems to have a lot to talk about. She rattles on about the movies, some hot celebrities and so forth.
Steve just looks at Mr. Stark with a strange expression, and then starts walking towards the door without saying anything. But right before he gets to the door, he turns around again.
At first he would say he’d go with the apothis, like Natasha, mostly because of his repulsive reaction towards sex in the past few months. But… he figures that’s not extremely correct, neither. He
“How did that happen?” Peter asks, pointing towards the bruise. Tony touches his eye for a second before pulling away.
Steve stops the car in front of Steve’s house. Taking off his seat belt, he turns towards Tony and gives him a wide smile.
They’re discussion is stopped when all of the sudden Thor walks forward. He’s greeted by Heimdall at the end of the aisle. The gatekeeper slaps his shoulder shortly before pulling him into a hug. The man is going to be the one to lead the ceremony, which is why he’s standing where he’s standing right now.
Of course, Charles was able to make a complete chaos-dissolving plan in such little time. In only two hours, the whole school was cleaned, and some pieces were even already restored by a few strong students, guided by Scott, who seemed to be very handy. The more Yaël saw of Scott, the more she realized he was a real down to earth, domestic kind of guy. Kind of like Peter, but of course older and wiser.
He’s barely aware of Strange leaving, only pulled back into reality when he sees a pale hand appearing in front of him. Instinctively, he reaches out for it, feeling Peter’s cold, sweaty skin under his fingers.
“Mr. Parker, sit down immediately,” the teacher calls out. Peter finally removes his gaze from his friend to look at the teacher. She looks pissed off and ready to give him detention, but Peter shakes his head.
“Look,” Yaël conjured a flame in her hand, which grew bigger and bigger every second. “Feeling cold already?” she grinned at Hela, clamping onto her act even though her leg must be dead by now.  Hela’s lips turned a bit blue.
“I want a coke!” Peter adds in. Tony holds his thumb up before walking towards the table where the drinks are served. When he sees Otto starting a conversation with Peter, he feels that usual paternal pride he always has around his son.
He can see Harry telling him something, see his mouth move. But all Peter hears is this constant ringing. He frowns, pointing at his ears and shaking his head. Harry, in turn, makes a worried face and turns towards Johnny, who looks worried as well. In the back, he can see MJ and Felicia run back down, gun raised as they probably want to check out why there’s no more noise down here.
That and Wade put her in this stupid dress, maybe he just wanted a fight. Maybe he used her to make a fight. Yaël smiled at her own drunk stupidity.
! My kid. MY BOY! And you have the ability to go back and make sure that he won’t have his neck snapped by that purple bastard out there.”
Tony is careful, gentle, keeping an eye on Steve’s reaction to everything. He takes preparation well enough, takes every touch with as much enthusiasm as always. They feel each other, love each other, silently promise each other. Tony works steadily, reminding Steve every once in a while, with a soft whisper, how much he loves him. Steve constantly seems like he’s about to lose it. When Tony suggests to stop for a while, he refuses.
“They’re being jerks, is all. Don’t mind them, sport,” Steve says, frowning towards the two. Once they notice, they stop (in how much they can), pretending not to look at them anymore. “I actually made your dad some soup, but he couldn’t really keep it down. There’s leftover if you want it?”
“Uh, it’s past four in the afternoon?” Peter says. Yaël looks up in confusion, but then her eyes open up wide.
Tony hesitantly bumps his fist against Steve's, and everybody starts to laugh at Steve's proud face. Peter is just about ready to run away from the table and pretend he's not family to any of these people.
Steve nods at him. Tony gives him another quick peck on the cheek before heading out of the room. Getting to the elevator that leads to his workshop, Tony feels some sudden sense of worry passing over him. He can’t explain why, though.
“Good that he can make himself useful after all. Anyway, I’m off, got a hot date with the missus, after all,” Francis says, picking up his cup of coffee again and making his way back towards the door.
“Honey, where are you?” Tony asks while leaving the bedroom. The good thing about this place is the fact that their bedroom is on the main floor, which means they don’t have the take the stairs all the time. As a matter of fact, there is no upstairs. It’s all just a one-floor house with a super-smart AI installed in it and three stupid bots causing destruction in the garage.
He held her in his arms as the three of them looked at the demon in front of him, destroying what was once called Asgard.
“You’re welcome,” he whispered out, feeling tired again all of the sudden. With a heavy breath, he closed his eyes, allowing his body to take all of his energy to heal him. He would be feeling better when he woke up again.
The video ends, and Tony feels like his heart stopped for a moment. That was Peter, at the end. Five-year-old, little Peter, who didn’t know anything about what was happening. Whose life hadn’t already fallen apart around him.
He then feels Steve shake his head before the super-soldier pulls away again. Sharing a look, Steve takes a deep breath.
FRIDAY adds, making Francis look up, much like everybody does whenever FRIDAY speaks out. It’s not often that she makes an ‘appearance’ in Stark Industries when Mr. Stark isn’t around, but somehow she seems to be following Peter around.
“Okay, so who are we stalking again?” Yaël asked while stuffing her mouth with pizza. She had put her hair in a messy knot, but a few strings were accidentally left out.
Steve starts, but Mr. Stark turns around suddenly, pointing towards Steve with an angry expression on his face.
So after spending the morning at the school, the afternoon in his happy place in bed with a very handsome Captain as his companion, he’s ready to begin his evening making sure that Peter’s bedroom doesn’t look too much like nobody has been sleeping there for the past few months.
Peter’s still drying off his hair when he walks out. His bedroom is empty, so after grabbing his stuff he heads to the living room. Johnny’s still asleep – if he even got home last night – but there’s another presence seated on the couch. Peter recognizes her immediately.
“Of course you can, honey,” Yaël answered. She didn’t have a slightest thing against beliefs, but if a belief, preaching for hope and love, kicked you out for being in love, then there was something very,
Tony quickly looks at the clock on the wall. Eleven in the morning? How did that happen? Crap, he needs to sleep after this shit.
“Boys! Time for dinner!” May shouts in the background. The two look up towards the hallway. Peter’s bedroom at May’s apartment is a lot smaller than at the penthouse, but Peter’s pretty much used to it by now. He hurries out of his room with quick steps, gently poking his father in the side before getting into the hall.
“Okay what does this serum give us,” Tony mutters, pointing his finger to the holographic notebook on the screen. “First there’s the superhuman strength.”
“Steve, what’s wrong?” Tony asks with a loud voice as he uses his repulsors to keep a few aliens away from his partner. Steve turns to Tony with the biggest fear Tony’s ever seen in his eyes.
“All that anger I saw inside of him,” she starts lowly, “all that hatred for this one single person that has ruined his life. It was horrible to feel it. The idea that Peter walks around feeling like this most of the time, it must be wrecking for him.”
“You don’t, you’re just going to have this relaxing walk with me,” he answered without giving her a choice.
“I broke through the door while I was opening it. It doesn’t hurt too much,” he admits. Tony still takes his arms and inspects the cuts closer. While Peter then expects for the other Avengers to come, there’s nobody. He frowns a bit, almost ready to ask when Tony starts talking instead.
“Thank you, Mr. Stark,” Peter says, nodding towards the man who isn’t even seeing him right now. Peter decides not to pay too much attention to it, and starts making his way towards the door.
Right, Peter forgot that the floors underneath them are now inhabited and are also part of the private elevator.
“I love you,” Peter hears Steve mutter against Tony’s mouth. When Peter turns around, he can catch tears on Steve’s cheeks. What happened in Steve’s universe? Peter asked before, and Steve didn’t want to answer. He had been the first one Strange managed to pull back, and according to Natasha he hasn’t spoken about it at all since he came back. “I love both of you.”
Once Mr. Delmar and his cat are out, Peter quickly coms to the realization that they’ve escaped. While still holding the cat, he hunches his shoulders a bit and sighs.
“I appreciate that, Tony,” Steve says, sounding grateful indeed. Then there’s a light scrape of the chairs as the two men probably stand up. “How’s Peter been doing, by the way?”
“F- Felicia?” Peter mutters out, recognizing her instantly without the mask. He’s not sure it’s her; Felicia has dark hair and blue eyes, no? But, then again, didn’t he notice her wearing contacts a while back? Is Felicia even real?
“DA!” the kid shouts out, holding his arms towards Tony in an attempt to escape from Johnny’s grasp. The teenager seems to struggle with holding him like that. Without asking him anything, Johnny brings the kid closer to Tony until his little arms are wrapped around Tony’s neck.
Peter lowers the cup, eyes widening at the sudden heart-to-heart he’s having with Mr. Stark here. He quickly thinks back of the conversation he overheard between him and Steve, thinking back of how the guy had been going on and on about the medication Mr. Stark supposedly forgot to take.
“And what would be so horrible about that?” Steve asks. “Because the Tony I know is, to me, perfect the way he is.”
delicious, Tony realizes by now. Of course, he would have loved to stay a bit longer, spend some quality time with Steve, watch his son get better under the hand of Mantis.
It was safe to say that Natasha threw a fit when she found out. Though, instead of lingering on it, she started working forward. And she introduced him to Trish, Jenna, Reilly, and Mary. And with each date it seemed to get worse. Trish was kind of a drama queen, Jenna ate with her mouth open, Reilly hated art, and Mary was already talking about having children before the first hour was over.
Yaël looked up after hearing the clouds rumble. Something didn’t feel right. The sky suddenly looked and felt very sinister. It was time for Yaël to move, but right when she wanted to stand up and leave, some sort of green and black spot formed right behind the two brothers. It grew bigger and bigger, it almost looked fluid, like oil, as it licked the air while growing without blending in. Thor and Loki seemed to immediately grasp what was happening, because, with just one tap against the ground with his umbrella Thor changed from a normal-clothed guy to a god in full armour. Loki, too, changed from his extremely flattering, no, scratch that, that man didn’t have the right to be called handsome, suit to his typical clothing. The green-blackish cloud-thing must’ve been some sort of portal, Yaël noticed, as a woman stepped out of it. Well, if you’d call that a woman, she surely looked more like some sort of witch.
It takes a while before Peter remembers he shouldn’t be doing this. He pulls away so quickly that it startles Johnny, who looks confused all of a sudden. The two of them stare at each other for a few seconds. Peter shakes his head.
“Poor Petah,” Shuri mutters, turning her head in the direction of Peter’s bedroom. “I guess I should see how he’s doing.”
“I’m just thinking, honey,” Tony assures him, pulling Peter’s hand towards his lips to kiss his knuckles gently. Peter looks at him sadly, as if he knows exactly what’s going on in Tony’s head.
“I expect you are the other members of Avengers?” a woman asks next to them. Everybody turns around to find a pale, dark-haired woman looking at them with large, serious eyes. Only half of the group seems to recognize her, though the woman next to them is familiar enough.
But she doesn’t seem angry, instead smirking a little bit. Oh, no, this is it; the part where she’s going to show him his greatest fear, traumatizing him for life with images that he’ll never want to see ever in his life.
“LOOK AT MY PLATES!” she happily yelled, totally unaware that she lost her own poke-war and that she had been rejected by an unknown person just a minute ago. Yaël showed the plates she got from Wade. Steve just threw her a tired smile. Then he frowned, like he suddenly thought of something.
