"And who would that someone be," I say flatly.
"He's telling the truth though," Thor says, giving Lily a confused look, "you should know what he's talking about Lila."
"It's about damn time," Bucky says pulling me up into a giant hug.
"I say pretty fancy, this is what I'm wearing," I say as she looks over to me, "and I don't see why not, as long as you're responsible."
"I could have a friend that can help with that," Ross says.
"You are going to be a great help to my cause," he says, "my name is Thanos, and together we can make the universe our own."
"I know, Dylan, and I'm going to be here with you throughout this all," Dad says walking into the room.
"I want a big wedding, I'm not going to change that," Pietro whines from the change room, "This is going to be my first and last wedding and I want it to be big."
"Does that mean your going to be all bossy like Mom and Dad," he asks looking back at them.
"Let's get a move on Laura," I yell upstairs, "It's a long flight to the base and your grandfathers are worried sick about you."
I walk over to him wrapping my arms around his neck as he wraps his arms around my waist.
, causes me to cry even harder. I fall into his arms that are wrapped around my shoulders, I feel him pick me up and carry me towards his seat and rocks me on his lap. I can't hear what he's whispering to me but enjoy the small circles he's rubbing into my arms.
"Did you find a way to get it out," Bucky asks louder this time.
"Where's Laura and Lila," I ask putting Cooper down.
"Cooper, I am your father," Clint yells, "You're going to talk to me with more respect young man."
"No you're not," Pietro says for the fifth time.
"So when we land, no one will be there," Steve said as we were flying to the facility, "we picked this day because Agent Romanov is off picking up another one of our agents moving in today, and the rest of the team is off on a simple mission."
"You want me to tell Clint to bring them out here," Pietro asks still standing by my side. I nod not trusting myself to say yes.
"What did you just say," Pietro asks both hurt and upset.
"Of course he knows," Lily says, "and it's not an awesome story."
I see Pietro walking towards his room, I run up and block him. I look around to make sure no one else is there.
"Really, Aunt Nat," Laura says walking over to her, "You don't recognize me? It's me Laura, long story short I'm alive and ready to start my training."
"This wedding is not allowed. Please back away. We are here to help," the Iron Legion starts saying to everyone.
"I'm sorry my love," Loki says looking up at Lily through staggered breaths.
"No I didn't Capsicle," Tony said as we all started walking to the hanger.
“Tony’s taking his time planning it,” she says, “wants to make sure it’s perfect. I mean Happy was the only family he had for a long time so it only makes sense.”
. I look down and see blood stained clothes. I stand shakily and walk over to the bed and see the sheet covered in blood.
Before we can go back to our earlier conversation we hear Bucky yell, "Didn't mean to hurt me? Didn't mean to fucking hurt me? What do you think would happen if you just up and left after we slept together."
"Nothing," Ross says, "just a friendly discussion."
“This is the last ambulance on its way in,” Sean says as they all stand in the ER waiting for the last wave of people to come in.
“Wanda, he’s out of surgery, it’s going to be a long process for recovery,” she says.
"It's good to see you again," Tony says, "I hope this Shuri can help this one here, we've all gotten used to her ways."
"Heimdall," Lily says, looking up, "what are you doing away from Asgard?"
"Lily should really be the one to talk to them," Eric says, "in case they don't speak English."
Before I can fully wrap my head around what is going on, Laura jumps out of the closest and is standing right in front of Tony staring up at him.
Laura stands helping me to my own feet.
"Heimdall should be answering," she says, looking up.
“Hey, how’s your neighbour,” she says bumping her shoulder.
"Really," Tony asks the room, everyone nods in return, "Okay, Jarvis can you give everyone a list of task for them to do?"
I sit on the arm of the sofa after letting that out. I place my head in my hands and feel Pietro wrap his arms around my shoulders.
“He feels the same,” the woman says.
"Hey, kiddo," Dad says rubbing my back after I finished getting sick, "What's wrong? Are you that nervous about Bucky being released?"
I hear knocking at the door, "Come in," I yell from my bed.
“It’s fine, I’ll drive myself back and make sure a car is here for you tomorrow,” Tony says walking around the car.
Together they move him onto a gurney and start to move towards the medical area all the while Clint and Avery are standing on the base and putting pressure on his injuries. They move into the elevator, bumping over the doorway which causes one of his tourniquets to come loose spraying her in the face, she makes quick work of tightening it. Once on the floor with the medical setup staff move in and take over allowing her and Clint to hop off.
"My king," she says, "you wished to speak with me, but I can come back later."
I stand in the elevator heading up to the floor that everyone lives on. It's movie night, so it's a calm night to return. When the elevator arrives on the floor everyone in standing in the living room talking about an orb in Tony's hand.
“I’m the only person you trust? What about Tony, or are you guys even still together,” she says, “you know he misses you, told me himself, and that he screwed up.”
"There's more," he says.
"You see the message that Thanos put out," he asks.
That causes Laura to laugh, I smile just as Lila and Cooper race down the stairs. I step away from Laura just in time to catch Lila who jumps up into my arms.
"We have bigger problems," she says, grabbing the translation from Happy's hand, "this is the real problem."
I'm about to protest to Bucky about not needing to sleep. He just hushes me saying that he's going to take care of me until I feel better.
I pick up Cooper and we walk back to the house. We enter the house to Wanda and Natasha sitting there with Nathaniel.
“Avery, go home,” he says, “I can’t have you watch me die. Happy, please take her home.”
"He ran inside after talking to Tony," he replied, "He look really happy but also really nervous and scared."
I walk off of the jet into the Avenger's new base and am nearly murdered by my brother grabbing me and dragging me to some room.
I walk down to the gym after lunch and see Pietro there practicing with Steve. I push the door open and walk over to the bench next to the sparing ring they're in.
She gets halfway to him as she watches him turn and use his body as a human shield for the boy in his arms. Then everything happens in slow motion, Pietro runs pushing Clint and the boy behind the car getting hit with all the bullets, she reaches them as Pietro collapses to the ground.
"You okay, kiddo," Dad asks wiping away a stray tear.
I'm about to say something, when the phone that Tony gave me after I moved in rings.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Within seconds I'm in my old room with him the door is closed and locked.
"Buck, I know that you care for her," Steve says walking towards me, "We all do, but we have to make a plan so we all make it out of there together."
"It's fine, it's nothing I completely understand," he says to me coldly.
“You know you could relax some,” she says taking a swig from her beer, “he’s not going to call you.”
"How am I supposed to do this alone," I scream as another contraction happens.
I turn to storm out of the kitchen but am stopped by an arm wrapping around my waist turning me to face him.
It's been a week since I asked Tony to plan the wedding, but the day is finally here, hopefully it goes off exactly as it's planned. I stand in a room with Dad, Laura, Wanda and Pietro.
"Bucky is worried about you," Steve says walking out of the kitchen, "Us and the ones at the weddings are supposed to be the only ones that know, but I think you should go tell Buck where you were."
"How did you know about her," I ask him, "How long were you watching over her? When did you fall in love with her?"
3:00 am.
Tony opens his mouth to speaks when Jarvis cuts him off, "Sir, we have arrived and are beginning our descent."
With that she turns and makes her way through the rest of the gala avoiding him for the rest of the evening.
I see Bucky tense up, he looks from his hands to me and back again.
The next thing we know Loki is on the ground convulsing in pain, the anger in Laura's eyes growing.
"You told me that you don't believe someone like you could have a soulmate," I say looking into his eyes, "but all along I was your soulmate?"
"What is it," I ask looking at the screen and seeing a blinking red dot.
"Dylan," Bucky asks with tears in his eyes, "Is that really you?"
"My shoes are in," I walk into the room and see Pietro holding my shoes, "Thanks."
"You fucking sick perverted freak," I spit to the camera in Russian, "I'll make your death slow and painful, while your base watches me make a statement out of you."
"Mom, I think you should sit down for this and let me take Ras," Laura says motioning me towards the couch.
It’s been five years since Happy died and Avery has dated four men in this time, the first three she left when they mentioned moving in together. The forth didn’t dare bring it up.
"If you don't agree to a small wedding Dad's calling off the engagement," I whisper-yell at him.
"Yes," she replies as she opens the door.
"Yes, I am he. Why should it matter to her," Loki says looking at me.
"Wanda, please go help her. Please," I scream not being able to see the hallway anymore.
"It is rare that two people have the same person as a soulmate," Thor says, "It is that person that the two share that almost chooses who they end up with. I'm sorry brother, but she got to know him first."
"Right this way," a nurse says leading us to a private room.
“Yeah, I think that’s the name,” he says.
"It was hard but I managed. You have it easier though," I say turning to him, "you're surrounded by a group of people who will help you when you need it most. I was on the run for most of her life, I didn't know who I could trust or if we'd have a safe place to sleep."
I turn to where he was just standing about to say something when I realize that he's already gone. I walk back into the common area and see Clint and Pietro sitting there.
We stand in the common area watching Laura hug Clint,
"Not science, but I have successfully done this with magic," Loki says, "Wanda has done this before, she will make sure I don't cross any critical lines."
"It's not me doing this," Tony yell as he hops up on his chair at the back of the room.
I lay in bed tossing and turning, I'm having a nightmare about the rape.
“All done,” she says, “you can put your mask back on.”
"The first-born twin between an Asgardian and a Celestial Being will be born with an Infinity Stone within them," he says, "once they die the stone will be released."
"They are Asgardians," Heimdall says, "they are her friends."
"What are you in love with her," Ross yells.
I stand there staring, trying to figure out how to help him. I calm myself and place my hand on his left shoulder, the only one that isn't covered in blood. I push into his arm and pulse the healing energy through him hoping that he will be able to wake up. I start to feel him shifting under the pressure of my hand.
After we landed, Steve walked us around the facility giving us a quick tour and then showed us our room. After unpacking the only bag we have, Laura went zooming out of the room to find Tony and learn as much as she could. I took this time to finally relax and sleep a good deep sleep.
Steve sighs heavily, but walks back towards the pull falling back onto the pillow, I roll over curling up into his side.
"We have to go find Vision," she says, "and bring him back here."
"You don't want, oh um, I don't know her baby-daddy there or your son and granddaughter or you know your other two children," Natasha says as we walk towards the hanger.
"She's trying to escape," he says, "I want to send the Valkyrior, I will ask Brunnhilde to lead them."
"We're at a Hydra base," his eyes widen in fear, "I know this is the last place anyone wants to be but once you've healed you can escape. Just please, if you escape send help for me and my daughter."
"I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT HER," I scream, "NO ONE WILL EVER SEE HER AGAIN. I'M TALKING ABOUT THE ONE I'M PREGNANT WITH. LETTING YOU MEET LAURA WAS THE WORST MISTAKE I EVER MADE. YOU ARE DEAD TO ME BUCKY, YOU ARE FUCKING DEAD TO ME."
We follow behind walking towards a row of jeeps. Wanda, Loki, and myself climb into one, I hold Ras on my lap as we start to drive towards the facility. I look everywhere but towards Loki, once we park everyone exits their jeeps and walk into the building.
"You're friends with Ross," Happy asks, judgingly.
I walk back to where everyone is celebrating with champagne, I smile and hug Dad again knowing that this is the best thing to be woken up for in a long while.
I look, over their heads as they hug me again, at Bucky seeing him tense not knowing how to react to me being back. I pull away from the hug and sign to my dad,
"Dylan, he's ready," Steve says coming into the kitchen.
"I-I'm p-pregnant?" I whisper to myself.
"Wake up," I say, to the grumpy face, "we're landing."
Dad is about to lunge at him but is knocked to the ground by Pietro. I see Steve and Wanda walk out of the woods together seeing the very dysfunctional scene before them.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
She’s walking down the sidewalk towards her apartment rummaging through the bag of Chinese food in her arms when she trips over something hard and fall onto the ground. She feels a pair of hands wrap around her waist lifting her to her feet. Looking back to where she just was she see all of her food splayed out on the sidewalk.
"Alright, we'll be there," Dad answers Laura quickly, she jumps up from the bed and runs off to her room to get changed.
"Know what," Tony asks after entering, "We went off grid for our honeymoon. Which was cut short because this guy missed everyone."
"Nothing happened last night anyway, I kind of brought someone back from the dead. I was, pardon my pun, dead tired," I say trying to remove the blush on Steve's neck, "And he was up and gone before I woke up, so there."
“Avery,” Sharon calls out jogging up to Avery.
I pull him into a giant hug and walk towards Wanda's seat and sit next to her.
"Sorry, I'm just pissed at Tony because he fired the decorators the night before our wedding," Steve says slumping into the counter beside Tony.
"I was there until I was thirteen, that's when Shield came in and shut the place down for good. The leader left me for dead in an alley way out back, I was sure I was going to die until this man found me and said he'd take care of me with his sick wife.
"I chose, I didn't get blackmailed," I say quietly, "I chose to put you first, I chose to let the man that I love get better."
"I'm not having Tony run tests on my daughter," I whisper back in Russian, "But he might be able to track her."
I race with Natasha and Steve to Tony's lab, Steve punches in his code and we walk in.
"Steve and Tony want you and Wanda to join them for some photos," he says not looking directly at me.
"James, you are never going to feel alone again," I say wiping away his trail of tears, "We are getting a second chance to do this together. We are going to be a family from start to finish, James."
"Colonizer," Lily chuckles at the nickname Shuri uses for Ross, "you know if Tony hears that name he won't call you anything else."
"If I do this, promise me one thing," Loki says.
I smirk at him as I turn and peck his cheek before I curling up and falling asleep on his side.
I watch as he stands up and turns to Clint. I notice the look on his face, it's the same one Momma had when we got kidnapped.
"Jarvis tell you," I ask walking over to my bed sitting down in the one spot that isn't sweat covered.
"Wanda, go in there. Stop him," I scream grabbing my leg hoping to get the bone healed quickly.
"I'm pregnant, with twins," I say looking up at Dad after I saying it, "We're six weeks along."
“No, sorry. He needs his rest,” she says, “and so should all of you. It’s been a long day.”
Seconds later I few the arm that was around my waist fly off. I whip around and see Bucky throwing Loki into the wall across the way from us. Loki get up and charges at Bucky, I leap between them causing Loki to stop his attack.
"What happened to me," I ask looking over to the machine hooked up to our son, "Is he okay?"
"Okay, I'll come with you," Happy says.
“Help him,” he says, pointing down to the boy still on the ground, “I have to handle some stuff.”
Those weren't the right words. His face drops, I edge closer to the edge of the seat. I have no idea what to do, or say really.
“You’re covered in blood,” Nick says looking her over.
“Are you okay,” she asks running to the same person she saw fly out the window’s side.
"Come in," I yell out of breath jumping out of bed standing as far away from Bucky as possible.
"Dylan? You're his Dylan," Natasha says realizing just what is going on.
We walk over to the front of the room. The priest starts again, this time with the right people standing in front of him.
I turn and look back into the room as the Iron Legion walks in and starts untying Bucky. I turn and race out of the room finding the nearest bathroom and vomiting in the toilet. While getting sick I feel a pair of hands pulling my hair out of the way.
I walk over to my bed and take a seat, placing my head in my hands. I feel his arms wrap around my waist as he leans his head onto my shoulder.
We lay there for what feels like forever, not saying anything. Just staring into each others eyes, breathing each others breath. I smile, first time feeling truly happy since Sokovia.
Dylan tells Clint that she doesn't want to be around him anymore.
"Tomorrow we'll introduce you to Cooper," He says smiling, "This time he won't kick you."
I sit in the kitchen, looking aimlessly out the window. I hear footsteps make their way towards the elevator and hear the sound of the button being pressed, slowly I walk over and see Loki standing in front the elevator with his shoulders shaking like he's crying. I race over and hop in the elevator with him before he can tell me otherwise.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Of course I'm alive," she replies, "I was hoping you could get a message back to your brother for me. I last saw him before the Chitauri rained down on New York."
"Well I am running barefoot in the woods," Lily says, standing, looking around her for who's chasing her.
“I’m fine, just annoyed,” she says, turning to face the man, “I’m just hungry, I’ve been unpacking all day.”
"I know," she whispers back, "but this fight has been brewing for years. I need to know if they can work it out on their own or not."
I walk towards the elevator looking down the hallway to everyone's room and see Pietro standing outside a door knocking as much as he can. I smile to myself feeling happy that I don't have to deal with all this drama as the doors to the elevator close and I leave the base.
"Cooper, Cooper," I hear Clint yell after the boy, "I'm sorry. I don't know what's gotten into him."
I reach my arms out to take Nathaniel as she grabs a dress and hurries to change into it. I smile at the boy in my arms as the door slowly opens and Wanda walks in.
"This is tracking all similar energy to the Tesseract," Lily whispers to herself.
“Miss Romanov, just a small cut on your head, I’ll clean it up and then it’ll be good. Doesn’t look like you’re going to need stitches,” she says, dabbing the cut with a swab, “Mr. Stark, good to see you again, this time conscious, we’re just going to monitor your heart from the sounds of it you passed out for a while.”
"Lil, come in, Lil," the voice says.
"Bucky, he, remembered something from when he was the Winter Soldier. Whatever it was really shook him up," I say leaning into his chest as he wraps his arms around me.
Clint walks back into the farm house furious about what Dylan said just before she left.
"You didn't hear," Rhodey asks cautiously, glancing quickly to Pietro and Laura.
"I'M GOING TO KILL YOU JUST LIKE YOU KILLED OUR DAUGHTER IN COLD BLOOD," I scream at him feeling Steve trying to pull me away from him, "I NEVER WANT TO SPEAK TO YOU AGAIN! YOU'LL NEVER SEE ME OR OUR KID AGAIN."
"Dylan, are you alright," Steve asks as he barges into the hallway before Bucky can react, "I have Bruce with me, we should really get you checked out."
"Well, we should get going," Pietro says as he picks up a giggling Laura.
“This isn’t going to be an hour-long thing,” Sarah says, “head out now.”
"You don't know," I ask.
"Let's head to the base," I say turning to Pietro and the rest of the team, "Let's just hope Dylan hasn't left yet."
"Go ahead, tell him the truth. Tell him how you really got pregnant."
I lean up and kiss him, he reaches down and wraps his arm around my waist lifting to sit me on the counter.
"Sorry, I had a nightmare," I say not looking up at him, "it was about Bucky, and the rape but it was altered."
"So, what do you need," Thanos asks.
"Pietro, I need you to run this around the city," Tony says handing him a small orb.
"Hey, Momma. I got a couple of questions for you," she says not looking up from her clothes, "One, do you know what the party is for tonight and how fancy it is, and two, since I'm an adult now can I drink at the party?"
I nod and continue to follow Wanda as we exit the base and walk into the woods just past the training area. I stand there calming myself before I speak.
She pulls out the phone and hits the answer button holding it between her ear and shoulder as she starts cleaning up.
“Of course, Matt,” she replies, looking concerned.
, and Pietro and Dad walk in holding hands. Everyone erupts into cheer as they walk in, after they get to the center of the room they start their first dance. Vision and Wanda join them, followed shortly after by Natasha and Cooper, I stand there watching smiling. Seconds later Bucky is leading me onto the floor and we join them dancing, I fake a smile as the photographer whizzes around everyone but feel the obvious tension between Bucky and myself. Once the song ends I walk over to Mom and Lila and sit down with them.
"Like one person for someone for the rest of their life," I ask receiving a nod from Loki, "Yeah, I mean, just look at Bruce and Betty. If she can stay with him after everything he's been through then they must be soulmates. Do you?"
Lily wakes up with a start looking around her dark room, rubbing her eyes she reaches for her phone.
"And I can help," Clint says still yelling, "I'm her father, I can help her make sense of everything."
"What is it," Pietro asks throwing his sweaty towel at my, "Boyfriend problems?"
“What happened? Do I have to go hurt someone,” Happy says getting upset.
"Wanda is telling me that Dylan is going to stand with me because she in my Nat," Pietro starts, "and I thought she was going to stand with me being my sister and all."
"James, please," I whisper, "I didn't mean to hurt you wh-"
I quickly walk into the bathroom and change before he can give me his puppy-dog eyes. After I'm sure he's done pouting at the closed door I walk into the room and curl up under the covers quickly falling asleep.
I look and see Clint sitting on the stool next to him.
"That she won't go back to you," he pauses licking his lips, "and that she'll marry me to prove her promise."
"We are gathered her today, to join this man and this women in holy matrimony," the priest starts, "If anyone should see a fit reason that these two should not be join, please speak now or forever hold your peace."
"Get the fuck off of me," I'm screaming in Russian, "Let go of me, I am not going to have sex with you."
When back in New York I got a job at one of the museums helping translate artifacts. I was attending one of the Gala's we put on when I met Ross. He was showing one of the artifacts that I translated to his date and was acting all smug about how the translation was incorrect.
I see him race inside after the boy, leaving me standing in the front yard with the team and two other people.
"How is this possible," Loki asks, "How can she be my soulmate and his? How can this happen?"
"Dylan, he blackmailed you into marrying him," Bucky pleads with me, "I can't just sit by and watch this happen."
"Dad, please be careful," I say as he steps out onto a thin branch to string up the last set of lights.
"No I don't think so," I say turning to face him and my father, "If it was them we would have heard something by now."
He hands out the champagne to everyone, "To the playboy finally getting off the market," he says raising up his glass. We cheers and each take a sip.
"You are about to fulfil a prophecy," he says, "we must protect your first-born, they will have so much power and responsibility on their shoulders."
I'm about to say something when Dylan yells back "Sorry. Bucky, you have to understand that this is hard. You have no idea how much I wanted to stay in bed that morning but Tony barged in and brought me back to reality."
"Shit," I scream trying to get up and pull to door shut just as Bucky walks over stomping down on my calf breaking my leg. He storms into the room and I hear him tearing the room apart searching for Laura.
"Can't I help Pops and Steve," she asks looking up at me with those brown eyes.
“You’re not safe if you stay here. There have been talks through the criminal message boards that dangerous things are wait for you and your family,” he says, “but I know that they’re misinformed, they keep talking of your father.”
She nods as he flies off, turning back to the child on the ground. She reaches her hand out and help him up, supporting his weight she walks him onto the airport. Once he’s inside they find a bench and sit him down, she shrugs off her bag and open it removing her first aid kit.
Dad sits there chuckling at that, he turns to face me and smiles. I smile back at lean into the base of the tree behind me.
“I told you I was going to stay with you the next time chaos broke out around you,” Steve says, holding her close to his chest rocking her softly, “I’m not going anywhere.”
"Loki," Lila calls out.
"It's the one thing we get to keep secret living in this base," Pietro says.
"Thank you," I say turning to face Pietro, "For being her friend and there for her when I couldn't."
I walk down into the common area after putting Nathaniel to bed. I hear the faint sound of the TV going, I really hope it's Natasha, I need someone to talk too. I look over to the couch and see the familiar silver hair of Pietro.
I feel the blush raising on the back of my neck. I have to tell him now. I mean I could try and lie but I just know that the blush now raising faster will give me away.
, I think to myself.
Steve pushes himself off our bed and heads towards the door, "Steve, it's no use," I say stopping him, "He told Jarvis he doesn't want to be bothered."
"Oh, well talk to him," I say taking the spot next to him on the bed.
"Dylan, you're alright," Bucky says as he pulls me into a giant hug, "Where were you? Why are you wearing that? Those weren't the clothes that were missing."
"You ready, sweetie," He says kneeling down in front of her.
“I’m going to miss you,” she says, “you’re still joining us for dri-”
"I still can't believe I was an Avenger," I whisper mostly to myself.
"Baby girl, is that yo-AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH," I fall onto the floor next to her as the pain in my head grows into the worst it's been ever.
I walk over to him wrapping my arms around his neck, "I couldn't have done it anyway." I say as he rest his forehead on mine, I close the distances between our lips quickly. I pull away and turn to walk out of the base with Bucky's arm around my shoulders.
"I've had them for the past three weeks," I say tracing the scar tissue that is running down his chest, "mostly about loosing Laura, or being turned by Hydra and killing the team. Tonight was the first one about you."
It's so faint I'm not even sure if I heard it or imagined it.
I send as the team sits in the common area.
"Dylan, you're okay," I hear my Dad say once out of the room, "Thank you, umm, ma'am."
I stand there, waiting. Bucky shifts, now staring at me. I see just how much those words I said brought to light how much it haunted me. I see that he is willing to risk his life, by leaving the team, to make me feel safe. With seeing just how much can change in ten years makes me want to reach over a push his hair out of his eyes, but I stop myself because doing that might cause something terrible to happen.
The meaning behind Bucky's line in Russian:
"I guess, that's what I'm asking," I reply, "I knew if I brought this up with Pietro we would end up here with you, but I just thought he'd be the one asking."
"Just so I know for next time," I say, "bringing back a team member is a good thing?"
"He's engaged to an Avenger," Steve says, "He's welcome to join us back on base."
Vision was locked away and for some reason Bruce's algorithm was open on the tablet sitting on the desk in my office. Walking over I pick up the tablet looking it over.
"Loki, from you I almost expect it at this point in our lives," she says smiling up at the raven-haired man.
As soon as her door is closed the buzzer mounted in the wall goes off, she buzzes open the door without checking to see who it is.
"I've been looking into how to remove the Infinity Stone and still live but keep coming up short," she says, "maybe with Bruce here we can try and work it out together but I still fear for the worse."
“Man, I really hate you,” she hears a familiar voice say.
"It has been awfully quiet since we got here," Thor says.
"I'm sorry, it's just been a really shitty day," I say sitting up wiping my eyes.
"No, it's paternal," Gamora says, "you do that too."
"How fast can you get to Terra," she asks, "With Rocket flying, sorry, Pete."
"Я не знаю," he replies.
"I-I got you pregnant," he asks as his face shifts into a sad but happy look, "I have a daughter?"
"Well, those aren't that bad, easy to control," Tony rambles, "I thought that you were going to tell us you could fly from how Laura was acting."
He hops down from the counter and walks over to where I'm standing, "It's fine, Dylan, he was being a protective father. I know how that feels," he says with a smirk.
"Two," Loki says, "he's missing two. The message he sent out was stating that he found Vision and got the Mind Stone, he's only missing the Time Stone and obviously the Soul Stone."
"Why would he," she asks, "if you thought I was dead, wouldn't he think that as well?"
"I'll go with you, just promise me that you'll leave her alone," I say pausing in front of Malick.
"You know," Loki says, looking over at him.
"Hey, don't worry. We'll make them pay for the shit they did to you," Bucky says noticing the pain in my face, "I have to make up for ten years of parenting and I'm taking it all out on them."
"He's going to be just like his father," I say looking up at him.
The group of them rush to the window looking out and seeing a giant blue ship slowly land in the open field behind the base. Lily looks over at Eric, panic in her eyes after reading the markings covering the ship.
Clint pauses as Pietro stands next to him resting his hand on his shoulder.
"James, when we land," I say, ignoring the small confused look from him, "I'm pretty sure they're going to be happy to see us. I mean in reality you saved me. Dad doesn't seem to understand that, but I'll make sure that everyone on that farm will."
"Why," he asks looking at it skeptically.
I sit there on the floor, having Laura whisper soothing words into my shoulder as she holds me in her arms.
"Shhhh, it's okay," Steve says while crying himself, "We'll find him. He's a fighter, he's not going down without a fight and we'll be there when it's most crucial."
"Brother," I say looking up to him with tears in my eyes, "How do you know that she is not my Jane? And if she is my Jane, she isn't mortal and could match my length of life. I need a chance to find out, brother, and this is the only way I see how."
"No," Lily says, "you're really going to believe what Loki says?"
"Dylan, it's me Pietro," Pietro whispers to me, "Get up and get dressed, we need you to come with us."
"Loki, I don't want to be anywhere near you," she screams, "I can't even look at you. Please just leave!"
"Woah, wait, what," I sputter out, "I'm sorry but I am a women of my word, I said I was going to marry you and that's what I'm going to do. I don't care what happened in that room with Dad, I don't break my word."
"She's in a cell at the end of this hall," he says when he got back, "She looks okay, but I didn't have much time to actually look."
I look down at my phone and see all kinds of texts from Laura, I read through them quickly before I reply.
"If you don't want me to be here I can leave," he says, resting his hand lightly on her shoulder as Shuri boots up the machine.
I slowly bring my hands down to his belt and start to undo the buckle, "Are you sure," he whispers against my lips. I nod as I lower my head down and start leaving trails of kisses down his neck. He quickly removes his pants and we take in this moment together. I smile looking down at his face and see the smile grow on his face, we slowly start to be together in that moment and unravel together.
"The Prince," he says, not meeting her eye.
“We’re stopping in for a minute today,” he says, “I’m sorry I can’t get dinner.”
“Avery,” the blind man asks when they stop walking, “can I ask something?”
Thanos was looking for people with knowledge on these Infinity stones. He talked to someone who directed him to Ego, a celestial being who travels throughout all the realms.
"I have a name," this voice from the top of the ramp says.
"I love you, Dylan," he says kissing my forehead, "I honestly don't expect you to say it back. I just need you to know that I won't let anything happen to you or Laura."
I sit in silence for the rest of the flight. We land in a very secluded area and exit the jet.
"You left," Bucky says, "You left without saying anything to me. You left our daughter and your family."
"Hi, I'm Clint," he says reaching his hand out to shake.
“Thank you,” he says, as she sticks the needed pads to his chest.
"I've been here before," I whisper in Russian, "This is the base, actually the exact cell, where I-the other guy raped her."
“He needs an OR, there’s no exit hole on his back,” she says, “we have to get that out before we can stitch him up. Follow me.”
"Don't even thi-" Steve starts but is interrupted by Pietro, "It's not for me, it's for Clint."
"But why, my king," Lila asks, "Sif doesn't have to wear it, nor does Thor or any of the other warriors."
Before I can answer the music is stopped and Clint is standing up on stage with a mic in hand.
I turn around to say something to him but am stopped when he pulls me into a giant hug.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I was really hoping you were going to say that," he says smiling down at me, "Leave it to Tony and Steve to get in our way."
I feel Bucky's chest moving with his laughter and smile to myself. I push myself up off of his chest and walk over to Laura, who's fast asleep now.
"Technically. When were at the doctors there were two heartbeats, but I could only hear one voice," I say as Bucky looks at me concerned, "I knew something wasn't right because the headaches kept getting worse and the worst one was after our appointment. Now after everything that happened in there," I say motioning to the morgue and Laura, "I know that if we go to the doctor and get an ultrasound, there will be one heartbeat, and if we monitor her heartbeat it will be the same as the second one we heard in our first appointment."
"How the hell are you alive," she spits.
"Who asked her first," I whisper back in Russian.
“Drive,” the unattached voice to the empty eyes says in Russian.
Lily watches the path below her and notices as a blue blur whizzes past. She looks down as it goes past the tree again three seconds later. She jumps down onto the ground, sticking her hand out wrapping it around an arm as it rushes past her. She turns around 180 degrees, still holding onto the silver-haired man's arm, stopping him in is track.
“Avery, what are you doing here,” Tony asks as he steps out of the car, “Happy, you gotta watch where you put things.”
A couple of hours later, the Tony and Steve head off to their honeymoon leaving us with the clean up. I stand there watching Wanda bring down the last string of lights from the tree.
"If you really care about her you wouldn't do this," Steve yelled, "If you honestly had feelings for Dylan you would blackmail her into being with you."
"Dylan," he asks lifting his head to face me, "is that you?"
"You knew he was going to say yes and couldn't calm me down," he says pulling me into a massive hug.
"What the hell is going on," Loki sputters out, "Is everyone here powered? Other than Barton, his husband and that infant."
I notice Clint tense up at those words.
"So did Bucky," Dylan replies quickly.
I sit there looking at my hands knowing that I just spilled my every thought I've had since I moved into that motel room. I feel Pietro shift beside me, seconds later I feel myself being pull into unfamiliar arms.
With that I turn and walk out of the room. I see red and green mist working around Bucky. Wiping away the tears from my eyes I walk towards the area that Laura and Pietro are waiting in.
I walk over to the coffee maker and pour two cups, handing one to Bucky as I make my way to his side.
I nod still in my Dads arm as he rocks me trying to calm me down. I feel two sets of arms help me up and carry me towards the medical room. I lay on the bed having the doctor check out my leg saying it is fully healed.
“I’m Nurse Coulson. Mr. Barton, from what you told the staff you should go get an MRI and a CAT Scan. So, hop onto this gurney and Sarah will take you down there. Dr. Banner, you’re going to need fluids so we’re going to start you on an IV drip,” she says, setting up the IV next to him, “is it okay if I do it, or would you prefer to?”
"I am unable to locate him at this time, sir," The AI system replies, "I am sorry."
She watches as Loki removes a dagger from a hidden spot on his person and lunge at her father, falling onto the ground when he passes through the holographic figure.
"We have to tell Wanda and Natasha that you're fully grown," Pietro says to Laura after the hug.
"Who was that," Clint asks, as it starts to rain lightly.
I think to myself. Why is this so hard, I mean he's the team member I fell for.
Lily ignores it and continues walking away, she hears a soft thud as someone lands on the ground behind her. Slowly she slips off her flipflops as she continues to walk away. The person following her picks up pace so he is only steps behind her. Lily looks over her shoulder, unable to make out the face of who is following her, and breaks out into a run further into the trees.
I push Laura in the closet locking the door and her room door as I race behind Steve towards Tony's lab. He grabs his shield as I unhook the condensed bow from my waist band and notch an arrow as I slowly creep behind him. We walk into the lab and see the wreckage left of the lab.
"Bad dream," she replies, looking up to try and see who it is talking to her.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Oh," he asks, "just answer me this one question then, are you older than her?"
"No, not really, he's not as bad of a kicker as Laura was," I reply shifting in my spot.
"I'll tell you when Pietro gets back from the hanger and when Wanda gets down here," he replies moving away from Natasha.
"Obviously," she says, "you threw a knife at Ross and it's stuck in the wall."
"Bucky, you are not leaving. I don't care if you think it'll be better for the team," Steve continues, "Hydra is still looking for you, and I'm not going to hand you over on a silver platter."
“Avery, there’s more going on here than just Bucky waking up,” he says still dragging her from the restaurant.
"I can talk to the doctor alone for a second," I say turning to Tony and Dad, they nod walking out of the room, "Can you check on-on the baby? I'm a few days along and want to know that they made it through the fight."
"Перейти вперед, скажите ему правду. Скажите ему как вы действительно забеременела." Bucky says to Dylan.
"Who is this," I say trying to keep my voice level, and not sound as panicked as I am.
I get up and walk over towards her pulling her into a great big hug, "I love you, Mom. And you two," I say turning towards Lila and Cooper, "I'm going to be sending you letters once a week and I better get replies."
Dylan meets her mother, brother, and sister. She's terrified about not being welcomed by them.
We sit there watching whatever movie Tony started for us before he raced off to his lab to build something. I look up from the screen and look over at Pietro, I haven't been able to say anything to him since Dylan left.
"It's fine, we didn't know if that was going to be Laura," he says looking at the door, "I completely understand. I should go and get ready though."
"They went upstairs to pack," Natasha says, "Coop, you should go pack as well."
"I'm just overwhelmed," I say lifting my head from my hands, still staring at them, "I haven't seen Dylan since she was seven and now she has her own daughter. I just feel like I missed so much with my first child and now I want to make it up to her by being that overprotective parent."
"Okay, Momma," Laura says holding Ras' hand, "Let's get moving."
I stand in the reception area still crying a little after the ceremony. I walk over to Pietro and Clint who are standing by the bar.
“Clean up your mess in the kitchen,” she says, “Fury and my father are on their way here and I don’t want dirty dishes cluttering my sink.”
“But that apartment is my home, it’s where we had our first date,” she says, “it’s where we spent our first night together, it has so many memories and milestones of our relationship and you just want me to up and move?”
"You're okay," Wanda says as she helps me back up to my feet.
She looks down at her giant belly.
I see Steve stiffen at the voice, I slowly turn around to face the man behind us. His raven black hair and green eyes look faintly familiar. Before anyone can say anything else, there is a flash of blue and this god-like man in flat on his back being pinned down by Pietro.
There was this one flower only available on Earth. It was hard to convince Odin to allow me to leave Asgard because it was just days away from Thor's coronation.
"Lila of Asgard, first born twin to an Asgardian thus fulfilling the prophecy passed down to us by the first beings in the universe," Lily says, "now move!"
"We were kissing and I just had a flood of emotion," I continue in Russian, "I had a panic attack. It wasn't because of anything he did, I caused myself to freak out."
"We're planning a large reception, I've already told Tony who to invite and to go nuts, for this weekend," Dad says, "But we want the ceremony to be private."
With that Pietro is gone in a flash, I sit on the couch not taking my eyes off of the man I once knew. I notice that his cheeks are still wet from tears and I feel bad that I caused someone to cry.
Wanda walks up to the microphone and starts talking about her brother and how happy he's been since meeting Dad, Natasha is the next one to talk, followed by Steve and Tony together.
"Tony, stop listening it isn't polite," Steve says.
"Because Dad doesn't trust you. He wanted you to fail today's test and not be released," I say looking up at him, "I can't blame him either, you killed his first granddaughter that he barely got to know."
"You don't know," Lily says, looking between Bruce and Thor, "I was gone for two hours and none of you thought to tell them about the whole Accords thing? Even Pietro knows and he's been living in a cave."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Valkyrior went to fight Hela and most of them perished at her hand. My mother had me and my sister a couple of hours after they were supposed to have returned. We grew up with the love and protection of our people, Odin keeping a close eye on me. I was trained in fighting but things made me turn my back on it.
“You okay,” the person that helped her up asks.
"It wasn't my information to tell," Pietro says getting defensive now, "And what would I have said 'Oh Clint, by the way Dylan's your daughter and Bucky raped her but hey let's continue making out.'
"Well, we can do that at the picnic with Laura there," Bucky answers me in English causing Tony to have a panicked look on his face.
"Why can't I have my best friend help Dylan," Bucky says strongly.
"No, I didn't," I say as I stop stuffing clothes into my back, "Pietro, I didn't mean it like that. I'm just dealing with a lot of shit right now and I ne-"
"See," Ross says as they board the jet, "she's the best when it comes to this."
"Slow down, Mom, or else you're going to make yourself sick," Laura says as she enters the kitchen with Wanda and Natasha.
“How close are you and Captain Rogers,” he asks causing her to choke a bit on her beer, “did you two ever almost date?”
"Shhh, Dylan," Bucky says rubbing my back before I push him away.
"Where's Dad," I ask as he twirls me around, "Weren't you just dancing with him?"
"Coop, it's okay," I say when we catch up to him, "She left because of me, not you."
I charge into the room, feeling the sharp pain I felt when Laura was shot. I'm being held back by Steve.
"Yeah, I'm great," I say looking at him when I see Mom walking out of the base, "I'm finally home."
“Dad, you can’t do this. He’s going to kill you and this time I can’t bring you back,” she says following her father to the meeting place, on top of Avengers Tower.
I walk into the kitchen and see Steve and Tony looking pissed at Bucky, Clint sitting on a bar stool with his arms wrapped around Pietro.
"Medical wing, now," I get out better staggered breaths.
“I couldn’t let another brother die in my arms,” she says as a nurse walks out through the doors.
“You ready for the trial,” Nick asks after a short pause.
"Nat, you must know about Dad right, can't you tell me," I ask turning to her.
I nod putting the gun down, "What about Bucky," I whisper back grabbing his shirt off of the floor beside me pulling it on before I get out of bed.
I kneel down and hug each of them. I turn towards Laura kissing her on her head, "Goodnight sweetheart."
“Let me give you the money to cover it at least,” Happy says pulling out his wallet.
"Missing," he says.
"Thanks," I say, "Dad, umm, can you try and be nicer to Bucky? He's really upset about everything and feels that you want him dead and that everyone on the farm will feel the same."
“Steve,” she whispers, walking slowly in his direction but is knocked over by some energy surrounding him.
I nod into his chest as my fit starts to end. I manage to compose myself before walking out of the kitchen, not having anything to eat again, I'm about to press the elevator button but am stopped by Pietro.
"That sounds fun but I thought," I start as I see Tony leaning in to listen, say the next part in Russian, "We could have some alone time to talk about the baby," while saying that I get unnecessarily hands-y with Bucky, playing up what Tony is assuming I said.
"Jarvis, take the wheel," He says as he turns to face me, "You really care about him don't you?"
“He hates it when he sees you come over,” she says, “knows it’s going to be a long and loud night.”
I feel two arms wrap around me and help me out of the morgue, my eyes are still unable to focus on anything around me.
The van pulls away from the curb leaving Lila standing there, alone for the first time ever in this city.
"What happened," Pietro spits angrily in Russian, "Did he attack you or something? I'm going to kill him if he did."
I look as my daughter is bouncing around the room gathering her notepad and shoes. While enjoying this sight, there's a knock at the door.
He rests his arm around my shoulder and I relax some. Clint walks over to us as Laura pushes Nathaniel on one of the swings.
"Ross, always a pleasure," Happy says, "and you know I can't talk about anything on this base without Tony's permission and he is away taking care of some business."
"How did you forgive him," I say after walking in silence.
I sit on the counter watching Natasha and Lila draw together. I hear the soft footsteps of Cooper making their way down the stairs. He turns the corner and sees me sitting on the counter with my hand wrapped in the peas.
“Let’s head upstate, Tony owes you some answers,” he says as the car gets pulled around.
"Yes, so will Dad and Pietro," I reply, "But it's hard enough having our daughter now fighting at our side and with this little guy on the way we're screwed."
"Look I was just coming to discuss a personal matter with Lily," Loki says, ignoring the tension building in the room, "so really if anyone should leave, it should be the lot of you."
“He’s a good man,” Tony says, “he’s very much like you, willing to do anything to keep her safe.”
Bucky finds a bench under the shade of a tall tree and we sit there watching as Clint and Laura help Nathaniel through the structure.
"You can tell him about Laura," I say to him in Russian, earning concerned looks from Pietro and Wanda, "We'll make up how I got pregnant though."
"What ever do you mean this time," I reply avoiding his gaze.
"You just want to see the world burn don't you," Dad yells, "You don't even care about Dylan, you just don't want to see anyone happy."
"Why do you need that," a familiar voice says from the direction of the elevator.
“What? Yeah, yeah I’m fine,” he says.
I look down at the man laying down on his left side in a crumpled mess before me; before I can say anything he is quickly up on his feet and pinning me to the tree behind him with his left arm, his new left arm.
"Nat is, they got really close training everyone so it only makes sense," Tony answers as he pours everyone a glass of champagne.
He chuckles holding onto his ribs, "No, I fell from the tree outside. We were having a Nerf war, I lost," he says, "Pietro rushed me here, he's worried about me too much."
"Well, I should get going, Betty will be worried," I say as I stand up from the couch, "It was great seeing you all again, I'll bring Betty by at some point so she can meet all of you."
"Clint, Wanda, Sam, and Scott were all arrested for following Steve and Bucky," Pietro starts, "Natasha and Shannon have gone missing. Steve and Bucky went looking into Bucky's past and caused an accident resulting in causalities, there was a, umm."
"I just don't know if staying here with all of this, all of these people, is the best thing for me. I mean Laura needs to be around her dad and her grandparents and uncles and aunt but I've just been on my own for so long that I think I need to go away for awhile."
"Why," he asks looking at it skeptically.
“Take care of what’s in that case, Peter,” Tony says as Happy hands him the case, “and Avery, let me know if Steve reaches out to you. Tell him I screwed up and that I miss him.”
"Really, Pops, you don't recognize your own daughter," Laura asks.
"Well, I am a God for one," Loki says standing right in front of me, I raise from my seat to be at eye level with him, "Also, I can produce magick, a darker variety what can this Wanda do?"
“Oh, I’m sorry,” he says, “I didn’t know.”
"True again, I mean we aren't even engaged. So it's not their business on when we get engaged either," he says as we continue up in the elevator.
"He's an ass," Ross says.
As soon as the hair is out of his eyes, I'm engulfed into a hug by him. I stand there tense feeling the cool metal through my shirt bringing up terrible flashes of that night. Without hesitation I grab his shoulders, my hands engulfed in flame, and throw him into the wall beside us. I fall to my knees gasping for air feeling the wet trails of tears running down my face. Seconds after I fall I feel a small hand rest on my shoulder.
"Why," I blurt out, "Why is he back under?"
"For Ras, I don't want him to grow up and not know his father," I reply involuntarily, "Laura didn't know her father for most of her life and I don't want Ras to go through that as well."
"I know, but I need to hope that he did for our daughter," I whisper back to him in Russian,
"Momma, is Pops alive," Laura asks looking like she hasn't slept in days.
"I’m trying to recruit a friend of mine to work for us," she says, "a mutual friend of ours is having a work event this evening that I’m kind of crashing. So I’m technically leaving a fun work event to go do work."
"You met earlier," the chairman questions, "which exhibit did he try and translate?"
"You want to know why you did that, don't you," Wanda asks, knowing full well of my history.
"Now, we want to welcome someone very near and dear to both of our hearts," Dad starts.
“Throw her up Buck, I got her,” Steve calls back as she’s launched into the air and caught by Steve. He moves them inside the stairwell away from the chaos.
"What's up with you and Dylan," I whisper as Bucky walks towards the stairs leading down to what I can assume is the gym or shooting range.
"I'm sorry, James," I say when I stop crying, "I just don't know whats going on with me right now. I'm emotional, hormonal, and nausea."
"You just called me Bucky," he says looking down at his feet, "That's the first time you've addressed me by something other then my military status."
Pulling out her tablet she opens the code of Bruce's algorithm, altering it to focus on the smaller amount of energy. She relaunches the algorithm and starts tracking the fast-moving energy.
"You'll stand with him yes," she asks, "I assume Nat is standing with Clint, and with just how similar your relationship is with Pietro to theirs, I think you should stand with him."
We stand in the entry way hearing this argument happening upstairs. I turn and walk out of the house closely followed by Pietro and Bucky.
"It could be a lot worse," he whispers.
Lily looks down at the man in her arms, the only true piece of home she has left. She lays him carefully on the ground and runs to Ross' side, she grabs the case from him and turns back to see Thanos with his boot raised above the defenceless Loki.
I see Clint's neck get red with blush just like mine does when I'm nervous. I tap him on the shoulder and quickly sign to him
“Sir, I have some news,” Friday says from one of the suits.
"I don't think Dad will forgive him, he hated him after I told him the truth of everything," I say sitting on a fallen tree, "I don't think James will want anything to do with me ever again, I told him he's dead to me."
"Yes, sweetheart," I say as I glance quickly at the blood pooling in my hands, hoping no one notices, "he's your dad."
She listens to what she has to say, and before anything else can be done or said she’s one the ground sobbing, screaming out no sound. She tries to fight off the arms trying to wrap around her, to comfort her, but is unsuccessful. Together they sit there on what’s left of the roof unable to control their voices, their tears, their broken hearts.
"Can you show me how this will all be done," Lily says, "if the time comes."
. I push against the guys holding me so I'm now standing.
"Yes, I was ordered to kill her," Bucky says looking up at me from behind hurt eyes, "It was supposed to have you join Hydra."
"What was the problem that you need Tony's help with," I ask after we take off.
"Who's second in command then," she asks.
I look at his face seeing tears run down his cheeks, I lift one of my hands and wipe the tears away, "Bucky, I'm not going to let anyone keep thinking of you as that man. You're so much better then him, you're a great father to Laura."
It's been three months since Dad and Pietro's wedding, I sit on the couch in the common area with Bucky and Laura holding my stomach. The baby's been kicking off and on for the past couple of hours.
"Okay, my question is answered," Tony says, clapping his hands together, "who wants coffee?"
Loki starts to make his way towards my Dad, before I can plan something out I'm lunging at him tackling him to the ground. My hands are consumed in flame punching Loki trying to stop him from moving, he easily throws me from him. He stands up and continues towards Dad, he wraps his hands around his throat and lifts him up off the ground.
"No, well yes, but that's Loki," Pietro retorts, "the one that brainwashed and kidnapped Clint before the battle of New York."
"Didn't mean to hurt me," he yells, "Didn't mean to fucking hurt me? What do you think would happen if you just up and left after we slept together."
We sit there in silence, Jarvis muted the news, so all we see are the flashes of clean up crews in the area.
"I know," Pietro says, "But right now, what she needs is a supportive parent, one that will help with Laura and be there when she needs them."
"Mr. Stark," a small skinny boy yells as he rushes into the building.
I send to Laura as soon as we land.
"Everything in the past few months, Laura dying because they reset him," Steve replies, "Ras nearly killing you and Bucky nearly told the doctors to not hook him up to any machines. He can't trust the trails of Hydra."
"How many to be exact," Steve asks as we ride in the elevator.
"Brother, her soulmate is the man sitting between Steve and Tony," Thor says, "And his soulmate is her. I'm sorry, brother, but she is meant to be with him."
"Oww, that fucking hurts," I scream at him, he doesn't seem to register so I try again in Russian; he looks at me but doesn't let go. He just pulls me closer to him, "Let me go! You're fucking hurting me!"
“It must still be in the water, I’ll call Tony and have him search the river,” she says pulling out her phone stepping to the side.
I laugh nudging him with my toe, "At least he runs in a place that has an AI system that can find him."
She looks over at her father when he brings up Clint and see the hurt in his eyes. Resting her hand on his shoulder she sees the hurt start to fade.
“I gotta go dad,” she says hanging up the phone before he replies.
“Let go of me,” she says twisting her arm trying to get out of his grasp.
"YES, YES, YES," Laura yells, "I'm calling you that cause it has part of your superhero name."
He sits down next to me pulling me into a hug. Start crying into his chest, I feel him rub small circles into my back.
"I'm going to get changed in the bathroom like I always do before bed," I reply with a confused look on my face.
I walk into the bathroom and and sit in the shower as the cool water runs down my back as I start to cry.
"FRIDAY, bring up the current screen of my tablet onto the large screen in my office," she says, not taking her eyes off the screen until such is done.
"Yes I did," Clint says smiling up at him, "What do you say, Roadrunner?"
"No, Frigga take the children and leave," he says, "I have to discuss a problem with Dria."
“Anyone home,” Peter calls out as he walks into the apartment.
"I've not only figure out how to remove the Infinity Stone," she says, "but I've also created and tested a replacement energy source."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Of course," she says, "but if you'll all excuse me, I must be going. I have another commitment this evening."
"What's up," I ask after we close the door.
"Hello, earth to Sparky," Tony says walking out of the bathroom with just his tux pants on.
"You're all I could think about since Sokovia. I was completely heartbroken when you died," I say staring into his beautiful eyes, "I ended my marriage because I was irratic in missions, I put my family in danger. It wasn't until today, it wasn't until Dylan asked about my family, that I realized I ended it for you."
“Well isn’t that just great,” she says.
"Well, let's go eat some dinner," Steve says motioning towards the dining room. The whole group gets up and follows behind, chatting, laughing and joking like a big happy family.
"Steve," Tony yells, rushing towards him engulfing Steve in a giant hug.
"Happy," Lily snips.
"No, sorry. Groot was just filling me in on everything," she says, "how Loki destroyed the message so I won't see it."
"So, you need the two of us to get along so you can," he says, "what exactly?"
"Mr. Stark and Mr. Barnes," The AI replies, "Do you want me to fetch one of them?"
"No," I say and open the door walking out of the cell and going back upstairs to the living quarters.
I stand there taking it all in that four Avengers are standing in this crummy motel room. While stand there, I slowly loosen the grip I have on the gun and reach my hand out towards Wanda.
Next thing I see is a blue flash rushing into that house. I kneel down in front of Laura to try and calm myself.
“Happy, she loves you,” Tony says, “she hasn’t said it to anyone since you and I’m not sure she ever will.”
"Oh shut up," Lily says, laughing softly.
"So this is the hard part," Natasha says, "He's getting released now."
"Lila," Thor says walking out of the ship, "where is Banner?"
“Now if you’ll excuse me, I have to get back to work,” she says walking out of the office space.
"Yes, I am that Dylan," I say as we start to walk towards the quinjet, "The Red Room kidnapped me after Clint brought you to SHIELD."
“You’re the one who told us to make ourselves at home,” he says as he drags his feet across the floor into the kitchen.
"Dylan, is that you," I hear Steve yell from the kitchen.
"Honestly Buck, I hate how easy it is for you to read me," Steve replies, "Okay, well since there is so much talk of babies and children, I thought it might be a good time to tell everyone that Tony and I are adopting a little boy tomorrow."
I walk down the hallway, opening the door to my bedroom. Steve looks up from his book, he notices the concerned look on my face. He puts the book on the nightstand and turns so he's facing me.
"Happy," Ross says, "how about while I help Lily, you and Bruce look for Vision."
"Who? What do you mean," he says looking so confused.
I wake up to the small of coffee brewing in the kitchen. I crawl out of bed, still wearing Bucky's dress shirt and make my way down the hall.
“Which is why I’m here. Go home and rest, I’ll watch him,” Sean says as he walks into the room.
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH," I scream again in pain as I feel a hand touch my forehead. I reach up placing my hand on the one on my forehead and feel the familiarity of it, after I touch the hand the pain stops instantaneously. I sit there on the ground, still blinded by the pain I just went through, it's not until I feel arms around me that I start to see the room again.
"Pietro stop," I yell at him in Russian, "Let him stay here, it's my fault."
They step out of the elevator and walk onto the roof, scanning the area she sees Steve and Loki standing near the edge of the building. Grabbing her father’s arm, she tries and pull him away from this situation but an unsuccessful. They walk towards the two men as they turn to face them.
“Who’s that,” Steve asks once she releases the button.
"You're alive," I say getting off of him, helping him up, "Why didn't you come back?"
“Or she could just come and work here for us,” Tony says, “that way she can stay in a safe place and train to fight better.”
"He couldn't have survived this," Pietro whispers to me in Russian as Dad talks our way into the area.
"Cooper, you are going to go apologize to Dylan right now," I hear  Clint yell from upstairs.
"Morning," he says with that still foggy sleep voice.
He walks over to the bed cautiously, I crawl to the edge of the bed a reach out for his hand. He cautiously meets my hand and allows me to pull him on the bed. We lay down together, I curl up into his side.
Eric hands over the translation to Lily, she reads it over and over, getting more upset each time she reads it. Happy finally grabs the paper away from her.
He sits there listening, nodding occasionally.
She motions for Pietro to come over after saying that before I have a chance to reply.
"Ross," Lily says, grabbing his arm, "go to my office and grab the device. He's only missing one stone."
“Thanks, I should get going, though. I’ll see you when I get back,” she says hugging Fury and then Steve.
hawksilverforever.
Dylan is being kept up by nightmares of everything.
Steve and I start pulling away the rubble and help Tony up. As soon as he is standing up his suit flies around him engulfing him.
“There’s one more room full of people,” she says, “you want to take them or me?”
Everyone stops and stares at Pietro trying to see a reaction on his face. He looks over at Wanda who nods happily. He walks over towards the stage Clint reaching out a hand to help him up.
He throws me onto the bed finally letting go of my arm that's already bruising. As I'm about to yell at him more he's pinning me down to the bed so I'm unable to move. He reaches down with one hand and rips off my pants and the other is clasped over my mouth. I realize what's happening and bite down onto his hand and he recoils it.
"That's amazing," Laura, Wanda, Natasha, Bucky, and myself say at the same time.
"Where's Dylan and Laura," Laura asks rocking Nathaniel.
"Tomorrow," he says, "if I drove it would be a couple of hours."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Terrible," Everett replies, "everyone here is not doing their job. I mean Shannon stole Captain America's Shield and Falcon's wings and handed them right back to the fugitives."
Before anyone can answer an arrow is shot between Loki and myself causing an electric shock knocking us both on our asses.
"All ready to go," Clint says as he lifts Nathaniel up.
"I don't mean to impose but our second person in charge wants to talk to the person in charge here," he says in the politest way.
"No I got this, you stay with them," Pietro says as Laura climbs onto his back, "You called them mom and dad, you wouldn't have been allowed to leave anyway," He whispers to me in Russian earning a grin from Bucky.
“Hey. I’m at work, there was an alien invasion today. Where are you? I’ll be out in a moment, what’s so important anyway? Why can’t you tell me over the phone? Fine, give me a couple of minutes,” she finishes the conversation hanging up the phone.
"Hey, come in," he moves, motioning for me to follow him into the room.
"Yes."
"Hi, I'm Lila," she reaches her hand out to Laura.
"Like the rock-man," Happy says.
“It’s safer, I can protect you,” he says.
"Whatever," Happy says.
"Woah, woah, Clint, it's just me," Pietro said, with fear in his eyes.
"You learn ASL," he asks tears in his eyes.
"Lily, please don't tell Tony that," Ross says, as the pair walk up the ramp, "I'll do anything."
"I think we did just fine with Laura and we'll do gre-" Bucky starts.
"No, I heard you scream down in the lab," Tony says sitting on the corner of my bed, "I thought I'd give you some time before I come up here."
"He just found out about the Stone this morning," Happy says, "when did you go talk to him?"
"Jarvis, can you make sure no one comes in or listens in," I ask the room.
She pulls off the sweater she’s wearing and starts tearing it into strips creating tourniquets for the wounds on his arms. Steve carefully picks him up when she nods that it’s okay and carries him onto the lifeboat. Clint takes the shredded sweater and puts pressure on the bullet holes on his chest. The lifeboat docks back on the Helicarrier.
“I’m going to stay here for a bit, help out in whatever way I can,” she says, “then probably Berlin.”
"I have your brother to think about. Your father obviously didn't want you involved either Laura, and Dad was protecting you Pietro," I say, "If they wanted you to fight with them they would have dragged you along but they knew I would need family here. They kept you from the fight because of him," I say motioning towards the baby in my arms, "They left you, us, behind to protect us. I'm not planning on sign that damn thing, but I'm sure as hell not leaving a place that gives us protection."
"Sorry, just got caught up in something," I say walking to stand next to my dad, "Did you need something, or just wanting to be a pain in the ass?"
"Father," Enskauja says, "I finally get to meet you."
"None, cause if we do they'll know what it feels like to get 3rd degree burns," I say not facing him.
"Yeah," I answer, "did I zone out or something?"
I hop down from the counter and walk over towards Bucky's side, wrapping my arm around his waist.
"She's an Asgardian," Thor says walking into the kitchen, "she's one of the strongest people I know. Even more so now that she knows how to control the power from the Infinity Stone within her."
“No, my godfather wants to make sure I’m able to protect myself,” she replies in English.
"The next thing I remember is waking up in this room, I was freaking out. After a couple of minutes this woman walked in and told me that I was in the Red room in Russia and that I was there because my father flipped their best assassin."
"What, what do you mean," Pietro says in Russian letting Bucky walk back in the room.
"You are my soulmate," Loki says as he lifts my Dad up higher, "I cannot bare to see you with anyone else, especially someone that caused you so much pain. I love you, Dylan."
"You were someone before your training, you were Clint's daughter living on a freaking farm," he says looking smug like he just won, "change back to her, be her again."
"Of course, my king," she says, bowing on her way out.
"No, I'm your cool older sister that helps you get away with stuff," I whisper to him, this makes him laugh.
The door opens and three armed guards walk in. I smirk as one charges towards me. I quickly avoid his punch and grab his arm, engulfing him in flame. I slowly move towards the other two, hands still on fire. They both charge at me and I quickly throw them to the ground burning them in the process.
"Momma, I miss you," she says as I lift her up in a bigger hug, "How is Pops, did you find him?"
I walk out of the hospital room with Ras in my arms. Pietro and Laura are walking back with me, it's been three weeks since I woke up. Bucky and Dad have been missing since I woke up. I walk into the common area and see Vision sitting there on the couch with Tony and Rhodey.
We sit there watching the three kids playing on the playground enjoying the nice summer day. We've been here for about two hours, I'm about to offer to go get lunch when Bucky's, Dad's and my phones all go off.
Dylan wakes up after a night of nightmares in bed with Bucky. Clint and her family spend the day together. Steve and Tony need everyone's help before their wedding.
I feel him shift next to me. I look down at our hands still together on my lap.
“You’re hurt,” she says in butchered Russian as soon as she sees him, “let me help.”
"Don't say that it won't happen again," Bucky interrupts me, "Don't apologize for it either, if I didn't want the kiss I would have stopped you."
I sign to my Dad.
I sit on the bed and start crying, letting all this pent-up emotion out, "I don't know what to do anymore."
"Yes, yes I am. Most people don't notice them right away. I'm 80% deaf," he says turning to face me again.
"I'm fine," Bucky answers walking into the kitchen, "I just think I should leave. It would be better for the team if I were to go."
," Cooper hollers, "Just last week I was your big boy. I was told all my life that I was your first kid, that I was the oldest and now you bring this, this stranger into my home and tell me that she's my older sister. That she's your first kid!"
"Who are you? What do you want," I ask him as soon as he stops.
"I want you to do something for yourself," he says looking away from me now, "I want you to be able to say I made the right choice."
I stand there trying to comprehend what that meant, before I fully have time to react a metal reaches out and latches onto my arm.
Dylan pauses for a few minutes, struggling to find the next words to say.
"Laura, that was not for you to share," I say scolding her, "I'm sorry about her saying that, but I feel really happy that you shared that with me."
I stand there and watch Pietro wrap his arms around my Dads waist, the love in their eyes at this very moment.
I put my hand up to stop him from asking anything else and he does.
I walk over to the door unlocking it and walk out. I make my way to the kitchen just as Dad and Tony walk in.
"You have two minutes to change into this dress," Natasha says shoving a dress towards me.
"No," Everett says, as his date chuckles at my translation, "I believe my translation is correct, and you should really mind your own business."
"Bucky went under again and won't come out until we can remove whatever Hydra put in him," Steve answers quietly, "We have to figure out how to remove it."
"Pietro, move," Clint yells from inside the jet, "I need to see her."
"We have plans to create the Asgardian race," he says, "they will be similar to us. Only able to have one child at a time. I prophesy that the first-born twin of a celestial being and an Asgardian will be born with the power of an Infinity Stone, they will carry its power until their dying breath only to release the stone once they have rejoined us."
“Hey kid,” she says turning away from Steve and Bucky, “what’s up?”
“I need to touch you to help you,” she rasps out in Russian.
"I had a fucking secret back then," I scream, "I had to hide what my Dad did, I wasn't allowed to have friend over. I've always had secrets. You know what, I'm not going to sit here and get yelled at for being who I am."
"I was there for a year getting better, when I was fourteen they put me through this painful process that gave me my abilities. I was in a rock cocoon, which is nothing like what you three went through. When I was fifteen the women sold me to Hydra for information on her biological daughter."
The doctor wipes the ultrasound goop off of my stomach. I stand and walk into the bathroom and change back into my clothes. I walk into the room and see Bucky looking out the window, I wrap my arms around his waist kissing his back. He turns around pulling me into a hug kissing the top of my head.
“Sorry,” he says softly in English.
"Fine, one person cares about him," Happy says.
"He left late last night, Miss Laura," the AI system replies.
We stand there in silence waiting for Clint to answer but he never does. I stand there looking around the room and anywhere but at Clint and Pietro. It's not until Bucky nudges me making me look up at Clint that I realize that he's signing at me.
"Can I talk to you for a second," Bucky asks wrapping his arm around my shoulders.
"Dylan doesn't want to get to know us," I hear Laura ask from the entry way.
Avery carefully reaches her hand out to the body’s neck checking for a pulse.
"Yes, sir, she is still awake," The AI answers.
"When did you get back," I ask looking into my cup.
I storm out of the room racing downstairs to the shoot range and locking myself in there. I fall onto the floor crying because I just lost all of my family in the run of a month. I hear a faint knocking at the door and go to open it.
"What, what is going on," Dad asks from my side, "Dylan, why is he still here?"
Without thinking, without really knowing what I want to do or say, I stand up and walk over to the couch. I kneel in front of Pietro lifting his chin in my hand and kiss him. At first, he doesn't react so I start to pull away thinking I did something wrong. He stops me from pulling away wrapping his fingers in my hair and kisses back. He pulls me onto the couch with him, I push him back so we're now laying on the couch together still kissing. After a while, I lift my head and lips away from him.
“You gave us a little scare there, buddy,” she says walking into the room.
“Which is a problem,” Sam says crossing his arms across his chest.
Lila walks out to the Bifrost with Loki close behind her. They arrive there to see a guard dressed in Midgardian clothing.
"As soon as you and Clint are talking again. I want him to know first," Bucky says as we walk out of the room.
"I have an Infinity Stone keeping me alive," Lily says, "I want your help in creating an energy source that can take its place if it comes to that."
Before I can reply Pietro is already up the rest of the stairs, I get off on the next floor and take the elevator up to our living quarters.
"I need a threat that will bring the Valkyrior here," Ego answers sinisterly.
"Let's go inside, you two ladies must be exhausted," Steve says leading us into the base.
"I'm going out for some air," he says.
"Nat, he's not going to tell us anything," Tony says walking towards us.
"He said Wanda got them all out, after Laura's death," I say, "He was under my truth power."
Dad signs as Loki follows behind Steve as we walk out towards our jet.
“Wait, was your father Phil Coulson,” he asks.
"Sparky, it's not for Pietro to say if something is up with your Dad," Tony says after letting me go.
"Lily, you're bleed," Tony states as his face plate lifts.
“God, I just hate the idiot that lives above me,” she says as she and Happy walk down her block hand in hand, “I mean two am is not the time to start yodeling.”
He races away from me before I'm able to say anything else. I stand there looking in the direction that he ran zoning out that I don't notice that my Dad place his hand on my shoulder until he says something.
"Umm, it was a wrong number," I say as we get up and start to walk back to the car.
"Hey, kiddo," Dad says turning to me, "Want to come help me fly this thing? Nat is tired so I best let her sleep."
"Nuhg," Tony says, gesturing to the ships and groups standing on the grounds, "you have to take care of all this."
“Can I see him,” Wanda asks.
"Might I be of help," Wanda says walking into the kitchen.
"We aren't signing it and we can't stay here," Pietro speeds out.
"What if you had someone else from the team there? I mean two sets of eyes on one mobile person is better then one," Clint says picking up Nathaniel so he can put the bowl in the sink, "I mean if you don't mind someone tagging along."
"What's up," I ask looking at him as he walks over to my side.
"He's fine, healthy as can be for being premature," Bucky says, "He has abilities just like you and Laura, his are more dangerous. He's the reason why you're still here, he's able to coat himself in blades, that's how he got out and that's why you had his so early."
“You can take that if you need to,” Steve says.
"You forgot Vision has an Infinity stone, didn't you," Thor said over the radio.
"Sure, do you really think going to the park is a good idea," he said walking out holding her brush.
I smile, "Well I named you after the strongest woman I know," I look over to Laura senior, seeing the tears she's been trying to hold back flow over.
“I need a gurney,” she hollers as staff rush onto the boat.
I pause for a moment letting that part settle in.
"She doesn't only have healing power, she has other powers too. That's right my Momma is a superhero too," Laura says as we walk out of the door, dragging Pietro with her.
"Thank you," she says, pulling him into a hug, "you don't know how helpful this could be. It might even give us a leg up on Thanos!"
"He? We're having a son," Bucky says hugging me again.
"James, move for a sec. The baby's been kicking, want to feel," I say as Wanda walks over to my side. She places her hand cautiously on my stomach just as the baby kicks.
"I know, Pietro," I say as we walk out the training room together turning to head towards the stairs, "but you also have to understand that this is his second and the only reason it didn't last is because he's gay and in love with you. He had to give up a lot for your relationship, can't you give up the dreams of a big wedding?"
"If you can't convince him," Dad says before I get my hand on the door, "I'm calling off the engagement."
We became friends and he taught me all the different pranks he played on Thor. The closer we got the more Odin had us seated together at feasts and festivals. My sister grew more and more angry the closer I got to him and the distance I put between us. So, on our birthday, when we became of age she demanded that I went with her to find our father; I agreed but Odin had different ideas.
"I have a good reason for being gone for three weeks," I say pushing past him walking into the room more, "I went and found someone that shouldn't miss Tony's and Steve's wedding."
Bucky leads the team into Malicks Hydra base in Crimea. He'll do anything for his daughter, even going into the belly of the beast.
The music starts booming at those words, I stand up and make my way over to Bucky, who's sitting with Steve and Tony. I sit down next to him, looking up at his beautiful brown eyes.
"Umm, right," Clint says, "I never thought of that. I thought I had years before I had to think of a name."
"Then it's settled, Bucky stays, Pietro is sleeping in my room and Steve is making waffles," Clint says hopping down from his seat.
I look at the chair she's talking to and see Gideon sitting there, I'm about to walk over to him when I'm knocked off balance by someone.
"What's up," Bucky asks as he hops up onto the counter.
"I wanted to talk to you about the kiss earlier," I say looking at my hands, "I want to apologize for it. I was overemotional with being rescued and shouldn't have done that. It won't hap-"
I wrap my legs around his arm ramming my foot into his fleshy part on the shoulder. He quickly releases me and charges at me, I counter his attack, causes him to topple over I jump on top of him pinning down his left arm.
I pace around Tony's lab as they all talk about taking their time, surveillance is key. I slam my fists onto the counter.
"Dylan, you know you're off training and mission until you have the baby right," Steve says after dodging punches form Pietro.
He turns around slowly at the last two words, I am able to see the confusion, sorrow, and hurt in his eyes. I walk over to the gun rack and pick up a practice set of arrows and the matching bow and head over to the open range beside him.
Lily walks out of the base towards the ship from Saakar the next morning, followed closely by Happy and Eric. The door opens and out walks Loki, Valkyrie, and Heimdall.
“I am here to support my friends,” he says.
"So, Dad, when do I get to meet my other siblings," I ask, I see his eyes lighten at the name dad.
I watch as my Dad slowly get up from his seat and walk over to me, pulling me up into a giant hug.
"I built it from this Norse mythology old book," she replies, "it took me awhile because I had to translate the text."
"What if Tony looked into it," Happy says, as Ross leaves the room pulling out his phone in the process, "he's good at making things that keep hearts going."
"James, I have," I start looking at my feet, "I can't, I want. Bucky, I ca-"
"He has," Lily replies, "I went to him as soon as I ran out of ideas."
"Yes, a nurse just left, Bruce is on his way," I say to my Dad calming him some, "Why am I in here though? Are the twins okay?"
"No. I'm not going to," Cooper yells back, "I don't even want you here anymore."
"Jarvis, take us back to the base," I say to the AI system.
"So you knew everything this whole time," I say realizing just how close he was to Dylan, "and you didn't tell me?"
“One second,” she calls into the kitchen as she steps out into the hallway, “dad, I have someone who knows Tony, someone who won’t feel right lying to him. You can’t be here.”
“Sorry, it’s just been a little crowded and crazy here,” she says walking over hugging him.
She grabs the stitches kit and sits in front of Steve again. Pulling on a pair of gloves, she starts cutting away his uniform from the gash on his side. Slowly she starts to clean the area, she opens the pack and start to stitch up the gash.
I stand, moving Laura over to Bucky's lap, and walk over to them. I look down at my hands.
"No, I mean what are you doing to make Laura's body move," he asks again releasing my head, "The doctors are down there prepping her for the funeral and out of now where her body starts twitching."
I look over towards the tie that is one the bed, "The grey one, it will make the blue of the tie more vibrant, and also help bring a more joyful look to your eyes."
"What is the matter with you two," Valkyrie asks.
"Cooper, I think you owe your father an apology," She says kneeling in front of Cooper with a sleeping Nathaniel in her arms.
"Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you for the first time," Thor booms over the crowd, "Mr. and Mr. Rogers-Stark."
Lily walks towards the pair by the driveway using her power to make Thanos take a few steps away from Loki. Once close to the man on the ground, she kneels next to Loki and pulls him into her lap again.
"In the nightmare," she says, "it was during the rape and the other guy, looked down at me with a sickening grin and said I love you. It was just a lot to take in."
"You're one to talk," he replies, "you're possessive of her."
We walk up through the woods, finding a police cruiser to give us a lift back to the base. We sit in silence the whole drive home. We get back to the base and walk into the elevator heading up to the living quarters.
"WE HAVE TO ACT NOW," I scream getting their attention, "We can stand here and make plans but they could be torturing her, or worse brainwashing her to kill us."
"Who do you work for," Steve asks again.
"Laura, go help Clint with Nathaniel," I wait until she leaves the room, "If we bring Pietro that's another person that could be taken by Hydra. We're risking it bad enough by both of us going, but I'm not taking this away from our daughter."
"He means the newspaper," Lily says, "as in, he read it in the paper."
"Good to see you again," she says, "I need you to come in with me. I'm looking for someone with a similar energy as you and it would be easier if you weren't running around the city at super speed."
Before I can ask him to show me I'm lifted onto his back and am raced to where he found Bucky. He drops me and races back to get Dad. I look down at the man laying down on his left side in a crumpled mess before me; before I can say anything he is quickly up on his feet and pinning me to the tree behind him with his left arm, his new left arm.
"Pissed," Happy and Lily answer at the same time.
"I love you too, kiddo," he says as we hop off his table and walk out of the medical wing, meeting up with Bucky and Pietro.
"I don't want to remove it today," she says, "I'd like to keep it in there as long as possible, but this can replace the Infinity Stone if Thanos manages to remove it?"
I look around the cell and see that I am alone and that there is no place for a voice to come from. I sit there confused and hear it again, I try and focus on it. After a couple of minutes of focusing on the voice I hear it again, louder this time. I sit there listening to it until I realize that the voice is coming from inside of me; not from my head but my stomach.
"I want my Dad, I want Clint back right now. Has anyone called him and told him I'm in labour," I rant on, "Does he know that he's about to be a grandfather again?"
“Captain Rogers, you on the other hand are going to need stitches,” she says examining at his side, “it’ll just take a mom-”
"Did I hurt him," I ask in English as we walk out of the shooting range.
“I see him, I’ll be right back,” he says to her as he runs towards the market.
I wait until he is fully asleep before slipping out of his bed grabbing his shirt and pulling it on. I search for my dress finding it and then I write a note.
"No, he's fine," Clint says as he hands me a glass of water.
"Where's Pops," I hear a small voice from the living room, I turn and walk out of the kitchen.
"Morning," I say turning around to lean on the counter, "What do you want to do today?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“I have to,” he says, “if he stays here any longer the government will find out and take him in.”
"I know, I'm sorry that I took away our daughter," he says crying from his seat.
"There will be a titan named Thanos in the worlds we want to make," he says, "he will hunt down these stones and harness their power to destroy all that we have created."
"Okay, what do you need us to do," I pipe up from my spot by the fridge, "We can finish decorating. Tomorrow is a big day for you guys and we all want to help."
I hurry out of the room, not wanting to take anything away from them today. I knock on Laura's door and walk in seeing her rocking Nathaniel while looking at her clothes.
"I didn't know Agent Barton had three children," Loki says after awhile, "I knew about Cooper and Lila but not about you, is he ashamed of you or something?"
I send to Laura.
We walk down the cliff that Bucky went over carefully, I see the area where the wreck of the bike still is and look around there for a sign of him. I'm about to continue down the hill when I see a trail of blood going left of the wreck.
"Look, I understand that that kiss was due to everything you went through," he says leaning against the island, "but I wouldn't mind if it happened again. I mean in the past few weeks since you told me about Laura and how much more time we've spent together I've started to feel things towards you."
"You knew she was alive," I cry out with tears running down my face, "You knew where she was and you didn't tell me? You didn't run off and save her then? You don't deserve her, you will never deserve her! You could have brought her home, you could have saved Laura and her from all that torture! I want you out of this base, I want you gone! You have no right to marry my daughter and I'll kill you if you even try!"
"He nearly killed me didn't he," I ask flatly.
“Tahiti bad,” he whispers as someone walks past.
"She's my daughter," Clint says then turns to Tony, "Thanks for barging into her room whenever that was. I don't need to think of my daughter sleeping with a hundred year old man."
"He's staying by my side throughout this," I say turning about to walk out of the room.
"I know sweetheart, today we're going to be on team Tony helping him get ready okay," I reply getting out of bed and pulling on some socks.
She turns and walks towards the room listed on the file pulling out her phone sending a text off to her father asking about Uncle Nick. She walks into the room and starts with the standard day that awaits her.
“Yes, my king,” Steve says, walking out of the kitchen.
"Clint, get him out of here," I hear Pietro say to Clint who just showed up in the doorway. I know that he's talking about Bucky and I try to stop him but am unable to speak.
"I'm actually surprised none of the others have tried to kill me," Loki says from the corner he's been hiding in.
"Hi," Tony says quietly as he sees us walk in, "I didn't, I, umm, I-"
"I guess Dylan is the only one not pissed at being woken up," Dad says as Wanda walks into the room.
"I'm a spy, James," I say in response, "I've been told all my life to keep secrets. Every since I could remember I've been told to keep the truth hidden. It's going to take me awhile to change how I'm wired inside and to fully trust the people I have in my life."
"Congrats Dad," I say when they get there.
"We figured you'd want time to relax and get comfortable before meeting everyone," Pietro said without lifting his head from Laura's notepad.
"FRIDAY, turn off the screen," she says, sitting at her desk.
"I am Groot," he replies.
"Okay, thanks for the heads up," Ross says, smiling flirtatously, "Lily, I hope that I won't have to see you on a business visit again."
"Was that Laura," he says taking a step closer to me, "She worried about you? How do you think she'll feel seeing you kill the Avengers?"
"You want me to choose," I say looking into his eyes, "between being with the team or being with someone I love?"
Before I can answer I feel a sharp shooting pain in my forehead and hear two loud bangs from her room, "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO," I scream. I see Steve race into the room dragging an unconscious man out of the room.
Dylan and Laura get to finally spend some one-on-one time with Clint and Nathaniel.
"Don't worry Dylan, everything will work out like you planned," Pietro says as he fixes my hair.
“How bad is it out there,” Steve asks, trying to sit up.
"Loki, it will work better if you are beside him," Dad says glaring up at him.
“Yea, I mean you practically live here anyway,” she blurts out, “Tony is shocked when you stay upstate so it just makes sense.”
"When. When we get married, I'll be the happiest person alive," I say, leaning in kissing the top of his forehead before dragging Steve out onto the dance floor.
"No, Yes, Yes, No,"  Wanda said as she joined us, "but be careful, he's bringing his son whose only one year old."
I let out a huff knowing that he's right and turn and walk back towards the kitchen. I give Laura a look when I walk back in letting her know that the adults need to talk, she races out of the room heading to her room.
"Why are you so obsessive over Lily," Ross questions.
We all nod in response and sit down around the edges of the clearing waiting for the jet. I walk over towards Loki and sit down next to him.
"So what about his arm," Dad asks, completely forgetting what we were just talking about.
“It’s fine,” she says, “it’s easier than trying to find him in the water. Where’s his shield anyway? He had it with him in New York so shouldn’t it be with him now?”
"Where is Laura, where is she," I scream from my spot on the ground, I see Pietro come over to me carrying a small limp body towards me.
"They should though," Bucky says lifting his head slowly, "Everyone, including you, should hate me and want me dead for what I did to you."
"Oh, okay," I say, thinking that's the end of what he's going to say.
"Happy, is everything alright," Lily asks as Peter rushes off towards Tony's lab.
"Yes, Heimdall, the Watcher of the Worlds can actually find people their soulmates," Loki replies as we walk onto our living floor.
"Okay, so when's the big day," Tony asks looking back and forth between Loki and myself.
"I-I couldn't remember how to get back," he says looking down, "I just woke up in the woods after the crash without my arm and a lot of blood. I passed out and woke up here in the woods with this new arm and couldn't remember anything of how I got here or what happened."
"Lily, that was fast," Happy says, pulling her into a hug when she steps onto the ground.
"What? Oh, yeah, of course I'd come out to you," he says, still trying to process what Laura said, "I know we've only known each other for about a month, but I feel a really close connection with you."
Quiet. Slowly she steps down from the toilet and make her way out of the bathroom. Walking through the terminal she sees a pair of people sitting in one of the windows. She’s about to go and talk to them when they start running, being followed by a man crawling on the windows. What happens next is a blur, things are being thrown around at each person only to stop when the person dressed in a blue and red suit is thrown out the window.
I look over at Bucky who's sitting on the other side of Laura and try to think of what to say to make last night not awkward. After dinner is finished a few people get up and make some toasts to the happy couple, then the music starts for the dance.
We burst through the doors at the medical wing and are escorted straight to a private room. Bucky puts me down on the bed and is then ushered out as the doctor examines me. I sit there as he carefully pokes around my two sides, lower back, and pelvic area. After that he hooks me up to a machine to monitor my vitals and sends out for the ultrasound equipment. Once the equipment is in the room he hooks it up and checks on the baby, he also examines me to check and see if it's with my uterus.
"She left," I say walking over to the freezer pulling out a bag of frozen peas wrapping it around my hand, "Tony picked her up and took them all back to the base."
The smaller man notches an arrow aiming it at her while a sickly looking Loki leans out of the van meeting the broken look in her eyes.
“I know,” he says, “but you have to start getting over him, I mean look how long it took me to get over your father and then when I finally start to feel happy in a new relationship he shows up very much alive. I mean it’s better to find happiness sooner rather than later Andrea out on so much.”
"Natasha and Clint should be here shortly," Steve said as he took the place beside me, "Then in three more hours the rest of  the team will be here."
"You going to make another happy father daughter moment," Pietro asks in Russian, wrapping his arm around Clint.
"Don't worry," I say as I still cry, "These are happy tears."
"The hospital, and that beeping is the machine helping our son breathe," Bucky answers still rubbing my hand, "You went into labour about two months ago, he's been on that machine since then. You've been in a coma, at first it was due to the amount of pain you were in, then the past couple of weeks it was a medically induced coma because we need you to focus on healing yourself."
"Dylan," Pietro runs up to me hugging me and Laura,  "You're back, and you're okay."
“She’s happy,” he replies not taking his eyes off of her.
“I can’t do that. She’s finally able to talk about what happened that night to someone who wasn’t there,” he says, shrugging off the hand and turning to walk away.
“You have a choice,” the raven-haired man says as he stands and moves next to Steve, “by midnight tomorrow you must decide to either bring me your father so I can kill him or allow Steve to die in his place.”
"I have a right to kill him," I say stopping and turning to face him, "She's my daughter and he violated her."
I stand up and walk out of the bathroom, he walks behind me closely keeping an eye on me. We stand in the hallway with the rest of the team as the cell door opens and Bucky walks out. He looks around at the team and sees me walking out of the bathroom with my Dad, he pushes past everyone and engulfs me into a massive hug. I hug him back crying as all the emotions I've been burying for the past three weeks come back.
"About damn time," I say from Bucky's arms, "Before you ask, I'm not ready to talk about it yet and if you pressure me to talk about it I will shut down again."
"Let me try," I say looking at Malick, without waiting for a reply I walk over to him, "You sick son of a bitch are going to tell my friends what they want to know, you understand?"
"I-I'm your dad," Clint asks looking up at me.
We continue the rest of the way in silence. I stand up as we start to land, picking up my gun and wait for the back hatch to open.
Dylan and Laura have been getting to know Bucky over the past couple of weeks and decide to bring him on there outing with Clint and Nathaniel to the park.
“Happy, Tony and the rest of them don’t know and can’t know,” she says letting go of him.
"He has one," Rocket says, "he took down the Nova Core to get it."
I lay in bed curled up against Bucky's chest. I feel a pair of hands grab my shoulders and start shaking me. I reach under my pillow pulling a gun pointing it at the persons face, while holding up the blanket to my naked chest.
“So, you watch the news,” he asks.
"Shit, everyone buckle up, this is going to be a rough landing. One of our engines just blew," Steve yells over the alarm.
“Where’s my brother,” the woman dressed in red asks as she walks off the elevator.
I nod, knowing not to push him into telling me what it was. I stand and walk over the the broom Steve insisted on leaving beside the fridge, I start cleaning up the broken glass and plates. Bucky walks over to the bar stool and sits there staring off into space.
"I did great with Laura," I interrupt him, "you fucking killed her," I see the pain that those words cause raising in his eyes as he turns and runs out of the room, "James, James, Bucky, that's not what I meant."
"Hi, we just wanted to thank everyone for coming, and apologize to our family that we didn't invite to the ceremony," Dad starts, "It was an intimate moment that was shared between best friends that have become family, that's right I'm talking to you Nat and Dylan, and family that has become best friends, that's you Wanda. Nat, we've been through everything together, including trying to kill each other, I want you to know that you are the only person in this world I view as my sister and that I wouldn't have learned to be as strong as I am without you by my side living the terrors I lived and I want to thank you for that."
We sit in silence for the rest of the flight, when we land Laura races towards the lab and sits on the stool blabbing to Vision about technical nonsense. I'm about to stand and walk when my legs give out from under me and Bucky swiftly lifts me up and carries me to my room. I see Tony race towards his room to change and get ready for his big night.
He nods quickly while Pietro is distracted by Wanda, I smile at him and pull him into a hug.
We were in the club dancing along to the music, having a couple of drinks, oblivious to what is about to happen in a couple of days.
Thor nods, right after he does that Loki destroys the two Iron Legion holding him and charges towards Bucky, throwing me into the wall beside us. He's halfway towards him when he collapses in pain. Two armed guards walk over and pick him up carrying him out of the room, Thor follows after them to make sure that Loki won't get away. I lay on the ground with my eyes shut, trying to assess the pain I'm feeling, when I feel and pair of hands, one warm and one cool, on my shoulders.
"I love you too, Dylan," he whispers with his forehead leaning on mine.
Dad signed to me after Natasha went to the bathroom.
Dylan needs advice but can't find Pietro, so she goes to the next best thing. Wanda, his sister.
I fall to my knees on the floor and start crying harshly that I'm convulsing on the floor.
"You're already so much more," he says in his groggy sleep voice, "I'm sorry I asked you to change."
"Momma, should I tell him too?" Laura asks as she crawls into my lap.
"Can I talk to Dad alone," I say to Pietro and Bucky in Russian, they both give me worried looks as they walk out of the area.
"Natasha? Clint? Oh, right other team members," I reply,
"Let's go for a walk then," he says wrapping a coat around my shoulders, "Let's get out of this base for a while."
"Where do we go though," I say, "After he's better? We're fugitives, our son is a fugitive and he's not even a year old yet."
After we finish talking about this, we walk back into the base. I say goodbye to Wanda and Vision as I make my way to the gym.
"Brother, why must you always cause so much mischief," Thor booms once the door is closed.
I hop off the counter and stand in front of him stopping him from storming out of the kitchen.
"How did you," he sputters out, "Oh, it's you."
I sit there as Bucky walks out of the room to go make me so food. I snuggle down into my comfy bed and wait for something to eat, I slowly start to drift into a good sleep when the door opens and Bucky walks in.
I push myself away from in and charge at him, he grabs hold of me flipping me over his back so we're now on the floor. I look up and see Wanda walk down the hallway, I motion for her to stay out of the way as Bucky reaches down and grabs the throat pinning me against the wall. I wrap my legs around him kicking his shoulder again, I land on my feet as he stumbles back. I charge at him as he whips me into Laura's door, I reach my hand up grabbing the handle accidentally unlocking it by fingerprint recognition.
"Good news, Sergeant Barnes is completely clear of all traces of Hydra," the doctor says, "He's getting changed and will be right out."
The doors open and I walk out towards his cell. I quickly jump into the viewing part and see him sitting there tied to the chair in the middle of the room. I place my hand against the glass wishing I could be there with him. I walk out of the room and turn to walk towards the elevator pausing for a minute before I turn and walk towards the cell door. I push the door open and walk in sitting on the chair by the door.
He reaches over and lightly rubs my back. I feel my eyes get heavy with sleep but don't give in.
"Nothing," she says, walking away from the tree, starting to feel unnerved.
“I’m going and there’s nothing you can do to stop me,” she says storming out of the lab towards the suit Steve is still trapped in.
“Then you freak out,” Clint says, “and try again, and you keep that cycle until you find someone that doesn’t make you freak out when they mention moving in.”
"I'll talk to him. Not at lunch," I say while pulling him up to his feet, "I'll get him to agree to a small thing with just us your large family, Nat, and Wanda."
"Please don't hurt her, I swear I won't leave again," I whisper through staggered breathes, " What's the target?"
"Hawaii? Wedding? Explain," Bucky asks curtly.
Everyone goes back to their conversations and I just sit there starting to relax a bit around this group of people until he walks in. I stand up staring at him as he walks towards the coffee pot, just like a normal person, I start walking towards the door but am stopped by a hand on my shoulder. I turn around pulling my gun I had concealed out pointing it at Steve, and everyone else in the room stops what they're doing staring at me.
"Wait, they're all here," I say looking up and making eye contact with Clint, "Why?"
"What are you doing, Sparky," Tony asks moving my head so he can examine my pupils.
“No, I was told to stay out of sight,” she replies standing up.
"What's up," he asks plopping down next to us.
"No, we don't," I reply, "I don't have a connection with this baby, and want to be surprised for once with my baby. How about you guys, Dad?"
I walk over to him wrapping my arms around his waist, I nuzzle my head into his back. I feel him relax in my arms.
I nod and follow him towards his room, we walk in and I take a seat on the bed.
“No, he isn’t your dad, but I’m just as crazy about Pietro as I was for your dad,” Clint says.
"Oh my! You're really him! You're Tony Stark, my mom and me were going to see you give your talk on arc reactors and how dangerous the really can be at Stark Expo, and now you're here in our motel room. I'm just in awe," Laura rambles on.
I nod and walk out of the base with Tony, feeling the cool air on my skin is a great feeling after this terrible day.
"So, Cooper," I start, "I want to know that I'm not going to try and be all big sister-y to you."
“I’m on vacation, what does it look like,” she says as he throws his shield again.
"I am Groot," Groot says from her doorway.
"Oh, so this between us," Bucky says with a hurt tone, "isn't reality, isn't real. Well I'm glad to know how much I fucking mean to you."
"Laura gone to bed," Laura asks with the worried look she's had for the past three weeks.
"Sweetheart, baby girl," Dad says wrapping his arm around my shoulders, "I'm not going anywhere. Pietro, me, and Bucky are your family on this base. You can't loose us that easily."
"Where's Laura," I ask as I walk to the couch.
"I have a two part question for you," I say around a piece of bacon, "One, do you know what's going on with your grandfather, and two, do you know where your father is?"
With that, I turn and storm out of the room.
I part from the kiss and smile up at him before getting off the bed.
"Then you can be with Pietro, cause all he talks about is how much he loves you," Laura says not looking up from her drawing.
"Pops, did you see where Momma went after she got Nathaniel out of the swing," I ask turning towards my dad.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm sorry if I was focused on being with you," Pietro continues, "I knew she was planning on telling you at some point, so I didn't feel like pressuring her."
"We have a problem, we need your help Tony," Steve says as he pushes away the smaller man, "I just need to make a few things clear, one I'm still not going to sign it. Two, I won't come home until you get the government to overrule it. And three, no one gets arrested while you help us."
"I want to know, I don't care what the reason is I need to know," I say, bracing myself.
I look around his room and see that it's just as bare as mine, expect for one picture he has on his nightstand. I walk over and pick in up looking at the happy family in the photo.
"Ready," Tony asks take a spot next to me. I nod, slowly letting blue smoke trickle out of my hands wrapping around Bucky.
"Will you," he asks, materializing a simple necklace with an amber coloured snowflake shaped pendant, "promise to spend eternity with me as my wife?"
It’s been almost a year since she saw Steve trapped in one of Tony’s suits and everything is still moving along the same way it did before Steve returned. Happy and Avery are getting more serious with each passing day.
Laura slowly walks over to where Bucky is sitting, he shifts in his seat so he is sitting taller. She looks into his eyes and reaches her hand up to her face and rests it on his cheek. Bucky's face lightens up at the touch. Laura then leans in and pulls Bucky into a hug as she starts to cry, Bucky pulls her up into his lap rocking her lightly soothing her.
“You’re good at this,” Steve says, “normally it hurts.”
"Tell me dear girl," he says, "you have a twin do you not?"
"Why would she feel the same way when she's met me," Ross retorts, "I made a complete ass of myself the first time we met and she's still around. You only met her because your boss hired her."
"No, I didn't know she was going to come back," I say walking towards him, "The doctors always told me that when she was fifteen that's when it would work, not a moment before then. I honestly thought I lost her, until metal chest told me her body was twitching."
"Glad to see you're awake," a nurse says in hushed tones, "I've paged Dr. Banner and he will be here shortly."
"You have knowledge on Infinity Stones," Thanos says, "how much would you like for it?"
"I've never been to a wedding before," he says while squeezing me, "I'm just so happy."
"Dylan, you're here! Did you bring Ras," Nathaniel asks when he sees me.
I stand there stepping away from the hug with my Dad as he walks over and hugs Bucky. I stand there smiling, seeing my Dad and the father of our twins hug, when I collapse to the ground clutching my head screaming in pain. The last thing I remember before blacking out is Dad and Bucky saying
"You're taking a small team with you," Steve says, "I'll stay here with the rest of the team and try and find him from here. We'll let you know with coms as usu-"
"Shhh, Dylan, it's okay," I feel Bucky rub my back as I sit in bed hyperventilating, "It's okay, he'll understand."
"Okay, so when I was seven I was on the bus home from school one day," Dylan starts telling us about her past, "and when the bus stopped at my usual stop I got off and started to walk home, when people grabbed me. They were speaking Russian, I know that now, and they injected me with something knocking me out.
“Loki,” he whispers, “I don’t know why you’re his target.”
"So who else is standing with Steve," I ask walking over to straighten my fathers tie.
It's been three weeks since the attack in the base, I'm standing in the kitchen making a pot of coffee. I try and clear my head knowing that Bucky has one more test to pass before he can be released, one test that I have to be there for.
"What is it," she asks, slightly annoyed with the cereal stuck in her hair.
"Dylan left, with Laura and Bucky," I say looking out the window at the open field that Dylan was just in, "She didn't want to be somewhere she wasn't wanted."
"What is it," I ask.
"Let's go upstairs," Steve says clasping his hand on Bucky's shoulder as everyone makes their way towards the elevator.
I look at the watch Pops has on his wrist, it's no where near time for Nate's nap. I stand up and grab Pops hand, not wanting to get lost. We walk towards the car using the same path as earlier, I look around hoping to see signs of Momma but I don't.
She hangs up the phone and walks out the door locking her apartment. Hopping into her car she drives off towards the hospital, pulling into her usual spot she gets out of the car and walks into the lobby.
"Can I come back with you to the base," Cooper asks, "I want to apologize."
"Just finished," I say turning off the switch.
Clint and Avery sit down on one of the last life boats waiting to go back to the Helicarrier when a mother starts freaking out because she can’t find her son. She watches as Clint looks back out onto the flying city to find her son.
I walk down the hallway and turn into my room seeing Clint, I mean dad, and Bucky walk the rest of the way to their rooms in silence.
"You're leaving the base," I hear Pietro and Clint say from the open field in front of us.
“It’s not going to take long, why don’t you grab us each another beer,” she says grabbing a garbage bag from under her sink. She put the pizza box and paper plates into the bag and place it in her trash can, turning she happily accept the beer in Happy’s out stretched hand.
"Yes," Bucky replies with tears in his eyes.
T'Challa and Okoye walk out of the lab, not saying anything in response. Ross looks behind them confused, but then back to Lily, giving her a reassuring smile.
"Colonizer," Shuri yells, "do your job and watch Lily's back."
"I'm going to kill that girl," I say to Pietro once we're back in our room, "Does she not know who he is? Does she not know what he did to me?"
"Where's Betty then," Wanda asks from her spot on the floor.
The next thing they know is an Iron-man suit landing next to them grabbing Steve, causing him to let go of her arm making her fall to the ground, and pinning him up against the side on the restaurant. She feels a pair of hands lift her up and pulls her close, looking up Avery sees Happy holding her. She turns back just in time to see the suit open up and Steve get pulled in before flying off.
“I-I don’t know,” he says.
I want to thank everyone that read this fic, it's my first time writing something like this and I never imagined such a great response to it. I will be writing a squeal to this picking up right where this left off, I really hope the people that have read this will be there when I start the next one.
"I love you, Dylan," he whispers into my hair with me curled up into his side.
"No, Laura needs to get to know her dad before she meets her grandfather," I answer back in Russian.
"What is it," I ask.
Malick moves his hand slightly and the men let go of me and walk away. He motions for me to follow and I do, we end up in the room that I need to be in.
Before I'm able to say something Pietro shows up with Laura placing her on the ground next to me and racing off again.
"Lily, I want you to meet one more group before you leave," the chairman of the museum says, leading her over to a small group of people, "Everyone, this is Lily, head of artifact translation. Lily, this is a small portion of our federal government benefactors."
"I could have done it," Wanda whispers to me and Bucky in Russian so Clint doesn't hear.
"Ahhh, you're back," Malick says noticing Bucky standing in the doorway.
. I walk into the house and punch the wall as soon as I close the door.
"What's up, kiddo," my Dad says from the bed.
"No, Steve, I'm sorry," I say pulling him into a hug, "I'm sorry that you and Tony are fighting and barely talking. I'm sorry that you had to choose sides between your husband and your best friend. I'm sorry I wasn't able to help."
"I'm doing this because of love," I reply, "I believe that when you get married, it should be to someone you love. And I'm sorry, Loki, but I don't love you."
"Don't even think about it, I'd do that anytime," he replies running his fingers lightly over my hair.
“Thanks,” he says as he walks out the door jump down to his floor from hers.
"Sure, just be careful," I say grabbing the diaper bag from Clint so he can bring Nathaniel to the slide.
"HE SAID YES," Tony yells before we have a chance to say hello.
I turn and walk out of the kitchen with Pietro and Clint. This is the first time I'm walking away from Bucky feeling stronger, then weakened.
After sleeping for two hours, I get up and walk towards the lab that I knew Laura would be in. I walked up to the door and watched as Tony and her were building little gadgets.
"We have a problem," Pietro says to me in Russian out of nowhere, "Tony and Steve asked Wanda to walk them down the aisle."
Before I can finish Pietro is out of the room, seconds later he is back with Loki.
I look up making eye contact with Tony, "There's one more ability," I stop him in his tracks and he looks at me.
The last thing I remember before falling into a deep sleep was Clint quickly kissing my forehead and saying, "I'm not leaving your side, kid."
"Yes it might be crazy," I say, "But what's a family without some crazy in it?"
"Please, Dylan," Clint says, "I'm your dad and I'm not letting you leave because Cooper is throwing a fit."
"Oh, okay then," he says, "sorry to just show up here then."
"Fine," she says, begrudgingly, "it's not like there's some mercenary on the loose looking for Infinity Stones or anything."
"Loki you said you were going to help, now stop being a pain in the ass and help," Steve yells over the commotion.
Dylan stands there in the living room looking relieved that she finally told everyone the truth about her past. We all sitting in silence trying to figure out what to say or do next. I'm about to say something when Laura sprints into the room.
I hand Laura over to Dad, knowing that she needs to be in the arms of family when she hears this again.
"I thought you were standing with me," Pietro asks, "You are my sister."
"No, he didn't. I asked if he wanted me to get you and talk to you about it," I say sitting up turning towards his face, "All he said was that he can't."
“Oh so what am I supposed to do then,” he asks, pulling her into his arms, blocking her doorway, “move in?”
"Pietro, I need you to run this around the city," Tony says handing him a small orb.
“Clint,” she hollers running back out onto the city.
I stand there seeing my
"Ragnarok," he answers as he walks down the ramp.
“Or how about this,” she says standing up, “I go to sleep and then head back to the city and live my life and if Loki is after me I’ll deal with it if and when it happens.”
"Stop," Lily booms out stopping everyone in their tracks.
Steve walks in followed closely by Natasha and Wanda after training.
"I am a God you dim mortal," Loki spits at me, "You cannot harm me."
"I'm here to walk someone down an aisle," I say when I close the door behind me.
Cooper turns and walks out of the house, heading towards the quinjet we brought here. I hop off the counter and follow behind him with Pietro right by my side.
“For what? We should be the ones thanking you,” Steve says.
"No way," she says as eager as Peter, pulling Lily over to one of her many technical devices, "lay down, this will do a full body scan so I see exactly how the Infinity Stone is working with your organs."
"Y-yes, I-I remembered something I did when I was," he pauses as he pushes himself into a seated position, "when I was the other guy."
While we sit there talking about lines that shouldn't be crossed we see a flush-faced Steve walk down the hallway. He notices the smirks everyone is giving him and rushes into the kitchen mutter something about making dinner. Tony soon follows and plops down on the floor by Dad and Pietro's feet.
After hearing those two words
I motion for him to come in the room. He closes the door standing as far from the bed as possible.
"No, I want it my way," Pietro says pushing past me.
"Yeah, I know. Just not yet," I whisper to myself as he walks out and leads me to my old room to start packing.
"Oh, I think you do know and just don't want to tell me," I says again, "So what is going on?"
“Shit,” she yells throwing herself onto the flying ground as a robot whizzes past her head.
"Yes, do you not understand what that means," Loki says, "We are meant to be together, you aren't supposed to be with him, you're supposed to be with me."
"Of course, and may I say congratulations Hawkeye and Quicksilver," he replies before taking off.
1)there will be another book,
"About two months ago, we had a small, intimate ceremony and got married," I say, which earns a punch in the arm from Tony, "I was planning on coming back with Betty and having a larger wedding with everyone in a month or so from now but Dylan talked us into coming back now."
"I-I got you pregnant," he asks as his face shifts into a sad but happy look, "I have a daughter?"
"We'll get Natasha to help train you in fighting and Wanda with power management," I say, "You now have to understand that the ability to make someone convulse in pain is tough to control."
We sit there as the screen flickers on show a news report about an accident just a mile down the road,
Silence. Laura looks at me, almost in tears. I see Pietro shift in discomfort with the lie I just told.
“What’s going on here,” she asks, after both of them are freed.
"Everett," Lily says, pulling him into a hug, "it's great to see you again.”
She pulls out her phone and see the same name that’s been calling her all day, hitting the ignore button she goes back to the person sitting in front of her.
“What the hell are you doing here,” she says pulling him into her apartment checking the hallway to make sure no one else saw him.
"It's really nice to see you and Cooper getting along," Mom says as Nathaniel crawls over to her, "especially after your first time meeting each other."
Before I can finish my thought, I crane my neck up so I'm inches from his face.
"Morning, Sparky," Tony says handing me a full cup of coffee.
“How bad,” she asks, crossing her arms.
"Sorry about the base being really tense these past couple of days," Clint says as we watch Laura open her notepad and start to draw different flowers around us, "Bucky had a flashback and won't talk to anyone."
"Well, I figure that since you now know your Laura's father, I should address you in a more casual manner," I say, this time, pushing the hair out of his eyes.
Lily turns and walks away from the group heading towards the elevator. It's not until she's about halfway there that she hears someone following her. She pauses at the elevator waiting for it to arrive when the man that was following her takes a spot next to her.
“Happy, I love you,” she says, voice breaking because of the tears she can’t hold back, “and I’m sorry. I’m sorry I can’t be with you and I’m sorry I’ve moved on, but Matt makes me happy like you did, like you do.
"It's going to be a long flight," Steve says taking the pilot seat, "Loki and Wanda I need you two to rest as it will be a long day when we get there."
"Pietro," I start turning to face my husband, "Can you go ge-"
"Lily could translate anything you need translated," Ross says, receiving a glare in response from Lily.
"Okay, so Tony's coming to get you, me and Pops then," she says curling up into my side, I look up at Bucky and pat the spot next to me on the grass.
I walk out of the jet with Laura and Bucky. I tense up at the familiar looking house, seconds after I start freaking out I feel Pietro and Bucky wrap their arms around my shoulder and waist.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
After he says that, another man walks up to me cuffing my hands in protective spheres. He injects something into my neck and I loose consciousness.
"Was he alone," a familiar voice asks.
"I took care of it," Lily says, "he's a good friend of mine and I told him that it was because of me that the ship showed up yesterday and that one would be showing up today."
I sit there talking to Cooper and Lila getting to know them as much as I can. It's not until Laura starts fidgeting that I suggest that they go play on the playground.
"Eric, the translation," she says, stepping away from Happy.
"That's a second heartbeat," the doctor says, "You're having twins."
"It wasn't friendly," Happy says.
"You know," Thor asks, "about the prophecy?"
Lila looks over at where it came from and sees two giant green beasts fighting. Turning back to the guard, she grabs his hand and they run in the opposite direction of the two beasts.
I see Clint turn to Tony and smile at the back of his head.
I wake up in a private room, hooked up to three different machines, looking around I notice that my Dad and Bucky are both asleep in hospital chairs on either side of me. I find the button that will call a nurse and press it.
"This," Lily says, motioning to Happy, Tony, Rhodey, Eric, and herself, "is the Avengers. Everyone else is a 'fugitive' because they didn't want to sign the Accords."
"I don't want to be around this right now," I say turning my back to them, "I need some space to figure out everything."
“Everything okay,” she calls back.
“I should go with him,” she says, “he’s freaked out because of the intel he has about Loki being back and planning to come for me.”
"Someone like me," Loki replies as he stands and walks over to Wanda.
"Nervous," Pietro asks lifting his head from his earlier conversation.
Until tonight. A cold winter night Avery and her new partner were walking to her small apartment in Queens after a double date with Steve and Tony. They were consumed by how enjoyable the evening was they didn’t sense the pair of eyes following them from when they turned onto her street until they reached the steps leading up to her building.
"She's always happy isn't she," Bucky says not moving his eyes from his daughter.
"You lost Vision," Rhodey yells, "Tony is going to be pissed."
I walk back to my seat hugging both of them along the way. After I sit down they walk up to the front with the mic.
"What did you say that convinced her," Happy asks.
"Can I ask a question," I ask Steve turning to him, he nods, "Did you know that you were shooting Laura?"
“Gorgeous. Something happened last so I actually have to slip out,” she says, “my second job awaits.”
"Perfect," Lily says, smiling down at the device in Shuri's hand.
"Who's this," Natasha asks from her perch on the sofa.
"I'm guessing that Jarvis told you," I start waiting for him to get comfortable, "and when you came up here you heard me tell Tony about the nightmare and now don't know how to act?"
"I know how this feels," he says looking out the window, "I have to be haunted with the image of me shooting our daughter and now I can't even talk to my team, my family, about our son."
"Shit," Lily yells.
We continue up the stairs in silence. Once at the top of the stairs Pietro urges me to go to my room and rest but I refuse. We walk towards the common area where the most of the team is.
"Okay," Bucky says helping me up from my spot on the floor, "Okay, let me put on some pants and we'll move your stuff into here."
"Lila, if you wish to fight like your mother you must wear this extra piece of armor," Odin says, holding out a chest plate.
"What things do you want her to promise you," Dad and Bucky both say through gritted teeth.
"Clint we need to talk," Wanda yells to the front of the jet.
"That's wonderful, it doesn't hurt," Wanda asks laughing a little.
"Did you sign it," Steve asks, we all shake our heads, "Are you planning on signing it," we shake our heads again, "Are you ready to become fugitives until this law gets abolished?"
I smile at my daughter who's still in my arms as Pietro lets go of me and walks away slowly as Bucky walks up.
"Have you ever tried this before," I ask looking down at my hands, "Have you ever tried to remove traces of science from someones brain before?"
I look around the room seeing everyone intrigued with my story.
As if on cue in walks my Dad and is startled when handed a cup of coffee, "Thanks," he says quietly.
She starts running not paying attention to where she's going, her feet getting cut up by the rocks and branches that lie underfoot. She is thrown to the right by a blast of energy, quickly she's back up on her feet running again. She looks over her shoulder quickly and collides with a cold metal suit, knocking her on her ass.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"She has healing powers, she's only ever injured for an hour at tops. Surgery isn't going to work," Dad says.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I nod and turn walking over to where Buck is sitting, I take a seat next to him and pull his hands into my own.
when I feel a hand wrap around my arm.
"No, no thank you," I say, tensing up where I sit.
I turn around and see him standing there, I walk over to him meeting his tear filled eyes.
"He's seven and his name is Peter Parker," Tony replies looking up at Steve.
“Tony said once they all get back that’s when his funeral is going to be,” Clint says.
"The coronation is today," he says, "he might be busy with that."
"Sorry, my fault," Tony says from his spot by the fridge, "Offered Sparky a beer and it was just wit that brought us all tumbling down," after he said that the three of us burst out laughing all over again.
“It’s weird that it hasn’t happened yet,” Bucky says as he puts away the last dish, “I mean aren’t they supposed to happen right after the person dies?”
"James, I'm not going to let you beat yourself up about this," I move around him so I'm between him and the counter as I say this, "We have to work through this together but you are not going to beat yourself up. I love you and I won't less this weaken you."
"Do you want to her this story before or after some good new," I ask as I crawl onto one side of her.
“Uncle Nick, I’m fine,” she says, “I’m the one who called for the gurney.”
, I think to myself.
"I'm also your dad," Clint says talking a step towards me, as I take a step back, "I want to have a good relationship with you too."
I whip around facing him, hurt in my eyes.
I stand on the front lawn as dad and Natasha walk up to the front door, they open it and walk right in.
I sit in my lab staring at a screen looking for any radio transmission to appear in an abnormal area.
"You have to leave tonight," he says, "that way you will return before Thor's coronation."
"I don't know sweetie," I say picking her up, "But I'm not going to rest until I find him."
“A month, an Asgardian month,” she says, “however long that is in Earth time I have no idea.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to bring up your father again,” he says, resting his hand on her upper arm.
"What was that, Bucky," Steve said looking puzzled.
"You and Dylan are just like Nat and Clint," she explains, "You two will do anything for each other, just like those two up there. Nat is standing with Clint right," Pietro nods in reply, "Then Dylan is standing with you."
We continue out of the base in silence. We walk towards the clearing where the jet is when we hear shouting.
"Jarvis," she asks once in the kitchen, "Where's Pops?"
"Do you believe in soulmates," Loki asks as we're about halfway back to the living quarters.
"Just look at Steve and Tony, they're doing great," he retorts.
Lily sits on the edge of her bed pulling on a pair of boots Tony gave her to go with the suit she's currently wearing. She stands, putting the blades she kept from Asgard into the slots on her thighs.
I stagger backwards at those words, I step into a counter and knock over a radio. I quickly jump down and pick it up flicking the switch to turn it on and place it on the counter again.
"It's fine, Clint will be there so we won't be easy targets," I whisper to him in Russian as I brush Laura's hair into pigtails.
"Tony, what's wrong?" Steve asks , as I sit on the bed.
"I'm not answering," I scream to the closed door, "for a reason, just go away," I rip open the door and see Bucky standing there.
"Stop calling me by my real name," he interjects.
Dad doesn't answer, I tap him on the shoulder and sign what Tony just asked.
I stand in front of my door not moving to open it, I feel the tears rushing down my face. I turn and continue down the hallway to my fathers room, I knock lightly and the door opens almost immediately after I drop my hand. Pietro moves so I can walk into the room.
“I can’t believe that this happened,” she says signing a chart, “SHIELD fell, Hydra was within them all this time.”
I walk over nearly ripping the door of the hinges as I pull it open. Wanda walks in and leans up against the dresser.
"There was one thing you could do," I say, cutting him off, "you could have waited for consent."
I stand in Tony's lab looking over different surveillance footage Jarvis pulled for me of Bucky's crash.
"I know where they are," Steve says sitting next to me, "All of them. I'll get in touch with Wanda and have her meet us where Bucky is."
"Can you try and find him, Jarvis," I ask picking Laura up.
She opens the trunk and pulls out her medical bag and starts walking towards him. She notices him look down at the bag, she reaches her hand out and move to place it on the clearly broken arm. In seconds the gun in his left hand is holstered and the fingers are tightly wrapped around her neck, his cold metal fingers.
"I ended it, a couple of months after the battle in Sokovia. That battle changed a lot of things for our team," he continues, "Steve and Tony finally made their relationship official, Nat and Wanda became really good friends after Pietro got shot, and I," he pauses, seeming to come to some sort of realization, "and I fell in love with a team member."
"Lil, Thor is here with us," Rocket says.
I stand there, seeing my family all in this room, and start to cry. I feel Clint take Nathaniel from my arms and Bucky wrapping me in his arms so my face in buried into his chest.
“We have no idea how he got out of the water,” Sam says.
"Don't go back to him. Don't go back to someone who will hurt you that much," he replies, "Be with someone that won't hurt you."
"Y-you want me to stay," Bucky says still staring.
I turn and walk out of her room turning on her nightlight and shutting off the over head. I walk down to the common area where Laura and Clint are sitting.
Laura walks up to us, showing us her drawing. She flops onto the blanket we have and starts drawing Nathaniel in his car seat.
"What happened between you and your wife," I ask, hoping to change the subject.
"That obvious," I ask.
“What are you talking about,” Phil whispers.
"Good, I have an odd question for you though," I say glancing over at Loki, "Would you be willing to plan another wedding?"
Clint is pacing around his room talking to Pietro trying to figure out how to act around Dylan and Bucky now, knowing all about her past.
"I am not doing anything until she promises me those things," Loki screams back.
Avery is standing at the top of the steps unlocking the door to her building when she senses a pair of eyes on her. Stopping she turns and sees Tony standing in the mouth of an alleyway talking to someone further in. Avery looks past the suit and sees the shadow outline of the man she believes to be dead. Slowly she raises her hand and gives a little wave before slipping into the building, finally saying goodbye to the ghost from her past.
We all break off and start to work with decorating for the wedding, Bucky, Clint, Wanda and myself are tasked with decorating the trees outside by the reception area, as well as setting up most of the tables for the reception too.
“It’s fine,” she says, “I just always had that little bit of hope every day that Tony stalled the funeral that Happy would just walk in and tell Tony that there should be less flowers or something like that.”
"No, Pops, I want that story," Laura says to Bucky who's picking out a story to read to Laura.
