"John, come on. If anyone does talk, I'll dent 'em."
Sherlock huffed, "I didn't choose to be distracted by you."
John lifted his head, making eye contact with Sherlock, "Be safe."
His dad nodded slowly before stepping closer to the bed and getting down on his knees, so he was looking up at John. John knew what was coming. His dad felt that to make up for years of neglect and drunken rages all you had to do was occasionally ask how your kids were doing.
John couldn't walk two feet without stares or whispered questions for the entire day. He had a headache since his first class, and his eyes stung beyond belief. He gave up trying to pay attention in classes and just hoped that he looked awake.
"Right."
"Then how?"
"I will kick you out."
Mostly silence and small gasps were all that filled the room. John felt blurred around the edges again, like the rest of the world was on fire and he had immunity, like everything finally fit together again.
"Why not?"
John allowed himself a small grin, "You sound sleazy when you do that voice."
“Yes, and I’m the one who got you here. I'm glad we have that out of the way.”
Sherlock sighed, "Just have an interest in knowledge, as all should."
"Have you ever seen Rebel Without a Cause?" John asked quietly even though he didn’t really need to.
"Interesting?"
John looked at him for a few moments, really looked at him. He started from the top. Long face, sharp cheekbones that practically casted shadows on his jaw, and lips just as sharp. The bottom of his ears poked out of his hair, which was in shambles on his head. John wondered if he ever looked in the mirror.
John raised an eyebrow, but Sherlock kept talking before John could say anything.
John was already awake, marching around the room, probably for coffee. He sat on the edge of the bed, and Sherlock wondered how close he would try and be today, if last night was just a fluke because Sherlock had gotten emotional, or if he still wanted that. Sherlock wasn't even sure what
"I think that's your fault."
"Your brother?"
He took a breath, “I’m not worth it.” He said finally, “I’m really not.”
John, of course, made sure he didn’t get too close.
I should've hated him how I had described, I should've wanted to tear him into pieces, but my chest felt completely void. I didn't feel angry, I just felt empty. I wanted to feel anything., and I should've gotten high while I had the chance.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, "What if I want an ice lolly?"
"Sherlock?"
"When?" He faced John.
Sherlock swore his chest almost opened and wrapped around John in an attempt to pull him closer. His heart almost traveled from his ribcage to John’s just to get out.
He sighed and John walked closer, a small smile on his face.
John looked into his lap, "If it was that easy, wouldn't everyone know how you work by now?"
John was breathless. That was…
"Do I have to clarify that again?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes, "Not able to keep me. You should know this by now."
"I can tell."
“…Are you alright?”
"Alright, mum."
"I couldn't have done that, Sherlock," he said, and my name sounded like an apology, like snow in spring, like something that shouldn't have fitted so easily in his mouth.
Of course, no matter how much John pretended like nothing had happened, there were still the kids who wouldn't shut up about it. Molly being one of them. John heard all the new rumors from her.
Sherlock sighed and John shifted in his seat.
He sighed, rubbing his hand over his face, "I don't know, Sherlock—"
He occasionally told John bits and pieces of his life, late at night when the stars were the loudest thing in the sky. He told him about things he had sought to forget, and John listened to every word. He would sometimes tell Sherlock stories is return, when his own words got too heavy, and Sherlock would fall asleep listening to the hills and valleys in John’s voice.
There was a long stretch of silence, and Sherlock could feel it bubbling in his throat, “I don’t want to become another thing that haunts you.”
The man was getting defensive now, Sherlock was getting too close. He could almost laugh.
"Oh. No. Well, maybe. Depends what you're comparing."
"So, no." John looked up at him, and sighed.
He opened his mouth and then closed it. Then-
"You came back. Tell me what happened."
"You're probably just saying that because James Dean is in it."
"Rather, your present, and I didn't force it out of you. I already knew."
John's smile lasted a fraction of a second, "I don't think it's even important to bring this up after this long, but, a couple of days before you asked me, Molly wanted me to get to know you."
"Stop it." Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose, "If you're not going to take this seriously what's the point of keeping you here?"
It wasn't shocking, getting high in front of each other. Sherlock lost track of how long they knew each other, but pretty much nothing was shocking at this point. Mycroft said she was an enabler. Sherlock said she was the only one who didn't care that he was broken.
"But…?"
this chapter is exactly 1000 words and it's the most satisfying thing.
"Mm, yes." He moved just a microscopic amount closer, hitting just the right angle for the setting sun to hit the top of his curls and dance in his eyes.
When they got to John’s house it hit him so hard that this was real. They were leaving. Finally.
"How 'bout you tell me what you see."
John looked around. There was nothing wrong with his room. He kept it neat and tidy, made his bed every morning, cleaned off his desk every night. He had a few movie posters up, and a few comic books strewn about, but besides that everything was normal…plain almost.
New, new, new, new, new-
Sherlock's voice was quiet next time he spoke, "I think he just took me in because he had to, ya know? He just keeps me around because he can't do anything else with me."
“Would you like for me to move closer, John?” He whispered. John stayed still. Would it mean anything? Would he have to do anything? Would this mean he was gay? He had always questioned it. Maybe he was gay. Sherlock did seem rather fit at the moment. Sherlock always seemed fit to John.
John laughed, "Take your own advice."
"Original thought you have there."
John didn’t know if he should have jumped to that. He could still love her. She had lied and shot his best friend, but she did care. And she didn’t shoot to kill.
Sherlock looked down at him, like a shadow looming over John. A shadow he wouldn't mind getting closer. He still felt a bit insecure about all of this. He knew it meant more than what it had at first, but how much exactly did it mean? John wished it was as simple as adding and subtracting. He wished he could measure the difference between the relationship before and after this date.
The side of Sherlock's mouth lifted, "I wish you would say that more often."
He did it without thinking. He did because he could, yes, but also because he wanted Sherlock to know that John wanted him. He wanted everything Sherlock could give him for as long as he wanted to give it to him.
John sighed "Fine. What do you want to know?"
Sherlock wrapped an arm around John, "Yet, you're still here."
"Too soft?" He asked and a flash of old banter invaded his tongue.
"You're mad."
He snorted, "Barely."
Maybe that was a better option than going with Sherlock. He should be at home, safe under the soft covers of his bed, not here with a burning flame. Someone would definitely see them. Without a doubt.
"Tell me about your past."
"Do you want any?"
Mary had called him to dinner, and he could already feel a tension throughout the meal. Sherlock waited until Mary had gotten up to leave before saying anything.
you John.”
”I don’t know what we are.”
John sat up and pulled Sherlock next to him, "What the hell are you doing here?"
He was right of course. Sherlock wouldn't tell anyone- couldn't really. They would both get in trouble, possibly locked up, and it wasn't like John actually
John wondered what Sherlock's brother was like. Was he mean to Sherlock, or did Sherlock just find him irritating as he did most people? Did he find John irritating? He probably did now after all those questions. Maybe he just wasn't used to people asking him about home life.
,” said Sherlock.
But oh, how he needed him. He pressed forward, and they were kissing again. And John had only a throbbing need to get closer, closer. With arms wound round Sherlock’s neck, he sought to dispel even the tiniest bit of space by hooking a leg around his knee. Still, it wasn’t enough. Sherlock was crushing his ribcage with the strength of his embrace. Still it wasn’t enough. Suddenly, as though they made a joint decision without saying a word, John hopped and Sherlock caught him. With both legs hugging Sherlock around the waist, he was now in a position to tug Sherlock’s hair back, force his chin up, and give him the snogging of his life, like he was trying to crawl inside of him to find the place where he belonged, and stay there. His tongue dipped deep and pulled from Sherlock a moan so deep John’s whole body quivered with it.
Was turning back time not an option here?
“This doesn’t turn you off?”
with him? He was a medical doctor, for crying out loud, and he didn’t have the faintest idea.
“And those
“No.”
in that world?”
“I, um . . . I’ve been thinking, lately. This past little while hasn’t been, erm, easy for me, for various reasons. I won’t go into it all. But I’ve been thinking . . .”
“Splendid,” John said dryly.
“Whoa, seriously?” For a moment, Lestrade looked utterly taken aback. Then he smirked, blushing a little himself now. “I mean … John.” And he winked.
John couldn’t help himself. Compelled to resist, he resisted. It was just squirming at first, but when Sherlock’s teeth sank into the bond mark, he gasped and started kicking, bucking, twisting his body. Sherlock pressed in further. Locking the wrists together in one hand, he used his other to cover John’s mouth and keep him from crying out, and utterly laid his body against John’s to still him.
Sherlock frowned and bobbed his head in an approving way. “Clipped him in the shoulder. Not bad. But a few inches off target. You can do better.”
“What promise?”
“You already are.”
“Well. Within reason. I mean, elephants, they’re smart animals, like I said. They know when you don’t respect them. Didn’t like Teddy, no sir, because they knew he was an arse. I kept submitting his name for reassignment, transfer him somewhere else and we would all be happier, the elephants included, but nothing ever happened.”
Sherlock scanned the article quickly. The details were scant but clear: Knight, who, for twenty years, had suffered from paranoia and delusions after witnessing his father get mauled to death when Henry was still a child, had finally cracked, put a gun in his mouth, and killed himself.
“So are John and I.”
“Shut up, I’m trying to get through this!” John laughed. He was finding it hard to keep going, he was smiling so hard.
He clenched his jaw but said calmly, “I know what I am.”
“Full round of hormone therapy is based on my cycle.”
“I won’t. But you will talk to me.”
“Bit warm, eh?” he said to the cabbie. “You have the heat on?”
Slowly, keeping a weather eye on John’s back and preparing to bolt from the room at any moment, Sherlock began to undress. Socks first. The least intimate of articles. Then he unbuttoned his cuffs and shirt down the front, removing it carefully, then his trousers, until he wore only an undershirt and pants. But he grabbed some pajama bottoms and slid into them quickly. At last, he folded back the sheets, waited another breath, but when he received no objections, he slid under the covers and held perfectly still, staring at the ceiling, wondering what would happen next.
He was holding John Watson in his arms! His John Watson.
“I want to talk to Sherlock.” His brain was at last fully awake, and his body charged, ready to act.
alone executed one, he took first to research, prompted by the question: How might one determined attraction? And at the conclusion of his research, he had come up with five categories that, if scored favorably (
Sherlock lifted his head, and without releasing his bond-mate said, “John, your hand. It’s bleeding.”
Sherlock snorted. “I think we can reasonably conclude that we are not figments of John’s imagination, or mere characters trapped in an elaborate dream.”
“In ways I couldn’t,” John finished in a rush. “It’s fine. You don’t need to explain.”
“Or a doctor.”
. Better sleep, better health, better productivity during the day, all of that. You and Sherlock, when’s the last time you bought a new mattress?”
Detective Inspector Lestrade met them outside the door to where they were holding Molly, and John felt a pang of nostalgia and longing: the three of them, on a case, it just felt so normal, so
“Anyway, it was incredible, Sherlock. Most of us were too stunned to process it properly, not in the moment, but it’s been playing on the news around the clock ever since it ended. The way John walked out there on his own, the way you two took down that first Alpha in two seconds flat, everything right up until Roger’s demise. People are analyzing every second of it, every angle, every word the mics could pick up. I mean—” He floundered in search of words to express his awe. “Holy hell, how did you do that?”
“Sherlock!” John cried with relief.
When Sherlock reached the end of the letter, he was so beside himself that he started laughing.
“I’m watching my stories!” protested the imposter. “And I’m hard-of-hearing in my old age, so I need the volume set high. And who are you, ordering me and my husband around, in our own house!”
“Sherlock.”
“Brain aneurysm,” said Sherlock, taking the phone back. His voice was neutral, a little stiff. “But you knew that already, didn’t you.”
“It’s ignorance, is what it is. These people, they don’t understand their own hormonal functions, let alone those of Omegas. I’ve even had people tell me that estrus poisoning is a myth and that knotting shouldn’t be taught in schools. Somehow, these ideas are catching, and it will prove dangerous for Omegas like Charlotte.”
“You know,” said John, “I don’t even remember buying this one.”
Sherlock seemed satisfied and didn’t respond, but John, after a couple of minutes, couldn’t help but send off one more:
“So who makes the first move?”
He had always taken good care of himself,
It had been the longest seven days of his life.
have known for two full years, squabbled with, laughed with, learned from, and . . . been in love with.
She shrugged. “Okay.”
“—it was special. It must have been, for you to want to . . . That is, it must be really hard to give that up just so I could come back. So I’m . . . really sorry about that.”
“You’ve not been sleeping,” Sherlock deduced. “Why? Late night research, is it?”
, Hamish Bond . . .”
Shooting him a sharp look, Sherlock said, “Hunt the pack, of course. What would you think?”
“John,” said John.
that you know my . . .” He dropped his voice and only mouthed the next word. “. . . body . . . as thoroughly as you know your own.” He took another big bite and chewed furiously.
John 1:
At twenty minutes past the hour, John knew.
John laughed at himself and rubbed the back of his neck. “I just wonder, sometimes. How things are for him. For both of them.”
There, Sherlock threw back his head and laughed. John was still diligently carrying the pitchfork.
John 2: [Reflective.]
, Sherlock.”
“Ha ha,” said Lestrade drily. John returned to channel surfing. Maybe he could find that cooking program he enjoyed. He only half paid attention to the conversation going on behind him. After all, Lestrade’s visits, frequent as they were, never had anything to do with
John could scarcely contain himself. He bounced on the balls of his feet, hands flapping on either side. Behind him, Sherlock, half-dressed and eyes still adjusting to the light, skidded into the room. But the instant he came into the frame of the mirror, John suddenly found himself staring once again at … himself.
“Interacting?” John said, latching onto the word. That was promising. Wasn’t it? Surely, it was.
John stood in the shower, hot water running over his head, down his back, and into his eyes, as he rested his forehead against the tiles. The nausea had passed, more or less, but unless he concentrated on breathing deeply, his stomach tightened, then twisted, then writhed, and it came back.
A few hours later, Sherlock returned, but John's initial pleasure at seeing him dampened when he realized he couldn’t smell him. Sherlock had been given the scent inhibitor, and he wore the surgical face mask. It startled John, how much he associated the scent with Sherlock now. It felt a little disturbing, like talking to a person with no eyes. But he was more disturbed by how much he missed it.
“It was an experiment. For both of us, really. And he liked it. I liked it. It was good. Really good. He’s really good.”
“A gift.”
What. The hell. Just happened?
day, top to bottom, and to cap it all off, I got cornered on a city bus by three blokes who thought they could get the better of me. When I tried to shake them, they followed me, jumped me, and dragged me into an alley, but that’s
And together they finished: “—the truth.”
“I want to fight alongside you.”
John regarded him with exaggerated gravity. “This was a mistake, wasn’t it?”
Would it be so simple, just to . . . call her up?
—John wrote with urgency, the last message he would ever be able to deliver to himself—
With that, he tugged the blankets firmly around his shoulders and curled tightly into the fetal position. He squeezed his eyes shut and hoped to God that was the end of it.
“I’m afraid he’s no longer an option. What with the dog fight coming up.” She lazily turned the page in a large scientific tome, adjusting glasses on the end of her nose and utterly disinterested in whatever he had to say.
John was an early riser, always had been, and he was usually the first to set the coffee pot or make toast. For himself. Coffee and toast, John’s predictable and solitary breakfast, and if he was feeling especially handy in the kitchen, an egg. Lately, though, ever since the, erm,
“Goodbye.”
“Nor am I,” said Chris, smiling. “Real people, real stories.”
“It was true, though,” said John, a little shyly. “What he said in there.”
The tasks before him seemed impossible.
“John, <<
Oh. That’s the excuse he had used? Toilet paper? He must not have been trying too hard. But Sherlock was right. He’d been gone an extraordinarily long time for a TP run. He texted back:
John jumped. He looked over his shoulder and saw Sherlock poking his head past the curtain into the steamy shower.
“It’s not
“Show me?” he asked.
The strange spell that had seized John's mind and body had passed, and it felt like it had all been some strange hallucination, slipping away fast like a dream. John put it out of his mind. There was still a case to solve.
“Um.” John's frustration with these questions was only mounting, and he was having a difficult time hiding it. “That is, I make my own, of course.”
“Yes.”
John rolled his eyes. “We’re not jumping from the top of Tower Bridge. It’s the Waterloo. It’s not that high.”
In his ear, Sherlock panted as he pushed ahead at what by now must have been break-neck speed.
So he did what any good detective would do, and started looking for clues.
“You’re kidding.
you saw something, but …” Sherlock turned and looked again, the last light of hope fading from his eyes. “Sometimes we see only what we want to see.”
“Listen to me, John.” Dr. Stapleton took his jaw and twisted his head to look at her. Her grip was so firm, John was sure it would leave bruises. For a woman of no great stature, she had fingers like a dog’s jaws, and he reminded himself that he was flanked by two Alphas. “He believes your death will somehow make room for the John he knows to return. No, it doesn’t make sense, but an Alpha maddened by the loss of his Omega is unstable, unpredictable,
“The Cheshire cat? Mad Hatter? Jabberwocky? Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum?”
“I asked for the footage. Beyond that, you can just sod off.
“You were saying my name. Or, more probably, his.”
At that moment, a finger pressed up inside him, and John’s fury was unleashed. He twisted and bit hard the nose of the man suckling at his neck until his mouth filled with blood and, with a scream, the Alpha let go and stumbled back, losing his footing and landing hard on his backside. But John didn’t wait to see him fall. He seized one of the Alpha's arms and, with every bit of strength in his Omega body, slammed it into the corner of the steel skip. He knew that a direct blow to the center of the ulna was sure to break it, and sure enough, he felt it give and heard it pop. As the Alpha slumped to the ground, hollering in pain, he kicked in a knee and slammed the man’s jaw shut with a cracking snap. Probably a few broken teeth there. Just as well.
“Yes.”
Meanwhile, Sherlock threw himself into a swivel chair on wheels and rolled to the computer in the corner, bringing it to life.
“I need matches. Do you have matches? A lighter. Something to ignite this shit and send it to a fiery hell?”
“You do not find him attractive?”
John shook his head, not because he disbelieved her theory but because it didn’t account for his own situation. He had not crossed universes with his own body still intact. “Could it be,” he asked, trying to figure out how to phrase his question even as it was leaving his mouth, “that bodies aren’t displaced at all? Just, I don’t know, the conscious self? Mind swaps?”
And with that, Sherlock returned to the kitchen.
Inspector Dimmock pulled out a sheet of paper in a plastic sleeve and slid it across the table.
“No no no, that”—he shook both hands at the mirror—“was real!”
“It was him, wasn’t it?”
“Jesus Christ,” John said, burying his face in his hands.
“A couple of things,” said Sherlock, “that I want to show you. If I may?”
,” Sherlock groaned, rubbing his face.
“Oh,” said Sherlock. Then he grinned. “Yes. That was him.”
Sherlock bucked. His fingers squeezed John’s shirt so fiercely John thought he heard a rip at the sleeve. Too much, it was too much too fast, for both of them, and he needed to slow things down.
“Oh, come
While the world reeled with wonder, the Omega and his Alpha disappeared again. They decided not to return to Baker Street. It was only three hours before the rendezvous on the Waterloo Bridge, and sitting around the flat—where doubtless they would find reporters and coppers—would make leaving again nearly impossible. For John, that meant that the next time he saw his home, it would be the one in his own universe.
“I don’t suppose you’ve seen any of the footage, have you, John? It’s different when you’re on the outside of things. Here’s the remote, you can watch it yourself over breakfast. Visiting hours don’t start for another two hours. Then we’ll give your Alpha a call, if he’s not already pounding down the door by then.”
On the other end of the phone, he could hear Sherlock huffing rapid breaths, and the whirr of feet flying over pavement. Even while running, Sherlock managed to say, “Can you reach the Rescue pole?”
“We met on a train,” he said quietly. “Ipswich to London. Seven years ago.”
“Oh yes.”
“How bad?”
Sherlock moved swiftly down John’s body, licking his nipples, kissing his belly, and suddenly stripped John’s trousers and underwear to his knees, then off entirely. John shivered with delight, expecting Sherlock to rejoin him at the head of the sofa where they would kiss passionately, John’s legs wrapped around Sherlock, and they would thrust together. Instead, Sherlock stayed at the foot, kissed the inside of John’s right knee, then up the inner thigh. John stopped breathing entirely as Sherlock spread his legs wide and parted his lips obscenely, and then—
“Uh!” John gasped, and he flinched against Sherlock, withdrawing a little, though his hand tightened around Sherlock’s bicep.
“What was that last bit?”
“We’re not scared of your Alpha. He’ll never find us,” one said. He heard zippers behind him; his heart thudded soundly in his ears, and his blood filled every limb.
“We need to talk,” he said. He prided himself on the even tone, the casual word choice. Not too serious, but void of panic. Self-assured. No nonsense. Perfect.
“Slapped me. Stuck me. Drugged me. All the things.”
“Yes. That.”
Sorrowfully, John nodded.
Sherlock sighed, long and … disappointed. He rubbed his sleepy face. “I think it got inside your head.”
“You're Omega.”
“Yes, yes, of course,” he said, impatiently. “But this can’t wait.”
“Oh.” John winced. “I’m afraid not.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “And can we go for ice cream afterwards? Give us a push on the swings?”
“Seriously. For an offender who sees his chances of winning as dismal, this is the best option.”
“I need you to be my sister. And friend.” He grinned. “And confidante. For those days Sherlock drives me crazy.”
John was covering his mouth with both hands, which trembled with the ferocity of his grip, and he was struggling to stand straight. He looked like he was in pain.
“That when we find those Alphas, we’d fight them for her.”
He took a cab to run his errands, selecting groceries to be delivered to the flat over the next few days, all the while monitoring his pulse and temperature. It was overcast by the time he stepped back onto the street to head for home. Still pleasant, if only a little cooler with the breeze. He stuck out his hand for a passing taxi, but it trundled right by as if it didn’t even see him. He shrugged. He was still feeling well enough, and his pulse was still steady. He would walk, ten minutes, twenty minutes, and if things changed, he’d be sure to be more assertive in flagging down a cabbie. For now, there was no rush. He checked his phone: 4:12. He whistled as he walked.
“So do you think more Omegas should join their Alphas’ packs in the dog pen?”
conclusion that universe-jumping was the one and only viable explanation for all of the changes in John’s behavior . . . why, then he would most certainly believe it! It’s what he should have taken advantage of, not feared, from the very start: Sherlock’s brain.
“Cards. Gin rummy. Do you know it?”
“Yeah. Should be here any minute. Guess I beat him here. I … do that, sometimes. Beat him. Places.” God, what was he even saying? “I mean, I win. Ha ha.” Again, he cleared his throat so loudly he coughed. “Erm. Shall we?”
On the other side of the door, two stomping feet made their way closer. He swallowed and readied himself.
When he straightened, John realized he hadn’t taken a breath since Sherlock first rose to his feet. His chest ached, and he reminded himself to exhale.
His eyes were feeling heavy, his body warm and restful. It no longer felt strange, lying there in Sherlock’s arms.
inventions he was familiar with back in his own world?” He swiveled in his chair to the desk where his computer was set and jiggled the mouse to reawaken it. Typing swiftly, he brought up a variety of websites. “Ever heard the name Lerina García?”
Sherlock cast an uninterested glance at the clock, furrowing his brow. "Oh. You're late. I expected you up before this. You were my alarm clock."
"That's why I parked on the other side of the property. Didn't want to ruin your progress. I'll check on them later after you fall asleep."
John nodded. "I know about the TARDIS, if that's what you're asking."
Sam punched Dean in the shoulder as they shot up and grabbed their guns from the back wall. "I told you they'd notice it was missing."
"Non-negotiable," the Doctor said. "Maybe in a year or so."
She gave him a look as she sat next to him on the bed, taking his hand. "About what happened today, Sherlock. Don't pretend you weren't afraid. It was a scary day. Everyone was afraid."
"My boys have been all over the universe," Rose said proudly, gripping Sherlock's arm for a moment. "At least the safe parts."
Redbeard didn't seem to care about the logic of it. The dog recognized his home and walked to the slightly open front door, trotting to lie down in the cool air.
They headed out to Scotland Yard, the detective and his Doctor. They stopped by Angelo's on the way.
A/N: This one technically breaks my own rules, because Sherlock isn't necessarily a child. He is however pre-John Watson, and the flashback scene, I believe, qualifies it. Sherlock is around 25. I've been trying to write little ACITT fics but this little plot bunny wouldn't leave me alone. Let me know if you have any ideas for shorts in this fic! Thanks to everyone for the reviews and support. Enjoy!
John squeezed his hand.
Sherlock's lips met John's and the world buzzed around them. A bull could charge through the window and John wouldn't know the difference. Sherlock kissed him like it was the last time he could, like John was his last breath. John had never felt so utterly, and completely taken in his entire life.
"It's been four days. I assumed you didn't want anything to do with me."
"I do."
He went off in his usual speech, calling Sherlock names under the guise of caring about him. Sherlock tried to not roll his eyes. He knew Mycroft expected more from him, expected him to be better, do better, but better was boring. Staying clean was boring, staying alive was boring. He would rather just- disappear.
John dipped his head down and flicked his eyes up, catching Sherlock's attention, "You're an ass. And a hassle. You tend to piss everyone off, without even realizing it."
It wasn't real, but it was the closest Sherlock had been in years.
"'M never careless." Sherlock mumbled.
"I'm not interested in...girls, John." he lifted his head.
She stuck her arm out and Sherlock grabbed the syringe.
John’s head dipped down. He studied the slick stone beneath them, then sucked in a breath.
She smiled.
He knew it wasn't real. John wasn't there. John thought he was dead.
The moment Sherlock’s lips connected with his kept replaying in his head. Eyes so blue it almost didn’t seem possible and how time slowed and sped up all at once as Sherlock came closer and closer and….
"Because you practically forced my past out of me, so it's your turn."
"Both really. I wanted to get out because it's shit, and I wanted to come here anyway."
John crossed his arms and didn't budge. If Sherlock was trying to make him feel guilty, it wouldn't work.
Sherlock looked at John for a long while. John could hear faint dialogue in the background, but he didn't care what it was. He'd meant what he said. Sherlock didn't deserve whatever he had now, and if that meant John being the one to give him better, then so be it.
John did his meanest look, "How would you? You're not always right, you know."
"That's not what I meant. You're not…People."
John shook his head, leaning in to press a kiss to Sherlock's forehead, "You're not the only one who can make deductions. Are you gonna get out of bed?"
He turned towards John, his face falling just a touch when he saw John's, "What? See what?"
John nodded, not too sure if he even knew how to speak anymore.
John scooted a bit closer to him, so he could see what Sherlock was pointing at better. Their hips were just a hair from touching.
"Well…" She cocked her head, "What was he like?"
"John. I'm…"
"I-" John let his mouth hang open. Sherlock was making him feel more and more idiotic with every word.
Sherlock looked down, unlocking the dead bolt and quickly returning back to the bed. John followed behind him, running a hand through his hair and looking around the room.
John shook his head, “I’m not even- I don’t even know. I dunno.”
"You do. You let me make you coffee and talk about being friends with me."
He wasn't going anywhere. John just wanted to feel good about himself. He would leave soon enough.
He huffed, "Everyone else would say I'm being smart."
Sherlock pulled at John's collar, looking him dead in the eyes (oh, those eyes) and leaned in. John was already closing his eyes, and angling his chin for a kiss that never came. Sherlock stopped just short, and John could feel the shape of his mouth as he spoke.
"Thanks." He already had another cigarette in hand.
"Why am I not surprised?"
John wasn’t too sure how Sherlock got into his house. He had blurred memories of trying to push him away, of telling him that he couldn’t come in, but all he knew was Sherlock was lying on his bed, flicking ash everywhere, threatening to set his room, and his life, on fire.
"Is it weird waking up next to someone, then?"
He sat by his phone (Pale blue, rotary, stuck there since it first landed on his bedside table.) thinking of everything he wanted to say and how hard it would be to actually say it.
He shook his head and jerked his chin out of Sherlock's grasp, "Everything."
"If I came back without a word, how would you react?"
"That's a stupid question, what do you really want to ask?"
John didn't dress up for the date. He wore a sweater, pants and shoes. Nothing out of the ordinary, besides combing his hair to the side.
“I have a few . . . ideas,” John smirked. “I can show you . . .”
, behaving erratically. Further evidence: he made not one but two blatant attempts to poison himself.”
And no one,
John 2:
He’d never felt more confident about anything in his life. “Yes.”
Mycroft cocked an eyebrow, his expression alone suggesting that he thought Sherlock was being obtuse; Sherlock had seen it before. Many times. This time, though, Mycroft didn’t hold back saying what he thought: “You’re being an idiot. Do I need to spell it out for you?”
“Like what Chris Melas said about dream theory? A mind traveling to other dimensions while asleep?”
His brow furrowed. It was an unexpected question for Sherlock to be asking him. How
John 2: [Puzzled.]
Seven days in Wacko World, negotiating its screwy stratified society, living under its lunatic laws, and existing inside this fucked-up body that was basically trying to kill him. And yet all John could think about was Sherlock. Not the one sitting next to him in the back of the cab—being oddly silent, for once, and not in his familiar I’m-in-my-mind-palace way, but rather like he was uncomfortable and didn’t know what to say or to do—but the Sherlock back home. Home home. The world he knew, the people he understood, and the flatmate who was probably going mad with worry. John had been missing for an entire week, and he was fairly confident that there was no evidence on Earth (the sane Earth, where the countries had the right borders, only two sexes could make a baby, and the TV programs made
“Scar,” said John.
, thought John.
Was he trying to calm John’s racing heart, or ease his troubled mind with scent? Frankly, John didn’t care. It didn’t matter. He felt tired and angry and defeated, like the universe was laughing at him, spitting on him, giving him the finger. He just didn’t want to feel
They didn’t talk much. They had said what they needed to say. Sharing one another’s company was enough. Even though the pavement was virtually empty, they walked nearly hip to hip, hands brushing, until finally Sherlock just intertwined their fingers. It was comforting, giving John the added strength he needed for what he was about to do.
“You mean . . .”
“Yeah. He thought
“John,” she said again, this time setting two hands on the table across from him and leaning over. “<<
Encouraged, Sherlock returned, tongue flattening long and hot, then spiking thin and with purpose. John panted and writhed, his hands fisting in the sheets, wanting more, and Sherlock didn’t hold back. He gave and gave, wanting John to know how much he was loved, not just his heart, which had won Sherlock over the night they had met, or just his mind, which he had discovered held its own delights, but yes, his body, too, this part of his body. It was beautiful. Its markings were a story of the man, all he had endured and survived and overcome. Badges of honour. Testaments of triumph. He worshiped them, and desired nothing more than that John know it, beyond any doubt.
“It’s not your business.”
“I don’t
“Tonight,” he said, watching London’s lights come on all over the city, “I think we need to go back to basics with the mirror.”
“Jesus,” he whispered, squeezing his eyes shut.
“What?”
“Ooh, hum,” said John, taking a labored breath. “Uh, gee, that’s . . . boy, that’s a lot of blood, eh?”
John was standing with a Coke Sherlock had ordered him at the bar, just part of the attempt to blend in. There were a couple of other Omegas in the pub, keeping close to their Alphas, so an Omega scent wasn’t unexpected. Still, he was trying to pass for Beta. That explained the fake moustache—facial hair being socially unbecoming an Omega—and glass of Coca-Cola the unobservant (which Sherlock presumed they all were) were meant to mistake for beer. They wanted information without being spotted, and constantly being on the move, awaiting the scheduled dog fight the next day, Sherlock decided it was easiest to get lost in a crowd. And a crowd next to a TV meant a pub.
he coached himself.
But then he thought of Sherlock, his Sherlock, and he knew what he really wanted was to go home.
“Your experiment. I said it was stupid. It was decidedly brilliant.”
John asked the cabbie to drop him off a short ten minutes from the bridge. He needed time to clear his lungs and collect his thoughts.
John gaped disbelieving for a minute.
“A damn fucking shame.”
feels about you?”
“I would have hired an Alpha service.”
“All of it, really.”
”) if ever his phrasing came across as insensitive or downright rude. And when he did, Sherlock shot him a look of surprise, those shockingly blue eyes all the more piercing above the line of the mask than they’d ever seemed before (likely, he was unaccustomed to be censured, especially by his own Omega!), but he did back off and try again.
He stopped walking, stood staring at his phone and the message he had sent—it was even more curt than the one Sherlock had sent him earlier. The Omega in him chided him for treating his Alpha so ungraciously. The man inside him was smirking.
When she sprang forward, John fired off a warning shot, intended to terrify her in her tracks, but it wasn’t enough. And Sherlock, seeing her sprinting toward him, crouched, snarled, and launched himself at her. They met in the middle, colliding with a force that sounded like a thunderclap in John’s ears, almost as loud as the explosion from the gun, and they knocked over a stand of flasks and beakers on their inexorable crash to the ground.
“Sherlock told me you were visiting Harry for a while,” she said when they stepped apart.
A hush rippled through the crowd. John could feel the eyes of thousands like mini spotlights heating his skin. He knew his movements were being tracked by cameras and that his face was being broadcasted around London, Britain, the world maybe. The quiet deepened. Not so much as a whisper. No one understood what was happening. It was him, the Omega, the despoiled, dishonored, disappeared John Watson for whom they were all gathered to see avenged. Where had he been! Where was his Alpha? And what in the world was
it, you know?”
He tried to sleep but couldn’t. The nurse offered him a hospital meal—a dry turkey sandwich, raw carrots, and a juice box—but he couldn’t stomach it. They gave him a TV remote, but he didn’t bother with it. All he wanted was to go home.
“Sherlock, when it happened . . . The swap, I mean. When I was pulled into another universe and I realized I wasn’t Omega anymore . . .”
Opening the laptop and facing the login screen, he typed his username and password.
“I mean this house. Listen. Dr. Stapleton’s research—”
The taxi was pulling away almost before John even had two feet on the pavement.
, gone.”
of their names), they were parted, each escorted through his own door.
On the other side of the glass, John was anxiously raking fingers through his hair, stepping further and further away from the mirror.
John felt his throat thickening. “You mean it?”
“Are you even listening!” Sherlock dropped his cutlery to throw up his hands. “In our line of work, the probability of one or the other of us dying a violent and body-mangling death is significantly higher than in other professions. I do not hope for it, but I must be prepared to identify your corpse in the unhappy event that you are killed and your face mutilated beyond recognition. Therefore, as you most rightly point out, I need to be able to identify you via other corporeal markers. I can do this only if I thoroughly examine your body.”
“Jesus.”
“You love me then.”
“Afghan— Yeah, the Alphas. Sure. Sherlock. Let me up.”
“Doesn’t even bring you on cases.”
“Jesus, John, I never took you for a mope. Grow a pair.”
John shifted nervously. His fingers tapped his coffee mug in agitation. The proposal was . . . frightening, to say the least.
For untold seconds (minutes?), Sherlock stood frozen and staring at the pamphlets in his hand. But though his body was still, his mind was flashing like a strobe light, illuminating everything John had said and done over the past few days that had seemed so out of character, from finding him, erhrm, naked in Sherlock’s bed to his awkwardness and general discomfort, to his shyness and eagerness to please, to his obsequiousness and overpraising during the case. Could it be that all that, that
“Your Sherlock.”
“Yes,
Then suddenly, he was leaking once again from his backside, wet and warm. “God please no,” he moaned, believing, as before, that he’d just shit himself. He rolled, anguished, off the couch, onto his feet, and hobbled back to the loo where, as before, he discovered not a bowel movement but the same clear, viscous, oddly smelling discharge in his pants and on his fingers. He sobbed, more out of horror and confusion than anything. What was
, wasn’t he? He felt his cheeks burning red, and he made subtle efforts to hide the book around his back.
“Yes, we’re both very healthy. Like I said.” He was beginning to feel attacked, and tetchy because of it. He needed to rein it in.
(the adventures of Wing Commander Max Hancock, a dashing young Alpha-Y rogue RAF pilot, fighting West Russians and East Americans as he tries to restore peace to his native Britain and return to the love of his life, Omega-X Trixie Sandberg!), the bell sounded, and seconds later, Detective Inspector Lestrade came into the room.
“I’m a scientist,” she said, as if it were a fitting counterargument. She came around the table and drew nearer until she had him backed up against the wall. “And you”—her hand came up and gently touched the side of his face—“are my greatest discovery.”
John was smiling openly now. “What?”
at their landing, and both Sherlock and Mr. Jacobs winced. The impostor, her hip snapped like a china plate, began to howl.
“Mm-hm?” Sherlock prompted carefully.
Betas, and he supposed that that made sense in an Omega hospital. The nurses too, for that matter. He didn’t fully understand the dynamics between Omegas and
He closed his eyes. “Molly Hooper,” he said, “has a cat.”
Mind Palace John stepped backwards through the door, disappearing.
So it was softly that John pushed the shoulders of Sherlock’s dressing gown down his arms and dropped it on the floor, and slowly that Sherlock, one handed, pulled his shirt over his head. There, John saw the bruising from the dog fight: large circles of purple and brown, some still swollen, others fading. Frowning, John lightly brushed them with the backs of his fingers, but Sherlock stopped him, taking hold of his hand and bringing it to his lips to kiss, and John understood the gesture. The fight was for him, all for him, and he would do it again and never complain. Sherlock pulled the fingers into his mouth, sucking sweetly. Then he helped John out of his own shirt. With hips kissing, leisurely grinding, they explored one another’s collarbones and nipples and navels. Sherlock kissed the bond mark with an air of reverence, and as he did, John let out a long sigh, his hands stilling in Sherlock’s curls.
And what was this? John looking up at him with big, blue eyes and slanted eyebrows?
“Let’s start with this,” said Sherlock. “In your writing, you consistently refer to a ‘many worlds interpretation’ of quantum mechanics as purely theoretical. Do you personally believe other worlds exist?”
They stared long and hard at one another. Finally, Sherlock said softly, “I won’t touch you, if that’s what you’re worried about. I promise.”
“It will disengage you from your immediate surroundings. Keep your eyes closed.” They made two more rotations, and stopped. “Describe what you see.”
Although he wanted to quit, he couldn’t do so in the middle of the season. That is, he couldn’t do that to his teammates, his coach. They wouldn’t be impressed by sudden desertion, and who could blame them? No one would understand why. So on a Saturday, John got up, showered, dressed for the match, and went looking for his shoes. They weren’t in the box.
“That’s what we call it,” said Chris. “The universe you know is your
He heard John sigh, as though in concession. Good. So he understood the seriousness of this act. Even now, his chemistry was fighting off imbalance, contending with one Alpha’s bond mark and another’s scent. Sherlock needed to override the intrusive scent, re-establish dominance, set things right. He opened his mouth, and his tongue was poised to lathe when John said, “What the hell does that even mean?”
“Oh for Pete’s sake,” said Dr. Stapleton. “Let’s just get him in the car.”
“It wasn’t?”
Doctor. He wasn’t sure he would ever get used that in connection with his own name. He liked it, but he felt like such a fraud responding to it. He lived in fear of a medical question.
But as much as he was wary of being asked about his past, and having live hands touching the same areas that had once known such pain, as much as he was afraid of someone discovering that his flaws were more than skin-deep, he yearned for the feel of someone’s hands. Hands that weren’t cruel or repulsed but eagerly accepting of him, every part. He wanted to be touched, for the physical comfort as well as the sensual delight. He just hadn’t expected to experience both under the hands of his best mate.
Sherlock slowly turned toward him. Their eyes locked, but Sherlock’s were frightfully unreadable. “And what was the very first thing I said to you?”
Slightly wary, but mostly confused, he retreated to the bedroom, lifted Sherlock’s pillow to his face, and breathed in deeply. Yes, that was Sherlock all right, but . . . no reaction. His body, normally so alert and responsive, seemed almost entirely indifferent to the scent of his Alpha. And that was the thought that made his heart stop.
“Like lightning?”
John’s face finally fell as the rest of him at last understood what Sherlock was saying. It all made sense. It explained why he had crashed into this world and woken up in it all alone, with no one to pull him from the river or be with him on the shore. Suddenly, his excitement swirled down the drain in the face of the reality that Sherlock . . . missed the
John made dinner that evening (wondering what had happened to all the groceries he had ordered), but Sherlock said he wasn’t hungry, that he needed to think, and for most of the evening he lay on the couch, fingertips joined beneath his jaw as he stared at the ceiling, leaving John to nibble at the reheated shepherd’s pie without any real appetite whatsoever. And it was after, when he went upstairs to hide the sex pamphlets in a box of personal items he kept in Sherlock’s laboratory, that he discovered that all of Sherlock’s lab equipment, including the tables, had been cleared away. In their place, a bed, dresser, and night table with a lamp. His clothes were in the dresser. His shoes were at the foot of the bed. This was his room. Sherlock had moved him out, after all.
It was a question John didn’t know how to answer. But in avoiding the hurtful truth that he probably would have shut it down by aggressively dating more women (much had changed in the last seventeen days regarding his self-understanding), he took a hard left and instead walked straight into an even more painful conclusion.
“I spoke to him today. He gave me some
But it was while interviewing a member of Sherlock’s Homeless Network in a crowded park that John felt the first cramp, low in his abdomen, and his body flushed with heat. Sherlock caught the scent and cut the interview short.
. Yes, that was better. Relinquish the decision-making and put the power in John’s hands. And if a knock never came? Why, he’d just never leave the room ever, ever again. Yes, that sounded reasonable.
“Yeah,” said John dismissively, “but you misidentified the
have an Omega to look after. We’re all relieved nothing worse happened, but from what you told me, John took a good couple of licks. You should be there to comfort him.”
This time, the response came more quickly.
, he told himself as he sank deeper and deeper back toward sleep.
Suddenly, John was on his feet. He muttered something half-hearted—maybe an excuse, maybe an apology—and left the room, letting the door bang closed behind him.
Mike stared at him, uncomprehending. And before he could be diagnosed as a cracked Omega in need of rehabilitation, he tried a different tack.
“Oh,” said Sherlock, smiling through his blush. The man was
“I don’t think so.”
His heart was burning, his nose tingled. John had to push those feelings aside to finish talking. “It’s going to be him.”
A bright flash of light sliced through the darkness, and John threw himself to the ground. He army crawled under a truck, then dashed into an alleyway. There, at the end of the long alley, he saw him. Sherlock. His Sherlock. He didn’t know how he knew, but he knew. Yet the distance between them was astronomical.
“Evans will get you two set up. He knows you’re coming. I have a meeting to race off to, but I’ll probably be back before you finish up.”
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow at him. “I’ve always been a favorite of hers,” he said, like it was ridiculous to presume otherwise.
With a sniff and clearing of the throat, he said in a conclusive tone, “Sure puts the last two weeks in a hell of a different light. A more logical one.”
anyone . . . What did you want to do as a kid?”
“Don’t be.”
Everything was surreal. Meeting Dr. Stapleton—in this context, in this body—felt like he’d put his shoes on the wrong feet that morning. He could still walk just fine, but it felt funny, and he was sure she would notice he wasn’t quite right. But the Alpha-X didn’t notice anything amiss. She barely looked at him. Because he was Omega.
murderers.”
John placed himself in her path, took her by the shoulders, and pointed her back to the table. “I brought drinks. Which do you fancy, the Coke or the tea? Or we can do water from the tap.”
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock said, “Don’t be an idiot. It’s the most obvious thing in the world.”
For the next hour, they played poker. Harry smoked and drank tea. John took his without sugar. They didn’t talk much at first. Harry was too suspicious, and John didn’t quite know what to say. He wasn’t even fully certain of why he had come. Only, he knew his time in this universe was short. If things went to plan, he would go back to a different Harry Watson, one who adored him, doted on him, and had since childhood; one who had been in a committed relationship longer than he had been; one who was sober. The Harry of this world—she led such a sad life. And he ached to see her so unhappy. It was devastating, really, that the other John didn’t have much of a relationship at all with his sister. It wasn’t that he thought he could
He did a damn good job—if he did say so himself—of avoiding every appearance of distraction. He asked intelligent, fully engaged questions; he laughed at the right times, grunted when appropriate, and berated Sherlock just when a dressing down was called for. But his eyes were on the clock, watching his last seconds in this world, with this Sherlock, tick by, vanishing before his eyes.
“How do you answer
Why should anything be wrong? You know how I feel about John. You keep harping on about it, even when I tell you to shut up. And now you know how John feels about me.”
Sherlock was no longer listening. He sat ponderously back in his chair, fingertips steepled and an absent expression in his eyes. Daydreaming, no doubt, of reuniting with his real love, even if it meant it had to be through glass.
“Your bullet scar is the only scar so far visible that was created in your adulthood. All the rest are from childhood, some very early childhood. Many of us have such scars. I myself, I hope you’ll soon discover, have a scar above my right knee from the day I decided to have a go with the katana Mycroft brought back from Kyoto at the end of his gap year. One or two such scars are little to raise an eyebrow, but seven or eight? And those are just the ones I’ve seen on your arms and back and neck.”
“I was here first,” Sherlock reasoned.
“It’s the bond,” said Sherlock. “Alphas and Omegas, they have influence over one another’s moods. When an Alpha is angry, his Omega helps him keep a clear head. When an Omega is sad, his Alpha cheers him.” He continued to stroke, to rub, to breathe. “It’s in the scent. Pheromones. The stronger the bond, the more powerful the influence—we’re a drug to each other.”
. At first, it did seem like mere observation, silent observation. Sherlock was just looking. Looking
“No! This is”—he searched for the words—“bloody astonishing! How did he
, John thought.
Sherlock was passing him his phone, the screen displaying a website. He took it and read the short article. It took two seconds for him to understand why Sherlock had drawn his attention to it: it was an obituary site, which named a certain man, Jeffrey Hope, as having passed away at the age of 56. He had been a professional cab driver for thirty-three years.
He started playing rugby when he was eleven. It was a reason not to go home after school, and Dad seemed pleased that he was doing something athletic. It’s what proper boys did, and John would do nearly anything to not be called a pansy or poofter again. Dad was so excited, in fact, that he started to take John to the park on weekends to run exercises with him, make him faster, make him stronger, make him better. “A star,” said Dad. “Gonna make you a star.”
A growl began to build deep in Sherlock’s chest, which had begun to swell. He stalked purposefully toward the house, hoping he would meet Dr. Stapleton on the way.
Twenty minutes passed before he got a response.
“Nope. Four-inch blade. Though I should mention, I did lose the appendix because of that little scuffle. That’s what it took for me to realize I was in over my head. I lost a lot of money, too. Mycroft’s money. He’s the one who got me straightened out, more or less. Lost a lot of his hair and a fair bit of weight doing it, too.” He grinned a bit remorsefully, though with something John thought might have been fondness. “Lestrade eased the boredom, once he started letting me solve some of his trickier cases. Brainwork was my salvation. Solving cases helped a lot. Hell of a lot. But the cravings themselves . . . They never seemed to go away. Most nights, they drove me mad. I had promised Mycroft I would never use again, not even smoke. So I got my fix from nicotine patches. That seemed to do the trick.” He turned his head toward John. “Until I met you.”
They clinked glasses and drank.
“How sorry I am. I understand now, how unhappy you’ve been. With your life. With me.” He was positively trembling. “So things are going to change. I’m going to change. I’m going to make you happy, I promise. Whatever you want, John, whatever you need from me—”
She shrugged like she didn’t care but said, “You know where to find me.”
John stared down at his hands. “So what happens if these messengers don’t tell the Alphas about your challenge?”
“Thank you.”
“How indeed.”
They wasted no time, answered no questions, but surrounded him, a ring of five Alphas against whom he would be a fool to put up a fight. His wrists were cuffed in iron, not the dainty steel bracelets reserved for Betas and Omegas, and not only his wrists but his ankles as well, and a steel contraption called a muzzle across his nose and mouth, preventing him from smelling, from speaking, or from biting. And they escorted him away.
John spent an exceedingly long time in the shower, to scrub away every last bit of scent still lingering in his hair or on his skin. The scent below the skin, now, was all Sherlock. He had seen to that.
God, he was in love. Fascinating.
“I don’t know how else to say it. I’ve dedicated myself to him. Here or not. You understand?”
And he thought about what he had seen on the telly, the amazing things he had seen the other John do, and do with Sherlock. John had engaged in a dog fight and won. Together, he and Sherlock had defeated three ferocious Alphas. He still didn’t know the whole story yet. For instance, why had the challenge been issued in the first place? What had happened to the other John? Was it
did you do it?”
Then he held his breath. What. The hell. Was
What was he to do? How was he to fix this!
“What? A case?”
“If you’d rather not see the body—”
; but to think that Sherlock was even willing to entertain the notion, let alone desire it, suddenly marriage took on a whole new level of significance, and now he knew that he wanted it too, and he needed to answer the proposal in the affirmative. He kissed him.
“Dammit, I said
“How the hell would
“Night then. Do remember to unplug the lights. Our electricity bill was way up last month because of your microwave experiments.”
John had no idea the response either yes or no would illicit. If he said no, it was almost certainly an invitation for further advances. If he said yes, however, would they respect that? Was there some sort of code of respect Alphas had for one another? Don’t mess with another Alpha’s Omega or suffer the consequences? Maybe there was even a law to the effect.
They lay together in the bliss of afterglow, still touching and stroking, but without intention, only to feel and be felt. John felt like he could lie like that forever, perfectly sated, perfectly content, breathing in his bond-mate and reveling in their lifelong union.
So he couldn’t talk to Sherlock. He couldn’t talk to John. In cases like these, he had always turned to Harry. But he knew he couldn’t talk to her either.
“Mostly my pride,” John replied. He lifted a leg, braced hands on his raised knee, and made to push to standing. But the sharp pain in his abdomen made him gasp and freeze.
For their own part, John explained how he and Sherlock had married nine years ago and Harry had served as his best man, and Sherlock chimed in that the photographer had tried to murder one of the guests, making it a perfect wedding day. While the other John looked dismayed, the other Sherlock nodded approvingly. Then John showed John the faint scar on his neck, left behind from when Sherlock had bitten him, their first time together.
“So what do we do?” John asked, voice still tremulous. It had been an exhausting day, followed by a sleepless night of talking, balking, questioning, answering, explaining, arguing, recapitulating, hypothesizing, tea time, backing up, and trying again. John wanted to sleep, thinking that, if he woke up, maybe the world would have righted itself. But Sherlock showed zero signs of tiring.
Eight journals later, John was caught up to the present. By then, his fascination with this stranger’s history had worn away, leaving him once again stoking the fires of his incredulity and ire. After a preparatory school, Omega John (as John was now thinking of him), at age 17, had gone straight into the workforce . . . as a salesman.
John cleared his throat, cricked his neck. “Indeed.”
This time, John’s mouth did fall open. Fortunately, he had finished swallowing. After several long seconds of silence, Sherlock must have assumed the conversation ended and went back to his egg.
The banners sporting his name blurred in his peripheral vision as he kept his eyes locked on the three rapists he had come to confront, and defeat. They stared back, eyes widening with amazement, bafflement. Sean, the Alpha with the casted arm, looked around as though expecting someone to interfere and take the Omega off the pitch. The other two slowly began to transform their stance: heads shifted forward, shoulders back; fingers curled at their sides, and they slowly began to lower themselves into crouching positions. Gasps popped throughout the sea of onlookers, and finally murmuring rose up. What was this Omega
“You know that’s barbaric, right? You have to know that.”
“Schubert?”
(he didn’t really like to think about the disgusting things the man had said during knotting, the teasing threats that he would bite and bond whether John wanted it or not, or especially the ferocity with which he had claimed John, which had been both painful and humiliating). That time, after only a day, he had sneaked away from the sleeping Alpha, locked himself in the bathroom with his phone, and called the hotline in tears; and within the hour, a small team had arrived at his door to bear the abusive Alpha away and deliver a replacement to finish out his heat. It was a comfort, knowing that the Omega hotline was there.
If things went to plan . . .
He was alive.
It was early, very early, before-the-sun early, and definitely before-visiting-hours early, when John woke up in his hospital bed to find he had a visitor.
“Mike!” he exclaimed.
“What the hell was that all about?” Lestrade muttered to him under his breath.
The camera cut to a middle-aged, grey-haired man sitting behind a large mahogany desk. The caption at the bottom of the screen read “Dr. Blake Pior, chief physician at St. Vincent’s Hospital for Omega Children.”
, he thought. And driven by the need to set things right with his Omega, to purge the intruder Alpha from his bond-mate, he shoved John inside.
“Molly,” he said, “if there were no rules, no restrictions, if you could do anything you wanted with your life, anything at all, what would you do?”
John’s voice was high-pitched, strained, warbling.
“No . . .”
“As a coward,” Trevor croaked.
“Yes, the librarian said it was.”
this wasn’t just Sherlock’s bedroom. It was his, too. He looked quickly toward the closed door, hoping it didn’t open, and before he lost his nerve, he threw back the sheets, grabbed a dressing gown he didn't recognize from off the back of the door, and slipped soundlessly into the bathroom where he locked both doors.
Thing two: Her Alpha stooge had been sniffing and sizing John up from the moment of the abduction. Therefore, it was in their company, not Sherlock’s, that he was unsafe.
“I wasn’t thinking,” he said. “I just saw her lunge, and you were in danger, and I tackled an old Beta woman to the ground so hard her bones broke!”
you. I choose Sherlock.”
John listened in astonishment to a boiled down, heavily edited recap of the very conversation he’d had with Mike after the attack on Molly. He had thought every word had simply gone in one ear and out the other. But apparently not. Here Dr. Stamford was, suggesting to all of Britain that perhaps there was a reason to introduce such a thing as a heat suppressant into the Omega world.
“Molly?” he croaked, straining to open his eyes.
index fingers, at the same time and in the same wrenching manner that didn’t heal quite straight, but I do not consider this very likely. More likely, someone broke them for you. Maybe you did burn your arm on a friend’s exhaust pipe, like you told me. But did that same exhaust pipe somehow reach your neck, just below the hairline? And the striations on your back. They’re shallow, subtle, maybe you don’t even know they’re there. But they cross in a pattern I recognise from a case I worked before we met, where a woman had been severely beaten with a belt buckle. I haven’t seen marks like those since, until now. All these things together suggest a pattern of long-term physical abuse in childhood. Lay on top of that being shot in a war, and you get the sort of reaction I just witnessed. I deduced long ago that you harboured some ill feeling toward your father. Your mouth pinches at the very mention of fathers, and your right fist clenches if those mentions involve domestic abuse. I know Harry reminds you of him, so maybe there’s a link to alcoholism. Substance abuse and violence so often go hand in—”
John gasped through his nostrils, then quickly turned his head and rubbed at his nose, pretending it was a sniff. Taured? The tiny French-speaking nation in the Pyrenees? It most certainly
“What do you mean?”
“What the
“We have work to do.”
Sherlock rested his head against the hard wood, and breathed. This was it. John was behind this door. And—he breathed again—Dr. Stapleton was not.
“I do?”
“It is. In some, erm, significant ways. So maybe that’s why it wasn’t our bodies that swapped. It was our minds.”
“Right. Because that’s . . . bad. No, I know. I got it. So I have to . . . get rid of the scent.” There was a tiny lilt in his voice, as if asking a question.
Where was this coming from? What was John saying? Was he talking about what Sherlock
“That theory,” Chris continued, “goes hand in hand with the dream theory.”
“Well, what is it?” asked the cabbie.
But still, he couldn’t sleep. He couldn’t stop thinking about Sherlock’s hands on his skin. The electricity had been entirely unexpected, but so had the comfort. That is, he felt no need to recoil, or coach himself through it, or remind himself that being touched actually felt good. It did feel good. He craved it. From anybody, really, but he never came by it easily.
was young.”
At last, John allowed himself to smile in return. He hadn’t known that Sherlock went to see her. “Sherlock is an honorable man. He keeps his promises. And mine, apparently.”
Doctor. He still couldn’t believe it. His counterpart had become a
Second, the Betas comprised an estimated 85% of the population, the Alphas about 10%, and the Omegas about 5%. Again, weird, but fine. Omegas were rare and, John supposed without too much anxiety, headed for extinction, if nature had the same destructive trajectory he was familiar with. Give them another thousand years.
to come back. But I’m telling you right now, it’ll kill him. I
But this wasn’t Mind Palace John, who had stormed off. And it wasn’t Fantasy John, either (the John that was gripping his curls so hard he saw the world sideways). Like Fantasy John, this was a new John to the Mind Palace, one that had never made an appearance before, and one he had never really expected to. He didn’t know what else to call him, to distinguish him, so he silently dubbed him Omega John.
They hung up. Sherlock stared at his notes, and his ears rang with Chelmsford.
. Each time, I thought I was kissing you. I thought I was making love to
want me to discover the truth.”
He hurried around the room, making sure that everything was in the exact same spot as before, even going so far as to disassemble Sherlock’s wall of tattoo photos, just in case it somehow interfered with the connection. He even put on the same clothes he had worn the night before, right down to the underwear. And then he stood facing the mirror, heart thumping, stomach writhing, and waited.
“What was the lie?” John challenged him.
Dr. Stapleton, however, was shaking her head before he even finished. “
“You here on your own?”
“I . . . I . . .”
They became one, Sherlock in John, John surrounding Sherlock. Neither had anticipated how wonderful it could be. Every heated sigh, every shivering hair, every kneaded muscle awakened a body Sherlock hadn’t known had been so long asleep. Every part of him was singing. John was sighing, gasping. Sherlock thrusted and John arced, and they were both rising, rising, until both cried out and grasped at one another as if in falling, they would lose each other if they didn’t hold on.
The other Sherlock threw his head back and laughed.
“Well, at least take the dry cleaning!”
Halfway through, the wind picked up and the clouds darkened. Soon, the rains fell at a slant. Invigorated by the storm, the boys played harder, churning the mud with their cleats, tackling one another into the dark wet earth, smiling all the way. In the end, they won outright, and John had a sinking feeling of being superfluous to the game altogether. He might as well not have even been there.
“Don’t gawp at it. Sit. Eat.”
He climbed into the nearest bus, found a seat near the back, and sighed deeply, sinking into it. Then he rested his head against the glass and watched London roll by. When his phone dinged in his pocket—a text this time—he didn’t even check to see what Sherlock had to say.
Sometime in the afternoon, Sherlock got a call from Harry Watson. He stepped out into the hall to take it.
“Did you finally
“See that he does. Cheers, Sherlock.”
He stepped around John, who remained immobilized on the stool, and left the flat without another word.
, but I did not.”
to be won by an Omega.”
“High.” He chortled in his nose. “Hi! Hi!”
“Last night. When you talked to John.”
He didn’t bother asking Sherlock whether he actually wanted tea. He just shoved it into his hand. Sherlock made no protest and sipped appreciatively.
The element of surprise proved to be his greatest advantage. Sherlock saw him coming, but determining that there was no time to ward him off, he dodged to the side to give John just enough room to launch himself into Roger and throw him off balance, and it was while being hunched over to redistribute his weight and keep his feet under him that Roger lost his advantage entirely.
sure didn’t smell anything. But the insult was less important to him than his need to cool off, so he rolled the window halfway down and let the cool air hit his face. He sighed into it. Oh, it was relief.
And he disappeared into the back. John listened to the water run in the bathroom for thirty seconds, then to silence for another sixty. At last, Sherlock rejoined him, face scrubbed bright and just the tips of the curls framing his brow beaded with water droplets. He sat across from John, the perfect visage of composure, and sipped from his coffee.
He had to go home.
“John’s last interview has gone viral,” said Sherlock, mostly to deflect attention, but John detected the note of pride in his voice as well. ‘It’s world-wide news now. More than fifteen million hits in under forty-eight hours, and still going strong.’
“You look lost,” she whispered, because after all, they were in a library.
“Um,” said Chris Melas, “yes. That is, I am
Second, the human population in Wacko World (as he was silently dubbing it) was not divided into male and female. Those words had no meaning for humans, only certain species of animals. Not anymore, at least. His research had revealed something startling:
“Stop dancing around it. Say what you mean. According to this theory, how does John go back?”
“Parallel universes.”
John chuckled.
“I don’t know. I don’t know how long I’ve been in this room.”
“The heat wasn’t without some pain, so she came back to finish her round of treatments. But she’s checking out today. That’s why I’m here, to, um . . .”
“Let me see if I got it right this time,” he said. “You are a subspecies of human male from an alternate reality who, for the last seven years, has been the sexual partner of an alternate version of
So he knew. Oh God, he
“Your Omega spent nearly four hours on the Waterloo Bridge,
She spoke with a slight Cockney he’d never heard in her mouth before, and he realized that, in this place, she had been raised a little closer to the poverty line than back in Normalia. “Not in this life,” he said.
John wished Sherlock would let him help.
“What, like A&E?”
“What? Who? Saw who?”
Molly breathed in, and John realized she was smelling him. He could smell her too, and bizarrely concluded that she was afraid—the scent told him so.
“I am entirely sympathetic,” Sherlock said.
“Then why the music stand?”
“Then we throw out the hip bone.”
Sherlock stared, mouth slack, uncomprehending. And John knew why. He wasn’t in heat. Taking a knot outside of the heat was foolhardy at best, and most likely would result in estrus poisoning. But they didn’t need to knot to become one, to touch each other in every part, to inspire pleasure that set the body singing. He knew that now. He knew how things could be different between them, better. He knew what he wanted.
This chapter contains non-graphic retelling of a rape, which may disturb some readers. If you'd rather not read that, feel free to skim ahead.
The taxi ride back to the flat was deathly silent. They couldn’t even look at each other.
John held the gun with his right hand and steadied it with his left. His eyes narrowed in on the target, dead center in the man’s chest. He breathed in, held it, decided he had nothing to lose with this one shot, exhaled, and fired.
Suddenly, though, John pulled away and flipped himself onto his back. Reaching forward, he cupped Sherlock’s face in both hands and pulled his body over his, kissing him deeply. Then John’s hands were on his skin, high and low, and eagerly he pushed aside Sherlock’s underwear until the two of them were entirely bare with each other, at last completely and utterly and unashamedly exposed. No more secrets. No more more hiding. Whatever past had haunted John disappeared in the present that was just the two of them, exploring one another, coming together like never before, and knowing each other more completely and perfectly than either had expected.
“I’m going to ask him,” he said softly, “if he wants to come back.”
take risks. Risks get you hurt, or worse. Come here.”
“You, uh, need any help?” John asked, trying to sound casual.
Yes, the other John had
“Stop, stop,” John said, balling his hands into fists and forcing them at his side. Slowly, he breathed, and slowly, he forced his spine straight as he faced Sherlock from the other side of the room.
“Because of the sex.”
This battle was bigger than Sherlock and John. It extended so much further than this moment or this park. This was a fight for Omegas everywhere, now and in the future.
“I’d really be much more comfortable—”
He didn’t know whether it was mere Omega instinct, or whether it was the knowledge he had gained of what they could do, what they
“Well, John,” said Lestrade, signaling for his third beer, “I’m hardly a study in successful relationships.” He tapped his left ring finger, conspicuously absent of a ring. “But one thing I do know is that the longer you stay silent about this sort of thing, the messier it gets. It’s cliché, but true: communication is key.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"You've been ignoring me."
to tell her anything, even though she's always saying how she's worried about me since I'm with you."
John nodded and scooted closer, so he could feel their hips touching. Sherlock turned his head to look at John.
I didn't know how I was going to survive this. John's chair was empty. Dust was floating in the sunlight, and John's chair was empty. I plucked a string and nothing moved. Nothing changed. John's chair was still empty. Mrs Hudson had brought up tea at some point. I was too present to ignore her. I couldn't stay behind my mind no matter how hard I tried, and believe me, I tried. I was forced to stay present, forced to look at John's chair and think about why he wasn't in it.
"Go away."
"To convince yourself that you're fine. To not go insane."
John sighed, “…It wasn’t- It wasn’t this big drama scene every five minutes. It was normal, quiet, joking and playing games and then… Bam. Three of your friends were wounded, and you had to be the one to put them back together again. I was-“ He let out a dry laugh, “I just knew how to put the puzzle together. What went where, something you could learn with enough practice, yeah, I wasn’t special, but I was the one there.”
Finn was already waiting for him. The corner of her mouth raised and Sherlock could see blinding canine teeth contrasted by red lipstick.
"...Okay. Okay, I don't mind that."
. Sherlock not liking girls. Sherlock liking boys instead. It had to be hypothetical, because they both knew- everyone knew- you don't
"And I said I would give it a try. I did."
The telly buzzed from the corner of the room. Sherlock's eyes were closed, but his brain was still on. He waited until John was snoring in his chair before pulling his blankets off and carefully removing his IVs, then placing the clip from his thumb onto John's instead.
"I think last doesn't even sound like a word anymore."
Sherlock wasn’t worth it.
“Do you usually do this?” Sherlock asked, letting John set the tray across his knees.
Whispers followed him all the way to the last bell and outside where Sherlock was nowhere to be found. John breathed a sigh of relief, and enjoyed the fresh air on his way home.
John didn’t try to respond. His hand slid off Sherlock’s chin and pulled him into a half hug, their knees knocking together and elbows digging into the others’ ribs. It was somehow still comforting. It was somehow still something Sherlock wanted to keep locked away.
"You look at me with this light behind your eyes that I've never seen before, and I like to think I'm the source of it."
"Hm?" Sherlock took a drag from his cigarette and blew the smoke over John's shoulder.
"Uh…" John shook his head, and shrugged, "I've wanted to go to medical school for as long as I can remember, Harry and I don't get on, haven't in a while, and…" He nodded, "My mom's been gone awhile."
They hadn’t even known each other long, but Sherlock was already too far gone on him. He hated thinking about that, how his mind was occupied with every potential they had. He figured the term lovesick was appropriate since this definitely felt like an ailment.
John rolled his eyes, “Tell me more about the records.”
"My brother said he couldn't stand the smell."
“What is
“Do you need to be anywhere?”Sherlock asked, his voice low.
“You should stop denying it. It’s not good for you.”
"You do." John responded, the same level of arrogance in his voice.
"Have you really never seen Rebel Without a Cause?"
"Because that's what people do, right? They have nights where they get all close and talk about how everything sucks and they become best friends or boyfriends-"
“We’re taking a cab to Hammersmith,” he told John, shortly after Mr. Jacobs had left. He knew the whole conversation had perplexed John—they usually did, and Sherlock admitted he took some pleasure in seeing his brow furrow the way it did, his eyes darting inquisitively, sometimes skeptically, between client and detective. But in true John form, he didn’t interrupt and trusted that Sherlock knew what he was doing.
John nodded, still grinning, and shucked his coat, hanging it on the back of the door. “I’ll take our clothes for dry cleaning tomorrow.”
play.”
flash drive off his inebriated soon-to-be-relative with the hopes he might be able to barter his way into the black. Not much of a head scratcher, is it?”
Nothing. No instant rush to obey, not even so much as a tingle. A smile slowly spread across John’s lips.
Sherlock kissed the mark a though to soothe it. He hummed into the skin. “So what’s he like?” He traced a finger down John’s spine. “The other me. In the other place.”
The mobile in his pocket dinged.
They shouted: “Get ’im! Get ’im!” The bridge was blocked, and the pavement as well, so he took off into the grass, eyes scanning for another emergency pole, a strolling copper, or a carelessly abandoned handgun lying in his path. No dice.
John thought,
interesting information.”
“Oops, that’s me,” said Lestrade, as his phone buzzed in his pocket. He stepped away from the table, and John, Sherlock, and Molly continued chatting. Molly was toying with the idea of writing a book, she said, giving John a knowing look. Aha. John had in some way inspired or encouraged the idea, so he smiled back like he understood. When she mentioned that it would be a detective novel, Sherlock immediately started pestering her with questions (Was it a police detective or a private detective? Did she need help envisioning the details of the murder? It would be a
“Wrong. They were murders.”
John sank back in his seat and let his head fall back.
“I should think so,” Mrs. Hudson was prattling on. “Isn’t that why the police are here? I told them to wait downstairs, that you wouldn’t be a moment. Gracious, Sherlock, are you ill?”
But Sherlock was frowning. “Say it, why don’t you. You didn’t enjoy it in the slightest.”
John 1:
“You don’t mind that we get started straight away, I hope,” Sherlock continued. “Picking up where we left off?”
“Yoo-hoo!”
“I’m starving. You know how I get after a case. What are you cooking up?”
Sherlock’s face cringed as though in pain, and he started to shake his head in denial. “Never—”
Reluctantly, he stood. But he took his time following the night-shift nurse out of the room. To delay, he readjusted John’s blanket so it would keep him nice and warm. Then he made mental notes of all the blipping and blooping from the machines monitoring John’s vitals so he could make comparisons in the morning. At last, he bent over and kissed John’s forehead. He wasn’t much practiced at the kissing thing, but he wanted to leave John with something, and it was all he could think of.
He didn’t know what was wrong with him, or broken inside of him, but even in his inexpressible joy, he was crying.
And that’s how he ended up back on the bridge.
“I didn’t say yes.”
Sherlock he was unwell, piss off, leave him alone. That’s just what John did.
He threw himself into the back of a taxi. He was shaking like a leaf and felt close to throwing up, but he had the wherewithal to know what he needed to do, where he needed to go. “An Omega clinic, please,” he said. “
“That would be Roger,” said John. “Leaving me with Trevor.”
The white rabbit signifies Lewis’ attempts to return to his own world, but he doesn’t know how. He’s chasing something he can never reach.”
It was a thing John had never seen before, not from Sherlock. Astonished, holding Sherlock’s head with both hands, John pushed him back, gently, not to escape Sherlock’s arms but just far enough to see his face. Sherlock’s beautiful blue eyes were shining with tears, and his lips quivered as he tried to speak but struggled to voice the words. At last:
He glanced out the window; the sun was sinking toward the horizon, and he wasn’t feeling . . . anything.
“What’s the message?” one finally conceded. John knew him to be the bloke that had launched himself at John and sucker-stamped him on the ground. He appeared far less dangerous all of the sudden.
And he wondered when he would get to discover it.
might have a few questions of my own for this Professor . . . what’s her name?”
“I’d feel much better knowing that the body left behind is undoubtedly yours, and not confuse it with another decapitated corpse.”
—striking again and again a sensitive spot deep inside that he never truly believed was there. Until now. This was his John, his perfect and wonderful John, claiming him with a lover’s unrivaled passion. This was where John wanted to be—with Sherlock. Just like this. It was too much, and just enough.
John took Sherlock by the wrists and pulled his hands away from his head. Then he took a step back, creating a distance he knew was necessary for what he had to say next. Forcing himself to make eye contact, even though it hurt, he said, “I first met Sherlock Holmes in a laboratory in St Bart’s Hospital. Two years ago.”
John raised his eyes from the article with a carefully neutral expression, holding back his reaction until he had gauged Molly’s. Was she concerned the legality wouldn’t hold? Was she offended at being called a “ride-along”? Was she mortified that her situation as a victim of forced bonding was being broadcasted to all of London?
So he left, carrying numbly between his fingers pamphlets on safe sex and how to prepare oneself for penetrative intercourse. Essentially, he was being re-educated on living the life of a Beta.
“Rest well, Ms. Hooper,” said Sherlock, handing her back the phone and moving at once for the exit.
John stared, dumbfounded, as two things occurred to him. The first, Sherlock was on his way home. He had only an hour to figure this out, to remind his body that he was an
, and not a minute more.”
“—an incident,” Lestrade finished. Then, sighing, “And yes, it may well have been homicide. They just pulled a body from the Thames. I’m sorry, Molly, I have to run. Maybe Sherlock and John can escort you home?”
“Who?”
“No, no, I’m fine. Really. It was just a dizzy spell or something. It’s passed.” He smiled to reaffirm his state of wellbeing.
“Right. So.”
“Then perhaps,” Sherlock said, “we just continue on as we were. We forget
His leg hurt. And
Dad didn’t get up. An arm overlaid his neck, and he spit into John’s ear, “Think you’re a big man? Huh? Think you’re a better man than
"I remember, I cleaned up afterward."
"The…the TARDIS can't be here," Sherlock said, shaking his head. "The TARDIS is parked up the hill on the other side of the clearing."
"Well…yes, okay Sherlock? This is our flat. We live here together."
"New guy," the Doctor said as the TARDIS whirled to life.
Sherlock watched the trio of strangers follow them as his father carried him back into the house. One thing he knew for sure, he definitely wasn’t going to let them put him to bed tonight. Not now that he’d finally found a real mystery. The game was on.
"The other person didn't fall, evidently. We can see the fingermarks, but his neck has no mud. His attacker was more in shape, I suppose. He'd have to be to kill someone on a street in open daylight. Does this street get much traffic?" he asked.
"Police box," the Doctor broke in.
"No, we really don't."
"Mycroft means logical thinker and leader," Rose said a bit defensively. "He is both of those things. I stand behind my name choice. You can just call him Mike if you don't like it."
They narrowed their eyes at him, but eventually nodded, heading off down the street to find the Thompson Savings and Loan. Sherlock waved at them politely until they were out of earshot, then it fell from his face.
Rose nodded with a sigh. "It's only been the last few weeks. He was thrilled about having a baby brother at first. I don't think he likes splitting the attention."
John took a moment to examine his thoughts, then he finally nodded. "It doesn't bother me. Really."
He struggled, trying to stand from the chair. "You can't do this!"
"I don't like him," Mycroft grumbled, crossing his arm. "He makes too much noise."
"With evil statues that try to kill us?"
Rose tapped the Doctor's arms and he nodded, kissing her once on the forehead. He sighed, looking at his son, and then placed a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. He didn't say anything, and he wasn't really looking at him, but the message was clear. He was angry, so angry, but there were only three people in the universe that were completely safe from the fury of the Last Time Lord, and Sherlock was one of them. The Doctor stepped out of the room, letting Rose have a minute alone with her son.
"Eighty," she corrected. "I'm still a lot younger than the Doctor."
Mycroft turned away from him. As usual, the man made no sense.
"I do, but I have them at home. I am trying to find the appropriate way to ask you to not be here when those plans take place."
He sighed, covering his face with his hand for a moment. "I really don't want to have this conversation. John and I are fine."
"Sorry," John said. "Rift?"
"Love you, she whispered back, finally giving in to the exhaustion she'd been fighting.
The Doctor looked up suddenly as the daylight began to gently fade. "What time is it? Doesn't matter. Well, it does, but our clocks are set on Earth time so that's not really helpful. Give me Nemo I'll put him in some water" he said as he grabbed a small duffel bag he'd brought with him.
She was distracted when Redbeard rushed past her, almost knocking her over on his way to jump on Sherlock's lap. The Doctor smiled. He doubted Rose would know what the planet Moira was famous for, but the boys might, and he didn't want them to accidently give it away.
"Normal children don't get to change their names whenever they want to, you needed a solid name. I let you pick it once, I warned you it was a permanent decision."
John raised his eyebrow "I'm sure things get easier in the future, communication wise. Why not just live further down the line?"
"One hour," Rose announced. "We've done a lot of work, we can all have an hour to relax. Then everyone get back and we'll fish, okay?"
"Someone fast then. Very fast…who's left no extra set of footprints? Interesting. Come along, John," he said walking away quickly.
"No."
"I didn't eat it," he protested, holding up his magnifying glass. "Ill figure out who did though."
"No, Sherlock, you can't sleep," John said, not looking at his friend. It looked like he was holding a book in his hands, but there was nothing there. "You can't go to sleep."
"The Sonic's not a toy, we talked about this."
Sherlock looked at John carefully. "I just… If you want to."
"You don't. You think you do. Do you have any idea of the way John looks at you? The way he checks on you when you look away? And another thing," she said, slapping him hard on the arm, "watch what you say about my son. You may not see your good qualities, but everyone with eyes does."
He examined the list, trying to find someone at least fairly familiar. He squinted, seeing something small in parenthesis next to one of the unfamiliar names.
"It's like being inside a firework," she muttered.
John shook his head, following Sherlock towards the large, decrepit building. "Should we go back? Get your parents, maybe?"
Sherlock sat on the chair he'd been standing on. "Why did you lie to my Dad?"
"Oh. I bet I painted that one. We could fix it tomorrow."
John blinked, trying not to let his gaze dart over to the table. Could Mycroft know? He wasn't sure of all of the rules. "Right." He said simply.
"Everyone needs a checkup once in a while," he said, placing the scope on the left side of Sherlock's chest. "You can't exactly walk into a regular clinic can you?"
"Only just now," she said. "Could have used you a few minutes ago."
John didn't answer. He looked behind him—there was Sherlock's bedroom. He was still in the flat. This didn't make any sense. He backed out of the box, trying to see if he had seriously misjudged the size of the thing. It looked just as small as it had before. John set his hands on the wood, making sure it was really in front of him. He walked around the box, trying to find some sort of hidden door or compartment that might make this make sense.
"Mate, get home, soon," he said.
He could feel it now. He could feel sweat stinging his pores. He gasped, trying to breathe as his vision swam. "Mum! Mum! Dad!"
Sherlock didn't need another word of encouragement—he grabbed his small backpack and went running off toward the trees.
John tapped his foot, sitting quietly in his chair. Across from him sat a small boy with wild, dark curls and apprehensive eyes. They sat in awkward silence, but John could feel those changeling eyes rolling over him. How much could they deduce? Sure, as an adult Sherlock had been able to figure out everything about him with a glance. He had a feeling that was a learned skill, but how long had the man studied it before he became what he was today?
"Sherlock, what are you doing?"
"I'd rather not. I did not get much sleep, and it seems to be catching up with me. I'm resting, but I'm listening."
The Doctor chuckled. "Oh, yes! Can't have that, can we? Thank you, John Watson."
"I'm going by myself?" Sherlock asked his father warily.
Sherlock sighed, reluctantly hugging her back. "It would be simpler if I just didn't have to deal with these stupid human emotions."
"Why not?"
The dog just panted and stared at him.
Sherlock nodded.
He nodded.
"John?" he asked suddenly.
"No," Rose said quickly, grabbing the Doctor's arm and pulling him off the couch. "Doctor, come on, let's go see if Mrs. Hudson is back yet."
She chuckled. "So we'll remember to set their trip for another day. Will the nighttime surprise still happen?"
"It's not wrong. It's just a little different than the others. I asked if you wanted to paint over it. Do you? Do you want to fix it?"
"To me? Yes. It's best not to get into it— every family has its baggage. Some aunts collect cats, my family tries to either save or destroy the universe."
"You're staying, Sherlock. You're staying right there, in that chair, until it's all out of your system. Cold turkey." She held a hand over her mouth, her eyeliner rolling down a bit with her tears.
"You're lucky he did," the Doctor said, running in behind Rose and pulling out his sonic screwdriver to work on the cage locks.
"When we renovated my private office a few years ago, one of the workers found something in the wall behind my desk. He was afraid it was classified information I had hidden so, he handed it over to me immediately. I've been hanging onto it since, just in case."
"Have you ever stopped to think of the age of leaves before?"
"Oh," he said patting Mycroft's face, "who said he was my goal? No, no, Mr. Holmes, I kidnapped the right brother, trust me. It's you who I need set far away from the workings of the British Government right now. Besides, Sherlock will go exactly where I want him to. You aren't the only person my associate has helped me acquire."
After he was sure John had left, he slowly unfolded himself from the chair. He wiped a sleeve over his wet, red eyes, rushing to the sink to rub some cold water on his face. He'd come way too close this time, too close to someone seeing him break down like this. He'd been sure, sure that John was finally done with him. Now he knew that John was coming back, but the tears still flowed from his burning face.
Suddenly Rose was there, pushing in front of the Doctor, her arms crossed tightly. “What did you just call my family? Who the hell do you think you are? We’re not hurting anyone, what gives you the right to just barge up to our home?”
His hand tightened on hers, his face drawn in concern. "He's not using again, is he? I checked his arms earlier—I know there are other ways to take in opiates but—"
She bit her lip. "I think I'll let Sherlock tell you that, if he wants to." She leaned forward staring at him intently. "Now then, we have a moment. Tell me, Dr. John Watson," she said, enunciating each part of his name as if it were some foreign language, "what kind of wizard are you?"
"But you're not. Mycroft is more alien, you know that. He doesn't need people, and you do. It wasn't Mycroft who would hide in our bed when the storms got too loud. You've always preferred company, at least once in a while. It's okay to be different from your brother, Sherlock. You're part human. You can need people in any way you want to."
"Sherlock, be careful!" he cried.
Moriarty turned on his heel, walking away from Mycroft down the long, echoing room.
John rushed forward, peering out over her should like a child. It was London, he was sure. He knew this street, some of these structures. But everything was wrong. The streets were cobblestone. The few people walking by him in the dim light of early evening were well dressed, most of the men in old suits and women in long dresses.
"Well, far in the future when this planet is "discovered" by archeologists they'll call them Parum Splendorem Insecta, which just means Little Shining Bugs in Latin. Not a very creative lot, archeologists. Most people just refer to them as the Moira bugs, after the planet, though no one's quite sure who named the planet anyway. Completely harmless, only interested in food and each other. You can see them anywhere on the planet, but the best spot is right here."
Jackie Tyler grinned down at the squirming month old infant in her arms. The last time she'd seen her daughter, Rose had been very pregnant. The little family of three, Rose, the Doctor, and Mycroft, had turned up on her doorstep just yesterday for a visit. The visits were erratic at best, and sometimes not in the right order. They had all been hoping that she would able to see the new baby as soon as possible. So, as a surprise, they had returned only a day later, relative to her timeline at least.
He had more to say, but the look on the other man's face made him trail off. He was used to a lot of Sherlock's expression, but guilt or shame was not something he was used to seeing drawn across that pale face. "You wouldn't understand, John."
"Because I'll untie you," she said, not willing to look at him anymore. "I love you too much to do that." She walked away.
"I wasn't yelling, Sherlock—"
"The chimney sweep must have escaped," John said, turning to look at Sherlock. He paused when he saw the detective's face. Horror, pure and strong, was evident in Sherlock's eyes. But he wasn't looking at John. He was looking over his shoulder.
"Mother!" he said sharply.
"I'm sure you've kept busy."
Mycroft scoffed, easing forward. “Right. Because helpful people lurk on other people’s property with guns.”
The Doctor bit his lip. "You've stayed with Uncle Jack a lot lately, I'm afraid of crossing time streams."
"I thought that was your voice," Sherlock said to his brother, hopping up to sit next to John on the sofa. "You got bald. And fat."
"What did you say?" Sherlock looked up in surprise, only just remembering that they had another man with them.
"You're not making sense. Nothing is. How do I do this, John?"
It was a cheap little picture taken on a roll of film that took years to develop, but thirty years later it was the only personal picture that Sherlock Holmes kept on the dresser in his room. Mycroft had one, hanging in the corner of his office, just out of the way enough to not make people ask questions. Jackie Tyler still kept one copy on her coffee table, displayed so that people would ask questions. In the halls of the TARDIS there hung one copy of the picture, enlarged as high as the old photo would allow.
The light was as bright as if it were day, though the sun had set several minutes ago. Some of the bugs started to change, and now they were a deep purple. The boys, after checking for safety, were running through the field now trying to catch the bugs but never quite succeeding—they did move very fast. Rose scooted a bit closer to her husband and felt his hand gently take hers.
"What did he think of the new face?"
"It's not a date, John. It's an obligatory meeting which I would rather receive in private."
"Why? That doesn't make sense. You're sleepier than I am."
"Mum made a pie and you ate it and I deduced it, you thief."
"Which word?" Rose asked.
Suddenly he was in the brightly lit halls of 221 B Baker Street. His coat and gloves were suddenly on. His mind was clear, but blank. John stepped out into the hall with him, pulling on his own coat. "We better get going, Sherlock?"
He froze, turning on his heel. "What? I'm going to look for treasure."
Dr. Watson dropped the book, calling loudly for Molly. He grabbed the patient's shoulders without thinking, grinning from ear to ear. "Come on. Mr. Holmes. Say something else. You can do this."
"Oh," Sherlock said, looking a bit disappointed. "Can I ask a question?"
"Not exactly," Rose fidgeted.
“Drop your weapons. Now.” The Doctor ordered, dangerously calm.
"What?" the detective asked, looking genuinely confused.
"Not your decision, Love. You've been a thousand places. John hasn't had that opportunity. John, do you want to see something amazing?"
"Sure," she nodded, and he ran back down the hall, calling for his dog.
He shrugged once again.
“Halfway across the world.”
"Leaving? I guess it depends what you want to do-"
“Sherlock!”
John smiled, "I'd much rather have you here too."
"Do you mind if I get a shirt or something?"
Sherlock kicked his shoes off in the middle of the room, ruining the plastic aesthetic and making John smile just a bit.
forming under the surface, "I don't know. Nothing new."
"Is that how you stay so thin?"
"I know, Sherlock. I know."
Two long fucking years.
"For you."
“Now you’re just messing with me.”
"Okay. Okay, I'll call. Or text."
"As good as free food sounds, why now? And what if someone sees us?"
"Well," He paused for a moment, "I think you deserve it. I think everyone deserves to be sought after. Within reason."
"Two sugars, please." Sherlock called from the bed, snuggling back into the blankets.
"Is this your hangout?" John asked, sitting next to him, albeit nervously.
Sherlock flicked his eyes towards John. His mouth was turned into a frown. He didn’t turn to Sherlock, but walked forward and crouched down to clean up the clothes on the floor.
"I have a theory." Sherlock said after a moment.
John first saw him like that. All dark leather, wild hair, and blood. A goddamn match ready to be set alight.
John shifted and crossed his arms, "Are they?"
is traditional. And…I like the idea of it."
“Probably.”
He gave a weak nod, his hand instinctively reaching for his right shoulder.
John tried not to smile too much, or too little. He was able to keep conversation and note of Sherlock's expressions through the entire meal. He got really good at noticing both the shifts in the planes of his face, and what they meant.
"And you're hopping back on with me? How lucky am I?" Sherlock grinned, and Finn grinned back. He was glad they were able to joke about shit like this, he didn't how else he would be able to handle it. He knew Finn didn't like be forcefully detoxed and always found a way out of it, but she never lost her sense of humor about the whole thing.
Flashbacks ran through his mind as he drifted through the city. Adventures and memories sprang back to him in full color. Even the cab driver served as a reminder of what was now considered his past life.
"John?" Molly tilted her head, her eyebrows furrowed in concern, "Are you listening to me at all?"
John's eyes fell to Sherlock's lips, then back up, hoping that it were too fast for Sherlock to notice, but really, nothing was too fast for Sherlock, or too much. He could run the world at this point, but here he was in John's bed. God, and John was saying no. Of course he was saying no.
John opened the door and the bed was empty, but off near the closet, clothes were off hangers and strewn about the floor.
"I did."
"You would hate me," I started despite his protests, my voice speeding up as I went along, "More than you ever have. Every time I've forgotten milk or did an experiment in the kitchen, every time you found something unsavoury in the fridge, all of that would pale in comparison. You would wish you never met me just so you wouldn't have to carry around this much hate on your back," I took a breath, my heart beating harder than I would've liked, my voice closer to cracking than I had wanted, "You would be willing," I started again, slower, "to tear apart everything and anything, for no other reason than wanting to feel something break."
Sherlock sighed, "Can I stay here for tonight?"
"Moving on. Do we need to talk about last night? Are we now best friends?"
I didn't pull the covers back. I laid on top of them and stared at the wall. He kept his room neat. He kept everything neat. He wasn't a bad roommate. If I breathed in and closed my eyes, I could pretend to feel him next to me. He would wrap his arms around me for the whole night and wouldn't move. If I turned around he would wait until I was facing him before pulling me closer. He wasn't scared of having me close. I turned and faced the other wall. I reached my hand out to see if maybe there was still an indentation of him in the mattress. Nothing. He was gone. Even the room had moved on.
John opened the door and got in, his head down. Sherlock didn’t know what he should do. Do people hug each other in this situation, or did they give each other space? Maybe John didn’t like hugs, or maybe he wanted one.
John rolled his eyes, “Partly,” He smiled back.
"Of course not. So, you've done this before?"
The man shuffled from foot to foot, his tongue darting out to brush over his lips, "Excuse me-? Your brother told you about me?"
John kicked at the shiny floor, "It'll matter to me."
There was a thick feeling to the air, like the heavens had opened up and stirred up all the dirt and dust in the atmosphere. Sherlock walked across the cement of the building roof. He sat on the edge and stuck a hand in his pocket.
"I know."
"Hey, Doll."
It was a bit awkward at first, considering that John had no clue what he was doing. Sherlock was slower than John thought he would've been at this point.  John wasn't sure what he thought Sherlock
Sherlock nodded, then looked around. John didn’t really know what was actually going on. Sherlock said that he didn’t need to, and that whatever that he saidJohn had to follow. John didn't know why he agreed.
John snorted. Because Sherlock was actually asking. He actually thought it was a question.
John adjusted his head on Sherlock's chest, "It's good."
He didn't know what about this moment made him remember, but he thought about the dare. Surely, it wasn't important now, but John still wanted to tell him.
As Mycroft walked out, in walked a blonde-haired, blue eyed man, shorter than Sherlock, broader than Sherlock. His lips were pinched with anxiety, and his fingers fidgeted at his sides.
"You know what I mean."
"I..." He breathed in, "I like this."
John nodded. Maybe he thought this meant more than it did. Maybe Sherlock didn’t think it meant enough. They could’ve been both overthinking it.
"But alas, I asked first."
John knitted his eyebrows together, "Why's that?"
"Then what are you trying to say, because I can't tell."
"I could ask you the same."
John just wished Sherlock wasn't here.
He didn’t have much time anyway, because John was stepping out of the door soon after. He tried to read John’s mood, but his head was too scattered.
“Well, that's Incorrect.”
John nodded.
John could've laughed at that point. It really was such a ridiculous statement. John wasn't special. He wasn't anything that couldn't be found in a thousand other people, yet, he still believed Sherlock.
John's mouth was half open, and his heartbeat was through the roof as he could feel red, black, blue, and purple, form under his skin. As he could feel humming on his chest and a hand traveling lower than it should. His mind caught up, and his body stiffened.
"What would you think of me as then?"
"Right. Okay."
"Do you think any of this is
John nodded absentmindedly, though she did have a point. He didn't even know Sherlock for that long. Everything he said could've been a lie, but John couldn't get Sherlock's face out of his head. He kept thinking about when he woke up with Sherlock and he was just sleepy enough to kiss him on the forehead, or when he would say something that shouldn't have been romantic or sweet, but still made John smile.
“She makes dinner, and kisses you on the cheek, and does everything I don’t know how to.”
"I thought you like it." He chuckled and leaned forward to light it, "You won't really do it right the first time, it'll probably make you cough- or puke."
"Sherlock. Sherlock, come on. God, tell me you're alright. Sherlock?"
"Are you gonna tell me what it is, or are you gonna bargain for it?"
"So far. How well did I do?"
He shrugged again.
John finally spoke, "Are you saying that to not hurt my feelings?"
"We could. We could leave."
"Masterful deduction." John stared up at the ceiling. He didn't feel lonely, but now that he thought about it, he was always kinda alone. He usually had the house to himself, and when he didn't his dad and sister where in their respective rooms most of the time, ignoring everyone else.
Molly pursed her lips, and John wondered how long it would take for her to get wrinkles.
"Maybe you shouldn't," Sherlock said back, "What if you regret all this?"
John rolled his eyes, "So they don't count."
Sherlock scoffed, "You really do have a silver tongue."
"People see us at school."
"Something wrong?"
"So arrogant is your type then?"
Sherlock glared at John, his eyes freezing over for the second time since he'd first brought John on that god forsaken ride.
"I would've helped. If you had told me, I would've helped." The edge in my voice had worn away from the shout.
Sherlock sat back, "I think you're the only person who looks at me like that."
John shoved him. Sherlock laughed.
John could've kicked himself for how stupid that sounded.
Sherlock kissed his forehead, "It's late."
hope yall enjoyed <3
"Sherlock?" He opened his eyes, and sure enough Sherlock was standing above the bed. His shirt untucked from his jeans, and his hair a mess from running his hands through it again and again, as he was doing now.
"I will push you off this bed."
Sherlock's smile was something soft once John got down to it. He jerked his head back to the ceiling.
Sherlock stood straight, "You say that, but what's been hurt so far?" He cocked his head, "Really, you have nothing to lose at this point."
Sherlock kissed John softer than he thought was possible. It made John's stomach flip. Sherlock settled next tohim on the rather large bed.
Sherlock opened his eyes to an empty pillow. He blinked then reached his hand out.
"Well, I know
“It does,” He said, “She wants to
small thing i thought was nice: towards the start when i wrote “rose-dawn” it was a reference to how homer describes the sunrise as “dawn’s rosy fingers” just btw.
Everything in his life just had to be a metaphor, didn't it?
Sherlock rolled his eyes, "It's not supposed to be fair, it's supposed to be fun."
John nodded, "But that doesn't mean it'll stay like this, will it?"
"You coming?"
"Friggin' hell," He choked out, "Why'd you start doing
"What're you thinking about?" Sherlock cut in.
"Well, I certainly like being around you. Sometimes."
be? Sherlock was gorgeous.
"Don't think I'm letting you go, John."
John squinted his eyes, “Is this the time to bring this up?”
It felt like he shouldn't have even been there. His feet didn’t land right, the dust around him didn't settle right.
"Whatever." He flicked his cigarette onto the carpet, "Keep denying yourself then."
"It'll put my mind at ease."
"Then what's it about?"
"I'm not- Sherlock, I'm not trying to be close."
"You're insufferable."
"All you need is a dress."
All of it made John dizzy. All of the ice and warm blood. Sherlock looking at him like he was seeing right through him. He looked like he wouldn’t stop until John was completely gone. Until John was someone else.
"Sherlock."
"You know the answer to that."
.) all of it was worth reprimand. All of it was something he didn’t deserve.
“So, all of this was planned?”
"If I was the one who jumped, if you had to watch, if I came back and claimed I was doing it to protect you, how would you react?"
Sherlock nodded into his shoulder, "Goodnight, John."
“You can’t?” Was all Sherlock said.
Sherlock shook his head, "Not interested in filling my head with predictable plots and sharp jawlines."
"You gonna sit, or just stare at me?"
A smile was on John's face even as it faced the floor, "Maybe." He sighed, " I don't know."
John didn't know what to do. One second he thought of confronting Sherlock, and the next he reasoned he should leave him alone. Sherlock didn't want him after all.
"Look at you, perfect little housewife, aren't you?" He took another drag.
Sherlock gave a heavy sigh, "I don't like who I live with."
“Don’t think I’m others anymore.”
John's heart shattered, and he wished he had done this in person just so he could hug Sherlock.
John was sure everyone was looking at them. Oh, how people would talk the day after. Boring, good boy John Watson running off with Sherlock Holmes. Story of the ages.
"Hey, Kiddo." His dad slurred, "Wonder if you had any cash?" He stumbled into John's room and leaned against the wall.
"Just shit happening at my house. Rather be here."
Sherlock snorted before clinging to a cigarette by his teeth, "Dunno if I would call it that," Delicate hands clicked a spark and lit the end.
"Just a second ago you were gushing about me."
"You're frowning." Sherlock said, reaching for the pack of cigarettes he left on the bedside table.
"Oh?" Sherlock's head cocked just slightly, "How's that?"
He nodded, fishing his phone out of his pocket and handing it over to John.
“I’m… not sure.” He looked down at the tray, a light wood with pale blue plates in different sized placed upon it. He had made simple eggs, bacon, and pancakes, but the fact that they had been made for Sherlock and brought to him like a stupid whirlwind-love kind of movie… It was unreal.
“I can’t…"He pushed Sherlock to arms length.  "I shouldn’t be doing this.” Sherlock just looked at him, his gaze shifting from spring showers to harsh winter with just those few words. John's shirt fell like a curtain, shutting down the show.
"It hasn't been that long." Sherlock replied, his voice quiet and eyes closed.
"Maybe we should just stay on the couch." Sherlock said, panting into John's neck.
"Obviously for me. Tell me, John Watson, who have you dealt with that reminds you of me?"
Sherlock frowned but followed John out of the cab. John obviously wasn’t going to entertain the idea of going back to a hotel, and there wasn’t really another option.
Sherlock teased the idea of taking a shower himself, but the thought of it made him want to sleep. Everything made him want to sleep, honestly, and funny enough, that was the one thing he couldn't get ahold of. John wasn't sleeping either, but Sherlock was pretty sure that was because he was worried he would run off again.
"So, you saved me, then?"
Sherlock took a breath, "I know."
I swear, I would've thrown something at him if he hadn't come back from the dead (he didn't come back from the dead, he never was dead). I had an urge to stomp my feet and kick a wall. I balled my fists instead.
John swallowed, "Why did you go with her?”
John was sure his heart stopped along with the rest of the school. People would have a goddamn field day with this.
"I didn't know…I didn't know you still saw your dad."
Sherlock stayed there. Didn't move for a good 30 seconds in complete silence. John looked around, then back to Sherlock.
John couldn't get close enough. He couldn't get
"Boring."
"Hey, what?"
Sherlock shrugged, "Nice way to keep occupied."
"Sleazy works for some people."
John rolled his eyes, "Now, tell me about you."
"Are you gonna tell me what happened, or are you just gonna be irritatingly vague?"
John did a breathy laugh, "The one you use when you try to convince me to kiss you."
"So you didn't just let him boss you around, you let him run off to get
can't just run away from our problems.”
John held onto the ledge, his foot every now and again bouncing off the side of the wall. Sherlock looked out over the city. Under both of them, cars were driving about, people were going home after long nights, lights were changing and midnight busses were on their last drive of the night. Puddles were splashed under wheels and feet, voices carried over the rain-cut air. Sherlock flicked his cigarette and the ash fell down, down, down, into the water on the sidewalk beneath him.
On the ride back, John felt something he never had before. His heart was too big for his chest, and a smile was glued to his face. John felt like he was in a world all of his own when he was with Sherlock. A world no one could touch.
"You have to leave, or hide." John whispered harshly.
After a moment, John reached for it and flicked the ash onto the floor for him. Then kissed him. Then did it again. Then he kissed everywhere he could reach. His cheek, his jaw, his lips.
"And get caught by my sister, or better yet, my dad."
John let his arm fall across his stomach, "They all look like lumpy clouds. That's boring."
Sherlock smirked and John didn't know if he wanted to punch him or kiss him.
"You look like a stuffed animal."
"I don't think it's a smart idea to inhale smoke, and tar, and who knows what else, into my lungs."
"That's never stopped you before."
Sherlock kicked him lightly, "I can still get you fired."
"Especially me. Of course I want to know."
His face was the same wide, open window Sherlock had come to know, always the opposite of the wild frame Sherlock knew about himself.
And I felt angry. I wanted to tear the whole flat apart for no other reason than to destroy something. I felt like a storm, like a tragedy, like a force of nature that got kicked up after bad air pressure, and John— John was the source. John was the reason I felt like this.
Sherlock.
"Haven't dealt with me."
"I don't know James Dean, and I don't want to if it meant not getting to know you."
“So that’s a no, then?”
John kept his shoulders squared as Sherlock stepped closer and lifted John's head. His fingers were cold on his chin. John tried not to shiver.
My voice spiked then, "I'm asking you, John," I said with an edge coating the words. It was barely a change, barely able to be noticed, but it shook the room all the same.
The last one :,)
"So everything's just okay? We're just moving on?"
He rode around in a cab just to get the feeling of London back under his skin. He needed it after all this time. He felt too loose, too detached from what was once his whole world.
John's heart stopped. He knew it. He knew it from the start. John was nothing to Sherlock, while Sherlock ended up being everything to him.
The space between them was too wide, but John still wanted to push him back. He still wanted to push Sherlock out of his life...Get himself away from anything flammable.
John nodded again, "Right. What if it does?"
“I would probably break up with her anyway,” John said, “I don’t think we work.”
“Never said you were.” John said, "Is that what you're brooding about?"
John smiled a bit, "Sherlock, you don't have to be alone."
