Dean sighed and put his head back against the roof of his car. The words slipped out of his mouth unbidden.
That makes the corners of his mouth turn up. He’s glad his brother’s here. But he’s not fit for company, tonight. He waves Sam off.
Cas laughs and falls into him, arms akimbo and mouth already searching.
being weird,
am?” He purses his lips and glares at Sam’s slack jawed face.
He heads over to the grill, deliberately ignoring both Sam and Cas who are
“You know, Cas, if you helped build this thing for me, you could at least come down and give me some company while I’m driving.” He grinned, but there was something feral in it. “But maybe that would be too hard. No, makes
But he is not about to let Cas take control of this conversation. Dean is furious. How
Castiel grins but doesn’t stop staring. This is his time, a gift he’d been given. And Castiel will be damned —
“MMmquit.” Is what he ends up saying, but it’s muffled against that familiar trench.
Dean lets out a bark of laughter before filling in the rest of Cas’ stunted question.
Sam wonders if he’ll ever stop being angry on his brother’s behalf.
“You told me you loved me and then you
“Shut up.”
“Okay. I don’t like it, but…”
“It’s just… I’ve still only seen him the one time after I got here. What’s he been up to?” If Dean doesn’t know, then there’s something weird going on. Sam’s always been a little jealous at how connected Cas is to Dean, not in a horrible way, but sometimes he wonders if it’s another thing he missed out on thanks to Azazel’s interference. He shakes his head to clear out the thoughts. These are just longstanding insecurities that bubble up, he reminds himself.
Dean is breathing heavy and his shoulder is burning and he is tired of looking at trees and dirt and road and he wants to talk to his best friend.
“Beautiful?” He asks, before continuing. “Cas… Cas.... I never wanted to see this place again. This is where –” his voice breaks, and he clears his throat. He takes a deep breath and wipes at his eyes, pulling away from Cas. “This is where I left you. This is – Cas, I don’t want to revisit that. The minute you came back, I never thought of it again. It was Zen and calm and it was … another memorial. I’ve lost you too many times to want to go back there.”
Dean Winchester is asleep and Castiel is staring.
There was no response but a rush of wind, some leaves falling and hitting the glass in front of his face.
“Honestly, this was an anomaly. An old prisoner, a prisoner gone so long that we’d all forgotten him, escaped and there was a very small skirmish—”
Finally, Cas opens his eyes and there’s regret —
“You can say that again, it’s like noon, I think.” Dean glances at the bright day outside the window.
It’s something he still thinks with unsettling frequency. When Dean first came to heaven, Castiel felt more human than he had in years. He felt angry that Dean had died in such a painful, senseless manner. Helpless and frustrated — if he’d only been there, he could have saved him. And anxious. Castiel felt anxious. It was not a feeling he was accustomed to in this new heaven that Jack had created, of all places.
He watched Dean drive, he heard Dean when he spoke to him. And when he yelled. Even at his angriest, he was still so beautiful.
. Cas is in and out as frequently as he wants to be, but he’s not living there. He has — Dean isn’t exactly clear on it all, angel quarters? At some point, Cas is going to have to come clean about what his life outside of Dean is like, but Dean’s not ready for that.
Dean punches the angel in the chin.
Cas turns and lifts his hands to Dean’s face, his fingers rough against Dean’s skin. He cracks a grin and rubs his thumbs along the hard lines of Dean’s cheekbones.
more sense for you to disappear off the face of the goddamn earth and never talk to me again. Actions speak louder and all that crap. Thanks, Cas. Cheers.” He lifted his bottle to the sky and shot it a dirty look.
“Sam… are these…. friggin’ turkey burgers?!”
He resisted the urge to pull the neck of his shirt down to look for a mark — there wasn’t anything there. No scar, no shadow, no nothing. Just a phantom pain, a remnant of something that was.
, have a family, be happy, and die an old, old man. He knows that even though it wasn’t the life he thought he’d wanted… it was still a good life.
Dean takes a deep breath and smiles, but it doesn’t reach his eyes.
Dean didn’t think too deeply about why he’d bypassed seeing his folks. His family had always been the most important thing in the world to him. The most important thing outside of it, too. But he wasn’t sure he wanted to think about what family was, anymore.
to Sam before heading back up the stairs.
“Yes,” Cas is saying. “I stay at Dean’s sometimes.”
not a script leak making me come back and add a friggin chapter to this bc this show ended six months ago and still HASN'T LET ME LIVE kind of like dean i'm so sorry
Sam backs away from the door and walks down the hall towards the sounds in the kitchen. He can’t
His shoulders tense slightly, and he puts up a hand with a deep grunt of acknowledgment. It was easy to talk about the people he fell into on the road with Sam because they hadn’t mattered. This mattered, this involved hearts and lives and happiness and how did you put that into words?
“No, no you’re right. Sorry. It’s fine. Go back home, see your girl. I’m gonna drink myself stupid, tonight, that is for sure.”
He should have known. Or guessed, at least. On a list of least surprising developments, this should have been at the top.
Sam’s here now and Heaven is different. A good different, a
“I’d hoped more of this.”
“Good morning. I think your bacon is burning.”
Cas’ grip on his hand tightens and Dean forces himself to look at him.
“Hey Cas, did you base this on those gas station pies? Where’d this recipe come from? Whose grandma did you rip off?”
“I don’t think you needed this level of reality, bud.” He let out a small, rueful laugh. “But I guess what’s existence without some flaws. Boring?”
sometimes.
There is something in Dean that he has never named. Under the fear and the self-loathing. Not a part of those things, no, but hidden by them. Something that could define what he feels when he looks at Cas and when Cas holds his hand or touches his face.
“This is where I came back to Earth.” He says into Dean’s ear. “To you.”
Then everything goes deathly still, and someone is sitting next to him.
“What in the hell – ” Dean rubs a hand behind his head and looks out at his backyard. It mostly looks the same as he had when he and Cas had gone to bed. There’s a pile of lumber and some wooden boards for the shed that was coming up in pieces in the front yard. His cooler is still out there, and the low chairs he had for when he wanted to fall asleep in the sun without waking up with a crick in his neck. But… he did not know what to do about the space just beyond what he thought of as his property.
Dean’s head swivels towards Sam, brow furrowed.
“Back here!” And crosses his arms while he waits. Sam’s footsteps fall heavy behind him and Dean hears his sharp intake of breath.
“Cas is fine, he’s doing angel stuff with Jack. They’re still in the process of rebuilding the ranks, I think.”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek to keep from teasing his little brother about being whipped too badly. There was time for all that.
The rest of the day passes uneventfully. Eileen joins them for
“Good.”
“I don’t know, you’re being weird, Dean.”
At Cas’ voice, Dean’s head whips around and he stares at the love of his very being. Cas is looking at the windmill, but he doesn’t seem horrified. He seems … happy. His eyes are crinkling, and he’s smiling that smile that Dean adores.
They get to the door, which wouldn’t open yesterday, but doesn’t seem to be an issue now that Cas is here. Inside, it’s surprisingly cozy. Dean looks around, it doesn’t not remind him of his room in the Men of Letters bunker, if cleaner and warmer. There’s a bed, a desk. Dean sees a tape deck and bites back a strange laugh.
A few days after he’d left Bobby — or maybe hours or weeks, Bobby was right, time was
“I’m not sure what’s happening right now.”
“We do.”
“I’m glad I could help you.” Cas pauses, and he holds Dean’s eyes, unflinching. “It makes my fall matter.”
Dean’s already falling back into it, mouth open slightly, arm heavy and comfortable on Castiel’s chest.
It’s been some time since Cas showed up in the Impala, and they’ve settled back into familiar territory. He comes and goes, gives Dean space when he needs it or if there’s some big ass angel emergency that Dean is
A fluttering of wind breaks the quiet and there’s a heavy hand on his shoulder.
“I don’t want an apology. I’m not — I’m not trying to bring up crap for the sake of what was or what shoulda been. I’m — Cas, I’m, look, Cas you saw me. I’m trying to say you spent 3 minutes with me and saw right into my damned soul.”
“This is my ideal weekend, dude. Good beer, great movies, all day couch time? Sign me up. That’s heaven.”
Sam’s voice carries from the front, likely standing on his front porch wondering why Dean wasn’t answering the door. Dean grimaces and isn’t sure if he should answer. Not sure if he wants Sam to see –
“But?”
Cas walks into the kitchen, hair tousled and eyes somehow sleepier than usual.
Sam looks taken aback for just a second before his face scrunches into that stubborn set Dean has seen looking back at him a million times.
“I’m good, Dean.”
just imagine it and make it show up on the table, but he also needs ways to spend his time, he needs to be
“I think that can be arranged.”
“I’m sorry, Castiel. That’s not for me to answer. Dean’s brought something with him, but don’t worry. He’ll figure it out. It’s Dean.”
He can feel Cas shifting, but keeps staring resolutely ahead.
Dean stills and thinks back to who he was then, and the anger he’d held, and the judgment. He finishes pouring his cup and lifts the mug, then he turns and leans back to look at Cas. Cas who just a short while earlier was doing things with him Dean never could have fathomed on Earth. He takes a deep breath.
“In here!” he calls out to who he assumes is Cas, pleased at how steady his voice sounds. He doesn’t feel steady.
Cas’ brow furrows.
Dean jumps back from the stove and shoves a stinging finger into his mouth. He’s trying to make bacon. He
“Do you think you knew then? Do you think you felt this?” In an uncharacteristic show of nerves, Cas digs at the table, distracting Dean for a split second. “I think
Dean slept in heaven. He didn’t need to, but he liked it. He liked being able to sleep and not having nightmares. He liked that he could disappear for a while into — no, not emptiness, but into a place where he didn’t have to feel anything but stillness. One morning, he rubbed the sleep from his eyes, he’d been laid long across the front seat, and he pulled his legs up and under to get back to sitting position. His bones creaked. Why were his bones creaking in friggin’ heaven?
He’s there now, sitting, content, the heat of the sun roasting the back of his neck, the hum of wind in the grass and bugs fluttering over the water provides a soundtrack he can fall asleep to. He hasn’t caught anything since he started doing this, but it doesn’t really matter. It’s not about the catch. It’s about turning it all off.
A few days later, Dean’s in the garage next to his home, legs sticking out from under a battered old Ford. He thinks back to Cas’ question about time. Dean wanted a clock because Dean wanted normalcy, and the life he didn’t get to have on earth. That meant time, and limits, and small things going wrong. So that the good things could matter.
It’s the same reason he started working on cars again. What do you do when there’s all the time in the world, but a limited amount of action? How do you keep going?
“You were gone.” Dean answers, and then kisses him again before continuing. “Who would I pray to?”
The two of them are right next to each other, Dean’s little finger has already brushed against the cotton of Castiel’s coat. His shoulder doesn’t hurt anymore.
Dean got back into the Impala and kept driving. His shoulder burned.
“Cas.”
“Dean, I’ve always seen you.”
, Dean thinks, and then laughs to himself. He's about to make a terrible, very stupid joke when Cas starts speaking.
“I think you and I can categorically say that this is not hell, Dean. Besides, I thought you liked this place. Isn’t that why you picked it for Cas?”
here — he pulled over and got out to stretch his legs. He stood on the gravel on the edge of the asphalt, twisting his head this way and that, pulling kinks out of his joints. The quiet pops sounded loud as hell in the still of his new world. He leaned against his car and looked up at the sky that Jack had built.
“Never mind, eat your bacon.”
But Dean still hasn’t learned to get those thoughts out from his heart and into his head. No, instead, they go straight to his tongue to be weaponized. To be protection.
“I trust you. I love you — I’ll… wait. I’ll wait here. But if you don’t come back one day, Jack sure as hell better know that I will reign goddamn fury down on whoever takes you away. Friggin’ angels and all.”
Dean’s okay with the quiet when it’s his choice. Welcomes it, even.
STILL GOIN'. This is a very short one, and maybe I'll do a Winchester boys have a deeper conversation chapter about this later, but wanted to get this scene out of my head and onto the page because I have been laughing for days at how ornery Dean would get if Sam tried to have a conversation about his ~feelings~.
There were strange little ways that heaven fell into the uncanny valley. Dean didn’t get hungry anymore. But that didn’t stop him from eating as many burgers and pie as he wanted. He was at a picnic table on an incline looking over a breathtaking view. A rushing river, a waterfall, and there was an honest-to-God viewfinder like he was just a tourist on a solo road trip to find himself. Whatever the fuck that meant.
“Hello, Dean.”
you to ask me?”
“Does Time have a hot sister?” This time his grin is shit-eating and he waits, but Cas just stares at him blankly.
“I’m sure you did what you could, Cas. It’s right now that matters, anyway.”
“I have…” there’s an awkwardness in Cas’ speech that Dean’s not accustomed to – Cas’ conversational cadence has pauses and hesitations as a rule, but they mean he’s considering the best way to move forward. This feels like something else. Dean turns his whole body towards Cas now, looking at him expectantly, but biting his tongue to give Cas whatever time he needs. Cas gives him an inscrutable look and then changes tracks entirely. “Can we go inside?”
His whisper was rough and angry. He bit his lip to stop himself. He shook his head and spoked again.
He’d died solving one of John’s old cases. The irony was not lost on Dean. He didn’t want to be honest with himself, but there wasn’t much else to do these days. So, when he thought about it, he thought about it with regret. And he thought about it with frustration. And he thought about it with anger. He’d wanted to live.
“Let’s get you up.”
That’s definitely not a road he’s planning on going down any time soon, and so instead, he’s trying to make bacon.
It’s jarring to Dean that they can have such incompatible responses to this singular space. But he wants to see it from Cas’ side. He thinks he might be on the cusp of understanding.
He hears the Impala before he sees it, gunning down the road, dust cloud behind it. The black metal shines against the sun in a way it almost hurts to look at.
“That was the welcome I had anticipated.”
“Dean, I was just saying I’m happy for you.”
— if he ever gives this up.
“And the…?”
“There is one more reason.” Cas says, and he’s turned and grinning widely at Dean now. His eyes have disappeared into slivers and the apples of his cheeks are rounding. Then he’s got Dean’s hand tightly in his and is pulling him in for an embrace.
“Dude. I’m fine.”
“And you think I’m handsome, too. Otherwise you wouldn’t—” Dean stands up, grabs Cas’ hand again, and pulls him towards the house. He hears Cas’ rough laughter from behind him.
“Alright, man. Let me know if you need anything, though, okay? Is Cas coming by soon?” Sam asks, not even pretending to be subtle. Dean glares at him.
“Ah, not sure, maybe?” Dean answers, the line thrown behind him carelessly. Sam wonders, though. He follows through the house, down the stairs, and presses on.
He braces his feet against the ground to slide out from the undercarriage, wiping the grease from his hands before standing.
Cas comes closer and takes Dean’s hand, running a finger over the burn to heal it.
“Okay, chuckles, you and me. I’ve killed things that eat you for breakfast, let’s see what you got.” He laughs at his own joke.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Sammy.” He says and puts a hand up in a wave without turning around.
Cas says it in a million different ways and Dean loves all of them, even when they make him melancholy. But one day, he’s standing in front of his house, arms crossed, surveying the land. He’s thinking about building a shed, somewhere he can work with his hands in solitude if he wants it. Smaller than a garage that fits a few cars. The sun is hot on his scalp and he has to squint to really look around – the glare on the water of the lake nearly hurts to look at.
Instead, he just groaned a little and rolled his eyes.
Sam notices the, as they say, phrasing.
“Isn’t it beautiful? I made it yesterday.”
exchanging looks behind his back. Dicks.
“You know what I mean. I’m good. I’ll be happy and right down the road. I’ll come for dinner and Eileen will be thrilled to have you to herself again.” They were sitting on Sam’s porch, and Eileen was in the backyard. Dean realized she’d left with a significant look at Sam and a furious run of signing. “Did she
Dean isn’t sure why Cas still wears the suit and the tie and the trench coat. Maybe it’s just how he’s comfortable? He knows he can ask, but he’ll wait. He opens his eyes and steals a look at the angel. He puts a comfortable hand on top of Cas’ in acknowledgment.
till Dean comes clean about this.
, Cas.”
He’d wanted a
There’s a tenor of sadness in it, and it gives him pause. He turns his head and gives Cas a quick grin over his shoulder. Cas looks as he ever does, blue eyes and rough chin, but he’s smiling back and Dean wonders if he heard what he thought he heard.
Dean shrugs noncommittedly and walks over to sit in the chair next to Cas, he places the mug on the table with a heavy
“Whatever, it was funny.” He pushes the recliner back, knees popping as he stands. “Alright, I’ll get out of your hair. But we’re picking this back up tomorrow. Don’t be a bitch about it.”
indeed. By the time Dean makes it across the threshold of the door, Cas is sitting in one of the old armchairs Dean furnished the room with. It’s one of a pair that looks out the window onto the lake and it’s one hell of a view, no matter what time of day it is. Cas is staring out into the scene and Dean thinks that these days he can appreciate a view. He smiles to himself and shakes his head, trying to get back to the matter at hand. Then he settles into the other chair and pours a shot of whiskey into one of the glasses still sitting on table between them. He picks it up and swirls it once before taking a sip. Cas still hasn’t said anything. Dean finally can’t hold it in any longer – honestly, it’s impressive he stayed quiet this long.
“I know,” he says before it all. “I know.”
Dean starts and turns to him.
, I mean, I’ll wait for him to tell me. Maybe I’ll push a little. We’ll see. We know how Dean is.”
Dean's trying to make bacon. He could just imagine it and make it show up on the table, but he also needs ways to spend his time, he needs to be doing sometimes.
“I watched Jack listening to prayers the other day – he doesn’t engage,” he says quickly, at Dean’s look, “He just listens. But it made me wonder… and not for the first time… I’ve thought a lot about why you didn’t pray for help.” He furrows his brow. “Why didn’t you?” he continues, his head tilting to the right and his eyes narrowing. Dean pulls him close again.
“Don’t do that, don’t dick around like you don’t know what I mean. This is hard enough as it is.”
“And that’s why I named the dog Miracle. I don’t know if you saw him, or watched us, but he was a good dog, Cas.”
much. Cas, the soldier, wounded and in my house.”
Dean repeats his words back to him sarcastically.
Sam stretches his hands up to the ceiling and cracks his neck.
“I’m sorry for that.”
“What the
“Okay, Dean.”
“They’re good, Dean. More freckles. I’m glad the sun works like we wanted it to.”
Dean’s okay with the quiet when it’s his choice. Welcomes it, even.
Sam gestures that he’s going to take a look around back and Dean reaches for the gun that should be at his waist. But of course, it’s not there. Who needs it in heaven?
“Cas thought it was a funny, quote-recognition of American societal issues-unquote.”
“What?” Dean spits the word out, desperate.
“I should have said something earlier.”
“Great, something I missed
. And you matter to me. You —” he falters, takes a quick glance at Cas and then clears his throat once. He will get this out. “I love you.” He rushes ahead then, filling the space with words before it can go all empty in the worst way. In the heaviest way. “I didn’t know what it meant, I didn’t know it was going to be you, I was so damn scared. And you? A friggin’ angel? A celestial being. What’s love to an angel? Sure you were a human for like four seconds, but what can my love mean to—”
Dean narrows his eyes at her. "What is that supposed to mean?"
"What the hell did I do!?"
has been put in his head either way). The only way he knows it happened for real is that she doesn't kiss him except for one small peck on the cheek, a barely there ghosting of flesh of flesh just for the benefit of fooling their friends.
When they break apart, Cas says, “I still want it.” It isn’t a soft declaration; if anything, it sounds far more authoritative, like the Castiel of old, the one who was resolute in his mission, whether it be on behalf of Heaven, free will, or the Winchesters themselves. It also earns him a laugh from Dean, who continues to lean into him, hands clutching like he never intends to let go, which is fine by Cas.
Dean pulls back enough to look her in the eyes. "Hey, no, don't apologize. I was acting fishy, I get that. But I hope you know I would never cheat on you. I really, really like you, Anna."
Castiel furrows his brow. “What for?”
Cas's shoulders are still unnaturally stiff when he says, “I wouldn't worry too much about it, Dean.” He misses the disappointed frown that crosses Dean's face when he turns back to his computer. Dean had hoped they were past the lying to each other and keeping secrets thing. He goes back to reading the comic, feeling slightly sick to his stomach.
“I was unsure if you’d want to see me,” he admits, trying to keep his voice as level as possible.
Dorothy quirks an eyebrow and smirks. "You so sure about that?"
Castiel searches Dean’s eyes. “I don’t understand,” he says, because while he thinks maybe he does, wants to believe he does, he’s also so incredibly terrified to let himself hope.
"I was just trying to see how you were," she mumbles, eyes downcast.
He directs a shy smile at his desk. "Thank you, Anna."
“You’d rather be traipsing off with Dean,” Balthazar plows on, not even stopping to acknowledge what Cas has just said.
“Of course. Besides, it’s not like he went out of his way to hurt me, and I broke up with him.”
When he walks in the door, it’s to the smell of bacon and the sounds of the television blaring some video game or another. It’s comforting in the way only home can be.
She frowns in sympathy, sidling up next to him, shoulders brushing. "He didn't tell any of us. Maybe he didn't know?"
He jumps as a knock sounds at his door, followed by his grandmother asking, “Castiel, are you in there?”
He goes to answer; his voice only comes out as a rough croak; he clears his throat and tries again. “Hey, Mom.”
know something?”
Dorothy and Charlie look at each other and then back at him, saying in tandem, “It’s pretty obvious.”
"You don't say." Dorothy is giving him an assessing look, as though she's analyzing him for quality control of the gay population of Lawrence High.
The rest of the walk to the cafeteria is spent discussing how the first day is going so far, as well as Dorothy and Charlie regaling Castiel with tales of what happened and who did who at the party Friday night.
“So imagine my surprise when I wake up this morning to find you gone without a word,” Balthazar says in place of a greeting. He says it casually, but Cas can hear the traces of hurt and accusation simmering just underneath.
So, instead of commenting, Cas doesn't respond at all, letting the girls do all the talking as he takes a long pull of his beer. This only works so long before Dean starts shooting him questioning glances before finally straight out asking, "Dude, what's wrong with you?"
The whole way through the double date, Dean is habitually checking his phone, and every time he does, there are no missed calls or messages. He tries to tell himself that he's glad and that it's a good thing. After all, that means they're having a good time right? Dean's happy for them. Now, if only that didn't sound so sarcastic every time he tells himself that.
He turns up the music as Charlie slumps in the backseat and Cas shoots her a pitying (though no less smug) look.
The next morning, it's like nothing ever happened. They're all back to joking and hanging out like they always have, not an issue between them. They get up and have a stupidly-early-for-a-Saturday breakfast before Charlie heads off down the street to her house and Dean drives Cas home.
Dean flushes. “I did not!”
Charlie huffs out a pout. "Dean Winchester, I swear to God that if you tell me you're busy tonight, I will make your life hell, and I'll recruit Sam to help for when I'm not around."
“Dean,” Mary says softly, but he can’t tell what emotion is in her voice, “can I talk now?”
"Don't you want to see me this weekend?" Anna simpers playfully.
“But... But I asked him, you know, what was wrong with you. I could tell he was lying.”
“Dean!”
set you and Anna up! He isn't going to come between you guys! God! Some best friends you are!"
As soon as the boy sits, Anna turns her smile to the rest of the table. "Guys, this is Balthazar. His family moved in next door to mine at the start of the summer."
This time it's Dorothy who bites out, "Dean!" arms immediately going around her taken-aback girlfriend.
"I'm not doing anything!" she protests.
The anvil drops down into his stomach.
(See the end of the chapter for
She purses her lips. "You know you forgot to call Dean, right?"
Everyone looks at her with differing shades of expectancy.
"Dude, what's wrong with you?" he finally asks. The last thing he expects is the vicious glare Cas sets on him, so harsh it knocks the breath out of Dean. They stare at each other for what feels like hours, awkward silence crackling between them, completely oblivious to the party raging around them.
Castiel can’t meet her eyes as he says, “Yeah, probably, it was a stupid fight anyway.”
The room falls back into silence, and Cas is almost certain Dean is asleep until he hears his best friend ask, "You really like him, huh?"
The rest of August and September fly by Dean in a rush of schoolwork, standardized tests, and hanging out with his friends. Turns out, senior year is actually a thousand times better than he ever would have guess it would be based on how it started out. He even manages to find a way to get along with Balthazar, thanks to Dorothy reminding him that he had once hated her, too. Granted, dealing with Balthazar is still harder than dealing with Dorothy ever was, but he's trying. Besides, Cas seems genuinely happy with the guy, so Dean has no choice but to bite his tongue on the matter, especially since they're all planning on going to homecoming together. Or, that's what he thought the plan was, at least.
Castiel would like to say that at some point after Dean and Anna’s breakup life went back to normal, that he picked back up his individual friendships with both people and carried on with life while maintaining his own relationship. He’d love to say that, really, but he can’t.
“I don’t know,” he confesses. He finds her the easiest to speak to, for she, after all, has the least connection to the Winchesters out of anyone else in his life. Kelly was always more his friend than Sam or Dean’s, perhaps the only person for whom that was true.
She smiles brightly. "Yup!"
"S'cool."
(See the end of the chapter for
Once home, Dean falls face first into his bed, burying his face into his pillows. He just lays there a moment, marinating in his own misery. He doesn't move until he hears his text tone go off. He roots around blindly for his phone before he remembers he put it in his overnight bag. He turns his head to look across the room, and sure enough, there's the bag, sitting by his bedroom door. He contemplates not moving, but then the phone goes off again. He pushes himself out of bed, shuffling across the room in his socked feet to retrieve the obnoxious thing. When he checks it, there's two messages from Anna.
He hates it, but since there's really not a good reason for that, Dean plays dumb. "What're you talking about, Charlie?"
Dean basically pouts at her. “I still don’t understand what made it so obvious.”
They slip back through the house, specifically avoiding the living room turned dance floor at Cas's request, and once they reach the sanctuary of April's old, blue Honda, only then does he pull out his phone to shoot Charlie a text saying he isn't feeling well and went home. They're about halfway down the road when Charlie's response of "hope u feel better. call if u need anythng" comes through, but he doesn't respond and simply pockets his phone once more.
!@#$%^&*()_+
Castiel nods. "Yes, and Anna and I are spending Sunday studying."
Balthazar is still going on, probably listing all the ways in which Castiel has failed as a boyfriend. But all of this has ceased to matter.
“I'm fine with it, really,” she says while they lean against the trunk of the Impala in the parking lot. “It didn't mean that much to me.”
"That I don't know. You'll have to ask him yourself." Her voice is soft as she answers, hand going to rest on his forearm.
Anna smiles sardonically. “He didn’t tell you? Guess he wouldn’t, it would lead to you asking questions he probably felt he couldn’t answer. But yes, I broke up with him. I could see how he felt for you, and it just wasn’t fair to any of us for me to hold on, you know?”
Balthazar grins. "I'm glad." When he brushes his knuckles against Castiel's cheek before cupping Cas's jaw, a pleasant shiver runs down Cas's spine, erupting chillbumps all across his skin. "I would very much like to kiss you now, if that is okay," Balthazar murmurs, eyes half-lidded as they dart between Cas's eyes and his mouth.
This has Dean shooting upright. “I resent that!”
Dean quickly looks over the counter, sees nothing that looks like pancakes - beginnings or endings of them - and feels a surge of affection and gratitude. He nods. “Thanks, mom.”
Balthazar chuckles warmly. "Then I'll tell you all about it tomorrow. Go enjoy your sleep over, and I'll pick you up at eleven tomorrow."
Cas’s smile pulls wider, something warm and soft expanding in his chest as he says, “So I see.”
“Of course!”
“Fine. Balthazar and I are…. I don’t know, not fighting, but we’re not really not fighting either.”
Throwing her head back against the bed and covering her face with her notes, Anna groans so loudly in frustration that one might even consider it a shout. "I can't do this anymore," she whines, "I think I've stared at this so long that I've forgotten who built the pyramids!"
As Charlie's breathing evens out, guilt claws up Dean's insides. Is he still being a shitty friend? The thought makes him want to hit something! It seems like no matter what he does, he keeps hurting Cas. Well, not anymore! Dean vows to himself that he's going to do everything in his power to be the supportive best friend Cas deserves. Besides, it's their last year together before they're off to college. Does Dean really want to waste it in a string of pretty fights? The answer is of course not, yet Dean still can't get over this feeling. He's about resolved to go and get Cas so they can talk this out when the door opens again, and Cas silently makes his way across the room to his blanket pile. Something twists in Dean's gut, making him feel sick. Is Cas really happy? Does he really like that sleaze bag?
He doesn’t lay in the floor wallowing for as long as he’d honestly like to. Eventually, the girls will wake up, and he doesn’t think he can face them. Worse still, he doesn’t think he can face Charlie’s parents when they realize Dorothy stayed over and that there are more than a few beers missing from the fridge in the garage. So, he braves the sunlight and the harrowing journey of sneaking back to his own house.
He turns his attention back to Charlie when she says, “Hoo boy then, let’s get started! How about we begin with the fact that you were obsessed with him when we were five? You couldn’t stand for him to be out of your sight.”
Dorothy just smiles and takes a sip of her own beer in answer.
By the time Dean pulls up in front of Castiel's house to drop him off, Cas feels set to vibrate out of his own skin. Somehow though, it all stops the moment Cas turns to Dean to say goodbye. There's something so serious in the other boy's expression as he tells Cas he hopes he has a good time, and it leaves Castiel grasping at straws, somehow feeling both comforted that his friend finally seems to be making an effort about all this, as well as scared at just what the depth of such an expression means. It all leaves the air in the car feeling charged.
Anna doesn’t acknowledge his presence, but he refuses to let that deter him.
that he knows, rationally, isn’t really, fully about Balthazar in the end. He tries to convince himself that Balthazar sitting somewhere else for lunch without a word is not the same as his father dropping him off at his grandmother’s one day and then driving off. Mostly, he winds up succeeding. In the end, he doesn’t feel great, but he does feel less like throwing up and more like he can handle things in a mature manner.
Cas turns to fully face her, a levity in his heart that he hasn't felt in months. "I think everything is going to be okay," he tells her.
Mary chuckles softly. “Of course.”
Dean punches him softly in the shoulder. “Hey, it’s nothing. You know I’m here for you.”
Dean's summer rocks, all the way up until Friday night. He spends it mostly with Anna, who he honestly can't thank Cas enough for introducing him to. She's beautiful, smart, and a firecracker in the bedroom (or the back of the Impala, as the case often is). Sam is a little shit who constantly cracks jokes about
“You already said ‘brilliant,’” Dorothy says.
"Yes, because unlike
Anna shakes her head and plasters on a weak excuse for a smile. "No, not really. I just... I don't know... I think he's not that into me."
“May I come in?”
Rage wells up in him white and hot, and then he's ripping his arm out of his girlfriend's grasp, rounding on her like a wild, wounded animal. "What was
But the last Friday before senior year, Lisa Braeden throws a giant house party. Normally, Dean would be all for a chance to get three-sheets-to-the-wind wasted before he has to start back to homework and tests, but this year is a little different. He knows before he even asks that Anna won't go. Anna Milton does not go to parties, and that's one large difference between her and Cas. Cas will at least attend and act like a somewhat normal high school student, but Anna swears that the "underage fraternization" is what separates those that get accepted to Brown from those that go to KU.
The voice of the operator picks up, “Is not available to take you call right now. Please leave a message after the tone.”
The next morning, Dean heads home feeling miserable. He and Cas had stayed up a good portion of the night, and while Cas apparently feels better at the prospect of having sex with his boyfriend, Dean definitely doesn't, especially with knowing the two are going out today. He can't get the idea out of his head that Balthazar's “special” way of asking Cas to homecoming involves his dick.
Dean’s a little hazy on numbers right now - things like what time is is and what number beer he’s just polished off evading him - which is why he’s so eternally grateful for cellphones. He doesn’t have to remember Castiel’s phone number; all he has to do is press that nice little call button while Cas’s name is highlighted. He’d wanted to text, but fuuuuuuuuuuuck, numbers ain’t got shit on letters.
Dean takes Anna to homecoming the next day with no one the wiser to their breakup. Hell, for a second, Dean almost thinks he dreamed up the whole thing (which wouldn't actually make anything better since the thought of Cas like
Castiel can’t tamp down the giddy feeling quickly expanding in his chest. “I’d really like that, yeah.”
"Still not feeling well?"
This sucks.
Castiel suddenly has a terrible case of cottonmouth.
"Good morning, Anna!" Castiel greets cheerfully as he slides into his seat.
“What's wrong?” Castiel demands. “And don't say nothing.”
Cas just shrugs; the other three share a look.
"Damn it!" Dean quickly leans into the car to turn the key and pull it out. "Anna, come on!"
He huffs out a laugh because, of course, Dean doesn't know, but instead of brooding over just what Dean would think about his best friend and his girlfriend skulking about in the woods in the next town over to get high, he sits down on Anna's left, snatches the flask from her lap, and takes a swig, wincing at the sharp burn of the tequila.
Cas just laughs because he's actually kind of hoping the same.
He realizes as he comes up to them that it really has been awhile since they all hung out, and says as much himself. "Hey guys, long time no see, how's it going?"
Lowering the comic so that he can raise an eyebrow at his best friend, Dean says, "Dude, I seriously can't believe you're being such a nerd right now."
“Can we please get back to my problem?” Dean grouses.
Castiel’s arms tighten around Dean, almost without his permission or say-so. “I apologize.”
Everyone is staring at Dean, barely breathing, until Balthazar breaks the silence. "Look, I think you're over-reacting."
They stand like that for awhile, Dean losing track of the time. At some point, Cas says, “I’m sorry, I need time.” But he doesn’t step away, and so Dean hugs him tighter.
Castiel manages to calm his laughter enough to say, "Thank you, Mary."
Dean springs up and moves to sit at the end of the bed where he can reach out and touch Cas, placing a hand on his friend's in hopes it will alleviate some of his discomfort. “Hey, no, well, I mean, a little, yeah, but you need someone to talk to about it, right?”
She quickly shakes her head. "No, no! You're fine."
The answer is fairly simple - he’s a coward, afraid of being alone and afraid of becoming someone who throws away what they have for what they think they want.
Immediately, Dean demands, “Is he pressuring you?”
Charlie smiles back.
He feels so tired, staring at the ceiling of his room as though it holds all the answers to the universe. Or maybe he just wishes it held the answers to this situation. He doesn't know how things got this bad, and he doesn't really know how to fix them. He doesn't get why Cas would lie or omit things. Aren't they best friends? Aren't they brothers? It drains him to think about too much because he doesn't know if he knows the right answers anymore. But Charlie is right- they do need to talk.
"Maybe I will!" She turns back around and starts walking again.
Dean full on glares at her. "I'm not a fucking homophobe, Charlie."
Guilt and anger wage a war in his chest, but neither seems willing to relent, so instead he says, "In my defense, I was pretty sick."
Friday comes quickly, the first week of school finally on its last day, and Cas couldn't be more grateful. Even barring the excessive amounts of personal drama, school itself has been exhausting. All the AP classes are already starting to wear on him just a week in, and Cas finds himself hoping he'll even manage to graduate at all. He should probably see if Anna wants to get together soon and study.
Anna just smiles sadly at him. “Yeah, you are,” she says. “And the saddest part is that you're just going to let him slip through your fingers.”
This just kept going! I came into this chapter with basically zero idea of how I was going to reach the end point (my notes for this story are old and non-sensical at this point because I changed the direction almost as soon as I wrote the outline, and I never updated the outline... go past me), yet somehow it wound up being (I think) the longest chapter I've written so far! It just kept going! Cas apparently had a lot of shit to work through. All the Anna stuff? Definitely wasn't in the plan at all, but here she is! And I enjoyed bringing her back this way.
The phone ringing against his ear breaks off his thought. His heart is in his throat and he taps his foot nervously, feeling more and more desperate with each subsequent ring.
Dean just grins. “Trust me.”
Anna looks between them. "You two know each other?"
Charlie frowns. "Or are you mad that he never told you he batted for the other team?"
"I don't like it, okay? I don't like
He downs the rest of his beer on the way to the door, grabbing another bottle before heading outside. Popping the cap, he leans against the deck's railing, pointedly ignoring the rutting couples around him and wishing he had something stronger in his hand besides the beer. He manages about ten minutes outside before someone invades his personal space. Expecting it to be Charlie, he's surprised to find an oddly familiar looking blonde girl leaning with her back against the railing and smiling at him.
“Only these two,” Dorothy points first at Charlie and then at Dean, “reminiscing about all the shit they used to get up to while they got way too drunk off Charlie’s parents’ beer.”
For once, Cas lets himself fall apart in the presence of someone else, and it’s as uneventful as he never thought it could be. Dean says nothing, just gently leads him home, stays by him, stays his friend.
Thanksgiving at the Winchesters’ is a flurry of comfort and anxiety. The house is full of people, many familiar to Castiel, even if in varying degrees. He has spent so many holidays with Dean and his family that no one questions it anymore. He and his grandmother are a part of the family, more so than they are with Castiel’s actual family. However, unlike actual family, the extended Winchester/Campbell/Harvelle/Singer tribe don’t pry into Castiel’s life. This is not a complaint on his part, especially not this year. While Sam and Dean are questioned on everything from girlfriends to college plans, conversation with Castiel remains light. Were the gathering smaller, he’s sure Mary or Ellen or even perhaps Bobby would delve a little deeper, but in the presence of Dean’s cousins and grandparents and aunts and uncles, they would never. So Castiel gets to, blessedly, skate by with minimal words and bland smiles and appropriately timed laughs.
's. "Wait. What? I thought you went home sick Friday night."
“Thank you.”
Balthazar's brow creases. "I'm sorry, I thought we had something. Perhaps I shouldn't have assumed."
She laughs prettily at this. “Hey, I’m glad you aren’t. I’d have to work so much harder otherwise!”
Still, he plays his part, acts concerned. “I can find another way home if you need to rest.”
Dean fixes him with a heavy look - not stern, not frustrated, just heavy, meaningful - a look that tells Cas it’s his turn to just fucking listen this time. “Yeah, you did,” Dean says, “and then you just vanished. Died. I thought that was it, the last time I was every going to see you, and you pull that. And then Jack left too, and then…” He trails off for a moment, though Cas is sure he is about to mention his own death. He doesn’t, of course, instead skipping ahead to, “And then I’m here, and Bobby makes some vague ass comment about you helping Jack upgrade this place, but you’re nowhere to be seen. Instead, the fucking car is, which don’t get me wrong, I love that car, but - “
"Alright." There's an almost awkward pause where Cas isn't exactly sure how to say goodbye.
Charlie gives a minute shrug. "I know, but... he thinks you hate him, Dean."
Dean shrugs. "Eh, boring as hell. Watched Sammy run himself ragged to get ready for the start of school. Thought the kid was gonna have a cow about his binders not being properly color coordinated."
It's a like a punch to the gut, but he tries to shrug it off, act like it doesn't bother him one bit that his girlfriend would rather be out studying than out with him on the last weekend before school. But he supposes he did hoard a lot of her time this summer, so he can't be too upset. "You know Anna."
Maybe Dean can do this supportive best friend thing after all.
Castiel kisses him. It isn’t particularly long, but there is passion there, and it’s enough time for Dean’s hands to move from Cas’s face to the back of his head, for Dean’s fingers to card through Cas’s hair as he returns the kiss.
"'Course I can. It's my damn house," Dean grumbles in one last ditch attempt to... To what? Prove he's right, even when he knows he's wrong?
Castiel can't respond to that, far too busy slamming his head against the desk to deign a response.
"Bull shit! I don't buy that! Something's up with him, I know it. This isn't like him."
It brings a smile to his face, and as he types out
April's smile widens a little, but it does nothing to break up the nervousness on her face. "Yeah, but... it's been years, and we weren't in the same youth group, so I get you not remembering."
“You’re going to have to talk to him eventually.”
One day, out of the blue, Jack says, “I can tell you how he feels, if that would help.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean furrows his brow. “Honest with myself?”
In all the excitement of talking to Balthazar, Castiel completely forgets to call Dean.
"You look like you could use a pick-me-up," she says, expression turning compassionate. When he remains silent, she extends her hand for a handshake. "April Kelly."
And just like that they're all laughing, all traces of awkwardness completely forgotten. They all fall into easy conversation until a tall, blond boy walks up to their table. Cas can't help but think 'swaggers' might be the more appropriate term.
"So," Charlie says tentatively, obviously picking her words with care, "how're you doing with all this, Dean?"
He smiles at his boyfriend before leaning in to give him a quick peck on the cheek. “I wanted to give you a heads up,” he says. “Dean and Anna broke up.”
Dean nods. “That’s fair.” He breaths in and out, steeling his nerves and clenching and unclenching his fists. “I, um….” He pauses again, but Mary doesn’t interrupt. She just waits patiently for him to continue. He watches her and she watches him.
"You mean you
Mary clasps her hands in front of her on the table, looking at him with a mixture of concern and sternness. “Dean, you know I can’t promise that.”
As it turns out, there is a different sort of party going on at the park, one that assures Cas that April does indeed know about Anna's habit since the redhead is sitting with a group of people, passing a joint off to a blonde guy to her right.  He can't help raising an eyebrow at her as he walks up.
She laughs with a, "Screw you, Winchester."
“Just don’t get lost in your own house, Cas,” Dean says, both exasperated and joking at the same time.
Silence falls again, and just as Cas is about to fall asleep, his phone lights up and starts vibrating.
He turns up the music and they drive the rest of the way to Sam's school without a word spoken between them.
It’s a moment longer before Charlie suddenly groans miserably. “Damn it, Cas! You know I suck at secrets!”
Balthazar's smile falls. "'Oh?' That's it?"
Dean can't help grinning, feeling slightly giddy in the moment, even if this kind of good natured ribbing is common for them.
So Castiel ruminates, but perhaps not for as long as he ought to. Certainly not as long as he has been thinking about and avoiding Dean up to this point.
“She thinks I'm in love with Cas,” he says, and then adds, “I think she might be right.”
"Anna told me that you liked to party, so I kind of just assumed... should I not have?"
, he thinks, feeling particularly unforgiving. Because yes, maybe Cas has been handling this all wrong, but he’s still allowed to be mad about how his boyfriend acted today. With all that in mind, he very pointedly does not acknowledge Balthazar as he opens up his locker to swap out his books for his backpack, gathering all relevant things he needs for the night’s homework.
And as corny as it is, Cas finds that this year, he is truly thankful.
“Cassie, here? Wouldn’t you rather-”
Cas groans, covering his head with his arms in a last ditch effort to block Anna out.
"She wrote me a poem asking me," Charlie responds primly.
Dean playfully shoves Cas in the shoulder. “Come on, you dork,” he says, then heads up the stairs. Castiel follows, unable to keep his own smile off his face. This is nice; this is normal. This finally feels like maybe they’ve returned to how they used to be.
“Dean, are you awake?” he whispers.
Castiel smiles warmly back. "It's good to see you too, Sam. It looks like you've grown a little?"
She cuts him off, which is probably a good thing. He isn’t quite sure where that statement was going, just what it was he was about to promise. But Anna is shaking her head emphatically. “Don’t make promises like that, Castiel. It isn’t fair to either of you.”
He lets her lead him to her car, numb to the world around him. They don’t speak through the whole drive; she simply lets the radio play softly, and if he felt capable, he would probably smile at her selection - it’s the mix CD of Christian pop music they’d made together when they were younger. It’s an odd comfort, but one he’s extremely grateful for.
Charlie nods slowly, letting go of him as she says, “Yeah, yeah, of course.”
“This about Dean?” she asks.
“I didn’t even know!” he argues.
No, Castiel very much does not want that. Doesn’t even want to step near his home. Tonight, he wants to just get away. He’ll borrow Dean’s instead, they’ve shared clothes plenty before. It isn’t until Dean is scurrying out of the room and Cas catches sight of how red Dean’s neck is turning, that he realizes that though they’ve shared clothes before, it’s never been with the understanding of more than platonic feelings in play. He’s suddenly very grateful for Dean’s swift exit because he knows he’s blushing too.
“I’m sorry, man.”
When he finally does hear from her again, the text says, “cant say. sorry.”
Cas nods, smile finally starting to look more parts genuine than nerves. "I will."
Charlie's blush clashes adorably with her hair as she sticks her nose up in the air. "Well, someone has to keep you guys in line. God knows what you'd do without me."
Balthazar is still smiling charmingly, staring at Cas in a way that makes the other boy's blush deepen. "I'm asking you on a date, Cassie."
runs across his mind before he can stop it.
"Hey! Don't forget Bradbury wrath!" Charlie says, wrapping an arm around Cas's shoulders and ruffling his hair.
Hesitation flashes across Castiel’s face for a moment, quick but enough to have Dean’s stomach start to sink, but then he nods. “Yes, Dean, I would like that very much.”
Lowering her papers just low enough to glare at Castiel over them, Anna grouses, "Sometimes I could really kill Dean for teaching you sarcasm. I think I miss the little boy who used to sit in the church pews and didn't know sass from ass."
Silence holds for a minute before, "Dean, I swear to god if you don't get your foot off my crotch..."
When he sits down, Charlie shoots him a wonky sort of smile. “Hey, Dean-o, how’s it going?”
Guilt finally wins the war as a look of hurt flashes across Dean's face even as he says, "Hey, it's cool, man. I understand."
He spends the whole night tossing and turning, his brain refusing to shut off. At some point around five, sleep drunk and delirious, he texts Cas an apology. He agonizes over it, not wanting to come off too clingy, but wanting Cas to know that he knows he screwed up. He finally settles on
As she turns and walks out the door, Castiel isn’t quite sure what to make of what she’s just said. Surely she can’t know, right? More than that, his religious, church-going, God-fearing grandmother couldn’t be okay with it, right? It’s honestly all just too much to think about given his lack of sleep, so he shelves those concerns for another time.
He sits for a few more moments, enjoying the quiet of the night, wondering how he's ever going to get to sleep with all the butterflies that have now made a home in his stomach flying around.. He allows himself one more completely dopey grin before going back in.
Dean nods back. “So, Anna and I broke up on Friday.” He watches his mom, and to her credit she doesn’t say anything, though she does look confused. “She told me she thought I was in love with someone else, and I realized she was right. I, uh….” He trails off. This is the hard part, and his stomach fills with butterflies and rocks all at the same time. Nerves flush through him and his hands start to shake. This is it, this is where he rips off the band aide.
It’s a moment more before Dean actively acknowledges him, long enough that Castiel begins to doubt whether or not he should have done this at all to begin with.
“I don’t want to ruin this, Anna,” he finally confesses.
With a laugh he says, "Yes, the party don't start until you walk in."
Later that night, the three of them are sprawled all across Dean's room, lights turned off so that they can at least give the illusion they're trying to go to sleep.
Anna's perfect eyebrows knit together shrewdly. "All weekend?"
On the other hand, no contact could mean that something
"You do everything Anna tells you?" Dean jokes.
Dean can't help laughing at the couple because damn. They really are a blast to be around.
"Shut up and drive, Winchester," Castiel grouses, but Dean can see the shadow of a smile on his face.
"Because I'm pretty sure you're mad at Dean. I would be." She turns to face him fully. "Castiel, you have to know that I tried to tell him he should spend time with you when I found out he was blowing you off. He just said you understood, though."
“I was… I don’t know, not having regrets, just…” Cas sighs, obviously feeling frustrated with himself. “Nothing felt right. I just didn’t want to be there anymore. I had thought I wanted that, wanted him, but I think maybe it wasn’t him, after all.”
But staring up at the endless sky, he thinks that if not for that cruelty, he wouldn’t be here, now. He would not have met Dean Winchester. He would not have the friends he has or live the life he lives. He thinks, with a sudden, almost forgiving clarity, that had he not experienced that loneliness as a child, he would perhaps be far more lonely now.
“Did he do something!?” she demand, on the defensive apparently as soon as the thought crosses her mind.
“What, Cas?” Dean grumbles back, voice muffled from his face being half-buried in his pillow.
Dorothy finally stops shaking her head at Charlie and turns her attention back to Dean. "So, the reading, you do it?"
He’s met with silence, and for a moment panics that Balthazar hung up until he hears a sigh that almost sounds relieved.
, for a long time now, but it isn’t a conversation he’s particularly raring to have. Still, though, his grandmother offers her comfort, unobtrusively and with dedication. She doesn’t hover but stays near by just in case he needs her, the only exception being the times when Anna comes over.
, Castiel can see that they are going to be okay.
Charlie sighs. "Dean, you don't even know Balthazar."
An odd sort of amusement flickers across Castiel's face, and he laughs softly. "Okay, Dean, I will. Thank you."
“Dean -”
This seems to take Balthazar aback, his head drawing back as he blinks in surprise. It’s only for a moment though, because then his face is twisting into an angry sort of snarl.
Huge thanks to my beta,
Dean stares at her in confusion. “Then what-”
Castiel does not ask on what, at this point he surely knows, but it has somehow become harder to approach him than easier.
"Ah, yes, a study date. Why don't you also plan on an actual date?"
“You can’t!” she scolds. “He’s with Balthazar, and he’s happy. Sudden epiphany or not, you don’t have the right to fuck that up for him.”
"Wait!" Cas calls, and Dean about jumps out of his skin at the volume of his friend's voice versus the relative silence of the library. Castiel obviously noticed it too if the blush staining his cheeks is anything to go by. Dean raises an eyebrow, a silent gesture of
The house is silent as he creeps back up to Dean's room, which is completely silent, as well.
“You gotta stop doing this to me, man,” Dean all but whispers into Castiel’s skin.
He can't help feeling hurt, but the Dean Winchester way of dealing with feelings is to get angry. "What the fuck is his problem?"
, he thinks, and he unashamedly says as much to Balthazar. Balthazar laughs, calling Cas adorable, and twines his hand into Cas's. Cas can't help the blush that spreads across his cheeks and the giddy way his heart speeds up.
Cas raises an eyebrow. “What do you mean?”
Castiel and Anna, though? They're fucking paragons of the community. Cas likes to claim he's nothing of the sort, but Dean is quick to disagree. The only things that bring Cas down is that he insists on continuing to hang around Dean and Charlie (which Dean will never not count his lucky stars for) and that he stopped going to church a few years back (which Dean doesn't think impacts that much, but Cas claims different). Otherwise? Castiel Shurley is every bit as out of his league as Anna Milton. They're both so fucking smart it hurts, neither of them in a single one of the basic classes with Dean. Nope. They're full-blown honors and AP class, Ivy League school bound geniuses. Dean isn't bothered by that though, since he knows they both work their asses off for it. Dean has sat around enough summers with Cas while he studies (and then done the same with Anna this summer) to know it.
"Wanna come hang out after school? Make up for some lost time."
Charlie shoulders relax down from where they’d climbed up to her ears. “Yeah, that’s true, I guess.”
Castiel’s hand stills, and he can actually feel the atmosphere of the room shift. He focuses on not spiraling into a black void of assumptions and anxiety as he sets his own pencil down. “Yes, Dean?”
, and then heads to his next class.
“I really don’t see how it’s a problem,” Dorothy chimes, and Dean scowls at her. She shrugs at him in return. “What? I don’t. I mean, do I think it’s a little weird that neither of you told anyone and still went to homecoming together? Sure, but I also get why you did it, and at least It seems like Anna was a lot nicer about it then she probably should have been. Plus, this opens up opportunities for you to be honest with yourself.”
It's a soft kiss, pleasing in ways other kisses in Castiel's life have not been, probably in large part to do with the fact that they're both sober. It stays chaste, and far sooner than Cas cares for, Baalthazar is pulling away and bidding him a good night. Like a lovesick puppy, Cas stands on the porch and watches him pull away, already knowing it's going to be another sleepless night.
"And I'm sorry that I blew you off over the summer. I really had no clue. I was an idiot. You need to start calling me on this shit, man. Don't let me get away with crap like that."
Charlie pulls a face. "I make an effort."
"Aye, aye," Dean laughs.
Charlie bristles at this. “Obviously no!”
Dean swallows past the lump in his throat, fights back the tears that threaten to make their reappearance. “Mom, I screwed up,” he manages to choke out.
Dean shrugs, but Cas knows it’s a play at casual in a way Dean never seems to truly feel. “Yeah, well, what can I say, I was feeling nostalgic.”
“So that was weird, right?” Dorothy asks once they’ve watched him leave the cafeteria.
Dean nods, but doesn’t say anything else. Instead, he just quietly returns to his homework. Castiel watches him work for a moment before finally, reluctantly doing the same. He gets the feeling there is more to the story, but as it stands, he isn’t sure he wants to know.
He can't keep the smile off his face as he says, "I really, really am. Life is good."
"Balthazar?"
"I just... I mean, I kind of thought it might come up?"
She smiles brilliantly at him. "Noted."
She waves her arms back and forth violently in a nixing manner. "No, no, I'm not saying that. I know you aren't, but... I'm just saying... maybe you're feeling hurt because he kept that from you?"
It also makes him sometimes worry that he’s turning into his parents. It’s times like those that he misses Anna the most - she was great at finding distractions for them when they felt the most like they were failing.
Castiel makes a mental note that next time he finds himself alone with Sam, he needs to impart the knowledge upon him that he should never set up two of his friends - it will just wind up being way too awkward when they inevitably break up. Honestly, they’re in high school! How did he not see this coming months ago?
If feels like a bucket of ice has just been poured over him. Numb, he mutter, “'Him?'” Dark hair and shy smiles flash across his mind, and
The two of them meander through until they find the old monkey bars, not that most of this equipment isn’t old these days. The place has definitely seen better days, and Dean can’t help wondering how many kids play here now.
No, he isn’t, unless his mom pops in again to whisk him off, which is unlikely. He hopes she doesn’t, honestly, because he’s looking forward to celebrating Thanksgiving with the Winchesters this year. Which is clearly something he has neglected to tell Balthazar.
That evening when Castiel gets home and finally checks his phone, he has a text from Balthazar.
"I work at the Applebee’s in town," she offers helpfully, and he thinks that must be it, so he nods, offering a small, "Ah."
Dean blinks up at the ceiling, staring up sightlessly. "Maybe..."
Balthazar heaves a heavy sigh from across the table, and Castiel’s jaw reflexively tightens as he waits for whatever is about to happen while pretending to have his focus 100% on the work in front of him.
“It’s a long story. Sort of,” he says. “So just…. Just don’t say anything until I’m done, okay?”
“You did?” This is news to Cas, and it brings about second thoughts. What if Dean doesn’t really feel anything more than friendship for him? What if that voicemail had been the drunken, confused ramblings of the heartbroken?
Charlie searches his face for a moment before she seems to suddenly understand, eyes going wide, hands grabbing his arm. “Cas, are you saying-”
"Any time, sweetie. Now, are you and Charlie staying the night?"
Dean knows he should feel relieved that Cas isn't being pressured, but, somehow, he feels even worse. How does that even make sense? “So you guys haven't even discussed it?” Dean asks.
"No way!" Charlie is staring at him, eyes wide and mouth agape. When he doesn't immediately offer up any more information, she starts whacking him in the arm. "Well go on! Out with it! Tell me about her!"
He only stops when she grabs his arm, huffing and puffing from the exertion of catching up with him.
And then Dean is pulling away and Castiel’s heart sinks and then flips back up into his throat again in the space of time it takes for Dean to pull back and place his hands on either side of Castiel’s face, to stare into his eyes.
Cas rolls his eyes, mouth turning up the barest bit at the corners. Finally turning his attention to Anna, he asks, "Do you want to take a break?"
"So you're feeling better then?" he asks.
"Cas, I hope you have fun today," he says with as much sincerity as he can muster, which is a surprisingly large amount. Even if he's not fond of the company Cas will be keeping, Dean really does want him to have a good time.
Castiel finally sits up enough to talk to Anna, giving up on ignoring her and getting a few more moments of rest. "Anna, while this may come as a shock to you, I don't remember anything from Friday after your shitty flask of tequila."
Cas glances demurely at him, seeming uncertain, and it only makes Dean's stomach tighten more. Cas focuses his sight back down to his lap, where his fingers are twisting intricately around each other. Dean suddenly finds himself glad he's across the room from the guy as the stupid urge to take those hands in his and just hold them flashes through him.
Dean about jumps out of his skin, turning to find Charlie charging at him. She grabs for his phone, and he tries to fight her off, but he’s too drunk. He falls down onto his ass while Charlie quickly ends the call.
"Hey, sleepy head, wake up. It's class time, not sleep time," Anna scolds as she pokes Cas in the side with the eraser of her pencil.
look.
!? I don't know, Anna, you tell me! What the fuck was that!?"
Dean hangs his head in shame. Meekly, he says, "I just don't get why he'd lie to me."
Castiel takes a deep breath and then answers, “Hello?”
Sam pulls a skeptical face, turning to look at Cas. "You're gay?"
Cas turns to go back into the library, but then stops to look at Dean over his shoulder. His smile sends Dean's heart to skipping beats. "Thank you for coming to talk to me this morning. I hated that we weren't talking."
“So let me get this straight,” Charlie says, pointing a finger at Dean, the rest of her hand comfortably holding onto a beer bottle, “your brilliant, stunning girlfriend broke up with you because she brilliantly gleaned you are in love with your best friend?”
Dean doesn't even protest or offer to take her home himself, he doesn't have the energy to. Instead, he finds himself wandering out to the parking lot and just sitting on the curb. He isn't sure how much time passes before Dorothy and Charlie come out and find him.
Castiel wants to scream, but instead he starts walking again.
Either to his credit or testament to just how down he is, Cas doesn’t question him again, so Dean leads on. It isn’t a far walk, and he’s fairly certain Cas catches on not long into it, but they walk in comfortable silence. The stars are bright and the streets are quiet, people either out or sleeping off the tryptophan, and it feels peaceful. It’s not fifteen minutes before they’re at the small park that they used to frequent as kids, the place they met.
“Don’t bullshit a bullshitter, Shurley.”
“Balthazar?” Somehow, that came out sounding like a question.
He shakes Balthazar’s hand off and snaps, “Don’t touch me!”
“Yes, Grandmother, I’m here.”
is about to happen. Instead, Cas rests his head on Dean’s shoulder, while Dean stands ramrod straight.
I finally present to you the next chapter!
Dean scoffs. "Yeah right. Don't go giving him delusions of grandeur, Cas." He knows Cas is right now. Sam is already taller than Dean was at that age.
"You have got to be kidding," Dean groans, burying his face into his hands.
Anna looks up at him, eyes searching his, and for a moment, he thinks she's going to play dumb or lie, but instead, she says, “You don't love me, do you?”
He summons up the courage to ask, "You really like him, huh?"
Balthazar smirks triumphantly. "I have a big date planned for Cassie and myself this weekend. I'm going to ask him then."
He scratches the back of his neck, a nervous tick, and as soon as he does it, he knows he's screwed. Still, he plows on, not quite making eye contact. "It's nothing, Anna."
). He almost doesn't go himself, but Charlie talks him into it, saying things like
Castiel sighs, his head hurting far too much for this right now. He ponders ignoring it for awhile, but instead sends a text back saying "it's ok. i understand. we'll talk later. not feeling well today." The response is immediate- "thats cool. hope u feel better. call me whn u do?" He quickly responds that he will, and just as he's about to roll over and go back to sleep, his phone vibrates again.
But Anna does what Anna does best, does what is perhaps one of the things he loves most about her. She asks no questions. Instead, she just says, “Let’s get you home.”
Charlie stares him down. Honestly, it’s a little unnerving. “Are you for real?” When he just continues to stubbornly stare at her, she let’s out an ever-suffering sigh.
As painful at the car ride is, it isn’t made any better when they finally pull up to Castiel’s house. Goodbyes between them are getting harder and harder to figure out - hugs are stiff, goodbye kisses have gone from lips to cheek most of the time, but even those are a barely there pressure. Cas longs to just bolt out of the car, not agonize over everything, but as he’s chosen to keep up this charade, that isn’t so much an option.
Dean turns on him, eyes flashing dangerously. "Don't talk to me! Just don't even start! You don't have a right."
“She thinks I'm in love with Cas,” he says, and then adds, “I think she might be right.”
“What do you mean you walked home!?” Dean demands, ready to hunt down Balthazar and beat him to a pulp. “Did that asshole seriously kick you out!? You should have called me! I would have come and gotten you!” Never mind that he’d been in no condition to drive that night.
Finally, he actually looks at her, knowing in the end it’s useless to try and hide anything from her; she’ll find out one way or another. He sighs, shoulders slumping.
"No!" Cas blushes even more, which he didn't even think was possible, as his volume makes Balthazar jump and draws the attention of a couple of other people at near by lockers. "No... We are, you just took me by surprise, is all."
"Good night," says Cas before finally hanging up the phone.
Dean kisses her softly before pulling back with a dopey grin and saying, "Good. Now let's get back to the car, okay?" When Anna nods her agreement, Dean slips his fingers through hers and leads her back.
"I'm not lying!"
Castiel feels relief wash through him. "Thank you, Sam."
"So you done hating everyone?" she asks, and he about jumps out of his skin because she did that thing where she kind of just
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s warning to not get lost in his own house echos through his mind, and it’s thankfully enough to snap him out of it and take him back down the stairs and out the door. He has enough teenage mellow drama to deal with right now without adding his family into the mix, thank you very much.
“I left a note,” Cas says weakly.
Dean wraps her up in another hug, and this time she leans into it instead of fighting it. "We good?" he asks.
It's the unknown number this time, and all it says is "Balthazar."
He hadn’t been ready to tell Charlie or Dean about Balthazar over the weekend (still isn’t ready to tell Dean, but that’s a whole other can of worms), because though they are his very best friends, he also knows their love his so powerful, so present, and he couldn’t have handled that. He couldn’t deal with facing any of that head on.
he wants to date me."
Anna laughs so hard she snorts. When she calms down enough to catch her breath at all, she shoves Cas playfully, scolding, "Oh shut up."
Dean quickly sends up a thanks to whatever spiritual whatnot lives up in the sky for small miracles.
You can find me on
“Maybe they had a fight?” Dorothy suggests.
"You have a name to go with that brooding face?" she asks.
Dean just groans in misery once more, trying and failing to bury himself in the very solid table.
Balthazar shoots him a winning grin, leaning casually against the locker next to Castiel's. "So, what are your plans this weekend?"
It doesn't escape his notice that Dorothy and Balthazar are also wearing the same expression. He bites the inside of his lip, unable to look any of them straight in the eye. It's the only way he can answer, "Yeah, what about you?" without crying like he wants to.
Castiel stealthily reaches under his blankets and pinches the top of the foot that is currently lewdly rubbing against him.
"Don't I get a say in this?" Dean asks.
When the tears slow down, having run their course, he sniffs and pulls back. Mary lets him go, but keeps a hand rubbing on his shoulder. “What do you say we watch a movie?” she asks with a smile.
First period on Monday morning, Cas can instantly tell something is wrong with Anna. There’s no real rhyme or reason to it, as outwardly she maintains her neat and polished demeanor. However, there’s a pinch at the corners of her mouth when she smiles that looks a little too forced, and he can spot the puffiness around her eyes that she’s tried to cover with makeup.
And he figures she's right about the party- of course it's going well. There's booze and loud music- Lisa's parties are the stuff of high school legend. He's always had a good time at Lisa's (and sometimes with Lisa, though that won't be happening now), and he's prepared to do that tonight until Charlie reminds him of why he almost didn't come, asking, "Where's Anna?"
Castiel and Charlie both stumble as Dorothy comes up behind them and throws her arms over their shoulders.
She sighs the sigh of someone who knows there's nothing to be done about it, and so there's no use worrying about it. "Anyway, please don't tell him we talked about this, okay? I don't think he even realizes it yet, and I'm selfish enough to want to hold onto him while I can. Can you forgive me for that?"
She spins around and stalks towards him, jabbing a finger into his chest hard enough to bruise. "I knew you had a reputation! I knew what everyone said, but Castiel assured me you were a good guy! Joke's on me, I guess!" Angry tears fill her eyes and spill over in ugly rivulets.
"He forgot to do his econ homework," Charlie lies easily. So easily that it actually scares Dean a little.
Thank you to my wonderful beta,
"What are you going to do!? Walk half way across town!?" he yells back.
“The park, Dean?”
"But she's also a candidate for homecoming queen," Balthazar reminds him.
He spends his lunches for the next few days in the library, Anna joining him a couple of times. It’s nice to have her back in his life, which is something that gives him further pause on the Dean front. He doesn’t want to mess this up again. Of course, he doesn’t even get to bring it up to her, astute as Anna is.
he thinks maybe this can all work out, after all.
"Yep! Hit a growth spurt over the summer!" Sam is beaming as he say it, expression as happy as a puppy with a wagging tail.
When Dean finally reaches them and, smiling obliviously, greets them with, "Hey guys, long time no see, how's it going?" Charlie, at least, has the good graces to grimace.
“When should I pick you up?” Balthazar asks.
"'M not standing in the way," Dean mumbles, and even he knows just how childish he sounds.
“Jesus Christ, Cas! You about gave me a heart attack! Make some noise next time!” he shouts, hand over his chest as he jumps about ten feet in the air. The surprise is enough to distract him from just how close Cas is standing, at least momentarily.
Balthazar frowns, and it’s honestly a darker expression than Cas was expecting. Balthzar recovers quickly though, expression becoming something more concerned than, well, whatever it could have been called before. “Well that’s unfortunate. Are they alright?”
Finally, Castiel ask quietly, “How, um... How did you know it was the right time to, uh, to have sex?”
"Dean, you know what's right and what's wrong here, so it's up to you whether you're going to be an ass about it or not," Charlie says, and Dean can hear the disappointment in her tone. "Now I'm going to sleep. You do what you want."
You can find me on
And because she apparently can't let him finish a sentence (not that he even knows what to say, anyway), she interrupts him again, saying, “I wouldn't care, except that...”
As it turns out, Mary is right; a hot shower really does help Dean feel more human. No, it may not erase all the doubts and heartache, but it does wash away the grime of the previous night and unwind muscles he didn’t even know he was clenching. He steps out feeling like he is at least capable of facing some of the world again.
“So I see.”
She rests her chin on her hand. "Is it now?"
“Hey, you wanna stay the night?” Dean asks, jostling Cas’s arm to get his attention as he walks around him, taking his armful of dishes into the kitchen.
Charlie rolls her eyes so hard he's momentarily concerned they're going to get stuck in the back of her head. "
Castiel shakes his head. “I mean, not really. We sort of talked about it once, when we were...” He glances shyly at Dean and then away again. “I'm sorry, this is really awkward isn't it?”
And suddenly, quite without any warning at all, he’s crying on her shoulder, and he feels awful about that among so many other things.
“You so did,” Charlie insists, and before he can interrupt her again, she continues. “How about when you insisted on holding his hand all through first grade?”
"It does."
does not count, considering Cas and Dean both left early." She shoots her aforementioned friends dirty looks.
“Mom, I think I’m in love with Cas, but he’s with someone else, and I’m such an idiot. I got drunk on beer at Charlie’s last night and I called him and left this stupid message, and I don’t think I said anything serious before Charlie caught me and hung up the phone, but he’s going to know something’s up and I don’t know what to do.” He spits it all out in a rush, barely breathing, and once he’s done, he buries his face in his hands. He doesn’t know what kind of response she’s going to have, but he knows he can’t bear to look at her when she has it.
Dean's smile turns sheepish. "Yeah. Guess I'm just being kind of over-protective, huh?"
Castiel and Grace do not talk about his obvious heartache, for which he’s somewhat grateful. He’s suspected she’s known about Balthazar, about
The answer comes back surprisingly quick - “Yes”
He regrets the decision as soon as the pillow comes over the edge of the bed and slaps him in the face. "Don't play dumb with me, Winchester!" Charlie admonishes.
“What?” Charlie asks in disbelief.
“Definitely,” Charlie agrees, then turns her attention to Dean. “Is something going on with him?”
Dean can’t help the incredulous laugh that comes out of him. “Seriously? Dude, your room was covered empty beer cans and bottle, and you were in bed with your girlfriend! The fact you’re still here and weren’t shipped off to boot camp speaks volumes to how easy she went on you!”
He scowls. "What do you want me to say, huh?"
She cracks the door open and peeks in, like she doesn’t trust him to be fully decent, before opening the door completely. Cas has to fight the urge to roll his eyes.
“Dude, are you
Cas smiles at her. "Um... I'm not sure? We haven't even been on one date yet. We just spent the whole weekend talking."
As they walk into the house, Sam shouts out, “We’re home!” before running straight towards the kitchen. John’s voice comes from the direction of the living room, welcoming them home over the sound of the TV.
doesn't know. But he has to ask, won't be able to face the guy if he doesn't know.
Charlie shoves a beer at him. “Go right ahead, Buck-O. There’s plenty more where that came from.”
It all comes to a head the week before Thanksgiving.
I didn't die and neither did this fic! Slightly longer explanation for my absence after the chapter. But hey, this isn't beta'd. All mistakes are mine, but I tried to catch them all.
Charlie and Dorothy both nod before Dorothy asks, "So did you get the summer reading done?"
"I say so," Dean grumbles back, slouching a little lower in his seat in an act of juvenile petulance. After all, he really wasn't mad about Balthazar. That doesn't mean he has to like the guy though.
They take their time settling in and getting their homework together. Castiel suspects Dean would take even longer if he wasn’t there to encourage good studying behaviors in his best friend.
Blush still burning hotly, he says, "Nice, funny, debonair. He's new to town. Well, sort of. His family moved here at the beginning of the summer."
Cas checks his phone and his heart flutters in his chest as he sees Balthazar's name light up on the screen. He'd almost completely forgotten that he'd never heard from his- could he even really call Balthazar his boyfriend? They hadn't really discussed it.
! You are the best!
Dorothy snorts, and when Dean whips around to stare at her accusingly, she isn’t even looking at him. Instead, she’s just lounging on Charlie’s bed, drinking and gazing up at the ceiling.
For a beat, no one says anything. Then Balthazar says, "Well, he's certainly pleasant, isn't he?"
Dean rolls his eyes. "Oh, come on. You can't tell me that you and Dorothy actually asked each other."
"Cas here bats for our team," is Charlie's way of greeting.
Balthazar’s face is pinched, looking like he’s barely reeling his own temper in. “You’re really going to act like this?” he asks, almost disbelieving. “Like you’re the one who has a right to be mad.”
Like this, under the blankets that block out the room, listening to Charlie’s snoring and occasionally mumbled nonsense, he can almost pretend last night never happened. He can almost pretend he’s a kid again, can pretend that the quiet breaths of Dorothy actually belong to Cas , and that the three of them have had a sleep over and everything is normal.
“You didn’t even eat anything,” Dean protests.
Charlie laughs good-naturedly. "Man, you're so whipped."
Cas since school ended. He glances at Dorothy who is no help at all because she just shrugs at him, giving him the
"You're an awful liar, Dean."
Dean smiles. “Want me to take you by your place to get some clothes?”
Dorothy, walking poster child of confidence that she is, takes the reins and answers, "We're at a party, genius, how do you think?" But she says it with a coy smile, so Dean just laughs in
“Balthazar is an ass anyway,” she says, then she turns on the TV, some mindless game show playing, and the two of them settle in for the afternoon.
"I'm sorry, he's not usually like this. I'll go talk to him." And then Anna is up and leaving, as well.
Turning back to his computer, Castiel says, "Besides, Anna and I are getting together on Sunday to work on our college essays."
"Well, it's senior year, right? I was thinking we could all go together, maybe get a limo?"
“We, uh, we had a fight,” he lies, and tries not to cringe at how obvious it sounds.
"Does it have anything to do with a sexy Brit?" she sing-songs.
! You never meet people!"
Before any of them know it, October is gone, most of November is gone, and college testing is gone, too. Granted, Cas and Charlie will probably take the SATs one more time in December, depending on their scores, but Dean is done! He suspects Dorothy is, too, though they haven’t really discussed it.
Dean stares at her in confusion. “But-”
"You seem in a better mood today," Charlie says as she plops down in the seat next to Dean during first period.
“And yet you’re still not telling me a name.” How she manages to sound both amused at his expense and intimidating at hell, he’ll never understand.
"He fucking lied to me, Charlie!"
She glances up at him, and she must see something in his face, though he can’t imagine what. Everything has actually begun to feel rather numb, adrenaline draining away but not yet replaced with anything else. She crosses the room and gives him a hug, whispering, “Oh, Cas.”
Hey, look! I'm not dead! And this fic isn't dead! Sorry for the massive delay. Life has been kicking my butt, but hopefully I'll be making more of a concerted effort to get back on top of writing!
Castiel flounders for words. "I just... I mean..."
Once they're all settled, Anna places a reassuring hand on his knee and says, "Hey, you know Balthazar is harmless, right? He's a good guy. Castiel will be okay."
The other redhead smiles prettily. "It was nice. Relaxing. Felt a little under the weather myself on Saturday, but pepped back up quick enough."
He does hear from Charlie in the form of a text that says, “hey, you talked to cas at all?”
These were the words she told him when he’d been small and felt so very alone, especially in those first few days before he’d met Dean, the days where he couldn’t understand why he’d been left, why his daddy wasn’t coming back for him. He’d barely slept, staying up as much as he could stand, in fear that maybe, just maybe, Chuck would come back for him and he’d miss it. He couldn’t miss that. It only took a few days of this before he finally cried.
“You should have woken me up,” Balthazar scolds.
“It’s just two more days, you’re being dramatic,” Cas responds with barely a glance in his direction. When Dean peaks over, he’s writing something in one of his many notebooks.
Dean sighs in exhaustion. "What do you want me to say, Charlie? That my feelings were fucking hurt and I blew up? Well there, I said it."
, and to a far lesser extent
Charlie makes puppy eyes at her girlfriend.
Castiel takes a deep breath and then answers, “Hello?”
Anna and Cas are seated on the floor of Castiel's bedroom, backs against his bed, with books and notes in well-ordered chaos around them. It's honestly a travesty that there's this much work to already go over.
“I’m sorry,” he sobs.
"I thought you'd never ask," he answers.
"See? I'm such a studious shut in, I don't even know that."
Cas just chuckles beside him.
Charlie rolls her eyes. “Come on, Dean. Let’s be real here.”
"Dean, you can't just casually ask her at the lunch table," Charlie chides.
Dean gives a small smile, but it’s no less heart-wrenchingly beautiful for the size of it. “You’re really gonna make me say it, huh? Well, I guess that’s fair.” He presses his forehead to Castiel’s own, eyes closing for a moment as he inhales before he looks once more into Cas’s eyes.
Eventually, they part, and Dean doesn’t comment on the fact that Cas had obviously started crying at some point. They hold hands on the walk home, but it’s not out of a sense of romance, feeling more like when Dean would lead a small, unsure Cas around when they were kids - it’s grounding and it’s safe. They get home and change into pajamas, make hot chocolate and stay up late watching nonsense TV. It’s quiet and comfortable and right. Regardless of everything else, Cas is still his best friend, and that’s the most important part right now. Anything else can come later.
Still looking for a beta for at least this fic, if not more. If you are interested, you can either let me know in a comment or hit me up at one of the locations below.
"The suggestive eye waggle is highly unnecessary." He glances shyly at her. "But yes... I guess I do."
She nods. “Okay, Dean. I won’t.”
"Well, fine," he says. "I'll just ask her when she gets here."
“Goodbye, Balthazar,” Cas says, gathering up his backpack and exiting out of the car.
's in approval, while Dean clenches his jaw.
So Dean goes and pesters Sam until the kid agrees to have a Star Wars marathon with him to distract him from his loneliness (but of course he doesn't tell Sammy that's why, instead opting to act like he's doing the kid a favor).
Walking into his house, Castiel takes note of the locked door and silence. Grandmother isn’t home then. He takes a short detour to the kitchen, and, sure enough, there is a note on the fridge from her. In his quick scan of it he catches words like “church” and “bake sale,” so it’s all innocuous enough.
"At the least," Charlie responds primly. When her blush finally fades, she looks back over at Dean, wearing a slightly concerned, slightly serious expression. "Did you guys talk about Balthazar at all?"
Dean tries so hard not laugh, knowing it won't help his case. He fails all the same.
Castiel about jumps out of his skin at Dean’s voice. When he looks up from where he’s apparently been glowering at his hands clenched together in his lap, it’s to see both the Winchester brothers looking at him in concern. Also to the realization that apparently they’re parked outside his house.
Dean ignores the way his stomach churns acidicly at the thought that there will be a next date for Cas and Balthazar and, instead, says, "If you need anything, don't hesitate to call me, okay? I'll come and get you as fast as I can."
Charlie just snickers.
“I don’t understand. Why do you want me to say my name?” comes Cas’s tinny, far away voice, followed by the sounds of keys mashing. Dean smiles, remembering the day Cas got his phone, a birthday present from his grandmother. Dean and Charlie had been trying to surprise him with it, and when Cas had figured out what was happening, he’s wrestled them for the phone. It made Dean feel good to know Cas had never gotten rid of the memory.
Dean was shocked when Cas abruptly placed a splayed hand between his shoulder blades and shoved him down, causing the hunter to make a strangled yelp.
Jack cried, the sound was weak and repetitive. Cas felt absolutely panicked, but remained silent.
"Turn off your fucking grace. I want you to feel this."
Cas was relentless in showering Dean with kisses and affirmation of love. When Dean stopped crying, Cas slowly wiped his tears. He kissed him sweetly.
"I didn't say you were going to leave. I never said that." Dean says slowly, narrowing his eyes.
"Dean, her birthday isn't about me, it's about her. And we've been dating like, for a little while. You can't get women lingerie after a couple months. Plus it's not even a thoughtful gift."
There was a moment of silence. It felt heavy. Dean didn't sense any intimacy or warmth from Cas this morning. The fear that had just washed away started to well up inside him anew.
"This! With him! Cas I - I yelled at him. He's just a baby. I screamed at him," Dean explained. He let out a shaky, sorrowful breath and rubbed his face before continuing. “I didn't talk for a whole year after mom died. Not a peep. You know why I think that was? Every time Sammy cried, he fucking yelled at him, Dad yelled. Sammy doesn't remember, but I do. I can't- I gotta -,"
"I love you, Dean. I just needed to remind you of that," Cas said still looking at the hunter with reverent adoration. Every tiny kiss Cas gave was like a loving prayer being embedded onto Dean's skin.
"I didn't think loving someone when the world
“I know you care so much for your gardens, your flowers. I knew you spoke of secret meanings of the flowers and plants and I wished to know you better by knowing your interests.”
"I… spilled the sauce."
"Cas," he asked, the cheerfully silliness gone from his voice, "Why're you letting your vessel age?"
Dean shook his head and laughed. “I don’t think I wanna know.”
“Okay,” he said, fighting against his own baser nature and just accepting the warmth and love Cas was offering. He grasped Cas’s hand and squeezed it. “Okay,” he reiterated.
"Och, as babes go he is a cute wee tyke," she whispered softly. "Better you than me though." That earned a slight smile from Dean and the tension seemed to slowly ease between all of them.
When they broke apart, Dean smiled up at him with a roguish look. "If you're gonna keep sitting on me like that at least take your clothes off. I want my birthday sex."
"Yes, I've redesigned things. Do you like the marble? So much nicer than the nasty shale and brimstone, yes? It was so dark and unpleasant before. And if it's dark, how can my followers admire my charming visage?" she said, dramatically framing her face with her hands. She smiled, a twinkle in her eyes.
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean. "He can't go to that den of iniquity. He's not old enough. Let's take him to the park."
"Ah, yes. For what it's worth, I don't think he will be inclined to avoid your trap."
Dean really thought he was going to die from blushing. No glorious hunter's death, no work accident, no growing old for him. He was sure that he was going to die from embarrassment right here and now.
Cas sauntered up to him and sniffed him. "A woman."
Dean stalked after him with Jack in his arms. "Why do you always run away?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're mine," Cas stated, not a question. Dean nodded anyway.
I hope that you can forgive me for how  very, very, STUPIDLY LONG this chapter is, but I wanted to give you all a robust ending. I hope you love it <3
There was simply something more here, suddenly. He absently wondered if Cas was reading his mind, but he knew that this was just one of those special moments where things are just right and just so and no words are needing to be spoken because there's a connection. It sounded cheesy, but he didn't care for once, because he'd never had this before and right now there was only one thing in his mind - no doubts, no insecurities, just
"Alright, Abby," Dean drawled, earning him an eye roll from Cas, "What do you want?"
"As I said, blushing."
Dean stared at Cas, completely lost. "Uh, I hadn't thought about a label for us. We're together. That's what's important, right? Besides, can't this wait for
Cas provides much needed support and comfort for Dean.
Dean wiped his eyes and nodded. “Yeah, alright. C’mon, huggy bear. Bring it in, you big lug.”
“C’mon, Cas, how bad do you want it? Do you fuckin’ want it? You want me?
"And, I would say that perhaps a soul is a nice reward for bending the very constraints of the universe, imposed by a sadistic God so that I could bring forth the most rebellious act of free will in all of existence - loving you,” Cas said casually, cheerfully even, as if he hadn’t just said the most important thing Dean had ever heard.
"Yes. Please."
"That's a shame."
“Holy fucking shit. We really did it,” Dean whispered to himself.
But this time he wasn't going to back down. He stared Cas down, undeterred. "I know," he purred.
Cas sighed, but smiled. "Yes," he admitted, making a small gesture, steepling his fingers guiltily. "You got so excited by the crab. I thought it might be nice for you to see some other wildlife, too."
"What is your heart telling you is right?" Cas whispered, gently dragging his thumb over Dean's tear slicked cheek. He felt the sharp edge of his cheek bone and the familiar drag of stubble, trying to be in the moment as he waited for the hunter's reply. Being human had grounded him much more in the sensations of the body.
They continued talking quietly about the new possibilities for the afterlife as they made their way to the shower room. Dean played some music on his phone and started to strip, watching as Cas did the same. He cranked up the hot water and set out towels and washcloths before pulling Cas into the water with him, wasting no time in pulling the former angel in for a hungry kiss.
Cas whispered, "I've never done it before either. I hope I can make it… very special."
Cas muttered something in Enochian in the most broken, wanting voice. He gasped Dean's name, and he spilled endlessly into the hunter's mouth.
Cas shrugged at Dean, unsure what had made Sam so irritable, and got up from the table to get Jack.
Dean was looking into Cas's eyes now, captured by the brilliant blue of them, and by the uncertainty in them.
Dean was marginally less shocked this time and began to return the kiss with a smile on his lips. The movement felt like ecstasy in tangible form. This was a contact Cas hoped to repeat often. He felt every inch of his skin tingle and respond at every point of contact between him and Dean. He reveled in the warmth of Dean's lips and the textures of his soft lips, nipping teeth, and velvet-smooth tongue.
Dean scoffed, grabbing the paver Sam had been distracting him from. "Oh yeah? Like what?"
__________________________________________________________________
The hunter smiled sheepishly, then pointed at his chest and raised his eyebrows.
"They said they'd help research from there, but we are on our own as far as taking care of him."
As they turned around and came back toward their station, Cas watched in amusement as Dean encountered a small sand crab. He excitedly pointed at it and watched it burrow into the wet sand as it scampered away.
Jack hiccuped, looking surprised, then burped. The belch made him giggle and he beamed a gummy grin up at Cas and Dean from where he lay sprawled on his belly between them on the bed Cas had a hand affectionately patting his back
a dog… Weird day. Anyway, it kinda turned me around on the pet thing," Dean said, standing up.
The barrier slowly melted, and when it was finally gone, so was the anger. Dean sighed and pulled Cas into a sweet embrace, kissing his shoulder.
Dean grumbled a little but finally agreed that Cas could heal him.
Suddenly, Dean thought of something. He pulled away from Cas and held up a finger, striking a nearly comical pose in response to his revelation, "Wait… that was weird, wasn't it? Sam didn't mention… wait here! I need to see something!" And he skated down the hall in his socks again.
"No." That was all he said.
"Well, you just got the one letter on there. You have to have two. You aren't Cher."
," he finally said, pinching the bridge of his nose. He was entirely unsure what to say. "You
"Really?" He asked, incredulous.
Dean's gaze snapped up and he immediately straightened his posture and adjusted his jacket with a smile. "Whoa, Cas. You look good."
Dean snapped the handcuffs on him and watched as his wings went slack and dull. He blindfolded Cas with a grin, hands lingering on him just a little too long, and unable to resist the temptation to kiss Cas's ear.
"Here we shall bed."
Dean took another bite of the burger, barely stifling a moan this time. This burger was really something. Cas had a knack, which was really impressive since he couldn't taste anything. Dean knew he had been studying cookbook after cookbook like it was the word of God, and watching crazy stupid amounts of Food Network before he disappeared. Dean had been dubious that Cas would be able to develop real skill at cooking without a sense of taste, but it sure had paid off.
to see you the way you see me, sunshine. I can’t stop thinking about it. I know you won’t be a Playboy Bunny, okay? That’s not why I want this. I wanna see you – I’ve never
Cas smiled nervously at Dean.
"Don't worry, Jack. Please, let me take you somewhere else," Cas pleaded, trying gently once more to lead him away. Yet again, the simple touch was too much. He jerked away, and in the process, he smacked his elbow against the door casing.
Cas gave an awkward shrug. "I have regular opportunities to eat at work. I eat on each break."
Cas nodded, shifting to see the screen. "Yes, of course. What is it?"
Dean was calling him. He hesitated for a moment before picking up.
“I really do like ‘em though Cas. They frame those eyes and… well, you know I’m crazy about your eyes.”
Dean shifted uncomfortably and didn't respond, but Cas could sense his heart lighten just a bit more. "I don't think there are any words I could say that would convey to you what I mean. You are so amazing, Dean. Kind. Loving." The angel didn't want to push too far. There was a delicate balance with giving Dean praise when he was down like this. Too much and he'd become distrustful. Too little and his own cruel thoughts would drown out any praise.
When Cas returned, he smiled as he saw Dean there picking away as he still stood by the kitchen table, hitting the occasional bum note or failing a chord and grimacing, but otherwise making a joyful noise.
Dean chuckled with a roguish grin, arching an eyebrow. "Are you sure? About my rigidity? I remember it differently, I guess. See I think you seem... really
. There was security in that. He mimicked the fantasies he'd had for so long. Dean released the iron grip he'd taken on Castiel's arm and raked his blunt nails against his bare chest.
"I'm so sorry, I didn't know!" Reflexively, he held a hand over the patch of gauze, but for the first time since realizing he was human, his heart sank. Where once healing light suffused with love and longing would have stitched his beloved’s wound back together and sealed it closed in a moment, nothing happened.  He didn’t need to remove the gauze to know that the wound remained.
"I'm sorry. I texted, but y'know… I was kinda worried you'd be mad at me," Dean muttered sheepishly.
"You may exchange the rings," she said holding Eileen's ring out to Sam first.
Cas's fingers glowed for a moment and he did that sacrilegious thing Dean loved  - grace lube - and he slowly, carefully, sweetly began to open Dean up.
"Well, I… uh, no," Dean spluttered. "Anyway, let's just watch the movie." He said, blushing fiercely and hitting the play button with more enthusiasm than necessary. He flashed Cas a shy grin, though. Cas reluctantly returned it.
It made Cas angry, or at least he used to think it was anger that he felt. In actuality, it ripped his heart to shreds. It made him feel confused and hopeless and yet strangely hopeful all at once. Despite that, he knew it was false hope, and that is what hurt the most. Cas wanted everything with the hunter - he craved the idea of his consistent companionship, the promise of closeness, the heat of his skin, but most desperately Castiel wanted to just love the hunter with the same reckless abandon that Dean loved everyone else. Everyone, it felt like, but Cas. If Dean really wanted him in the same way, he would have let Cas know by now. His behavior since Cas had known him was evidence that the hunter was not shy about those types of wants. Whatever it was that Dean did want - Cas just didn't know.
"Uh…The Rain Song-," then he stopped. He smiled but groaned reluctantly. "Oh, god Sam. No, not… not that … I know what I need to play."
"I'll help you, come on."
Dean made a disgusted sound and said sharply, "Cas, NO. We are not going to make my brother's
In a snap, he stepped forward, slid the zippo in his sleeve down to his hand, flicked it, and dropped it onto the floor as the Winchester's had instructed. A ring of flame erupted around the angel and she shrieked angrily as Kevin bounded the stairs away from her in a flash.
He scrambled to Sam, who was groaning and clutching his head. "Sammy? Sammy? You good? How many fingers?"
Cas cut him a glance before getting up to get the tip and answer the door.
"Yeah, Cas," he panted in encouragement, squirming with delight under the pressure.
The two walked closer to Sam and Dean
Cas stared at the little tan pills in his hand curiously.
"I didn't do shit, Sammy. Thanks for the vote of confidence, though, really. It wasn't me. You're talking to the wrong guy."
have me," he said, his voice fragile and so low and full of feeling it crackled.
"Does Dean know you're drunk?"
"Unnecessary, don't be upset. I know you like to chew on things, but Dean bought you this," he said, standing and reaching into the pack and play. He held up a firm rubbery toy. "An artificial cookie to chew on. It looks like food but it is meant to fool you," Cas said matter-of-factly.
Dean shrugged and nodded.
Kevin smiled sheepishly. “I kinda changed it, actually. I was going into pre-doctoral mathematics when we met, but uh… I’m going for anthropology now, specializing in traditions and folklore.”
"So what do you think about doing? I mean, those were just my ideas."
I switched the roles so it wouldn't be a total rip off of their art and it would better fit the vibe of the chapter, but I saw that piece on their page and I was like "oh, yeah, I gotta make Cas put on that hat he gave Dean". There was just no question in my mind! You should check out her other stuff as well. Lovely stuff, all of it.
"What is it? Why do you wish to talk about it
Sam wiped his eyes and pulled Dean in for a big hug. The elder Winchester pretended to grouse and grumble but it was obvious he was holding on just as tightly.
"It isn't happening again!"
It took him a moment to find the words as he looked into Dean's serious, concerned eyes.
"Hello, Dean. Come with me, I have something to show you," he said, looking strangely serious. He led the hunter out to the garage and over to Baby, who was shining and cleaner than Dean had left her. Dean chuckled.
They traipsed inside, and Dean grumbled and shot dirty glances at Jack all the way.
Cas was soothed  immediately.
Cas shrugged but nodded. “You have my word.”
After Cas cleaned them up and put out the fire, they walked back into the bunker together, chatting lightly. Sam and Eileen were in the library, trying to teach Miracle to sit and heel.
He knew Dean would protest, but even that took a backseat to his embarrassment at the whole situation.
"He - he never got it. Me. Especially the bi thing. He, uh, he fucking lost it when he found out I was… 'gay for pay'," Dean laughed bitterly as fresh tears coursed down his face and fell on Castiel's neck. The angel could feel him making a fist as he clung to him.
"Why? There's already seating."
"No, no. I just mean, I win because you win."
"Yeah, shuddup," Dean said, affectionately nudging Cas with his shoulder.
Dean's heart raced and his morning wood got a second wind. Dean's eyes went wide and he nodded eagerly.
A problem arose only a few weeks after this loveless proposal. Dean had met a man that thrilled him to be near. He smelled so enchanting, and spoke so soft and low that the gentle rumble of his voice livened the blood in Dean's veins. An omega with the most incredible eyes he'd ever gazed upon. He had a certain arrogance, which Dean found unusual, but it was all a part of a game with Castiel Novak.
He thought about probing their bond to ask him something but - he needed to focus.
Cas quirked his head. "I thought you would be happy? You love your brother."
all at once as if dozens of very lightly electrically charged hands - but then again not like hands at all - were touching him all over.
Dean gasped as Cas spun him around by the shoulders and shoved his hands up next to his face on either side - and Dean was surprised to find them stuck there with grace. "Oh shit," he whispered.
to Sam and Eileen - he’d just said he loved them in front of a ton of people. He felt a little proud in that moment, even if the speech was otherwise awkward and lackluster. Cas was right, he could appreciate that now. It was brave to say what’s on your heart.
"And told you, I can tell you're not!"
Cas rolled his eyes and took them off again, staring at them. "Let me see the incantation," he demanded.
“And Emma -,”
"You're a toddler. It's bad enough we give you beer. No."
He knew he couldn't stimulate Cas too much that way - making him lose control to the point of taking his true form was not his goal, or even a good idea right now. But urging him closer, making him lose his usually unshakable grip - oh, yeah. Dean craved that.
bluffing. It was two days ago, give it time. I
Samuel spent the next days prying Dean in any lucid waking moments, desperately trying to find the name of the secret love. He would only laugh in a deranged and angry cackle until he was reduced to coughing and shuddering in his bed.
Dean rolled his eyes and waited to get Eileen's attention. "You wanna stay for dinner? Wednesday is burger night. I'm cooking. Burgers and brews?"
Cas nodded. He glanced at Miracle briefly, then turned fully to face Dean, stepping close.
It took Dean a while, but he could feel the moment he relaxed and yielded to Cas enough, because a flood of warmth filled him, taking his breath. Suddenly, he couldn't feel his body. He felt a brief panic at that but Castiel was there.
Cas handed him the empty popcorn bowl with a raised eyebrow. “Could you make some more first?”
Dean felt all the air rush out of his lungs. "Oh sweet Jesus Cas, do not get me started up again," Dean laughed.
Jack blinked at him several times. "Dean, I'm God. I'm actually
Cas kept up his punishing pace, jerking him relentlessly, but now leaned forward to bite Dean again and again, biting all along his hunter's neck and down to the spot on his clavicle - where he bit harder than before. That was what made it impossible for Dean to hold back. That was when he groaned loudly, the sound echoing sinfully through the garage and came, hard. Cas's name ripped from his lungs raggedly. He was left panting helplessly.
But Samuel noticed even in the short time of the visit, the color was coming back to his brother's cheeks and a strength coming back to his voice.
"Oh." Cas squirmed uncomfortably. He paused. He wanted to say something but resumed eating the soup.
him - for the first time.
"I heard you."
As they made the hike up to the tranquil space nestled in the trees, Dean was playing music on his phone, a mix of classic rock and folk rock that he’d compiled over the years. IT still didn’t beat the grainy, nostalgic buzz of a tape deck or his record player, but he’d rather listen to the eerily crisp sound of digitally remastered tunes than not have music at all.
humans were. He had somewhat forgotten that Dean rarely hunting anymore did not mean Dean couldn't or wouldn't get injured. It was a cut this time - next time what if he lost a limb? Or his life? What if Cas wasn't fast enough to help him? What if Dean refused to let Cas heal him when he was mortally sick or wounded?
What did you think? So who's really in control here?    ; ]
"Because spouses
"Years," Cas corrected with a chuckle, but the playful comment felt more like an insult. Dean winced as he paced.
"I'm not. I don't care."
Sam crossed his arms, shaking his head. "That doesn't even sound like you."
Castiel was a mess. He couldn't think, it was as if his mind was thrust into a state of only chaotic ecstatic vibrations. He was past the point of being able to form even Enochian anymore and all that came out of his lips were sweet, needy noises that shot fire right through Dean's blood every time.
Cas managed a smile and nodded before turning his attention back to the cheese sauce. In truth, it wasn't the cut that had him like this. While Cas desperately wanted to heal it, he knew that Dean was truly fine and in no danger or significant pain.
"Cas, no. No! It's all I've wanted. I thought maybe…. You regretted it. I thought you wanted things to go back to like they were before," Dean said, a bit ashamed. He realized that he'd picked a fight over nothing. He knew it came from his own insecurities, but couldn’t shake the feeling that he’d almost - already - fucked it all up.
me you would never dishonor me. I already know. I do not care who you flirt with," he said, then leaned in close, "because we both know you're
"Uh… but what about the, uh... pizza man?" Dean suggested with a grin.
"I'll have you as long as you'll have me too. Forever," the hunter said with a shy, tender smile.
“Ohh,” Cas said. He’d heard that just fine. “Inside…? Mm.” He nodded fiercely and his thrusts picked up a little more enthusiasm at that. He locked his arms under Dean and set a delicious rolling rhythm into place as he bucked into him again and again.
Dean laid next to him then with his chest to Castiel's back. He snaked a hand around to find Castiel's and lightly held it like that.
"It's your birthday. That's the day your loved ones celebrate you. That's what I'm given to understand. So I'm saying that I'm very glad you were born so I could celebrate with you. This is a very nice way to do it." He explained this very slowly so Dean would understand.
"I'm not a fuckin' magic nut, you two are. So you fix him. He's got all that phenomenal cosmic power in his itty bitty living space and all it's doing right now is making it so he's a sitting duck. We're running out of time, dammit!" Dean argued, slamming his hand on the table. His voice was raised, and his expression was dark.
"Well, it made me feel good when I realized I was bi. Even better when I came out," Dean said, hoping to gently inspire revelation in the angel.
"Sam! I need your help. I fucked up," Dean whispered fretfully.
"Well, Sam is a good, brave, smart guy. And man, I am so proud of you. So proud," he said, sniffing, looking right at Sam. "And Eileen, you - you have no idea how happy you make him. He's like his old self - the Sammy he hasn't gotten to be in a long time - now that he's with you. You make him smile like he did back when we were younger. And you're incredible, kick a-… you know what? Screw it. You are
He was no match for the angel's strength, however. Abigail reached his arms and blocked the attack easily. She gave him a sickening smile and threw him over the balcony with angelic strength. With a yelp, he landed in a heap on the War Room table.
"A toy?" Cas said, dubious.
He began to play. By any measure of his actual abilities, he did horribly. It was out of rhythm, he was hitting bad notes, and kept getting distracted. But everyone was laughing and cheering for him anyway.
"Why?"
"It's real hot," Dean said, giving Jack a sympathetic look. "It must’ve hurt ‘im. He probably didn't realize Sammy didn't mean to."
Dean gently guided Cas over to the couch in the living room. He whipped out his phone and ordered their usual pizzas on the app.
Cas closed his eye and chuckled low in his throat. “That seems fair enough.”
"Oh."
But Dean just sighed, rolling his eyes. "I guess there's worse things I could come home to than my awesome partner waiting naked in my bed, peanuts be damned. At least you're here. Wasn't sure you would be."
The men blinked owlishly at the two women.
Sam just cut him a bitchy look and stayed silent.
"Y'know, Cas," Dean crooned into his ear, "some things are worth doing nice," he said pausing to nibble on Cas's ear, "and slow."
He looked into Dean's watery, unfocused eyes. "Then how do you think I feel? I don't have an option, Dean!" Cas asked, eyes pleasing and voice shaky and desperate.
Dean pulled away slightly and then dove back and nibbled at Cas’s lower lip. “Your choice, Cas. Swallow it, or give it back to me and I will,” he said in a near growl.
Dean was tired of Rowena cleaning them all out, so he sat out a round and got down on the floor with Jack. He played peekaboo and made silly faces. He opened the snaps on the front of his onesie pajamas (that were printed with tiny rubber ducks and emblazoned with the words “DUCKING ADORABLE”) to give him a big raspberry on his tiny soft belly until the baby was squealing with laughter. Dean was also laughing. Seeing the kid laugh with his whole body made Dean laugh too. He looked up as Cas to see he was beaming back at him already, laughing himself. Sam was giving him a sappy smile. So was Eileen, but Rowena was busy gloating about her huge pile of poker chips and counting them out dramatically.
Cas hesitated before shaking his head, "I'm not sure he would be receptive to that. It’s probably best that you keep this between us."
"Uh, yeah Cas. I think we are." Dean said a little flatly. Cas sighed in relief.
Cas suddenly stood and clasped a hand on Sam. The angel's eyes glowed blue and Sam found himself outside the door. He shook off the vertigo of sudden transportation and cast a salty look at the door with a huff. He really hadn't expected Castiel to act like a moody teenager, drinking secretly and holing up in his room.
“You thought you could torture me and get by with it?” She screamed at Eileen before she kept walking forward. She turned around and picked Sam up, just to throw him once more into the shelving. He had been beaten badly. He had a black eye, bloody nose, split lip, and bruises all over.
"Intimate?" Cas suggested.
"Everything?"
I also want to send big thanks to my beta reader,
Dean sighed and looked at Cas, awkwardly shifting his weight. “It’s okay, Cas. It was a new thing. I’m sure it was hard for you to see me like that, even if it wasn't my fault,” Dean said, looking askance. He didn't remember it clearly, just the bite, sort of a sexy dance she was doing that had him in her thrall, a blurred memory of a kiss, and the look on Cas's face when the venom cleared.
Dean thought.
“You need to apologize, you need to talk to him. It’s healthy. You hurt his feelings. And you need to talk to him about what happened with the succubus the other night too. Explain your feelings.”
Dean groaned loudly to interrupt him.
13. I'm No Angel - Dido
It took him quite a while to realize that Dean was crying too. The hunter moved his arm from resting on Cas's arm. That caused momentary panic, which Dean had to shush away through his own tears - before wrapping both his arms tight around Cas.
"Go rest, Cas. Take a break," Dean yawned as he bounced on the balls of his feet.
"That was just thirteen minutes?"
“Ugh...research.”
"You can say anything. I'm not stopping you."
Dean blushed again. "Um, I think that's up to you."
Cas said. More warmth, more colors, colors he didn't know names for.
Casl was kneeling, drawing on the floor in his blood soaked fingertip. His other palm was slick and red, covered.
"Both," Dean said, sipping on the drink.
Satisfied, he put the car in gear and kept driving.
"I dont wanna have to buy new clothes. I had to start exercising," he grumbled with a grimace at the thought. "Don't tell Sam."
"Dean. I'm not hungry for cheese."
"He's well. I - I should make him a bottle."
"We have to start putting this soft stuff on all the sharp edges right away. I read an article while you were in the bathroom and it says it's only a matter of time - and not much time! - before he starts pulling up on stuff. We gotta put these child proofing locks on the weaponry areas too, like… yesterday! Jesus Sammy, I can't believe he can crawl. I'm gonna blink and the little shit will be walking and talking and putting stuff in his mouth -,"
"Oh," Cas said breathlessly, now very aware of how close they were standing.
----------------------------------------------------
"ALL THREE?! You watched all three?!"
Dean put his hands in his pockets and gave Cas a smoldering look.  "Hey," was all he said.
Cas looked at the object, frowning. "You put this inside yourself? Without me?"
"Easy - let it melt on your tongue," came Dean's gentle instruction.
“Soon, soon. Within a day. Please, Dean. I need time and I need to do something. I’m just… I’m upset, confused. That’s difficult for me. I’m not meant to feel those things at all. I’m… different,” Cas lamented.
She scowled. "How rude. Not that I'm surprised. Ah, well." She snapped at some sulky looking demon. "Take it away, Roland." She said, gesturing grandly at the delicate teacup set across from her.
Little Sam seemed unperturbed by the music but did finally stop beating Dean and himself over the head with the balloon to instead grab it and giggle and babble excitedly to Dean at each swell in the sound. Dean smiled at him.
Dean didn't care about the names of flowers. He thought they were pretty enough, but botanical knowledge wasn't that captivating. Still, Cas made him learn a little anyway. He supposed it was payback for all the subpar movies he made Cas watch. He walked around the perimeter of the garden, stretching and enjoying the sunshine despite the chilled air as Castiel spoke quietly to him about the creation of flowers and various meanings and symbolism they've held to humans throughout time. Even though the subject matter itself would bore him, hearing Cas telling him something he was passionate about always warmed his heart.
“Ah, mm-hmm,” was all Castiel could seem to muster for a response. He bit his lip to try to stay quiet, because all he really wanted to do at the moment was spout enthusiastic praises to Dean so that he never stopped. The hunter needed no instruction on that front however. He quickly resumed his oral mapping of every last dip and curve of muscle along the way down, down, down to a resting place just above the waistband of his boxer that made all the hair on Cas’s body stand on end as Dean nipped and licked sinful searing stripes.
"Okay, I hear ya. What if... I had too many toes? Like… sixteen toes," Dean deadpanned. He knew it was absurd, but if he couldn't figure out how to assuage Castiel's fears, he could at least make him laugh.
Sam gave them a passing look of shock. “You are pretty savage,” Dean shrugged as he passed.
"You do show me. Look around. You do so many things for me. You don't need to do anything else."
Dean was still bitter about Castiel's comment on his age, so he didn't say anything about this song and refused to think it might be an okay tune.
"Yeah," was Dean's breathless response. Cas eased up and they quickly shimmied out of the rest of the clothes, tossing them onto the floor. Cas wasted no time getting back on top of Dean, pouncing on him so eagerly that it stole the hunter's breath for a moment.
Cas sighed. "I don't require that sort of satisfaction. What will satisfy me is being able to comfort you when you're hurt, to share your joys, to ease your burdens. I will be satisfied by being able to share your life and your love."
----------------------------------------------------
It was hard for Dean to admit he wanted to this, especially out loud - but he did, he wanted to give control to Cas. Dean fought viciously to control everything in his life, even if it was irrelevant, but Cas... he was so strong and so comforting. Most of all, Dean trusted him completely. Perhaps even more so after the incident in the shower - Cas knew Dean's limits better than
Dean thought it was sort of cheating, but he was absolutely
Cas wants to be a good lover. He has witnessed millennia of human sex acts, so he feels although he is inexperienced, he can still do well for his hunter. He tried to muster up the presence of mind amid the intense pleasure to grasp Dean's cock and pump in tandem. Immediately he could see why the man urged him to vocalize his pleasure freely - each gasp or moan Dean gave sent waves of pleasure rolling through Cas' body.
"I was thinking 'boyfriend' at first but man, I don't know," he said with a frown. "Sounds kinda like we're teenagers if I say that."
"Like when I put the honey in your mouth in the garden?"
He handed Dean a small stack of photos. The hunter thumbed through them with a sense of déjà vu. When it hit him, it made Dean gasp. "These aren't pictures - they're
"Donna and Jody are helping Eileen get ready. Cas is done transporting the food and cake and already back here. Oh, and he says Miracle is good to go. And...Charlie set up music to pump the bass up on a subwoofer to shake Eileen's damn socks off during the reception. Bobby laid out the white napkins in the reception hall. I saw in the group text that your other terp buddies are gonna be here in five. The other hunters are mostly here and already seated. Balloons are already delivered to the reception hall. Ro is here to officiate, of course, she's looking great. Hey, does it seem a little weird you're getting married by the queen of Hell? Ah, fuck it, it's not the weirdest thing that's ever happened to us. Jack made it, he's ready of course, the kid is looking sharp by all reports. We're getting close to showtime, Sammy," Dean said, pacing in the bathroom and ticking off his fingers, as Sam calmly adjusted his emerald green waistcoat and tie.
Cas said through their bond.
Cas looked up. “Oh?”
"I love you too, Cas," he choked out, gasping as the angel's rhythm picked up speed.
Come,” Dean goaded again in between panting breaths and the rolling of his body against Cas’s, making the impact of Cas’s hips against the tops of his thighs as he plunged his cock deeper even sweeter. Each filthy word the hunter spoke filled Cas with more and more heat. Aching, searing, heat, tensing inside him.
After almost an hour, the bunker door creaked open. Sam walked through the door grimacing. The source of his displeasure was immediately evident as a woman dressed in grey with icy blue eyes, long blonde hair, and a thin, unkind mouth pushed him to the edge of the balcony while holding an angel blade to his throat.
Cas frowned, but didn't say anything. Dean gave him a sympathetic look.
Cas shrugged. "I can't say sand sculpture is one of my passions."
Later that evening, as the two laid together on the couch watching their third episode of a telenovela Cas was obsessed with and Dean was pretending not to like, Dean’s phone rang. “Oh, it's Sam. Pause it?”
"Yes sir," Dean said with a shaky exhale, beaming.
Cas gave him a quizzical look.
"I'm happy though, I am. I'm very proud too. It's just strange because… he needs me a little less. And in a way, that's very good. It means we’re doing things right. But I also feel a little saddened by that, it seems."
Cas cocked his head slightly, and thought for a moment. "I don't understand that reference," he muttered, and he left the room for more coffee.
"It means that you should hope I like this movie or you'll be watching a long documentary I found recently regarding the mating habits of different bee species."
he thought.
Within two minutes, Jack was up and playing with his blocks. He was signing some little indistinguishable song, and it was clear that the incident was already forgotten and far away in his mind.
“You want to give me access to the power of the only creature on this plane with anywhere near the power of God. For the sole purpose being that I destroy the power and…. Then? What do you get out of this?”
----------------------------------------------------
"I missed you too, you know. You don't need to be shy. It's only me," Cas uttered softly, looking at Dean intently.
Cas's phone lit up again on the table and he looked at it, hoping it was a message from Dean. When he saw it, his eyes went wide. In a panic, Castiel immediately swiped it off the table and sent it flying across the room. Jack just stared at him with concern and surprise, silently chewing.
The second strike came just three days later. Dean, Sam, and Cas were having a quiet evening in the bunker, reading and cataloging the Men of Letters library and adding their notes and extra information where needed at Sam's insistence.
“I can’t get over how… big you are. You weren’t joking, buddy.”
"You do. Sometimes quite loudly. Please, watch the road, Dean," he calmly stated.
This is just a really soft, sweet chapter with intimacy but no real smut, just an fyi! Dean's a real sweetie in this one. Actually, so is Cas. I love these guys.
As he finally reached the bank he was not only drenched, but covered in thick slimy ropes of algae and globs of mud. His grace was weak, and he knew he shouldn't, but he graced away the water and muck as he began to make his way back to the bunker.  Suddenly, he felt shaky and very tired. He marveled at the unusual sensation of it but tried to shake it off.
Dean just cut him a flat, piercing look.
The relief was short-lived. Castiel froze and his eyes shot open wide in shock. He was taken completely by surprise. He didn't move away, but he did not reciprocate. When Dean pulled away from his lips after what simultaneously felt like an eternity and yet a blink of an eye, Castiel couldn't wipe the shock away from his face.
They lay there, entangled, for a short time, breathing, the dewy sweat and come cooling between them. Dean pulled out with a hiss at the oversensitivity and released Cas from the handcuffs with a tired smile. He was happy to see Cas's wings perk up and return to their usual vibrance.
Dean's laughter finally subsided. "Cas, I know you want me. You don't have to do stuff like that. You can just be you. Don't feel like you have to research this stuff. Just be natural. Just be you. You're what I l-like." Dean flushed and felt his head spin again. He tried to say it, but he chickened out at the last second.
"I don't want that - thing I did -to come between us. I already said I was sorry. I was half-asleep, I didn't mean to."
"No, I do not."
"But-"
"Oh, I don't know how to say...it's... perfection, it's divinity in physical sensation," he whispered in a rough tone. "I can't describe it to you. It's not like a physical sensation you could relate to."
Cas shook his head, frowning. "No. It could hurt you."
me the first time we met," Cas protested.
Cas shrugged. "I used to ask myself that. None of the other angels seem to experience that. Except Gabriel, I suppose, although I’m not sure I’d call that ‘love’. I still think it might have to do with appreciating humans and spending time among them, though. The more I do that, the more I see value and the more I...feel. And especially after I became human, I feel so much more deeply even with my grace restored."
"Ah, well-,"
A soft cooing.
"Sorry? You're sorry?" Castiel felt dumbfounded. The constant loneliness and longing he had sensed from Dean that seemed to grow worse and worse with the passing of years made so much more sense now.
"Well, how was I supposed to know that? Huh? What were you thinking? You should have
They rutted wildly for a few moments before finding a blissful, rolling rhythm. More sounds poured from them, each one sending tingling sensations down Castiel's spine.
Dean shrugged again.
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, “When? When will you come back?” Castiel could hear the thickness and the desperation in his hunter's voice - he knew he was holding back tears. The angel felt a pang of guilt.
"Oh. Uh. Okay. I keep forgetting you can talk to him. Uh. Makes me feel kinda silly talking to him like that," Dean chuckled sheepishly.
It was a simple waltz box step - nothing fancy.  But their breath seemed to chase closely to each other and they were chest to chest, in each other’s space and even though they were in a room full of people with their eyes on them, it felt like they were
"Sam, I am
. It's a good goddamn thing he's cute, I'm not joking," Dean grumbled with a slight huff of laughter as he started to get up.
Cas easily slung the huge box over his shoulder, giving Dean a puzzled look.
“I can relate to that.”
“Oh shit! Right, okay, I know you’ve said that. I just forget sometimes about your background mojo. So they’re both into each other, like, for real, right?”
“Research? Are you deep in the Cosmos and Better Housekeepings and shit again? You’ve got to stop that, I told you!” Dean said, frustrated.
"...uh, no," Dean admitted, looking down at the tiles again.
He bolted into the water, stopping at his knees, waiting to feel the misty ocean water as a wave rolled over right in front of him, making him sway. He dipped a hand into the seafoam and lifted it to inspect the bubbles, fading fast. Cas gently took his other hand, lacing their fingers.
If you are still in a holiday mood, I made a VERY SILLY holiday one-shot: https://archiveofourown.org/works/28290858   =]   I just really wanted happy Team Free Will 2.0 and co and mistletoe kisses!
The Doctor looked at him sharply.
“Rest, Dean. I’ll be here.”
Cas may not have needed sleep, but tending to an infant certainly left him feeling tired. Either his diminishing grace contributed to his exhaustion or it was just the stress of it all. He did not want to nap per se, but the idea of lying down in a dark quiet room sounded very appealing.
Dean was amazed and deeply touched by the gesture. "Looks like you're better at gifts than you thought, Cas," he muttered aloud with an awed grin.
He kissed Cas's cheek and then offered him his arm. Cas stared at his bent elbow. "What do I do now?" He asked with a pensive look.
“Fuck, Cas,” the hunter muttered, “that was amazing.”
Sam and Eileen quietly walked toward the library to give them space.
Dean gripped his aching member and guided himself into the slickness of Castiel. There was little resistance, and Castiel yelped delectably in his ear as he breached him. Castiel's wet heat surrounding him made him groan which then faded into a growl. All Dean's sensibility and inhibitions were now gone, and all that mattered now was to be sheathed as deeply in his love as possible, over and over.
"What's wrong with me is that there are people dying out there and I'm stuck in here! I need to get out of here. We all have better shit we could be doing but you don't want to fix Jack," Dean accused, shifting to point at Cas, "You just wanna fuck around letting him eat cereal in bed and watch movies. There's a world to save, dammit!"
“Yeah! Breakfast!” Dean said back with equal enthusiasm.
I don't have any specific plans for this fic. I’m taking it one chapter at a time. I'm honestly just writing to heal/work through s15e18 (I love you Bobo Berens) through s15e20 (um, NO), and if you like this too, please come along with me and I'll try to post somewhat regularly. I don’t promise to be a perfect author, in fact, I would like to state directly, unambiguously - I am not a talented writer, I have never ever written fanfic of any kind before, and I know it is cringe CITY here at times. I know there are more talented writers on here, but I just want to share this and this is kind of my therapy. If you like it and it helps you, I welcome you! If you have any specific requests for future chapters, please leave a comment to let me know. Your kudos and comments make my day! <3 <3 <3
“It’s beautiful, halo or not. You’re…
A moment later he brought Sam back.
"You don't have to. I just wondered. Seemed like you were kinda interested in my neck." Dean said, trying to hide his disappointment with a chuckle.
"Nothing. Nothing is wrong - for once in my life Cas, everything is right. I… well I wanna say something," he said, blinking away the sting in his eyes.
"Hmm… they changed after a mission I had for heaven. That's all. It isn't bad."
"We could take Baby to car shows. You could sell your honey and flowers at the farmer's market in the summer. Or anything," he continued, leaping up from the couch, using dramatic hand gestures as he paced excitedly around the living room. Dean tended to feel excitement in his whole body and need to move and fidget to expel it.
He stayed there a minute, looking at Cas. “You know,” he said out loud to the unconscious angel, “I do love you too. I guess she’s right. It’ll all work out.”
I also want to send big thanks to my beta reader,
"Samuel." Rowena was saying. Sam opted to silently sign his vows too, having Emily speak for both of them.
"I know how much pictures mean to you. How you saved the ones you could all that time, you know? I left some empty space in the back for you to put the pictures you have already in there so they'll be safe too.”
"Sam, she's a good person now. You're being a dick. Jack knows she's good. But I wonder if you do. I thought you loved her," Eileen accused.
Dean knew that wasn’t true, of course, he didn’t really think Cas was stupid. But he wished he was. Then he could pretend Cas didn’t know what he was so afraid to say. Dean knew. Dean knew about the longing and what he wanted, and if what Cas said tonight was true, then the angel knew too.
Castiel smiled warmly at Dean as he came over to him, who laid out in the grass eagerly for his angel. He positioned himself over the righteous man, placing sweet kisses down his chest, clavicle, abdomen, and then making his way lower and lower, slowly. He let his hands roam over the hunter's body, finally coming to rest where his hips and thighs met for a moment before grasping the base of Dean’s cock firmly and, after a slightly quizzical look, licking it curiously. He seemed to decide it was not too bad, and swallowed Dean down to the hilt, sucking lightly, as if to test before ramping up the intensity a bit. It took him a while to find a rhythm he liked, but not too long.
Cas looked askance and stifled a sigh. "They're still essentially dormant."
"Yes, show me."
"Well, the town of Lebanon and your brother will probably be happy it's not going to be a regular occurrence, then," Cas said with a sigh.
"I love porno mags too, doesn't mean I should
Cas looked at him, glancing around. "Who?"
Dean rolled his eyes and cut a more normal bite as he said, "'My vessel can't accommodate that'. That's not what you said about my dick," in a mocking tone.
“Do I wanna know…?” Sam said weakly.
“Aw, hey,” Dean said, grabbing Cas’s hand. “I ain’t mad about it. I kinda like it now. Lube is optional now for rubbin’ one out, and when it’s, well…
, Dean," he said in a voice that made the hunter instantly flush. "I have since the moment you began to out in the garden. And yes, I want you to see my true form. But I'm still concerned you'll be…horrified."
"No, no, that's not the lesson here, Dean."
"I wanna taste you everyday. You taste like honey and salt and fucking lightning," Dean murmured, clinging hard to the trenchcoat lapels.
Dean meets with an old friend for his favor. Dean gives Sam some brotherly hell after they have a successful hunt. Dean and Cas have a tender moment of real emotional vulnerability and overcoming old (emotional) demons for Dean, born out of a disagreement about the appropriateness of eating in bed. Dean and Cas have a special moment in the garden. Dean asks to see Castiel's true form. Dean tells Sam a secret. The author is still bad at summaries, which is why they have to copy and paste in the main summary because they literally have never said anything interesting in the summary and should probably give it up. It's not required, after all.
Cas just shrugged. "He's very attractive, Sam. Self-restraint is difficult to come by in his presence."
After a few moments, she pulled away with a smile and squeezed his shoulder. “Now, stop stalling. Time to fix you!” she said sweetly.
"I don't want to be rough with you tonight. Do you remember our safeword?"
"It's similar to Doctor Who," he said, suddenly happy that Dean was so deeply interested in television, "it would be a paradox, as they say. I can't tell you. You understand."
"We have to turn him back," Sam sighed to Rowena and Eileen once they were in his room, away from the others.
Dean nodded, even as fresh tears clung to his eyelashes and trickled down his face.
that wasn't for you. But hey, I don't judge," he said with a cocky grin, lifting his hands in mock indifference.
Cas immediately recognized the song. “I… didn’t know you knew this music.”
"Something I am not attracted to and would make me want to stop immediately…? Sam?"
"Am I supposed to feel threatened? I don't," he said it softly yet  firm enough to get his point across.
“It looks like a halo,” Dean replied, finding it very amusing, especially given that Cas did not.
Cas leaned over and got a pen and a notepad out of the end table drawer, jostling Miracle in the process, who made a disgruntled sound.
"Dean,
There was absolute silence after that for a while. Cas looked him in the eye, holding his gaze sternly for what felt like an eternity, waiting for the hunter to say something. Dean stared right back, jaw clenched.
"That's the understatement of the year," Sam chuckled ruefully. "Okay. Um, well, Jody offered me Alex's room while she's away at school, so I'll hunker down here and get to looking."
He clenched his jaw when he finished speaking and looked down at the table. Sam let him process for a moment. He knew there was something deeper here his brother was trying to grapple with, so he just let Dean think for a bit.
Finally, the noises calmed and Cas stilled. He then moved the hand over Dean’s eyes away, and the hunter could see Cas’s guilty expression in the light of the sparks pouring from the ceiling, his eyes still slightly glowing blue from the still overflowing grace. He groaned softly as he pulled out, laying next to Dean on the wide hood of the Impala.
Cas shrugged. "What ‘thing’ are you referring to?" he asked, using air quotes.
That evening, hours later, Cas came home. He could sense Dean's longing so strongly. Dean was in his room, laying on the bed, listening to music, eyes closed and nodding somberly along to the rhythm of "Wish You Were Here" by Pink Floyd. That's where he'd spent the last three days, for the most part, listening to melancholy music. Sam came in a few times and told him to stop "throwing an emo shit fit," but it did nothing to stop him. Every time Sam came into his room to bitch, he just turned the volume up louder and picked something sadder, not that Sam could hear it when he wasn't in the room anyway with the warding.
Cas crossed his arms and waved a terse greeting at Kevin before exiting the kitchen after a stirring, fussy sound came through the baby monitor.
"You give him a bath, then, chuckles. Fuck you."
"The…?"
Dean began muttering to himself.
Sam had a lot of complicated feelings about the whole situation. He loved baby Jack, of course. He sympathized with the kid and all, and he knew this was hard for Dean and Cas. He wasn't heartless. He cared tremendously. But he'd made a lot of mistakes. He and Dean had consistently chosen each other's well-being over the good of the world. It made Sam's heart ache to think that Jack was going to have to take up the God role, but they couldn't keep bring the Universe to their preferences.
Cas finished his front, then got his legs and the tops of his feet. Then he moved onto his arms, tenderly coating and working in the sunscreen very slowly. Cas wasn't in a hurry. He was lingering over Dean in the sweetest ways. He moved on to Dean's neck, face, committing each freckle to memory anew. He even tenderly applied it to the shell of each ear.
Cas nodded, breathing deeply.
Cas huffed out the shell of a laugh in response. The hunter had a point.
Dean narrowed his eyes playfully. "I've got my eye on you," he said with a smile, and then walked away in a quick shuffle as the music began playing. Eileen kicked off her shoes excitedly, twirling barefoot onto the dance floor, excitedly reaching her arms out for Sam.
! You can reblog the art directly
Cas leaned up on his elbows.
When Dean was through the waves of orgasmic pleasure, Cas pulled away, making a face, and unceremoniously spat the load onto the ground. “Ugh. That’s awful.”
He swaggered up to Cas.
"Don't thank me. I listed simple facts."
Dean just smiled at him. He was pretty sure the instructions didn't have spiritual brands in mind, but if it made his angel happy he wasn't going to stop him. Cas helped him up and they looked toward the water.
“Depends,” Cas said with a shuddering breath, eyes closing, brow furrowed, and feeling himself begin to grow hard.
"Cas," he panted, "please."
“Spend the extended weekend at False Cape Beach with you, yes. It’s a short honeymoon, but you didn’t take much time off from the garage.” Cas got so impatient waiting for Dean to catch up with him at times.
Cas nodded softly. "That's good."
Cas hurried away. He was sure that Dean was just willfully not comprehending this. He longed for Cas but something inside him kept him from admitting it.
The hunter thrust up into his lover's hand, still half grasping their cocks together, because the angel had utterly lost any semblance of rhythm. He pressed into the sensitive glands and made circular motions, one, two, three times, firm and slow, then smeared the oils between them again.
He was out of options. He had to do something. He hesitated for a moment, squeezing the steering wheel like a lifeline to reality. Slowly, he breathed, closing his eyes, then began to speak in a hushed, hopeless tone.
Cas nodded. "Yes, Jack and I will be fine. He's much more manageable now that he's human. He sleeps so much more."
"You should remove your flannel then. In the interest of fairness, of course."
“I - I didn’t know.”
This made Dean dizzy with the implications of mating and biting and yet of parting in the same breath. "Castiel, please no. You are the only thing I look forward to.  The rest of my life is so bleak. And I would love to give my bite to you…just here, I think," Dean said, dragging a finger down the sweet hollow dip between the omegas neck and collarbone slowly, looking up at his intended's eyes.
Cas nodded with a sad smile.
"Well yeah, but I figured Dean was, I dunno...repressed, so he would have focused on how angels are genderless."
Sam sighed. "Well, there's a chance it could hurt him if we can't iron out a few details. And then with magic, you know there's a chance it will just… not work on Jack."
, man," he rattled, squeezing his eyes shut to stop himself before he tipped over the edge into climax. He was close and couldn't last much longer with this gorgeous man looking blissed out in a genuine cowboy hat fucking himself ruthlessly on his cock.
"Um… we could… w-well, ah, we could touch."
Dean unzipped his lover's slacks and wasted no time in pressing his nose up to Cas's dick through his boxers as he closed his eyes, letting his nose trace up the length through the fabric.
"Are you ready, Cas?"
Sam rolled his eyes. "No, you aren't getting out of this. We already made up our minds. And when Eileen makes up her mind, there's no changing it. So tell Charlie what song you guys wanna have your first dance to," Sam said, scooping Dean into a big hug with a beaming grin.
"No, I guess I don’t really care about the false penis in particular. I just thought it would be a good way to let you know I still want you,” Cas said. Dean cackled again at “false penis”.
"It's batting for. Batting for one team more than the other. Uh… which do you prefer?" Dean laughed, scratching behind his ear and clearing his throat.
"I've told you before, you know. I would do anything you needed. Anything. If you would just ask me."
"Spells are so dramatic," Dean complained. "Did it work?"
Dean's eyes went wide. "'Every night'?"
, right then. Cas was so lovely when he was desperate. But he kept at his tender work and finally finished with the feathers, all lovely and orderly once again, shining and brilliantly iridescent.
"Yes."
“I don’t know what you were trying to say, but what you said…. It was a little hard to follow, but you said something about flaming light sources and quite a bit general gibberish, then something about the seasons.”
Cas nodded. "I am so relieved," he sighed.
"You're already very generous when you vocalize, but if you think this is important, I believe you," Cas agreed. "So what is the 'unsexy' word?"
“Um… I can fix that,” Cas said, stunned, still dazed.
I also want to send big thanks to my beta reader,
"Uh, sometimes it's nice… to do like this," he said, stroking his thumbs in small circles inside Castiel's palms.
"I'm an angel. You cannot hurt me. I've told you this. Now, shh," he said, and began moving in a sensuous rolling arc.
"No. No," was all Cas would say, shoving the fork back to Dean.
“Right. It wouldn’t make sense,” Cas confirmed. “Perhaps Sam has picked up some mild empathetic powers at some point that allowed him to connect the dots.”
To be honest, I struggled with this chapter because I really didn't want them to fight in one sense, but I really had the make-up sex in mind and I wanted to make it happen. I feel like this chapter isn't the best I've done so far, and I'm sorry about that in advance, but I have something sweet planned for the next chapter that ties in and I think it will be easier to write that will hopefully make it up to you!
“I’m not apologizing.”
Dean ignored the reply. "You're getting peanuts in my bed!"
Rowena tipped her head back and laughed.
"I thought we addressed that inside. What is your question now? I'm unsure."
Dean sighed, holding out his hands in a hopeless gesture, then dropping his arms to his sides. His eyes softened, showing the anguish rather than the veneer of ire he'd been projecting recently. "I don't really know, Sam. Cas is all clammed up. He's hiding something. Being all shady. I met him halfway. More than halfway, actually.
Cas tilted his head a bit farther, but seemed to give up analyzing the comment.
Dean was blushing and looking away. He went to withdraw his hand, but Cas set his other hand on top swiftly. He looked up at the hunter with pleading, gentle eyes.
“At least it’s a clean cut,” he sighed. Eileen nodded as she prepped the needle with suture filament. He wasn’t squeamish but it was still easier to get stitches if you didn’t look, so he set his eyes on Cas. She gently but liberally applied the lidocaine gel. They waited for it to set in before she set to work deftly stitching him back up. Dean kept his eyes on Cas with a heavy heart the whole time. After about the third stitch, Eileen piped up.
"Dean, if we're really going to raise him… the two of us… what should we have him call us?" He said, utterly in awe of the sleeping baby.
"No!"
"And what did you name the little scamp?"
Dean realized then that while he didn't know what to say or how to gift Cas the elegant prose he wished he could think of to express exactly what he needed him to hear in some lovely, flourishing way, he did know just what to
Love to the patient, organized, AWESOME mods of the DCBB as well!
I also want to send big thanks to my beta reader,
Finally, Dean cleared his throat, blinking rapidly and swaying slightly, and in a voice that cracked he asked, "Cas what the hell are you talking about?"
, he thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't want to grow up, I don't want my powers, I-I… I can't! I can't, I can't!" Jack's eyes were glowing in brilliant golden light and a strange low buzzing sound seemed to fill the air.
"I got here a few minutes before you did," the angel said, looking back at his book.
He thought the world was whisked away from beneath his feet. The closeness and tenderness, the consummate intimacy and wordless communication of this kiss, this simple act made him feel like he was floating.
************************
Cas said nothing, but sat by Jack, smiling.
“Fuck yes, fuck Cas! Gimme that,” he panted, not even sure it made sense. He just knew that he wanted every fucking drop of it inside him. He was sure he’d feel differently later, but right now, that’s all he wanted in the world. Every twitch he felt inside made him gasp and tingle all over in hot waves.
"You're being ethnocentric and narrow minded. Just because you don't want vegetable based meals doesn't mean we shouldn't eat them!" Cas accused.
Sam blinked a few times. "Okay. That wasn’t helpful, Cas. Do you wanna explain what happened?"
"Mmm," was all Cas said, leaning up on his elbow to better admire the hunter's form with a smile. The main thing Cas could see was someone's soul, but he had learned after his time as a human to see their bodies as well, and while he had known that Dean had the most beautiful soul he'd ever seen, it hadn't been until he was human he realized his body and face were also objectively lovely. He was quite familiar with Dean's body, having carefully stitched it back together after lifting him from Hell. But he hadn't spent much time on Earth at that point or in a human vessel, so he hadn't paid attention to how lovely it was then. Now he couldn't help but grin at the hunter, thinking he was beautiful inside and out in a very literal sense.
Cas looked at him curiously, but he did. "Oh, yes, it is," he noted after several moments with a nod.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Okay, Cas."
“Och, if I’m not mad about it you don’t need to be. No need to be fired up at him forever,” Rowena soothed, taking her delicate hands and stroking Eileen’s.
"As if you don't know."
Cas gave it some thought. "Perhaps we could simply fight over something less important and emotionally difficult, like the last of the popcorn."
“Thanks for mojo-ing his clothes back, Cas. He was showing his ass,” Sam snickered.
But then there was Cas, coming up behind him with his strong, warm hands and placing them on Dean's shoulders.
"Oh yeah? What do you think of me, Cas?" Dean challenged.
, baby."
Dean chased the seagulls away as they came back toward their little camp.
Dean takes his turn to top seriously and Cas is very intent on letting Dean know who's in control.
“Then don’t!” Sam whispered back, “Just keep holding him, who knows what will set him off again. Sleeping is good, let’s keep him sleeping.”
"'M sorry. I want you, I do. I didn't mean to make it seem like I was just going through the motions."
Dean eagerly complied. Cas admired his musculature and beauty as he knelt behind the hunter. His hands traced over the smoothness of the hunter’s skin, just taking in the beauty of this man. The cut of his muscles and the deep ridges defining each one. It was a lean muscle from constantly running, fighting. And there were scars to show it, too. Cas traced his fingers gently from Dean’s neck, down his back and ribs, then low to the dip of his spine above the rising slope of his ass. Each time he saw a scar, he paused to kiss it, willing them to be healed. He wished so badly he could do that, but he knew erasing these marks from Dean’s skin wouldn’t take away the pain of the life he’d led. No, Dean was working on healing those wounds just fine. Cas was just glad that he could be part of that healing process. Their new life and new little family dynamic was a net to fall back on, but it was funny. Cas was grounded, yet he felt like soaring because in a way, he was watching Dean take control of his heart and fly.
Cas gave him a dubious look, arching his brow. He waited a moment before wryly saying, "Your voice is still hoarse." He thought for a moment, his brow furrowing. "Hmm. Does it hurt? Your throat? I could heal -," he started to say, reaching his hand up to Dean's neck. The hunter grabbed his wrist, stopping him. Cas lifted a brow in response.
Cas leapt up, snapping into action with angelic speed. He sprinted back to the bunker, crashing through the moist, leaf-strewn soil, and cursing his wings for not being able to carry him. Dean rarely prayed with deliberation, and the urgency implied was deeply troubling.
As excited as he was, he felt a bit panicky as he emerged from the shower room.
"Why are you embarrassed?"
I said “don’t do this” when I should have said “I love you, too” instead.
(See the end of the chapter for
I said “don’t do this”.
“I’m doing better… now.” It’s true. The day was hectic and Castiel yearns for closing time. But seeing a friendly – and damn good looking – face lights up his mood.
“Are you gonna give me that order or do I need to read your mind?”, Castiel’s boss barks from out of the kitchen.
“Okay”, Castiel completes the order in the register, “and, what’s your name?” He will give it a try.
Dean and the girl are whispering with each other. Neither of them takes notice of their food. Castiel takes a deep breath before he calls: “Dean”.
He hands it to Dean, who stepped closer to the counter again. Dean rolls his eyes funnily as he sees the big numerics.
Don’t think I didn’t know. I have made my mistakes. Fuck, I’ve made far to many. But don’t mistake my cowardice for ignorance.
“Um, this is Charlie”, he introduces.
Dean looks like he’d like to strangle his best friend right here and now.
Both of them stay in awkward silence for a moment, unsure what to do now.
Cas smiles at him. “What’s that?” He looks down at the photos Dean absentmindedly put on the floor next to him.
“You weren’t here yesterday.”
“Maybe”, Cas says, “we could make a photo album with these and some more. We could ask Jody and Claire.”
His tongue dry and heavy.
In order of appearance:
“Why are you sitting here on the kitchen floor? The last time I checked, you had your own room.” Dean knows it’s not fair. Because Cas’ room is nothing more then that: a room. It contains only the bare necessities: a bed, a cupboard, a little desk. Not that it’s necessary for Cas anyway. But it’s certainly nothing personal.
Castiel would rather not, but there is no use in debating with Chuck. Besides, he appreciates to sit down for a while. He takes some of the French fries as his break meal, puts his little apron aside and sits down at the different end of the diner. He doesn’t want to look over to Dean and the girl, but with how wild they are gesticulating while whispering suspiciously low, it’s impossible not to be distracted. The girl is pointing clearly at Castiel and Dean pushes her hand down again and again. He tries just as much not to look at Castiel as he does vice versa. Neither of them succeeds.
“Nothing would change, right?” It’s not like Dean hadn’t thought about the impact it would have to act on his feelings. Part of him knows that his concerns are unjustified, but he could need some reassurance here. It’s been so long now and Dean is tired of his own insecurity. Fucking coward.
Dean breathes – in, out, in, out – his mind feels blank but there is the beating of his heart that steadies him.
Dean swallows. “You mean, this is like a multiverse peephole?” He watches the scene further.  Dean – that version of Dean – reaches a decayed shack. He is not alone. Cas is with him. It hurts Dean (both of them, he can tell) to see him like that. He looks more broken than ever. That’s not only coming from his bloodily torn back and
Dean searches for an answer, but doesn’t seem to find the right words, so he settles for a small nod. They just smile at each other every now and then. When Dean’s food is ready, Castiel grabs the pen again. Maybe Dean is more of a writing guy. He scribbles down his email address to hand it over with a wink. He clearly sees Dean blush before he makes off.
“Of course.”
“Hello Dean.”
He’s sleeping.
Dissatisfied with himself Dean stands up. It’s nearly two am. He sure as hell can’t sleep right now, but he sure as hell won’t lay in bed moping either.
“You could have asked.” Cas’ voice echoes unexpectedly loud in the silent kitchen. His eyes are still closed. Dean is taken by surprise and for a split second he feels the urge to let go of Cas’ hand, but somehow he manages to stay still. Cas doesn’t seem to reject the handholding, so why should he bother at this point?
That’s when Dean wakes up, a bit dizzy in his head and wondering, whether this happened or not.
“Hi Charlie, it’s nice to meet you. I’m-”
Don’t make this a goodbye. Don’t make me lose you again. There is no point in going on, when you aren’t by my side.
This sounds honestly like one of the best ideas Dean had heard in a long time. “I’d like that.”
For a moment, Dean looks at him wary, then joins the laughter, head-shaking about the situation.
“Why?”, Dean snorts, even though he’s not sure whether he really wants to know the rules behind this stuff (because that would lead to too many questions, too much thinking about nonhuman structures).
Don’t do this, Cas.
With nothing to do but the photos still in hand he goes into the kitchen. Surprisingly he finds Cas there, sitting on the floor, leaning against the wall. His eyes are closed and he doesn’t react to Dean’s appearance. He’s asleep. Well, sort of.
“Hi!”
“I’m alright, and yourself?” The man’s voice is rough. He coughs slightly.
“Are you telling me
“No, that’s it, thank you.”
“No”, Cas answers slowly, captivating Dean with his look, “everything will stay the same and still it would change everything.”
“I’m his best friend”, Charlie declares and winks at Castiel.
Damped statics, throbbing drumming, a distant shrill tone, silence.
Don’t do this, Cas.
A ring signals Castiel that another order is ready. For a second he hesitates, checking out Dean one more time. The man, gathering some more self-assurance through the distance, winks at him. That’s all Castiel needs to finally pick up the pen, actually meant to mark different meals in same packages, and write down his phone number on the paper bag.
“Order is ready”, he announces and places their plates to the side, hoping they will just pick them up, but neither Dean nor his company reacts. They are too focused on their conversation.
“I know you need time and I want you to know that it’s okay. Everything of it is okay.” Cas voice is soft and warm and comforting. Yet Dean isn’t happy about the implication that the situation they are in is all due to Dean.
Somehow, it’s comforting that there is also a place where things are worse.
They look at each other.
Don’t tell me I’ve changed you, because I can’t take the blame. If I changed you, this is my fault once again.
“Hi, how are you doing today?”, Castiel greets him friendly.
Cas takes Dean’s hand smiling.
“Sorry, Chuck!”, Castiel replies, pushing the right button to print the order. He smiles again before turning to hand the paper into the back. When he faces the counter again, he sees Dean standing some steps aside.
Most of all he is envy. Because the
Cas squeezes Dean’s hand softly. “I didn’t mean to make you sad.”
The gallery seems to get more spacious as he averts his gaze. Dean notes new corridors here and there, all stocked with these strange frames. His sight lands on another scene. He observes himself dressed in military uniform patching up Cas’ shoulder. “Are they all real?”
Don’t tell me you love me, when I was too afraid all the time.
Castiel giggles. He doesn’t know if Dean means to be funny or just hasn’t thought about his words, but he likes it nevertheless.
“So, what are you doing?”, he asks.
Castiel blinks. Well, now he knows, why Dean didn’t contact him. He still feels like a total dumbass now. To further not any more embarrassments, he tries his best to focus on the upcoming orders. He doesn’t dare to look over to them and ignores the giggling coming from their table, which he doesn’t consider part of his workplace for now.
It’s strangely assuring somehow.
“Just like you, it seems.” Dean breaks into a laugh about Cas’ words. Cas enjoys the sound of it and continues with his meal. Without invitation Dean takes some of his fries to.
“That’s what I want to know!”, Chuck yells from the counter. “I’m not paying you to sit around all day!”
Don’t do this, Cas.
Cas smiles, kind of shyly. “I like to go here occasionally. All of these”, he touches the nearest frame – one showing Dean stepping into a house, where the sprinklers are flooding the whole space, “are stories with different premises. Sometimes it’s pleasant to see what could be, if-“
“You good?”, Cas askes cautious but smiling brightly.
“Morning” Dean looks away from Cas and focuses on the already freshly brewed coffee. He places a filled mug in front of Cas as well and sits down at the other end of the table then.
Dean swallows. He’s not right sure if he understands what Cas wants to tell him, but dammit, if he doesn’t do it now, he probably never will. He leans forward, placing his free hand at Cas’ cheek and kisses him.
“What’s all this then?”
Dean blinks a few times before the room he’s in falls into place: Black and white tiles, bland walls and no defined ceiling. Though there is light coming from above, highlighting metal frames.
Don’t do this, Cas.
“Yeah, you just made me wonder about you and me twenty-four/seven like it’s nothing.”
“You made me miss them”, Dean says, “You know, not just-“. Deans voice is rough. They talk about chose family all the time, but it seems like there is no more place for them after they passed away, which- most of the time Dean blames himself for it.
She grins wide; he tilts his head in confusion.
“Of course.” Castiel passes Dean’s order to Chuck. When he returns, Dean has stepped aside far enough for the next customer, but is leaning heavily on the counter.
Dean hands them to Cas. Instead of letting go of Deans hand he just places the photos on his own lap to skim through them.
“Two cheeseburger, extra bacon with fries”, Castiel declares, louder this time. Still no reaction. Castiel feels lost behind the counter. There is no other work to busy himself with and clearly, he’s responsible that the customers are getting their food hot.
I said “I’m sorry”. I said it too often but not often enough.
“Don’t I deserve a day off?” It’s clear that it dawns on Dean just now that Cas doesn’t spent every day at his work and he smiles awkwardly.
Dean, who followed involuntarily, clears his throat as he sits down next to her, right in front of Castiel.
Then Dean actually stops. Because on top of it all (of the two of them watching the night sky at the ocean at one end and Cas slow dancing with him at a wedding at another) there is a picture of Charlie now, dressed in an absurd Pikachu bikini and laughing mischievous. She seems happy and lighthearted, as if nothing could go wrong.
Encasing warmth, a soft shiver, decaying vibrations, weightlessness, comfort.
They sit together in silence. That’s what they can do best: not talking about whatever.
“Oh no!”, Charlie announces dramatically even before she takes a look at her watch. “I totally forgot the time. I have to go, have fun!” And with that she’s already gone.
“I… I’ll take the cheeseburger. And some fries.”, he orders, still scanning the range.
Cas looks over to the place, which lays in darkness, as if the non-existing lamps were turned off. “I prefer not to go there. Not all stories end happily.” Cas’ glance becomes blank. “I have seen you die more than enough, I don’t need to see it in different variations.“
“Hi…“, Dean pauses, looking down at Castiel’s chest. “…Castiel”, he finishes his greeting.
I said “don’t do this”.
Before he can answer, a redhaired girl next to him interposes. “Make that two!”, she says with a bright smile. “We’ll sit right over there”, and with that she drags Dean to the nearest table.
He is about to make a mocking comment to break the afflicted atmosphere, when he chokes on his own breath, because they are passing a frame now, where Cas is going down on Dean.
“Good morning Dean”, Cas says as Dean enters the kitchen.
“Uhm.. sure! Yeah, extra bacon, totally!” He smiles thankfully.
“Well,
Thank you for reading! I hope you liked it :)
“Have a nice day”, Castiel wishes in the typical salesman manner, which causes Dean to chuckle.
Don’t do this, Cas.
“Yeah, like-”, Dean argues, but Cas interrupts him.
Cas opens his eye to look at him. They are as stunningly blue as always. “You could frame it like I’m having a better signal here”, he explains.
Cas smiles absentmindedly at the coffee and actually takes a sip from it.
A faint scent of ozone.
Even now he lies in bed, tossing and turning, and thinking about how he could get back to the multiverse gallery. Of course, he won’t ask Cas about it, but until now he can’t find another way.
“You come with me?”
Don’t tell me you love me, when we have no more tomorrow.
“What’s over there?”, Dean asks to change the topic. He is busy not to think about what he has seen; to think about how it would feel, when Cas’ lips close around his own dick. There is no way he’ll let this end in a wet dream.
“It’s okay, if you need more time, Dean. I’ll be there. I’ll be always there.”
Dean stands up and reaches out for Cas. Cas prefers the kitchen over his own room, but maybe Deans room will do it for tonight.
This fic started out as an idea that hunted me for months and an ending I found within hours (after I spent weeks struggling, of course).
A look on his watch reveals, that Cas indeed overrun his fifteen-minute break.
Castiel enters the order into the register. “Extra bacon?”, he asks, remembering how he insisted on this the last days.
“I have to work”, he declares and shoves the rest of his meal to Dean and puts his apron back on. Before he steps behind the counter, he turns to Dean once again. “I’ll be off at 9, though.” Dean winks at him.
life – is not a fucking soap opera! It’s silly. He accepted his life – this cursed version of a life long ago. Life is a bitch; let go or be dragged.
It means “don’t leave me”.
I said “I need you”.
Castiel remembers when he saw him the first time, three days ago. There are often soldiers from the military station nearby, who orders their meal here. So does said man. He stood in line, waiting to give up his order, in his neat military uniform and a stern expression on his face. It took Castiel a simple smile to break it, though. He was amazed how the deep green eyes lit up, as he smiled back at him. Castiel couldn’t help but looking after the man, as he left.
Admittedly his plan doesn’t work out, when their order is ready and he needs to call them over.
How could he? There is not much to proceed. They’ll be saving people, they’ll be hunting things and then they’ll start over again. There is not much in between and if there is, it won’t end well.
, breathtakingly majestic), but also from the utterly dejected look on his face.
The man looks at him, hesitating a moment, but then smiles again. “Dean. I’m Dean.”
“Hello Dean.”
their talking, not like sound hitting his ears. But he kind of feels what’s going on there: the laughter, his own words (
life is fucked up. But his friends, his family- All of them deserved so much better and he misses every one of them.
His naked feet are echoing from the walls as Dean steps closer to one of the frames. At first, he thought it is a painting, but as he comes closer, he sees the picture is moving. There is him and Cas, laughing in some dark alley, walking to Baby. He can’t
