"Enough Stark! I know you've seen and heard what's happened. Now, luckily for you I have experience cleaning up messes like this, and that's exactly what we are going to do. We are going to make this whole thing not only disappear, but we are going to use it to our advantage."
Peter piped up instead, excitedly babbling, "Tony and Shuri designed them, the are made out of some of the same material as the Black Panther suit, so they form right to your hands. Totally water and fire proof! They hold kinetic energy in them which can then be released for like, double the power! Mr. Stark designed them with you in mind specifically, so they are going to act like a conduit for your powers! You'll see, Miss Witch – Miss Scarlet – sorry, uh but you'll see, they are so freaking cool!"
Yes, it would be fine. He had been doing these stupid parties since he was a baby. If Howard had done one thing for him, it was make sure Tony had one hell of a perfect poker face.
“No more questioning why I didn’t leave you behind and no more asking me to do it in the future. Deal, Stardust?”
Sam gave him a friendly shove forward and joked, "I bet it feels even better once you're actually inside man, but if you'd like to stay out here and stare we could send out a sleeping bag." Steve returned his smile and adjusted his duffle bag on his shoulder.
"I didn't think I'd ever hear you call me 'Captain' again." Steve said tentatively smiling. When Tony didn't answer, he added, "I also never thought I'd hold the shield again."
To everyone's surprise, Steve picked up the pen next to his packet, flipped the document to the back page and signed his name with a flourish. He knew exactly what they said and the changes that had been made.
"There is no easy way to say this, so I simply will lay it out for you. I only ask that you let me do so without interruption. Once we have finished, you may come seek me out at any time if you have anything you wish to say or ask."
It had been a surprise when they had become close since the departure of the rouge Avengers. She had come back after taking some time away. Although they worked well together before, they had never been as close and she and Rogers had been. He had been sure that she would side with Rogers just on the principle. He had been shocked when she shared a few of his views on the Accords and the need to have something keeping them in line.
The scene was ghastly and he felt like he was having an out of body experience as he recognized the last body at the base of the rock mound. It was him. His shield lay above him, but it was cracked in half. What the hell, what could do that? The shield was Vibranium!
Once they were standing in front of Steve, he looked up, his blue eyes so soft and bright Tony had to physically take a step back. He disguised it by letting Lila and Cassie stand in front of him with their plate of cupcakes. Lila picked up the one in the middle of the plate and held it out to Steve, who’s infuriatingly perfect smile only grew as he took in the red, white, and blue frosting that made the cupcake a messy replica of his shield.
T'Challa surprise showed on his face only momentarily before he nodded and asked boldly, "Alright Mr. Stark. Last time you were in a room with James Barnes, you nearly killed each other. As far as the public knows, you hunted the man down because he was a threat."
Tony shut his eyes and relaxed into his seat. Yes, he was pretty sure that he was in for an ass kicking when he got home. Hopefully Laura would let him snuggle Nathaniel a little bit first.
Natasha could only roll her eyes at his retreating form. The man really did know how to play the room. He could have made a great spy in another life. She kept her eyes on him as he moved about the room with a practiced ease.
"He doesn't need him right now. We need to show the world James Buchannan Barnes becoming the Winter Solider. Once the world sees the innocent Brooklyn boy taken and twisted into preforming heinous crimes, his life ripped apart and his mind broken, I have absolute faith they won't be able to ignore it. Ross will have to do some damage control, after all, we hunted him down on his orders."
At T’Challa’s look, Tony added Black Panther to the list as well. Peter looked beseechingly at Tony, but Tony shook his head and said, “I don’t know the current situation. Aunt May would kill me. Sit this one out, okay Pete?” The kid looked disappointed, but nodded his acceptance when Shuri linked her arm with his and gave him a smile.
That was enough to break whatever had been holding Steve in place. The uncontrolled grief, pain, confusion, comfort, and promise in Tony’s voice as he said Steve’s name shattered everything that had been holding him back.
He smiled at her and turned slightly to follow her gaze toward the torrential storm outside. "You know, if he were here right now, he would tell you that he could do much better than this pathetic drizzle."
"Tony?" A few steps closer. "Tony, its James." He lowered himself down to the floor and shuffled a little closer to the man. The only sounds were Tony's staggered and uneven breaths, desperately trying to gain some control over them. "Tony, you're home, at the Avengers Compound. It's me James. Maggie and Laura are out shopping with the kids, but they'll be home soon."
.” She answered. That made Steve a little worried. “Tony?” he questioned. Tony was breathing hard, obviously upset, pushing a palm to the middle of his chest for a moment before dropping it and composing himself. As he unscrewed the cap of the bottle he said, “Listen to me, Rogers, not a word, got it. Don’t even move. I don’t care what you see or what you hear, you aren’t here, got it?”
"So," T'Challa addressed Bucky with a smile of his own, "It seems things there are going quite well?"
James and Rhodey actually get along very well with their military background and shared tactical and strategic mindset. Pepper was frosty at first but began to warm up when she saw how much Tony relaxed in his presence.
With James’ hand on his shoulder, Steve had been trying desperately to catch Tony’s gaze, but he had avoided it until this moment. Steve’s frantic blue eyes met Tony’s sad resigned brown ones. “Steve.” Tony called. Hearing his name fall from Tony’s lips in that tone made Steve’s heart stutter in fear. “Steve, you make sure the kid gets home alright. Penthouse bedtime is 9 PM. Don’t forget DUM-E and U down in the Lab. I’m...I'm sorry about the view, I know I promised you'd have it a little longer.” Tony's eyes were open and honest. Steve was frozen as he listened to Tony’s words that sounded increasingly like a form of goodbye.
The prank on Vision hadn’t taken too much planning after all. Everyone else was distracted by conversation, pizza, and the movie that the kids had put on. Luckily for Tony, he had seen the animation more times than he could ever count. After Science Squad had finally perfected the invisible spider-webbing, all they had to do was set it up across the hallway to the bedrooms, Wanda on the other side. After that, they just needed Wanda to call to Vision and asked for his help down the hallway. They were all set up in one of the spare rooms, with Tony’s tablet tuned into the security feed for the hallway, FRIDAY ready to record every beautiful second.
The amount of hope and happiness Steve felt with the last option was potentially the most dangerous avenue of thought of all; Tony knew what he said and did, and he had meant them. He tried to hold off that thought as much as he could, knowing that if Tony rejected him, it would only hurt more.
“Stephen would never have given up the Time Stone without a fight, and he certainly never would have given it up while there was still breath in his lungs.” Wong said, his face drawn and his eyes glistening with unshed tears for his friend.
He had watched the fugitives he housed in his own kingdom for the last months begin to feel the consequences of the actions both sides had taken. It had not been pretty.
The second he had come out of the ice he had been needed as Captain America. The rest of his life was gone and the person he had been before was gone with it. All he knew was that Captain America had been needed, so from the moment he was awake he had been that. He shook his head. What was he supposed to be then? What was he now?
Sam felt Steve tense next to him at her words, but Steve said nothing in response, choosing instead to focus on the television as the reporter continued on with more scandals about the various public figures as they arrived.
He knew that was wrong though, when he caught Clint’s eye. As he sat down next to him Clint quietly asked, “Everything okay, Cap?” Steve nodded and gave him a tight smile. “Quite a kid, huh?” Steve relaxed slightly and gave Clint a soft smile. “That he is.”
“Tony, listen to me, I’m here, okay? We’re all here. The ambulance is coming and the rest of the team will meet us at the hospital. Tony. Stay with me, look at me.” James’ face was swimming and his voice sounded like they were underwater. Tony squinted his eyes, trying to clear his vision to focus on the words James was saying.
Sam nodded and watched Tony purposefully stride towards the snacks isle of the store. “That sounds fun.”
“Promise?” Tony asked in a smaller than usual voice. Steve tilted Tony’s head to place a soft kiss on his lips before whispering back, “Always.”
"Penny for your thoughts?" She whispered into the darkness, barely loud enough to hear over the sound of the rain pounding on the windows.
"Dude, I helped test those, they are so sweet!" Peter told Clint, before turning back to the cart. Clint smiled at the kid and went back to admiring his new toys.
After what seemed like a lifetime, Tony was finally able to make his grand speech, thanking everyone who attended the Charity Gala and their more than generous contributions. Endless handshakes and fake smiles finally got him to the door of the Gala and down the stairs outside to where Happy stood waiting with the car to take him back to the safety of the Compound.
"I could care less what you think or feel! You'll not only play the forgiving man; you'll extend your help to James Barnes. Your little presentation at MIT has turned a lot of heads, and King T'Challa here brought up the possibility that you might just be able to use it to clear The Winter Solider Programing out of Sergeant Barnes' head forever. What a perfect chance for all of us. We get Barnes back, eventually Captain Rogers will follow him, and your pathetic drunken playboy public image is even saved in the process."
“Uh huh. Did you tell him that he can give you his requests and we’ll have someone take care of it?”
The first few minutes of the fight see three of the thugs on the ground and the conditions turning in her favor easily, even outnumbered as she is. That is, until she is hit simultaneously in the stomach and the small of her back with a stunning amount of voltage from a hidden device. Nerves feeling like they’ve been lit on fire, her knees hit the solid ground with a sickening crack as she lets out a grunt of pain. One of the devices is placed on the back of her head and fired again, more electricity flowing like molten lava through her body. The high voltage crackling against and inside the robotic parts of her body almost surely caused internal damage. Her left arm hangs uselessly at her side, the fuses blown out and her vision blurs in and out of focus.
Steve felt hurt, but not at all surprised. Truthfully, he knew that the words would rub Tony wrong as soon as they left his mouth. Still, he had hoped for once that things might not continue to deteriorate and blow up in his face. His eyebrows drew together as he said, "Tony, I'm trying to-"
James Barnes was laying on the couch in Stark's lab. Tony had begun letting move freely in and out of the lab between his living space, even when the genius wasn't around. He was careful not to touch anything though, first because he was sure he might hurt himself, and second he didn't want Tony to regret the trust he had begun to show him.
Left standing in the bathroom T'Challa shook his head. Yes, this would be difficult. Stark was as guarded as they come, his walls built so high it seemed they were nearly impossible to scale. And yet, T'Challa had made himself a promise after Siberia. He had seen a strong, smart, good man brought low, in a way he had never imagined seeing another human being before. He had seen the look in his eyes as the betrayal had sunk in. The clear pain and agony over losing those who meant the most to him.
Mr. Stark had come into his life and completely turned it upside down, in the best way possible. He felt like he had someone he could count on. He could always count on Aunt May, of course, but she didn’t understand everything, and she definitely didn’t understand why he had to put his costume on and try and help fight the bad guys. Tony did.
James nodded and said, “T’Challa was a big the reason Tony pulled himself together and got his shit together enough to fix all of our shit. They leaned on each other a lot and became good friends as they fixed the Accords and everything.”
T’Challa had watched from the kitchen as Pepper and Rhodes spoke to Steve and Sam across the room. Pepper looked like she was seconds away from tearing into Steve, and the King didn’t even know what was being said, but he wasn’t sure who’s side he would take in a fight.
"Your Highness, you are more than welcome to take a seat anywhere, just watch for crayons and orange slices as you sit down." Maggie smiled at him as she turned and began to pick up all of the children's items in the room.
What he thought might have been one of the worst weeks of his life turns out to be one of the best he has experienced in a long time.
Steve hurried after him and tried to focus, saying, “You don’t have to be in the field to lead the team with me, you know that. You can lead with me on the ten missions you are on as an active field member and after that you can lead with me from base. You only want to be on ten missions with us, that’s fine, but the best can die from one bullet on the easiest mission. You already had a close call on that recon job with Spider-Man the day we came home.”
He had drawn it after he came back from his early morning run and found Tony slumped on a chair at the kitchen table, his head resting on his folded arms on the top of the table, on hand loosely grasping the handle of a mug of coffee. He had been up so long and was so tired he hadn’t even been able to stay awake long enough to drink it. It was such a rare sight and coupled with the fact that he wore a big cozy MIT sweatshirt and had a beautifully peaceful look on his face, Steve had taken the opportunity to commit the memory to his sketchbook.
James laughed as he gave Tony a soft pat on the shoulder before exiting the room under the pretense of going to collect his winnings.
Steve struggled to keep his mind straight. "Sam, Vision, and Rhodes, get down here. We need to start and immediate evac of these people. Women and children first, get them out of here."
“You had options. You were never alone. You just didn’t bother to look around yourself.” He felt Steve’s eyes burning into him as Tony spoke. “You once said you watched the footage of me fighting and that I only fought for myself. Well, I watched your footage too, and god knows I heard the stories. Do you know the theme I noticed in each one? You didn’t rely on others, you relied on yourself. You worked with a team, sure, but you weren’t really part of it, you just led it. So the few times something went wrong you put the blame on yourself, not the team. Each time you changed your mind you didn’t inform the team, you just changed direction and gave everyone whiplash.” Tony finally turned to Steve, bouncing Nate on his hip. It was surprisingly easy to stay calm and collected as he held the little boy in his arms.
On the screen, as Vision got steadily closer to the trap, Steve felt his own smile begin to spread across his face. Seeing the rest of them looking so happy about this ambush they put together he felt himself let go of some of this usually stoic professionalism. He felt like a kid again, running around Brooklyn with Bucky. He tried to smother his own chuckle and Tony turned a little bit at the sound, looking at Steve in surprise. Steve raised the hand not currently stuck to Tony’s and covered his mouth.
Peter and Shuri crawled on hands and knees, still laughing, to the door and Peter reached up and opened it, the two of them toppling out into the hallway where everyone else stood laughing, revealing themselves, and the rest of them, as the masterminds of the whole thing.
“Alright, clear off, it’s someone else’s turn.” She smiled at them both, offering them each a hand they used to pull themselves up.
Bruce gave a quick nod, his eyes giving off a green hue for a moment before Natasha slid her hand into his. Just as quickly as it had come, the green was gone with a blink and a deep breath.
The clean up continued in Wakanda, were they all stayed. No one felt the need to go anywhere, even if they wanted to. Where would they go? Half the world was gone. Half the world they fought and lost for. No one could smile, no one could do much of anything. They ate halfheartedly and hardly slept.
Ross turned back to him. “Aren’t you his guardian, Stark?” Tony gave a good impression of a drunken nod and said, “He’s in the building dumbass. You know my tech is better than that. FRIDAY, where is Sergeant Barnes?” Tony called out.
exploding. Torture came next, followed by horror at a piece of metal imbedded in skin without consent (this one she was familiar with, though the torture and parts were different than her own memories.) Anger, and refusal to lie down and die, strength to get back up and continue fighting. Betrayal of someone who was supposed to have loved her, before finding a hope in a possible new family, only to watch it all fall apart.
Upon seeing T’Challa, Ross looked uncertain, obviously not counting on dealing with all of the Avengers and the King of Wakanda. His eyes fell on Bruce and they lit up in delight. “Banner, so good to see you again.” Bruce’s fists were clenched at his sides and he was breathing hard but seemed to have a handle on the Other Guy for the moment.
Tony may have still been half asleep but if there was one thing the man is not, its slow. His eyes flashed angrily, the milk chocolate pools suddenly turning a dark cocoa. He opened his mouth to respond but Natasha, now on her feet, beat him to it.
Steve decided this might just be the one chance he had to talk with Tony. The alcohol had loosened his tongue a little bit and they were literally stuck together, so Tony couldn’t stand up and leave.
Once the stealth jet from Wakanda had landed, T'Challa had arranged for him to be smuggled out and taken by private car to the Compound Gates so no one would know where he had come from. They couldn't have anyone knowing he had been in hiding in Wakanda, otherwise they would know that the rest of the exiled Avengers were hiding out there as well.
Although Tony looked exhausted, his lips curved into a slow smile as laughter began to flood the room.
He sighed heavily. "Sam, this is not my place. It is not my story to tell. I was there by chance only, and that does not give me the permission to share what is not mine."
"Are you really walking out on me, Stark? I don't think I'll recover; how will I go on?" He placed his hand over his heart for added dramatic effect.
The camera crew watched as Tony’s car pulled up to the venue for the press conference. It was being held outside, regardless of the rain, though a huge canopy had been set up over the podium at the top of the riser. Umbrellas and raincoats were everywhere, everyone set on staying for the conference.
James was tense, but his voice was under control as he said, “Tony isn’t safe with him. Since Tony did it publicly, everyone knows it was him that gave the evidence. Ross knows he is going down and if we don’t do something he will take Tony down with him.” Sam followed Clint’s lead with his own outburst, saying, “Somebody better explain something right now. Why were they even allowed to take any of us? They wanted Wanda, why did they take Tony instead?”
Scott answered him with a huge grin, “Sorry Cap, it’s way too late for that. Consider yourself an accomplice.”
He smiled at her and assured her that he was happy to do it. “Perhaps it is time that I greet the Captain?” He said. Laura smiled as she sat up and called for Steve.
“You are going to hurt yourself again, Stark.” Nebula said in a tight voice as she watched the exchange. Tony pulled back from Steve slightly before offering her a small smile. “I’m alright, Stardust.” Steve couldn’t hide his shock at their exchange, especially the endearment Tony used, but she only rolled her eyes at the name and turned to the group at large.
“Most people don’t realize that what the suit is hiding is even better. Lucky us, we’ve seen it. Tony has that lean powerful kind of body. Not the bulk, but the sinewy muscle that you know comes with long endurance.”
“Captain Rogers, how nice to see you again.” Ross drawled and he stepped from the elevator and walked into the room. Steve lifted his chin and returned, “Secretary Ross.”
Maggie and Laura immediately started to pull out bowls and spoons from the cupboard. Vision and Wanda went to the freezer and began pulling out the assortment of ice cream piled inside.
“Great, thanks FRI. Compile all my locked files on Ross and put them up on the screen. Let’s add what Bruce has for us and go from there. It’s time to hang Ross with his own rope.”
Tony's face was absolutely glowing with pride. "Hell yeah he did. He's quite a kid. I'm sort of…mentoring…him? Its fairly new and I'm pretty sure I'm going to screw up royally."
T'Challa took the packet from him with a smile, "As soon as the rest of your team has made their decisions." Scott nodded and with a last smile darted out of the room in excitement.
Steve let out a choked sob as he watched Tony take another swig from the scotch bottle. He turned towards Steve, even though he still wasn’t visible. But it seemed easier for Tony this way. Their hands were clasped together, but Tony didn’t have to look into those too-blue eyes.
Later, after Steve had given up trying to kill Sam with his feather down pillow, they had ventured out into the kitchen again, and found it abandoned.
He chuckled a bit more before answering her, "I've been having panic or anxiety attacks, whatever you'd call them, and I nearly lose myself. I'm not sure how to control them. It's like something can feel is always there, just under the surface. Nat, listen, the drinking and the smoking, I'm sorry you've been having to deal with that. And
Cooper came running up to Tony, who ruffled his hair affectionately. Cassie and Lila both ran up in front of him as well, staring up at him with big eyes.
“Doesn’t matter.” Tony said, smiling at him easily. “When you see it, you’ll know.” He pushed away from the counter and said, “Just give me a couple minutes to change and we’ll head out on the town.” James smiled and began to follow him when Sam suddenly called after them.
Steve forces a smile on his face and walks the rest of the way into the room where he is met with the surprise of seeing Tony not only awake, but dressed and sitting on the edge of the bed with Peter next to him, holding a duffel bag with his things in it.
Steve had come back from the gym with Scott hoping to find James or Sam, but they couldn’t find them anywhere. He even asked FRIDAY if they were on one of the floors he didn’t have access to, but she had said no. It was only when Scott asked if they were in the Compound at all that she told them that they had gone out.
Steve stood there, feeling at a loss as Wanda pushed a tray of drinks into his arms. "Come on, Captain, lets go watch Tony Stark work the Gala in that suit you'll be dreaming of later." She smiled over her shoulder as Steve felt his face flush, but followed Wanda back into their room with the drinks.
The two women released their hold on the three older children, though Laura didn't put down the wriggling Nathaniel.
"Even if they were your friend." Natasha pushed off the door frame where she had been leaning. "At least Barnes had the excuse of not being himself." She indicated the man next to her with a head tilt.
After their hands and finally come apart, James had tried convince Steve that he should retire for bed. By this time, they had sent everyone else off to bed except for Sam, Steve, James, Tony, T’Challa, and Rhodes. James nearly pulled his hair out though, because it seemed Steve just couldn’t leave well enough alone and again said something about Tony’s bottle of scotch.
Tony’s mouth was hanging open, his eyes wide. If this hadn’t been such a serious moment, Steve might have laughed at the billionaire, genius, playboy, philanthropist, suddenly rendered speechless. Instead, “Tony Stark with nothing to say?” He teased lightly.
For Steve, that was enough. He stood suddenly and opened his mouth to make an excuse but couldn't make a sound, beating a hasty retreat down the stairs to the basement.
Steve’s heart and mind constantly relived the pain of losing Bucky yet again. Again, he couldn’t save his friend. He was given a second chance and he still failed. He failed Bucky, failed Tony, he failed Wanda, Vision, T’Challa, Sam, all of them. Every time he thought of them he felt like the small kid from Brooklyn with asthma again. He couldn’t drag the air into his lungs in anything but short bursts. He was left gasping and gulping until the moment passed. Panic attack, Sam would probably call it. Panic attack, because he had again outlived the people he loved and was left to try and continue again. He tried to hold it together for the sake of the others and out of habit. Some days went better than others.
Steve stood still staring at him, eyebrows raised, when Scott cleared his throat. "I'm actually starving. I think it's been at least an hour since I ate my last packet of fruit snacks."
Everyone snapped to attention at that. “The Guardians?” Natasha questioned. Rocket’s face fell as he shook his head negatively and said, “Not exactly. It’s Nebula.”
He had thought Vision had been the only one to see him like that. Tony had only fleeting memories of Vision speaking to him, telling him that he would be alright and other platitudes, before picking him up off the freezing ground to carry him into the aircraft he had hidden in the valley of the mountain. T’Challa must have sent a message to Vision.
James couldn’t help but laugh at the floored look on Steve’s face as Tony put a baby in the blonde’s arms without a second thought. Steve held the baby like he wasn’t sure what he should do with it. Steve made a move as if to hand off the baby to James, but he held up his hands and backed away. Tony’s voice came from he and Peter’s hug saying, “Don’t you put that kid down, Rogers.”
If Steve had felt like the world had crashed down on him before, it was nothing compared to the feeling that now held his soul in it's shattering grip.
Looking at it now, "masterpiece" didn't even begin to describe it. Bucky could hardly believe his own eyes as he held it up and admired it, flexing the fingers and rolling his new wrist. Tony had matched his skin tone exactly and the material looked and felt exactly like human skin.
Clint wasn’t backing down and Steve winced as he shot back, “Tash, we all know how Stark is okay?” Low blow. If Steve thought Natasha looked dangerous before, it was nothing to the pure terror she was instilling in him now.
“I wanted to die back on Titan. I tried by best to do so. So no, right now, I really couldn’t give a shit either way.”
That was enough for Steve to lose it completely, sinking onto the bed next to Tony again and bowing his head while he cried and laced their fingers together. “I look that bad?” Tony’s voice was dry and cracked and the most beautiful sound Steve had ever heard. He laughed a bit through the tears and shook his head, still looking down at their hands.
Bucky tried to keep his face open and calm for Tony. "Steve Rogers isn't here. He's back in Wakanda, remember? It's just you and I. We're friends." He tired not to let the last part sound too much like a question. He thought they were friends, he considered Tony a friend, but he wasn't actually sure Tony felt the same.
“Tony lost his mother and he thought his father was responsible. After that, Tony continued to party, the booze and sex was constant, but he never got attached to anyone. He was so used to being used and abandoned that he decided he would do the leaving before anyone else had the chance to do it first. After Afghanistan, Obadiah Stane’s actions only reinforced that belief. For a long time, he only let a few of us very close. I’d do anything for him and I almost went insane when I lost him for a few months. So I get it Steve, I get why you did what you did for James. There are two things I know about Tony; he’s forgiving and he doesn’t know how to stop trying. Hell, he would have forgiven Howard if he had ever bothered to ask for it.”
Bruce looked apprehensive at the mere thought. “Do I have to be?” He sighed, already standing up and shuffling over to the elevator. “Don’t be like that Green Machine, I need someone to help me keep and eye on these two.” Bruce shook his head, “We both know I’m going to be supervising the three of you, don’t pretend we are in this together.” Bruce’s long suffering tone was betrayed by his face though, as he couldn’t quite keep the smile out of his eyes. As they all stepped into the elevator the sound of instant chatter started, the doors closing them off in their own little world.
Carefully he maneuvered them both away from the bar and pushed Tony until his back was against the window and Steve was pressed into him everywhere he could possibly manage without hurting him. Tony pushed back and moved one of his thighs between Steve’s own, giving Steve a small amount of friction in just the right place, causing Steve to moan against his mouth. In response, Tony’s tongue delved past his lips and explored Steve’s mouth, slowly sucking and caressing his tongue and making his head spin.
She saw deep blue eyes and felt an intense weight of love associated with them. Suddenly, the crystal clear memories of fighting family, the confusion and anger and despair at realizing they were lost. The pain of the words the blue eyed man aimed at her. Didn’t he understand that she loved him? Didn’t he understand that she couldn’t lose him? He chose someone else. Bucky. Who was Bucky? Then the images and memories of trying to help and failing, a deep secret and yet again an even deeper painful betrayal. Being left laying in the cold after the person she loved most had beaten her within and inch of her life and then left her there. Anger again, burning bright and then fading. Realization that Bucky wasn’t to blame. Guilt over what she had done to him. Wishing more than anything that things could have been different. Finally accepting that they wouldn’t change, it was too late. Peter. Trying to teach and protect Peter. Be better for Peter. Keep him safe, that’s all that mattered in the daylight. Not all that mattered after the day was over, though, since she was still haunted by dreams of blue eyes and sandy blonde hair. Art that she couldn’t bring herself to throw away and a small communication device she carried with her everywhere she went.
Ross’ eyes flashed dangerously before he turned around to look at the surroundings. “Where is Barnes?” He barked. Tony leaned forward and grabbed the scotch bottle, taking another swig. “Don’t know, don’t care.” He shrugged.
Natasha and James gave Steve sympathetic looks before they exited the room to go with T’Challa. Peter looked up at him before he put on the mask and said, “Don’t worry Brooklyn, Queens is on it.” Rhodes pushed him out the door in front of him followed by Vision.
He tried to remember to be gentle, to be mindful of Tony’s injuries, but as he gathered the smaller man into his arms he found that he could barely form a coherent thought that wasn’t the complete happiness that he found as Tony’s hands wrapped around him to return the hug just as fiercely.
Clint continued his rage, “That’s strike two and I ain’t waiting for strike three. Give me one good reason not to kill you right now.”
“Be careful with him. I didn’t spend all my time binding his injuries just for you to re-open them again.” Nebula bit out in a low voice as she watched the reunion.
Tony stood there staring up at Steve, chest heaving in anger. “We all watched as you raised your arms to me in the last seconds. Your repulsors hadn’t been damaged and you had a perfectly clear shot at me. You didn’t take it. Why?” Steve whispered the last word.
Steve dropped his hand back to his side, disappointed. With a last squeeze to each others arms, Steve and Bucky released each other and Steve turned to go back toward the seats, claiming the one in between Sam and Scott and beginning to strap himself in.
, Steve ended up outside of Tony’s hospital room door without any idea of what to say or plan on how he would act. He hesitated, staring blankly at the door.
As they watched, they all laughed at each other’s misfortune but cheered twice as loud when the team member in the simulation overcame an obstacle. Shuri was positively glowing as she worked in her element, controlling the simulations with perfect ease. Once in a while Tony would take the seat next to her, doing as she directed, but never changing anything without her permission.
Steve considered this. “I didn’t mean to tell him what to do-” James nodded but cut him off, “But you still did, Stevie. You gotta look at the bigger picture, you can’t keep getting stuck like this. You’re so worried about what you meant to do and your intentions that you completely overlook what actually happens. Stop trying tell to grown ass adults how to live their life. When they called you all up for New York, you were different kinds of people, not a seamlessly integrated team. Who says we need to be? This isn’t the army, where you leave your baggage and individuality at the door to become a unit. This is different, so let it be different.”
Ross' gaze turned on the King for a moment before he seemed to gather himself and turned back to Tony with a cruel gaze.
“We can’t stay here.” The blue alien woman says into the silence. He doesn’t answer, continuing to stare at the dirt beneath him with glassy eyes. “You are from Terra?” Again, he can’t find his voice to answer. He hears her sigh next to him, but she doesn’t say more for what seems like an eternity.
So, yes, I know that this may be an unpopular direction and that's okay, you don't have to love it. :)
"After the release of the video and information on Barnes, Ross will need to do damage control. The only way to salvage the situation will be to have me forgive the murderer of my parents. Ross already thinks I am not using my skills and my brain to keep myself out of trouble, so what's the best way for them to keep me out of trouble? To occupy me. But they need something big, right, something they think I've already begun work on. Que King T'Challa."
“Peter?” he managed to cough. “Yeah Tony, he’s here. Kid, come here.” Peter’s masked face swam into Tony’s vision. “He-Hey Mr. Stark.” His voice cracked. Tony coughed but gave the kid his best smile and said, “We gotta stop meeting like this.” Peter’s relieved laugh was shaky, but it did the job. Tony coughed again and asked, “Steve?”
Steve narrowed his eyes but thought of Tony and didn’t rise to the bait. “Why are you here?” He asked instead.
"Mama Bird, I know it hurts. You know that I know it hurts, but you've got to think about the kids too. They need their father."
Ross would have to be completely incompetent not to suspect that it wasn't a coincidence that many of the concerns the Avengers had voiced were suddenly being addressed and amended.
“Boss, I couldn’t be happier to see you again. My scans detect injury; may I suggest calling a doctor?”
“What are you looking for?” She spits, uncomfortable with her own feelings of confusion over his actions.
"Would I leave you, gummy-bear?" He snarked back. "Alright, the first simulation is ready. We have a group of rogue hydra terrorists planting bombs in different strategic areas around the city. Civilians are running scared and need evacuation. Everyone ready?"
Suddenly a blast rocked the ground and a few buildings in the distance teetered and fell. Dust and pieces of glass, concrete, and metal flew in all different directions.
The all nodded in understanding. He turned to Shuri and Peter. “Peter, mask on, and don’t take it off no matter what, understand? The Accords give you that right.” Peter nodded as he pulled the mask from his pocket and slid it on. They all stood together and waited while the elevator indicator showed it move from the first floor upwards until it landed on their own.
With Pepper moved out and Rhodey so busy there were only a handful of people he really needed to worry about. He did his damn best to make sure that Peter never saw what a mess he was. For the first few months that had meant cutting off his communication with the kid, though it hurt him to do it.
. He wanted to get lost in those eyes again. Those eyes that had so earnestly been seeking his forgiveness for months. What if Tony didn’t ever get to tell him that he forgave him, that he actually loved him? That would kill Steve, he knew it. Steve would hold on to that pain and regret, he would beat himself up about it forever. He was so tired, but he had fought hard enough to get here, what harm would come from fighting for just a little longer? If he got to see those eyes again, it would be worth it.
“This has been designated at Nate’s room today, don’t you have your own room?” He said as he bent down to reach for the blanket again.
Throwing the automatic piloting on she stood up and stalked over to his chair, towering over him and glaring down at him as his fierce gaze looked up at her.
When they reached the floor of the lab the stepped off the elevator and Tony led the way to the workshop door, where he punched in his security clearance, scanned his fingerprint, and opened the door with voice recognition. Clearly, he was protective of the space.
Steve shrugged, “I’ll take that chance. I just need you to hear me out, please.” Tony fumed, “Did you not hear? I don’t give a flying fuck what you have to say to me anymore, Rogers.”
Bucky laughed again and piped in "If Tony takes him out for ice cream and doesn't bring me back any mint chip, I'm going to make sure he can't find any spoons in the Compound for a month."
Steve was about to answer but Tony continued, “That lovely simulation you all got to witness today? That’s what set off everything with Ultron. It wasn’t ready, Bruce and I weren’t even close to being anywhere with it, but that stone, it must have set something off. But your question, why did I do it?” He scoffed and tilted his head upwards towards the ceiling.
The talk with Laura had not gotten off to a good start, since Laura had already heard about what he had said that morning to Tony and Natasha. He suspected that FRIDAY had something to do with that. Laura had been furious with him from the moment he was allowed to enter the Penthouse – an invitation which had surprised him anyways. Laura said that Maggie had taken the kids out for the morning, to give them privacy, but that they would be back later. He had been disappointed that the kids wouldn’t be there, but not surprised.
"Peter, I can't keep excusing it when you skip class, okay? Aunt May threatened to cut off my balls last time." A pause. "Yes, I do think she would do it, without hesitation."
Taking one last look back at the small group of Wakandan people on the tarmac, he waved at them before boarding waiting jet, his team following him.
“What the hell is your problem, Barton?” Her hands on her hips, every muscle taut as she held herself back from decking Clint right then and there.
"Uncle Tony!" Cassie's tearful voice rang through the silence. She tried to shake off her mother but Maggie kept her grip on the girl. "Cassie, for God's sake he's hurt, calm down. We talked about this!"
Pepper only nodded, her eyes flitting between the phone and the door Peter had just gone through. "Go ahead, Pep. We will see you back at the compound in a few hours, okay?"
Sam and Natasha were listening to Bruce talk about the latest breakthrough in some new tech that he and Tony had been working on, doing their best to look completely interested instead of completely lost. Tony was in the corner of the room with Scott, who was showing him something he was tinkering with something on Cassie’s pink laptop.
“Well, I guess we should be going, let you get on with your meetings. You’ve got them all in the palm of your hands, I’m sure you know.” Natasha said with a smile and a wink.
Steve felt tears well up in his eyes. “Why did you do it?” He whispered. He knew Tony didn’t have to explain himself to Steve if he didn’t want to, but it had been killing him for so long.
"In the palm of my hand sounds good, doesn’t it?” He whispered. Steve’s breath hitched as he felt Tony’s warm puff of air next to his ear. He wasn’t able to form reply fast enough as Tony continued, “I think I’d like you wrapped around my finger better, though.”
"This is where you come in, Bruce. Right as this whole thing is coming together, you and I take Ross down, hard. You have the evidence to do it. T'Challa has the pull within the UN to make sure that he goes down in front of the leaders of the world. After revealing his past with the blunders he made during "Civil War", no one will want to touch him, they will wash their hands of him and everything he stood for. The Olive Branch will have already been extended to the Rouge Avengers. At that time, we stress the importance of having the Avengers back to fight the growing threats in the world. It puts public opinion back into our court. We push through the last changes to the Accords and bam, you all have your family back and the world has the Avengers together where it needs them."
“Quill discovered Thanos had killed Gamora to obtain the Soul Stone.” Here she paused for a moment. “He… he lost it. When he lost it, we lost our hold, and Thanos snapped out of it. He beat us down.” She again turned and looked directly into Steve’s eyes as she said, “When the rest of us could no longer get up, Stark pushed himself and took on Thanos on his own.”
“I didn’t know you. I hated you. I…” She shook her head again. “I blamed you for my losses. I punished you by showing you yours.”
Steve heard Laura call his name from the kitchen with the King as she beckoned him over. He gave one last glance at the stairwell door Sam, James, and Natasha had just disappeared through before heading in her direction.
Tony’s eyes grew wide. “Rhodey-” He tried to warn the other man. Steve was just now noticing how absolutely livid Rhodes looked.
"Now, I must go get ready for my trip. I have heard these parties are quite a spectacle, I need to consult with Shuri about my wardrobe, since she seems to have many opinions on my footwear, especially." He chuckled at the memory of this little sister seeing his ceremonial sandals. "I will trust you to keep and eye on things here, Sam."
“He needs rest and any additional medical attention you can spare. I didn’t have much to work with on the ship.” She said, ignoring Tony’s words that he was alright.
"Sooo…," Sam broke the silence, "Wanna tell me when this whole 'being in love with Stark' thing started?"
She didn’t interrupt even once during his entire rant. After he was finished and silence fell, he waited. It was possible that she was going to continue to ignore him, after all why would she care what Steve wanted? To his relief, she answered, “
“I’ve wanted him for a very, very long time, James. I just needed to make sure I could actually do this. I can’t rush in and start something only to find I can’t do it and make it worse for all of us. I don’t think I could live through getting a taste of heaven and then be pushed right back into hell.” Tony shook his head and looked down at his hands in his lap. “I told him I loved him.” He whispered. He continued to look down and smiled in a self-depreciating way. “I once promised myself I would never be the one to admit that first.”
She narrowed her eyes and countered, "Is that what you are going to call a stairwell quickie? There are cameras all over the place Tony, there is no way you make it in there without them seeing and connecting the dots. You weren't exactly subtle earlier."
Peter also wasn’t blind or deaf. He knew before Steve Rogers ever arrived that there had been something between the two of them, something that had been broken during the fight at the airport and in Siberia. He watched the same news everyone else did, but he also got to see deeper into Tony’s private life, moments that he had come to treasure. Tony wasn’t just hurt or betrayed, he was heartbroken. And Steve Rogers is the one who broke that heart.
Bucky slid back into the co-pilots chair and Steve watched as he leaned across and whispered something to Rhodes. Whatever was said, Rhodes only answered with a small bark of laughter and a shake of his head.
"We're here." Wanda called. They emerged from the far dark corner of the room, walking side by side, their faces somber and a bleak.
“My problem? Since when are you and Stark having sex on the couch?” Tony and Natasha’s eyes both go wide as their jaws drop.
"I got tunnel vision. I was back on that train and it felt like the moments right before Bucky fell, only this time I could stop it. So…I did."
"Hey, Peter, Tony is okay. He's okay and you are okay. Pepper is with him and we are on our way home now. We're going to be there about the same time you are, we might even beat you. Everyone will be home in just a few hours, keep that in mind, focus on that, Pete. Can you do that?" The boy nodded, a few tears still clinging to his lashes.
He tried to keep the smile off of his face as he observed the absolutely murderous looks that Pepper, Natasha, Laura, and Maggie were sending Tony's direction.
"My oh my, so this is how you were able to get all those men stuck in your web, huh Widow?" Natasha smiled and bat her eyelashes at him in a practiced motion that he knew must have had men usually falling all over themselves.
Continuing with his routine, he headed to his room and stripped out of his clothes, turning on the water for the shower and letting it run for a moment. He wondered how Tony was healing, if the bruises on his tan skin were fading, if the movement to his wrist was improving.
Steve couldn't help the smile spreading across his face. Hearing Tony scheme to help out the young kid made his heart swell. It was…adorable. It was family.
“Pepper is the lawful to Tony’s chaotic, but they are both playing for the good. Imagine if they weren’t. She reminds him the lines they don’t cross and he keeps her from boxing in her imagination. Maybe in the personal relationship world they didn’t mesh well, but here in this world? Here in this world they do nothing but compliment each other.”
“Shut up and but your seatbelt on Barnes. We protect our senior citizens in this family.” Tony said and he and Sam laughed as James huffed and sat back to buckle his seat belt.
"I will gladly open the lines of communication, thank you for your generosity, she will be thrilled to have another mind to converse with about these things. While we are on the subject, I have a message to pass on to you from another guest currently staying in my palace."
Laura was out of her seat like a shot. "Tony, no, absolutely not. First of all, that doesn't make any sense! The second the world sees that video there will be no coming back for him. The world will never forgive him for murdering your parents, just like I doubt I ever will. I know we have talked about it, but I am telling you Tony, I just can't. I can't do that, not even for you."
The group approached closer and with every step Steve felt like his legs would give out. Behind him, heard someone’s knees hit the ground. A glance confirmed that it was Scott, his eyes wide and terrified. Steve continued to walk forward with James and the others. His stomach wrenched as his eyes glided, one by one, over the dead or dying bodies of the Avengers.
“I think that I am in dire need of one of Miss Lila’s cupcakes.” He announced. Lila’s face lit up as she and Cassie bounced off the couch and ran for the elevator. Tony stepped in and caught them though, and whispered in their ears. They both nodded enthusiastically at whatever he said and continued to the doors. “C-Hawk,” Tony called to Cooper, “Do me a favor and help your sisters, bud.” Cooper jumped off the couch and followed the girls as Tony called, “Hey bring that archery trophy back with you, I don’t think your dad has had a chance to be jealous of it yet.” Cooper looked slightly apprehensive as he glanced from Tony to his father, but ended up giving a small nod as he blushed and left the room.
They watched as Pepper turned to Tony, who stepped up to take over their pitch without a moments hesitation. It continued to flow seamlessly. All eyes were glued to the man as he stood tall and proud as he gestured to the files that had been distributed to each member of the table.
After making the rounds kissing and whispering in the ears of people he pretended to care about on the first floor and not finding the African King, he ascended the steps to the second floor overlooking the ballroom and tried to be nonchalant as he scanned for the King.
By the time Sam had reached the stairs to the basement Steve had already make it down the winding staircase and into the basement below.
Tony snarled out, “You fucking go near them and I will rip your heart out with my bare hands. Do you hear me? I will make you suffer in ways you can’t possibly imagine.” Ross only continued to sneer. “Now, what would dear Captain Rogers say to that kind of talk?”
The next few minutes are a barrage of fists, boots, and the butt ends of guns. One of the largest thugs picks her up from the heap on the ground by her throat and raises her at least three feet off the ground, her legs dangling. Between the voltage and the rest of the damage she has taken, she can barely summon enough strength to claw at his hand.
He hears footsteps approach but makes no move to acknowledge them. The individual stands at his side, hovering for a moment until he feels a slender hand slide to rest on his shoulder and give a surprisingly strong squeeze. A very small piece of him wants to throw off the gesture of comfort. He doesn’t deserve it, he failed. He failed to stop Thanos, he failed to protect the world, and he failed his family. The larger and desperately broken part of him wins however, and instead he raises his other hand to clutch the smaller one fiercely, like it is tethering him to the present, like it is the only thing keeping him from walking headlong into the abyss that he so desperately wishes he could jump into.
T'Challa had been heading to the basement to check on Barnes when he had heard Steve's voice. He slowed his pace as he descended down the stairs and his steps turned silent as he crept closer to the basement, staying out of Steve's sight.
Tony could only watch as Natasha exited the Gala, quite obviously furious with him. He understood and he felt horrible for keeping his plan a secret from her for the time being. He felt dirty himself, the taste of the man still in his mouth and the memory of unfamiliar hands on this body made him want to squirm out of this own skin.
"Bravo, brother." Came the quiet approval from Shuri. She glanced at Steve, who also wore a small grateful smile as he watched the King walk away.
Cooper refused to meet Clint’s eyes as he stormed past, dragging Cassie and Peter with him. Lila hesitated momentarily, though, peering at her father. Tony stood with her, he didn’t try to push her or rush her, simply waiting for the small girl to make her own choice. As she stood uncertain, Tony leaned over and said, “Why don’t you tell your daddy goodnight, honey?”
“Laura.” He whispered her name. She turned sad eyes on him and sighed, walking over to a set of armchairs and moved the coloring books onto a side table. Gesturing for him to take the other seat she said, “Let’s talk Clint. I’ll tell you what’s happened here and then you can try and explain to me your story and tell me why you think I should care.”
Tony managed to catch up to Steve right before he walked into the invisible webbing strung across the hallway from wall to wall. Unfortunately, with the enthusiasm that it Tony put into grabbing Steve and pulling him away, Steve’s other arm had swung out a little bit and his hand came into contact with some of the sticky web. As Tony grabbed him by the collar and swung him into one of the other empty guest rooms, Steve had valiantly tried to right himself just as Tony had tried to balance him, resulting in them tumbling into a pile on the ground in the room. Tony sat up quickly and used all of his strength to push Steve off of him, of course, just as Steve raised his hand to push off of Tony. Their palms met and the webbing that Steve had been unlucky enough to get on his hand was now effectively sticking their hands together.
Clint's glare turned on Tony but Laura cut him off quickly, "You don't have to, baby. Lets all go, come on, take your sister back upstairs, please. I told you that you could see Tony and Peter and we have. Let's go." Nathaniel began to cry at being led away from Tony.
"My name is Jaqueline De'Varo and we are reporting live from the Stark Charity Gala, held in beautiful New York City, where everyone who is anyone is going to be tonight. We are all hoping to specifically catch a glimpse of the man this entire affair is named for, the famous Tony Stark. He has been mostly absent from the public eyes for the last few months, ever since the event that is now being referred to as "Civil War", where a difference of personality, opinion, and politics is thought to have torn apart the once great team of "The Avengers". Rumors that Mr. Stark has not taken the split of the team well have persisted and grown the longer he has stayed out of the public eye. However, it is confirmed that he and Pepper Potts are not back together, and likely never will be, despite signs that they are still close. In a comment obtained from Ms. Potts herself only a few weeks after the reported split, she had said that while they loved each other dearly, they are better off as friends."
"I didn't deserve it. Your father meant to give it to someone who would treat it with the respect it deserved. I didn't do that then. But…" He took a step closer to Tony, who still had his back to him, but his head was cocked to the side, listening to what Steve was saying. "But, I swear to you, I will be. I wont-" His voice cracked a little bit so he cleared his throat and tried again, "I wont let you down."
“Here you are again, playing team leader Captain Mother Hen. You don’t get to tell me if I can drink or not. God, you always do this!” Steve, of course, looked completely taken aback by Tony’s annoyance. “I’m worried about you!” He shot back. Tony scoffed at him before saying, “So be
Resigned to his fate, he stepped up behind Tony and peered over his shoulder at the tablet in Peter’s hands. Tony tensed at having Steve so close behind him, but said nothing. Feeling eyes on him, Steve glanced to his left and saw Shuri, quietly taking a picture of he and Tony’s hands stuck together. She glanced up at him, not the slightest bit ashamed at being caught, and winked, tilting the phone screen to show him. She mouthed,
They stare at each other for a moment, her trying to figure out why he would risk himself for her, him trying to understand why she was surprised he had done so. He casts a glance behind him before sighing and again asking, “Do you think you can you stand?”
Laura offered him her hand and said "Hello Your Highness, you look very nice. Did you enjoy the Gala?"
They all shared awkward glances at that. Okay, so Tony felt that this was something they should all be included on.
"This is a simulation environment that Tony developed along with Bruce, Peter, and Shuri. The environment will change depending on the simulation settings. This is where we are going to learn to work together as a team again. We can't have practice runs in the real world where everyone can see us if we screw up, so this is where we are for the present. The simulation will run and respond in the same way the real environment would. Buildings will fall, civilians need to be saved, and the objective needs to be completed. At the end of the simulation, we will be able to see exactly how well we preformed. FRIDAY will give us damage assessment, casualty numbers, etc. Any questions?"
Steve felt the hot tear trace its way down his cheek. Thor spoke, “How did Thanos gain the Time Stone?”
Ross gave him a smile that was more of a sneer. “Now was that really so hard, Captain? Surrender is painless, too bad you couldn’t have done this a year ago, huh? Could’ve saved everyone a whole lot of pain.”
Silence followed his inquiry. "Yeah, I thought not. Honey, I love you, you know that, but you've got to talk to him at some point. The man is living a few floors under his wife and children and he can't see them. That's torture and you know it."
For a moment Steve thought that was a horrible idea, why make the kid see proof of Tony's pain? The thought was silenced quickly when Peter's face lit up at the suggestion. "A spider web? Dude, no way, that is so sweet. Yeah I wanna see, can we go now, is he ready right now, which way?" The kid was practically tripping over himself.
Bucky turned around, an apple in his mouth and a bottle of water in his hand. He froze when he saw all of their gazes trained on him. "Uh… anyone hungry?"
“Nat made sure all I have is apple juice, but the good news is that it is organic.” Tony quipped sarcastically as he retrieved a carton out of the mini-fridge and set two glasses on the bar, his back to Steve. While he did so, Steve walked up behind him slowly and deliberately, making noise so that Tony knew where he was and his intention to approach. He came up behind Tony and put one hand on the counter on each side of the man. Tony stood boxed between Steve’s arms, but didn’t react as he unscrewed the lid and quietly said, “Say when.”
"They fought, constantly, always so sure they were right and always pointing out why the other was a jackass. But that fighting, it made us a better team and it never had any real malic behind it." His face fell, "Until the day those Accords were set in front of us."
Tony ended the call and excitedly announced that King T’Challa and Princess Shuri would be arriving that night and be joining them at the Compound for a few days. He smiled as he said, “I gotta tell Peter, they’ve been electronic pen pals for a while now. He’s going to die when he hears.” With that he walked away to call the kid.
T’Challa covered the receiver of his phone and said, “Captain, you are not approved for active duty. Let me sort this out, please, and I will tell you when those of us who are allowed can go.”
"Or is that what you want, Stark? Because I guarantee you, I can make things very very difficult for you if you are even thinking of trying to play your way out of this and help your criminal friends."
He felt her hand rest on his shoulder for a moment before she spoke again. “I have worked here for a long long time; I know the look of relief that shows on a person’s face when they realize they haven’t lost their chance to admit their feelings to the one they love. I can even guess whether or not the one who is hurt loves that person in return.” Steve’s tears continued to fall as she spoke. “Of course, it’s always a little easier to tell when the one who is hurt repeatedly asks for the other person while they are half conscious.” She added with an amusement. “Even if I didn’t watch the news, I would have known you were ‘Steve’.” She gave his shoulder a last gentle pat before he heard her footsteps retreat to the door and close it behind her.
Steve has never actually seen Tony in action outside of the Iron Man suit. Objectively, yes, he knew that Stark Industries was a titan in the corporate world, and he knew that Tony himself had led Stark Industries to become the behemoth that it was after Howard’s sudden death. Pepper had taken over and continued the progress, but Tony was the one who had pushed his legacy through the dark times and out the other side to where it now reigned at the top of the world. So yes, Steve knew that Tony must have the skills and the prowess in the corporate setting, but just like Clint and the others, he had never actually seen it.
James snorts at him and smacks the back of his head before he stands up and offers Tony a hand up as he rolls onto his back. “You are absolutely impossible, Stark. What’s wrong, has it been a while, playboy?”
Tony and Peter stepped off the elevator, in the middle of a debate. “Peter, if I give you a room here, you’ll never leave.” Peter held Cassie’s small hand in his as he answered, “What?! I would so! I do have a life, you know- friends! It would just be like, in case I needed to stay over or something.”  Maggie, who was holding a sleepy Nathaniel in her arms, rolled her eyes as she stepped off the elevator behind them, Cooper and Lila trailing after her.
. Looking at to his left, Shuri had her head resting on his shoulder. He loved their bond. As siblings, it seemed they always could tell what the other was thinking and right now, he knew she was watching and thinking the same thing. The Avengers were starting to come together.
Steve shook his head as he took another step towards him. "No, Tony, I don't care about Howard. It's you. And I wont let you down, again. I promise you that."
"So," she continued, "we need to be here for each other. I know it doesn't seem like it, but we are still a team. Not the same team we were, of course, but a team none the less. You and I work well together in the field, and we can help Vision get there with us. We can still do good and we can still kick ass. But I can't do it alone and I can't do it if you are stumbling around intoxicated. We need to talk to each other. We need to avoid the things that caused this whole mess and we need to communicate. So. Let's start getting this shit all out right now so that we can face everything together, like we were meant to."
If you have any questions, FRIDAY is linked into the entire building and available to you at all times. Everyone is to be civil with each other, regardless of ideological or moral differences. Sergeant Barnes and I will be your main points of contact, should you need anything that FRIDAY cannot provide you with. My next point I cannot stress enough, you will not, under any circumstance, lay your hands on another member of the compound in a threatening manner. You will not be participating on any missions until we have established trust with the public and with one another. There will be mandatory team training sessions to try and accomplish this. You will find that there are many changes to the Compound, mostly its inhabitants. Once we get inside you are free to make yourselves comfortable. Does everyone understand?"
Tony's retreating voice could be heard as he yelled, "The pizza is here, asshole. You'll be lucky if you get any at this point!"
Natasha turned fearful eyes on James. “Simulation.” She stated. It wasn’t a question and the panic in her eyes spoke volumes. Steve felt his heart hammering out of his chest.
“How about a run to the store? I could go for some Oreo’s and I’m 98% sure that Clint ate them all last night. Snowflake, wanna come with?” Tony turned and asked James, who nodded enthusiastically.
They entered the building and walked through the familiar lobby on the first floor. Things looked basically unchanged, except as Steve surveyed the area, his eyes caught on some shoe scuff marks on the tile floor and a small plastic green army man peeking out from the pot of a planted fern. Spider-Man,
thought you were a good man and a trusted ally. I know you may not believe me, since we have never been close, but I consider you my friend. I can turn my back on you knowing you have my six, and that's, well, a big deal for me. I am not sorry that I signed the Accords and I am not sorry I am here with you and Vis."
“Just think about what you like, and he’ll probably…” James started and Steve immediately shot to his feet. “Use lube! Go slow! Remember who you are!” He yelled at Steve’s retreating back. Steve raised his hand and without looking back he flipped him off before the door closed behind him. James sat in the stairwell and watched the rain for a few more moments, enjoying his victory.
The camera panned down the stairs to the curb where Steve instantly recognized Happy walking around the car and opening the door for the occupant inside.
“Rogers, come on, stand up. If I miss this prank because I was saving your ass, I am going to be pissed at you for the rest of your life.” Tony said, trying to get to the door. Apparently, Steve hated himself, because he said, “As if you aren’t already set on doing that anyways?” Tony stopped for a second and turned his gaze on him. Steve felt like slapping himself. Why the hell did he always make everything so much worse? He was hyper aware of how close Tony was now, and the feel of their palms pushed together, Tony’s hand just a bit smaller than his own. He could feel each callus from Tony’s work in his lab and tinkering, flat against his own palm.
Steve felt his heart sink. He knew of course Tony wouldn't want to be around them. Part of him couldn't help but be disappointed, though. If they were going to be a team Tony would need to be with them, just as they had been before.
Tony’s face turned stony. He leaned forward into the microphones. “Let me make this very clear; I happen to know a good many people who have witnessed, first hand, the atrocities and human crimes that were committed last time someone asked a question like that.” His face was hard as he stared down the reporter. “There will not be any registration.” With that he ended the press conference and stepped down, heading for his car where Happy was waiting with the door. Once inside, Tony noticed Nat already in the car waiting for him. She greeted him happily with a smile and a hug, wearing his mothers necklace. “Oh Tony, you did wonderful, I’m so proud of you!”
The girl hadn’t been around very much herself, but James had watched the very few times that Tony had come into the kitchen for coffee and had seen Sam ask Wanda to help him with something in another room. He also knew that Sam was doing a damn good job of keeping Steve’s head up and distracted.
Sam rushed forward and Peter gave him a bright smile as he handed the little flying robot to Sam who took it reverently.
“No way, don’t make shit up. Oh god, now I’m trying to picture it… I can’t, I need proof. Prove your claims, Romanov, I have to see this to believe it.” Clint insisted, his cereal now forgotten.
Clint flinched at the the bite in his son's voice. "Coop." Tony said sharply. Cooper turned towards Tony and just shook his head. "You said I didn't have to."
Steve had only a few moments to appreciate the fact that Tony was showing protectiveness for him, anger with Ross for hurting him, concern at his pain, and support for him by holding him up. Tony’s arm was strong around his waist and his palm warm where it rested on his chest. He tightened his own hold on Tony with the arm currently slung over Tony’s shoulder. The fiery anger had returned to Tony’s eyes again though as he looked at Ross and the armed guards.
Lila stood for a moment, chewing on her lip as she searched for something to impress Tony into giving her the treat. “I helped mommy watch Nate today and made us macaroni and cheese for lunch!” Tony turned towards Laura, who confirmed Lila’s story with a nod. Tony turned soft eyes on the little girl and handed her the Twix bar.
He felt his heart flutter and then strain at the thought of the man a few floors above him, hurt, bruised, and bleeding. Just like he had been when Steve had walked away in Siberia.
He hadn’t told them how things had all gone to hell in the bunker in Siberia. He hadn’t told them how Ste-Rogers, had nearly killed him with the shield Tony’s own father had made for him. He hadn’t told them that he was left there, powerless and betrayed by a man he had considered family.
It was like he finally had a workable problem in his hands and he was ready to get started. He needed a little help. Who better to help him than someone who was literally always there? He cleared his throat, “FRIDAY?” He called out.
Out of the corner of her blurry vision she sees one of the thugs pull a large metal collar out of a case and advance towards her. With air cut off she starts to see spots and her head feels light. Before he can reach for her, a sudden noise echoes through the alley and she is dropped back to the dirty ground with a thud, landing on her stomach with her face in the dirt. Her lungs drag in breath after breath in a panicked attempt to regain some kind of awareness.
The night before, after he had finished packing, Bucky had confronted Steve about his feelings for Tony, calling him a punk and saying he shouldn't have tried to hide them from him, especially since Steve's outburst the night of the Gala had made his thoughts on Tony Stark embarrassingly obvious to everyone else.
Bucky's small smile grew in to a full-blown grin. "You mean, after we spoke about how our dear Stevie here was always sick?" Bucky turned at held Steve's gaze the entire time he asked.
It was like time had stopped completely for Steve. No sounds made it to his ears, everything moved slowly, playing out like a silent film.
Steve couldn’t help but wonder what had transpired between them in the three weeks that the woman had developed such a fierce affection and loyalty for Tony, not that it surprised him. Tony was nearly everything to him, he shouldn’t be shocked that someone else saw just how much Tony was worth. He was suddenly very glad that Nebula had been left with Tony on Titan. If Steve couldn’t have been there himself, he had a feeling that he couldn’t have asked for anyone better to have Tony’s back.
He was so afraid for Bucky, remembering the look in Tony's eyes in the bunker in Siberia. Why would Tony even agree to something like this? Why would he ever agree to be Bucky's guardian when he made it clear he didn't think Bucky could be trusted. If Bucky was out of control, and Tony had made it clear he had thought he was, why would Tony agree to take responsibility for what he thought was inevitable?
Looking down he found a small drawstring bag. "I worked very hard on these, Brooklyn. Don't waste my time." He looked at the bag curiously. "Open it when you are home." She winked at him, stepping back to link her arm with her mother. Carefully Steve put the gift in the pocket of his duffle bag.
“Don’t come back until I tell you to, got it?” They all answered affirmatively. Once the doors closed, Tony called out, “FRIDAY, don’t let any of them out of the Penthouse until I give the all clear, got it? Whatever it takes Babygirl, you keep them upstairs no matter what. Got it?”
T’Challa’s rich voice carried a simple conversation with Rhodes for a moment before he stood and excused himself for the night, saying he would need rest for the press conference in the morning. Tony and Rhodes called their goodnights, but as T’Challa was about to step out of the room, he turned and asked lightly, “Can I take that bottle for you, my friend?” Tony turned away from Rhodes and the sink for a brief second to see what T’Challa was referring to, before answering, “Yeah, sure, would you mind just throwing it out for me?” T’Challa response was that it would be his pleasure.
“Tony, please stop, tell us what that was in space, that wasn’t a memory!” Natasha cried next to him.
Honestly part of him was afraid to lose the family he had gained. But he knew that was a possibility when this began. He knew that bringing the others back would mean that the happy peacefulness he had created in the Compound would likely shatter. That was his life at this point though, and he was ready for it. Besides, they were a real family, he was only a temporary place filler.
What might have once been an easy bake oven, but now had Stark-like modifications added to it, had taken residence on what would have once been a mini bar. It was now covered in a rainbow of frosting and sprinkles, with mini cupcakes in their brightly colored wrapping stacked up in a tier.
He whipped around to face the King, who didn’t shrink even slightly from the challenge blazing in Tony’s eyes. They were standing very close now and Tony was sure the man would be able to see the cracks in his soul.
“I do not wish to keep you; I know you are a busy man. I would like to ask you a favor, before you go, if I may?”
Clint had found the way onto the roof of the home and could nearly always be found there. Fitting, he supposed for a man known as Hawkeye. If he or Wanda were not in their normal reserved place, you could nearly always find them together in the other's instead. They were close, T'Challa noticed early on. Clint kept an eye on Scarlet Witch as though she were his responsibility. When Clint had opened up to him about what had happened with her bother, he had understood why he felt the need to protect her.
After Happy had left he turned back to T'Challa and motioned for him to follow him to the elevator. Once inside, the King turned toward him with a look on his face that clearly indicated he was waiting for an explanation.
"I'll give you a tour of the lab and the BARF tech so you can see and understand it for yourself. You don't like it or you don't trust me and you can walk at any time. I will be clear and honest with you; I don't know that I can ever completely forget what happened with Barnes. I know it wasn't his fault, and I don't blame him, but I still lost my parents to his hands. If I blamed him for what happened I would have to blame Clint for the actions he committed under Loki's influence. That doesn't mean that I want to be his friend, but I won't attack him again."
Ross’ smile grew as he took a step toward Tony and Steve. “Actually, I can. Read the King’s precious Accords. It’s a safety precaution. If one of you is implicated in a crime, you can be detained by the government until it is determined whether you are a threat or not. That’s the law you all signed, isn’t that right King T’Challa?”
"What's the matter, Rogers, you couldn't tell them what happened, how the icon of truth and integrity fell of the scales of justice?"
James helped Tony stand and walked him to his large bed. Pulling back the covers James helped him side under before tucking him in snugly. Tony was already drifting off when he called, "James?"
After just making a desperate escape to his car after the near disastrous meeting with the King of Wakanda in the UN bathroom, Tony had spent the rest of his morning trying to forget it had even taken place, taking the edge off with a joint, since he was sure if he started drinking he wouldn't attend the Charity event that evening. After he had calmed down a little bit, he had made his way to the venue for the Gala.
With that, Peter pulled on his mask and turned to walk to the middle of the simulation room. Steve climbed the stairs on unsteady legs and walked into the viewing room where the rest of the team had gathered. They were all heckling each other and joking around as they took their seats around the room, it seemed none of them were paying enough attention to notice the fact Steve had entered a while after they had.
T'Challa turned away from the door slowly and raised an eyebrow at Tony, who now sat on the couch, surrounded by the broken remnants of the room.
Tony's smile grew as a blush rose on his cheeks. "I'm lucky to have them all. I don't know where I would be without them."
He was on the last stair and coming through the door when he saw T'Challa hold his hand up behind him, instructing him to stop where he was. T'Challa kept conversing, but didn't look at Steve.
Steve couldn’t fight the giant smile on his face as he watched Peter nearly die of embarrassment on the spot, Tony looking every bit the smug proud father at his side. It’s obvious that the paper is about the relationship and father figure that Tony represents in Peter’s life. Tony choked up momentarily, before recovering and pulling a surprised Peter into the kitchen saying, “Come on blood, we’ve got celebratory ice cream calling our names.”
Steve shook his head, "I tried to stop him, but he just kept coming. Every time we put him down he stood back up."
T'Challa hesitated before pushing onward, reciting the agreed upon arrangements. "Your guardianship has been assigned by the UN already. You will be housed together and under the same roof you will receive the medical treatment. You will not be allowed outside of the housing unless your guardian, or an approved temporary substitute, is present at all times. Your communication will be limited under the provisions set by your guardian. Your guardian has agreed to take upon themselves all responsibility for your actions. If you should lash out in anyway and hurt anyone, your guardian will be the one to take the fall for and with you, do you understand this?"
T'Challa smiled at her before answering, "Thank you, we are very glad to be here. It is an important night."
James felt his heart seize at that. That knowledge would break Steve's heart. He took a breath and pushed open the doors.
T'Challa had enough. "Gentleman, please, this will solve nothing. Mr. Secretary, it seems that we have the answer we came here for. Mr. Stark does not seem to harbor any positive feelings towards his old teammates. I suggest we carry on to productive negotiations."
Unless… suddenly an idea hit him full force in the chest. As he rode the elevator to his floor to change for the Gala his mind started running with possibilities.
Everyone smiled as they passed Peter, slapping him on the back and congratulating him for being so ‘brave’. Peter looked less than thrilled as they filed past him. Natasha gave him a love slap on the cheek and said, “Way to take one for the team, Parker.”
The camera panned across the Grand Ballroom and focused on various celebrities, heads of states, government officials, etc. before coming to again land on the man of the hour. Tony stood tall in the middle of a circle of at least twenty people, holding an empty tumbler in one hand, using his other to make gestures while commanding the center of attention with his story. His face still held his trademark grin as the crowd laughed at his punchline. A tall handsome man came forward from the crowd with two drinks in hand and stepped right up to Tony, far closer than necessary, his eyes raking up the genius with obvious intention.
Steve kept his gaze level. He knew he was blushing but to hell with it, he had said it and he had meant it. It’s not like Tony didn’t know that he was attracted to him. “I-” He cleared his throat. “I did. I mean- I do. I do like the view. Its uh…It’s a very nice view.” Oh god. Very smooth Steve.
Steve felt his face flush as he looked down at his shoes, suddenly very interested in the polished floor underneath his feet.
crosses the threshold. He knows his power and the effect it has on the room and its occupants. Look at the confidence, Steve, he knows he owns the room and he hasn’t even opened his mouth yet. And you know what his mouth is capable of, don’t you? All sharp wit and dangerous edges you could cut yourself on.”
It was like Steve was watching this all unfold like a movie. He didn't have control over his own mouth and body. He nearly cringed as he watched himself say, "Tony, your dad was proud of you."
“Home sweet home.” Tony quipped as he moved forward into the room. He slipped off the jacket he was wearing and laid it over a chair, leaving him in a soft plain light blue t-shirt. Steve knew this was it, this was the moment that he could change things. Tony was giving him a chance to make this right. James’ words from the hospital echoed in his mind. If he wanted this, he needed to put himself out there, even though he was terrified of Tony’s rejection.
“After what happened, after what everyone else just got front row seats to, I don’t think I can have this conversation with you today.”
T'Challa placed himself between them both, his hand holding Tony back from getting any closer to Ross. When Tony glanced at his face, he read concern and apprehension in T'Challa's eyes, though his face remained outwardly fairly calm.
“You are lucky that I haven’t killed you yet.” She said as she turned back to the controls, trying to fight the twinge of attachment in her chest as she saw him smile for the first time, even if it was sardonic.
Tony released a breath and it came out as a small sob. Seeing Tony so broken, his kind eyes so unsure, made James feel a protectiveness he hadn't felt in years. It was like having Stevie back in front of him before the serum. Shifting closer, James enveloped Tony in a gentle but firm hug.
He laughed a little bit at that before cutting off the noise with a sharp intake of breath through his teeth. Hearing the sound of pain, she turned back toward him.
James nodded as he watched Tony walk away. He was really proud of this move that Tony was making towards being friends with Sam. He knew that Tony didn’t harbor any negative feelings towards the man, but Sam hadn’t been so sure. Sam had tried to keep his distance, while still being friendly, so as to make sure Tony didn’t feel crowded or demanded of. James also knew that Sam was playing interference between Tony and Wanda.
“Growing up…” She cleared her throat as she trained her gaze on the far stars outside of the ship and tried again, “Growing up my father was… He used to force Gamora and I to fight each other. Gamora was better than I. So, every time I lost, he punished me by replacing a piece of me with a part. Eventually I became more part than person. So no, I don’t know what people of my race should look like. I don’t know if they look anything like I do now.”
Finally, they were all gathered in the gym together, taking turns sparring. Peter wasn’t there, Tony had insisted that the kid go to school, but the rest of them were all sitting on the sides, watching Tony and James spar. James was one of the few of them that Tony trusted to spar with him and be careful of his still healing injuries.
As the doors closed, Steve got only a moment to watch as Tony's forehead rested on Natasha's shoulder. His blue eyes connected with hers, ice cold as she glared at him with a look Steve had never seen directed toward even their worst opponents.
Turning back to Tony's side he leaned down to hear what the man had to say. Tony mumbled, "With you to the end of the line, too."
As they stepped off the elevator he was slightly thrown off by the amount of noise and life coming from the living space. They were greeted with the sight of Laura Barton balancing baby Nathaniel on her hip while Cooper, Lila, and Cassie sat in the middle of the room surrounded by puzzle pieces and crayons. Maggie Lang was bent down changing the movie they had playing in the background.
"Hmm? Oh, sorry Sam, just feeling fidgety I guess." Steve did his best to hold still, which only ended with him tapping his fingers on his knees instead. Sam rolled his eyes.
“The others are all still down there. Natasha and Clint were going to spar.” Scott said and Tony chuckled, turning to James and saying, “Brave and foolish man. That ought to be good.”
By popular request! Some of you asked to see a bit more, maybe see the evolution of the friendship seen in the first chapter, so here we go!
"No I don't mean Nat, knucklehead, although she might be up there too." James let a tentative smile slowly spread on his face. "Tony, are you saying I'm allowed to follow you upstairs?"
T'Challa followed Tony to the elevator, standing in silence for a moment while the doors closed. Leaning against the wall he crossed his arms and surveyed the man next to him.
“I believe I can help answer that.” Wong says, resigned. “Stephen contacted me with his magic from space before he was cut off.  Stark was able to save the boy from the atmosphere with an Iron Man design of the Spider Suit. He tried to send the kid home but he stowed away and didn’t reveal himself until it was too late. Together, they rescued Stephen and killed his captor. Stephen said they argued and Stark insisted that they take the fight to Thanos, away from Earth. If they failed, we were to stand and defend.”
They were standing on some alien landscape in the middle of a vast darkness. Steve jumped as one of the Leviathan from New York flew over them and hovered above. He watched as more of them materialized out of the darkness. To his horror, they were all flying for another one of the huge portals that had been over the city that day. Or-wait- was it the same portal? No, but he recognized Earth on the other side. It was an invasion, and one they wouldn’t have much hope of winning. Steve felt sick. A hand on his arm made him jump.
They had talked for hours. Stayed up as long as they could before they both drifted off still huddled together on the couch. Since that night they spoke often. If he felt out of control he would call or text her, if she felt alone or out of sorts she would reach out to him. Slowly they tried to do more, they trained and watched a few movies together with Vision, ate together as a group in the kitchen, and generally tried to regain some semblance of the team they had lost. They became close, so much so that Tony would say Natasha was on the very short list of people he truly trusted and would trust with his life.
One thing to remember is that those last few characters were one day, so if you think “Tony wouldn’t respond like that or wouldn’t roll over so easily”, remember the man has had one rough day.
Steve and Scott both shot up from their places on the couch with the kids. “What happened?” Steve said as he rushed over to them. Clint waved at him with his hand on Visions shoulder. “I’m fine, Cap. Just took a hit while we were sparring.” Before he could open his mouth Vision spoke, “It was an accident, Captain Rogers.” He tried to assure him.
“I see him put on a metal suit and take down bad guys all the time.” Clint insisted as Steve opened the refrigerator and popped open a bottled water, tipping it back and beginning to drain it with large gulps.
Tony couldn’t breathe. His lungs felt crushed and his heart was beating too fast. It was as though his body was screaming for air while simultaneously forgetting how to actually take a breath to correct the problem.
The elevator bell alerted them that they had arrived at their floor. One by one they all stepped off into the familiar area.
Steve felt his legs give out under him and nearly hit the ground before being caught by arms around his chest. He turned to look up into Clint's eyes as the man held on to him and hauled him over to the couch with Sam's help.
Peter leaned in hard with another left jab which Tony easily deflected while he shot out his foot and with one easy swipe took out Peter’s legs from under him. Dazed, Peter looked up from the spot he had landed and narrowed his eyes at the smiling billionaire above him.
“What, you don’t wanna have sex with him? Don’t lie to me Stevie, everyone knows you do. Just try and keep it in the bedroom, alright? The rest of us don’t need to be walking out and see the two of you-” Steve cut him off by slamming a hand over his mouth, his eyes wide and his face crimson.
Tony smirked and said, "In a moment, your Higher-Highness. I don't think I have the energy to explain things twice. Let me put the kids to bed and the grown-ups will all sit down and talk."
"I'm getting way too old for this shit, Laura. If the drama in this Compound wasn't enough, that kid is going to be the end of me." He replied testily.
Partway into the conversation Steve had pressed the button on Shuri’s bracelet again, becoming visible. They all watched as Tony got angry, and then watched in some amount of awe as Steve literally sank to his knees and begged for the genius to listen to him. As Steve recounted his failures in the war, the worst being letting Bucky down, James bowed his head from his place on the sofa. T’Challa watched as Sam and Rhodes put a comforting hand on each of his shoulders.
Kneeling down next to Tony, T’Challa asked, “My friend, can you move?” Tony winced but nodded a bit. Natasha came back into view with the keys to the cuffs she must have pulled off of one of the soldier’s bodies. The cuffs clicked and she threw them to the side before inspecting Tony’s wrists that were badly bruised. Tony stilled her hands and held one of them in his own tightly as he winced again. The ambulance pulled up and the EMT’s jumped from the back and shouldered them out of the way as they lifted Tony up and wheeled him to the vehicle. Tony held Natasha’s hand tightly the whole way, so she climbed in the back with him.
Unfortunately, things don’t go as smoothly as they’d hoped because, at this point, why the hell would it? Tony, who is sure the universe is out to get him personally at this point, has paired up with someone who, although he knows next to nothing about her, he knows she hasn’t had an easy ride either. Together, they probably bring all the bad luck left in the universe on themselves.
In her distraction, it took her longer than it ever should have to realize she is being watched and followed by at least 2 very large, very dangerous individuals. Without much of a thought, she ducked into the alley to her left to prepare for the inevitable confrontation.
He let his arm fall across T'Challa's shoulders as he turned toward the old woman holding him hostage.
The King stood and shook his hand firmly. “Captain Rogers, it is good to see you again.” Steve tried to push away the feeling of jealousy at how Tony had greeted T’Challa. He was better than petty jealousy. “Likewise, Sir, I’m glad you’re here.” Steve got the feeling that T’Challa knew his thoughts though, since the King was looking at him with that gaze that always made Steve feel like he knew more than he was letting on.
Tony nodded. "I need the King here to helpfully suggest that my BARF technology could help a certain Winter Super Solider take his life back and fight for the good guys. Everyone loves and underdog comeback story. They'll dump a brainwashed assassin in my lap and tell me that upon pain of death, I am supposed to fix him. Publicly, Ross will demand I smile and forgive Barnes. In private, I give just the right amount of believable push back and Ross thinks that he has me dancing on his strings. Once Ross is convinced we have the Winter Soldier on our side, he will be eager to correct the very public blunder of the Avengers break up. He will use Barnes' situation to offer the proverbial olive branch to the wayward Avengers and tell them that they are welcome to come home. After all Rogers did for Barnes, Ross would be right to assume that he would come back if it meant he got to be near his precious "Bucky". Ross thinks that Barnes will be the key to keeping Captain America in line and Captain America will in turn keep me in line."
Tony lifted his head from the tablet in his hands and gave his friend a rueful half smile. The bruising on his face had faded some, but the left side of his face was covered in green and blue patches and his wrist still had a brace on it.
Damn. He had never said it but Sam must have put it together. He shouldn't but surprised, Sam was sharper than anyone gave him credit for.
“Tony, why were you using that memory?” James asked him, approaching him again now that the memory of Siberia had cleared. He laid a hand on his shoulder before pulling him into a tight hug. “Didn’t you tell me there were rules with this, huh? You told me that we don’t go looking for pain without reason.”
“When we were in Wakanda, Sam said Steve never let that stupid flip phone outta his sight. He lived for the chance that you might call. He knew you didn’t need him, cause you’re Tony Stark, and you don’t need anyone to take care of you, but he drove himself crazy with the hope that you might call cause you
Vision had been nursing what Tony only assumed to be some kind of heartache in Wanda's absence. Rhodey had been focusing on his legs and taking the needed time to recuperate. That left Tony and Natasha together in the compound whenever she was there, though she would come and go constantly. Most of the time the only way he knew she had been there is when he woke up in his bed after a night of heavy drinking. She would be furious with him each time it happened, but still there would be painkillers and a glass of water on his nightstand in the morning.
"Did Rhodey or Pepper put you up to this? No. It doesn't, at least not for long enough. But it helps me forget for a while."
.” Bruce was holding his stomach, laughing so hard it was causing him pain. Scott echoed his sentiment, holding his abs and repeating “It hurts!” over and over again. On the floor, Peter and Shuri were an absolute mess of hysterics.
Finally, after what seemed like forever listening to endless gossip, the reporters began to excitedly announce that King T'Challa of Wakanda was arriving. It was clear that his entrance into the public spotlight after his father's death had left a lasting effect on people.
“I’m sorry, God you have no idea just how sorry I am that you got caught in the cross. My heart and my head, I just couldn’t get them in sync. I lied to you, and there is nothing I can do to change it, but I swear to you Tony, please look at me, I swear to you, there is nothing that I regret more in my life. Baby, there is nothing I wouldn’t give to change it. And you have been so amazing, honestly, you are such a good man. You took him in, you took all of us in and you’ve been so good to us-”
Everyone shifted uncomfortably as they stood in the training basement with Shuri speaking to them from her place on the balcony overseeing them. She smiled though, and continued, “But first, I have also designed some warm up simulations, just to get us all excited and feeling loose.”
"I truly thought he was such a selfish prick at first," Steve continued, "I treated him like he was a soldier who wasn't preforming his duty. I expected his father when we met and even though there are some similarities, they couldn't be more different. I made assumptions about him and he proved me wrong. He's a good man, Sam, I hope that I never called that into question for anyone else."
It was Rhodey who cast a glance over his shoulder at the them all before he turned back to the screen and answered her. "Yes ma'am. I mean, they aren't marked as fragile or anything, so we might shake them up a little, but they'll arrive in one piece."
“Oh my god, have you been reading Chicken Soup for the Soul or something, Rogers?” Tony scoffed. Steve shrugged slightly as he replied, “I… don’t understand that reference. But I have been reading some team building and relationship material. Someone pointed out to me that I haven’t been as effective of a team member as I imagined I was. I’ve been trying to rectify that.”
She watched as Tony piloted the ship. His skin was growing more pale each day that went by and although he tried to hide it, he was growing weaker. She could only hope that his world was in good enough shape that someone could help him with his wounds. Her best clearly wasn’t enough since his condition continued to worsen.
Paying her no mind, Rhodes pulled back and wiped some tears. “I’ve never been so happy to see you.” He told his friend. Tony continued to stare at him, breaking a small pained smile.
“We thought you were in trouble, we thought you were hurt.” Steve choked out as he stood up with Wanda’s help. Tony’s eyes turned to steel, “Well I fucking am, but you can’t do shit about it, Rogers, except get out of my lab, NOW.”
He had thought there were moments, brief ones, where he could see a special shine in Tony's eyes when they looked at him. Times when it seemed like it was just the two of them. Late nights after the others had gone to bed, or early mornings when Steve would come in for his run to find the genius sitting at the counter with a cup of coffee clutched in his hands as he looked over the blueprint for his newest invention. He had looked so soft in those moments, it had taken everything Steve had not run his fingers through his brown hair and lean down and kiss him.
"You, Stark, are going to stand up and say all the right things; how the man is innocent, how you don't blame him-"
Peter comes over almost every night and Tony and Bruce take turns helping him with homework that he knows the answer to, but doesn't have the attention span to complete without someone nearly chaining him to the table.
Inside he ached for things to change between them. He wanted the team to be together. They already were doing really well together, in training and out of it. Clint and Natasha were back to talking, maybe not as cozy as before but at least mending things. Sam and Rhodey were getting along well. The team was really starting to build a foundation that was so much more than it had ever been before. Tony wanted it to work, he just didn’t see a way that it could work with him in it.
For the first month afterwards, most of his time was spent either drunk, high out of his mind, or a mix of both. He thought this time of his life was over, but when everything fell apart, so did his carefully constructed walls. The public, his old “teammates”, all of them, they were right, he was nothing more than a man in a suit. No matter what he did, how he tried to change, or how long he kept it up, people always thought the same things. He was done trying to prove them wrong. He still functioned just as well in his lab, building and inventing, just letting his mind work. What did it matter if the rest of his life was falling apart?
“I guess you will just have to find someone who’s finger does match.” She said as she placed the box back into his hand and spun around on his chair towards his desk. She reached for his sketch pad, flipping it open to a random page and finding a sketch of the New York Skyline. Maybe she wouldn’t notice the Iron Man against the backdrop? No such luck, her grin said everything. She flipped to the next page, a scene of Wakanda during a rainstorm. He put the box back into the small bag and placed it back into his nightstand drawer. After that, he watched her as she flipped forward through the pages until she stopped on one, her eyes growing soft as her fingers traced lightly over the image. She tilted it so he could see. It was from before everything happened and it was one of his favorite drawings he had ever done.
On the footage, Wanda had given up all pretenses and was against the wall laughing. Vision had caught on to the act and could be heard calling, “Oh verrryy funny, Tony! Ha. Ha. Get out here and fix this you lunatic!” Unfortunately for him, the whole ordeal had attracted everyone else in the tower, who had now come into the hallway and were witnessing Vision’s plight.
The team shifted into defensive stances immediately and looked around at each other before Steve yelled for them to calm down and raised both of his hands to shoulder height. The others followed suit and soon they all stood in the middle of their living area with their hands raised in surrender as they were surrounded by the soldiers.
Maggie and Laura lowered themselves onto the two-person couch, leaving one last empty chair for Tony.
During his speech, Ross moved to the other side of the kitchen island Tony was still leaning against.
"Yeah, right now, he's just behind that door." Peter shot up out of his seat and handed his phone to Pepper as he all but ran through the hospital room door. Pepper was left standing in the hallway. With a smile on her face, Pepper Pott's familiar features came into focus on the QuinJet screen. Once the kid was through the door her smile fell a bit.
It had taken Science Squad about another hour and a half after Steve and Tony’s emotional display in the kitchen to finally find something that dissolved the webbing that was sticking to Vision and keeping their hands together.
Steve felt himself freeze for a moment as all eyes turned on him. Cassie continued past his discomfort however and said, “We are going to play Frisbee together!” She looked at Steve, waiting for him to confirm her story for her.
Sam was left dumbfounded in the kitchen as the doors closed behind them. He stood there for a second more before taking off down the hallway to his own room to change. He was going grocery shopping. He was going grocery shopping with Iron Man and The Winter Soldier. He was glad no one was there to see the gigantic goofy smile he was sure was currently stretched across his face as he tried to find his other shoe.
Of course he wasn’t foolish enough to think that things were alright between them, but surely they had changed somehow. He didn’t know what to do around Tony now. What did Tony want him to do? Compared to where they were now, the line from before actually seemed easy to identify. Tony had mostly made it clear what he wanted and expected, when he allowed Steve to be a little bit closer and when it was clear that Steve wasn’t welcome. But now?
Suddenly everything he had rehearsed, all of the scenarios he had imagined over the last months became paralyzing thoughts. He didn't know what to expect and he had honestly never been more afraid.
Needing his rest, Tony was only awake for short periods of time over the next two days. When he was awake, he had small amounts of painkiller in his system in order to cope with the pain. Dianne tried to make sure he got some peace, but with all of those who loved and cared for Tony, that was hard to do. After the initial gathering, the doctor had insisted on limiting the amount of people in the room at a time.
- but it had a bunch of smaller pieces of paper taped over it, almost covering the image. Stepping closer he easily recognized his own children’s drawings mixed with what he assumed to be Cassie Lang’s. They were crayon drawings of Iron Man, the Compound, Aunt Nat, family holding hands, many of the other Avengers, the farmhouse, and other heartwarming scenes.
He just didn’t know what to do with the information he had. He was usually so good at taking the pieces of an equation and putting them together. He was good at fixing things, he was The Mechanic, after all. But it was like the pieces he had been given didn’t fit. They didn’t make sense and that just wasn’t something knew how to handle.
Tony turned away from him and resumed walking up the stairs, which to be completely honest, wasn’t a bad view for Steve, though he missed their proximity. “You heard what Ross said. You know what I asked for.”
He hears and feels the shuffle as the individual sinks to their knees next to him heavily, exhausted and spent, their hands still connected on his shoulder.
to partner with you?” Tony suddenly felt a swell of emotions he had been trying to desperately to contain. This man next to him was honestly asking this of him? Did he understand what he was asking Tony to
Ross placed his hands on his hips and leaned forward to sneer, “Don’t forget who your life belongs to, Stark. You don’t get to decide if you’re going to drink yourself to death anymore. Do you think I don’t know about all of your close calls? Only, what, 6 months ago you had a brush with alcohol poisoning again, am I right?” At that, Steve felt his stomach clench. He glanced over at Tony, who raised his chin in defiance. “Keep it up, Ross.” He said darkly.
Once in a while Natasha would come down and Bucky would watch her play games on one of Tony's many computers. She had even begun teaching him to play with her, though she took no pity on him and gave him no mercy, killing his characters constantly.
Cassie slid out of Scott’s arms and began to walk into the kitchen when she turned towards Steve unexpectedly. She looked him up and down for a minute and Steve fought the urge to squirm under the gaze of a child. Finally, she stepped forward and whispered, “Uncle Tony says you like to play Frisbee.”
"Your guilt is going to eat you alive if you continue to let it." Steve's eyes snapped to hers, clearly alarmed.
Tony groaned as he picked up Cassie and Lila, one in each arm, and began to stumble towards the couches with Cooper hanging on to his leg like a Koala.
So instead he went to T'Challa and made sure that the King understood what he was doing, that he didn't feel comfortable with any of it, and that the world may hold Tony Stark responsible for any wrong moves Bucky may make, but that he would hold the King responsible for any harm that came to his friend.
“I’m sorry my friend, I would have been right behind you but I was detained by Ross.” Tony laid back into the cushions and covered his face with his hand. T’Challa called out, “Miss FRIDAY, would you request Doctor Banner’s presence?” Tony quirked an eyebrow as she answered,
Tony feigned indignation at Ross' words. "Why Secretary, I am astonished. And here I thought we were getting along swimmingly."
Everything he had thought about Tony, everything Tony presented to the world had turned out to be absolutely false. Tony was brave, kind, selfless, gorgeous, and so much more. He was everything Steve loved. He didn't know if Tony had felt anything for him in return, and it used to make him itch to know more, to find out for certain. Right now, however, he thought he would be happy forever, just to be able to stand near Tony and watch his back.
With a smirk he changed directions. And since he had the car keys in his pockets, the team would either have to walk home or wait for him. That was fair punishment as far as he was concerned.
“Wait!” Tony yelled. He pushed a surprised Steve into Sam and Clint’s arms and stepped in front of Wanda. Steve reached out to pull him back but James put his hand on his arm and prevented him from doing so.
It was Natasha who answered, "Wanda broke off from Rhodes and I a few minutes ago. We haven't seen her."
Steve nodded without a thought as Tony took his hand and led him to sit on the bed. “Do you have a side you prefer?” Tony asked quietly. Steve had never shared a bed with anyone before so he shook his head no. Tony let go of his hand and took a few steps backward, his eyes never leaving Steve’s as he pulled off his shirt with a wince and made his way over to the bathroom door, closing it behind him.
Tony's lips quirked up the slightest bit at the message. "Did he? Well. Since you are acting as a carrier pigeon, you can tell him that I appreciate it, as does Rhodey. And… tell him the same from me, huh?"
T'Challa continued saying, "He lives in the Compound for now, but I know that he does not plan to stay longer than the mandatory time that the UN Council has set. You are to work together and show the people you protect a united front, and after the World believes you and you are seen as heroes again, the UN will not longer enforce Iron Man to remain living under the same roof, but for now that is where we stand. I will be honest and tell you that he fought tooth and nail for this not to be the case, so before you voice your displeasure, I can assure you, the feeling of not wanting to be in close proximity is mutual."
"Now, on advice of my doctor, I am going to the penthouse to lie down. The rest of the compound is yours, have at it kiddos."
“He’s that kind of a guy. When we finally found some at a tiny store in the middle of a podunk dirt town, he bought all of the stock they had. I still have some, I’ll let you try it. I think Tony still has a bag stashed away somewhere too.”
This chapter is dedicated to:  iron-capsicle (dont_we_all_fall) who’s comments made me smile and gave me the motivation to push on and post the last 3 chapters before this one!! Thanks for being you!
The sat in silence for a long time, Tony still holding Steve’s hand tightly in his own while he rubbed his chest and took deep breaths. Steve wanted more than anything to reach out and comfort him, but he honestly didn’t know if that would make it worse, so he sat in silence and let Tony take calming breaths.
"Alright, we will call the kid now, Rhodes and Barnes out." Natasha's face disappeared and was replaced by the screen connecting dots until the new call was answered.
The last word came out in a breathy exhale that Steve found himself copying in a desperate attempt to remind his body how to actually breathe. They all watched as Tony and Pepper stood tall side by side at the head of the large glass table. Pepper began the meeting, her voice strong as Tony stood next to her, his relaxed posture still nearly screaming power in a way that Steve had only ever heard of but never seen in person.
Tony clapped his hands together suddenly, making everyone in the room jump. "Now, I am sorry for the worry and pain I caused you tonight. It's very important that no matter what anyone says about me or what you hear, you don't correct them. Let the names flow, they aren't anything I haven't been called before. Your highness, if you'll follow me to the lab, BARF is this way."
Sam tried to look apologetic as he put his bags down too. “I think I had the bread, Mrs. Barton. Sorry about that.” Laura turned and gave him an appraising look before she smiled at him warmly. “It’s Laura, Sam. If you’re going to be squishing the bread and driving me crazy with Tony, you might as well call me by my first name while you do it.”
Before Tony could open his mouth and reply James was leaning forward, his feet and chair now on the ground and his face serious. “So what’s happening? You want him or not?” He asked, no longer content to beat around the bush.
"What did you mean, that we didn't know how to disappear without help?" Steve asked. He had a feeling there was a lot more to that statement. Natasha never said anything unless she wanted it heard.
"Dude." Scott said. "This is so sweet. If my prison had looked like this before, I never would have wanted to leave." Wanda's eyes narrowed at his back as he continued further into the room to explore.
“I know that you are going to be angry, but you know that I have to ask; What the hell do you mean by that?” He said as he held her gaze with determination.
Tony didn’t have a chance to answer before Ross said “Surely you saw all the reporters waiting at the gate? They’re here to get a glimpse of the criminal Witch in handcuffs.”
"Follow us into the garage, will you? Choose any parking spot except for number 4, that's where I like to tell Spiderman to park his tricycle when he comes over." He flashed the King a smile and wink as they pulled away, the King shaking his head at the joke.
Convincing Steve Rogers that Tony Stark would not harm Barnes was a war that had taken far too long to win, and even when it was settled, it wasn't that he had truly won anything at all. They had argued about it for days, going back and forth.
Standing back up they all looked at each other. Any of the dust and glass that had been in their hair or skin was gone. The pain from the shock of the bomb blasts, gone.
Finally, he again outstretched his hand and opened his gauze wrapped palm towards her. He had barely done so before she sprung forward and burrowed her way into his embrace. He winced over her head, but said nothing, fighting through any discomfort in favor or holding his old friend. Nebula bit her tongue, but looked unhappy with the pain each reunion caused. After a while, Natasha finally pulled back, taking Tony’s face between her hands and pressing a kiss to his cheek.
When he was crashing the plane into the Ocean back in World War II he had known that it meant death, and he had only been slightly afraid of it. At least he knew what he was facing.
“Well… I don’t really know what I want so I don’t know what to ask you to pick up…” Sam said, trailing off.
T'Challa nodded, "Correct, Captain. In addition, your guardian will be overseen by a second individual, to assure that everything goes smoothly and you are treated well. That second oversight will be preformed by myself." He finished with a small smile at his seated guests.
Tony raised a hand before cutting him off, "I'm going to have to stop you right there. First, it's Tony, I'm not Howard, and you are literally living in my lab like a hamster. Second, this isn't a selfless act, alright? Helping you helps the people that I care about. I'll admit you are one tough son of a bitch, so let's call it a draw and leave the past where it belongs, huh?"
It's almost enough that Tony forgets the storm coming his way. He's ducked Ross and every phone call for much longer than he thought he would get away with, but he knew that Ross wouldn't let it stay that way for long.
"Yeah. Peter. You've already met him. Sometimes he likes to put on spandex and run around shooting webs at Super Soldiers."
In the corner, Bruce was standing next to an electric box, his hand clutching wires he had pulled out, effectively ended the simulation. His skin had a green tint to it as he shook from head to toe trying to contain the Hulk and center his thoughts.
T’Challa’s eyes grew softer and he tilted his head marginally as he answered, “No, I thought perhaps not. For your team, then?”
love with you. His greatest fear is that he will wake up one day and find everyone has moved on without him, again.”
From across the workshop Tony's voice could be heard, saying with mock indignation, "My millions of dollars and genius brain at your disposal and everything is alright? Good God, its like no one remembers how to be grateful anymore! Keep it up smart-ass and you'll be giving me back that snazzy new arm you're using to flip me off right now"
“And while I appreciate your bravery, I wouldn’t want to trade a daughter for a son, so don’t make me go through that. We’ll get them all back, including him and you can meet him properly. He will think you are amazing, just like I do.”
"In fact, it would. I had a few hours to kill so I used it to calm down and think things over afterwards and I think that you have a point. We can discuss it more tonight, if you are free?"
They all went to the kitchen and deposited Clint on one of the counter stools. Laura gave him a very disapproving look which Clint looked slightly guilty receiving but sent her a tiny smile anyways. Steve thought it was sweet when she rolled her eyes and suppressed smiling back at her husband.
Tony didn’t move his head, but let his eyes slide to his left and land on T’Challa as he continued to speak.
It was in this position that T'Challa found them and asked them to please follow him into the main room with the rest of their team. They shared a confused look, but followed the King anyways.
Rocket spoke up from where he sat on a step. “Thanos showin’ up here ain’t a good sign for their fate, is it?” It wasn’t meant to be harsh, but it wasn’t a question.
James broke out into a huge smile which Tony returned as they embraced in a hug until Tony winced and James broke it off quickly. He jumped up from his chair and opened the blinds, rapping on the window to get the attention of the occupants in the waiting room, waving his arms and shouting, “Each of you assholes owe me a hundred bucks, I got through to one of them!” As he pointed to Tony, who let his head fall into his hands with a groan. James turned away from the window and said, “Don’t worry, Stevie ain’t out there right now. Probably went to clean out the snacks from one of those machines somewhere. You’ll be able to shower him with your own cutesy version of this on your own time.” He said with a wink.
Wanda sadly shook her head at him. "Steve, we all adore you, you know that. We followed you here because we believed in you and believe in the choices you make. That doesn't mean we don't understand that you are human. You
Tony immediately stood and held up a hand to Pepper and then turned and held the same hand up to Natasha. T'Challa thought he looked like a man who knew he was cornered, but had one last ditch plan to save himself.
