You may have noticed I lopped off a chapter in the story info. That was just a miscalculation on my part. Only TWO parts left.
“You better get your hand out from under my dress before I break it off and shove it down your throat.”
Dean offered Castiel a beer as they climbed the narrow staircase to Dean’s rooms above the garage. Castiel declined, requesting tea instead, and Dean fought the roll of his eyes, the door opening with a gentle push of Dean’s mind. It was a long, narrow space, the living area blending into a kitchenette, with cased openings on either side to access a back hallway. Two doors, in shadow but still visible on either side of the kitchenette, one open revealing the foot of a bed, the other closed. The unicorn balloon hovered over the plentiful herb garden occupying what was traditionally the dining space, the window a black square in a whitewashed wall.
“Buy me a drink, Cas?” Dean fluttered his lashes, and Castiel’s focus was entirely on him, eyes locked as he lifted a casual hand in the air.
Dean asks Becky for another balloon and gets a special delivery from the Sheriff who takes a liking to Dean's new cat.
Castiel looked into Dean’s eyes for a long moment, head canting to the side as if he didn’t understand who Dean was referring to. Dean felt his chest begin to hitch, panic causing his fingers to spark, the energy flowing into Castiel’s body without meaning to. He was struck suddenly by a slew of memories, hellfire, and heavenly light, pain that felt like it was ripping his soul in two and the comfort of a mother’s touch. He saw Zachariah next to a blond woman, both looking cold and calculating.
One blink and he was back in his actual kitchen, Castiel now directly in front of him, crowding him back into the counter, blue eyes scanning his with intense precision. Dean felt his essence pawing all over his brain while his actual hands clutched at Dean’s biceps. The effect was heady, a surge of want punching through him.
“Dean,” Castiel’s voice was calmer this time, and Dean gave a shuddering breath as he felt Castiel’s hand slip under his hair and cup the back of his neck.
Dean felt deflated and then annoyed by the emotional whiplash. Castiel’s eyes cut to him and the feeling disappeared, the Familiar lowering his head in acquiescence.
Dean looked up chewing, then glanced down at his mug, struggling to swallow. “I wasn’t scared! You startled me.”
Lightning split the sky, hitting one of the stacks and sparks rained down on Castiel who barely even blinked. “I warned you. Underestimating-“
Dean glared at the black cat sitting perched on the fender, peering down into the engine block. It looked up at him then, large blue eyes blinking slow. Dean found the level of intelligence there unnerving.
Dean blinked. “So wait, are you supposed to convince me to walk right into Hell and ask to be escorted to The Cage? Is that the plan?”
“Part of the Familiar thing is you have to do what I tell you. You said that. I give you an order; you obey.” Dean’s eyes were cast down, but he felt Castiel’s suspicion skitter down his spine. Dean rubbed his tongue against the roof of his mouth, sour now as Castiel’s mood.
Dean’s eyes cracked open, peeking around and found the small black cat wasn’t anywhere to be seen nor was the man himself. Dean frowned, neck lifting from his pillow as he listened but the apartment was silent, just the low hum of the heater to break the late morning quiet.
!” Dean panted at the vibration letting out a soft whine as Castiel pulled back to lick his lips before diving back in. “Jesus, man, what are you even-
!” Dean grinned at Castiel, hurrying back over to where he had been punching holes in the drywall. “It should be behind here.” Dean crouched down, trying to peek into one of the holes. “I need a flashlight.”
voted to provide assistance. The angels aren’t to be dallied with, as you well know, Mr. Winchester, and given your lack of training, we are remiss to allow someone with The Gift to be subjugated by another entity. We do request that you participate in a few basic aptitude tests.”
Two days later, he received his summons, and after closing the shop for the day, he drove out past the county line where the prairie spread, flat and lush, as far as the eye could see. Rowena met him at the designated crossroads with two sorcerers in tow, their fingertips already sparking in anticipation of a fight. Dean secured the car and went quietly. He’d promised Sam he wouldn’t do anything reckless, and trying to take down two sorcerers and a three-hundred-year-old witch single-handedly was definitely reckless.
It was a little past nine when Dean realized his steady workflow had yet to be interrupted by the arrival of his daytime clerk. He checked his watch again, just to make sure he hadn’t read it wrong, but it was indeed nearly half an hour after her usual arrival time. Becky was a bit of a ditz with a serious lack of boundaries, but she was a hard worker and had never once been late or taken a day off without calling ahead of time.
“Physically, nothing.” Rowena unwound her arm from around Castiel’s and Dean scowled at her. “Look I’ve only just retrieved him from Heaven’s Gate. Your
It wasn’t a question and Dean crossed his arms over his chest, looked away. “Who doesn’t enjoy multiple orgasms?” he muttered, brooding.
Dean sat up like a shot, heart slamming into his ribs as he tried to pull air into his lungs. The room was still dark, and he felt in his bones that it would be that way for a while more. He listened hard, trying to hear if there was any movement in the apartment. The faint outline of his bedroom door, which remained cracked, was barely visible, but Dean heard the creak of the hinge as the heat kicked on. He felt that tingle at the base of his spine, anticipation warming his fingertips at the sound of something scraping against the wood, the hinges giving another croak.
The balloon bumped Dean’s shoulder again, and this time he whacked it behind him with the back of his hand. “What did you say your name was?”
“Won’t.” Dean panted as his hand under the covers pressed at his aching cock. There was a rumble in Cas’ chest, Dean’s eyes drawing from his dick to his face, and found that his pupils had grown so wide they’d taken over his eyes, no blue left.
When Dean awoke a handful of hours later he was alone in his room. He sat up on his elbows, rubbing his eye with the back of his hand as the evening sun warmed the floor beneath his bedroom window. He closed his eyes, mind merely turning in the direction of Castiel and immediately the phantom feeling of being submerged overtook him The warmth of bathwater sunk into his skin and he fell back, allowing his head to roll to the side, gazing at the open bathroom door.
Still waffling about that decision actually so if you read this and feel like it was a bit of a leap I'm interested in hearing your thoughts on that in particular. Or if you just want to read a little Fem!Dean-on-Fem!Hooker action I guess that's good to know too haha.
Dean was distracted by a strange sense of displeasure, suddenly disgruntled in a way that didn’t feel natural to him. He was - his brow creased - offended, without understanding why. Dean’s eyes met Castiel’s again, and he was caught in a stormy blue stare.
“Told ya.” Dean’s shoulder nudged into Castiel’s and Castiel lifted his cup of hot chocolate to keep it from sloshing. “Gimme some kettle corn will ya?”
He seemed less amused, when Cas lunged upward and impaled him with his blade. Dean could see the silver tip of it protruding out of the back, staining the white of his coat red.
"That's lovely!" Ruth said, and Dean had to fake a smile too when all he wanted was to busy himself with the pie.
"Stop– From doing what?" Dean thought he'd become pretty good at reading Cas, but as his gaze traveled searchingly over his face, the angel seemed like a stone wall before him.
"If you are an almighty angel, then surely you don't need a schmuck like me to run your errands," Dean said, even though his heart was beating fast enough to jump out his throat.
Dean didn't get any further before one of the townspeople raised a shotgun and fired. Instinctively, Dean ducked behind the open car door, and the buckshot peppered the metal instead of him.
"Give it up, Castiel," one of the figures in suits said. "Tell us where the Righteous Man is. You know his brother will cave."
"Yeah, but at what cost? An addiction to demon blood?" Sam crossed his arms, which told Dean Sam knew he was right, but didn't want to admit it. He went on, "Sam, I know what it's like to be addicted to something. It's never worth it, and you gotta kick the habit before you can't."
The demon parted her ruby red lips, clearly taken aback at Dean's ready compliance. But then those ruby red lips curled into a smile.
"When I was delusional," he began slowly. "I saw him. The Devil. Lucifer, whatever. I don't know how he was able find me, but at least he can't possess me without my say-so, or, like,
The single syllable was uttered with such conviction that Dean did look at Cas then. Cas stared at Raphael, the flames painting him in flickering reds and yellows. "No," Cas repeated. "I
He hadn't gone more than a few steps before he realized he hadn't trampled into a forest, but an orchard; apples, if he wasn't mistaken. The bloom was over; the ground was scattered with decaying white petals, and there was a sour and rotten smell in the air.
"Have you ever heard of the second law of thermodynamics?" Cas gasped, bracing one hand on the floor.
"I haven't had a great sample size," Dean said and kicked a pebble that was resting against the toe of his boot. "But your siblings seem like they're kind of assholes."
Then he breathed in, and when he breathed out, a warm gust against Dean’s cheek, he closed his eyes and lay still.
"Let me heal you," Castiel said and held up two fingers again. Dean looked at his hand and then at his face, before he leaned in.
Without making a sound, he cast about for anything to use as a weapon: his hand closed around a vase, and he sent his roommate a silent apology before he swung it at the figure.
Jo leaned her weight on the tree branch she had wielded as a weapon when she reached out a hand to help Dean to his feet. "I don't know, Dean," she said. "I've been here a while and I've never seen anything like that."
"This might be something," Sam said, to grab Dean's attention. Dean, who was half a beer into an episode of
"Everyone in this town cannot be culpable," Castiel said, which Dean supposed answered his question. Zachariah leveled him with a look that was almost bored.
The older of the two, DEAN, sets a hand on the younger man's shoulder. SAM looks down at his older brother.
"Dean," Cas said. "I will show you a sigil that will banish an angel to Heaven. If they come after you. Any angel."
By now the sound of fluttering wings and the strange pop of a form appearing from nothing was familiar, and still Dean jumped.
"She made a cherry pie as well," he said, without looking at Dean. "Is it weird if I put it in the freezer for a rainy day?"
someone being born," Castiel said, but he sounded thoughtful. "It was important to Heaven that you and Sam came into being."
When that was done, Dean shrugged the suspenders off his shoulders, unbuttoned his shirt, folded it and set it on the side of the road, and placed his hat on top. No use in getting them bloodstained, he figured, and used the knife in his work to separate the massive head from the hulking body.
"We're not– You and me are not going to be bait!" Dean said. "We're going to this town to find the bones of that couple that died in the forties, and— I'm not going to be the one telling your mother!"
"These guys suck," Dean said. Sam didn't deign to reply, and instead just charged on ahead down the secret passageway, aka the rickety wooden staircase down to the root cellar.
“I know that face,” Dean said and straightened up too, putting an arm around Castiel’s shoulders to pull him along. “You’re about to tell me to go on without you, but I’m telling you that ain’t going to happen.”
Sam gasped when he saw Dean, and he held his hand out, like he was trying to exorcise Dean with his powers. It took Dean a second to realize what he was doing; Sam had promised not to use those powers anymore, and anyway, it wouldn't work on Dean because Dean
Castiel paused for a moment and blinked. "No," he said again, this time softer. "I suppose they aren't given that chance, not unless I — or we — make the effort."
"Who are you?" Jo called, sparing Dean the trouble. It was a relief, when the man turned to look at her instead, giving Dean the chance to catch his breath.
the world from the Devil! Killing the Horsemen of the Apocalypse is a– a stopgap measure, at best! This will not end until Lucifer is ended."
And, as if to disavow him of that notion, the earth shook. Dean had to brace himself against a pew as he looked to the body of Lilith. Red lines were snaking out from under her; blood, forming some sort of sigil that made the hair on the back of Dean's neck stand up.
Wikipedia: "The dog days or dog days of summer are the hot, sultry days of summer. They were historically the period following the heliacal rising of the star system Sirius, which Greek and Roman astrology connected with heat, drought, sudden thunderstorms, lethargy, fever, mad dogs, and bad luck."
"What?" Dean said, chest heaving from drinking too quickly. "You try moving a monster that size without breaking a sweat!"
"I suppose so. But I'll say something else, for free. Dean, you have everything you need to end this."
The tattoo gun hurt, in a specific and numbing way. But it allowed him to keep his focus on his body, the present, and for that he was grateful. When the tattoo was safely wrapped, and Dean was on his way back to pick up Sam, his hand strayed from the wheel occasionally, to press on the still-sore wound under his jeans, and he felt grounded.
"Maybe," Dean said. "Maybe it's just that they know that killing them after they've appeared doesn't make a difference in the big scheme of things."
But then Sam's mouth opened in a soft gasp, and something orange-and-red flamed bright from deep within him with a horrible, crackling noise. He fell to the floor slowly, knees first, long body folding in on itself, and Dean only managed to reach him in time to keep his head from hitting the floor.
As a reflex more than anything else, Dean threw holy water at  her. The water hissed and evaporated as it came in contact with her, but unlike other demons, it didn't hurt her. She didn't even flinch. Dean's heart would've sunk if it wasn't already at his ankles.
"Close the door!" Jo commanded and backed up a few steps to let them in. "The demons are still out there."
Whatever this was, 'god' wasn't what Dean wanted to call it. 'Monster' seemed more apt for this hulking, almost sprawling figure looming in the darkness. But Dean supposed that worship could warp almost anything, and though it was futile, he still struggled against his bonds.
The deafening crash of the altar table hitting the floor, and Ellison's scream, and Dean forced himself up on his feet. Help Sam, take down this goddamn murder cult. The state of his soul wasn't important.
"You know, in Hell, I did it just to have something to do. The torture." Dean had to swallow to keep going. "The worst part wasn't the pain. You get used to that. The worst part is having absolutely nothing to work towards. The goddamn monotony– it, it broke me. It really did." He broke off to look at Castiel, and found him looking back. "What I'm saying is, maybe I get how some angels could've. You know. Snapped."
Tessa straightened up and uncrossed her arms. "Deal," she said. With her disappearance, the sunshine returned in full force.
It had taken some convincing, on Dean's part, to drag Sam with him to his guy in San Francisco, who specialized in tattooing spellwork. "I can just carry an anti-possession charm, Dean," Sam tried, but Dean shook his head and floored the gas. A charm could be lost, but a tattoo, now that was for life. His own anti-possession tattoo, the neat little pentagram encircled by flames, was nestled high up on his shoulder, edging down onto his clavicle.
Dean opened his mouth, but Sam hurried to continue, "I won't! It's just– He makes a really good case. But he's the Prince of Lies, right?"
"What are you doing to him?" Dean said, turning back to Famine, Colt raised. The demons moved in front of him protectively. The news about War must've spread.
Dean's hindbrain took over. He was inside the devil's trap with his hand on Alastair's throat, close enough to smell his rotten breath without even blinking. He could feel the demon swallow under his palm. Crushing the trachea would be so easy, the work of just a squeeze.
But he didn't know if he wanted Cas to listen to the ban he'd uttered, so he pulled him closer by the shirt and started to unbutton it. Cas, who was a terrifyingly quick study, pulled Dean's t-shirt out of his jeans and over his head, running his warm hands over Dean's chest and waist and back, to map or to feel, Dean didn't know, but sending rivers of pleasure coursing through him all the same.
if dark had a smell. But it did not contain root vegetables — Dean's flashlight illuminated a table dressed in cloth and covered in various ritual accoutrements; a bowl on a taped pentagram, herbs, a book, and what looked like a coptic cross.
What happened next was difficult for Dean to process, simply because he didn't know such a thing was possible. Sam closed his hands into fists, and every demon in the room stopped mid-step and near-identical looks of panic flitted across their faces.
"Likewise," Cas said, gazing steadily at her. "I don't mean to be rude, but what are you doing here?"
“If I come with you,” Castiel said slowly, searching Dean's face, “I will fall. And then you would have made an angel fall.”
“It won’t, Cas,” Dean said and turned back. The air was shimmering, and Dean knew now that it heralded the arrival of angels. “But you can—If you go through, they wouldn't be able to find you, right?”
Dean startled out of his cold rage and took a step back. Big mistake, because all Alastair had to do was stretch, now that the trap was broken, and Dean was smacked to the concrete wall hard enough that his head rang with the impact.
It wasn't a long struggle; Sam feinted and managed to slit the throat of the demon in one, decisive stroke.
Dean sat up and breathed in deep. He could smell honeysuckle on the breeze that ruffled his dust-colored hair, and that was when it struck him.
"Morning, sunshine," Dean said. The man had long, fair hair that had been darkened by water, and dripped morosely over his shoulders, and when he looked up at Dean, he resembled nothing so much as a drowned rat. Dean flicked the very last of the water in the bucket right into his face.
At the foot of the mountains, Henriksen looked up at the foreboding silhouette of the mountain peaks.
Dean closed his mouth and watched him. Sam didn't like the calculated look in his eyes, but he clenched his fists in his lap and waited for an answer.
"On the house, sweethearts," Ruth said brightly, blonde hair curling pleasantly around her face as she turned on her heel to wipe off the tables around them. "What are you in town for?"
And then the sound of fluttering wings, the cool rush of air to fill a suddenly empty space, and Castiel was gone.
For a second, Sam allowed himself to imagine a world where they didn't have to hunt demons, a world where both their parents were still alive and still living in that house in Lawrence, Kansas, that Sam had only seen pictures of. Maybe, after they killed this demon, they could settle down somewhere, Sam could finish school, and they would leave the ghost hunting to someone else.
Sam hasn’t run away, and that may honestly scare Dean more than anything else so far. He’s still on his knees, head bowed. It’s… wrong. Sam is the one who never stops fighting, who pushes and punches and screams at the world to make sense. He doesn’t give in, not to Hell and not to Heaven, not to the monsters in the dark and not even to family. He’s always sure of himself, even when he’s plainly not in the right. It’s one of the things Dean can always count on.
. Dean’s mouth forms the shape but nothing comes out. He reaches out to cradle Sam’s face, brushing the tears away.
“You want so desperately for me to fix your brother? Fine.” Cas brings one hand to his own cock and begins stroking quickly, just brushing against Dean’s lips up the upstroke. “Then you can play by the rules you’ve set up.” Cas strokes himself one last time and curls forward with a gasp. Hot liquid floods Dean’s mouth, bitter and salt and too much to be able to swallow at once, though he tries. Castiel lets him go as the last few spurts dribble across Dean’s tongue. There’s enough thought left in Dean’s head that he stays put, holding Castiel’s still-hard cock in his mouth.
No real space between them. Sam’s shirt rucked up and his jeans loose around his thighs. Blatant hunger as Castiel bites at Sam’s lips and his hand moves between their bodies.
“I am God.” Castiel reaches back and pulls the angel blade free from his own flesh. He stares a moment at the bloodless blade before vanishing it. “A better one than my father. Heaven’s throne has been abandoned for too long.”
"Let's just go and check it out," Sam said. Dean saw him touch the demon blade he kept in his inner jacket pocket, like a talisman.
Dean follows the man to his car – it’s a beat-up old Zephyr, nothing special. The man pulls out a bottle of whiskey from the back and takes a swig of it before he offers it to Dean. Dean drinks, deeply aware of the tension thrumming between them, before he hands it back.
"Agents Scott and Young," Sam said primly and tucked his badge back into his inner breast pocket. "We're here about the couple-murder-suicide situation."
It was Dean's turn to laugh, and he obediently grabbed Pamela's left hand when she indicated it. It felt strange, to have her cool hand pressing down on the still throbbing welt on his shoulder. It felt wrong.
"Zachariah," Castiel said and Dean noticed that Castiel's posture changed minutely, into something more defensive.
"Lovely," Dean said and swallowed laboriously. "Who can I talk to about renting this for the summer?"
But then Cas smiled, a sad, small smile, and clasped Dean's shoulder. Exactly where he had tattooed the angel banishing symbol what felt like a lifetime ago.
"Goddammit, Cas," Dean said and smacked his fist on the book in front of him. "Would it kill you to, I don't know, call first or something?"
Jo gave him a measured look. She had a maturity about her that Dean had never seen in her time on Earth, and when she clapped him on the shoulder, he wavered under her strength.
"What kind of creature has a paw that size?" Dean said and turned around to look along the horizon. Anything that size couldn't travel that fast, could it?
Dean found his footing immediately. It took a moment longer for his gaze to settle, because he was looking out at an unfamiliar view of tall trees on rolling hills interspersed with boulders, half covered with moss.
He couldn't breathe, so he threw the doors of the barn open. The Impala sat unmoved on the grass, and Dean left the knife on the passenger side seat. He didn't look at Sam's unconscious body as he closed the door and put his hand on the roof of the car, to steady himself.
Cas repeated, incredulously, and turned to look at him. To see the hurt laced with horror shining out of his eyes made Dean's heart thud painfully. "Didn't you hear Raphael? God is gone, and I've– Everything I ever believed in was a
If you liked this, I'd love it if you left a comment! And definitely go leave the kudos equivalent of feedback on the artist's work!
"What I don't get," Dean said, looking at Cas like he would disappear if he looked away, "is why Heaven sent you back."
The front fucking door, and they didn't have anyone guarding it. If Dean wasn't busy saving Sam, he'd laugh. It took two kicks to get open, but it opened, and Dean walked in with his gun ready, and came face to face with his own brother after two steps.
Walking out onto the street was bracing — even though it was summer, the nights were cool this far north, and Dean found himself raising his shoulders toward his ears protectively.  He glanced at Castiel and hissed, "It's science fiction, it doesn't have to make sense!"
Dean would never be able to say what exactly it was that clued him in. Something disdainful in Sam's expression, or the fact that Sam let him take the lead without protest maybe. Or just that he had given up too quickly. But Dean hadn't taken many steps down the corridor before he swung around, gun up and pointed at Sam.
"How'd you go out?" Rob asked. It didn't seem like a loaded question; it sounded more like small talk.
"Hell, you're dead too?" she said. She looked not a bit older than when Dean had seen her last, wearing sensible boots and a worn shirt like she always had. She stared at Dean with uncharacteristic emotion liquefying her sharp eyes.
Castiel though, Castiel remained the same. He didn't sleep, and he watched Dean with an unnerving intensity in everything he did.
"Fuck," Dean said, pressing both palms to his temples. "Fuck, Cas. If it was just me, but it's not. I can't– I can't ask that of Sam. I can't
"Why do we care what some Christian cuckoo cult is doing?" Dean asked, skimming the article. "I mean, I also don't like the government, but that's not because I think they're a Jewish conspiracy to bring about the end of the world, it's just because the government sucks."
Dean tried to think back, desperately. Jo hadn't helped with making the devil's trap. She hadn't gone out that way either; they'd all gone out the back. None of the holy water had splashed on her. Maybe–
Robert seemed much the same; Dean's judgement of him as too neat for hunting was put to shame, however, when Robert stopped abruptly and held up a fist to stop them too.
Dean tried to say something, but he had to stop and clear his throat before he could try again. "Cas, what are you doing?"
"We all want the same thing, Dean!" Sam said. Instead of pointing the gun at Dean, he held it out of his reach, like Dean used to hold the toy soldiers out of his reach when they were kids.
When he looked into the bathroom mirror, he had to touch his own face like he had touched his body, to make sure it wasn't torn to shreds by Hellhounds.
"No," Sam agreed, and the corner of his mouth tugged upward. "But he's a stubborn one. I wonder where he gets it from."
He walked in. When he saw the demon bound in the devil's trap, hung up much like a piece of meat to bleed dry, he stopped cold. He would have taken a step back if it wasn't for Castiel standing right behind him.
And Dean followed, resignedly. At the bottom of the stairs they found Ellison, by the altar, caught red handed and clearly shocked at the turn of events. Sam wasn't even armed, so it was up to Dean to point the gun at him.
"I'll be damned," the woman said and lowered her gun. "I'm Ellen, and that there is my daughter Jo. Jo, put the shotgun away, these are John Winchester's boys."
"I want to make a deal," he said. Her presence made his skin crawl, and he regretted leaving the demon killing blade in the car.
Introducing himself to Bobby after the two-day drive up to South Dakota went something like this: duck shotgun blast, tolerate a faceful of holy water, and offer to pull a silver blade across his own arm to prove he wasn't some kind of monster.
Dean flicked his eyes from the demons to his brother. Sam had lowered his head and looked like he was bracing himself, concentrating deeply. Then all four of the demons threw their heads back as their demonic essence was expunged from the mouths of the host bodies in ashy, black clouds.
"Aw, come on Sammy," Dean said and clapped him on the shoulder. Sam flinched. "It's a beautiful thing, when a man loves a woman–"
an angel!" Dean replied, and apparently, didn't keep his voice low enough, because Karen popped her head out of the kitchen and scared the daylights out of all three of them.
Castiel said, bristling like a bird burring up its feathers. "Angels are warriors, soldiers of God!"
"Wake him up," she said. She seemed steely and determined, but not panicked, and Dean figured he better follow her lead in that too. So he nodded and per Ellen's request, he walked over to the man and upended the bucket over him.
He blinked up into Castiel's eyes, the deep blue of them, and opened his mouth without knowing what to say. "How do we find Lilith now?"
Sam made a sympathetic face at Dean and wandered off to grab something from his car. Dean squared his shoulders and went back into Bobby's kitchen, which still smelled of pie. Dean smelled of smoke and ashes, and he felt very self-conscious when he sat down opposite Bobby, who was staring out of the kitchen window silently.
"Listen to this," Sam said and cleared his throat before he started to read from another paper. "'Members of the SAL, short for 'The Sword and the Arm of the Lord" a Christian organisation with ties to far-right and neo-nazi organisations, has been brought in for questioning regarding the death of a local politician, after he voiced loud concerns about their activities."
Now, the memory made Dean smile around his cigarette. Funny how Sam made friends easy as breathing, while he fought with his family every step of the way. Used to be it was John who got an earful, but now the only one left was Dean.
So, basically, they think they're, um, going to thin out the Devil's armies before that war happens, and also train to be soldiers in that war."
"I could shoot you in the leg," Dean offered. "Won't kill either of you, but it sure as hell would hurt."
When he opened his eyes again, Jo was beaming at him. She sawed through the ropes quickly, and Dean could draw in a deep breath for the first time in ages.
"All quiet on the western front," Dean said with a sigh and set the phone back on the receiver. Bobby had given up a while ago already and was out working his actual day job as a scrapyard owner.
"No home," Dean said and thought about the farmhouse in Kansas left crooked by the harvest machine running in straight lines, before they'd finally taken their leave to go west. "Just woke up out in the fields and started walking."
Ruby pursed her lips but then began the summoning spell, chanting low but steady. Dean felt acutely unprotected, with only a bottle of holy water and a knife between him and, presumably, the Queen of the Crossroads.
"That ain't no riddle," Dean gasped out, breathless under the weight of the creature. The shotgun was pressed right across his chest and gave him no leverage and he'd lost his cap. "That's just shitty poetry."
He was just about to reach out and shake her awake when blue-red lights flashed in his side view mirror. Cursing under his breath, Dean pulled the car to a stop on the roadside. He glanced at his watch and shook his head. What the hell was a cop doing out and about at five a.m.?
That hit a nerve. Zachariah's sneer shuttered into something like anger, and the two angels on his sides also shifted. Poised to attack.
"What– killing Lilith?" Sam said, the hurt and fear naked in his voice. Dean didn't look at him though; he watched the stone floor of the church split open along the lines of Lilith's blood, and bright, white light started to seep through the cracks.
Though he couldn't know, he sensed that Cas burred up his feathers. So maybe he'd ruffled 'em a little.
"Great," Dean said, and Jo nudged him with her elbow. He knew the nudge meant 'we've tried everything, now we need to go bait the ghosts to have a chance of figuring out what's going on'.
"How did you think this was going to go, Dean?" Yellow Eyes teased, sauntering in close. "I mean, did you think I was just going to appear and let you stab me with–" Here he seemed to realize what he was holding, and lifted the knife up to eye height. "–this little toothpick?"
The answer was a rumble from the mountains, of rocks toppling and sliding against each other. Dean had the satisfaction of seeing the condescending smile drop off Henriksen’s face. The boot slipped off Dean’s neck too, and he drew in a breath, gratefully.
Dean decided that protesting that statement would be protesting too much, so instead he said, "How are you feeling?"
"I mean, me," Dean said with a shrug. "But there's this, I dunno, mark on my shoulder? Looks like a handprint. Ruined my Blue Öyster Cult tattoo." He tugged off his flannel shirt and pulled up his t-shirt sleeve and helped guide Pamela's right hand to his shoulder.
"Super," he said and threw his hands up. "Why is this– I mean, is this going to keep coming back to us?"
"This is Robert," Jo said and went back to the bar to refill her bottle of holy water. "He was here when the demons showed up; helped me drive them out."
"Would you get me a bucket of water from the well?" Ellen said and pointed to the little metal pump standing vigil in the backyard to the Roadhouse. Her tone of voice brokered no argument, so Dean obediently hung a bucket off the pump nozzle and filled it up while Ellen disappeared inside the house.
He pressed up against the wall beside the door and nudged it open just a crack. It wasn't locked, but Dean didn't know if that was a good sign or not. A quick glance inside didn't reveal anything either, just empty tables and a well-stocked but abandoned bar.
The receptionist, who had her messy brown hair done up in a bun and enough blue eyeshadow to make her look practically insomniac, blew a large bubble of pink bubblegum between her fuchsia colored lips. Dean flinched when it popped. He played it off by shifting his shoulders under his jacket. These monkey suits always felt too tight.
Without taking his eyes off the road or the foot off the gas pedal, Dean used the back of his hand to wipe at his nose. The demon blade was lying bloody on the passenger seat. He refused to think about the sound of it being pulled out of Sam's body.
Sam picked up the jar containing the woman's heart. "Does it look the same as this?" he said and held out the jar.
He shrugged off Sam's hand and went to the denim jacket he'd left draped over the back of his chair — it still wasn't quite worn in, not like his old one that had been frayed from use in just the right places — and pulled out a pack of cigarettes from the breast pocket. It took him several tries with the lighter before he managed to light his cigarette, and by then Bobby had entered the room.
"I'm sorry, Sam," he muttered as he closed the door against Sam's long legs. "No way am I putting you in harm's way again."
"Alright, well," Dean said and slapped both his hands to the bartop. "Now all we need is to find the bastard."
"I don't either," Dean said, with a panicked little laugh, pushing his knee up to press Cas even closer. "Why don't we try to figure it out, huh?"
Pressed up against the wall beside the door, Dean pushed it open so Sam could enter first. Dean followed him into a narrow corridor, and they split up to cover each end.
As could've been expected, pastor Gideon was to be found inside a quaint little church in the middle of the town. Dean wondered, a little archly, what Castiel would make of it: a church in the middle of a heathen afterlife. There seemed to be a pall over the whole place, but Dean supposed a demon threat would do that to you.
Five years. Fine. And Sam exactly the way he was, and healthy like the dust storms had never happened.
"We have captured a demon who knows Lilith's whereabouts," Uriel continued and set both hands behind his back. Businesslike. "He refuses to tell us. We need you to convince him."
"I don't know about you," Dean said and yawned. "But that really took it out of me. I don't know if angels sleep, but I'm going to get some shut-eye."
"Dean?" Sam said, and he wrapped his legs around his attacker's and heaved with enough force so that he managed to reverse their positions, slamming him to the floor instead.
Dean didn't much want to stick around for the aftermath of the people shaking off the apocalyptic stupor, so he walked over to Sam and reached out a hand to help him to his feet. Sam accepted the help. His hand was slippery with blood, but Dean grabbed his wrist and braced so that Sam could pull himself up.
Some weird sort of homing instinct made him start to walk toward the road, before he'd fully registered there was a road beyond the mass of felled trees. A logging site, his brain supplied, before he realized these trees hadn't been chopped down but rather pulled up, roots and all. When he set foot on the road and looked back, he realized the trees hadn't been pulled either — they'd been blasted down, by an impact centered on where Dean had crawled out of the earth.
"The seals that lock Lucifer in the Cage," Castiel said, patiently. "The demons want to break the Devil out, to bring about the End of Days."
Cas lowered his gaze, to their feet. Dean looked down too, and found their feet to be interlocked, like the teeth of a zipper. "The way I feel for you, Dean– An angel isn't supposed to love like
Dean made a face at him and leaned back. "Well, if you against all odds do feel sleep coming over you, wake me up so I can take watch. Until then, keep a lookout, will you?"
"Sam," he said, for once trying to be heartfelt. "That's the only way out for me. But you, you can still go back to Stanford. Or, hell, do whatever you want. Get a wife and a dog. Somehow, you weren't steeped in this like I was. You got out once, you can do it again."
"We've talked about this, Sam!" Dean said and slammed the book shut. "If I go back on the deal, you die, and I won't let that happen!"
It wasn't fatal, or even deep, but it did make Henriksen drop Dean. And Dean dropped, back down to the sandy earth with which he had become closely acquainted as of late. As fast as he could, Dean tried to crawl away from Henriksen, but he didn't get far before the sole of Henriksen's boot pressed down on the back of his neck. Dean flexed his hands helplessly. He'd dropped the knife, but the shotgun was within reach now.
So Dean was driving with Jo fast asleep in the passenger seat. She'd given him directions on the outset — but not all the way, not even the town name, the goddamn menace still didn't trust him not to dump her on the way and leave her out of the hunt.
He hung up and looked at Dean. His face was the picture of distress. "She says Bill tried to kill her too. She, um, she had to shoot him. Point blank, in the head. The only thing he said was, 'the Devil will return.' Um."
Robert gave him a tight, sad smile. "It's alright," he said and looked ahead. "It wasn't really him anymore."
"I think," Castiel said then, voice measured, "maybe the trials aren't so easy to pick out every time."
The air went out of Dean immediately. He put one hand to the wall for support and the other to his eyes.
"That sounds pretty racist. 'Preserving bloodlines', I'm pretty sure that was a Third Reich talking point," Dean said and pulled the car to a stop in front of the church, which Stan Booker had described for them.
Dean didn't think he could bear to hear what more Cas had to say in a voice like that, so he closed the remaining distance between them and pressed their mouths together in a chaste kiss.
"Oh," was all Dean could muster. "Well, I don't know if you've heard, but there's an Apocalypse on."
Usually, hard work shut out all other thoughts. But this time, Dean was harrowingly aware of the angel staring at him, as if to get the measure of the man he had saved from Hell. Which was the point, perhaps. Dean didn't know how grunt work was supposed to be a trial to redeem his soul, but at least it was honest, which was more than could be said for the rest of his life. Lying, stealing and cheating had been a bedrock of his existence from the moment he set out from Kansas with his little brother in tow, for the golden hills of California.
"So do you, I don't know, drink coffee?" Dean said, when the first rays of the sun poked through the slats of the fence surrounding Bobby's yard. "I could put on a pot, if you like."
Dean smelled the smoke before he saw it. He stilled, staring at the thin, gray column for a moment. It had to be chimney smoke to look like that. Smoke meant people, and people meant danger. But Dean's stomach growled, and there was nothing else to orient after.
Castiel shook his head. "Halfway between the autumn equinox and the winter solstice, the veil between worlds is thin. It's tonight."
The people around him had masked the sound of wings, but Dean recognized the voice immediately. He swung around and grabbed Castiel by the lapel of his stupid trenchcoat and dragged him out of the theater.
he muttered angrily to himself in an unfair imitation of Jo's voice as he stepped off the road to try and find her. "She's going to get a piece of my goddamn mind when I find her."
"Hey, no-one told me they were bad for my health until it was way too late!" Dean said, quietly grateful that that was the one Sam had latched onto.
"The world," Dean muttered. "I don't get it, if we're all already dead, then is Jo really in danger?"
"I can't help you with the second thing, because that's impossible. Death is Death, and death will happen with or without the Apocalypse," Tessa said, with an unimpressed quirk of her eyebrows. "But I can tell you where to find him."
"Maybe not," Sam said with a sigh. He was quiet for a bit, but then he added, with that annoying insight he sometimes had, "But it made a difference for those people in that town. It made a difference for Ellen and Jo."
But as Dean watched, carefully placing himself  in front of Pamela, he sensed something about the man, something that billowed out behind his trenchcoat and superimposed his face. It wasn't just a man, it was something huge, spanning both space and a dimension Dean couldn't comprehend. It wasn't the face of a man, it was three faces at once. Pamela drew in an audible breath and grabbed Dean's arm for support. Maybe she could perceive what Dean only sensed.
He left the rest unsaid, but Dean understood. Dean, who was too acquainted with losing family to monsters, said, "I'm sorry."
"Come on, Sam," Dean said, pushing every bit of pleading he had into his voice. "You can fight this. I know you can."
"Show me your hands and back up," Dean said. Ellison obeyed, reluctantly, and Dean noticed that the book on the altar was closed
Dean let her touch his face with cool fingers. Pamela traced his features with a clinical efficiency, which Dean thought was a shame, because not only was she show-stoppingly gorgeous, she was also very much Dean's type; dressed in an Iron Maiden  tank top and torn jeans. If Dean hadn't been trying to find out if whatever had gotten him out of Hell was going to get buyer's remorse soon, he would've asked her if she had a favorite drink and if she would let him buy one for her.
Sam paused and looked at him, with that painfully earnest expression he had when he was going to say something he really meant.
And Uriel went on in a softer tone. "Brother, please, it's for the best. You know we will win the war."
A no-talking policy probably wasn't going to fly with someone that wasn't his brother, so even though Dean had no idea how to talk around the hurt, the
"And I'm tired of it!" Dean said, balling his hand into a fist. "I'm tired of all of this — hunting monsters, trying to save people, every damn day. I want out! And you know there's only one way out of a hunter's life, and that's feet first!"
"Of course you'd know. Nerd," Dean said and pushed his hands into the pockets of the denim jacket. "Let me tell you, something's going on. But for every real demonic occurrence, there's at least a dozen demon mountains made out of totally mundane molehills."
it was the Second Horseman of the Apocalypse they were going after didn't really make it easier, Dean reflected as he looked out over the diner that was crawling with people gorging themselves on food and, in one gruesome case, each other. They'd seen signs of it all over town; people's appetites exaggerated, made ravenous by a supernatural, apocalyptic presence.
"The very same," the crossroads demon said and walked a little circle around Dean, who had to dig his fingernails into his palms to be able to stand still. "Although I hear
"Game theory!" Ash said. "Dean, why don't you splash us in turn so you can be sure we're on the up and up."
“Cas, what—” Dean said and looked back at him. Castiel, who reached out his hand again, looked pleading.
"Get your fool ass inside, before you freeze it off!" Bobby said gruffly. "We think we got something."
The sigil was relatively simple. A circle, with a harsh, zig-zag slash bisecting it, flanked by a symbol on each side.
"Well, I used to, anyway," Dean said around the cigarette, and shook the match slowly until it extinguished. He dragged in a lungful of smoke. "And I would have a hell of a lot more faith in God if the bastard would show up to help every once in a while."
“Don’t be a smart-aleck,” Dean says, even though Sam can tell he’s grinning. “Just don’t tense up before you take the shot.”
"Sam?" he tried, but the transmission cut off and Dean was left staring at a dead walkie talkie. "Fuck," he said before he turned it off and stuffed it back in the duffelbag and pulled out his gun instead.
was pinging his radar, but no matter how he looked over his shoulder or tried to hear anything that heralded trouble, he couldn't figure out what it was. So with his senses on high alert, he crept up to the front door.
Ellen opened her mouth, but before she could say anything, there was a cry from outside. Not a shout, but a
Too surprised to be scared, he took a step to the side and took her in. She had a neat, black bob and was dressed in a black suit, and before Dean could even say "who the hell are you" she reached out a hand to touch Dean's cheek, and Dean fell to his knees.
Sam made a sympathetic grimace, and Dean had to pull in another shaky breath of smoke. "And the other angel, he– I think he let the demon loose. To make the Apocalypse happen. And Cas killed him too."
He got back to his feet and looked straight at Sam. Sam looked about as unsteady on his feet as Castiel now, but Dean, for the first time in his life, wasn't sure if he wanted to lend him a steadying hand.
And as he walked, one step after the other, Dean tugged up his t-shirt and pressed his palm to the smooth planes of his stomach. Just to make sure he still had a body.
"Don't use your angel powers then," Dean said and stepped out. "They seem to act like a beacon. Besides, all we need is this Colt." He patted the lining of his jeans, where the Colt was pressing reassuringly against his skin
When Leah finally came to, it was surrounded by the rest of them, peering down at her. Dean watched her carefully, how her blonde eyelashes fluttered, and how she sighed when she sat up.
Acutely aware that he was unarmed and barefoot, Dean crouched in the weeds and stalked closer. Soon enough a building came into view: a rickety two-storey thing made out of unpainted wood with a chimney that belched that gray smoke quietly. It plucked at some string of Dean's memory, something familiar about the silhouette that didn't slot into place until he saw the quaint, hand-painted sign above the door that read "The Roadhouse".
They did find them. Or rather, Sam, Jo, and Robert found Dean, Ellen and Ash. To Dean's horror, he saw that Jo's eyes were pitch black, where she stood half a step behind Sam.
He'd always trusted his gut, and didn't see any reason to stop now. Something told him that it was best to listen, and no one except himself seemed to be in immediate danger. Dean slid down in the seat opposite and eyed Death warily.
"A yellow-eyed demon," Sam confirmed, rolling his own, empty glass between his palms. "He paid us a visit, too, but he let us go. I don't think he's going to be easy to trap."
Sam wiped his nose with the back of his hand. "It's just, we're kind of close to, um. Stanford University. They have these sort of, orientations? For juniors and seniors who might be thinking of attending."
Cas' eyelashes fluttered in a blink. The blue of his eyes shone from under them, and the only thing to show the inner tumult he experienced was the deep line between his eyebrows. His lips were slightly parted over the white of his teeth, and Dean had to fight not to look at his mouth, standing this close to each other.
Dean refused to shrink back. He squared his shoulders instead. "Alright, I'll bite. Say that you are what you say you are — why would an angel come looking for me in Hell?"
"Mmm," Dean said and kissed Cas just behind the ear, at the joint of his jaw. "We own the place, we can open late."
He plucked the cigarette from his mouth and watched the smoke curl lazily from the glowing tip. Gun to his head, he couldn't say why Sam's insistence on believing in a higher power rubbed him the wrong way, but it did. No higher power was going to make sure Sam was safe — that was Dean's job.
"Find out what?" Sam interrupted. He raised his eyebrows in a challenge. "That I had a troubled childhood and am a law school drop out with some run-ins with law enforcement? Yeah, that'll totally blow my cover."
“I’m not though!” Dean said, without realizing he was almost yelling. “You keep acting like there’s nothing more important than me getting out of here, but what I don’t get is why! Why me, Cas? Why not Benny? Why not that kid in that town we left behind?” Castiel didn’t flinch. He just kept looking at Dean with his huge, sad eyes, until Dean was the one to look away. His voice caught in his throat. “Why do you care what happens to me?”
He looked terrible; his long, brown hair was lanky and tangled, the bruises under his eyes were so pronounced that they leached color from his eyes in the yellow light from the overhead lamp, but he was sitting upright at Bobby's kitchen table, so that wasn't nothing. He was in a t-shirt and sweatpants, and Bobby had clearly thrown his shirt and pants on over his pajamas. Only Dean was fully dressed, and the Colt lay on the table, a stark reminder of where he'd been and what they had still to do.
"I put her soul to rest," Castiel said, and sounded maybe even a little sorry, if Dean was willing to give him the benefit of doubt. "She never should have been disturbed. It was always going to end violently."
"God, I should never have saved your life," Dean said with a groan and rolled off the surprisingly comfortable bed.
He didn't expect the place to be totally empty though. Dean felt the hair on the back of his neck rise, sensing danger in the eerie calmness of the inside; the only thing moving was the dust settling from the opening of the door. It looked like your typical dive, with the gloomy winter sun shining through the grimy windows and highlighting the liquor bottles lining the shelf behind the bar, and several tables strewn about wherever they fit. Some sixth sense had Dean look to the far end of the room, away from the windows, and he caught sight of the body of a man splayed across a tabletop, completely still.
In the blink of an eye, Dean was back in his body and drew in another, deep breath after experiencing an acute form of claustrophobia, trapped in flesh where he'd previously been free.
When Sam got out of the car to go get fries from a rundown little truckstop, Dean put his Steppenwolf mixtape into the deck and blasted it at full volume, loud enough that Sam, already two paces away from the car, jumped.
It was also strange to see Castiel shrug off whatever reverie he was in, to rustle into something like a military posture when he turned his face to look at Dean.
"There is a war," Castiel said, unforced. "Between Heaven and Hell. We need warriors to stop the battles from breaking out on Earth."
face,” Castiel retorted and put his arm around Dean’s waist. “I wasn’t going to bother to tell you to go on.”
Out here, the night sky was studded with stars so bright Dean felt almost breathless when he craned his neck to look up at them.
What followed was hand-to-hand combat unlike anything Dean had ever witnessed. The two angels moved faster than his eyes could follow, in elegant, sweeping slashes and thrusts, parried or evaded by tightly controlled movements that made the earth tremble.
That made Cas' gaze flicker down, to catch unmistakably on Dean's mouth. To Dean's mortification, it made the blood run hot in his veins and light embers in his stomach. The arm across his throat let up the pressure, but Cas didn't. He stayed pressed against Dean, chest to groin, one hand still fisted in the lapel of Dean's jacket, over the frantic beating of Dean's heart.
Something about this whole thing was making him shiver, in a strange mixture of trepidation and awe. Dean didn't much care for it.
For a moment, everything came to a standstill. The chill of the night air, the hum of the neon sign and the white noise of the highway was a blanket on Dean's senses, until Cas tilted his head just a fraction, and parted his lips. Suddenly, the rushing of Dean's pulse in his ears drowned out every other sound, and his world narrowed down to the point of contact that was the wet heat of Cas' mouth against his
And then Sam opened his eyes and met Dean's. A fraction of a second passed, and Dean saw him shift the grip on the demon knife again.
and not the kind from Oklahoma, but the dirty, sorry, son-of-a-bitch kind. “And I’d like to fill up my car on the way out too, if it’s not too much trouble.”
Dean stands and stares, for a good, long while. Then he drops the flask and bends down to lift up his little brother, like he used to do when Sam had fallen asleep watching the stars when they were kids. Dean bundles Sam's body back into the car, and then gets behind the wheel to drive on.
Gideon didn't seem to take offense. He smiled, a little ruefully, and said, "Not a man of faith, I take it?"
Afterwards, still high on the experience, he'd aimlessly followed the crowd out of the stadium as they dispersed into various pubs and bars and nightclubs to keep the night going. Dean longed for his night to keep going too, wanted to keep this high going for as long as possible, but he needed to be able to drive, to go get Sam. But when his eyes fell on the glowing neon sign of a tattoo parlor, he decided to go in.
"Thank you, ma'am!" Dean said and rubbed his hands together. You never looked a free pie in the mouth. "Just passing by, your mechanic is taking a look at our car, the sheriff warned us that there was something wrong."
Castiel stretched himself up to his full height, and again, Dean could sense his wings unfold behind him, heedless of the house around them.
When Dean reached the river, he didn’t know what made him fall to his knees. The dried out track he’d been following ran out into this river, a meager tributary to the wide vein of water through the landscape, and though it might seem calm, Dean’d bet his life that it was deep and fast-flowing enough to tear you away if you dared to dip a foot in it.
After John dies, and after the land dies, after it all turns to dust, Dean knows they have to move. He doesn’t want to know it, but he does. The night before he can convince Sam of it, Dean walks out to where his parents lie buried. He doesn’t look at John Winchester’s headstone, but turns to Mary’s—already weathered by the winds.
Dean thought of himself as a capable fighter. He didn't fight fair, but that was how you fought when you wanted to walk away from the fight. That said, Dean knew that the best way to fight was to not fight at all. Either make them scared enough to run away, or run away yourself.
"Leah," Gideon said, with what was clearly his fatherly voice. "We cannot kill a man in cold blood."
"Holy shit," Sam said after a moment. Bobby blew out a noisy breath and pulled off his ball cap to run his hand over his head. Dean shrugged and kept smoking his cigarette.
The anger welled up so suddenly, Dean understood the phrase 'blind with rage' for the first time in his life.
It wasn't that he'd expected Cas to be a blushing virgin, but the confidence with which he set out to reduce Dean to a trembling mess was disconcerting.
"Cool your jets, boys," the demon said and held her hands out in a placating manner. The human she was possessing had a square, beautiful face and was dressed in jeans and a fashionable, short jacket.  "It's me, Ruby. Surprise!" She managed to make jazz hands sarcastically. "Sam, c'mon, let's go!"
Getting back into the FBI getup wasn't a bad idea, and with the help of Bobby's forgery kit, making a badge for Cas had been child's play. Childlike was also the look of confusion on Cas' face when Dean had to pull it from his hand and flip it right side up when he showed it to the receptionist at the asylum. Dean had been told "asylum" wasn't the term
"Good of you to show up," Dean said, wiping flecks of ghoul blood off his face, hefting the machete nonchalantly. "You can clean up this entire mess."
Padding over the cold tile to the dirty bathroom behind the counter made something uncomfortable crawl over Dean's spine. Why was it empty? It was the middle of the day. Or at least he thought it was.
Ellen didn't answer him, but she clearly expected him to follow her back to the Roadhouse. So he did, feeling each stone on the sanded pathway under his bare feet.
"They thought that I held sway over you," Cas said. They were standing in a cornfield somewhere — Iowa, Dean assumed, just because it was a cornfield. The wind was rustling the dry stalks. "That because you had touched me, I could touch you in turn, and convince you of the righteous path."
"What kind of medicine do you make here?" he asked and gestured to the vials with the gun. The man flinched. Dean rolled his eyes again and tucked the gun back into his waistline.
"Dean, the politician just dropped dead," Sam said. "They thought it might have been poison, but the tox screen came back clean. He just had a heart attack, within twelve hours of speaking out against this organization. And the same happened to a police officer who apprehended one of their members for theft, and the head of a local
Before Cas could think too long about it — and Dean wanted to distract himself too from the metaphysical implications of what they were about to do — Dean kissed him again.
"Oh, look," one of the demons sneered. "The brothers Winchester have arrived at the scene! Two flies with one stone, right? Who should we start with?"
And Dean looked to Castiel, who, to his surprise, also looked distressed. Distress looked different on him though, carved deep into the straight lines of his features as he looked at Karen's body in Bobby's lap.
"We're not asking for just anything," Sam said, evenly. "We need to find Death. And, um, preferably a way to stop him, from, well, executing the Apocalypse. Pun not intended."
In the abandoned warehouse two and a half miles away, Sam sat up with a gasp and reflexively pressed his hands to his chest. They came away bloody, but there was no wound anymore.
"People like you don't deserve His mercy," Henriksen said and grabbed Dean by the collar of his shirt to pull him up. Dean spat in his face, a gob of blood splattering on Henriksen's cheek. The man didn't flinch.
It was the middle of the day, but when Dean looked past the man that he couldn't quite make out, he could see the entire Milky Way behind him, a bright wound in the sky, painted in stars and purples and deep blues.
Dean grabbed a shovel while he was at it, and stomped his way over to the midsection of the crossroads. His breath formed white clouds in the chilly night air as he put the shovel to the dirt and carved out a hole to throw the box in. He tossed the shovel aside and used his bare hands to smooth the dirt back on top, and then he stood up and waited.
like him in the mirror. Green eyes, freckles over the bridge of his nose that had been broken in a fight when he was fifteen. A mouth that landed him in trouble more often than not; sinful, some people had told him it was, sometimes covetously but never kindly. Hair the color of roadside dirt, cut in the same Ivy League hairstyle he'd had for years.
Bobby said, anguished. "And I know she's not possessed by a demon this time. I think she might just be back. From the dead."
Dean rolled his neck a turn, bent his knees and rubbed his hands together before he grabbed the thorny antlers and pulled at the giant head for all he was worth. The head moved slowly, dragging a red streak across the dirt, until it was as stretched out as Dean could manage. He wiped the sweat off his brow with the back of his hand and grabbed the knife Jo had given him before he went to work, cutting up the hide of the creature, baring the cords of red muscle underneath that had once supported the majestic head. Pulling the skin back took a lot of work, reminding Dean of the time when he, only five years old, had helped his mother haul mats to the river to wash them.
Sam was in no fit state to face down Death. "Fourth time's the charm," Dean said and tucked the old Colt into the holster under his denim jacket instead of his usual gun. Bobby appraised him unhappily.
"That is the way, yes, but it is not how you get out," Castiel said. "You have to endure trials, to prove your soul is worth redemption."
Together, they wrote a note and left it on Sam's bed. It said they were going on a beach trip for a couple of days, and that they'd be back before the week was out. Dean was fairly certain that John would pick up his trail and be on him about an hour after he woke, but chances were that wouldn't be for some time yet, and the important part was that Sam would have time to scope out that university. Dean's job was to lead their dad on a wild goose chase.
something. His legs were aching, but still Dean ran on, until he damn near stumbled across Castiel. His tan overcoat melted into the sandy landscape where he was crouched, a stone’s throw from the drying-up stream.
"Sam did, after he damn near carried me out of that compound. They had this, can you believe it, fake town where they used to pretend to shoot targets. The FBI was very happy with an anonymous tip giving them the excuse to move in."
"Thank you," Castiel said seriously. "You aided me in my fight against Uriel, and you now offer condolences. That's more than I can say for many of my siblings."
"Alright, kiddo," Dean said when he'd walked with Sam to a bus stop and made sure Sam had food and money in his backpack, and a folding motel map of the city in his hands. "I'll lay down a trail for dad to follow, you go have fun. I'll be back tomorrow morning to pick you up, and we can find dad together."
"Would it not have been possible for them to alter history instead, so that the whale species did not go extinct in the first place?" Castiel said seriously.
He breathed in deeply, and the scent of Cas' shirt filled his nostrils. It smelled clean, even after all he'd been through, but with an underlying note of something tangy and electric. Chypre mixed with ozone.
Dean didn't know what to brace for when Castiel reached out a hand and touched his forehead again; he blinked and found himself somewhere else. A warehouse, if he had to guess, with bright light slanting in between boarded up windows. His stomach turned at the strange vertigo the experience produced.
Dean sucked in an unsteady breath. But before he could say anything more, there was the sound of wings that meant the arrival of another angel, and Sam scrambled to his feet.
"Whoa, whoa, Cas!" Dean said and immediately reached out to support him. Castiel leaned his weight against Dean gratefully. "Cas, man, what the hell is going on?"
"No, Bobby," Dean said. His voice felt raw. "I think that's just fine. I mean, if we can't have a pie at the end of this, then what the hell would it all be for?"
At long last, the body was moved out of the way. Dean untied the rope and all but collapsed against the hood of the car, heaving in desperate gulps of air.
"I don't see any blood," Ellen said. She turned, with a brief touch to Dean's arm. "That's good. I've heard about some creatures that capture humans to keep."
But he paused with his hand on the buttons of his shirt. Cas was standing just inside the locked door, watching Dean quietly, and it unnerved him.
Dean emerged, cursing quietly, to find the familiar suit and trenchcoat no more than two feet away. Castiel looked at Dean, and Dean thought he could detect the shadow of a smile when he said, "Do you need me to heal you again?"
Dean closed his eyes for a moment. It didn't matter what some demon thought of him. It didn't matter even if it was true.
"Demon's dead," Sam said. His gaze was losing focus, and Dean desperately grabbed one of his hands. "I'm sorry, Dean."
When Jo went to the registry to dig up information on the couple that died in 1944, Dean went back to the mechanic, to see if he was done.
Famine shook his head. His teeth were bared, but not in a smile. "There's nothing you yearn for, Dean Winchester, because you think there's nothing left for you to yearn for. You feel hopeless. You have no purpose."
Ellen's lips thinned into a line as she held out a jacket for Dean to put on. "This- this is a stop on the way," she said. "No one stays in the Fields forever. You can die here, same as on Earth."
Some instinct in Dean wanted to stop him – if anyone was going to put themselves in harm's way to use that blade to kill the yellow-eyed demon, it was Dean. But at the same time, Dean recognized the single-minded intent in Sam's eyes as he lifted the knife and inspected it carefully. It was the same intent Dean had seen in their dad's eyes growing up. There would be no swaying Sam from this.
Cas might not be an angel anymore, but he wasn't fully human either, and that was maybe why he could sense the air in the kitchen shift; a metaphysical cloud gliding across the morning sun shining in through the window.
And with that, Castiel disappeared with a sweep of his invisible wings, and Dean was left staring out at nothing.
Dean had forgotten all about the still body he'd clocked on his way in. And so he had a nice little heart attack about it when, at the far end of the room, someone sat up with a drunken snort. The blood rushed in Dean's ears as he willed the flood of adrenaline to recede.
They walked back to the church, exhausted and ashen, as the sun came up over the horizon, too large and too bright. Jane's sobbing died out and turned into harsh, hacking breaths, while Rob stayed eerily silent the whole way.
The space outside the bunker where Sam weathered his unnatural withdrawal symptoms was ten and a half steps from staircase to door, and then four steps across. When Dean heard a noise from inside the warded and padded bunker — a shout or a crash or a whimper — he would pause mid-step even though there was absolutely nothing he could do.
reads the worn sign above the screen door. Out front there are two gasoline pumps, and Dean eyes the fuel gauge.
"They said something about sacrifice," Jo said. She was putting on a brave face, Dean would bet, but her voice wavered a little.
The person, a man, though try as he might, Dean couldn't quite make out the face, shook his head. "I'm no reaper, Dean," he said with a deep voice.
Habit makes Dean track the way they drive. He hopes the man would have the courtesy of driving him back, but you never know with these things. Dean knows he’ll never get what he wants. A family, a place to call home, someone who will care for him no matter what. This is good enough.
"I can't argue with you there, Sam." Regretfully, Dean drained his beer bottle in one sweep. He burped and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand before he said, "But I still don't think it's an angel."
Dean shook his head once, ruefully. More of a neck stretch, really. "Yeah, okay," he said. "It's not like I'm saying we
And just like that, the last four years melted away, and Sam was back on the trail of vengeance that had marked their entire childhood.
Dean stormed out. It was stupid, of course. Cas could find him anywhere. And Cas did find him after just a couple minutes, appearing outside the house where Dean was wearing grooves in the patch of dirt that passed for Bobby's backyard.
After that was done, Dean had to walk back to the car, bringing the saw with him to put it away in the toolbox. He grabbed a rolled-up length of rope and hitched it on his shoulder before he groped for the pack of rations Mrs Moseley had given him and unearthed a flask of water. He gulped down a few mouthfuls of it before he emptied the rest over his head.
"Where are they now?" Dean asked softly. Seeing someone you loved possessed by a demon would do a number on you for sure, and Jo looked about as shaken as you would expect.
Castiel didn't move. The stillness was unnatural, deliberate, and Dean blinked. That was certainly news to
"They took me to Heaven. Vessel and all," Cas said and held out his hands as if to say 'look at me'. "They explained to me how I've grown too attached to the human under my protection. Too emotional."
Cas’ strokes had turned into teasing whispers of fingertips over Dean’s searing flesh. He’d managed to shove Dean’s pants and boxers down and was tracing the seam of Dean’s leg, drawing goosebumps down his thighs. He’d never considered his hips and thighs to be an erogenous zone but the light touches made his cock jerk, precum bubbling from the head. Cas gripped him again, using his palm to gather the liquid and stroke it down his shaft, pulling a hum from Dean as he began a steady rhythm that caused Dean to rock his hips into Cas’ hand. Dean was slowly losing the battle with incoherence. It was now or never.
When his eyes sunk closed, he was running through the stacks, swiping fireflies out of his face as he broke for the porch. Skidding into the kitchen, he saw a giant stockpot bubbling away, one of the great tall ones used to boil lobsters, and he grit his teeth, grabbing both handles to lift it from the flames. He managed to scoot it to another burner with some effort, fingers trembling as he flicked the burner off.
Dean turned and found Winston standing next to the waitress who glanced between the two, apprehension marring her brow for a split second before she smiled up at Winston. Dean fought the roll of his eyes but smiled prettily at Winston and then the waitress.
“Whaddaya say, fellas?” Dean looked up at the balloon then over his shoulder at the sleeping cat. “British Bake-Off?”
fuck anybody before I get back.” Castiel thought he heard him mutter something about “stupid fucking rules.”
“Would you stop?” Dean asked from where he was sprawled across his bed, and Sam glared at him, pausing in his packing.
Dean picked up his bottle and took a long drink, eyes never leaving the dark-haired man standing across from him. Castiel’s amusement made him anxious, mixing with his distrust to strike a concordant note in his stomach. Castiel lifted the strainer from the mug and let it drip a bit before setting it gently in the sink. Dean could feel his own heart thudding hard in his chest, holding Castiel’s gaze but distracted by the harmonizing heartbeat that could only have been Castiel’s. Castiel’s eyes narrowed just slightly as he drained the mug in a single go, still staring into Dean’s suspicious green eyes.
“Yeah well, the mind palace is outta commission for a bit,” Dean grumbled, looking down at his shoes and sneaking a peek between Castiel’s legs as he lowered his eyes. Was he hard? Dean felt himself twitch interestedly but that ghost of a scream flared in the back of his mind, like being doused in ice.
The waitress was beside them before Dean had a chance to tear his eyes away, catching on Sam’s as he turned his head and the look on his sister’s face let him know that they’d done that thing again where they stared at each other like the rest of the world didn’t exist. It sounded a lot more chick-flicky than it actually was, Dean told himself regularly. They’re best friends after all. The waitress’ eyes were on Castiel, who nodded his head at Dean. She gave Dean a strained smile.
“I know!” Sam’s large hands landed on Dean’s biceps and for a moment Dean could almost feel the touch. “Find Rowena. Request the inquiry.” Dean found himself turning abruptly before receiving a sharp shove between his shoulder blades.
“Forgot? Lucky you.” Dean took a stuttered step forward but halted when Castiel didn’t move, stopping short of bumping into him. Dean didn’t want to see what body to body contact did if it could make awkward Becky Rosen feral enough to fuck on Dean’s desk.
Then just like that, it was over and Dean found himself flat on his butt, panting as energy buzzed through his veins. Castiel was leaning forward now, blue eyes wide. “Dean.”
Up in the apartment, Dean herded Castiel over to the easy chair and stripped him of his trench and suit coats, forcing him to sit. Dean draped a heavy blanket around his shoulders before he crouched in front of Castiel, looking into his eyes What Dean found there was hard and cold, Castiel’s usual mirth nowhere in sight. Dean placed a gentle hand on Castiel’s knee.
Dean felt the tension right away as if something were being wrenched from his throat, like the time he’d been intubated after the car crash that killed his father. The words seemed to fling themselves at the window of his mind, going
Becky’s arms had curled against her chest, hands tangled together as she nodded, lowering her head in shame. Dean sighed, resting a hand on her shoulder before he pressed a reassuring kiss to her forehead and turned toward the office again.
“So romantic,” Castiel teased, his nose nuzzling against Dean’s. He was just about to lean in for a kiss when Dean pulled back, head turning towards the darkening screen.
“I didn’t underestimate the mage; I overestimated you.” Zachariah spat his body attempting to lean forward but the boundary kept him where he stood. “I should have known. You came off the line with a crack in your chassis. You have never done what you were told.”
he just needs a mentor.” Rowena’s eyes returned to Dean, a Cheshire grin pulling at her lips as her aura began to bleed pink. “A seasoned witch to guide him.”
“You’re a… a…” Dean struggled, trying not to let his eyes wander down Castiel’s body. He couldn’t see much because of the ill-fitting suit and trench coat, but Dean had a pretty good imagination.
The balloon trailed him, tugged along still attached to his wrist as he approached the chilled pane squinting out at the salvage yard. The waxing moon lit on rusted metal, casting long shadows. Dean didn’t like the sense of unease in his gut.
“Wanna clue me in on what the hell is happening here?” Dean said after a moment, using his finger to indicate the space between them.
Dean snapped his fingers, noting he’d singed a hole in the arm of the chair. The unicorn balloon hovered over the couch, cartoon eyes fixed out the front window. He could feel a tickle at the back of his neck and reached up to rub it as the balloon drifted sideways, now facing him. Dean pressed his lips together tight.
I have to finish my DWBB fic so this one is going in a drawer for the weekend but I should know after I start working on the next chapter.
“It’s all right,” Castiel raised his voice over the grumbling that followed, standing from his chair to step around the table.
Dean’s mouth popped open as Castiel took the mug from his hand and brought it to his face, careful of the handle to the strainer. His eyes didn’t leave Dean’s as he inhaled. Dean swallowed hard, thinking of his garden, and started at the first row in the east corner with the plant’s common name, followed by the Latin name and its magical properties. Castiel’s eyes twinkled, puckering his lips against the edge of the mug, only giving the slightest hesitation before taking a small sip.
Dean looked up at his brother…sister? with wide eyes, the elated pep in her voice taking him back to being 16 and giving girls rides to the mall for quick make-out sessions in the backseat of the Impala. Sam’s face fell immediately after, and Dean realized it’d been sarcasm. Dean reached up to ruffle his hair, the thick strands hanging down to his shoulders in a sandy blond sheaf. He shook his head back and forth, feeling it brush against his neck.
clouding his thoughts. Dean very carefully poured water into the mug, grabbing a scoopful of the loose herbs in the strainer and dunking it in.
Cas’ chuckle huffed against Dean’s lips and Dean was suddenly desperate to kiss him but forced himself to wait. Dean remembered how one taste of Castiel sent him into a frenzy of hormones that left no room for coherent thought. If Dean was going to gain the upper hand, so to speak, he needed to avoid being dosed for as long as possible.
considered the yang to their Casters’ ying. As such, it’s relatively easy for me to absorb a burst of your power and reverse it.”
Dean gave a short nod before he jerked his head, an order for Castiel to follow him. Dean kept his body between Castiel’s and Becky’s as they passed, but both had their heads down. They were able to get through the garage and outside without incident, then up the back stairs to Dean’s apartment.
“Come on, Sammy.” Dean gripped her hand and dragged her off her barstool, Cas following behind them as they made their way to the dance floor.
“You always said if I didn’t get my shit together I’d kill someone.” Dean shoved his hands in his pockets, scuffed the toe of his boot against the polished concrete floor. “Looks like you were right.”
“No such thing.” Dean swallowed hard when Castiel’s gaze intensified as he held up a hand, palm facing Dean. Without thinking Dean lifted his own, and Castiel lined up their fingers and palms. Something pulsed deep in Dean, and it was like being ripped under by a swift current. Visions flashed in front of him. White rooms and clean sheets. A woman at a work table with seeds in her hair and soot on one cheekbone. A group of children on a playground and a sense of loneliness so palpable he nearly choked. It was Castiel’s memories, or some of them anyway. Dean immediately jerked back.
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean groaned, pressing his needy erection against the back of Castiel’s thigh as his other hand reached between Castiel’s legs.
Dean reared back and punched Castiel solidly in the mouth, hissing and shaking out his fist as the other man stumbled but remained upright. Castiel’s hand lifted to press tentatively to his cheek as he looked at Dean, a trickle of blood at the corner of his mouth.
Dean didn’t say anything, kept his forehead pressed to the soft skin of Castiel’s chest. He gave a non-committal hum. Castiel’s hand rested on Dean’s shoulder, warmth sinking in and making Dean curl closer to him. Castiel pressed his face into Dean’s hair and sighed, the warmth of his breath making goosebumps skitter down Dean’s spine.
Castiel rubbed his face hard then rested his elbows on his knees, keeping his head in his hands. “It’s tactic of Heaven. An angel breaks rank they send them for reprogramming.”
“‘ey.” Dean reached out, the back of his hand thunking hard on Winston’s bicep, and Winston turned, looking down at where he’d been hit and then at Dean’s face, amusement painting his features. “Thanks for the drink, but we’re trying to catch up here. You understand,” Dean smiled prettily again, and Winston’s eyes turned flat, chin jutting out in defiance.
Cas accommodated by sprawling onto his back, tucking one arm under his head as his other elbow planted on the pillow to allow his hand to comb through Dean’s hair. Dean blinked up at him.
Dean dumped his breakfast onto a waiting plate. “Look, thanks for the offer, but I’m a little old for Hogwarts. Tell the Assembly whatever you want but leave me out of it.”
"Fix your eyes." Dean's voice was a low rumble and Castiel winced, eyes closing as his face screwed up in discomfort but when they opened, crystal blue stared back.
Dean raised his own chin, green eyes sparking, and he waited for the look of fear to flit across the other man’s face. Instead, Winston gave him a strained smile. His palmed tapped the tabletop as he made eye contact with everyone seated there. “Nice meeting you. Especially you.” He cocked a finger gun at Dean, who grinned, shooting one right back at him, held it until Winston was out of earshot before sagging as if his strings had been cut.
“Let 'em stare.” Dean’s hand went to Castiel’s cheek, thumbing at the corner of Castiel’s mouth and Castiel looked back at him, his stomach bottoming out at the low fire smoldering there. “You’re all I’m lookin’ at.”
“‘ow do I get ‘er to stop screamin’?” Dean’s eyes were closed now but Castiel could see the anguish in his features, full lips pouted, a line drawn between his brow. “I’s jus’ an echo…bu’ I can’ fin’ ‘er.” Dean’s voice was growing softer as his muscles began to loosen. “‘m sorry.”
The Sorcerers’ hands were on them then, tugging them out of the chamber and the smell of sulfur filled Dean’s nose, drool pooling in his mouth like he might be sick. One of the sorcerers let out a yelp, holding nothing but a suit jacket, whereas a moment ago, he had Castiel’s arm. They all looked down as a black cat hopped out of the pile of clothing before winding itself around Dean’s ankles. He felt immediately less tense. Until he sneezed.
“You okay?” Castiel whispered after a moment and received only a grunt in reply which only made him laugh harder.
They stayed that way for a moment, Dean feeling Castiel’s eyes boring into the side of his face. Dean shifted again, feeling the chafe of cotton against his erection, precum slipping into his belly button as the air around them became thick with lust. He couldn’t help but reach down, slipping the band down so that it pressed tight under his balls, the coolness of the sheet against his heated skin making him shiver.
Becky was hoisted up on the desk; legs wrapped tight around some guy’s waist as she moaned into his neck, hands clawing at his muscled back. The guy was railing her pretty good, pants around his ankles, naked ass only covered by the panties that dangled from one of Becky’s feet.
“Hello, gorgeous,” Dean shivered, feeling hot breath on his ear and a large palm press against his lower back.
Dean huffed, chewing on his bottom lip as he gave an experimental clench and Castiel’s fingers bit into his skin hard enough to bruise. It was just enough of a distraction for Dean to press the rest of the way down, jolting a soft cry from his own throat as Castiel’s head fell back with a low moan. Dean wasn’t aware of the soft mewling sounds he was making, shifting and maneuvering against Castiel’s lap, the cock inside him pressing against every pleasure center he seemed to have. Dean’s dick was rock hard between them and in an effort to get some friction he pulled Castiel closer, rocking into him as his arms tightened and his chin tucked over Castiel’s shoulder.
Dean reached up to knuckle at his eyes, holding out a hand and a wrench zipped from the top of the toolbox to his palm. “Man, this is so fucked up.”
“Admittedly, not much.” Castiel blinked at him, eyes hard. “But I managed to make it this far without taking a Sovereign, so trust me when I say, whatever they’re planning? The angels? It’s big. And you need to be ready for it.”
Castiel grabbed Dean's face with his free hand, pulling him into a brutal kiss that Dean whimpered through, hissing and moaning as his release continued to pulse through him. Castiel marveled at it kissing Dean’s face over and over until finally, it subsided, Dean’s face relaxing as his muscles gave out, body pressing Castiel’s into the mattress. Castiel chuckled, threading his fingers into the hair on the back of Dean’s head, pressing kisses to every part of Dean’s face he could reach.
“Dean,” Castiel’s hand fell on his shoulder, and despite the layer of fabric between them, Dean felt the touch like it was a live wire. Warmth flooded him, and he was overwhelmed by images of skin and hands. Then it was gone, replaced by a soft. “Sorry. “
“Vene-whos-it?” Dean glared over his shoulder, finding Castiel with his hands folded on the countertop, face set in mild determination.
When Dean woke the next morning he found himself in his own bed, jeans and belt removed and curled up under the covers. His alarm read 5:11 am. The hearing was at 8. Dean shifted and his foot collided with something warm and hairy, a man’s leg. Dean rolled his eyes as he turned over and found Castiel on his stomach, the smooth expanse of his shoulder blades visible outside the covers, his face turned away towards the bathroom door. Dean laid there for a moment in the pre-dawn quiet, watching the steady rise and fall of Cas’ back, counting the constellation of freckles that dusted his skin.
“In your mind. You’re there but you’re not. It’s strange,” Castiel frowned, eyes opening as he looked up at Dean. “Unnerving.” Cas’ eyes swept over his frame thoughtfully.
Castiel leaned into the touch even as Dean took it away. “I still have a headache. But I can’t tell if it’s from the reprogramming or-“
The visitor remained silent, eyes searching Dean’s, and Dean could feel something pass through his mind like a specter, but it was gone before he could put up any real form of defense. The stranger crossed his arms and brought a finger to his full bottom lip, regarding Dean curiously.
“My offer still stands.” The demon’s eyes flicked to black when Dean tipped his chin up at the creature. “Haven’t touched that rack since you left, Dean. About time it was put back to good use.”
Dean regretted his word choice immediately, watching Castiel’s eyes darken, a smirk gracing the man’s full lips. “Well, since I am under the influence of some sort of truth elixir… peppermint, ginger and…” Castiel licked his lips, and Dean
“Yes, but it’s on his tab.” Dean jutted a thumb at Castiel, and Winston’s lecherous gaze turned sour as his eyes fell on Cas, who merely looked back, impassive as always. “Sorry bud, gotta spend some time with those that brung me. You understand.”
Dean’s thighs were trembling, from adrenaline and the strain of holding himself over Cas. Large hands slid down Dean’s back and settled on his hips, giving a gentle squeeze as Castiel helped guide him down. Dean felt as if he were being split in two, stuffed full and he wanted nothing more than to drop his hips down and take everything Cas had but the grip on his hips was firm. Dean’s arms tightened around Castiel’s neck.
Dean pulled back panting, green eyes translucent in the early morning light. He reached between them, fingers trailing down Castiel’s balls making him shiver. Castiel grabbed the pillow next to him and lifted his hips, attempting to shove it under him and Dean gave an appreciative hum as he guided his dick forward.
Before Dean could even comprehend what was happening he was whirled around, shuffling with his pants around his ankles as Cas slotted in front of him, bending over the vanity. Their eyes met in the mirror and Dean swallowed hard, hips canting forward of their own accord.
“Fuck yes, baby.” Dean whimpered, his rhythm faltering for a moment before resuming full force, wincing with each clench of Castiel’s ass.
“I have no idea, but I assume you’re going to tell me.” Dean bent over, resting his elbows on the counter and propped his chin on his hand, giving Castiel a smarmy smile. The Familiar returned it.
Dean’s eyes landed on Cas, who was lounging on his bed as if it were his own, naked body clearly on display. Dean’s mouth went dry as he took in the expanse of his skin, milk-white in the dark. Cas smirked, and Dean looked up and away.
Dean didn’t know how much time had passed, but he came to consciousness suddenly, a deep gasp tearing from his throat, his eyes wide as he stared into the shadowed dark. His breath came out in a cloud, and he gave a hard shiver as a gust of wind moved through his hair, but that was impossible. He was sitting on the floor near the foot of his bed, the threadbare rug under one palm while he struggled to hook his elbow onto his knee as he sat up. He was looking out over the dirt lot that butted up to the parking lot of the garage where he kept the project cars - junkers he or someone else might want to fix up someday. The scattered treetops beyond the fence surrounding it were now devoid of leaves and loose branches, the clear night sky stretching above in an infinity of stars. The entire wall and half the roof was gone.
The low rumble of Castiel’s voice brought Dean back to some semblance of coherency. He shook his head and pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes. “What are you
“Shhh… shhh.” Dean admonished, burying his face in Castiel’s neck and Castiel complied until Dean was soft enough to slip out, rocking the other man with a full-body shiver. “Fuck.”
Dean scowled. “Fuck you. It’s because you’re a sex demon. I can’t control it. Just like poor Becky down there. Jesus.” Dean rubbed a hand over his face. “Kid needed to get laid but not like
“Wait!” Dean shouted, panic washing over him in a cold rush as he felt the wet tip of Castiel’s dick prodding at his loosened hole. “No preamble just shove it in? Don’t we need lube?”
“Jack, go let the delivery guy in.” Dean gestured over his shoulder, still looking at his hands, then glanced up when Jack didn’t move. The subtle color around his head was shifting from goldenrod to a muddy purple, but Dean didn’t need to read his aura to know the young man was confused. His face showed that plainly.
Castiel’s hand grasped Dean’s wrist, holding it tightly, and Dean felt his mouth fill with saliva, suddenly desperate to taste him. His attempt to wiggle closer was halted by Cas laying his other hand on Dean’s shoulder.
The hand that had been under Dean’s pillow slithered out and pressed clumsily over Castiel’s heart. “Thanks, Cas.”
“So, I’ve been told.” Dean gave a demure shrug, seeing the bartender approaching out of the corner of his eyes. “Oh, hey. Can I get a draft when you get the chance? 20 ounce is good.”
Sam snorted. “Oh you’re terrifying as always, sis. It just inspires a completely different reaction.”
“I know Sam said it was a Wendigo, but I confirmed that it's been two years since a hiker has gone missing or turned up mauled to death. There’s probably one here but it struck two years ago. It’s probably hibernating now.”
That afternoon, Dean was elbow deep in the engine of an old Ford pickup when he felt a tickle at the base of his throat. He cleared it, giving a soft cough before focusing again, but soon his nose began to burn, and he fought the urge to rub at it with his grease-stained hands. When his eyes began to sting, he stretched to eyeball the cap on the coolant, but it was still twisted on. Movement out of the corner of his eye made him look up.
anything!” Castiel snapped back, though his body jerked backward as if by an unseen hand, putting more space between them.
“Well, if you insist,” Castiel mumbled, his mouth opening against the knob at the top of Dean’s spine and the second his tongue dotted Dean’s skin, Dean’s back arched, his ass canting up so that Castiel’s hips were cradled against him.
Dean gave his own shiver at the title, feeling something warm just under his sternum. Castiel lifted a hand and pressed it directly over the spot, blue eyes steady and sure. Dean’s jaw clenched as he swallowed hard and lowered himself back down onto his side, one arm tucked under his pillow while the other curled against his own chest. Castiel shifted so his position mirrored Dean’s and without a moment’s hesitation he grabbed Dean’s hand, threaded their fingers together, and pulled it so the back of Dean’s hand rested against Castiel’s sternum. Dean’s eyelids fluttered.
Sam huffed, looking away, lips pressed into a thin line before he shook his head, tonguing at his back molar. “Yeah. Well, me saying yes was the only way to get
Dean flailed, falling over onto his hip and winced as his breasts swung freely, their weight tugging at the skin where they were attached. He looked up for the source of the high, clear voice and found who he assumed to be Sam, not nearly as tall as he was when he was a man but a good 6 feet still. His hair hung in chestnut waves down over his shoulders, reaching his rib cage, and even under the now baggy t-shirt he wore, Dean was happy to see that Sam had ended up with smaller boobs.
“Alright.” Castiel was already slipping off his barstool, sucking down the last of his beer. Sam looked up at him, startled, a bright laugh escaping her mouth.
Rowena gave him an exasperated look, her aura flashing a warning. “Your crimes against their species and the murder of their brother.”
Dean snorted in derision. “Well, you’re doing something because-“Dean didn’t finish, just gestured to the visible lump in the front of his jumpsuit. “And I’m straight as a fucking arrow, my friend.”
The cat gave a trill, hopping into action and trotting down the narrow lane between the flames, tail bobbing. Without another thought, Dean followed.
Dean went about making his breakfast, throwing bacon in a pan and sliding toast into the toaster as he sipped at his mug; overly sweet, but that was how he liked it. He’d had “Kashmir” stuck in his head for days and hummed it with gusto as he cracked eggs, dropping the yolks among the bacon grease turning the whites a dirty brown as they cooked.
“Oh fuck,” Castiel bit at the pillow Dean’s hand jerking him with the same rhythm he was using to spear him with his fingers. “Dean… yes…”
“Nora taught me. I’m not very good.” Castiel gave an unaffected shrug, and Dean found himself grinning.
“Dean,” Castiel rubbed his eye again, his voice pleading. “It’s 7:30 in the morning. On my day off.”
It wasn’t enough. Dean needed more, panting as he leaned back and planted one hand on Cas’ knee, his other holding onto Cas’ shoulder for leverage. The resulting shout of pleasure when he rolled his hips had Castiel’s hands back on his hips, guiding him into a rough quick rhythm that was ratcheting Dean higher with every thrust. When Castiel's hand closed around his dick, Dean threw his head back, a wail tearing from his throat as he pushed himself to bounce harder. A slight shift of his weight and Cas was ramming into that spot that made Dean’s brain damn near explode. Dean’s eyes flew open, mouth open on a silent scream and he was coming all over Cas’ hand and stomach.
“The…” Dean huffed a sigh before waving his hands and snatched up his plate, shoveling eggs in his mouth.
of ignition echoed inside Dean’s head as his eyes opened back in his bedroom, focused on the window though he could see the two assailants in his peripheral in the microsecond before the pulse. Dean wasn’t sure if there was actually a sound, but the pressure alone punctured both his eardrums, and the ringing inside his head was so loud, the burst of light so bright he could only close his eyes against it and hope that whatever damage he did would kill him before he had to clean up the mess.
Dean blinked forward, reaching under the strap of his dress to itch at where the strap of his bra was digging into his shoulder. “I’m sorry I needed to calm down? I gave him very clear signals that I was
“Ah, surely a distinct difference,” Dean rolled his eyes and Castiel nudged him with his shoulder. “Hey don’t spill my chocolate.”
Sam’s bitch face as a female had a certain allure, his lips puckering in displeasure. It was kind of cute. Dean grinned at him.
Castiel’s low chuckle was dark with lust, hooking his arms under Dean’s to haul him up so that he was kneeling over Castiel’s straining cock. Dean could feel the tip pressing just behind his balls, so close to slipping in and he swallowed hard, shifting over him.
A smile threatened at the corners of the stranger’s lips. “Perhaps… Though I was referring to your apothecary services.”
The low voice made everyone’s head turn in the opposite direction where at the other end of the dais in another seat lower than the rest sat - Dean blinked startled - the man from his shop.
It was definitely Cas. Dean somehow just knew that despite the change in appearance, he could sense it somehow in the same way he could anticipate arrivals, see auras, and sense trouble before it began. He was suddenly very tired, body sagging as if his muscles were made of stone. He didn’t bother getting to his feet, probably couldn’t if he’d tried but managed to scoop up the cat and cradle it in his elbow against his chest as he knee-walked over to the bed.
Dean had always thought this would be weird, and maybe it would have been with anyone else. But Cas was different, had been different from the beginning and maybe the bond they shared went a little beyond magic theory and casting. Dean shivered hard, remembering the way Castiel’s eyes had glowed the first time he’d said
"Don't split hairs," Zachariah snarled. He made a cutting motion, and the other two angels advanced to grab Castiel by the arms.
Behind them, a crash. Dean jumped to his feet, and Bobby and Sam both rushed to Karen's side where she had collapsed in convulsions.
"I'm going to find God," Castiel said, like it was self-evident. "For too long I have trusted the word of his emissaries, but no longer."
Dean opened his mouth as if to say something, but closed it again. He was frowning, but his gaze was steady as he looked Sam in the eye, as if measuring something.
"Dean, no!" Jo shouted, but Sam grabbed her and held her back. A look passed between the brothers. A light had gone up for Sam too.
She had made her way back to his front and reached out a hand to trail a perfectly manicured fingernail just below the cut on Dean's cheek. He felt his eye twitch at the contact.
He fell to his knees beside Castiel. "What happened?" Dean said quietly, hand hovering, afraid to touch the twisted form of his friend. He glanced at Castiel, who met his eyes and made an understated grimace.
"Because you're the only one here who walked with an angel, sonny," Bobby said firmly. "What did he say to you, anyway?"
In his life, Sam had been pushed by ghosts, almost choked to death by poltergeists and had a wraith bury its claw in his neck, but nothing had prepared him for the bone-chilling dread of being immobilized and watching a shape walk closer in an unhurried saunter. The  moonlight cast the shape in an eerie glow, and Sam drew in a sharp breath when the man's eyes flashed yellow.
The demon is clearly taken aback, but she does her best to cover it up. She walks a circle around Dean, who stands his ground, even if a muscle ticks in his jaw at the inspection.
The smile on Henriksen's face widened. "Funny," he said. "I would've told you the same, except I very much want to hurt your vampire friend who you think is going to sneak around."
It’s freeing, certainly. Even if he’s in a small town to work, Dean is free to saunter into a joint of evident ill repute, one that clearly had served moonshine even back when it was liable to put you in jail, and slide in by the bar and ask for a whiskey and to keep them coming. There’s something to hunt in these parts, if all the bloody deaths are something to go by. Every full moon, someone from this town goes missing, and it was only last month they found one of them. Their heart was missing, so Dean knows it’s a werewolf; knew to slip a silver pocket knife into his pocket before he went out.
When they were safely in the Impala and driving away from the carnage, Sam said, "That felt–" and broke off.
"It's quite early on the West Coast," Cas said, mildly, and traced a mindless pattern on Dean's chest with his thumb.
“Shame we lost that walking staff,” Dean said, after they had to pause once more. Dean was leaning on Castiel because of his ankle, but Castiel was exhausted and leaned just as much on Dean. “Jesus, I don’t even know why we’re going this way.”
Dean said and went to cross his arms before he realized he was wearing gloves that had touched dead bodies. "Why don't you try it, if you think that's going to work?"
"Like I said, he's on the radio a lot," Dean said, defensively. "C'mon, it's not like I've bought the vinyl or anything."
As they followed some innate sense of direction Cas possessed and traversed the building that was oddly devoid of people, Dean tried to puzzle out what it was for — something between an office and a hospital, he thought, seeing equipment through the windows in the doors they passed. The lack of people, though eerie, wasn't surprising, given that it was the middle of the night.
And so they'd turned to the person they knew who could put them in touch with other hunters: Bobby Singer.
When the man finally pulls the car to a stop, Dean looks over at him and inches his own hand closer, wondering who will bridge the distance first. What Dean sees are eyes flashing yellow, and it takes him a second too long to put two and two together.
“Cas?” It’s a broken whisper, and Dean can’t tell if Sam’s talking to the real Castiel or the one in his head. The one that’s going to come and save him from everything that’s happening.
Sam hisses, half angry and half pleading. “Don’t, you promised. I said yes and you promised you’d stop, please.”
There’s a ringing noise and Sam screams as light floods the twilit grove, outlining Castiel in pure blue white — Sam’s legs bent up, Cas thrusting quick and deep, supporting himself with one hand and the other arm moving in Sam’s chest to touch his soul. Fixing him. Raping him.
Dean looks up through his lashes and licks his lips, the ones half the men across the country have told him were made for this, leaving them parted ever so slightly in invitation. His skin is heating up, shame at having to do this mixing with adrenaline, but he can pass it off as desire. Desire that Castiel is very evidently feeling; Dean can see the line of his cock slowly filling out inside his slacks.
He can hear Sam in the distance and it hurts to stay in place but he has to see this through. He’ll give Castiel what he wants, and then they can fix this. He has to believe that they can fix this, that he can make Castiel believe he’s sorry for disobeying and for all the choices that led them to this place. That Castiel will forgive them and he’ll be able to help Sam.
“What do you want, Cas?” The words are quiet and angry, and bitter because damnit this wasn’t supposed to happen. Not like this, not because Cas thought he was alone. And somehow Dean had still assumed, like a fucking moron, that any consequences would land on his own head, not on Sam’s. “What do I need to do?”
The darkness parts like a curtain and Dean finds himself in a large space, open with sunlight and warm wood and living greenery and flowers. There’s a dais on the far end of the hall, and a plain white throne where Castiel sits watching. His face is in shadow, unreadable from where Dean stands.
Standing is a challenge; his limbs are floppy and his head is still spinning, but he manages it. And then Cas is right there in his space, nuzzling along Dean’s neck with a sign, one hand curling along his hip as the other traces along his stomach. It’s too easy to lean into him, rest his head on Castiel’s shoulder and bring his hands up to steady himself. Castiel slides his hand down to stroke Dean through his jeans. He gasps silently and his knees almost buckle — he’s achingly hard and Castiel is moving feather light, teasing.
And that’s it. He won’t answer in more than a few words, he won’t look at Dean, he… he just sits there like a puppet with its strings burnt away. Watching airy nothing and flinching at unreality and too tired to care.
“Stop.” Dean’s voice is even, flat. He pushes himself out of the dirt and plant material, fingers wrapping around a shard of pottery. “Get your hands off of him, Cas.”
“Good.” Castiel moves his hand, rubbing in small circles over the head of Dean’s cock, and somewhere in the middle Dean’s clothes are gone. Fingers wrap around the length of his shaft and stroke from root to tip, spreading leaking precome as they move. “This is your only chance, Dean. Be obedient. If you refuse me…”
The dark nights are broken by desperate Latin prayers, banishing demons and begging for God to cleanse him and forgive him. Or by Sam raining down unbridled fury with kicks and blows meant to kill.
The gardens belong to a massive sandstone house that Dean can’t get into; iron bound oak doors taller than his head stand firmly locked, the windows are pitch black and shatterproof, and the longer he stands in the shadow of the building the more uneasy he feels. He’s not meant to go inside. There’s nothing else that offers decent shelter on the grounds — benches covered by dripping wisteria and gazebos twined with clematis and rose, dozens of nooks and crannies that would be perfect for a tryst if you’re into plants, but nowhere to get out of the rain.
. Something reaches out and grabs at him, and if there’s one thing he’s learned from porn it’s that you don’t let the tentacle plants get ahold of you. He jerks backwards and falls back into friendlier brambles, and ends up watching his shoe be torn apart by an overzealous vine with inch long thorns.
“You’re God. Okay.” Well this is going splendidly. “You don’t need to… Just let us go, okay? Let me take Sam and leave, and I swear we won’t get in your way.” There’s no reaction. “This isn’t what you wanted. You promised you’d fix him, remember? After you won, you said things would go back to normal. You don’t have to—”
There’s nothing behind Castiel’s eyes but the weight of that gaze is impossible to escape, and Dean can’t breathe. “Say thank you, Dean.”
Dean’s musings are interrupted by a distant shout. He jerks around towards the source and then he’s pushing through the tangle, heedless of the cuts he’s inflicting on himself, running as soon as he hits the lawn because that’s Sam and he’s in trouble. The flowerbeds may be trampled in the process, Dean doesn’t notice except to make sure he won’t twist his ankle as he heads to the greenhouse.
Day falls naturally to dusk here, wherever here actually is, light creeping from clear gold to amber to a deep seeping red that feels too much like a warning, like Castiel painted the sky with unbridled wrath so Dean would remember he’s in trouble (not like he can forget that at the moment). It’d be an understatement to say that Dean is unsettled by the day so far.
.” And like that, he’s dismissed from Castiel’s mind. He turns back to Sam and starts kissing along his jaw, biting gently as he goes, and Dean can see the moment Sam checks out and goes limp. Castiel makes a pleased noise.
“If you’ve come to beg on your brother’s behalf, spare me.” Dean shivers at Castiel’s tone. It’s ice and knives and fury.
Dean repositions himself on the bench, half lying on top of Sam, and gently pushes in. Sam tenses and Dean can hear his breathing speed up, panic layering over the paralysis of fear. It’s still on this side of tight and Dean pants against Sam’s shoulder as he fights to go slow, not hump his way too deep into the blissful warmth of his brother’s body. He starts moving, rolling his hips in smooth long strokes to give Sam time to get used to the motion. The soft sobs start mixing with panting and then Sam presses back into him and Dean’s lost, chasing after the friction and ecstasy waiting just out of reach.
There’s no noise as Dean screams into the dirt, only whistling broken sobs that do nothing to alleviate the nameless emotion he’s drowning in. He wants it to stop. God why won’t it stop, why won’t Sam stop screaming, why is Cas still fucking into Sam, why isn’t this over. There’s no mercy in this, no grace under Castiel’s heaven and at least in hell there was a choice. There was a chance to unmake yourself, to let the agony be relief and bury all the pain of who you are under what you are becoming. Hell offers that mercy, so why can’t Castiel?
“Please, I’ll…” the words die in Dean’s throat as Castiel’s expression flickers to rage — entire worlds will die burning in agony before that anger cools. “Thank you. Castiel.”
He expects the night to be worse, but the hours of darkness pass in fitful naps and eerie silence. There’s not even any crickets. Or frogs. None of the normal night time choir, no city sounds far in the distance, not a damn thing. They might be the only two living things in fifty miles, and Dean may be a little concerned about a possible lack of food in their future.
Dean was under the hood of a late model sedan when he felt a shift in the air that made the hair on the back of his neck stand up. He rested his hands on the frame, tilting his head to glance towards the front of the shop, eyes narrowing infinitesimally. The kid he hired for the front desk was visible through the tempered glass but whoever he was talking to wasn’t. Jack smiled at something the visitor said, then laughed, brushing at his shoulder as a mylar balloon bumped against him from behind.
“Shit.” Dean swallowed thickly, his voice a rasp behind the pain at the base of his throat. His hyoid bone was probably broken. Fuck, that shit always took forever to heal.
A smile started to tug at his lips before it faltered, the distant echo of a scream sounding in the back of his mind. He swung his legs over the side of the bed, padded his way to the kitchen, stopped to press his palms to the countertop. Dean hung his head, the combination of bliss as tense muscles unfurled grating against his shame and guilt, the smell of smoke.
Castiel snorted. Or at least Dean thought he did; his face was still shoved in the pillow. “Well… I’m hungry.”
“How-“Dean cut himself off abruptly as he took in Castiel’s bare shoulders and chest, getting to the dark smattering of hair descending from his navel before he swung his gaze to the ceiling.” You’re naked again.”
“Are you okay?” His voice was worried and Castiel blinked, feeling his eyelashes brush against the hair of his arms.
“She’s an acquaintance.” Castiel’s voice was a calm rumble, and Dean felt oddly soothed. “I’m sorry for… I didn’t mean to cause you distress.” Castiel’s eyes flicked back over Dean’s shoulder. “I just needed to see… something for myself.” Castiel took another cautious step back and bent ever so slightly at the waist, but his eyes continued to hold Dean’s. “I’ll go now.”
Castiel’s low chuckle made Dean’s chest feel warm and he lifted his head, trying to see around the side of the dryer.
Rowena sucked her teeth before she opened her hands to him. “Well, we’ll start with requesting an inquiry-”
Castiel turned to exit, his hand twisting over the doorknob though Dean noted he hadn’t actually touched it. At least that explained why the wind chimes in the shop hadn’t sounded. The balloon was back at Dean’s shoulder, hovering close so that the string brushed over his forearm.
The thudding continued and Castiel let his head fall back, heaving a weary sigh as he attempted to find the opening in the plastic. He growled, eventually just swatting and punching at it until he was able to get through.
Waffle House mug from a trip he and Sam took to Kansas City while scouting colleges. Dean clenched his teeth, jaw flexing at the memory of his brother, tall and long-haired and the most powerful Caster he’d ever known, who had never been able to conjure from the aether. Dean shoveled eggs into his mouth before forcing in a few slices of bacon. He chewed laboriously, swallowed a bit and sighed before chewing some more.
Dean blinked as something bounced off Cas’ chest and fell against Dean’s neck. Cas looked down, and his fingers ghosted against Dean’s skin, attempting to grab it. Dean gave a whimper, trying to stretch his neck to get more of Cas’ touch. Something hard and plastic was shoved between his lips, and Dean attempted to turn away, wanting to bury his face in Cas’ chest as his vision began to falter, but he didn’t have the strength. Something puffed into his mouth, foul-tasting, and he inhaled on instinct, drawing the mist back into his throat and down to his lungs.
“If you think I’m giving you a handy in the middle of town square during a children’s film you are sorely mistaken, Winchester.”
“Yeah, why are we having this down here?” Dean looked around the room, eyes searching the shadows and found nothing but dark.
As soon as they were inside, Dean rounded on Castiel, the surge of power scalding through his veins. An entire line of books flung themselves from the shelf, and Dean mashed his lips together, sucked in a calming breath.
The low rumble of Cas’ voice sent a shiver through Dean, his fingers digging into Castiel’s shoulder as his body was lifted clean off the floor as if he weighed nothing. His room was dark, but he could see all of Cas as he was laid down on soft sheets. Dean felt the blankets lift as Cas placed a hand on his hip, the denim of his jeans seeming to melt from his body before he was covered again. Dean’s hand extracted itself from beneath as Cas leaned over and fussed with straightening the bedclothes. Still, he let out a sharp gasp as Dean trailed a fingertip from the wiry hair at the apex of his legs down the silken skin of his shaft, watching it grow in length until the head peeked out from the foreskin.
