“Aw.”  Moriarty suddenly spun to Richard, the gun teetering between his eyeballs.  “Doesn’t she make an adorable pet?”
Moriarty tugged harder, effectively cutting off all her air.  “Feisty puppy!  You need a shock collar.”  She threw John to the ground hard, sending one of her arms through her plate of food.
John wondered if Sherlock would be impressed in any way that she deduced Beth was a bottle blonde.
Sherlock sighed, pouted, and rolled onto her other side, frowning towards the fireplace.  “We’re out of tape.”
John had a very lovely run considering men holding guns to her back followed her the entire time.
John’s red face turned purple and her eyes ducked to her chipped nails stretched across her rum and coke.  If Sherlock was researching her porn habits, which were perfectly normal thank you very much, John would seriously need to consider buying a separate computer for purely personal purposes.
Sherlock nudged her with her elbow.  “Eyes up.  My eyes are down.”
Martin smiled up at her and she could not resist planting a kiss on that mouth, full of food as it was.  To which, naturally, brought about a seated rendition of the electric slide.
“Fuck you,” John growled, and started choking on air again.
“On your face, pet,” Alex said.  “So we can still see you.”
“That’s a pretty puppy.” Moriarty cooed and roughly pet at John’s ponytail, yanking the ends a bit before petting at her neck. No safeword this time.  “I see why she gets off on this.”  Those fingers scratched with razor sharp nails along her exposed shoulder before they disappeared.  The gun was suddenly in front of John’s face, Moriarty’s hands cupping it by the handle as she leaned over and whispered, “I can make you do anything and you’ll beg me for it.  Go on, beg me to pet you.  DO IT!”
John smirked shortly and closed her eyes until Sherlock finished.
“Maybe we’ll see you again some time,” Alex smiled and rubbed her hands over Beth’s back, dipping her fingers under her bralette and down her stomach.  “We’ve been here a while and I think I need to take this one home.”
“You sit on the couch,” Sherlock urged between her teeth.  “Only subs sit on the floor.”
Sherlock did not appear to be moving, so John reached for the book closest to her and dove into a refresher course on new methods for treating hypothermia.
together.  In a sex club!”  She glared at a pulley system in the corner that had an enthusiastic twenty something tied into it by his bulky boyfriend -or lover or dominatrix or whatever he was.  “Did Ian put you up to this?”
John sighed and looked at the skull, the deck of cards hiding inside of it.  “You want to play Gin, Sherlock?”
“Let me know if there is any way I can help,” Molly offered.
“-a pushover, I always assumed it was you.”  Sherlock shimmied out of the rest of her dress, shaking her head and undoing her necklace.  “But now I see.”
The girl clipped her heels together and practically ran back to the cart to fish out wine bottles.
Sherlock huffed.  “He can’t learn yours.”
“Oh well, if that’s all, then-”
I know (almost) the entire scene with Sherlock/John talking about hair while she's putting on her wig could have been cut and this could have merged with last chapter but I am just fascinated by the role hair plays in feminism.  This convo would happen, maybe not at this time, but the girls were telling me to leave it in so... it has its purpose for later on.
John sat on the toilet and readjusted her strappy heels, praying to any Powers That Be that she would not have to chase a villain tonight.  These shoes were brand new.  A gift to herself after the last case because she had to put up with Sherlock after the idiot decided staying up for five days in a row was a good choice to make.  They were well deserved indeed.
John stilled and put her cup back on the table without letting it go.  “What?”
On a happy note... We have a goddess among us!  The lovely
Alex threw her a bone.  “Joan, give her permission.”
“Are you trying to murder the paperwork again?”  Danny, the receptionist, called from the door.
Ready for this…. What do you do when you found ‘the one’ and they are what everyone tells you you should want, the white picket fence and 2.5 kids served up on a silver platter… but you want more?  What if you don’t know what the ‘more’ is?  What if you don’t like white fences? Or want the kids?  Do you throw away everything people tell you you want, the thing that in itself is so wholly deserving and good, to chase after an indefinable fantasy?  Or do you love them as much as you can for as long as you can because the real world doesn’t believe in fantasies?  Is the grass greener?  Or do you like running through fields?  What if there is nothing there?
running the machine lost their password and was too stupid to tell anyone!”  Someone whined in the distance on her end.  “Whatever she makes you do.  It is not your fault.  It’s mine.  Just please, please do whatever she-”
“How about I call you my beautiful bitch?  Tasty tart.  Exquisite exploit.  Gorgeous golden girl.”  She frowned.  “No alliteration.  Ravishing, sexy, foxy, oh!” she stepped into John’s space and pushed her against the door with one perfectly manicured nail, her voice dropping to a husky whisper, “You are my lovely little whore, aren’t you, John Watson?”
Moriarty smirked.  “Where’s your collar?”
“Only this time, I won’t be asking.”
“What?” Sherlock asked lazily, voice cracking, still stretching out towards the fireplace.  “Boring, vanilla, or owed?”
Danny chuckled.
The silence that followed tore through the air and smashed into John’s gut.
John shook her head back and forth, still astounded at Sherlock’s ability to uncover the truth, even when properly pissed.  “Yes!  Alright, yes!”
John pushed her face in further and allowed Moriarty her fun, right up until the last lick across her mouth and over her cheek.
John sputtered and pushed away from the heat of the flames on her face.  “What would-”
“Why are we- Never mind.  I’m sure there’s a perfectly good reason all three rolls are gone.”
“Great,” Alex beamed.  “Do you want me to use Sherly?”
Sherlock was gripping her hair by the end of it all, curled up against John’s thigh, kicking the cock on the wall again, aiming at the hilt of the knife jutting out of the balls.  John took pity and pet at her hands, trying to get her to stop pulling.
John squinted.  “Did you just say Truth or Dare?”
John flushed again and her eyes darted to Sherlock.  She was still immobile but her fingers were twitching.  Already bored with observation it seemed.
I would just like to take the time to say thank you for reading and ask again that for any concerns/complaints/suggestions/questions/if you are offended by anything, please feel free to politely comment or reach out to me via email (birdie7272@yahoo.com).  I am more than willing to discuss any and every aspect of my fic but I respond best to respectful inquiries.  Fandom = love.
Beth’s arms were trembling, but it only made Alex smile harder.
“It’s Martin,” John corrected and batted Sherlock’s hands away.  “We’ve been together for a half a year.  I think you can learn his name.”
“Back to your fantasy, John,” Sherlock looked down from above, all her attention drilling into John’s blushing face.  Her open legs seemed to trap John on the spot.  One move the the left or right and John’s cheek grazed smooth inner thigh.  Not to mention the direct view of knickers peeking out from behind the sheet, peeling back from leg and exposing the smallest hint of parts previously private.  The lace fabric revealed there were other parts of Sherlock shaved for vanity’s sake too.
“-for lunch.”
When John woke up, she was alone, in half her military uniform, cradling her head under a pillow.  The hangover was not as awful as she had expected, but she had prepared.  An empty glass of water sat on her nightstand next to painkiller packets… and a vitamin bottle.
“I…”  John’s brow pinched.  Richard’s eyes widened and his grip on the arm of his chair tightened.   “I don’t have it.  I don’t have an antidote.  I’m sorry.”
“You mean-” John grabbed her by the arm.  Another sweep of the immediate area revealed no threats but she still pulled Sherlock close enough for their legs to touch and their foreheads to bump.  “You want to go-” She fanatically flapped her hand between them.  “With him?”
“Any of that,” John spat out, grabbed her mug again and stared at the nearly empty bottom.  She instantly got up and went to make a fresh batch.
Protea (ch21 exercise, used by sh) = Courage/Strength
“Hey, lady,” A man further up the street called to Sherlock, a shit eating grin on his face, three of his friends chuckling behind him.  “If you want my cock you don’t got to shout.  All you gotta do is smile for me, babes.”
“That’s not how the game works, Sherlock.”
Martin continued to shake back and forth near convulsing in his seat.
“Doctor?”  Richard asked hopefully, leaning as close to her as he could get without tipping his chair over.
“Yes.” John flexed her hand and tried to keep her voice level.  “But you never told me how.  And if you did, it was not to me.  It was to Billy the skull.”
Praise Jaharra and present her with fandom cookies!
“Dick-” It was impossible not to hear the emphasis on the nickname, “-lied to me.  And until he can come up with the funds to fix the blood-filled bed he’s made, he’s on a timeline.  The poison will settle in soon, unless he works for the antidote.  Sounds like something a doctor should inject.  I always tend to miss with needles.  Veins, eyes, they all lead inwards, don’t they?”  Moriarty shoved her body back and clacked a knife against her empty plate.  “Want to watch his face melt with me?  Go on.  Tell him, Doc.  Tell him the truth.”
John looked at her empty glass and uncrossed her legs, pulling at where the dress stuck to her thighs, wanting to fan away the stickiness of the sweat and the butterflies in her tipsy stomach.
John snorted.  “Please.  If you and I ever-” she flapped a hand around, “-he would get off on it.”
“Why would Matty-”
“Truth or Dare,” Sherlock said with all the conviction of someone who planned during their hours of sobriety.
Ever.
Sherlock shrugged, a nonchalant attitude which was immediately contradicted by the rosy hint on his cheekbones.
[And it would be nice of you to apologise. Being impolite to perfect strangers is generally frowned upon if you weren't aware of that fact. SH]
At least before he has run away from home with his latest mistress.
Warm skin, soft gazes.
“We can’t do this here,” John groaned.
“That’s nothing, you…”
Instead, he felt a knot form in his chest, getting bigger and bigger as time passed.
John laughed.
And John couldn’t be happier.
“It’s just that I never thought you would appreciate him like this.”
Greg has pulled a face saying this and John has smothered a smile.
“Dismal. Truly dismal,” he muttered.
Then the answer popped into his mind – of course, one of them must have seen his name appearing in the headlines on Twitter or somewhere else. They’ve been reminded of Sherlock, the poor love-stricken dummy, and with the help of a few drinks, they’ve decided it would the highlight of their Friday night if they could play him for a fool.
“Detective Inspector…”
He sits still in the bath, listening.
She simply couldn’t.
"Never better," Sherlock smoothly replied. "Please do go on!"
More information here - http://www.culpeper.org.uk/
Sherlock has always preferred receiving texts after all, John thought, clutching the mobile in his sweaty palm.
“Oh, my dear Miss Holmes, I’m afraid you underestimate my… case. I bet you’ll be more curious about it over dinner. That’s why I have taken the liberty of booking a table for two at
His heart was pounding in his chest as he stared at the text he has just sent.
And yet something, a conviction deeply rooted in his very soul, refused to give up.
Dear Sherlock,
“John... It’s me.”
Or would her desire for a companion, male or female, drive them apart?
If Sherlock really had a landlady living in the flat below, John could well imagine her cries of horror and complaints. Not that they were useful at any rate – considering the flat’s state, they seemed to fall on Sherlock’s deaf ears.
Frowning – why hasn’t he noticed his mobile buzzing? – he tapped the icon.
Back again - at last! Sorry for the long hiatus, folks! Hope you're still enjoying this story :)
A wet heat started to throb between her legs.
Enjoy!
It would seem terribly unfair to anyone in Sally’s situation.
“Nope,” Greg simply replied, stressing the “p”. “You don’t get to… interrogate me, you bloody, cheeky, toffee-nosed bastard…”
“Indeed,” she retorted in that posh voice, which was wreaking delightful havoc on Joan’s nerves. “It might even seem
She was about to bite her lip and to give her best come-hither look when her lover once again surprised her.
She shook his hand as hard as she could and had the pleasure to seeing him wince.
And John finally gets a clue!
He glanced at his companion, who was already staring at him.
A smile which was quickly wiped off his face by Sherlock’s comment.
And it has backfired spectacularly – a slip of his tongue, which has raised Sherlock’s hackles and rendered the whole lot of Yarders tongue-tied and wide-eyed. The only advantage of this has been Anderson looking ill.
“God forbid!” Greg cried out, wrinkling his nose. “It’s nothing personal, I promise you. It’s just that…”
There was an alarmed look right now in the illusion’s eyes.
Joan was completely delirious with joy and pleasure, a part of herself still refusing to believe that it was real, that Sherlock was in her arms.
The blue string around the flowers caught his eye. When smelling the chlorine he has first thought of Moriarty. Quite logical after all – he has been John’s abductor and torturer, tormenting him psychologically before forcing him to put on the Semtex vest.
But you never said these words and I was too much a coward to do anything about it.
They passed in front of a plot of land so exuberant with flowers and tall grass it almost looked unkempt.
At this moment, John has raised his head, his dark blue gaze meeting Sherlock’s eyes and winking at him impishly. Sherlock has blushed and Lestrade, who hasn’t missed a scrap of this exchange, has rolled his eyes before saying
Sherlock, he was picturing Sherlock in his mind and it wasn’t on, it was definitely not on, he should have stopped right there this madness, but he has found himself unable to stop, it was good, so very good, especially since he has forbidden himself to think about it.
Here he was, in one of the loveliest regions of France, on a trip with all expenses paid by another purse than his and on the brink of unveiling one of the greatest enigmas concerning the genius whose bewitching, dazzling creations which were way ahead of Leonardo’s time when they’ve been made had completely fascinated young Sherlock.
“Don’t mention it.”
Joan didn’t really know they have reached Sherlock’s bedroom until she felt her legs brushing against the bed frame. All she was aware of was her lover – her hands relentlessly stroking and squeezing, cupping her large breasts, her mouth on her neck, her collarbone, her teeth softly nipping her skin.
How was she supposed to explain Sherlock’s behaviour, though?
The power under these frankly hideous jumpers.
Adrenaline surged when he read these words and John didn’t think while typing as fast as he could
He groaned – his days as John “Three Continents” Watson were truly over.
John ignored the sudden ache in his chest or the voice in his mind screaming at him to be cautious. To hell with it. He found himself wanting to answer Sherlock with the same honesty he has just displayed.
“Don't worry, Detective Inspector, I won’t hold you any longer.” She waved at Mycroft from the antechamber. “He’s all yours now!”
Their hostess was waiting for them on the mansion’s threshold. Sherlock took in every detail about her at once – the impeccably done fair hair, falling in gentle waves on her shoulders; the confident way she was holding herself; the faint amusement shining in her clear gaze as she met his eye.
“Because I called Lestrade,” Sherlock cut him off.
“Fuck off”, John huffed to the silent phone. He stood up, snatched his cane and left for a walk.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock repeated, her expression so earnest, so sincere that Joan couldn’t look away. “I know I should have talked to you about it. About Cox and the setup. But I was a coward. I was afraid to put you in danger and… I decided to leave you out.”
He glanced at the coffee table, where he has put side by side the two gifts received in a parallel he couldn’t help drawing. Clenching his jaw, he put on his jacket and sneaked out into the night.
“Do you trust me?”
As John hasn’t hesitated, nearly 24 hours after having first met Sherlock, to shoot a man for him.
He finally reached out, picking up the gift. He first turned up the card, which was blank, before focusing his attention on the string. It was a common type, the kind which must have been available in every DIY store.
a drama queen sometimes!
“Yeah, well… You forgot me before.”
“I don’t care! Besides, I was drunk at that time!”
“But not the one you prefer.”
“What did you get up to?”
Moriarty's voice hardened.  “Pour.  Our.  Drinks.”
John shook her head.  “Then it would just be an iceblock.”
has offered to beta for us.  *bows* Praise her and her grammar wisdom!
Molly did not need to hear about Moriarty.  John was sure she could handle herself, but Molly was still an emotional person.  It hurt when she found out her new girlfriend was actually an evil mastermind using her to get to her number one crush.  There was no need to bring up any reappearances if it were not detrimental to her safety.
Sherlock tapped John’s shoulder and gracefully bent over in her form fitting, matching, violet lace panties and bra to detach shoe from fabric.  Seriously, did all of Sherlock’s underthings match?  John had trouble finding a matching pair of socks half the time with the way her laundry disappeared.
Richard’s eyes flickered between John, Moriarty, the bodyguards, and the door, panic nearly overtaking his dilated pupils.  He stuttered an answer when Moriarty looked like she was contemplating stabbing him with the candlestick.  “Y-yes.”
Sherlock had plenty of deductions, including that the man was an assassin who enjoyed tuna salad, but the death itself was still a puzzle.  The man’s tongue had been carved out but that was an old injury.   On top of his bald head was a target, three circles surrounding a dot, all drawn in bright red lipstick.  All evidence pointed to asphyxiation but there were no marks around or in the throat.
“See what?” John asked again dumbly, pulling Sherlock’s floral dress over her breasts and adjusting as she went.  At least she could breathe in this one.  The shoes were all wrong but there was no helping the fact that they had severely different feet.
Moriarty shoved a tongue into her mouth and swept it across her teeth, tasting her at every angle possible.  John recoiled from the sharp sting of wine but Moriarty yanked on her hair and John gasped.  Moriarty shoved her tongue in further and started eating at John’s slack lips, taking every piece of her she could, scraping and pulling.  John recoiled instinctively but felt the gun shift threateningly against her and heard Richard’s scared squeak.
Beth was up in a second, spinning towards the center of the alcove floor and plopping back onto her heels, eyes never leaving her feet.  Alex stood up and set her drink down next to John as she contemplated the wall.
“No problem,” Molly said.  “Now, if you don’t mind I need to call Greg.”
“Martin!” John threw up her hands, a bit of whisky falling across her glass.  She licked the streams from her fingers and nodded.  “Don’t know why androgynous.  Maybe it’s the lack of beard and the eyeliner.  Guys look great in eyeliner.”
Sherlock cheered triumphantly and put her water down as she reached for the whiskey again.  “This calls for a celebration!”
“He didn’t say it,” John rushed to whisper.
Sherlock took samples of the lipstick while John distracted the yarders with the tale of Sherlock's bras cooking in the oven last winter and they left immediately for Bart’s to access superior equipment.
Richard’s breathing hitched.
John had her moment.  She shoved her head into Moriarty’s throat and bit down.  When Moriarty yelped in pain, John shoved her knee into the woman’s gut.  The gun dropped and John leapt to grab it, but Stevie was quicker than she gave him credit for.  With one swift kick, he sent her directly to the ground with all the wind knocked out of her.
“Oh for the love of-”  Sherlock huffed from the door.  “Here-” She thrust out her arm, demanding the eyeshadow brush in John’s hand, threw it into the sink and grabbed a new one.
“Lovely.”  Moriarty sipped her wine.  “Now put your plate on the ground.”
John pulled her head away and glared.  Nope.  Never easy.  “You’re testing me.”
“Ian Adler.”
Romanticized nonsense, Sherlock said.  Apparently like all the other drivel John ingested through her novels.
John could not help smiling as she caught sight of a freshly shaved trail of dark hairs slipping down from Sherlock’s belly button.  For some reason, vanity was a trait that just suited Sherlock.  John would be sure to bring it up the next time Sherlock tried to defend herself after being caught staring in the mirror or the back of a spoon -if only for the opportunity to see Sherlock’s crumpled, confused face when she heard the term ‘Happy Trail’.
Joan was the name on her birth certificate and John was a nickname from early army days.  It was a completely sexist name earned for her ability to ‘fight like a man’ but she appreciated the memory and the name stuck.
“You need to pick truth or dare,” John said triumphantly.
Beth instantly rose to her feet and approached John, stopping at the tips of John’s strappy shoes.
Sherlock pouted, threw her back against the leg of her chair and crossed her arms, her hair falling across half her face, her sheet slipping down bare arms.  “Fine.  I already have my answer anyway.”  She tossed her head to the side and started up a pout.  Always so dramatic.  “I dare you to change your facebook so that your sexual preference reads you are interested in both men and women.”
John was contemplating wearing a bum bag just to keep her gun on her.  Giggles be damned.
“Why are you making me do this,” John clarified.
John opened the registration page and held it out to Sherlock.  “Too late.  I dared you.  You have to do it!  And with a real profile this time too.  Nothing you can use to phish people with for a case.”
“Have you ever had sex with a woman?”
“Alright,” John said and put it on.  “Truth or dare?”
“See what?”  John asked, thinking she must be especially slow.
“I wasn’t-”
“Five?” John had to interrupt.
“I dare you to tell me if you are satisfied sexually.”
John gasped dramatically as Sherlock burst into a fit of giggles.  “Sherlock!”
“Oh, that will not be hard,” John snapped.
“Marshall.”
The minute they entered, Sherlock tugged John by the arm into the handicap.  Then she contorted her arms and started pulling at the ties behind her back.
Moriarty smiled and gestured to John.  “And of course you know Doctor Watson.”
John grinned down at Sherlock’s head in contemplation for far longer than suited Sherlock, if her wiggles were anything to go by, but as much as she would love to see retribution be had, they had a job to do.
Beth was no help with her head forever tilted downward.
Alex whirled back towards John and said, “Be assertive, but not cruel.  Good behavior is rewarded.  Bad behavior-” She looked at Beth and smirked, then sank to her knees behind her partner.  She flipped the silk fabric over Beth’s eyes and pulled Beth’s head back, whispering into her ear.  “-is to be punished.”
“Don’t blame me for my boredom, John.”  Sherlock flipped upside down in her chair and pulled at her short black locks, as if hoping she could grow Medusa’s snakes for experimentation’s sake.  “Speaking of boring, how was your date with Miguel?”
The blog had a near-death experience, saved only by John wrestling Sherlock back into her armchair and throwing the closest blanket over her head.
The next few hits were in quick succession, barely giving Beth time to call out the numbers.
“I am aware you are not homophobic.  I simply ask because I’m curious.  Does your-” she sneered, “-boyfriend, have anything to do with it?”
John rolled her bright pink lips together and frowned preemptively.  She would lick the color off in no time.  Personally, she liked the darker shades, but Sherlock assured her they washed out her face.
“John!”  Sherlock sounded immensely relieved and then quickly sputtered off clipped demands, all sorts of worry lacing her panicked breaths.  “Whatever she says, do it.  I’m so sorry for this.  The
Sherlock’s blank face stared into the fire.  “That’s too many questions.”
John held the phone away and quickly said, “I dare you to create a facebook page!”
“Very,” John said agreeably, her gaze darting down to Sherlock, wondering how much longer they would need to make polite conversation, for fear of it becoming
“Tell me,” Sherlock commanded.  “Does Mario not want to even try being dominant in the bedroom?”
“Well,” Sherlock laughed.  “There’s one truth I don’t need to ask.”
“Excellent,” Sherlock beamed.  John smiled back.  “Truth or dare?”
“Wait, what do you mea-”
Alex smirked at John and turned back to Beth, running her fingers along the marks dotting her glowing jaw.  Beth tried very hard not to move but it was impossible for her fingers not to curl across her thighs.  Alex whispered something in her ear and it made Beth’s legs fall apart, her breath catching audibly.
The housekeeper struggled to open the bottle with shaking, sweaty fingers.  The corkscrew went in but she ripped a piece off before getting it to enter properly.
“You were touching your stomach with both hands just below the belly button.  Most would think you were contemplating carrying spawn in your womb.  Instead, you contemplate adorning yourself with the ultimate form of contraception.  Bum bag,” Sherlock spat the words out as if the very idea were too hideous to even voice aloud.
“Moriarty obviously employed the assassin and supplied the banker with his prostitutes.”
John wanted to burst into laughter but managed to restrain herself.  “No.”
“I’m Alex,” the Dom said and held out her hand.
The bed too was lovely and while John spent most of the night clinging to a lamp and watching the door for any movement, she did get a tiny bit of sleep.
John held up a hand.  “It was a threesome!”
“Right,” John growled.  She was the dominatrix or whatever.  Double fantastic.
“You did say dark!” John threw up her glass and spilled again, this time wiping up the mess on the floor with one of her socks, peeling it off and tossing it near the fire.
“And how do you-”
“Come here,” Sherlock commanded.
There was still no reaction, just a tense thread of violence ready to unwind through a single, explosive twitch of a finger.
Moriarty pulled the phone from her ear.
“Well I do.  You shouldn’t have to be with anyone,” John ground out, searching for the dish soap.  Did she not just have it two hours ago?
“I’ve never played.  I assumed you have since you were invited to sleepovers as a child.”
John nodded, not sure how far this lesson was going to go.  They could call schoolgirl and her leash holder over to take notes.
Amaryllis (ch10 crossdressing)= Strength/Pride
John jumped to a seated position and yelled hoarsely, “Don’t call her that!”
John yelled, “Sherlock!”
“Oh, Watson,” Sherlock shook her head and smirked.  “You are a lovely little whore, aren’t you?”
“Joooohn!”
John glared at her reflection in the bathroom mirror.  This was exactly why she did not bother with makeup.  She could appreciate it as much as the next girl but whenever she tried to do more than mascara, she always managed to make herself look like she had been punched once in each eye by someone with pink tinted brass knuckles.
Well, that put an end to that.
“I choose dare,” John said.
“John, kneel!”  Sherlock interrupted suddenly.
“Well stop it,” John huffed and returned to her feet, shakily reached for her tea and swallowed a burning gulp.  She squinted the pain away without looking at her arse of a flatmate.  “I don’t know what you’re doing but I don't like it.”
John decided it was best to just get a new mug and wash it out with soap herself.
“I’m feeling inspired by the witch trials,” John muttered at the manila folder open in front of her.
“I’m not your fucking dog!” John yelled.  Her wriggling was only smearing red on the wooden floor.
“Truth.”
“Know what?”
Richard cried out between her palms.
John groaned and opened her eyes, shifting as Sherlock moved behind her- apparently needing to fix her already finished updo.
This is all to say, send me pictures of your awesome hair!  I am always looking for inspiration :D
Richard flinched and his forehead hit the metal.  He whimpered aloud and his eyes glossed over.  John gripped the table and stood, only to be forced back into her seat by both of Stevie’s meaty hands shoving against her shoulders.
John pinched the bridge of her nose.  “Not count cards my arse.”
John slowly took them, “Why-”
Air was easy to obtain but the lace cut into John’s neck.  Sherlock was close enough to make her vision blur, staring down at her with an edge to her small smile.
John bowed mockingly and growled, “After you, miss.”
Moriarty snapped her fingers.  “Drinks.”
“Three Continents Watson!” Sherlock gasped.  “That’s where it comes from.  They were all from different continents!”
“Well, pick one.”
It was the sixth round and Sherlock had won every single hand.
John reached for the tea leaves and wondered if it were too early for chamomile or if she should try that new cinnamon chai.
Sherlock mumbled something incoherent but it sounded like, “Girlfriend” and “Female”.
Molly’s red face did not recede.  “Strange,” she choked.
Beth’s face did blush, the red travelling all the way up from her chest and into her ears.  She shimmied her arse in the air, practically begging for Alex to continue.
It was not fair.  John shared her middle name but in return she only got Sherlock’s initials.  At the moment, she could not remember the order but there were at least two Ss and a W.  She was pretty sure and pretty sure in her state was a guarantee.
“Oh yes,” Moriarty hummed.  “Very fuckable.”
M/F action below.  If that makes you squirm in all the wrong ways, message me and I'll help you jump past it.
Then again, a good old burning was always appreciated.  Or a drowning.  Drownings were a bit more messy but she could really draw out watching evil dissolve into nothingness over the course of the day.
Madness broke out as the friends guiltily argued back, running when the son eventually came after them.  John chuckled to herself and pulled Sherlock along before she started pointedly insulting any of the strangers that did not deserve it.
“So, it was the audience that held you back,” Sherlock murmured coquettishly.  She rolled out a graceless arm and scraped a sharp finger under John’s jaw.  “You’re only comfortable with me.”
Martin smiled back and took a seat across from her as she cleared some room.  “You mean BCE?  Hm.”  He adjusted his thin glasses and squinted his bright brown eyes at the wall.  “I think there was stoning.  Drawn and quartered, of course.  And I believe boiling in hot oil.”
John slammed the kettle under the water.   “Why are you suddenly so interested in my sex life?”
It was a bit of a stumble but Beth pulled herself up and slumped with her face in the crook of Alex’s neck, nippling lazily at the skin there.  John licked her lips and looked at Sherlock, wondering if they should take their leave before things became even more inappropriate, but Alex spoke before she could.
“It bounces off,” John answered coldly.  If anything, she could at least distract Moriarity's attentions away from the terrified man and reassure him at the same time.  “It won’t stick to the skin.  Sherlock’s had it in the flat a dozen times.”
It was like starting a new chapter in her life, dating him.  As such, he wanted to help her leave the Afghanistan chapter behind.  It was time for Mrs. Joan H Watson, not Doc John W.  He was never in the military, he did not understand her attachment to it.
Moriarty finally looked away from Richard and up into John’s eyes.  She shoved John’s wayward bangs out of her face, those nails scraping against the back of her ear.  “Be a good little doggy and give me a kiss.”
Everything would be fine in the morning.
“-satisfy you sexually?”
Alex smiled and soothed her hand through the platinum locks, draping them gently across her neck.  “Keep your hair out of your face.  We want to show our guests how pretty you blush when you act like a slut.”
Richard cried, his eye overflowing with tears.  The praying started once again.
“At least.  Based off the size of the bed and the nail polish left on the wall I would have said four.  Not to mention the glitter everywhere.  But the empty glasses with distinctly different shades of lipstick say otherwise.  Really, how did you not see it?”
“You could say that,” John let herself giggle.
John rolled her eyes but closed them and allowed Sherlock to work her miracles.  “I don’t know why you bother letting me try by myself.  You always end up fixing it whenever we go undercover.”
John slammed her tea down and crossed her legs, shaking her head.  “It wasn’t-”
“Martin.”
“John,” Sherlock grunted from the floor.  “If we are going to make this convincing, you need to act like you fit in.”
“Do you have yours well trained then?” Alex asked.
Beth’s lips moved without sound at first.  It took Alex’s hand pulling at her hair again before she said, “Yes, ma’am, please.”
“What?” John asked.
Sherlock groaned, pushed into John’s stomach once more, then flopped onto her back, yelling at the ceiling.  “I already told you!  They are connected!”
“I knew you would.”  John shifted back into her chair and slipped onto the arm of it, cradling her head against the back.  “Do you actually know my boyfriend’s name and just refuse to say it?”
“Androgynous person?” Sherlock interrupted curiously.
After a silent day of reading to herself and sometimes aloud to a silent Glenn, John found herself sitting at a round table in a very uncomfortable ornate wooden high back chair, staring at a white and silver table set.  It would have been perfectly ordinary if it had not been for the bodyguards in the corners of the room or the sweaty man strapped to the chair next to her.
John found her eyes darting to the startled girl’s open mouth and immediately looked resolutely at Moriarty’s throat.  John never excelled at knife throwing and there was nothing sharper than a butter knife, but anything was possible.
Any and all mistakes are due to me because while my beta is wise, I am not and sometimes ignore her wisdom.
If she were still single, she would definitely be on the pull tonight.  Makeup, a skintight dress, lasting tan, and strappy heels… it would be like shooting fish in a very horny barrell.
Alex chuckled and stood, facing John.  “I love showing off my pretty slut, don’t I, pet?”
Unless she really, really, really needed to.
John started giggling before she could even get the thought out.  “I dare- I dare you- to-”  She burst into laughter and grabbed Sherlock’s phone, opening the web browser.  Sherlock must have deduced what she was trying to do because she sloppily reached for the device, toppling forward.
Martin replied quickly, as always.
“-care about the change, or why am I making you do this?”
John looked to see a wall of various… things, indeed, that she had not noticed before.  There was a paddle and a whip of some sort, and something that looked ominously sharp-
Martin was the best man she could ever hope for, loving and kind, but physically…  He was an attractive man but he never seemed to heat her up, as it were.  She had been taking care of business herself more so recently, hence why Sherlock found her ‘variety’ of porn history.
voice but John could not be asked to care.  “If I had known we would be going to a sex club, I might have prepared a little more.”  After a second she added, “Or just not gone at all.”
The lesson seemed to end there.  At least, Alex stopped looking towards John and only paid attention to Beth.
John tilted her head to the side and smiled wide.  “I’m putting that on our Christmas card.  That is the nicest thing you have ever said about him.”
John’s brain stumbled a moment, her eyes blinking heavily before she realized Sherlock was addressing her.  She supposed it was better than ma’am.  “Yes?”
“Obviously.”
shoes.  Her hair, as always, was perfectly wavy and curved around her angled face in a graceful bob.  Her makeup was as fantastic as ever.  The only addition she could spy was a necklace.  It was a black lace choker curled around her neck with black beads dangling from the lower half, tangled together in half circles, drawing the eyes down to those prominent collar bones.  It was a bit gaudy for John’s taste and really did not match the delicate floral dress but the red ruby heart sparkling in the center was quite cute.
“Look at you!”  Moriarty waved the gun around, aiming it at everyone including herself at least once before resting it against Richard’s temple again.  “I’m threatening to shoot a corpse!  Why do you care SO MUCH, puppy?!”
Sherlock elbowed her again, less subtly this time and John not-so-accidentally kicked her back, smiling at Alex.  “I would love that.”
Beth tried to nod and was promptly let go, her head falling to her chest, her cheeks painted freshly pink with red fingerprints and a light flush.  John shifted to the edge of the couch, dress be damned.  She could stand to show a little leg if the girl in the center of the floor was willing to be stripped to almost nothing for a bit of spanking.
The small group of people that had gathered to watch dissipated for more interesting endeavors.
No one called Moriarty ma’am.  No one.  The end result was always the same.  The last time she heard it was a hostage trying to describe her voice, calling her ma’am before it was drowned out by the explosion that rang out over the phone and echoed over every news channel covering the bombings.
“Yup,” Molly answered.  “Still no DNA matching in the system but it is definitely his.”
“Was that a case?” John asked.
John made quick work of cleaning the new cup with a rag and threw some water into her used one.  There was no guarantee soaking a tea-stained mug would do much of anything, but it was worth a shot until she could get a better sponge.
Sherlock watched the very flammable sock fly and crawled across the floor to move it away from the flames, clutching her sheet under her neck.  “You need new books.”
John dared to put her hands on Moriarty’s thighs and gripped tight.  “James.  Jim.  I am begging you.”
Moriarty chuckled darkly.  “You’re a bit of a monster yourself, aren’t you sweetheart?”
John’s breath caught.  She rose higher and quickly reached for the gun but Moriarty slipped it out of her grasp.  In the same slick move, Moriarty wrapped her arms around John and pulled until she fell into her lap, knees slapping against the wooden back of the chair, her chest pressed against Moriarty’s front, the gun solid against the curve of her back.
“Do you want a name?  You responded when that woman called hers a pretty slut.”
“Ridiculous.”
“You are going to do exactly what I tell you, when I tell you.”  Sherlock spun John around and grabbed the necklace, clasping it into place in a matter of seconds.
John could make Sherlock do police paperwork half the time, since it would keep her her job.  What would it take to get her to do John’s?
John eyed the food at her feet and nodded once.  She lowered her good knee first and carefully brought the rest of herself to the floor until she was on her hands and knees.
“For chinese food and a movie, yes I know.  I don’t know why I bother asking.”  Sherlock ruffled her hair and spun back up, dramatically laying across the arms of her chair and stretching.  A strip of skin pulled across her exposed stomach as she rocked her legs back and forth.
John giggled.  “Never mind.  Your turn.”
Moriarty gasped and grabbed John’s face with an iron grip, the hilt of the gun shoved against her cheek, the barrel resting just along her temple.  Once she knew she had John’s attention, she slowly released her fingers and stroked down John’s cheek and under her chin.  “Such a cute puppy!  I could just skin you alive and make myself a brand new coat.”  Her claws retracted as she leaned back in her chair and kicked John’s plate of duck.
"Of course."
Sherlock scoffed and tossed the blanket to the floor, suffocating the ball of paper that mocked her very existence.  “Lestrade is not that wholly incompetent.”
“The banker worked for the assassin.  He was the one who, quite illegally, deposited large sums of money into the killer’s offshore account in exchange for a plethora of hookers.”
“I thought you would be happy, John,” Sherlock pouted, shamming it perfectly.  “You get to tell me what to do for the night.”
John burst out in another peal of chuckles and shook her head back and forth, searching for the water bottle she had set down somewhere behind the paper stacks.  “No!  No one is as good as that!”
In order to get John strapped in a vest full of semtex Moriarty had set up a food truck giving away free samples.  One of those free samples passed under John’s nose just as she was walking by and, really, Sherlock was a pain to get to eat when on a case and John was hungry.  One bite of special-made cheesey crackers and John stumbled into an alley where she passed out and woke up next to a pool.
Sherlock shook her head and moved to help her search.  “Is it your name?”
“Of course.  Talk to you later.”
Moriarty stared into her eyes with something akin to victory.  She licked her lips, caressed John’s cheek, and said, “No.”
“Alright, you can text him.”
“Are there any you fancy?” she asked John politely.
Calculating eyes deduced at lightning speed, up and down John’s hunched body.
“Cock!” Sherlock yelled.
“Delicious.”  Moriarty cooed.  “Let’s eat!  It is Dick’s last meal after all.  It is a good one.  Duck!”  John grit her teeth and glared at her cup.  “Oh, don’t look like that.  I used my poison on him, you’ve got nothing to worry about.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“She’s…” John trailed off, her hand instinctively reaching out towards Sherlock’s shoulder.   It felt a bit odd, speaking for Sherlock.  Sherlock had no problem opening her mouth and saying whatever was on her mind at any given time.  Sherlock without a voice felt wrong.  “She’s...” Then, unbidden, John remembered the rotting toes currently left out on the kitchen counter and the mouse hearts floating in ice water in the fridge -even though John had asked for basic sanitation at least one hundred and sixty two times.  “In training,” she ended, loving the way Sherlock shifted in agitation at being referred to like some common house dog.  John pat the top of her head for good measure.  “She’s new to being told what to do.”
“Two for flinching,” Alex ground out, flipping the paddle in her other hand.  “Five for any noises.”
“Do mind my manners you two, but I’m afraid Sherlock is being rather persistent in talking with you.”  Moriarty spun the phone around and quieted the noise, still talking at John.  The silence only brought the man’s panicked breathing back to the forefront but Moriarty paid him no mind and so John pretended to do the same.  “You see, I was supposed to get my painting today.  AT LUNCH.  As you can see, it is dinner.  I do so hate tardiness.  She would rather I not cut off one of your arms.”  Moriarty shrugged carelessly.  “Trivial.”
“May I use the lav, please?”
“Like normal?” John asked wryly, a bit dizzy.
“Martin.”
Beth’s toes curled in her wobbling heels to the point of pain.  One fell abruptly to the floor with a clatter.  Alex’s palm slapped against the paddle, causing both Beth and John to jump.
“Thank you, I’ve got eyes, I can see he’s not without some… charm.”
Sherlock didn’t waste any time, crawling on her hands and knees on her bed like some feral cat which has got free.
He was prepared for every opportunity, he thought.
Why, indeed, he mused as he peered again at the sleeping form of Lestrade – Gregory, his mind rebelliously provided. Gregory who was currently softly snoring, lips parted, sprawled in the armchair where he has suddenly collapsed in the middle of what Mycroft has judged as a bloody good snog. A snog, he thought sourly, which certainly should not have been interrupted by a bout of drunken sleep.
“After all the girlfriends you have brought round to our flat, trying to demonstrate in a very obvious way the heterosexuality you never had…”
Sherlock nodded.
“A consulting detective – the only one in the world,” the extremely short bio announced.
John was looking down at their joined hands.
They stood in silence, looking at each other. John let his eyes travel all over Sherlock, staring long and hard at him, absorbing every new detail, from the shaved-off unruly mop of curls, leaving only an inch or so of dark hair half-concealed under a black cap to the shadow of an old bruise on Sherlock’s cheekbone to his pallid, gaunt look. He saw that Sherlock was slightly fidgeting under his scrutiny, no doubt wondering how to analyse this reaction.
God almighty. What he wouldn’t give to see how Mycroft looked if he took the liberty to invite him in his bedroom.
Sherlock lifted her head, panting for breath, her curly hair a mussed disaster.
In the meantime, he wasn’t much advanced.
“Don’t really know, mate. Why don’t you ask the lady over there?”
He didn’t know how to say all this without giving himself away though and furious against himself, he sharply replied
Mycroft raised both eyebrows, as he felt his heartbeat increasing.
His voice lowered as he caught Mycroft’s gaze once again.
He had to go forward.
Her heart suddenly as light as a feather, Joan sprang on the last step, setting the grocery bag in her left hand gently swaying.
He sighed before crying out “Coming, for God sake!” and shuffling along to the door. He abruptly opened it – as soon as he found the handle, anyway – and was ready to tear the intruder a new one when he found himself face to face with the loveliest, most ravishing, completely gorgeous illusion ever.
John’s gaze flicked over Sherlock. Lover Boy was clearly getting upset about Irene’s interruption and Sherlock’s dithering. Even though she was furious herself, Irene couldn’t help watching with amusement the dilemma in which she was putting her associate.
Oh God. What was he doing exactly? He immediately took a step back, babbling “I’m sorry, I thought you… I didn’t realize that you weren’t…”
did it,” he growled.
“I… I would like to know…”
“Really?” Greg teased. “Because I might take advantage, you know, asking for state secrets…”
“I don’t need you to be happy!”
Sherlock, who was looking for her tea supply in the kitchen cupboards, gave a grunt of annoyance.
Sherlock handed her dress and necklace over.  “Put them on.”
“Mmmm, dare.”
“You are!” Moriarty giggled.  Her hand dove under the table and came up with a revolver.  She tipped the barrel of the very real gun at John before sweeping it to Richard, aiming it directly at his temple.  “Or I’ll shoot him.”
“I’m not sure I feel comfortable sharing, just yet.”  John threw her hand on Sherlock’s shoulder for good measure, squeezing gently.  Sherlock pretended to fold into the touch, a soft moan escaping her lips.  John wanted to laugh at the noise but smiled instead, downing more of her drink.
“Very,” John agreed.
“He doesn’t have a big anything,” Sherlock muttered behind her glass.
“Martin.”  John bit her lip.  She promised herself she would stop doing that.  If she continued to egg Sherlock on, it would never stop.  “We went-”
Cockscomb (title) = Affection (also, it had the word COCK in it)
It was very hard to sit on a squeaky couch when her dress squeaked too.  The tight fit cut into her stomach and she was not quite sure how to drape her legs without revealing too much thigh.
“Moriarty,” John shuffled to her knees and slipped between Moriarty’s legs.  “Don’t.  Listen to me.  Please just listen to me.”
Sherlock looked at her as if she were calculating the number of ways she could tear apart John’s favorite jumper, thread by thread, when she suddenly hooked a finger under John’s choker and tugged.
Petunia (ch15 martin sex, finger) = Anger/Resentment
“Not gooOOOOooood enough,” Moriarty sang through her teeth.
“Also, your hair was teased on the back of your head only.  You were not attempting to style your hair that day, therefore unanticipated fluffing of the hair.  Lights off because why would you want them on?  And-”
John shifted.
“Not according to your browser history,” Sherlock mumbled.
Martin chuckled against her mouth and kissed her once more.  “Oil does have its uses.”
John spun around before catching any sight of naked Sherlock but the stall door let off a shiny metallic reflection so she turned to the brown tiled wall instead.  She felt like a drunk chicken with its head cut off.  Maybe toast for dinner really was a horrid idea.
“Your turn to ask me.”  Sherlock sat beside her, returning to leaning against her own chair. “Truth.”
Get it together, Watson.
“You want me to show you some things?” Alex asked, gesturing behind her.
John nodded and she nodded back before gesturing for her sub to kneel beside her, closer to Sherlock.  Sherlock’s head tilted to the side, deducing easily before shifting her focus back to the bearded man.
Molly continued, clearing her throat, “Right, so, like I said.  The sperm and blood in his throat matches his own DNA.  The cause of death was by something thick and rounded but not strong enough to cut through the tissue in the throat.  Which, with the DNA, leads me to believe-”
Never easy with her, was it?  Boredom led to game playing.  Which meant picking apart the dating life of John Watson and then making said John pick pens out of pockets five seconds later.
Iris (ch14 wax, used by jw) = Hope
John’s heart pounded and her eyes dropped to the floor.  She felt her breath coming in pants as she tried to regain her equilibrium.  The heat of the fire was messing with her head again.
Sherlock snapped her attention to the skull and glared as if it had personally wronged her.
“Truth.” John sipped more water and ignored the too warm feel of it.
John shook her thoughts away and turned back to Alex.  The girl looked pleasant enough, not at all put off by John staring at the others in the room.  She supposed she looked like anyone else at the club to Alex.  Sherlock did say to fit in.
Martin had every right to call her by her Christian name.
“This is Beth,” Alex said, gesturing towards her sub.  Beth did not move at all, just stared resolutely at the floor with her hands behind her back.  “We’ve been coming here for over two years now.  You’ll love it.” Alex sat back in the sofa and called to her, “Beth, show Joan how we greet people.  Be extra polite about it.”
Alex nodded in understanding.  “She’s a switch.”
Sherlock did have a good point.  Genius, that one.
“I am not turned on by humil-”
“I’d find it on any device,” Sherlock replied to her unvoiced thought.  “Quick, act like a Dom.  Someone is coming.  Say this is your first time taking me out.  Ask for a demonstration.  And for god’s sake, observe.  Look.  Learn how to behave.  I need to keep my eyes on chubby.”
“I always hope you’ll learn.” Sherlock, with her always-perfect cat eyes, winked and grabbed something that looked like liquid gold.  “Close.”
John nodded.  “The body will be brought here.  Cause of death would be fantastic, as per usual.”
John rolled her eyes, walked back into the room, and leaned over to look at the phone in Sherlock’s hand.  Perhaps Lestrade had texted.  “Case?”
John glared at Sherlock.  Was this sexual truth or dare?  Because if it was, Sherlock was in for a rude awakening on her next dare.
Sherlock shifted in her sheet, spreading her legs in the most unladylike of fashions so she could lean in closer.  “What is your deepest, darkest sexual fantasy?”
“Heel!” Moriarty yelped.
Molly coughed, “Yes.  That.  After he had, um, ejaculated.”
“Huh?”
The man continued, winking and thrusting out his hips as they passed.  “I bet you look gorgeous when you smile.  Those lips were made for something alright.”
“Haywire is trickier.  How is he connected to all this?  Nothing in his records connects him to the banker.  His email in unhackable, thanks to Moriarty, I’m sure.  He could have hired the assassin, but the motive is unclear.  Who did he have killed?  Who is the missing link?  Where is the missing data?  Why all the cocks?!”
Beth gasped at the lude term, nodding without letting her head or hair fall.  “Yes, ma’am.”
It was becoming more of a possibility that there would be a sacrifice to the burning flames that day.  Why keep the cards at all when there was a perfectly good fire burning right in the room?
“Johnny boy!”  Moriarty jumped up and down, rubbing at her throat gleefully.  “We don’t bite our owners.”
“God help me, I do.”
Sherlock shivered with either revulsion or desire, John could never be sure.
“Oh,” Sherlock gasped lightly, and moved until she was sitting directly in front of John, bare legs rubbing against blue jeans.  A single finger traced down John’s cheek and under her jaw, all the way to the choker necklace hanging above her collarbone.  Sherlock tugged at the lace and whispered, “Look at me.”
John slipped further up the couch, tried to take another sip of her drink, but found it hard to hold onto.   Her blood pulsed and her thighs twitched -an echo of the arousal swimming through the air, pushing itself upon anyone occupying the building.
“No!  No more!”  John grabbed the bottle from her, laughing.  “I don’t even know if you could count it as sex anyway.  With her it was mostly making out.  I did… stuff, with the other guys.”
“Hello,” Molly greeted softly, tucked a wisp of hair behind her ear and dropped her gaze once Sherlock nodded at her.
“Come here, darling.”  Moriarty cooed, “It’s alright.” Moriarty pulled John’s stunned body close and rubbed a hand up and down her back, smearing the blood into her shirt.  She turned to Stevie and whispered, “Get the help in here to clean this up.”
Knees collided with the hard floor with a loud smack.  While ducking down, John threw an arm over Sherlock, calculated how long it would take to reach her gun from the floor, and started to scan the room for threats -when she caught Sherlock smirking.
“Why, yes, John.  What a lovely idea.  I’ll grab the good whiskey.”
John closed her mouth and licked her lips, daring to look down at Sherlock, who was just as immobile as before.  She wondered if this was what she was supposed to do, if she was feigning enough interest or if the grip on her half empty glass revealed she wanted more alcohol before watching this.
The chai tea brewed as John contemplated sneaking upstairs to read the book she had been waiting to finish.  It might be romantic dribble, but it had a surprisingly interesting plot. She turned for the stairs, disregarding Sherlock altogether, until that commanding voice rang her like a bloody mobile, “John, sit.”
John’s mouth fell open and she tried to cover her silence with a drink and a nod, not understanding what was happening in the least.  Sherlock subtly elbowed her in the leg but John ignored it.  How was she supposed to know what to say?  A switch turned lights on and off.  What the hell did it have to do with anything?  If Sherlock wanted to throw her into these situations without warning, she would lay in the bed she made and like it.
“You don’t get it!”  Sherlock rolled completely around again and dropped her head in John’s lap.  “There is always something more with her.  If I haven’t connected the pieces by now, that means there is one missing, and that
polite again.  The chubby man was still at the bar, losing his attempts at flirting based on the way the girl kept recoiling.  If John knew what info they were after she could be helping Sherlock instead of awkwardly catching some guy fingering his mate’s arse in her peripheral.
“Let’s switch games,” Sherlock cheered.
Alex quickly grabbed her attention by slapping the paddle again and commanding Beth to get on her hands and knees.  The girl looked completely debauched already in the dim golden glow of the lights above.  Sweat collected at her shoulders, her hair a mess in front of her face, her entire body shaking, her last shoe barely clinging on.
John snorted.
Sherlock glanced her way and shook her head.  John waited for her to finish typing while impatiently tapping her fingers against the top of her steaming mug.  With a huff, she fell back into her seat and pulled out her phone.  Martin would appreciate knowing if she were about to go galavanting around the alleyways.
When it was only the three of them, and Stevie, of course, John decided to break the silence by reaching for her cup.
The cause of death came back in two days time, no thanks to Sherlock’s 56 text messages asking for updates.
John lifted her head slowly, still trying to get her panting under control.
John gasped again at the not-denial-so-maybe and hurried to add, “What about Greg?”
Freesia (ch5 dinner)= Innocence/Friendship
“Who?”
Exposed hip bone brushed against forearm and John jumped back to lean against the sink.  “That does get confusing for people but they shouldn’t assume.  I’m straight and you’re not interested but people think you are.  Then I get called the man or butch or whatever and then you get called a lip-something or another.  You get enough as it is.”
“No!” John screamed and spun but Richard had already slumped forward, well beyond saving.
“No,” Sherlock said, eyes squinting.  “You would look ridiculous.”
There was a moment where John contemplated taking a page out of Sherlock’s book and throwing her wine at Stevie as a distraction before diving in with the butter knife and fork.  She could at least take out an eye.
“Ian?”
John sighed and let it go, too drunk to care.  “You are playing this wrong.  Done.  Not that anyone will see unless they look.”
“I was actually thinking of going in the opposite direction.  How did they kill in the BC era?”
It was extremely motivating.
Another few days passed and the only cases available were apparently not worth Sherlock’s precious time.
“It’s a dress too, John,” she said in the tone she reserved for the extra slow.
"Honey?"
Alex noticed and hummed, picking it up.  “Alright, love.”
John sighed and tried -and failed- to tuck the phone into what little cleavage she had access too in the tightest dress on the planet, having learned the hard way that she should never carry a purse around Sherlock.  It had been pinched more than once by said Consulting Detective and used to distract both the good and bad guys as a glittery misle.  In one memorable instance, Sherlock had aimed for the open window of the passing perp’s car, missed, and thrown John’s favorite clutch complete with wallet, keys, and Harry’s birthday present directly into the Thames.
“Well I am,” John said, tipping a large glass over, sniffing it, and turning to Sherlock.  “Is this clean?”
Sherlock slunked towards her and collapsed into the kitchen chair, resting her elbow on the table and her cheek against her palm.  “Or did he kiss you sloppily, get his beard hairs in your nose -which I know you hate- and ignore the way you waited for it to be over?  Lucky you didn’t need to wait long.  It only lasted, three, maybe four minutes.  Missionary style.  Lights off.  Uncomfortable but tolerable.”
“Whose turn is it?”  John moved back to the living room and sunk in front of her chair, too dizzy to think about climbing back into it.
“Yes, you will.”
Moriarty tisked right away.  ”Oh, but I didn’t say you could eat yet.  Weren’t you listening to your Sherly?  Are you going to ignore your master’s orders?”
John chucked her mug on the countertop and glared at the tea leaves floating in the bottom.  When had they last washed all their mugs properly instead of just rinsing them out?  There were quite a few stains.
Sherlock was just as silent.
John supposed she could burn it in acid.  Sherlock would know exactly the right kind.  Maybe they could chemically melt it down and form it into a ball and then send that ball off in a rocket-like explosion.  Homemade fireworks could not be
Sherlock’s phone pinged again and John grumbled, climbing over Sherlock’s legs to reach it.
“That man has no part in this,” Sherlock spat.  “Our client simply needs us to prove his sister’s boyfriend killed their aunt.”
“Yeah,” John shrugged and giggled again.  It was so strange to be saying it aloud when she rarely let herself acknowledge it with a hand between her thighs.  Deepest and darkest was not exactly her go-to.  “I’ve always had a thing for androgynous.  They’re so…”  A passing car threw lights up and around the room, attracting John’s very hyperactive attention.  The golden streams twinkled over the mirror and spread hazy geometric patterns over Sherlock’s curving cheeks.  “Pretty.”
“Then why-” John puffed air at her bangs to get them out of her eyes.  It never worked, which was why she had originally pulled them back, “-do you get to wear that?”
The final four hits were done randomly, slowly.  Beth almost gasped aloud at every one, only barely containing herself before she rumbled a low, “Ten.”
“Starved,” John agreed happily.
“No,” Sherlock clipped her heels to a stop and enunciated extra slow.  “I’m not saying that as some generic insult.  Your mother is actually a slag.”  She gestured to his group of friends.  “She’s sleeping with your best friend there and that man there.  In fact, his fly is still down and he has her lipstick on his zipper.  So apparently, she was whoring with him this morning!”
John’s eyes widened and she gulped, her mouth snapping shut.  Clearly this night was getting away from her.  She fixed her sticking bangs again and cleared her throat.
As I pondered these questions, my muse hit me square in the chest.  She decided I had to write these words and finished the rough draft of this fic within days. This was probably too much information about my personal psyche but I could not not write it.  It is also why I couldn’t finish it for years.  This was largely about my ex fiance (see Martin/Frank) who I did break up with during the year pause of me writing this.  Some of Martin/Frank’s lines were straight out of his mouth.  (I am so grateful to me for breaking up with him!)  Because of that though, it became very difficult for me to finish.  I am now in a much better place of mind, in a much better relationship, and even though I’m sure I could improve on these last few chapters, I’m ready to leave this story in the past.
“Bye.”
John groaned, threw down her cup, and slammed her hands over her face.
Paperwork always brought out John’s darkest thoughts.  She loathed it more than anything else in the world.  It was not soothing, repetitive, and calming.  It was boring, repetitive, and mundane.  Nothing brought her more agitation than boring stacks of boring paperwork. It was like Sherlock’s black mood curled around her psyche and dragged her to the toddler tantrum level of desperation for something else to do.
Thank you so much for reading.  I love being able to share this with you.
John’s heart hammered.  She lifted her fingertips to her tingling mouth.  That took her back to uni days -drunk kisses and giggly dares.  When she caught Alex’s proud smile, she swallowed a gulp of her burning drink and tried to return it without looking too horrified.
The terrified housekeeper swept into the room a moment later with a tray full of food and drink.  Moriarty clapped her over and the poor young thing nearly tripped to get to the madwoman fast enough.  The girl locked eyes with Richard sympathetically but there was nothing she could say with Glenn right behind her.  As soon as she finished plating John’s duck she tried to run for it.
“That’s not very reassuring.”
“Experiment,” Sherlock huffed.
John rolled her eyes again.  “Yes, I can see that.  But yours moves.  I can barely sit in mine.”
John wanted to ask him who he was, what he had done to get Moriarty’s attention, if he knew about the painting, why he had duct tape over his mouth and ropes binding him to the wood, but she was sure no one in the room would answer her.  She gave him a sympathetic smile and continued to stare at her empty plate until the door to the dining room shoved open and Moriarty danced in, incomprehensible music blaring from her phone speakers.
John calculated the distance to the gun.   “Please.  He didn’t know.  Don’t do it.  Please.”
“Yeah.” John shifted closer, leaning into Sherlock so she could be heard over the music.  “It’s my first time taking Sherly here out.”  She plopped her hand down on Sherlock’s head and gave it a pat, knowing how much she hated that nickname and how much she would loath having her hair mussed up without being able to fix it.  Tiny victories.
John shook her head.
John looked at Richard.  Yes, he was probably some criminal if he was associated with Moriarty and had a mansion like this.  But he was a man who was quivering in his ropes, unable to open his eyes as he prayed in frantic whispers.
“Rubbish!”
That was Sherlock’s
“Martin,” John muttered automatically, undoing the clasp.
A puff of air pushed Beth’s blonde locks away from her face as Alex’s nail traced up her spine, up her neck, until she had her hair in a fist.  She jerked Beth’s face up and her body arched with the contact, a moan escaping her lips.
“That’s four for flinching, five for the noise.  Why don’t we round it up to an even ten?  What do you say, pet?”
Martin and she had even joked about having an open relationship one day -his point being that they were already in one with John’s attention shared by Sherlock.  However, as willing as he was to hypothetically sleep with other women, he was less willing to picture John doing the same thing with men.  The subject was dropped yet again and had not been brought up for months.
John looked up, about to ask what the hell that meant, when Sherlock’s phone screeched.
Alex’s clipped voice called to Beth.  “Dress.  Off.”
“You stayed up late last night fighting crime.  Thought you might be hungry.”  Martin winked as he dipped into his own sandwich.  He seemed to think it amusing what she and Sherlock got up to.  There was no denying results but the blog did make everything seem a bit more entertaining.
Moriarty shook her head dramatically.  “So hard to find good help these days.”  She turned to Richard.  “Though I can see why you keep her around.  Those lips must be great for mouth fucking.   Wouldn’t you say, Johnny?”
“Oh,” Sherlock cried, spinning and pounding her head into the cushions instead of banging her feet.  “You wonderfully dimwitted girl.  How I long to live in your head for only a day.  It would be a holiday!”
“I’ve told you, he’s not homophobic. He just wants people to know who he’s dating.  Saying John gets confusing.”
“Quiet, pet,” Moriarty mumbled, perfectly still, eerily unblinking at Richard.
“Person,” Sherlock said simply, as if that made any sense.
John glared up at her from the floor.
“What point,” she mumbled to herself.
hard.  Sparks flew in their kitchen all the time.
“I’ve always appreciated a good set of lips,” Moriarty hummed aloud.  She pointed to her glass and demanded, “Red.”
John chewed her bite longer than necessary, deciding what was best censored midday in her office.  Danny did a wonderful job at the front desk, but he had a way of hearing the word club from across six lanes of traffic.  One sniff of it and he would be begging her for details for months.  “Dancing, actually.  Ballroom, in a sense.”
John reached for her neck but her eyes flickered to her pocket.  She had remembered to undo the knots before bed and slipped it into her shorts.
Heliotrope (ch19 ropes) = Devotion
(See the end of the chapter for
Blood splashed over the white cloth, in his food and in his wine.  Most of the burst had landed on John’s back but she could see drops slipping down her forearm.  Horrified, she touched her face and felt hot blood smear.
“Jim,” John begged, inching her way up Moriarty’s body, her eyes on the gun hovering near Richard’s mouth.
John lifted up her hands and apologized, “Please, finish!”
will likely end up like the others any day now.”
The paddle suddenly whooshed through the air and clapped against Beth’s arse, echoing in their small corner.  John tried to breathe her beating heart back under control, shifted her legs around, and ignored the way the dress was making her sweat.
“To the point, John?”
“Cock!” Sherlock shouted loud enough to make everyone on the street jump.
Moriarty’s hand jumped to her neck and forced her back down to the plate, keeping her shoulders at an awful angle.  John hissed but said nothing.
“Good,” she purred.  “Now get on all fours and eat it like a dog.  With your mouth.  No hands.”
Sherlock rolled her eyes.  “Don’t be childish, John.  The brand of the rings holding up the assassin were the same as the ones left on the nightstand in the banker’s home.  A cherry left for us by Moriarty herself.”
“And yet you still love me.”  Martin finally stopped twitching long enough to get a bite of food for himself.
One corner of her mouth quirked up and John tensed.
John wasn’t the man to ignore such a golden opportunity when it fell right into his lap. He looked up and smiled at Will, who blinked in return.
rather than keeping me company here…”
Fortunately for her, she had the pugnacity as well as the diplomacy the job required, combined with an uncanny ability to detect her opponents’ weaknesses and to turn them to her advantage.
He turned his palm up, catching John’s fingers in his before he could pull back and giving them a small squeeze.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Anthea,” Mycroft snapped. “After the day we had, I very much doubt that…”
“Don’t try to lie to me, Sir,” Anthea said, softly shaking her head. “Or should I remind you you taught me very well in this regard? I thought not.”
He quickly undressed before bending down to pull on John’s jeans and let them slide down on the floor, removing his socks in the process.
It took him two seconds, in his still drowsy state, to identify the specific ringtone he has recorded on his phone whenever Sherlock called him – some song called “Troublemaker”. He has never bothered to read the lyrics or even to listen to it, but the title has made him smile just a little bit.
He checked his watch – 4 a.m. In spite of his efforts, he knew he has dozed off a bit before, only to be woken up by the hoot of an owl. Around him, the great city has fallen into a light slumber, its sleep only disturbed by the never-ending rumble of traffic. John slumped back against a trunk. He was only glad he didn’t have to work a shift at the clinic, he would have been useless in that case.
“John! Wait!”
Thanks again for the support and the comments, you make my day!
“Wait for me, darling. I’m off in two minutes.”
“And you love it, honey!”
You never had a lover.
And wasn’t it intriguing? John thought. To be the one to uncover this mystery, to be able to strip Sherlock of all his shields, to see his true face…
John was strong enough to keep silent when they finally succeeded in getting out of Angelo’s friendly clutches. Doing his best to ignore the laugh bubbling up inside him, he tried to keep a straight face. You can do this, Watson, he thought, not betraying how endearingly amusing he found Sherlock with his red cheeks and…
“I mean…”
A motto which fitted Sherlock like a glove, as far as John knew.
And the freedom it brought with him.
And then he remembered the last exchange of texts between him and Greg.
’s owner was referring to his past use of drugs – and how could he know that?? – but when he looked up, he saw Ross glancing quite obviously in John’s direction. He felt himself flushing and he instinctively snapped:
Ross’ cheerful voice startled him, making him jump on his seat. The bartender raised his bushy eyebrows before clicking his tongue.
“Molly…”
“It’s a yew berry,” she said before glancing at John. “I hope you didn’t intend to taste it, the seed is toxic, you know…”
“It’s
He didn’t even find the strength to hide his face in his hands.
“You’re…”
The way you got me as soon as you laid eyes on me. With your first question – “
“I’m… sorry for your loss,” he went on, wondering how the stranger on the other end of the line would react. Whatever he expected, it wasn’t “My loss?” followed by “Oh, you mean the cat!”
When everything was over, when dust has settled again at 221b, the sun setting as if nothing has changed, as if your world hasn’t been turned upside down, you found yourself on your own.
Mrs Hudson paused for breath and John took swiftly advantage of this.
Gazing at him with soulful eyes, telling him without words how much he loved him, how much he was hoping they would have a long life together.
Sherlock turned to him, his whole face the perfect picture of outrage.
Helen raised an eyebrow, his gaze turning speculating in a way John wasn’t fond of. Before he could react however, she gripped his chin with her talons and turned his head.
John gritted his teeth before trying to utter:
Both of them strolled away, a peaceful silence growing between them. It was really a nice place, John thought, observing the still blooming shrubs and bushes. He was reminded of Mrs Hudson’s words when she has talked about the garden “It helps me clearing my head, you know. I find it quite relaxing, to be honest.” She was completely right. Maybe he could take a leaf out of her book and see if it also worked for him. After all, he got nothing to lose.
“Don’t be silly,” Sherlock said against his skin, his hand still a warm weight around John’s hard, weeping cock. Damned. He has been so close…
That bold statement was immediately contradicted when he nervously ran a hand through his hair.
The furious embarrassment he has felt was fading. In its stead, a wave of indignant anger welled up within him, growing so sharp that Mycroft was trembling from head to toe.
“John…”
Have a lovely weekend!
"Yeah?" he croaked.
And shivered when he found himself the focus of Sherlock’s attention.
“It would be… welcome, actually.”
“I appreciate your concern, Mister…”
“Because, at this time of the year,” John mimicked the receptionist’s voice, “we have been lucky to find a room which was still free when we arrived here?”
Remembering at the last minute Sherlock’s fictitious name, she hissed “Will” between her teeth, not daring to attract any additional attraction.
It was completely different than when he was playing his beloved violin. During his youth, he always considered music a harsh mistress – not one who tolerated his beginner’s mistake with a lenient smile.
He laid his hands flat on John’s back – the same proprietary, sensual touch that John has already experienced in the club.
– has turned rather… heated.
“Which is a perfect solution!”
“My thoughts exactly. So be a good boy…”
“Let it go, John. Don’t hide. That’s what you asked me earlier, didn’t you?”
Sorry for such a short chapter, folks, I hope next week will be much quieter so I can sneak in some writing time :)
“You…” Sherlock hesitated, licking her lips. “You were right. I should have talked to you about it and…”
“I’m not afraid to try!” he lobbed back furiously. “I’m trying right now and it’s fucking hard! I have never felt so vulnerable in my whole life, as if I was walking around naked in the middle of a crowd and it’s crazy, completely fucking crazy, especially with what happened after you came out, I should never have done it, but he made me feel…”
As if John would only bother considering him other than this weirdo who couldn’t stop watching him.
John.
Leave it to Greg to touch the rawest nerve John has ever felt.
“Look at them! Poor little sheep bleating for love… Aren’t they pathetic?”
He was recounting one of Meriem’s amusing tales about the kitten she has recently adopted at the rescue centre when he removed his hand from his pocket a little too brusquely and sent something flying. A little red something which neatly landed on Mrs Hudson’s lap, startling her, her cup of tea clattering against the saucer’s china.
“Charming.”
Without speaking of the fact that without her, the harasser might not have been put under lock and key.
What was he waiting for… Oh!
Let’s do that, he thought, before canting his hips up and letting his date know how
He looked up at the man who didn’t know he held his heart between his hands.
“Oh, I don’t know why I bother with you, sometimes. God knows you’re already useless with women but…”
“What are… ?”
Severing gradually all the ties which still bound him up to Baker Street, the 221B and his life with Sherlock, until there was nothing left but fond memories.
’s clients.
” – you woke me up from the shadowy world in which I have tumbled since my trip back home. You gave me a way out while I was still fighting with my demons. You never let me go – not until much later, anyway.
Suddenly, the space intended for the Twitter feed, apparently linked to Sherlock’s account, which has remained still yet, came to life, attracting John’s attention.
He was slowly relaxing, sipping at his coffee, trying to make it last. If it was the last time he was here, that he was able to see John, he intended to enjoy the opportunity to its fullest. He regularly glanced at him, doing his best to ignore his friends’ knowing looks and sneering remarks.
If he couldn’t talk to her, at least, he could do things for her while she was forced to stay here. She thanked him with a smile “Well, it’s not something I would ask to anyone, but I think it might interest you… And really, John, you could do with a bit of fresh air, you’re much too pale!”
“Sherlock?”
And John was done for.
Oh dear God. Not this again.
Such a pity the speech brewing in his mind and ready to be delivered would ruin everything.
“It’s impossible.”
It seemed that Sherlock didn’t need her help.
A shrill sound echoed suddenly in the room. Sherlock felt John’s sharp intake of breath by his side, but didn’t dare looking at him.
Sherlock suddenly turned his head.
Nothing major, he had the gall to say. John shook his head, realised he was smiling.
“Child’s work, really. I can tell you right now how I deduced this and many other things about you…”
He stared at Anthea, who cheekily looked back at him, a hint of challenge glinting in her gaze.
And as if it was a perfectly reasonable explanation, he walked to the 221’s door and opened it, leaving John standing on the pavement, googly-eyed and thunderstruck.
“I can’t wait any longer,” he growled, nuzzling Sherlock’s pale neck where a hickey of respectable size was already showing. “I had to have you.”
They grinned at each other like schoolboys about to play a trick on their teacher.
“I sometimes bake whenever the opportunity arises,” Mycroft mumbled as he looked at the bacon sizzling in the pan. Greg suspected baking wasn’t the only thing Mycroft was enjoying doing in his kitchen but he preferred to keep mum about it, taking the opportunity instead to slip inside his bathroom and getting ready as fast as he decently could. Thank God his hangover was mild. He put on jeans and a blue sweater which, according to his sister who has offered it on Christmas, “brought out his eyes” and hastened to join his guest in the kitchen.
“If you’re not too busy of course!”
And remained frozen as the text appeared on the screen.
“His website?”
John took her seat back and crossed her legs, leaning as far back as she could, refusing to rub at her bruised kneecaps, all while trying not to wring Sherlock’s neck.  There really should be some form of knightship or peace prize or something earned for living with Sherlock for more than a week.  “That’s because you count cards.”
Sherlock let go and John was left to stare, wide eyed, at the empty space, thinking of nothing but the sound of a wooden paddle smacking a nearly bare arse.  Surely, she wouldn’t be thinking about making John do any of that.
If you are looking to embark on any kind of BDSM journey with a willing partner, I wish you all the best of luck (and have no trouble admitting I am a little jealous).  However, this is not your BDSM guide nor is it good research.  I wanted to depict John/Sherlock as completely terrible newbies.  In this, there are concrete BDSM rules broken and Sherlock is kind of a manipulative SOB (as you could well tell) which is NOT what you want to do.  Play is separate from life (unless otherwise specified).  However, Sherlock would totally use this as a tool, especially when such a novice, and she would not magically know exactly what to do right off the bat (genius that she is) and would honestly fuck some things up, largely including the emotional aspect.  John would trust Sherlock way too much to do her own in-depth research so she would go along with it (as she did) until she got mad (as she did).  I hope that’s enough of a disclaimer and that you find good research on all the lovely websites out there :D
Long, warm shivers racked John’s frame when he dared to imagine himself being the focus of this attention.
the real bastard everyone believed him to be.
“Don’t get your knickers in a twist, all right? I was simply enquiring about the price and…”
“No time to explain! Come!”
No. Carry on, Captain, duty calls.
How John had kissed him earlier, growling “You make me crazy” in Sherlock’s neck before touching him with a passion so intense it had made him go weak at the knees.
Molly clapped a hand on her mouth while understanding shone in her dark eyes. No doubt she realized – way too late – that Sherlock and she weren’t here for their pleasure.
“Why? Is it working?”
He wasn’t really afraid – he has seen much more dangerous on the battlefield, after all.
But what really got to him was this growly, raspy whisper
Irene winced when she remembered their attempt at apprehending the suspect. In retrospect, she could see they haven’t been subtle enough. When Sherlock and she have entered the room again, they have spotted right away the so called barman, cajoling the young woman into following him out of the building. They have tried to look unconcerned while coming closer to the bar, but the man has glimpsed them and become alarmed. Dropping all pretence, Irene has rushed in his direction, but he has swiftly reacted, pushing the young woman off her stool and sending her sprawling against Irene. She has been unable to stop herself falling, crashing to the ground and hurting herself in the process.
“Sorry, I…”
Mycroft closed his eyes.
“Breaking in a new bed with you, of course!”
“Hi Will!” Mike called out to him. “We were wondering, my friend and I…”
Her heart pulsed hard in her chest as she was scanning the crowd.
“Is it…?”
I told you “everyone but you” and I made you pay for something you weren’t guilty of.
Of course, Sherlock didn’t bother replying, pocketing the key instead before sauntering to the stairs. John smothered a sigh.
“On what?”
So, what if he hasn’t made new friends?
And finally John's POV!
“Oh my…,” she whispered.
child, as far as Dad is concerned.”
“Are you talking to inanimate objects, now?”
He can’t breathe. He can’t think. Surely he must be hallucinating the whole thing, there’s no other explanation.
“Too much information, I think…” he faintly said, looking away.
Those eyes.
No broken bones, at least.
He didn’t even hesitate when it was time to click “Send”.
John snorted.
Being watched over.
“See, that’s the difference between you and me. You would never experience all this because you’re much too afraid to try. You prefer hiding what you are, even to yourself. And that’s fine, but don’t expect me to let you cry on my shoulder when you feel like it.”
Complying with her request, John told her the latest news about the community garden and the volunteer team. He tried to get lost into the most mundane events of her lives, chatting about the projects that Hussein wanted to organise next year. But his thoughts kept gravitating back towards what he has discovered in the mailbox. More than once he opened his mouth to reveal it to his landlady. No doubt she could give him some interesting insight into this gift and what it meant – if it was supposed to mean something. But some unknown instinct held him back.
He was about to join his madman of a friend when he felt his mobile vibrating in his pocket. He pulled out the phone, looking at the message he just received.
“This monstrosity, as you call it, cost me twenty quids!”
He remained rooted to the spot before rushing to the door.
“Everybody is. But you? You’re
A steely glint was shining in her gaze.
This man craved action, Sherlock realized.
“I want you completely naked on your bed,” he said, licking Sherlock’s feverish skin before stealing another heated kiss. “You will lie spread-eagled, blindfolded, already trembling because you don’t know what to expect.”
She tried doing the same with Mrs Hudson, but the old lady wasn’t so easily deterred.
On the front door on the driver’s side someone has carved three letters.
His palms were clammy with sweat, but for once, he didn’t think of wiping them on his trousers. He ran them instead through his wild hair – a visit to the hairdresser was long overdue, but would John like him with short hair?
She sighed. Not her most glorious moment, she thought.
Sherlock steeled himself for another version of “It has been nice meeting you but now I have to dash off so goodbye”.
Being nice to the overly curious or stupid neighbours, especially when they didn’t catch the drift and leave him alone.
After the sweaty, electric atmosphere of the club, finding himself in the back seat of a London cab was putting quite a downer on John’s excitement.
- flow over him.
Sherlock’s dark, low voice would be the death of him.
“Come with me,” he whispers, his hands stroking the strong planes of John’s back. “Come with me and I’ll give you the show of your life.”
He wasn’t as smart as the Holmes brothers – they were in a category on their own – but despite what Sherlock firmly implied every time Greg asked for his help, he wasn’t a complete idiot. The current expression on Mycroft’s face clearly gave him to understand that Mycroft, if he had been alone when he had been notified of Greg’s visit, wouldn’t have agreed to let him come up here.
“I’m sorry, Sir, for this incident. But it’s nearly time for the gentlemen to rotate seats, so I’m sure you may already move on to the next person…”
“Only if you show me yours.”
John smothered a grin. In all truth he couldn’t deny the woman – “Patricia” if the label pinned to her low-cut top was to be believed – had great poise. And a smile as sharp as a scalpel.
If only you knew, they seemed to say.
Instead he softly asked
Irene froze.
A step forward.
He has never believed it could happen to him either – and in the sultry atmosphere of a gay club to boot. He swallowed hard, completely unable to look away from Sherlock.
Sherlock stared dumbly at the words appearing on the screen.
Maybe – just maybe – if he still had his childhood mind’s focus, he could have known with absolute certainty if John has truly made a move earlier, when they were both on top of that wall, as if he wanted…
He concealed the mobile in his pocket just in time – John looked back at him, a small smile still on his face. He didn’t say anything else, but he didn’t need to after all.
“First of all, you didn’t ruin everything, okay? Granted, neither Sherlock nor I thought you would be here tonight…”
When she met Sherlock, she immediately knew he was different. Brutally honest, a mind driven by curiosity and thirst for knowledge, he seemed to consider her as a colleague, someone who could help him. As if he didn’t see her quiet, demure nature but only her cleverness when she was dealing with the bodies entrusted to her care.
“You’re the most despicable human being I’ve ever had the misfortune to meet,” Sherlock growled behind her.
“Oh John, are you sure that…”
Joan has never felt like such a fool before.
“You see, I’m a plot holder in this community garden and it brings its share of duties. Of course, I know that a volunteer can replace me for the next weeks, but I wouldn’t like to give them even more work, they’re already snowed under at the moment… So, would you mind terribly if I put your name down for some of the weekly chores?”
There he was – demobbed soldier, patientless doctor.
What happened during John's speed-dating seance - and my answer to the fat shaming which has taken place in "Sherlock".
She stopped and took a deep breath. In an unfamiliar show of restraint, Sherlock didn’t urge her to speak, focusing instead his attention on her.
Constantly looking for one another, helping each other, caring for each other in such a way that left him baffled and quite a bit jealous – something he spared no pains to conceal from everyone and especially his brother.
It struck him as a very weird idea. Even when he was a child, living in a house with a garden, he didn’t remember any of his parents gardening. Hell, he couldn’t even remember his Dad mowing the lawn.
John felt his whole face heat up. Sherlock has only stated the truth in bare, neutral terms. He hasn't made a mock of John's behaviour nor has shown any anger towards him. His words pierced John's heart all the same, filling him with shame and guilt.
She snorted.
He groaned.
, his mind told him before Greg ordered him to shut up.
The stranger’s dulcet tones reached her ears even before Joan reached the top of the stairs.
John felt warmth spreading across his whole being, his skin tingling with need, with the unstoppable desire to touch the man he has fallen for a long time ago. He didn’t even realize he has knelt down before Sherlock until he had to raise his hand to put a gentle finger under Sherlock’s chin.
He hasn’t really believed that Sherlock would be hidden here under his very nose, has he?
His other hand stroked John’s belly, his pecs, pinching a nipple. John gasped, pleasure running through his veins in a heady wave. He didn’t realize a string of “Please” was coming from his mouth.
“Oh no, you don’t get to hide, Mister…”
He would leave all of this behind and wouldn’t it be for the best, he thought, trying to ignore the pain spreading across his chest at this very thought.
He absentmindedly ordered his usual – tall coffee, home blend.
“You mean… You like
Sherlock nodded, staring at his friend, trying to see whatever was hidden from him.
Ten minutes after having walked in the club, John had to face the facts.
He automatically nodded, his mind already focused back on the fight he was currently having with the old roots.
"I thought... It wasn't you."
“Sher… I can’t…”
Instead he heard, whispered in an acid voice:
“What do you mean, ‘you need my help’? Dear Lord, John, don’t tell me it’s one of those “you better rush to the rescue” kind of calls! I’m not your permanent “bail me out of jail” card, I have better things to…”
I know, Ella, you told me weeks ago to stop with the self-reproach. It’s not your fault, John, and all the rot you feel compelled to say under similar circumstances. You don’t realise I’m heartily sick of all that.
He could already imagine in his mind’s eye how he could let Mycroft in, not only in his bed or his kitchen, but in his everyday life. How both of them could build something together – something nice and tender, something to be cherished and nourished in the intimacy of their home. Something which would defy everyone’s expectations, which would resist every attempt at labelling it or giving it a name.
“A patently obvious homophobe using a safe marketed by the family of this infamous law’ author? Can’t really be a coincidence… John, can you look on your phone when this has been implemented?”
Yes, he was infatuated, yes, he had a crush, yes, he has been obvious.
“I may be a right wanker as you so crudely put it,” Sherlock broke in, accentuating the sibilant sounds in his indignation, “but I’m not the one playing with other people’s feelings.”
He went directly upstairs, in his room, doing his best to ignore the shivers still racking his frame as well as the unsettling feeling his discovery at the garden this morning has left him. He unlocked the little safe where he kept a few of his belongings as his passport and grasped his old Browning. He checked that the gun was still loaded, his fingers lovingly stroking the cold steel, before putting it in his holster. John instantly felt a bit better.
He spent many nights plotting, drawing up plans which were reduced to ashes at first light.
"Yeah," Sherlock exhaled, his breath grazing gently John's cheek. He cleared his throat.
“God yes,” John growled before pressing himself against Sherlock, who was pushed against the wall. He retaliated by draping his arms around John’s neck and drawing him closer.
What mattered – what has
Irene was observing with great amusement the former soldier on her left staring hungrily at Sherlock, while her friend remained perfectly oblivious to the eye-fucking he was currently receiving.
“Are you ready to come home with me, John Watson?”
“He asked me about you, you know. Trying to worm information out of me.”
Sherlock seemed to hesitate before exhaling loudly, as if he was taking a great risk, and holding out his hand to John.
His initials.
“Mrs Hudson, I don’t…”
What John intended to do in this case was unclear, but the emotion rising in his gaze was transparent for Sherlock’s eyes.
“… then afterwards we’ll burn it down in Mrs Hudson’s backyard.”
“Sherlock!” he cried out.
“He’s over there,” he said before sliding off in the shadows.
“Sherlock…”
He bit his tongue. It would have been useless to retort that no bed would be large enough to accommodate the three of them – Sherlock, John and the cumbersome, bordering-on-maddening crush John got on his flatmate/friend/fucking crazy genius I can’t live without (all of three mentions being perfectly applicable, thank you very much).
Nothing has changed during the few seconds which have elapsed.
He had to wait till he discovered the gay clubs to discover that this rule wasn’t set in stone.
[Forbid you expressly to inform Mycroft of this. SH]
He felt rather than saw John swallowing hard.
Acting on an impulse he refused to examine at the moment, John got up, grabbed his dressing gown and dashed downstairs. He only had eyes for the two objects on the coffee table – the little wooden car and the bouquet of forget-me-nots that he has finally arranged in a vase after some hesitation.
She stood up again, revealing her body to Joan’s gaze - the long neck, the small and slender breasts, the flat belly, the ridges of her hipbones without forgetting the dark bush of hair between her legs.
Mycroft’s face darkened but he didn’t say anything.
“Well, unless you count the explosion last week. It
This very idea startled him into laughter.
The former soldier’s smile turned positively wolfish.
He didn’t belong here.
Sherlock frowned at this interruption.
“In fact,” Sherlock whispers “it’s more than fine.”
“What the fuck are you doing here?”
He closed the door in a rush, ignoring the gleam of discomfort in Sherlock’s gaze.
He lightly brushed his fingers against what has been left. A Cheshire’s grin bloomed on his lips. He could practically feel John, who was observing him, vibrating with excitement and trepidation.
You knew, then.
It’s nothing.
Before he could utter a single word though, he heard “John?”
He rubbed some warmth back into his fingers, silently cursing the cold weather at this time of the year. He knew that he has condemned himself to several sleepless nights, sitting in this hideout, and for a result of which he couldn’t be certain.
And she certainly did, licking Joan’s sex, teasing her clit, fingers stroking her opening.
Mycroft, you devious little thing, he thought. You’ve just offered me what I was looking for on a silver platter.
“Even Mrs Hudson?”
at the man.
“Out with it,” Sherlock growled at him.
If he hadn’t noticed the voice dripping with sarcasm, the bitter smirk on Sherlock’s lips would have clued him in.
Dousing him into cold water would have done the same impression. John froze on the spot, snapping back to reality while his heady arousal was swiftly replaced with nauseating fear.
And if he wanted to get in touch with him – his heart leapt at this idea – why would he have done so in such a confusing way?
“Call you Ice man… Mmmm… Let me find out exactly how icy you are…”
John definitely didn’t wince when he heard the familiar comfort colouring Lestrade’s voice.
“If I take your point, you’re here for… investigating someone?”
A soft click. Light is out.
John glanced at Sherlock, who was still exploring the garden’s treasures, leaping about from one complex machine to another. He shook his head when he saw Sherlock setting foot inside… Was it some kind of a tank?
Why not, after all? Every day you see hearts breaking, friendships crumbling, supposed “mates” betraying one another. You observe the cracks in the
And before Sherlock could even protest, he was gone.
His unexpected guest shook his head.
John snorted.
A man having lost his dearest friend.
He realized – too late – that he has shouted, effectively “making a scene” as Mycroft would have said. Every head turned in his direction. Every gaze peering at him, asking what was wrong with him.
still whispering in John’s mind, desperate to be heard.
He was about to jump back in his seat, putting on his most indifferent face in a desperate attempt at salvaging things as best as he could – he could pretend, he could forget, he could ignore his heart screaming his refusal – when he glimpsed John’s little smile.
To think that at this moment he could have been safely ensconced in his armchair, within the walls of their flat, bickering with Sherlock over his own New Year’s plan (he didn’t have any, except for spending it at 221b, but he hasn’t told Sherlock yet) and secretly loving each minute of it while pretending to huff and puff faced with Sherlock’s arguments – “Why would you bother going out for overpriced meals and a few fireworks, hum?”
“Take it off.”
"The very idea of his friend declaring his love to him was completely ridiculous. Even more so by offering him flowers.
“Says the man who is never on time to fill in Lestrade’s paperwork…”
Joan asked with as much patience as she could muster right now “Sherlock, what are you doing?”
Even joining the volunteer team at the Community Garden, as Mrs Hudson suggested earlier. Something to keep him busy at any rate.
A feeling which is reinforced when he kneels next to her and whispers in her ear “Rosie, if you put on this dress and let Daddy take a nice pic of you…”
It was only later, when he laid sprawled on his sofa, amusing himself with the news headlines about the Copper Killer – he was even mentioned in some of them! He should send them to Mycroft – that he discovered he has one unread text on his mobile.
Even lost as she was in the feelings storming their way in her heart, Joan couldn’t miss Sherlock’s bitter half-smile. An expression she knew only too well. In this world where women were constantly at risk of being downplayed by their male counterparts, especially if they didn’t fit into the usual mould, Sherlock was sticking out like a sore thumb.
“Don’t tell me you haven’t noticed it? For sure it isn’t quite as impressive as some older specimens, but…”
Sherlock gave a deep sigh before pulling out of his pocket something John instantly recognized.
A sharp kick in the shin snapped him out of his daze.
He raised both hands.
They stood there looking at each other, each of them resolute in not giving in, until Greg suddenly broke the silence, laughing a bit helplessly.
What was it saying? Greg wondered, alarmed. It couldn’t leave! Not so soon, anyway!
Sherlock caught him before he could even think he was falling.
“Has anyone ever told you how infuriating you…” she cries out, turning round.
in his chest.
A screech of pure despair has echoed then in the flat – Mrs Hudson has been so badly startled she has dropped her whole porcelain tea set on the floor, which resulted in two weeks of silently furious landlady and no offerings of any kind for the 221b.
John shot him a hopeless glance, as if he couldn’t decide which word to use. And the confusion was written all across his face. A face that Sherlock has never found more beautiful than right at this moment. An insane, delirious madness fizzled in his veins, in his mind, suffusing his heart with such warmth Sherlock couldn’t resist.
“I can’t… tell you… any fantasy…I might have…”
“And why, exactly, did you do that? Especially if your father’s name is well known in the artistic world… It should have helped in your line of work, shouldn’t it?”
She stared at him for a while before shaking her head and letting out a small laugh.
“He was a serial rapist. Operating in Clapham and Brixton, going out with women, making them talk, playing the part of Prince Charming before attacking them in their homes a few days later.”
At the other end, he heard Greg laughing.
She gripped Sherlock’s sleeve, pulling him along.
“John!”
His friend has glanced at him, his puzzled frown giving way to an expression John has never seen yet on Sherlock’s sharp features – annoyed resignation.
Strong fingers suddenly gripped his chin, forcing him to turn his head towards Irene.
Sherlock, he would find out the truth soon enough – waving his arms in the air and screaming at him “Look at me!”
[Give me ten minutes, okay? I’m trying to find your bloody tea.]
She tried her best to ignore this feeling and focused instead on her distraught companion.
Sherlock must have felt his unease. How could he be already so attuned to his moods? He felt a wave of deep affection –
And speaking of Sherlock… When he has first met him, he hasn’t really paid attention to his appearance. He has noticed the man was taller than him - which wasn’t that unusual, with his own 5’7 feet – but at that time, he has been more spooked by the blood covering him.
What was Sherlock thinking? Flirting shamelessly with his soldier instead of focusing on their case… Or rather, she thought, he wasn’t thinking with his brain. It was the whole problem.
Death.
“More’s the pity. You were stunning, darling.”
John didn't answer, his loaded gaze promising a swift retribution when they'll be alone. Sherlock winked at him.
Like the woman wearing it.
“Seriously? Why are we here then if you’re not going to try repairing the damage I’ve done?”
Or else he should find another place of employment very soon.
John fought the temptation to lick his lips and let his appreciation show on his face. Besides, Sherlock’s current expression didn’t lead him to believe that flirting would be welcome right now.
To which punishment she has sentenced herself - telling lies until she was utterly sick of them. Keeping the truth from the ones who most needed it.
“You must believe me…”
“I’ve still got a couch in my living room. And you won’t have to share it with me!”
The perfect scenery to help him putting his mind at ease while he was waiting for his prey.
he was.
Leaving Johnny behind, when he was forced to hear the others’ derisive comments and laughs.
“I want to hear them.”
“No. I didn’t fit the profile he was looking for in women. But he couldn’t resist the temptation of spending a few hours with me, on the pretext of consulting me on a case, so he could boast afterwards that I haven’t seen him for what he really was. That I was some kind of fraud.”
“Mister Holmes,” a female voice said, “if you’re quite finished playing with our precious small-scale models, can I ask you to come to my office right now? It’s getting late and we’ve quite a few things to discuss.”
“Let me go now. Could be dangerous for you if we are seen together” the young man carried on. However, he didn’t seem especially afraid, even with a gun under his nose. John tried to regain the upper hand.
“Sorry… You’re right, I shouldn’t keep you longer, it’s late and you’re tired…”
Again.
Only then he got up, dried himself off, put on a dressing gown and left the bathroom.
“Oh, is he?” the illusion countered, observing Greg’s advance with an anxious eye. He didn’t go away though.
They were both trembling, gripping each other’s hand as if they were both lost at sea, this link between them the only lifeline they had.
I know, another chapter heavy with angst... Don't kill me please :)
He gasped again when he felt blunt digits on his arse, slipping between his buttocks until they have found their target.
How has this stranger known his name? How could he have quoted so perfectly Sherlock’s words to him? How was he so well informed?
If Molly has ever dreamt of the kind of reunions that romcoms were fond of, this illusion promptly shattered as she came closer. The man in front of her seemed to have aged 10 years in a few weeks – his bloodshot gaze, his hunched shoulders barely hiding the compulsive trembling that shook his whole frame without speaking of the large, bluish bruise blooming on his left cheek… And she could easily guess which other injuries remained hidden under his nondescript clothes.
Instead of being reassured, Molly looked away, a worried frown still on her face. It wouldn’t do at all, Irene thought. She caught Molly’s hand in hers, ignoring the thrill running through her veins at this touch.
They were giving themselves to the other.
receipts. The best part is that I didn’t get a chance of telling him one word before he started babbling about Everett!”
“First, gentlemen, thank you for coming so swiftly here,” she said, pouring each of them a glass of wine – because apparently you couldn’t visit the Loire valley without tasting the regional products. Sherlock has only shrugged when she has offered, ignoring the fondly exasperated gaze John directed at him.
) while you were brooding (“
He was looking for something else.
Sherlock remained impassive but his mind was buzzing with the familiar excitement the prospect of an interesting case always provoked.
It was nerve-wracking.
Sherlock’s exploration – John glanced at him.
So right.
No one, his mind whispered.
“John?”
Elation because, no matter who his secret admirer turned out to be – John took care never to look at him in the eye, he didn’t want to encourage him after all – it was always nice to be admired from afar and to find himself the focus of such attention.
It was pitch-dark inside. The door’s handle bumping into his back, John felt his way along the wall, moving a few feet away before standing still. The familiar weight of his holster at his side gave him at least some comfort. He was already stretching his hand out, looking for the switch, when he heard it.
The owner beamed with pride before heartily slapping Sherlock on the back, making him stumble in his seat. John tried to hide his smile behind his hand – to no avail, it seemed, considering how his date was currently glowering at him.
“Why did you come here?” he broke the uncomfortable silence between them. “Was it just to try to get back at me or…?”
He frowned. He didn’t mean to sound so… juvenile about it, as if he still was a 14-year-old daydreaming about it (and soiling his sheets in the morning.)
He didn’t intend to kill anyone – he wasn’t stupid enough to think that he could get away with murder, even with Greg’s eventual support – but neither did he want to be unarmed when the time has come to fight for his life.
“You’re sure you’re not ready to try something else?” Ross asked. “A little spoon of honey can go a long way in sweetening your daily life!”
“It’s still on the table, you know,” he added.
You never had a friend.
Gosh.
What was Sherlock playing at? Mycroft wondered, frankly annoyed.
“I’m sorry, Mrs Hudson, I didn’t listen…”
“You’re a right wanker, sometimes.”
Mycroft-illusion sighed.
“No. You’ll hear me first. Don’t worry, it shouldn’t take long. You’ll still have time to make eyes at your little student if you want. Not that you seem very successful with him.”
Sherlock abruptly pulled back but before John could protest, he raised one slim leg, effectively straddling John.
He couldn’t – shouldn’t – care about it.
“Leave me alone!”
The affection in Mrs Dubusson’s gaze was shining so brightly Sherlock finally looked away, not so much affected by the intimacy between the two women than by the prospect of never experiencing it with the man he was pining for. He shook his head. Now was not the time to entertain such thoughts, not when there was a mystery to solve and…
What we still have, despite our mutual efforts to destroy it.
“I’m afraid I must disabuse you of this assumption, doctor Watson. It still happens that works by famous artists that we believed lost long ago or that we didn’t even know they existed suddenly resurface, whether because they have been hidden in dusty attics or stolen by unscrupulous people.”
“You all right?” Harry suddenly asked, raising one eyebrow in concern. And this gesture was so familiar, reminding him of all the times Harry has been there for him, watching over him, lending a sympathetic ear to all his pre-teen troubles, that he could have wept right now.
“Of course,” he muttered when opening the phone.
“Sorry, Sir. Only one bed. But if it is any comfort to you, it’s a
He let out a tired groan.
She was talking nonsense, she knew it, but she couldn’t help but lashing out at her friend.
Today is our anniversary. The only one which truly matters.
“Hey!”
“You make me sound like some kind of alien,” John has grumbled.
“But then,” John cut him off, “I’m sure there would be plenty of people at that reception.
“You want an engraved invitation or is it enough?”
Mike shook his head while glancing at him, not looking very impressed.
It slowly got better. Eyes shining a little bit brighter, laughter echoing louder within the walls. Lestrade calling you, Mycroft meddling as always and Hudders watching both of you with a familiar twinkle in her eyes.
him?” he has asked, his eyes nearly bulging with surprise.
“How do you appreciate me, John?” he whispered in his ear. “As your beloved friend or…”
“What would you prefer? Tell me.”
She raised an eyebrow, as if she could read his mind.
And that was fine, Joan has thought. She has already accepted Sherlock the way she was - her brilliant mind, her unwillingness to observe social niceties, her rash impatience. Every feature that other people – even Sherlock’s own sister – considered as annoying, even horrifying, Joan succeeded in appreciating them.
Before turning her back on his associate, she saw Sherlock doing the same with his love interest, whispering a few words in the soldier’s ear.
“What a perfect loss of time. I… I must go, we should talk later.”
John felt a vicious thrill when the suspect stiffened beneath him.
Arms crossed over her chest, Sherlock has lapsed into a sullen silence, which only succeeded in enraging Joan further.
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John frowning at Mrs Dubusson before looking away. He felt hope fluttering his delicate wings in his chest, knowing that, regardless of the true nature of his feelings concerning Sherlock, John always kept a jealous watch over him.
I'm afraid what was intended as a short, funny story at the beginning might end up being quite a little longer than expected... So, my apologies, dear readers, Muse had a mind of its own, it seems!
“Listen Lestrade,” he said in the most cutting voice he could muster, “I need to know which “bastard” you’re both speaking of.”
“If you still want it, I’m rather in the mood to be your guinea-pig.”
His low voice was punctuated by the rhythmic tap of his fingernails against his empty glass.
A promise he has broken tonight.
John’s face was completely blank as Sherlock expected.
“And who are you?”
It used not to bother him, this kind of voluntary isolation, but then, he had Sherlock by his side.
And Sherlock soon followed her with a shout.
Her fingers threaded into Sherlock’s curly hair, fingernails lightly grazing her scalp, while her other hand was delicately stroking her jaw.
Well, it didn’t really matter, he thought as he hit the “Redial” option. Sherlock would hear of him now, whether he wanted it or not.
“Yes, please!” John cried out, sticking his arse out, desperate to finally get the release he so desired.
“You see but you do not observe, don’t you?”
Anyone else in this situation would have cowered – John knew how to be intimidating.
“Hey.”
Sherlock dropped his gaze to the box on the desk before glancing back at John. The only silver lining in this situation was that the same frustration Sherlock was feeling was written all over John’s face. However, a small smile quirked up his lips when he saw Sherlock observing him.
“It’s your fault, you know. Why couldn’t you let her watch a Disney film, heh?”
He suddenly glimpsed John, still restraining the suspect.
“Yes, we can. I want you, Sherlock, but most of all, I want this, this something we’ve always ignored until now. Just… tell me that if anything arises, if you don’t feel comfortable… You’ll tell me. Tell me you’re not going to hide yourself from me anymore.”
A voice cackled in his mind.
“God… You make me crazy,” Sherlock moaned.
“Besides, Detective Inspector, I don’t think the criminal cases you’ve currently got on your plate could truly arouse Sherlock’s interest.”
“I fell in love with you, that’s what happened. You’re my friend, my partner, my confidante. My caretaker, if Mycroft is to be believed…”
“John, I’m afraid to say you’re completely delusional.”
“Oh please. As if you didn’t keep an eye on me all the time!”
“Oh. Yeah, if you say so…”
No. What completely mesmerised him was the sight of John, drinking at the bar and laughing with his friends.
“Dance. With. Me,” he repeated.
Only when he was satisfied with his progress, his sweaty clothes clinging to his skin, did he think to check his mailbox – or rather Mrs Hudson’s. Hussein has shown him, next to the tea hut, the neat little row of wooden mailboxes, which have been created last spring during a series of workshops with the children of the neighbouring schools. Every plot holder got one and the volunteer team used them to leave messages, leaflets for the next meetings and so on. John unlocked his, taking out a small bundle of documents and promising himself to check more often in the future.
Sherlock first stared at him, surprised and a bit astonished. But John saw his expression change, mirroring the one John knew was written all over his face.
God. The way he said his name…
“Joan is not interested. And now we shall leave.”
She has lied, she has betrayed her friends’ trust in her and for what? For the illusion of Sherlock’s friendship?
He has no way to be certain, but he could have sworn that Sherlock has said those words with a wink.
(Well, you didn't think I would forget the smutty part, did you? ;)
! I’m so happy for you, really” Angelo went on speaking, not noticing Sherlock swiftly raising his head and staring wide-eyed at him. “I still remembered when…”
“You’re not going to ask me if I’m okay with you being bi, right? Because it would just be insulting, mind you.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
He focused all his attention on the only human being who has caught him heart and soul.
"I... I couldn't let you go, after all. I... I don't want to."
“Okay. And if I win…”
“That’s how you imagine them?” she teased, pinching and rolling a nipple between her fingers.
John barely heard Mrs Hudson’s description. He was sure it was amazing, but how could he focus on Sherlock’s words while every sense of his got slowly but surely inflamed under the man’s touch?
“A double bed room, then?” he tried again.
“I know!”, John brutally snapped, his anguished voice echoing around them. He ran both hands through his short hair, turning it even more spiked than it already was. It would have been an endearing sight under other circumstances, Sherlock thought. Right now, he just felt numb, as if he was teetering on the edge of a ravine, ready to fall down. What a fool he has been. So sure that what he was feeling was mutual, that John was only waiting for a move, a clue, a sign…
John already knew. Everyone already knew.
But it didn’t mean that he couldn’t open another door.
And as if this word wasn’t clear enough, he caught again Sherlock’s fingers in his, gently squeezing them; Sherlock couldn’t help letting out a small gasp when he felt John’s thumb lightly stroking the back of his hand. John’s blue gaze turned indigo as he stared at Sherlock’s mouth. The detective felt his heartbeat swiftly increasing.
His lips brushed against John’s cheek.
A mischievous twinkle appeared in Hussein’s eyes.
Sherlock had snarled then he had already mastered these skills, thank you very much. Of course it had been a brazen lie and Mycroft knew it, the smug bastard.
“It all depends on your performance, then,” Greg replied cheekily, already leaning in.
“Okay, but don’t take too long, otherwise I’ll go without you!” the woman answered.
“My wife’s, actually.”
Unable to resist the pull any longer, he strode forward until he was close enough to feel John’s warmth. He delicately took his hands in his, warming them up.
“That’s the least I can offer, especially when it appears you’ve watched over me all night…”
“I told you it won’t work.”
Friend, flatmate, faithful sidekick.
Greg rubbed vigorously his bleary eyes before opening them once again.
Mrs Hudson. The 221A. The chair’s back under his fingers – and when exactly has he started to lean on it, as if he needed a material support, something real to keep himself from drifting away in the past?
With renewed energy, he started methodically searching the whole flat for the letter. The letter he should never have written. The only weakness he couldn’t leave behind when he will move on. The idea that some stranger could come upon it, discover his most personal thoughts and feelings concerning Sherlock… It was unthinkable.
“Don’t talk about him!”
Be aware that a smutty scene is coming your way, hence the newly-upgraded status of this story.
However, it wasn’t foolproof.
“I was expelled from his office in thirty seconds flat. (He heard Greg gulping down what was surely a bottle of his favourite beer.) Got to say his bodyguards really knew their job.”
He caught Sherlock’s gaze, seductive mischief dancing in his eyes.
I can’t seem to let you go, you mad bastard.
If John has been caught in Sherlock’s orbit, feeling the permanent pull like a magnet, Sherlock was finding himself unable to resist as well.
“Rosamund Molly Watson! If you don’t put on this dress and look at the camera right now, I swear there’ll be no more Oreos for dessert, you understand?”
Take care, you all <3
“One second, please.”
With the last button undone, she tenderly removed Sherlock’s blouse. Then she looked up and admired her lover – flushed skin, red, swollen mouth, panting for breath, looking at Joan like she has never seen someone so wonderful.
“…delete our whole chat and hurry up. That’s not polite to keep a lady waiting, you know.”
“That’s what you get for snooping into my phone. Besides, how did you deduce…”
He should have walked away.
He has even set up a brand-new website, for God’s sake, establishing himself as “consulting detective”, taking over boldly this title while proving he was worth it on the field.
John let out a small sigh. What was he trying to do, piecing together the elusive clues left by his mysterious stalker? He was no sleuth, and certainly not able to hold a candle to Sherlock’s deductive reasoning.
Sherlock couldn't believe something so small and so fleeting in appearance could reveal itself to be so important. So vital to his well-being.
He could already imagine Helene, Dave and the others laughing their heads off while sending him a text.
But he had to acknowledge it was becoming more and more difficult to keep a clear head around Sherlock.
He looked away. There, he has said it. It was quite ironic to think that, no matter how many times he has made this coming-out, it never got easier.
Why would have Sherlock faked his death?
“Careful, it nearly sounds like a compliment.”
But John didn’t want to talk. He only wanted to lie on his bed, curled up under the covers and to forget. To delete everything about what he has been forced to see.
“He wasn’t supposed to see you!” Sherlock suddenly cried out, banging her fist on the table.
John stared, completely dumbfounded, at the vision which was dancing in front of him.
Thoroughly humiliated, Sherlock fought the impulse to bury his face in his hands. He met instead Mycroft’s faintly amused gaze and spat out every word.
Flatmates. Friends. Partners in crime – or rather in the fight against it.
He took a deep breath before whispering “I don’t normally do this.”
She got closer, nearly coming face to face with him.
“He is. My father is Antonio Palmeri and I’m sure you have already come across his name once or twice. He has gained a bit of reputation among Renaissance experts and besides, he likes to speak to the media. He’s a popular man in his branch.”
or playing on your violin. I missed the glances we stole at each other, the delicious uncertainty permeating our flat of Baker Street, that feeling of
‘And to think I promised you a show…”
He must be quite mad to imagine such a thing, Greg mused, but it was a madness he has come to accept quite a long time ago, since he came out of his first meeting with his Pompousness a bit awestruck and burning with the fierce desire to get to know the man.
He couldn’t believe it wasn’t meant for him.
“But… and… You’re…” he stammered.
“I’ve told you – that’s for you to discover. By the way, did you enjoy the gifts? Those were the last ones, you know. After that you’re on your own.”
And he ran out of the pub.
And thank God it was a common enough name, in case of his nutter revealing himself to be a serial killer, after all.
“Oh. Dear.”
Her forefinger was stroking the curve of Sherlock’s breast, slipping under the lace just enough to tease.
“Oh, I assure you I tell you the truth,” Mycroft whispered, getting slowly up while taking care not to let go of Greg’s hand. He gave a gentle tug at his sleeve and Greg obeyed without question, heart already pounding in his chest as he let Mycroft draw him closer.
The one whose sister was, you know…
He turned his head in the direction of Johnny’s friends, who have remained mercifully oblivious of his extended absence, before glancing back at him.
John bit his lip, his thumb hovering over the “Answer” option.
Sherlock was asking for permission.
“And I keep telling you, that’s Sherlock we’re talking about,” Greg thwarted him with ease. “A true genius, but not when feelings are concerned. That’s uncharted territory for him, you’ll have to guide him through it…”
“Oh, shut up,” John grumbled, “I bet you kept your eyes glued to your mobile screen until now!”
“It’s on me this time.”
“John…”
He should definitely have waited for their flat’s intimacy before provoking Sherlock into answering him. But Sherlock seemed to be a roll, his deep voice echoing in the whole carriage.
“Sorry. My wife’s always saying when I start talking about the garden, I cannot keep my trap shut about it!”
A master who was now conspicuously absent.
“Shhh. (Greg pulled back a little, looking up at this ravishing Mycroft.) Shouldn’t wake the neighbours.”
Silence between them has been most awkward, until John has broken it with a humourless little laugh.
’s inner layout.
“Mike!”
“Don’t worry, bro,” Harry told him, eyes glinting with fake amusement, “I can perfectly pretend I don’t know you if we ever met in the local Tesco.”
Greg raised an eyebrow, stifling the smile threatening to bloom on his lips. He wanted to tease the man, not to get him to run for the hills.
Oh.My.God.
But for the better, this time.
And soon-to-be lover.
So, without thinking too much about what he was about to do, he got up, put both hands on Mycroft’s desk and leaned in until he could have kissed the man.
“Right. My apologies, Detective Inspector, I’m afraid I must take my leave now. (The illusion gathered again the umbrella he has put against the sofa.) I hope you won’t suffer too much in the morning.”
Certainly not drunk.
“Which bit, specifically? Because I remembered saying a lot of things to you tonight…”
If you could see me now, I’ve no doubt you’ll be frowning before telling me once again that it’s over, that you forgave me, that’s it’s all right between us.
John turned on his right side, facing his lover.
Sherlock hasn’t come back from the dead.
“No, it isn’t! Stop behaving like a child and get out of your room! We’re going to be late!”
Oh, yes, he has replied aloud, not even being aware of that fact, it was good, very good, it was ecstasy right now, as he wanked into oblivion, his left hand a blur on his cock, watching his fantasy of Sherlock panting his pleasure, moaning his desire for John – “Harder, please, harder!” – sweat beading on his brow, his whole body trembling with the effort, his need to come swirling along out of his control until sweet, blessed release has come.
“Ladies and gentlemen, welcome! Please take your seats. The Great Dating Game is about to begin!”
He winked at Bes.
He only had time to step back before a loud crash occurred against the wooden door. A small part of John’s mind deduced – successfully – that the night lamp on Sherlock’s – which has become theirs, since their trip in France – has not survived his owner’s ire.
And John was certainly eager to give it.
How many times has she found her on her doorstep with a casserole dish and a ready smile – “I hope you like lamb stew!”?
Joan stared at her open-mouthed before standing up, fury raising its ugly head in her heart. Before she could utter a word, Sherlock resumed, not looking at her.
He wasn’t alone.
Molly, who was standing next to her and watching her out of the corner of her eye.
During a fleeting moment, the memory of a dark heated gaze danced before him while a warm voice whispered in his ear
Hearing Sherlock’s completely wrecked voice, John looked up.
easy.”
Edging her way through the flow of participants, who for the most part were chatting and laughing together, Irene was striding towards Sherlock like a missile which has finally found its target.
You will remind me of the anger management classes I’ve attended directly after I’ve helped you rebuilding and renovating the flat at 221b, Baker Street.
But would Sherlock want the same thing?
Sally’ angry face danced before his eyes. In a sense, he could understand why she was so angry with him. No doubt she has done her very best at police academy, having to work twice as hard as the others simply because she was a Black woman. Sherlock didn’t need to read her file to deduce she has painstakingly climbed the career ladder, step by step, until she finally landed her dream job.
His hips canted up, pushing his hard cock against John’s hip.
Or rather something else than the void still growing inside him, beast gnawing with greedy teeth at what was left of his heart.
“No!” Sherlock yelped.
Beth clamored to oblige, practically ripping the zipper at her back in order to free herself of the thing, tossing it away from her and repositioning herself on her knees.  Her bralette was a delicate shade of lacey pink, not quite matching her sparkling purple pants, but the true distraction were her silver heels, barely clinging onto her feet.
Alex pulled silk from her pocket and dangled the red fabric in front of Beth’s face, her wide eyes flashing up before returning to the ground, her shoulders twitching in excitement.  Alex immediately grabbed her by the jaw and forced her gaze upward.  Beth’s eyes were dark and open, never leaving her mistress’ face.
“Yes, yes.  He’s homophobic.  Anyone with eyes can see that.”
“You don’t-” John was going to finish that with ‘need to ask me’ but caught herself in time.  “Ah- Yes.  Excuse us, ladies.”
Sherlock rolled her eyes but otherwise did not move.
John sighed.  Sherlock could be so difficult.  Either way, she did not want to talk about it.  Message received.
Moriarty shoved the phone under John’s nose and she lunged for it, answering hurriedly, “Sherlock?”
“Um,” John’s eyes roamed the selection, the gleam on the shining wood of the paddle catching her eyes.
Sherlock must have sensed John was going to dare her to do something drastic.
It was too late.
John did not mean it as a deduction, she meant it as a warning.  Not that Sherlock would listen.
“-and break it off with him.”
Then again, Sherlock did sound desperate when she asked her to do whatever the bitch wanted.  A desperate Sherlock was never a good sign.
Nothing’s happened yet, John thought.  Is she really that turned on already?
Whatever Sherlock had left to do for herself, John could not figure it out.  She was wearing the floral dress and matching
“He didn’t know.”
Jessica froze as Moriarty’s hands covered hers and pressed the corkscrew down.  Moriarty leaned in, mouth open, her teeth grazing the girl’s neck.  Jessica cried, frozen on the spot.  There was one long, loud inhale before Moriarty pulled back, yanking the cork with her.
John found the man she was talking about and curled her nose up.
“Missionary because that’s the way he’s always liked it and you think it makes it more comfortable for you when you are not interested.  You are a doctor, you should know better.”
They dropped the idea altogether, returning to the regular -as Sherlock loved to put it- vanilla sex that they were having.  If it only happened twice a month, that was fine.  In the long run, sex was the dessert, not the main dish.  If everything else was so fantastic, why give it up for something she could do with her own hands and a few toys?
Molly blanched, her face turning an alarming shade of red.
Hyacinth (ch12 floor)= Jealousy
Almost all right, as usual.  Also a bitch about it, as usual.
Beth nodded mutely.
John chuckled.  “You ask normally?”
“I’m sure you’ll figure it out soon,” John soothed, grabbed Sherlock gently by the wrist and freed her from the knot she was creating.  “Tomorrow we’ll lay out all the evidence from each case and tape them to the wall- eh-” She prematurely interrupted Sherlock’s protest, “We are not pinning them.  Last time you used a set of arrows and do I really need to mention the mess above my head right now?”
John’s phone pinged.
John could confidently say she looked rather fit even without any extra help by coloring her face in like a picture book.  But Sherlock only ever seemed to compliment her whenever it was Sherlock doing the makeup.  It was not her fault Sherlock always looked like sex on heels -even when in flats- and achieved forever even wing tips.
John shook her head and nearly tripped trying to step into the floral dress in her strappy heels while covering her tits.  “Bored of me telling you what to do already?”
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock continued, “And then you went home to have boring vanilla sex because it has been three weeks since the last time you copulated and you felt like you owed it to him, even though you did not feel like having it.”
“Dare.”
“Let’s go,” Sherlock said and glided out of the bathroom before John could fix her other shoe.
“God no,” Sherlock slapped her hand away, repulsed.  “I need to observe.  We will be here for at least a half hour before I try anything.  Or should I say, you do.”
John pushed herself back onto her seat and fell a bit to the side, her calf sticking against Sherlock’s bare shoulder for a brief moment.  She took a second to dizzily wonder how much rum had been in her drink as Alex pulled Beth to the couch and demanded she climb into her lap.
John snapped a quick picture when Sherlock was not looking and sent it off to Martin, adding a caption reading
John pushed at her bangs, stubbornly sticking to her face, and pulled at the edge of her dress, wondering if she could send Sherlock for another drink, or if leaving her side would break some unspoken rule.
The girl froze.
“Sherlock!”
The case was the murder of an unnameable man in his fifties.  His fingerprints had been burned off and, so far, nothing had come up as a DNA match and his dental records would take a few days, minimal.  He was found sitting in the urinal of a public bathroom, held up by rope and what Sherlock had immediately identified as ‘a various array of cock rings’.
“Oh no,” Martin’s voice called from the door.  “Must you be so barbaric, Joan?  Could you not contemplate death by electric chair at least?  Most of your paperwork must be electronic by now anyway.  Seems fitting.”
Sherlock paused for a moment, frozen absolutely, like some forgotten statue of a warrior on the hunt, and then she smiled -too easily for John to think it was genuine.  “Alright.  I’ll drop it.”  In the same breath she said, “We haven’t played Gin in a while.”
“Yes,” John grinned, knowing Sherlock would either delete the account or make her answer all the stupidity in the morning.  “But I dared you.”
“Fine.”  John pulled the suede ropes from her pocket.  It had twisted up into more knots but she did not bother trying to fix it.  She reached around her neck and tied the necklace off as best as she could without looking, ignoring the extra pull from the twists that did not belong.
Moriarty slipped the butt of the gun against John’s spine and whispered a broken, “Distract me.”
“Oh, please.”  Sherlock huffed and turned into John’s stomach, her voice muffled by John’s shirt.  “That’s no concern of mine.”
“And be immensely jealous.”
“That’s enough.”  One click and John was cut off completely, the phone back in her captor’s pocket.  Moriarty turned to her guests and clapped her hands together.  “Now.  How about some introductions.”  Moriarty nodded to Stevie and the man walked forward and ripped the duct tape from the other man’s mouth, his breathing now alarmingly fast.  Moriarty turned to John and gestured to him.  “Have you met Richard?  He’s the one that owns this lovely home.  Don’t you, Dick?”
John’s eyes flickered to the door, hoping Sherlock would not deduce her mind well enough to hear that horrible analogy -no doubt delightfully willing to point out the flaw with the comparison of a wide, wet tub holding all the floppy pollocks, necessitating John defend her active sexual history and her perfectly tight vagina.
Sherlock grabbed her by the arm and pulled her back sharply, catching her before she could trip in her damn heels again.  “Rules reversed, John,” she muttered directly into her ear.  “I lead, you follow.”
Sherlock probably knew most of this, having deduced it from texts that John pretended she did not read or from John’s porn sites alone.  When John looked at Sherlock, her finger still locked in the choker, she seemed to understand completely.  Whether that was the booze, Sherlock’s phenomenal acting, or actual truth, was hard to tell.
Moriarty still refused to drop her hold.  “Not if I held it under.”
Sherlock’s grin was victorious as she leaned over and turned the water to cold, tipping the cups into the stream and helping John finish up.  “Ever the soldier.  Protecting our relationship and your Max’s-”
John’s eyes darted to Sherlock’s choker and she glared.
John spit out her water into the sink, snorted, and shook her head.  Sherlock’s hand was on her back soon, pulling the hair from her face.  “I’m not throwing up,” John reassured her through giggles.
“Murder.  Attic.  Probable robbery.  Not even a three.”  Sherlock’s eyes closed, her hair cushioning her head as it fell to the side.
“Martin.”
John understood.
John ignored her and the sudden thump of her heart.  She slipped over to the stove and squinted at the tacky yellow goo clinging to the surface of their kettle.  “I have no clue what you’re talking about.”
John turned the screen off and shoved it near Sherlock’s head, falling onto her friend’s exposed stomach in the process.  Her head would hurt like hell, but there was no way she was moving to bed now.  The fire was already dying out.  Sherlock’s belly was tiny but soft and squishy.  The shaved happy trail felt silky under her fingertips.
“Can we not compare cock rings to cherries?”
Sherlock glared and John mimed zipping her lips.
“You’re only saying that because you’re drunk,” Sherlock teased, lifted her glass and took a small sip, crossing her legs under sheet-made-cape-made-dress.  She was always such a lady like that.
