Dean continued to kick against the ground, thrashing in Castiel's grip. "I'm not riding in the fucking trunk of my own car!"
She's quiet for a moment. "Yeah. We got married right out of high school 'cause I got pregnant, then we moved in together. I loved him, but…." She sips her beer. "I don't know. We were too young. I would've done it a lot differently, knowing what I know now."
Dean stood up—or at least, he tried to. Castiel couldn't support the weight of his own body, let alone the marble columns of his wings. Dean grunted with effort, adjusting his hands on Castiel's arms, his waist and back, trying desperately to get him even to his knees. The struggle sent lances of pain through his body, too many at once to catalogue where they'd come from, and still Castiel could not move. His hands were bound; he couldn't even hold Dean, not like he wanted to.
Dean fired off two rounds. The sound was incredibly loud in the confined cell, enough to make the both of them flinch. But Theo was already gone, the air contracting around them in a flutter of wings. He appeared a moment later, in the centre of the cell behind Dean, and wrapped an arm around Dean's neck.
It's been a while since he dreamt of Sam dying. He'd been making pretty good progress in that department. They hunt separately a lot more often these days—like now, for instance—but Sam's got Eileen, and Mom, and Dean's a phone call away anyway. He doesn't have to be vigilant all day every single day of his life anymore. They have people in their lives now, people who care about them. People who can fight in their corner. Family.
"You," he breathes, and he's shaking again, not sure why that's so hot, only that it is. "Cas, I'm gonna come already—"
"Yeesh. You weren't kidding about how much had been eaten." He pulls the lip of the body bag back further with a gloved finger, peering inside with grim curiosity. Mariam Alice's midsection is almost completely gone, gnawed down to the spine and ribs, much of which is snapped open. Other fleshy parts, like her thighs and upper arms, were picked well over, too. The human teeth marks are easy to pick out amongst the gore. He hopes she died quickly.
"Who's talking about death?" Christ, the sun is hot. How the hell does Cas stand it up here? He wipes his brow. "I was injured, but I'm fine—"
Dean glances back at his own ghoul, and nods to the cast on its arm, a flawless mimic of the one he's wearing. "You break your own arm for authenticity, too? Or is that just for show?"
"There's fresh clothes upstairs," Dean suggested, and Cas was gearing up for more protests when Sam grabbed his other arm and helped haul him off the couch.
In the moonlight, his blue eyes look nearly black. Dean swallows. "Thanks," he says, instead of protesting. His back really does hurt, he's just conveniently forgotten about it until now.
Oh, his entire body is on fire, and not in a fun way. Dean can't slide further down in his seat without kissing the table, so he stares glumly at the floor instead. "No. I don't know."
Cas leans a knee on the bed, making it sink near Dean's thigh, but Dean grabs his leg before he can advance further. "Hold on."
His fingers tighten on the wheel as he watches Cas finally slot a tape into the deck. In the warm safety of the cab, Cas has his coat off, and his sleeves are shoved halfway up his arms, exposing a frankly unfair amount of his forearm.
Cas' only answer is an exasperated look. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Dean's mouth wobbles. "How far'd you get?"
If Jonah's body language was any indication, it was very frustrating. Castiel remembered that, at least, and he twinged with sympathy.
"I'm—fine," he said flatly, brushing an idle hand down his chest. "I haven't had time to clean up from last night."
Dean shifted under the jacket, pawing it down until he got an arm out, where he curled it loosely up around his chest. The sigh he let out was resigned, and his eyes slowly opened.
He reads off the caller ID. "Oh fuck." Dean closes his eyes and puts the phone to his ear. "Hey, Cas."
"Are you?" Cas asks, and Dean nods into the palm of his hand as he rubs at his eyes. Cas' foot nudges back, a reassuring pressure for a job well done.
As they moved, they encountered less and less of Bartholomew's men. The strategy was clear—keep his main force fighting Hannah while scouts searched the building for the Winchesters. And if what Theo had said in the cell was any indication, Bartholomew had a vested interest in securing both brothers.
The jeans are a no-brainer. Jeans have gotten him through every major event in his life. Denim has never let him down, especially slim-cuts. Shirts, however, are a different story. He's worn his fair share of bad shirts in his life, and he can't fuck this one up. It's harder now, because Cas has seen him wear everything in his closet dozens of times over, and he's trying something out. Maybe that's what's wrong with this whole picture—he just needs to try harder. Wear something that'll really bring out his eyes, or whatever. Cas isn't the most intuitive guy, which is fine, but lecherously watching him fold socks and dig graves isn't sending a clear enough signal. He needs to up the ante.
Dean distracts himself by writing down everything Jody told him in the notebook on his lap. If this is the first body that's turned up, maybe they can take care of it before anybody else has to die. They still need to find the husband's corpse—if there's anything left of it—to confirm his suspicions, but his best bet is still ghouls. His instinct is to ask Sam, run it by the guy who loves homework more than sex, but his options are pretty limited at the moment.
Cas offered no further explanation; he didn't even have the decency to meet his eyes. Instead he stared off into the room at nothing, brow slightly furrowed in thought. Already he was distant, retreating inwards, his mind elsewhere.
"Until then, you can leave." She walked over to the door and yanked it open. "So go. I will lead in your absence. Again."
"Cas?" He kissed his jaw, dragged his head up. Cas' eyes were closed, brow furrowed and a deep look of concentration on his face. Dean felt a grin pull at his mouth, and he touched his cheek to get his attention. "Hey."
Dean glances down at his watch. The tiny glow-in-the-dark hands stretch well past midnight; more importantly, it's been twelve minutes since he last clicked into the channel. He smiles and thumbs the receiver. "Sorry. Got distracted."
"You planning on building a shed or something?" Dean asks, giving the guidebook a nosey glance as he shoves half a piece of bacon into his mouth.
Dean jerks up, dropping his phone on the table and spotting Charlie in the doorway. He must be giving her a deer-in-the-headlights look, because she raises her hands in surrender. "I come in peace," she assures him, taking a few careful steps into the room like he's a frightened animal. "So?"
He can hear Cas talking to somebody as he approaches. Without thinking, Dean ducks his head and sniffs under his arm, then has to pause while the floor spins in front of him. He hopes nobody else is in the bunker. It's hard to remember the last time he showered, and he smells like it.
and not the other way around, so maybe that's progress. Whatever. He was being kind of a dick to her anyway. And he misses her, a lot. God, he's turning into a huge baby with all this missing people shit.
Cas is nowhere to be found in the bunker for most of the day, which is a relief in one sense because Dean doesn't have to try very hard to avoid him, and weird in another because he's usually around somewhere. Sam and Eileen are busy planning a trip to Kentucky after hearing about some cattle mutilations, and Charlie's gone, so the bunker is unnervingly quiet. Dean checks the garage, and Cas' truck is still there, so he's probably on the roof. Dean hasn't been up there in months. Cas has probably built a fucking city up there by this point.
Dean tilts his head up on the pillow, baring his throat, and Cas descends on it hungrily, pressing his mouth against his pulse and sucking before dipping lower, lavishing every inch of his neck with silent praise. He keeps his hand threaded through Cas' hair, though he's not so much guiding him as he is hanging on for dear life.
Jonah had always telegraphed his strikes. But Theo was a soldier; he lunged without preamble, without warning. The angel blade cut beneath Castiel's collarbone, digging deep, and he still had enough left in him to scream.
And Dean has to keep a straight face, because this is serious business and he needs to say some shit to Cas, but most of his attention is diverted to Cas' lips around his own finger.
"You spent all day cleaning the kitchen. No way, dude." He waves for everyone to slide their plates his way, stacking them on top of each other with an unnecessary amount of clatter.
"I started this project too late," Cas muses as he moves past him, continuing down the rows of herbs. He pauses occasionally to look at something, though nothing seems to interest him. "Peak growing season is past for a lot of things."
"Yeah," Dean called when he knocked, and Castiel cautiously opened the door to his room. Dean was reclined on his bed overtop the covers, also wearing his sleep clothes. The TV was on, throwing flickering light across the floor, though he didn't appear to be particularly invested in whatever he was watching. He sat up when he saw Castiel, eyes widening in surprise.
"Lisa and Ben," Cas said hurriedly, and Dean flinched at their names. "You avoid them because you dislike saying goodbye. Because they make it difficult for you to think about your work, your duties elsewhere. You worry that your very presence in their life puts them in danger."
Whoever buried this fucker clearly had something to prove, because they're definitely past the six feet mark and there's still no coffin in sight. Using his breathlessness as an excuse to lean on his shovel for a minute, Dean wipes at his brow and blinks the sweat out of his eyes. Christ, he's getting old.
He can hear Cas speaking quietly with the girls down the hall in the bedroom, probably trying to get them to decide on the furniture layout, and he smiles into the mouth of his bottle. Claire could probably tell Cas to jump out a window and he'd do it.
Dean glanced over his shoulder, towards the desk where Bobby was looking after Sam's arm. "Is that all you needed us for?"
"Could just mean you're a douchebag," she shot back. The humour was there, but it came out floppy, too halfhearted to land right.
"No," came the immediate reply. Cas watched him carefully as Dean pressed him gently against the massive tire and bed of the truck, hands on his arms. He looked intrigued, bewildered, surprised. He also looked eager, and it got Dean's blood jumping. It was hard to read what was interest from Cas and what was just—well, Cas, but the parting of his lips and soft flush in his throat was all the confirmation Dean needed.
He felt the moment Dean registered the touch, when he realised how close they were pressed together. It was a clinching along his spine, rigid with recognition.
Dean got comfortable in bed, properly settled now. Feeling brave, Castiel sat on the edge of the mattress, careful not to touch him. When Dean didn't pull away or tell him to move, he relaxed and smiled down at his friend.
Dean rolls his eyes. Cas signs something at Eileen, though his shoulder is in the way, so Dean doesn't catch it. She smiles and nods, and Dean recognises the sign for witch, her index finger curling beside her nose, and then waves her hands, which he thinks means done. Or does that mean no problem? Yeah, he seriously needs to practice. Then she signs something he doesn't recognise at all except for the
"I'd like you to forget it, if you can," he said quietly, and Dean looked at him. His eyes were surprisingly dark. "As a personal favour."
Dean was conspicuously quiet as they advanced. His aim was steady and his attention was committed to the task at hand, but Castiel could sense his unease. He couldn't tell how much of that had to do with the horrific sounds of angels clashing and dying above them, and how much of it was about what had happened in the cell. They would both need time to heal from it.
"Yes." He smiled tightly. "There is something baser than instinct that keeps your soul concealed from others. It is difficult to recognise, and even more difficult to consciously manipulate. But it's possible."
He tipped his head up, though his eyes wouldn't focus. The ceiling was fuzzy and indistinct above him. "Dean," he said calmly, loudly enough that his words bounced off the walls, "fight your reaper."
He flinched. It was not an accusation. The anguish in Hannah's eyes begged for him to exonerate himself, not just for her sake, but for his own.
"Oh." He clears his throat, ignoring the inexplicable twinge of disappointment in his chest. "Yeah, why?"
Dean focuses on the kissing part instead of the noise in his head, clinging to Cas like a life raft. He'd almost forgotten how new Cas is to all this, but he recognises it now in the still-clumsy way he kisses him, soft and slow. Dean needs to make this special for him, to prove he made the right choice in sticking around. It gives him something to focus on, some tangible tether to reality. He can do that, he thinks. He can take care of Cas.
He diverts what energy he has into listening, pressing back desperately against the membrane in his brain that makes everything foggy and slow. Even the hot scalpel of adrenaline can't quite pierce it, but his efforts nonetheless produce some results. It's not just screaming he's hearing; mixed in is the cool slice of steel singing through the air, the shuddering smack of limbs, freshly severed, tumbling across a floor. Fighting, his mind sluggishly supplies. There is a fight taking place.
"We're supervising her hunts. For help—and everything." Sam turned right on the upcoming T-juncture, pace fast. His voice was strung tight, a faint tremor in the undercurrent from leftover adrenaline. He was calm in the tense way Castiel had come to recognise as well-controlled panic.
She grins over her shoulder at him as she dumps the chips into a giant plastic bowl. "You wanna get high? I brought some edibles."
"Wasn't for a while, but yeah." Dean rubs the tread of his boot against the ramp, listening to it squeak on the wet steel. "Jody's not a hardass like my dad was, though. Or not in the same way, anyway." He offers Cas a perfunctory smile. "She'll get over it."
"Found him!" Claire calls over her shoulder, and he catches a harsh impression of bruises across her face before she turns to face him again. She gives him a grin. "Hey, dumbass."
just sleeping—so they're allowed to go on dates. Sam goes on dates with Eileen all the time, and Dean has eaten plenty of meals with Cas sitting across from him. The only difference now is that he put way too much thought into what he wanted to wear before they came to the lakeside. Hunting doesn't usually bring them to nice locales, but he's sure to soak it up when he can.
"Not until you are freed from service." His arm relaxed away from Dean's neck, and his blade slid home to the hilt, where Dean's collarbone met his throat.
He stares at the screen, the words blurring together as his eyes lose focus. There are sites he could go to—people seem to ask this question on Reddit about four hundred times a day—but he knows what the wise guys will be saying in the comments section:
She walks over and stands beside him, leaning against the car, and holds out her hand. "Can I have some?"
"You're gonna screw up hunting," he told her, making her look up. "Make bad calls that get people killed. People who definitely don't deserve to die. Probably get your friends killed at some point, too."
He's only a quarter of the way through it when their motel door opens, and Mary slips out. She has her hunting coat and boots on, clashing hilariously with her striped yellow pajama pants.
"Are you alright?" he asked her, and only belatedly realising how blunt and abrupt the change in topic was.
"I think so, yeah," she says earnestly, and her mouth twitches, like she's trying not to smile too big. "Stevie's got work stuff, so she couldn't come. It's too early to show her all—this, anyway." She gestures around them.
He braced some of his weight on his elbow as he listed sideways, making his shoulder burn. "The—the entire campaign?"
One of Dean's fists connected with Castiel's ribs. There was enough force behind it to sting, making him grunt. A moment later, Sam's hand appeared in his periphery, silently offering him fresh zip ties.
Their arms bump, and he feels Cas tense up briefly, though he doesn't pull away. Dean's eyes flick around the lot, confirming that they're still alone. Even the street seems far away, passersby unaware of their presence. He props his knee up a little bit higher and lets an outstretched arm rest atop it, joining Cas in watching the rain catch on his skin. From shoulder to elbow they're touching, a solid band of contact that would, for other people, be enough.
"Your soul," he said, and prevented Dean from pulling back further by tightening his grip on his bicep. "If I touch it—it is an incredible source of power. It would grant me enough power to heal if I were exposed to it."
"So," Dean clears his throat, licking a stray glob of jelly off his finger. "That didn't turn out so bad."
Deliberating heavily on whether or not to go back to sleep, Dean eventually shoved himself up from the mattress. The world swam around him, and it took a minute of bracing against the bed before the dizziness was under control again. He grabbed the water bottle and uncapped it, drinking proper mouthfuls now that his stomach wasn't threatening to empty itself everywhere. The water itself was tepid, but it still made him shiver violently, hard enough to make his vision swim. Goosebumps flared across his arms, and he set down the bottle so he could grab his blanket. His fingers brushed the smooth fabric of Cas' suit jacket instead, which he had to untangle from his bedspread to pull free.
Also, it’s been a few years since I’ve spoken any ASL. I’ve done my best with the grammar, but I’m absolutely open to corrections if there’s something off. Balancing what signs Dean would realistically know (which is very few) vs actually depicting them in the fic has been a bit of a challenge, but again, I welcome corrections and critique if you have any!
"You can't see the—the glowy? Thing? The light?" He gestured at the injury. Sam's frown deepened, and when he looked at Bobby, he only shook his head.
"Sleeping beauty," Bobby greeted as he stood in the doorway, and Dean met his eyes, then Sam's, before glancing at the couch. Cas was still there, though he was sitting up now, a hand to his side. He looked even more haggard than the last time he'd stumbled into Bobby's.
"It's either that or the forest." He approaches the nearest crypt, studying the exterior. There's a small mantle on either side of the door for flowers, but they're both empty. Dean wipes at the back of his neck, blowing out a breath. Christ, it's hot. And bright. Way too bright.
"Poor choice of words," he amends quickly. "But I've tangled with worse, and in rougher shape, and you need the backup."
Dean was trying to think of a response to that when Bobby spoke up. "All patched up," he was saying, slapping Sam on the shoulder, and then snapped his fingers at Dean. "You two, go on upstairs and clean yourself up. You both stink."
"Sorry," he said after a moment, eyes lingering on the fractured sweep of Castiel's left wing. "Cas, I'm sorry."
He probably shouldn't put on porn. That would be weird. He's never watched porn with anyone before, and Cas is not the person to pick up that habit with. So, Keanu Reeves and Carrie-Anne Moss in leather it is. Not the worst thing in the world.
Jonah made quick word of his restraints. They clattered to the floor, no more than a slip of metal now, and cool air washed over the raw and broken skin of his mangled wrists. He flexed his hands; it was agonising, but he could do it. That would have to be enough.
so he reaches for Cas' upturned hand instead. The contact seems to surprise him, but he doesn't flinch away. He smiles at Dean, squeezing his fingers. His hands are warm. Cas is always warm.
"Something tells me it won't be an issue," she says cryptically, and he frowns at her. "I think he wants it about as badly as you do."
"You should, uh." Dean cleared his throat, a final small bubble of laughter escaping him. "You should take a few minutes for yourself, too, Cas. Clean up, relax. I know you like layers. Your coat's in the library still."
Dean nudges the bottle between them with his fingers, just to be extra clear. Cas follows the movement with his eyes, and heat blooms across his features again. "Okay." He reaches for the bottle, and the cap makes a too-loud clicking noise when Cas opens it. Dean closes his eyes for a second, a shiver rocking through him.
Dean slowly fills his mouth with whisky. He lets it linger on his tongue until it burns, then swallows harshly so it smokes all the way down his throat. The problem, he's realising now, is that looking up the question is only the first step in the process; he has to actually read through the results for this to be a worthwhile endeavour. Glancing at the secured lock on his door, he clicks the first link and is immediately presented with yet another glaring problem: he's googling a topic that sixteen year-old girls also frequently look up online. Curling himself into a vaguely shrimp-like position around his laptop, he quickly backs out and scrolls up to the top of the page, where he miserably amends
To his credit, Cas did as he was told, though he made no secret of how irritated he was. Dean kept a good grip on him, and let him dig his fingernails into his forearm as Sam sewed him up. They left deep crescent marks in his skin, but Cas didn't make a sound. Bobby offered him a forty of whiskey at one point, but he refused that, too.
They both reclined on Dean's bed next to one another, laying in a position that was guaranteed to make Dean complain about a sore neck later. In one hand Dean held the TV remote at the ready, and in the other, under the covers, he threaded his fingers through Castiel's. He kept the volume low, loud enough for the movie to be heard but quiet enough so that he could answer the various questions Castiel had about the film.
The other wing took Theo four sessions to fully extract. The pair of them now blanketed the cell, wrapping around the circumference of the room before the tips came together on the southern wall. It was his anterior set of wings, the smallest of his three pairs, and also his most beautiful. They hung pathetically from his back now, crowding the dirty concrete floor and wet to the touch. Spokes of protruding bone stuck out between bloody feathers, and Castiel's wrists were broken again.
"I seem to…." Cas clears his throat, and lets out a half-humoured huff of breath. "I seem to tolerate stress very poorly now. Not that I was particularly good at it before." A hand slides across the bed, and Dean squeezes his fingers when they meet.
Castiel looked around the room, at his wings framing the walls. "I don't know how to get out of here."
Cas comes up behind him and leans over his shoulder, touching the tag stuck in the dirt. "Fennel," he says very helpfully, giving Dean an amused look. This close, he can feel the warmth radiating off Cas' chest against his back.
"You must be some kinda saint," Dean comments. His skin has stubble burn all over it, and it stings, but he's not about to stop Cas.
Dust rained down on them. One of Dean's hands came up to brush it impatiently from his skin, then cradled his head against his shoulder. Castiel could feel his heartbeat through the soft fabric of his shirt, steady and true.
"There's worse places to do it," he says lightly, and closes his eyes, steeling himself. "I'm about six hours away. I can swing for this afternoon, just gotta pack."
The smile on Dean's face faltered, and he dragged his other arm up from his chest to squint at his watch. "I've been in here with you for like two hours," he muttered, and then stared up at the ceiling again. "God, I hope they didn't hear anything."
"It's hard to fuck you if you've got a huge gouge in your stomach," Dean interrupted him, mouth twitching. "So let's fix you up, and then we can get back to it."
"I mean… probably not." Relief swells in his chest at the admission. It's true, he thinks, but it feels good to say it out loud. "Been through a lot worse together than an awkward conversation."
"I'm not sure," he said, glad he could speak truthfully again. "I am capable of returning to the barracks, but I am vulnerable, and I don't know how many more of my men are agents of Raphael. If I am betrayed a second time, I could very easily die."
He anticipates Cas' protest, though, and cuts him short with a kiss. Once is enough to stall him out, and it takes every scrap of restraint Dean has to pull back and keep talking. The edges of his mouth wobble as he speaks, and his voice comes out low, quivering with nerves. "You know, I—I wake up every morning with something to look forward to, 'cause I know you'll be around and I can say good morning to you. And if I'm real lucky, I get to be the first one who says it to you, before Sam or anyone else."
"It prevented me from touching you for over three months," Cas reminds him. "Limiting myself to teasing you is a remarkable display of restraint on my part."
Alright ladies, gentlemen, and those of you who know better, welcome to the main event. This fic is finally living up to its rating!
Dean knows one thing for sure, though; Cas has had this line of attack planned for years now, nevermind a few months. He's memorised every single thing he wants to do to Dean, every part of his body he wants to kiss, and now he's executing those plans to the letter. He'd gotten a hint of it before, before all this nonsense about obligations and wants and needs, but he'd been so wrapped up in how achingly novel it was to just be with Cas, to not have to worry about keeping his hands to himself and his eyes on the road, that he hadn't appreciated it for what it was. It makes him feel extra idiotic, now that he's laying here thinking about it. Of course Cas loves him. And now—now Cas is telling him with every press of his mouth, every brush of his hands, that this is sacred ground. Sex with him is exhaustive, done without compromise, finished only when the full extent of Dean's body is mapped out with hand and mouth. It's not enough to know the atoms; he's gotta know the freckles, too.
Jonah's pupils dilated and contracted. He was new to inhabiting a vessel, even more so than most angels. The mannerisms of the recently Fallen were distinct from human behaviour, but they were, thankfully, much easier for Castiel to read. Jonah was curious, which was progress enough.
Don't panic, he tells himself, and arranges everything he knows into a neat list in his head. He's on his back, check. He's somewhere possibly underground, check. There's a cut on his forehead, which is probably why his face is wet. His arm hurts like a bitch. Something's wrong with his right leg. There's a weird lapping noise nearby, but not in the room—water, he recognises. That's water.
"There's a defunct drainage network beneath the cemetery," it tells him. "Not the classiest squat, but it's better than the woods."
"The—the sex? No." Dean laughs, feeling a little lightheaded. "No, that—dude, my legs are still shaky from that."
"Because I don't." He forces himself to sit up. His head doesn't give him any grief when he does it, which is promising, and the room doesn't spin when he slips to the edge of the bed and plants his feet on the floor. "Turn on the lamp."
The door to his cell opened on the fourth day. Castiel looked up, ready to greet Jonah, and found another angel in his stead.
"What the fuck," he whispers. The blood looks black in the dim light, and he shuffles around on the floor until his legs are pointed in the direction of the lantern so he can get a better look.
Dean's mouth dries up as he stares at Cas' dick. He's furiously erect, balls heavy and tight to his body, perfect and beautiful. He could write poems about it. Maybe he should, if Cas is seriously this unconvinced Dean wants to be with him.
She shrugs. "I mean, you guys haven't been together that long. It's a risky thing to just assume. Maybe he doesn't know how to ask you, or something happened that made him unsure, or something."
Of course. Of fucking course Cas would think that, because Dean never actually says what he's supposed to. Movies instead of sex, cooking him meals instead of talking, going out on dates instead of staying in and just being together. Cas avoiding him all those weeks ago, the heavy glances, the motel in Cheboygan, all of it, suddenly makes sense. And Dean just let him be distant, sulking about how he wasn't getting laid often enough. No shit Cas thinks he's just doing this out of some twisted sense of obligation. Dean's been doing everything to keep them together except spelling it out in plain language for him.
"It's a little important," Dean countered. "Gotta blow off steam sometime to keep yourself sane. We could go out for a beer, hit up some—"
"Dean," Cas says again, somber, and the words rumble into his skin. "I was respecting your boundaries—"
He ends up talking to her for a long time, long enough that he hops up onto the table and twirls the metaphorical phone cord around his finger. Fast food is a fool-proof topic of conversation with Mom, and one he has a lot to say about. It's enough that there's only a few awkward silences, and they don't argue about a single thing. No nasty words, no reminders that they're still two strangers speaking to one another in the middle of the night, separated by a couple state lines and three decades of catch-up. It's just a normal, regular conversation with his mom over the phone about normal, regular people things.
is gonna look like. If he wasn't still nauseous and had a pounding headache, he'd goad him a little bit, make him say exactly what he means. It wouldn't take much.
"It was for your own safety," Castiel confirmed. "But it was also an indulgence. The betrayal was weighing on me. I felt alone." It was normally a temptation he could resist, and had been doing exactly that for the last several weeks, but his confrontation with Rachel had destroyed his last, thin reserves of self-restraint.
Castiel held out a hand to Dean, who was pulling his arm tentatively away from his eyes as the light faded in the room. "Let's go find Sam," he said quietly, and Dean took his offered hand.
He sighs. "Look, I'm—I know how much of an idiot I am, okay? You think it's bad putting up with me, trying living inside my head."
"Uh…." He flounders. Is he supposed to remember what that means? Is it bad that he doesn't? Is Cas testing him?
Dean grabs the bone splinter under his leg and lunges forward. The ghoul catches his hands, almost laughably easily, and twists until he feels his wrist joints grind together painfully. There's enough pressure on his arm that his fingers relax and he drops the splinter, and his own face—the ghoul, God that's weird—grins down at it, like a parent entertained by the ridiculous imagination of their own child. The entire scuffle lasts less than five seconds, and he's already out of breath.
He studied the ruins, trying to locate whatever similarities Dean found between the handsome stone of an ancient church and the bloody mess of his own wings. They were serviceable, even if he didn't fully trust himself to fly around unattended yet, but he held no illusions as to the state they were in. His repairs had been utilitarian, practical as opposed to reconstructive. The loss he felt was entirely fuelled by vanity, but it stung to the core of his being. For billions of years his anterior set of wings had been breathtaking, exquisite to behold. Other angels had commented on them before, envious and marvelling in turn. And now they were bent, asymmetrical, ugly things, barely fit for flying.
They cleared the second floor and ascended to the third. A single angel was there—not friendly—and dispatched of quickly. Dean, growing increasingly agitated, began to call out his brother's name. There was a hysterical note building beneath the surface, pitching the register of his voice upwards at the end.
"Wait, really?" Relief floods him. He hopes it doesn't show on his face. "I figured you were just done putting up with me."
"I didn't say that to frighten you," Cas tells him, looking genuinely concerned now. "I don't expect you to reciprocate. As I said this morning, it's not meant as an imposition."
"Not yet." There's that hard tone again, and he's working his fingers into Dean, pressing him open. He avoids his prostate now, though, and Dean feels a whine hum low in his throat.
"I don't." He was leaning against the northern cell wall, and the sun was kissing the bottom of his left shoe sole.
"Whose directives are you following, Jonah?" Castiel asked him that night, after a breadth of silence.
"People enjoy doing nice things for each other," Sam says five minutes later, smugly running a hand over the folded surface of the sheet, set carefully on a nearby table. Dean grabs a towel out of the dryer and begins folding it.
Dean didn't tell him to leave, so Castiel stayed seated on the floor, silent and watchful. Every ten minutes or so, Dean would shove the jacket off or pull it back on, shivering the entire time, coughing into the towel pillowed beneath his head. His breath wheezed faintly, though that had more to do with the rawness in his throat than any damage to his lungs. When needed, Castiel would help him sit up to reach the toilet or sip at the water bottle, but mostly, he simply watched Dean lie very still and quiet on the floor.
Castiel grabbed his arm, to steady himself and to find Jonah's blade. It materialised quickly in his palm, and the steel was cool as he wrapped his fingers around it.
He brushes Cas' jaw with his fingers, getting distracted all over again, but he makes an effort to keep his gaze. "Mostly how bad I wanted to fuck you again," he whispers, and Cas leans into him, flush at the waist. "But also about how… how glad I am that you're still here."
Jonah lunged at him with the blade, the tip of it pressing harshly against his cheek, and stood very close. "You do not ask anything of me, devil," Jonah said quietly. The fury was genuine; the authority decidedly less so. "Only me. Only I ask questions.
"Please," he keens, his entire body trembling with need. It's so much and it's still not enough. "Please, I need—I need to—"
"Christ, I look old," he mutters, staring up at it. The lighting's sure as shit not doing him any favours; the laugh lines around his mouth and eyes are especially prominent, slicing into his features like fault lines. He doesn't actually look like that, does he?
"Once I clean up your little mess upstairs," Theo whispered, close enough that his breath blew on Castiel's skin, "you'll answer my questions."
Dean slides on his ass until his back is flush against the wall, giving him a wider view of the room. He quickly pats himself down, taking stock of what he still has on him. Car keys are gone, wallet's gone, gun's gone, pocket knife's gone. Even his lighter is missing. He dropped his phone in the cemetery, so that's gone, too. No backpack in sight, either. Awesome.
"Oh." He swallows, throat suddenly thick, and tries not to look like he's two seconds away from losing it. "Thanks, then, I guess."
They sat him in one of the guest rooms, on the edge of the bed. Cas frowned at his hands, silent and sullen.
"Trees are looking pretty freaky," Dean tells him, adjusting the shovel in his other hand. He should've worn gloves; it's fucking freezing out. "Buncha headstones."
"Hey, Mom," he says, rubbing at his eyes and leaning against one of the tables in the library. It's late—even Charlie's asleep by this point, and she usually stays up until four in the morning. "It's me. Cas finally gave me my phone back, so—he said you called a couple times." Dean pauses, collecting his thoughts. "Look, I'm—I'm sorry, I was a jackass. It's cool, and everything. Call me when you—"
"Thanks," he says awkwardly, feeling Cas' eyes on him and pointedly not meeting them. "Ready to get wasted?"
Dean glances at the notebook again, and recognises Cas' handwriting. It's short and blunt, uniform in a way that makes it look like it was typed out on the pages.
"Someone turned him," Castiel murmured, frowning at Dean. He knelt down, bracing his knuckles on the concrete floor to keep him steady, and behind him he could head Sam speaking softly to Charlie. "Hello, Dean."
Cas is silent for a long moment, looking past Dean, over his shoulder. "Yes," he says then, quietly. "That's always been the problem, hasn't it."
Dean slumps back on the bed, letting the breath rush out of his lungs. "Everything's fine," he says to the empty, dark room. Above him, the shitty ceiling spins.
"Then this metaphor will be more beleaguered than I intended, my apologies." Cas pauses to take another drink, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand before continuing. "It's not a demon in the way you understand demons to be. It's not a demon at all, in fact; it's a thought exercise in causal determinism. Should a being—the demon, in this case—ever become capable of knowing the precise location and trajectory of every atom in the universe, then the future would be wholly solvable from those data. It would eliminate the human conception of randomness, and render all proceeding physical phenomena calculable."
"Whatever," he says to nobody, pinching at his eyes. The air inside the motel is stale and tastes weird, but at least it's cool.
"The Michael Sword!" He disarmed Dean with a flick of his hand. The pistol clattered to the floor, and then Theo reached into Dean's jacket, where he'd stashed his blade, and threw that to the ground, too. He smiled as he pulled Dean tight against him. "I thought you'd be a better warrior."
"You're very tight," Cas comments, a bit breathlessly, and Dean's never slept with someone who's so blunt and understated about it, but Cas makes it work somehow. He always does.
The ghoul appraises him for a long moment, saying nothing. It twists and tilts Dean's head a dozen different ways, sizing him up, made doubly creepy by the fact that he's watching himself watch himself.
"You still put your pants on in the morning and do your job. I count that as a win." Dean rolled with a grunt onto his back, hands shuffling beneath the jacket so that it was spread out across his chest. The tail of his shirt had ridden up, exposing a strip of his abdomen, dusted lightly with hair. After a moment of shifting around, he pulled his arms out from under the jacket, hot again, and didn't bother to fix his shirt.
His tone is still clipped, and Cas doesn't say anything else, just stares at him. Off to a great start. Dean clears his throat and shoves his hands into his pockets. "Listen, um, I wanted to talk."
"And?" Dean presses. He's too tired and too lazy to sit up and kiss Cas, so he brings him down to his level instead. It only takes a gentle nudge with his fingers. His jaw aches from the movement, but it's more than worth it to feel Cas' breath blow unevenly across his face. "That's it," he whispers when Cas gasps again, sliding his hands down to his hips to feel the fluid movement of muscle beneath his skin.
Dean's knuckles go white under the grip of the wheel. "I spy, with my little eye, something that is blue."
Dean is confident in declaring that he will never enjoy flying. However, this whole floating business is something he could definitely get used to.
"Yeah, too much of nothing if you ask me. I should be grilling you about this stuff, anyway, not the other way around." He glances down at her. "How you holding up?"
Jody slumps back against the chair, heaving a sigh. "Guess not," she says sharply. One of her hands rubs at her forehead. This conversation is clearly testing her patience. "Dean. I don't know what's going on with you lately—"
The only company he's keeping in here is the cop's corpse, who looks even more dead than before. He latches onto that, trying to divine how long he's been out by the sallow pallor of the corpse's skin. A few hours, maybe? Has it been that long already?
"Good." Dean ducks down to kiss his knuckles before relinquishing his hand. "As I was saying, I was also planning on talking to you this morning."
Sam tosses the folded towel on top of the fitted sheet and grabs another. "Say whatever you're gonna say."
They came upon the room quickly; a small housing bay for loading vans. Dean was in the middle of the room, restrained to a chair with zip ties. It was knocked over on its side, back facing them, and he was struggling to get out of it. Charlie was backing into the far corner, machete in hand, aimed in Dean's general direction but without any real threat behind it. Her eyes were wide, frightened, though she wasn't quite panicking yet.
Cas' mouth quirks. "Not in so many words," he murmurs. "But in other ways, it was." He turns his face skyward again, as if hoping to find something up there.
"Like for a second. It's not important," Dean said impatiently. "How many angel bullets you got left?"
Dean kisses him then, because he can't take it anymore, and Cas immediately melts into him. He keeps their pace slow, taking his time, and Cas smoothes his hands up Dean's waist, his stomach, until they're resting on his chest. Their noses knock together as they kiss, the rhythm of their mouths clumsy and a little off-beat. Dean's not a sap, so he doesn't know much about what goes on in romantic chick-flick movies, but this has gotta be pretty damn close.
Dean's never really liked the smell of hospitals much, but he'll take antiseptic and squeaky laminate flooring over the stench of rotting corpses anyday.
The fact that Charlie hasn't called him at all is not helping either. He keeps bracing himself for a barrage of texts and calls that never come. And he's been gone long enough by now that she definitely must have noticed, right? Who takes an hour-long walk? His brain puts forth two possible explanations, neither of which he's particularly fond of. One, something bad has happened to Charlie and she can't call for help, or two, she knows he's gone and doesn't give a shit where he is.
Mary shares a room with Dean and Cas, so he's got a perfectly reasonable excuse to keep his hands to himself that night. And Cas is the very picture of propriety, leaving the same amount of space between them as they did before they got together. He's shared a lot of motel beds with Cas over the years, come to think of it.
"I'll make—I'll make it up to you," Dean's telling him. Cas is almost painfully beautiful under the shitty fluorescent light. He needs to keep a better handle on Cas so he doesn't slip away. You don't find a gold ring in the parking lot and not pick it up. Eventually someone's gonna notice that Cas doesn't, shouldn't, can't possibly belong to Dean, that this whole thing is a fluke. But until then, he's gonna hang on tight; he's gonna savour whatever he can get.
"I didn't mean to disturb you," Cas said instead of answering him. "I thought it important to ask permission before I rested here."
"It's more complicated than that," Castiel interjected, frowning at Sam. "Sam wasn't in possession of his soul at the time. That is a difficult burden to bear for any human being."
Charlie's voice raises to a dangerous octave inside the cab of the Impala. He wants to tell her to watch the road, but he's pretty sure he'll get stabbed if he tries.
"Commander, it's so good to see you. We thought—" Oren looked down at Theo. "He said you were dying."
"Well, there's a bed upstairs if you wanna rest," Bobby offered. "And the garage if you want some place to yourself. You can make yourself comfortable in here too, if you like."
It's still raining, though it's mellowed into more of a mist now. He admits that the view isn't terrible, though he can't imagine ever sitting on a balcony willingly. Birds circle overhead, probably looking for worms dredged up by the rain. Or whatever it was that birds did.
Human vessels had to be prepared to accept the presence of an angel's wings, and that took a great deal of time and care to accomplish. It was also largely pointless; they were massive, cumbersome in three dimensions, and made human movement nearly impossible. Castiel knew of angels who had done it in the past, and they claimed it helped ground them to their borrowed bodies, cementing their Grace and enhancing their ability to conduct work on Earth. The practice had long ago fallen out of favour, in part because it tended to unsettle humans, and most angels—to his knowledge—no longer possessed the information needed to manifest their wings on Earth.
Afterwards, Cas goes to the kitchen to make them sandwiches—one of the few meals Cas is pretty good at making—and Dean retreats to his room under the guise of putting the socks away. He locks his door, which is ridiculous but it makes him feel less cagey, and jerks off with a fervour he hadn't felt since he was a teenager. It's embarrassing how quickly he finishes, actually, but Cas looked really, really good in that shirt.
Jonah stabbed him for his answer, but the pain was worth it. The discussion was over after that. Tomorrow, Jonah would ask him about Metatron again.
Cas is the one to pull away first, breath washing hotly over his face, and knocks their foreheads together.
"Theo—" Castiel struggled. He was sitting on the ground, the weight of his wings immense and crushing. He couldn't use his arms, and there was no strength left in his legs. Horrified, he did nothing but sit there, watching Theo wrestle Dean into angry submission. "Let him go," he pleaded, instead of doing anything else. "Please."
Dean ignored him. The door was yanked open, swinging out into the hall, and the doorway filled with Theo. He was breathing raggedly, clothes askew and splotched with blood, though he didn't look injured. He glanced at Castiel, then Dean, and grinned.
Sam takes it, eyes scanning the bottle, and then laughs. "Yeah," he says, handing it back to Cas. "Yeah, that's high. How you feeling, buddy?"
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa." Dean sits up on the couch, back ramrod straight. He gapes at Cas, who's just lying there, perched on one end of the couch. "What?"
"It's not allowed," Castiel said carefully. It certainly wasn't a lie. "But I had no choice. Jonah wouldn't have been able to heal the both of us."
He works his way up to Cas' fingers as he talks, tugging on each one gently and rolling them between thumb and index finger until he feels the knuckles pop. Dean eventually risks a few peripheral glances upwards, just to make sure he's not hurting him, but Cas doesn't say anything, doesn't pull away or flinch or do anything aside from stare down at their hands with hooded, entranced eyes. It makes Dean smile; he might not have any angel mojo left, but he's still Cas. Still staring like nobody's watching.
Dean grabs the back of the couch for support, heart pounding so hard his eyes shudder in their sockets. "What?" he says again, because he can't get anything else out.
"Bobby's got a nest in there he's been meaning to clean out. It's good target practice. I can show you how to use a gun again."
"Charlie told me what happened." Deep purple crescents colour the skin under his eyes. It's the oldest he's ever seen Cas look; haggard and strung out and achingly, brutally human. Driving like a maniac all night from Colorado probably has a lot to do with it. And worrying, too, but that's buried deep. Cas just looks tired now. Tired and angry.
"Would you be apologising to me right now if this had gone another way?" she asks him. "If you'd taken them all out yourself?"
"Yeah. Yeah, I'm good…." His words trailed off at the end as he got a better look at his brother. "Jesus. What the hell happened to you?"
"Oh." Cas smiles, glancing at the breakfast table. Their plates and utensils are still scattered on top of it, forgotten. The eggs are gonna be a bitch to clean off, but that's a problem for future Dean. "Yes. It went much better than I expected it to."
He doesn't mean for it to be a date. It isn't, exactly—it's not like he knows what a 'date' really entails. Dean remembers dates from a very long time ago, from Cassie, one of the very few normal people he's ever been involved with, but that's a distant memory. And now he's on one with Cas. Sort of.
Theo did not have to brandish his blade for the threat in his eyes to be clear. Castiel swallowed, let his eyes drift closed, desperately seeking solace. "I will tell you what I know," he whispered.
"Grab something to listen to out of the glovebox," he says then, and it comes out a little too hoarse. He coughs and takes another swig of coffee.
hands cramp, especially after a day of domestic work. The counterweight for how good it feels to hold Cas' hands is the sick knot of guilt twisting at the bottom of his gut. Maybe a couple years ago he could've talked himself into the idea that he's just being a good friend and doing Cas a solid, but not now. Their knees are just shy of touching, their hands are entwined, their heads are ducked close. He wouldn't even have to lean forward to kiss Cas, he'd just have to tip their heads up a bit. Maybe Cas would even make that noise again. Cas' jaw would be rough under his fingers, too, he knows. He didn't shave this morning, and it's dusted with coarse dark stubble that would leave burns on his skin if he rubbed against it.
"You have a very peculiar way of expressing it," Cas says, but his voice is endlessly fond, and Dean grins up at him.
He even writes it out in list form so he's extra certain he'll say everything properly. Stuff he has to apologise for (lying about the case, putting himself and others in unnecessary danger, being a burden, not communicating properly), stuff he needs to thank Cas for (his unending patience, general continued existence in Dean's vicinity, choice of jeans), and things that are NOT his fault (Jody asking for his help, the enduring presence of the supernatural in civil society, lack of access to alcohol impairing his judgement, etc etc. he'll fill this part in more later).
"I'm helping you," Cas says patiently, rolling up to his knees before holding his hand out. "Come up here."
He closes his eyes and wills himself to calm down. Cas hid all the alcohol in the bunker because you "can't drink and take opiates at the same time", and even though the most exciting thing Dean's been pounding back lately is extra strength Tylenols, there's still no beer in sight, so that option is out. Only thing to do now is swallow all this down and deal with it later, sober. Awesome.
"I'll give her your credit card information," Cas tells him. "She shouldn't have to pay to replace the carpet. Or the furniture."
He found Sam by the stove, dressed in clean clothes and his hair still drying from a shower, heartbeat calm and steady. Next to him was the world's most impressive mountain of home fries, along with what had to be over two pounds of cooked bacon. On the island sat Dean's breakfast—a mason jar full of vamp blood and whatever slop Campbell's recipe called for. He glowered at the evil little jar as he shuffled towards the coffee machine.
"You did good," he says to her quietly, making her look up at him. "You shouldn't have—taking on something like that by yourself isn't easy."
Hannah stood there, obstinate, unmoving. He could see, in real time, that he was losing her. He knew he should care more. But his mouth was still tingling from when Dean had kissed him, and he was not strong enough to ignore it any longer.
"Ah, yes." Cas turns the volume down on the television with the remote, so they aren't interrupted by the scream of fighter jets. "Well, my circumstances are a bit peculiar, as you know. And Rowena has lived as a human being longer than any person I'm acquainted with, so I thought she would be the best resource to go to."
"You wanna watch a movie?" Dean asks innocently. Cas has his back to him, hands busy with Dean's shirt. Sam's insistence on keeping those Tide blotter sticks handy must have rubbed off on Cas, because he packed one for the trip and he's going to down on the fabric with it. "It's probably fine, dude. It's black. It'll wash out."
"Yeah," he gets out, and then retreats towards his room, tail between his legs, relieved as he is stricken about the fact that he is, somehow, going to bed alone again.
He doesn't go up there right away, though. He tidies his room first, because it's a mess from all his not-sulking, and then he finds the kitchen in a fucking disaster from Sam's stupid vegetarian cooking—why the hell is tofu that wet? That's unnatural—so he cleans the stove and loads all the dishes and wipes down the counters. He's
"I asked you for help." Jody's voice is even, tempered with resignation, and it only makes him angrier. "Not for you to take over."
He expects a laugh maybe, or a cheeky grin, or even a 'fuck off, dude, that's none of your business', but instead he gets a soft, faraway look from Charlie, the kind that's usually accompanied by singing cherubs and soft overhead lighting.
Dean shoves his hands in his pockets and stares at the asphalt. "Thanks for the talk," he says, pushing up from the car and going back inside.
I joined you and not Bartholomew, or Malachi, or Rebecca, is because of your methodology, Castiel." She walked back over to him, agitated again. "If I disagree with how you conduct yourself, then—"
He opened his eyes to find Jonah staring at him, uncomprehending. The flutter of his Grace in the room made it difficult to draw in breath.
It's so rote by now that he doesn't have to think about it. Most times he doesn't. Anything else would be cringeworthy, and they amount to more or less the same thing in the end, don't they? Dean's being pretty obvious with how thick he's laying it on, anyway. Those words are said to people you care about, but they aren't words that belong in Dean's mouth. He knows they'd just come out wrong. It's been weeks since he had any sort of disagreement with Cas, and he isn't an idiot, despite the t-shirt soaking in the bathtub as evidence to the contrary. Keeping his mouth shut and making Cas meals like some housewife is what's responsible for that, and he wouldn't trade that kind of peace for anything.
"And yet you still suffer from dizzy spells." Cas resumes packing. There's a shirt in his hand now. "Your skills are best served elsewhere. Sam and Eileen only need a translator, not another hunter."
"Garth is using his bard," Charlie told him. "Kevin just finished making his barbarian. And honestly, maybe this is weird to say, but one of the upsides of hunting is that it gives me a lot of really cool ideas for campaigns."
"Please," Dean says, once more, just so he's sure, just so that there's no doubt in anybody's mind that he wants this as bad as Cas does.
"I don't get what the big deal is," he says in annoyance as they continue walking. They're off the beaten path, trudging through the too-green grass. He keeps his eyes peeled as best he can, but it's giving him a headache. And there's weird sunken patches scattered around, so most of what he's paying attention to is not breaking an ankle. "Been doing this shit for years without a fuss. Now we finally get a break from all the world-ending crap and suddenly a hit on the head sends everyone into a panic. Cas is up my ass about taking care of myself, but that's not much good when a case lands in our laps. Ridiculous," he mutters under his breath. "It's like we're making shit up to be worried about now. A broken arm's the new apocalypse."
Dean's wrist was within reach, and he grabbed onto it to anchor himself, cuffs clinking. His mouth was warm and soft, tasting faintly of blood from the cut on his lip. The kiss was underwhelming, quick and chaste and not nearly enough to make up for all the years that had preceded it. Castiel felt a sob escape him—felt his body begin to tremble again, and then Dean pulled back to look at him.
Dean steps around the table to give himself space, and Cas trails off at the movement, looking even less sure of himself.
"I just… wanna sleep with him," he says quietly, and feels a great weight rush out of him, like this is some kind of revelatory admission. "I want—I want him to… to want to sleep with me. I don't know if he does. I mean—he does, Cas is like—but whenever I ask him about, stuff, I don't know, we start fighting."
"Stop it," Castiel hissed, yanking Dean out of the divot and shoving him forward. His hands tightened on his arms, no doubt painful by now.
"Good. They like living in crypts if they can manage it, so we should start there." He nudges Charlie with his elbow, and she glares at him. "Wanna go for a walk?"
"How are you doing?" she asks eventually, and Dean ignores how weirdly formal the question is, like she's reading off a script.
Sam led him through the maintenance halls of the warehouse, gun pointed at the ground in front of him but still held at the ready. They passed several bodies as they moved, all beheaded. He could sense a reaper nearby, in an adjacent hallway, negotiating with the souls it had to ferry into Purgatory. It had a good deal of work to do here tonight.
Jody checks that the latches on the screen and glass door are properly closed before replying. "Boundaries," she says, like that's all that needs to be said. When he raises an uncomprehending brow, Jody rolls her eyes. "Alex is growing up. If I stop her from living her life, I may as well hand her back over to a nest."
Charlie stands up and walks away from the bed, heading for the door. "You're right, you didn't ask me. Cas did."
This close, Castiel could feel his voice. It vibrated along the column of his throat; it echoed against the cage of his ribs. It even sounded different. Deeper, more rough and honest.
The couch is apparently not an appropriate place to have this discussion, so they're in the kitchen now. He suspects it's so Charlie can have easy access to the rest of her beer, which she'd stashed in the fridge, and Dean watches with wanton jealousy as she tips the last of her second IPA into her mouth. She stands perched against the moral high ground of the island counter, the better to judge him from. His head had begun to pound and also spin, so Dean is relegated to the lowly serfdom of the kitchen table.
"Thank you," she whispers into his shoulder in a cracked voice, and any lingering doubts he has about taking this case vanishes. Then she pulls away, eyes red-rimmed but dry, and gives him a proper once-over. "What the hell happened to you?"
"Not my problem." Tessa looked away again, focusing on Dean. Castiel wished he could see or hear him; all he could sense was echoes and impressions. "That's not my job," she said to Dean. "I don't serve angels, especially not this one."
"Well, it's true. Clichés are clichés for a reason." She glances back into the apartment for a moment before looking at him. "We might get interrupted."
The nurse comes back into the room just then, right on cue, like they'd choreographed this shitshow together. "Exit's still clear."
Well, he supposes he deserves that. It doesn't make the anger go away, though. He scrubs a hand over his face, listening to the stubble rasp against his palm. He's not getting any sleep anytime soon. Hasn't he suffered enough already?
"You know what Cas said to me when he called? He said, 'hey, Charlie, I want you here so Dean doesn't do anything stupid', and you know what you're doing? You know what this—" she waves her hand between them emphatically and almost hits him by accident, "—is? God, I'm going to be in so much shit it's not even funny. If your boyfriend kills me, I'm haunting you for the rest of your life."
"That's how you were able to deceive Naomi," Jonah continued. "That's how Metatron was able to seal off Heaven."
"Fast as I can," his brother huffs next to him, spearing the dirt again. The ground is only slightly more forgiving than concrete, which given the way this night is going, that's a stroke of good fortune. Dean's fingers are numb as he redoubles his grip on the handle of his own shovel, the joints in his arms jolting unpleasantly as he slams it back into the hard-packed earth. They should have brought a fucking flamethrower or something.
"What is it?" Cas asks finally, after Dean stands in the doorway for a minute. He doesn't look up from his book.
His arms were dead weight in his lap, wrists mangled and muscles useless. Castiel could at least collect the hem of Dean's shirt in his fingers, and he held fast to the fabric. Dean had to leave—he should have left already; he should never have come here—but he was warm and close and the softest thing Castiel had touched in weeks. Dean was so immediate, so real.
Jonah pressed the tip of his blade into the concrete, leaning on it. "How did you discover what to do?"
"But," Cas continues, the word firm, unyielding, "I can account for only a few times in all the years I have known you when I wanted you as badly as I did then."
Theo couldn't pace—too many bones and feathers in the room for that now—so instead he stood very still in front of Castiel, unhurried and content to observe. There was blood up to nearly his elbows from the process of pulling Castiel's wings down, and he hadn't bothered to wash it off. It would fleck away from his skin like scales when he moved, littering the floor around him.
"I can't stab or shoot heights," he says irritably, gripping the railing with his free hand a little too tightly and taking a generous pull of his beer before wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "Ugh."
"Exactly what you're doing," Dean whispered against his skin, breath blowing across the shell of his ear. Cas was shaking. "Relax."
"I wouldn't say my best," Dean mutters. "Look, whatever you're gonna—gonna do—" God, the thing has a tight fucking grip on his chin. It hurts to talk. "I'd at least like to know where I'm gonna bite it."
Cas' eyes sweep over him, like he's appraising him. Hope you like what you see, dude, it's all I got on offer right now.
"I'm more capable in my true form." Cas sounded aggravated, edging towards grouchy, but he didn't let go of his grip on Dean's bicep. Again, his fingers were cool—too cool, maybe. He remembered them being warmer in the scrapyard. "This vessel is damaged. It's imprecise."
There's enough whisky in his system that by the time he opens a private browser tab on Sam's old hand-me-down laptop, he doesn't feel stupid. Or, well, not
Dean's hands were shaking and bloody as they pulled away from his brother. Castiel gently palpated Sam's stomach, which was a mess of gore. He'd been stabbed very badly; the damage was complex.
"It's okay if you're not," Sam told him. Castiel could feel the concern radiating off of him; a bright and constant thrum of compassion for others that never seemed to falter. "Sounds like you have a lot on your plate."
Castiel circled around from the other side, meeting Sam. Dean was in poor shape—gore on his clothes, though most of it likely wasn't his; bruises on his face from fighting; eyes bloodshot and rimmed with red; blood smeared across his mouth, glistening between the grooves of his teeth. That blood was also not his.
Dean's throat worked. His jaw shifted, as if rolling the words around in his mouth, but he didn't speak. The postcards creaked faintly in his hands, bowing upwards from the tight grip he had on them.
"Uh, yeah." Dean makes a cursory sweep of the counters to make sure he hasn't left a mess, then makes a swift exit from the kitchen, tossing a strained
All it took was a flick of Dean's thumb to unbutton his trousers; another to pull down the zipper and slip his hand inside. Cas was hard and hot against his hand, and Dean felt Cas' fingers dig deep into his biceps at the contact.
He cleared his throat, and a small but very genuine smile tugged at his mouth. "Yes," he replied finally, and a quiet bubble of laughter escaped him, which seemed to surprise him.
Ignoring the disturbing amount of bones littering the floor, he glances down at his legs and frowns. His right pant leg is split up the inseam all the way to his knee. Dean leans forward and pulls it aside awkwardly with his bound hands, and hisses when the fabric pulls wetly away from the skin of his calf.
His atoms shook apart as Castiel cradled his soul in the palms of his hands, folding him into the centre of himself until they were a single, shared coordinate, and if Dean still had lungs he would weep from the joy of it.
"You know, maybe you should just reach into my chest and pull out what you need," Dean offered. "I don't mind."
He closes his eyes, the fury burning his throat and nose and eyes and mouth. He wants to say it. It should be disturbing, how close he comes to letting the words out. But he just feels exhausted, burnt out beyond recognition. There's no fight left in him anymore.
"Don't backseat cook at me," Sam said immediately, though there was a smile on his face. "I have my process, you have yours."
It's way too hard to talk and shiver and dig at the same time, so Dean focuses on the latter two. The next hour is gonna suck really, really bad.
Then there's the other stuff. He's supposed to set boundaries; tell his side of the story, set the facts straight so Cas knows to just be pissed off at him for shit that's actually his fault. Only fools represent themselves in court, but Sam never passed the bar, and he doesn't have a lot of enthusiastic counsel in his corner these days, so he'll have to make do.
"Well, maybe she wants to live here," Sam says, shooing Dean far enough away from the mouth of the dryer to grab a towel from it.
"I'll clean all this shit up tomorrow," Sam told him, sitting down heavily into one of the chairs with a sigh. He sipped at his tea, and looked up at Castiel when he didn't respond. "How you feeling?"
"You don't have to follow me around," Cas said. The defensiveness crept back into his voice. "I'm perfectly capable of standing here on my own."
Castiel could not repair his wings, not here, not with the time they had. Instead he folded them away, guiding them gently back into the wheeling fold of his Grace, suspended above the flow of spacetime. They were in horrific shape, but they would be safe there, awaiting his own tending. He still wasn't sure if they could be fully reconstructed, at least not to their original glory. Even after he repaired all the damage, they would still be mangled; they would still bear the scars of what Theo had done to them.
"I'm hurting now," he whined, and reached down to touch himself. He hissed through clenched teeth, resisting the overwhelming need to move his hand. "Fuck."
Dean sat up beside him—or tried to. Cas took hold of his shoulders as he wobbled, keeping him steady while he pulled himself upright, concerned at the dizzy look on his face.
Dean's shoulders rolled; he shifted in place, uncomfortable. A sharp breath escaped him, too bitter to be called a laugh. "You sure now how to treat a guy, Cas."
The motel is actually pretty sweet. They have a room on the second floor, and if you crouch down really low when looking out the window, you could see a slice of the shoreline in between the buildings and tree coverage. Dean's knee is acting up, so he doesn't, but it's comforting to know the water is so close.
"I was planning on having a conversation with you, too, you know," he says quietly, and fights a smile when he sees Cas' eyes flick down to his mouth.
"Sorry about this," he says to one of the portraits as he feels around for any secret compartments, just in case. It's a bone-slim old dude in a suit who looks like he made his living being miserable. Rest in peace, I guess.
Castiel stepped inside, tilting his head in amusement. "I thought I would be, too." He watched Dean stifle a yawn around his knuckles, and the smile slipped from his mouth. "I'm sorry, I didn't realise you were going to sleep."
Cas tilts his head. "In a way," he says, which means it's not at all like that and he's just humouring Dean. Then he looks at him again, really looks at him, and the anxious pinch at his brow returns. "You should shower. You'll feel better."
"It's gonna hurt," Dean assures him, and grins when Cas grabs his wrist to stop him from moving his hand any further. "I want it to."
"It was gonna rot in the fridge if I didn't, and I didn't want to hear you bitch about it." Sam handed him the plate. "There's diced avocado in the fridge if you want protein."
Dean nodded, interrupting himself with a yawn. "Yeah," he said, rubbing at his eyes. "You? Or whatever you did. Wait—how are your wings?"
"No, it's—no." He shook his head. Dean led them deeper into the lot, rounding a corner so that they were headed towards the speciality license vehicles. He had no idea how the hell Bobby got a hold of a cement truck, but it offered shade, so they stood behind it.
"That was all we found on him, sir," Oren reported, misunderstanding him. His eyes cast about the room. "We should leave."
There's a brush of warmth near his head. Cas is kissing his brow, gently, once, before receding. Oh, Christ. This can't be real. "I'll be back in a few hours," he says quietly.
"Yeah, but the good parts are worth the bad stuff," she says confidently, and he remembers too late that Charlie hangs out with people who argue about bad television like it's a competitive sport. "Besides, I figured you'd enjoy it anyway."
Castiel wasn't sure what his expression looked like, but Dean quickly cleared his throat, eyes widening. "Or not, okay. No cutting wings off."
She looked up from her screen, startled, glancing at Sam before meeting Castiel's eyes. "Me? Yeah, I guess so. Why?"
"Okay…?" Dean says, confused. This is not the blow-out fireworks display he'd been anticipating. His hands are trembling by his sides with unspent adrenaline. Shouting, throwing shit, sniping at each other, he knows how to do that. But this? He's barely treading water here.
"I'm not letting you go, man, not ever," he manages to get out, because he doesn't know how else to say it, and Cas still seems like he can't believe what he's hearing. God, he's been so fucking
Dean sets his jaw, looks away. The shitty little TV bolted to the wall in the far corner is muted, but some awful daytime detective procedural is playing on screen. From what he can gather, they're investigating a suspicious drowning in the local river.
graveyard. He'll apologise to her, too, while he's at it. All he does these days is say sorry to people.
Another look around the room reveals a bit more than bone; scraps of fabric, old clothing, hair and teeth and dried globs of meat clinging to splintered ribs. There's also a pile of wet skin and clothing in the corner, and he vaguely recognises the cop's uniform in the fleshy sludge. Great.
"Well," Cas stutters, his brow furrowed. "I don't know how else to account for your behaviour. I assumed I was being overbearing, and when I offered to give you space, you took it, so I thought…."
"Well, you're standing out here smoking in a parking lot in the middle of the night," she says, smiling at him. "Figured something was on your mind."
Castiel found them in one of the boardrooms. Blood coated the carpet and table in greasy, uneven smears. Against the wall was the slumped vessel of a dead angel, wings burned obliquely against the wall and floor. Sam had fallen away from him, lying awkwardly on the floor, hands clutching at the wound in his gut. It was clear what had happened; Castiel felt a surge of pride. Of course Sam had won the fight.
It takes Cas a moment to register the comment. Maybe because there's not enough blood in his brain, or because he just really likes going to town on Dean's neck. But eventually he pauses, head still hovering by his throat, breath blowing across Dean's wet and battered skin. Then he lifts his head up, a frown on his face that slices through the fog of arousal.
Jonah made more points of entry with his blade. It was difficult to muster the energy to react to them, but Castiel made sure to writhe, to scream and shout at each cut in his skin. He regretted how much it bothered Jonah, but if he was being held here long term, it was a necessity if he wanted to keep himself intact.
A flicker of doubt crosses Cas' face, which isn't what Dean had been going for at all. He brushes his knuckles along his cheek, and Cas leans into it. "Not complaining, dude, trust me," he says, and is relieved to watch the apprehension drain away from Cas' features. "It's just funny."
Dean's not in a motel room now, and there's no television handy. The room smells like rot, not old cigarette smoke and cleanser. The noise that wakes him is not music; it's screaming.
"She enjoys spending time with me," Cas says with a pleased quirk of his mouth, and then looks back at one of the assorted pots, reaching up and rubbing a finger over the stalk of some weird purple reed. "And I enjoy spending time with her."
He emerges from the last crypt, sweaty and aching, and tries not to lose his cool. There's something he's missing.
"Do you also know that only two other angels survived our incursion into Hell?" Cas asks, ignoring him. He sets the bottle down on the workbench and begins to pace, gravel grinding beneath his boot heel. "The mission to save you was costly, and those of us that survived were severely injured. The rebuilding process was supposed to be a collective effort, but I was the only one whole enough to undertake it. The task before me was infinitely complex—remaking your body from the ribbons I pulled from the Pit took far longer than anticipated. But I relished the responsibility given to me." Cas pauses, looking down at his upturned hands. Pride colours his face, a sort of excessive self-adoration Dean hasn't seen him wear in a long time. When he speaks again, his voice is soft, reverent, and there's a small smile on his face. "I was excellent at it. I know now that no angel in all of Creation could have done what I did. Michael's instructions were very clear: he was to be delivered a vessel worthy of his Grace, and I made you more than what you had been before. I was careful to remove all physical traces of your history with Hell, to correct any worn joints, any old scars that caused you grief. You were the most beautiful human being I had ever seen, and I alone was gifted with the duty of remaking you." Cas looks up at him, hands folding into his fists that fall to his side, face sober and severe once more. "I know every atom of your body, Dean Winchester, and yet I have never been able to predict with any degree of accuracy what you will do next."
He heard the pillow rustle as Dean nodded. With the room this quiet, it was easy to catch the hitch in his breath, the soft sound of him wetting his lips in preparation to speak. Yet Dean remained silent.
It would be nothing to lean his head down on Cas' shoulder. He wouldn't even have to move that much—gravity would do most of the work for him.
That has to be the reason he's sitting here, miserable and shirtless, instead of being kissed senseless. He decides that it is, because it sounds right.
Cas is standing next to her, their heads bowed as he hands her a slip of paper. "That's Sam's cell, and Eileen's," he's telling her, "but you shouldn't have a problem reaching me."
Then, Dean cleared his throat. "Let me get this straight," he said evenly, the tone of his voice carefully controlled. "You're avoiding me because I'm—what? A distraction? To your battle upstairs?"
Panicked seized in Castiel's throat. "Get out," he whispered, though he wanted to shout at him. "Through the window. Quickly. Dean—"
Mary shoves her hands in her pockets, staring out at the highway. It's an unusually cold night for July, and the air is wet and heavy with the threat of rain.
he thought, stepping over the vessel of one of his men. Angels without clear orders and a contested chain of command were little more than hammers, and all the world was littered with nails. If this fighting continued, Raphael might get his Apocalypse after all, and Castiel found some grim humour in the fact that he wouldn't be alive to see it.
"I meant what I said to you," Dean says, wincing at how desperate it comes out. "That wasn't—I wasn't lying."
"It is my duty," Jonah said immediately, more sure of himself now. There was comfort in being commanded by another, and Castiel still missed it sometimes. Not right now, of course—but sometimes.
"Let me find it," he muttered, his hands full of postcards. The small gap between them on the mattress was gone now; their thighs brushed together, and Castiel forced himself to pay attention to the shuffling movement of Dean's fingers.
"How did you do it?" Jonah demanded. Castiel was allowed to sit now, though only because his vessel had expired yesterday and had to be revived. Angels were also not particularly adept at keeping human bodies alive—at least, not road-tending seraphs like Jonah. "Receive revelation from outside Heaven."
Jonah studied him, circling around Castiel. His movements were stiff, controlled—his body was the only part of himself he felt comfortable controlling.
"I wouldn't… I wouldn't blame you," he says thickly, trying to keep his eyes open. If he's awake, that means Cas won't leave. "I wouldn't…."
Castiel watched him ruffle around in his dresser for clothes. His shirt was rucked up around one hip, exposing a warm strip of skin, dangerously tempting.
He keeps talking, rambling about bullshit so there's no chance for the quiet to creep in. Cas has gone completely still in front of him, eyes carefully following the movement of Dean's thumb. His fingers twitch occasionally, and his arm tenses once or twice when Dean hits a tender spot, but mostly he just… sits there and listens to Dean talk.
"You mean will I be pissed at you if you ghost me for another month?" Dean asked with a grin. "Maybe. But I know you have a war to fight. So just—be careful. And come find me if you get hurt again. I got a nice juicy soul you can tickle."
"Life's not fair," she calls back, and then tromps up the rental truck's ramp before disappearing inside.
"Right." That disappoints him for some reason. And it's not because of how incredibly hot it is that Cas was so worked up about him that he had to hang out on the roof just to stay sane. That part makes his week. No, it's something else.
"Alright, onto plan C." Dean grunted, adjusting his grip. Castiel concentrated on keeping his knees from buckling. Dean's voice wavered with adrenaline when he spoke, but his tone was firm. "I'm gonna call Hannah and get her down here. She'll know what to do."
"No," Cas said again, and came to stand beside him. At their backs was the massive, cracked drum of the cement mixer, imposing and cool to the touch. "No. I would like to stay here."
"And…." He hesitated. "I believe I've overstepped a boundary in calling you back here. I'm sorry for that."
A hand came up to pull away the washcloth draped over his eyes. They were still bloodshot, but he was a lot more lucid than he had been last night.
Cas looks up from the pizza boxes he's flattening on the other side of the counter. "Yes," he says cryptically instead of his usual thank-you, and Dean raises a brow. Cas' mouth quirks. "Eileen told me very emphatically that you should invest in a maid."
It's hard to tell if this is the first time Cas called his name. He suspects it isn't, judging by how panicked he sounds, and something that resembles an apology tumbles out of Dean's mouth.
Dean's answering sigh blew across his face. One of his hands worked at the tucked-in hem of Castiel's shirt, pulling it free from the waistband of his pants and trailing his fingers underneath. Castiel shivered with pleasure in response, feeling Dean's hand slip beneath his undershirt and trail up his back until he found his shoulder blade. The pads of his fingers pressed carefully against his skin, feeling the fresh scars there.
"Hey," he says gruffly, "you're doing a pretty good job keeping me alive. Sammy'll go to bat for how hard that is."
"Dean, I'm sorry, I—" He stared off into the lot, listening to something only he could hear, eyes darting around rapidly. "I have to go," he repeated, tone resolute, looking back at Dean. "Now."
The word echoes loudly in the low room, and it's forceful enough that both of them actually pause. He looks at his own ghoul, wrinkling his nose at the rotten smell of its breath, and finds it staring back at him curiously.
Jody looks about two seconds away from jumping out of her seat and strangling him, so he drops it. "The case had to get solved, and solved quick," he tells her, laying it all out. He can't believe he has to explain this to her. "Charlie wanted to wait until morning—"
He didn't bother to wake Sam. The snow was letting up a little; enough that driving wasn't such a nightmare. He quickly got back onto the highway, where the roads were salted, and hauled ass to Sioux Falls.
"I'm—" I'm a blubbering mess, that's what. Cas darts his tongue over his pulse, bites the delicate skin of his throat, and Dean is sure he loses consciousness for a brief moment. "I can't… I can't believe this is—happening—"
"How to feel more human," he says, with the same tone you'd use to comment on the rain. "She was the one who suggested I take up a hobby like woodworking—though she was insistent on gardening as a superior way to pass the time." They're moving again, much to Dean's dismay. God, his leg really hurts, and Cas has his good hand, so he can't exactly lean on shit now.
"As for your little problem—" She looks down at the apartment building's lawn, her short nails tapping against the glass of her beer bottle. "I mean it's a cliché, but… you're never gonna know if you don't try."
Dean spent all day in the lavatory. Sam was allowed to occasionally check in on him to refill his water or hand him a washcloth, but otherwise Dean refused any company. Castiel disliked the thought of him lying alone on the floor for all those hours, but Sam assured him this was usually how Dean behaved when he was sick, so he reluctantly stayed clear of the bathrooms.
He sat up. It was more difficult than he would have liked, but he still managed to fold himself into a sitting position, feet now on the floor. Sam offered help more than once, but he refused it. A bead of sweat tracked down his temple from the effort, and while he didn't need to breathe, this body was nonetheless breathless from the movement.
way. "She thinks Alex moving in the first place is stupid, and also that she wants to move in with her, and
Dean nods, shoving more bacon into his mouth. "I can bring my car jack up to the roof after, use it to hold the bottom up while you screw it back in place."
"Well, you've done some stupid shit," he conceded with a tilt of his head. "That worked out, though."
"No," Jody agrees, with a sigh that tells him she's been there, done that. He supposes she has—with Bobby, with Asa. Not to mention her husband. Come to think of it, she's probably had much worse luck than he has in that department.
"I know," he whispered, smiling with enough warmth that for a moment Castiel believed him. Maybe he did know. "It's okay. We'll do it again, Cas. I promise. But only if you get your ass up off the floor."
"I thought she dropped out." Dean closes the laptop and shoves it away, useless fucking thing that it is.
"I enjoy doing laundry with you, Dean," he adds, really driving the point home. His smile is sweet enough that Dean is glad there aren't any windows in the place, or he'd be jumping out of one right about now. How the cashiers in town haven't all jumped Cas' bones is beyond him. If someone smiled at him like that, he'd be slapping a fruit sticker on his ass and bending over the conveyor belt in the slim hope that Cas would pick him up with the same care that he selected his tomatoes every week.
He pulls his hand away from his face and looks at her. He can only make out the vague outline of her body, but it's enough. "What?"
"No, he won't. He'll freak out, bail on Sam and come up here, all pissed, and then we'll have to wait for him, and more people will die while we're sitting around doing nothing."
Everything is still on track. If they're fast, they can get all this shit wrapped up by dinnertime today, and by then he'll be good enough to drive so Charlie can sleep on the road. They'll be back in Lebanon by midnight, just in time for bed, and bam, Bob's your uncle. The trickiest part of the plan is actually ganking the suckers. Being vertical outdoors is still a work in progress for some fucking reason. It's been nearly two weeks; he should be done with all this shit by now.
Okay, so, he's oversharing a little, his shot going a bit wide of the mark. But it makes Cas smile, so he hasn't blown it completely.
"We spent six weeks looking for you, Castiel!" She turned away from him, pacing restlessly about the room. "Six weeks! And now, most of our men are dead, and you're—you're running off with the Winchesters."
Dean tilts his head up enough so he can catch Cas' eye. "You're not gonna stop now that we're sleeping together again, are you?"
"Uh," he hums, swallowing. "Yeah." Okay, maybe he should have fainted. All this thinking and standing at the same time is exhausting.
Theo ignored him. He drew blood again with his knife, this time along the sweep of Dean's jaw. The edge of the blade scraped along the fresh stubble with a rough whisper. "We couldn't understand how you'd rebelled—how you had accomplished something only Lucifer had ever done. The other angels gave you far too much credit. They said you had discovered free will—a gift God gave only to Man. But now we know." Dean's eyes bulged as he tightened his arm, cutting into his windpipe.
Eventually he runs out of joints and muscles to knead, though, and unless he wants to reinjure Cas' hands by overworking them, he's gotta let go. His fingers finally go still, which makes everything worse because now they're just holding hands instead of—of whatever the fuck he'd been doing. Jesus, he's an idiot.
"Let me," Dean says, pushing up so he's sitting on the edge of the mattress, Cas standing before him. He frames his hips with his hands, looking up at him, heart beating in the heat of his face, and feels his eyes flutter closed when Cas threads a hand through his hair.
"There are three entrances to the warehouse," she tells them, indicating the building. "Or, three that I know of. We'll probably have runners, so covering the exits is crucial. I've got two of those—" She points to the bed, where a small black container with chunky security clasps sits on the edge, "—which should help with crowd control. I spent the last few days scoping the place out. I'm expecting the size of the nest to be in the fifteen to twenty range."
"You're cold," Cas noted, looking around for a towel large enough to use as a blanket and coming up short. Irritated, he shrugged out of his jacket an arm at a time, draping it over Dean's shoulders as he offered him the water bottle. Dean batted it away weakly, wincing.
He held the postcard carefully in his hands, only touching the edges. The paper was old enough that it was browning at the corners, and a white crease ran through the middle. On the front of it was the ruins of Elgin Cathedral in Scotland, its stone worn down and crumbling from centuries of weathering. The picture was taken from inside the church; the roof was completely gone, and the low remains of the outer walls framed the grounds, which were thick with grass and littered with ancient bricks. What stood tallest was the back wall of the church, buttressed on either side with stone and built from thick columns. The frame of the high window was still intact, segmented like a citrus fruit, though the glass was long gone.
"Better not be," she says, but there's a trace of humour in her voice, enough that he can finally breathe a little. "How was your car ride?"
"It takes seven to ten days for most people to recover from a concussion," he continues, and he's still not talking to Dean, not really. "But you're not most people. You've spent your entire life accruing traumatic injuries, sleeping on the road and eating irregularly. I counteracted some of that, when I pulled you from the Pit. I made sure to bring you back more than whole, wherever possible. I thought—I told myself I was doing it for Michael's benefit, but I wanted to alleviate any burdens you may have had."
"I meant like, make out." Dean dragged his head up to look at Castiel. He looked excruciatingly beautiful—flushed and warm and soft. "Usually someone makes a move by now."
There's those words again. Cas says them so convincingly, like it's the most obvious thing in the world that they're true. And he's still petting Dean's hair, so he has no choice but to believe him.
"It's not anyone's fault," Sam said quickly. "And it's nothing we can't handle. This has happened before."
"Relax," he reminded him, running his hand up the length of his erection. Cas was panting in his ear now, breathing erratic, hips moving unevenly. He was already slick with pre-come, and Dean laughed again. "Jesus, you're like a time bomb."
Dean was frozen in the doorway, eyes wide and restless in their sockets as they swept the circumference of the cell. When they eventually landed on Castiel, they were full of dread. "What did they do to you?"
"They're better." He touched his shoulder, above where the incision marks still pulled at his vessel's skin. "It'll have to do for now."
billboards, and nods supportively through Dean's insistence that every person who drives a BMW is demonic. Cas in the passenger seat is enough of a novelty that driving doesn't feel like the infuriating monotony it usually is, especially late at night, and when Cas begins to dip into the road trip games bag, starting with Eye-Spy, Dean can't help but play along.
He gets now why Bobby always made him and Sam dig up the graves while he 'kept watch' for security guards. Even with the sun down, the June heat in Nashville is insufferable, but the sweating isn't the worst part. His back is broken, he decides. No functioning spine hurts this badly.
It was difficult to judge how much time had passed. The sun disappeared from the window, replaced by the hazy night sky only seen in large urban centres, whose light hid all stars from view. Snow still fell, though it fell now in soft, small pellets, collecting on the windowsills and looking much like the salt hunters coated their homes with. It was entirely aesthetic, and yet it strangely made him feel safer. A wall between him and the open sky, however humble.
Castiel nodded. Dean would do this once more tomorrow, a final dose, and then he would slowly recover from the violent immune response the Campbell's mixture forced his body into. Castiel regretted the grim necessity of it; he regretted how little comfort he could offer.
Dean and Cas are covering the north exit; Sam and Eileen the south; and Mary and her smoke machine will cover the east. They'll hit the nest at dawn and ditch town by noon. Simple case, simple plan, what could go wrong.
"Right," Sam hummed, meaning the exact opposite of that. "Look, I know Cas is really busy. I don't think he's avoiding you, or us. But he seems temperamental lately, and it's hard to know what bothers him sometimes. I'm just saying we gotta be extra patient with him. Right?"
"I don't—" Dean risks a glance in her direction and finds no mercy. This sucks. "I mean, I've been giving him hints, y'know. Pretty big ones."
The air contracted in the room, interrupting them, and Dean looked up at the disordered sound of fluttering wings to see Cas stumble into the table by the entrance to the war room. He muttered something Dean didn't catch, grabbing the edge of the table for support, and watched with detached interest at the stack of books he'd bumped into fall all over the floor.
"Clear!" he hears Sam call out, and the room seems to settle. Good. It's way too loud in here, and Dean's enjoying how comfortable the floor is.
He looked up at Dean. The low light pulled at the creases around his eyes more than usual, making him look older than he was. Castiel sighed. "She knows something is wrong."
"This, all of it." Dean flaps his outstretched hand, indicating the apartment building, the asphalt, the rain, the truck, him. "Being human."
in a million years think that— "And you just, you've always been there. Even if you left, you always came back. I couldn't shake you."
"You do realise the only reason we aren't still in Kansas is because I know how dumb you are, right?" He fixes her with a nasty glare while she continues. "You were seriously going to drive all the way to South Dakota with a broken arm and a concussion—"
Cas pulls away to draw in breath, clearly annoyed at being interrupted by something as trivial as oxygen, and looks down at Dean with a cross between deep fondness and long-suffering resignation. It's quickly becoming his favourite expression. "You lied next to me, in bed, with no shirt on," he says a little breathlessly, with all the gravity of a trench runner reporting to his sergeant that they've just lost another platoon. "For two hours and sixteen minutes. I hate that movie."
Dean shifts uncomfortably in his seat. He may as well be in the principal's office. "I don't know, man, it's—he was packing for the case, and I started kissing him, and then he freaked out and said I'm making him choose between me and Sam, and I got mad, and then he left. That was it."
"I've tried to explain this to you before," Castiel reminded him calmly. "You were uninterested in the topic."
"I've wanted to, to—" His heart beat raggedly in his chest. He would shake apart in Dean's arms, he thought, and that was not the worst way to die. "Dean, I've wanted—"
"Then you understand that you're not the only one capable of making deals with the devil?" Cas asks him, eyes darting around his face, intense and unyielding. "Your death would be—is, forever—unacceptable to me. I can't…." His jaw works. The gravel crunches as he shifts idly, like he's unsure of how to hold himself. "You still treat yourself like you're expendable. Your history with the afterlife is one very few human beings share, but it's not a foregone conclusion. Death will be permanent for you, Dean, and I can't abide that."
He grinds his jaw. The Marlboros crumple in his hand, so he shoves them back into his pocket. She didn't mean it like a comparative thing, he knows that. He doesn't tell her it's a slap in the face anyway. "I don't—I don't know, what I want to say," he says haltingly. "It's like, like whenever I try to get it out, it comes out wrong, and then people get mad at me for shit I didn't mean, and then we start fighting, and half the time I don't even fucking know what we're fighting about. It's just noise."
He tried to think of a future where that would conceivably happen again. A hypothetical point in time where Heaven was restored and the angels could return, and he was welcomed back into his garrison, working alongside his siblings.
Castiel cupped a hand around the back of his head. The sensation of Dean's fingers threading through his hair has been exceedingly pleasant, and so he mimicked the motion now, gently scraping his nails along Dean's scalp until he shivered in his arms and let out a groan.
Wherever this cellar was, it was somewhere urban. He could see a street lamp rising up above a cracked sidewalk; a small sliver of blue sky was visible between two towering office complexes. Sometimes people would walk past the window, a brief flash of exposed calf or ironed pant leg sliding by. Castiel even caught snippets of idle conversation, though it was impossible to talk to any of them. He could scream until his vessel's vocal chords were damaged and no one would hear it.
"Yes, well," Cas hums, sounding amused again. "That was precisely the issue for a while. During our… hiatus, I struggled a great deal with getting my feelings under control. Desire as experienced through a human body is much more intense than I anticipated. There's very little remedy for it."
The silence in the car lasted for several minutes, and he could tell Sam and Charlie were both uncomfortable. Castiel searched for words to explain himself, to correct whatever indiscretion he'd clearly committed. He knew Dean would be even less receptive to this conversation, and found himself grateful that his friend was locked in the trunk. For the time being, anyway.
Cas was silent for a moment, staring straight ahead at the busted up Ford ranger in front of them. "I recall you were sleeping when I arrived," he said finally, and with the same relieved tilt of his mouth as before. It made something in Dean's chest tighten; it also made him come to a decision.
"This will take a few moments," Jonah said, voice full of uncertainty as he pressed a hand to Castiel's bare chest. "I've never done this before."
"Thanks," he whispers. He has to keep saying it until he gets it right. "Cas, thank you. Thank you for—"
Dean settles further back in his chair, mulling that over. It's probably a good idea. It's been a while since Mary's called
Charlie had coffee, too, though she wasn't taking baby sips. "Not before your character is finished."
They kiss until Dean's jaw hurts, until he's breathless and sweaty and feels his dick twitch, the little engine that could struggling to rise to the occasion. Cas has fucked him who knows how many times today, wrung out everything Dean's got, and his body's still trying for one more go. The prospects don't look good.
He's trying so hard not to spell out PEN1S on the fridge that it takes him a second to realise Jody hasn't responded to him. Dean looks up to find her staring at him incredulously, and shrinks back a little, sheepish.
"Sorry I messed up your shirt," Dean said then, coughing into the towel under his head. Castiel frowned down at himself, plucking at the front of his dress shirt. It was wrinkled from the heat of Dean's body, smudged with blood in a few places. Some of it was from the nosebleed Dean had given him, though he seemed in no rush to apologise for that.
Charlie graciously offered Cas shotgun, opting to spread out in the backseat, shoving the duffel bags to the floor and curling up on the leather bench, folding her jacket into a pillow against the window. Sam kept a white-knuckle grip on the wheel as he drove, trying to avoid dips and bumps in the road. He tensed up whenever there was noise from the trunk.
Dean opens his eyes. His field of view is full of Cas. Cas, Cas, Cas, it's Cas all the way down. He's come to the conclusion that this is the ideal scope through which he should approach life. Nevermind apocalypses or crossroads or even bunkers. A bed full of naked Cas is all he needs to be fulfilled. That, and the hand in his hair.
"I always found your sparse sleeping schedule impressive," Cas mumbles into the blanket. "Now it seems impossible."
"You're treating me like some—" He looked at the door, as if just realising they may be overheard, and lowered his voice. "I'm not a housewife. I'm not—we aren't even—" His throat worked. "I give you one handy in a parking lot and now you're doing the whole noble soldier thing. It's weird."
Charlie holds up a finger to pause, and Dean collapses against his chair, breathing like he'd just run a marathon. There's not enough oxygen in the room for this. Why the fuck does he live in a place with zero windows?
"Yeah. They usually stick to dead people, but we salted and burned a lot of the bodies in Sioux Falls' cemeteries when… you know, that whole walking dead thing happened." He winces. "They're probably hard up for food, walking around looking for a meal. They shapeshift into whoever they ate last, so one of them probably snacked on her husband's corpse and then went looking for her. Keep an eye out for Mariam in the next few days, it's probably wearing her face as its new get-up."
He can feel Cas frowning at him as he watches the road. It's more or less a straight shot driving west to get back to Lebanon, but it's also gonna take them about seventeen hours to get there, which means it's actually going to take them two days. They'll need to stop at some point and rest, which does very little to improve his mood. Once they get back to Kansas he's lying prone in his bed for a week straight. Maybe that'll set his head back on straight.
Dean doesn't have the perspective or the vocabulary of an angel, but he's struck dumb watching Cas, chest and face flushed, stubble prickling his jaw and throat, muscle rolling fluidly in his arm as he runs a hand along the length of his dick, the thick column of his thighs punching deep divots in the bed where he's braced between Dean's legs. His hair's still tousled from when Dean ran his hands through it, and the broad bellows of his ribcage strains harshly against his skin as he exhales roughly. Never in Dean's life has he got it so bad for someone, and if it's the last thing he ever does, he's gonna make Cas feel as good as he does right now.
yet, which probably means something. But as long as Dean doesn't actually try to talk to him, he won't have to find out. Perfectly reasonable.
"Yeah, we can figure all that out later," Dean says impatiently. "I thought we were having a conversation about—"
"Just pick three," she told him, sliding her dungeon master's manual across the table for him to look at. The book clipped his plate, and he winced at the clatter. "We'll go over spells after."
He looks up from their duffels as Charlie gets out of the car and strides over to him. Dean braces for whatever is coming his way; a punch, perhaps, but Charlie just stops in front of him.
"I will do all that I am able," he interrupted Sam, tone more firm now. "And I can do this. I've already been here for far too long."
She slides her tablet across the library table to him, the screen filled with pictures of the place. It's cozy and quaint, with ivy climbing up the brownstone and shingles that litter the ground with gravel every time it rains. It's the kind of spot you'd try to convince your wife is a good (read: cheap) place to go for a honeymoon.
A half-rotted warehouse ceiling greets him when he opens his eyes, unfocused and spinning. Pain blooms across his forehead, throbbing into his eye sockets, in perfect tempo with the rapid beat of his heart. He wants to touch his head, feel for where the hit came from, but that's not working, either; his fingers twitch, and violet spots wink in his vision from the pain that lances up his left arm.
been a while, and Dean feels like he's gonna be split down the fucking middle. He can already feel his legs quivering from the force of it.
Sam snuck Dean another look, worry plain on his face. Guess it was his turn to do something about this.
"I'm just trying to figure out what the deal is." She pauses, and when she speaks again, it's in an entirely different tone. "Are you… ashamed?"
Castiel studied him. It was difficult to judge Dean's mood by expression alone, and he was closed off from him, shielding himself carefully from deeper observation. He looked angry, and exhausted, and afraid. There was something else, as well, something he could not place, but it made Castiel ache.
They headed into the library. The tables there were even messier—charging cables for laptops and phones, reams of scattered notes, several open-faced journals, and a few discarded tomes from the Men of Letters' archives. Castiel read the spine of one of them;
"Oh." Cas shifted his head, closer to Dean's throat. "Yes. Please," he added, strangled. The words came out like a confession. As if to reinforce his request, his hips rolled up into Dean's palm, like it was the only thing that could solve his problems right now.
"It's annoying," he corrects her, and she laughs. "They leave each other mushy post-it notes on the kitchen bulletin, and kiss in public, and—you know, all the other shit."
"Help," he tried to call out, and found that his throat was too raw to let out anything more substantial than a hoarse whisper. His cell was too well-warded for sound to escape, anyway.
"Hacked into my employer's private server because you guys told me he was an evil cannibal demon thing," she finished for him.
"Then what else is bothering you?" Jody leans against the railing, which makes the hair on the back of his neck stand on end.
"Everything," Cas says quietly. "The joints in my fingers, the knuckles, the side of my palm. It's radiating down into my wrist. It's very unpleasant." He sounds irritated, like the limitations of a human body are something he should be better at commanding.
Cas frowns, and spares a glance towards the door. "You talk about your mother frequently when she isn't around. But now that she's here, you're sitting alone in your room."
Castiel moved against his restraints. All it resulted in was a clink of metal. "Someone will come for him."
Castiel's hands tightened to fists in his lap as he swallowed down the dryness in his throat. "You need to drink more water."
"It's okay," Sam said immediately, gesturing for her to lower her weapon. He circled the chair cautiously, giving Dean a wide berth before stopping in front of him. "Dean?"
"And the—" Dean grunts as the ghoul jerks his head back in its direction when he tries to look around. "The bones?"
It was an uneasy peace, and it never lasted for very long. He would quickly grow paranoid, fearful he let some detail that would help him escape slip past him, or that Theo would be in his cell when he woke. Panicked into alertness, he would jerk upright, sweating, breathing hard. Finding himself alone in his cell, empty and unchanged, he would slump back and wait for Theo to return.
"I mean, I kinda broke my last one," he says with a nervous laugh, and then sobers at the expression on Cas' face. "Yeah, no, I got you. Go ahead."
"Of course," he says again, squinting at Dean in confusion, though the little relieved tilt to his mouth is adorable.
He almost asks Cas to come with him. Not to help, he doesn't need help, but because he's feeling real stray-puppy-like and doesn't want Cas to leave. And Cas could use a shower, too. But he's already making his way to the kitchen, and Dean's alone in the library again, so he has to suck it up and be an adult. Like always.
"Yeah, mostly." She rubbed at her arm, the one she'd broken when tangling with Roman. "I don't know. Cyber warfare stuff is a lot more familiar. And I get to do it in my pajamas." She fiddled with the corner of his character sheet, dog-earing the edge. "And no one dies if I screw it up."
"No," Cas says then, startlingly clear, and grabs Dean's wrist, pins it to the bed when he tries to touch himself. His fingers are still wet from when he had them inside Dean.
He wakes up shaking, a sob caught in his throat like a stone. Dean tries to swallow it down, squeezing his eyes closed as he catches his breath.
Charlie eventually leaves, too, because she has a life and who the hell would want to live in a bunker where everyone's acting out a shitty knock-off version of a reality TV show. Dean drags his mangled carcass out of bed long enough to say bye to her, figuring this is his last chance at any kind of redemption whatsoever. He even walks her up the stairs and to the door despite all the stitches in his calf, because he cares so much.
"I also told you that I would give you the space to figure out what exactly it was that you wanted out of this relationship," Cas continues, tone making it clear that he's trying very hard not to sound rude.
Castiel met her eyes. He could tell she wanted to say something, to ask him something. When she didn't, he looked back down at Theo.
Castiel would rather not bother. As he stared down at Dean's body, lying exactly where Theo had left it, between the broken cradle of his wings, he understood better than ever that his presence here on Earth was malignant and in need of swift excision.
"That's what I figured," Sam said goodnaturedly as he sat down. He set the plate aside on the edge of the bed, peeling a pepperoni off a slice of pizza and pushing it absently into his mouth. "How you holding up?"
"Heaven is a mess right now. And that's saying something," he added, reflexively looking skyward. "It's been in turmoil for a while, but it's… bad. It keeps me busy."
Then they bank left. "You have peanut butter on you," Cas informs him, completely derailing his train of thought. He reaches up and brushes the pad of his index finger over Dean's cheek, looks down at it for a moment, and then slips it into his mouth.
Mary clears one of the tables and spreads a map across it. It's a map of Luray, with the nest marked in red. Sam showed her how to use Google maps on her phone, but Dean's never seen her use it, especially not for hunting. He smiles as she calls everyone around for a huddle.
The only thing he finds that might actually be insightful is a Dear Prudence letter about the realities of sleeping with your gay best friend, but fuck if he's gonna open that. Why is someone submitting this story to an advice column, anyway? What kind of 'realities' need to be looked at by a professional? That can only mean bad news, and he's not sure if he has the constitution to read about a guy potentially destroying his closest friendship over a shitty night of sex.
and feels a sharp, almost painful thrill of relief when Cas responds within a couple minutes. Like he was sitting around waiting for Dean to man up and text him.
Cas swallowed, nodding. "Doing it that way is painful, but generally effective," he replied. "There are more delicate ways to do it, but they require you to open yourself to me completely."
He narrowly prevents his eyes from bugging out of his head. "No! No, I just mean that—that it's a lot of pressure. We've known each other for years, and it's like—I don't, I don't date, really. I mean I have before, but—" He pauses for a much-needed drink, and frowns when he finds his bottle almost empty. "Hunting's not exactly a great lifestyle for it."
Dean broke away too soon, gasping, brow furrowed, eyes squeezing shut. Castiel's fingers were wrapped around Dean's wrists, keeping him steady. This could not be over already, he thought; he could not possibly leave with only this fleeting contact to hold onto.
"Well I won't if you keep treating this like a science experiment." He rolled onto his back, an arm slinging over his face, and tried to calm down. He felt his dick throb angrily at him—which was apparently becoming a familiar sensation around Cas.
"Hey," Dean said weakly then, looking up at Castiel with a smile that wobbled at the edges. The delicate lines around his eyes were faintly creased, hiding a freckle between their folds. "Hi."
"Well I didn't mean to disturb you, your highness," Dean snaps back, and that finally earns him a hard look. Cas says nothing, though, doesn't get angry, doesn't raise his voice. He doesn't do anything besides brush past Dean in the doorway, careful not to touch any part of him. Can't have that now, can we?
"What are you…." Surprise melts quickly into arousal, a tight heat that's clearly been simmering just below the surface for God knows how long at this point. Dean ducks his head and kisses just under his jaw, and grins when Cas eagerly tilts his head up.
She holds off on answering him long enough to let him know she's still pissed as hell. Then, eventually, she says, "not really, no. I know about them, though."
"What information?" he asked finally, warily. His fear bled out of him, easily sensed by Theo, but he couldn't help himself. There was nowhere to hide in this cell—he couldn't even look at Dean without giving himself away.
