For several minutes they just lay there recovering, then Sherlock twisted his head around and caught John's lips in a soft yet insistent kiss, his fingertips stroking the skin just above John's groin which was sticky with semen. He moved his hand up to suck on his own fingers, licking and tasting, and it wasn't long before John found himself getting hard again despite the release they'd both just had. John pulled him in for another deep kiss, finding the vague taste of himself lingering on Sherlock's tongue strange but not unpleasant. He trailed his fingers down Sherlock's spine and felt Sherlock shiver slightly in his arms.
John takes a large gulp of his tea, refocusing his eyes on the paperwork in front of him, willing himself into alertness. Its day three of their newest case, Sherlock is fully immersed in The Work, and it’s almost but not quite as exhausting as his prior boredom and restlessness. If he’s being completely honest, John is relieved that a case came their way the very day after their argument. It’s provided him with an excellent distraction to avoid the questions he must face, the therapy session he knows he needs. After all, he’s always found his work with Sherlock to be infinitely more effective than therapy ever was. Currently its one AM, Rosie is safe with Molly, and he and Sherlock are up to their elbows in records of telephone conversations and text messages.
"Really boys, you've got a whole flat to whatever you like in, do you really need to do that here?" she questioned, and neither Sherlock nor John missed the smile that she was trying hard to conceal with a stern frown, or the hint of amusement and approval beneath her impatient tone.
Sherlock wouldn't meet his eyes and John briefly wondered if he was being too harsh. Why was this so fucking hard? He almost smiled at that— he knew why, he knew exactly why. He sighed heavily and reached across the small table to touch Sherlock's hand.
"John," he whispered breathily, and waited till he had John's full attention. "I want you to fuck me."
“Don’t look at your feet, John, look at me,” Sherlock had commanded smoothly. “It’ll be easier that way, trust me.”
Mycroft paused, apparently waiting for John to say something. John declined- his mind drowning in the flood of new information and his heart horrified that Mycroft could speak so casually and coldly about his own flesh and blood. But then again, it wasn't like this was news to him.
John absently gives Rosie another push in the swing, his mind a million miles away. He usually loves seeing her excitement when they go to the playground – one of her very favourite places – but right now all he can think of is the horrible row and all the questions that have opened up in his mind. Why did he say those awful things? Why
John feels a tiny shiver run up his spine at what Sherlock would be like when he really wants something and turns on the charm. He's seen glimpses of it of course but couldn't in all honesty say for sure that he would have been able to say no if it were directed at him.
"I don't know how he's back. But I also can't rely on what I saw that day. What I thought I saw that day".
John cuts himself off as the light catches Sherlock’s back in a certain way, revealing the full extent of the scarring, and has to stop himself from letting out a gasp. There’s a plethora of scarring that seems to span the full length of Sherlock’s back, some scars deeper than others, some longer, some too perfectly round or symmetrical to be random. The scars look patterned,
“I am yours, I’ve always been yours,” Sherlock moans desperately, and his broken voice is pushing John rapidly towards the edge.
Sherlock's face was a mixture of surprise and hurt and something approaching relief, but whether it was relief at John's outpouring of emotion or relief that Sherlock was finally getting what his guilt told him he deserved, John wasn't sure. John stared into those incredible blue eyes that had once been his whole world and tried to fight the flood of emotions threatening to overwhelm him. Anger was battling hurt and betrayal and something else that he couldn't even identify. And yet, the close proximity to the man that he had been dreaming about, missing, craving, for the past eleven months was causing his heart to race in a way that had nothing to do with his anger. His senses were filled with everything irrevocably Sherlock: his subtle, strangely appealing scent, his thin yet muscular body beneath John's hands, the pale warm skin beneath the layers of clothing.
John ceased his movements immediately, instead bringing his hand up to cup Sherlock's face and stroke his cheek. He moved to Sherlock's side and wrapped his other arm around him, holding him close.
"Try to relax," John replied, stroking his hair and temple soothingly and placing a gentle kiss on his lips.
Sherlock surveys him evenly over steepled fingers, apparently deciding whether or not to argue or to comply with John’s request.
John complies, angling his hips, suddenly hitting a very sensitive spot deep within him, and Sherlock practically screams his name.
“We should get some sleep,” John says, waiting for Sherlock’s murmur of agreement before reaching to switch off the bedside lamp.
John wrapped his hand around Sherlock's length, stroking him gently, and the thought flashed through him that it was strange that this didn't feel strange. He'd never even come close to doing anything sexual with another man, and yet this felt right. It felt
Sherlock let out a small laugh, instantly recalling their trip to Dartmoor and the fight that he and John had gotten into. Well, the fight that he'd enforced upon John.
John wraps his free arm around Sherlock’s waist to steady him, refusing to allow his cock any relief just yet, and sinks his hot mouth onto Sherlock’s throat. He circles his tongue over the flesh, a promise of things to come, and nips it lightly, drawing a sharp hiss from Sherlock. He continues his ministrations, sucking tenderly, drawing out a faint purple bruise on the delicate skin. He grins again, thinking with sadistic delight about how now everyone would know Sherlock is his.
Sherlock pulled on his long, dark coat and headed hurriedly down the stairs of 221B. He'd been good for more than an entire week- had done what he suspected was the right thing to do and leave John to his thoughts, to let him come around in his own time. But now he was getting worried that he wouldn't. The thought made his chest oddly tight, like all the air in his lungs has been stolen, and he suspected that it had nothing to do with the fact that he'd smoked an entire packet of cigarettes over the last couple of days and everything to do with his panic that he had lost John forever. He still wasn't entirely sure how he had survived the week. He knew that had John been around he would have driven him mad, for he'd tried to distract himself with research and experiments and reading but had failed abysmally, instead spending most of his time wondering around the flat, fidgeting with things, throwing things, occasionally breaking things. He had gone through a brief period of anger, where he had caved and bought the cigarettes. He had smoked them triumphantly and briefly rejoiced in the fact that John wasn't around to tell him not to. But the satisfaction had departed as abruptly as it had come, leaving him feeling more empty than before. He'd even tried using alcohol to calm himself, as it always seemed to work for John. Without John there to share the bottle of red with him, as they'd done so many times before, it had been all too easy to consume the whole thing himself. Not surprisingly, the only thing he'd gained was neck ache from the awkward position he'd fallen asleep in and a persistent throb in his head the following morning.
His mind flashed to Irene Adler. The Woman. The only person who had ever come close to making him feel this confused and…lost. He respected her, was fascinated by her in ways that he couldn't quite place, he unarguably felt connected to her…but love her? No, he didn't think so. At least not like that. Their relationship was tremendously complex but one that was based largely on plays of power. They challenged each other, teased each other, and all but destroyed one another in a way that even Sherlock could recognise would make for a
Sherlock huffs in an exaggerated way, as though it’s all terribly inconvenient, then sets his phone down on the arm of his chair and steeples his fingers in front of him.
Their eyes meet again and they’re gazing at each other in comfortable silence. Sherlock’s face is open and relaxed, and John longs to reach out and brush his fingertips against the sharp yet appealing edge of his cheekbone. He’s no longer bothering to filter out these kinds of thoughts and he wonders what Sherlock’s reaction would be – would he be alarmed and pull away or would he lean into it? But before he can think on this any further, there’s a sharp knock on the door, snapping them both out of their thoughts.
"It's not that he's not trying," John said uncertainly. "He just doesn't know how. He's never been in a relationship before. He's…not used to having someone around who he can trust."
And with that he snuggled into John's chest, allowing his heavy eyelids to slip shut finally, basking in the unfamiliar and terrifying yet strangely wonderful feeling of being loved.
He forces himself out of bed with a sigh, deciding he’s delayed the inevitable for long enough. At least it’s Saturday and he can take his time getting himself and Rosie ready. Then maybe a visit to the playground, he thinks, if the weather is pleasant enough. He pulls on his robe and slippers and plods down the stairs to the kitchen. Despite his drowsiness, the sight he sees brings a genuine smile to his face. Rosie sits in her high chair, cheerfully dunking a biscuit in her “tea” – a special concoction of warm milk and a tiny bit of chai that he and Sherlock make especially for her so she doesn’t make a fuss when they drink their own tea. She has her special plastic tea cup and saucer and is completely unconcerned about the mess she’s made with her partially crumbled shortbread. So is Sherlock, it seems. He’s leaning lazily against the kitchen counter in his silk dressing gown, his own favourite tea cup in hand, reading to Rosie from
John dragged his mind back to the present, where Celine was contemplating him with a thoughtful expression, making a short entry on her notepad. When she looked back up at him, her expression had changed to what John could only assume was curiosity.
John said nothing and he didn't look up- he knew that if he did his answer would be written all over his face, and he didn't want Mycroft to know just how very much Sherlock meant to him. He sensed rather than saw Mycroft leave the room and descend down the stairs, and when he looked back up Sherlock was standing in the doorway of the kitchen, watching him closely. His expression made John's heart throb painfully.
John’s voice had been slightly shaky but there was humour in his words, an attempt to break some of the tension. Sherlock had smiled and thrown him a wink.
John knew that Sherlock was refraining from detailing every little mistake he'd made and he found himself oddly appreciative, despite how upset he felt with Sherlock right now.
"I did it for you, John," he said finally, his voice so low that John could barely hear it. "Moriarty and Moran would never have let you live. They would have taken you away from me, and I couldn't..."
“Honestly…yes,” he answers, “I wish I didn’t. But I’ve always cared. I guess I’ve been around a lot of…‘blokey’ environments – college, the army, the rugby crew – and I’ve always, well, fit in.”
, John had thought, once again unable to stop the word from entering his mind. He’d forced himself to roll away, lie on his back, and not think about the fact that watching his best friend sleep was
And with that he leaves the flat, ignoring Sherlock’s pained expression, slamming the door behind him.
It's a struggle to get the words out but Sherlock doesn’t seem phased, as though he was expecting the question.
later, things feel almost normal again. John knows very well that they’re not, and they won’t be for a while yet, but the feeling of being safe and warm in their home as the rain beats on the windows outside is a comforting one. He’s even managed to persuade Sherlock to eat a whole sandwich and drink another cup of tea. They’re giggling outrageously at a particularly ridiculous scene when it happens, though John’s not even sure how. One moment Sherlock is laughing and the next he’s sobbing.
It wasn’t until all was said and done, and John had practically collapsed into his old armchair as Rosie napped upstairs after a long day of moving, that John registered just how surreal it felt to be once again living at Baker Street. He glanced at Sherlock – curled up comfortably on his chair across from John, silk dressing gown wrapped around him, engrossed in something on his laptop – and allowed himself a small smile.
"Think very carefully about what exactly you saw, John. I went to great lengths to convince you that was you saw was real. But it wasn't me on that sidewalk, it wasn't me who you buried."
"I…started forming the plans just after Irene Adler disappeared for the last time. It was the perfect opportunity to carry out the first step, which was to formulate some kind of test to determine how capable you would be of lying about someone's whereabouts if required."
“You should get some sleep,” John murmurs, his fingers still gently carding through Sherlock’s hair.
“Clearly even you’ve been able to observe that I’m anxious, not a difficult deduction based on my body language and uncharacteristic silence. You’ve surely taken into account that Cambridge is where I studied and, if so, it would be reasonable to conclude that my current state of anxiety is directly linked to our destination. But what is it that’s effecting me? Could it be the fear of running into former students, perhaps some of whom I didn’t get along with? Possible, but unlikely that I’d be experiencing such apparent apprehension when taking into consideration the statistically low chance that former colleagues would happen to be in Cambridge during the same weekend we are. So it’s something that is sure to happen, directly related to the case then. And what else could it be if it’s unrelated to the college itself, nor the students?”
Sherlock gives him a satisfied nod, and John doesn’t miss the tiny smile playing about the corners of his lips, indicating that he’s very pleased with himself indeed.
a small part of his mind interrupts, but he dismisses it with disgust, not wanting to allow himself to feel even marginally better about this. The crushing weight is back upon him with a vengeance and suddenly he’s exhausted. Finally, with excruciating slowness, John falls into a shallow, restless slumber.
He’s not sure how to finish that sentence because he knows, realistically, that there’s no justification for him to feel this way. Yet, he does.
John struggles to get his thoughts in order. He’s already decided that he deeply dislikes this man, despite this happening years in the past, and feels a strong surge of protectiveness swell up inside him. There are a hundred things he wants to say (namely, to point out how wrong it was for a professor in a position of power to have any kind of relationship with a student, no matter how clever said student had been) and a thousand questions he wants answers to (exactly what kind of relationship was this? Does this mean Sherlock
?” – but he can’t force the words out and before he knows it a shadow has passed across Sherlock’s face and he senses that the topic is closed, at least for now.
John shifted in his seat, took a sip of his tea and sucked in a long breath. He was sitting in his therapist's office once again, vaguely wondering if he was the most messed up of her patients. It was unlikely, he decided, but his mad relationship with a certain consulting detective must certainly have earned him a high place on the list.
John grinned at Sherlock's organisation but was at the same time very grateful for it, and he reached into the draw and found what he needed. When he turned his attention back to Sherlock he thought that he looked slightly nervous. John kissed him tenderly, sliding one hand into his hair.
He relayed a summarised version of this to Celine, getting the impression that the rest of the session was going to be no easier than the first part had been.
John considered this for a moment, his mind reeling, barely taking in the fact that Mycroft (the complete god damn bastard, his mind automatically added) had presumably known that Sherlock was alive all this time. He struggled to put his anger aside, still desperate to find out more, but he knew that his breathing was becoming erratic, his heart rate increasing. Sherlock was watching him carefully, but continued his explanation.
As he says these last words, a strange expression crosses Mycroft’s face, as though he’s said more than he intended to, more than he should have. But before John can even be sure he saw something, the brief moment of indiscretion is gone. With a short thank you, Mycroft takes his leave, leaving John alone in the living room.
Sherlock felt his heart pang inexplicably once again at the image of grieving, broken John that his mind was so fond of replaying for him. He quickly brushed it away- his guilt wasn't going to fix things. But his actions could.
“You’re not an idiot,” John replies kindly, “you just made a bad decision. Sometimes people do that when they’re in love.”
"I want you to come for me, Sherlock," John whispered into his ear, nipping at the lobe and licking his neck. "I want to see you, feel you..."
He thrust up into John's hand, impatiently. John was very briefly torn between giving Sherlock what he wanted and making him wait, driving him mad with the anticipation, but decided against it, too aroused to be bothered with games right now. So he complied with Sherlock's request, slipping his hand inside both trousers and underwear to caress his hardness. They both moaned at the contact, mouths still kissing and sucking and nipping. John's growing arousal was making him desperate for some contact, some friction, anything, so he guided Sherlock's hand to the bulge in his jeans and groaned when Sherlock rubbed him hard. A moment later Sherlock had unbuttoned and unzipped him and was pulling his jeans and boxers down enough to wrap his long fingers around John's cock. John was groaning again, scrambling to unbutton Sherlock's shirt, touching his skin, breaking away from his lips to trail kisses down his neck. Sherlock gasped softly and John smiled against his skin and licked up his neck to the spot just behind his ear, feeling the gentle tickle of curls still damp with raindrops against his face.
"It does matter, John. It matters a lot. Everything you have been through matters," he said forcefully.
"But what if we try and it fails?" He paused, looking down into his mug. "I don't want to loose him again. I can't loose him again."
John looked up and met Sherlock's eyes. Those so often cold and calculating eyes that seemed to change colour every time John saw them. But they weren't cold now— they were green and blue and infinitely complex, the intensity of the great mind behind them radiating through, making them glow. It reminded John of every case they'd ever had, of every delicious spark of danger, every argument and insult, every awkward yet heartfelt apology, every fit of giggles they'd spontaneously broken into, every time they'd looked into each other's eyes and had maybe seen something that wasn't supposed to be there because they were flatmates, partners in crime, friends...
“You boys, I do worry about you so. It’s a good thing you have such a wonderful doctor on hand to look after you, Sherlock.”
He’s leant over the table slightly, bracing himself with his slim but toned arms, the delicate violinist fingers spayed on its surface. His curls are more untamed than usual, having not been as meticulously tended to these past few days, and hang over Sherlock’s face, creating interesting shadows over the already fascinating planes and angles. His brow is furrowed in concentration and his pink cupid bow lips are parted slightly, every now and then moving silently as Sherlock sorts through his thoughts and questions as he speedily reads the text, undoubtedly dismissing some and filing away others for further consideration.
Sherlock’s voice is impossibly deep and he already sounds utterly destroyed. Satisfied with this response, John trails hot, wet kisses down Sherlock’s spine as he fucks him hard, hitting the spot deep within him and drawing beautiful moans from the man beneath him. He slides a hand up into Sherlock's hair, grabbing a fistful of curls and roughly tugging his head back to expose his throat, and Sherlock lets out a noise somewhere between a groan and a sob.
Then he moved away from his mouth to ghost tiny kisses down his neck and back up again, still holding him close. They stayed like that for a few more moments, staring into each others eyes, stroking each others faces, breathing and allowing the gravity of the moment to rest upon them. Then Sherlock slowly pushed up against John's hips, eliciting a groan from both of them as John slid deeper inside him. Taking his lead, John slowly started moving, keeping his strokes deep and rhythmic, observing Sherlock's reactions closely and feeling and sensing him relax. He suddenly felt overwhelmed by the surge of sensations, by the intensity of his feelings for the man beneath him, and he buried his face in Sherlock's neck with a soft whimper. Sherlock stroked his hair softly, kissing his temple.
Sherlock smirked as she pulled back and maneuvered their legs so that one of her slotted between Joan's and leaning her hips down to press their wet clits against each other.
After a couple of minutes of both parties gasping and moaning at each small movement that tugged at the knot, Sherlock gently moved them until they were laying on their sides and wrapped his arms around the Omega, scenting the open flesh on the back of his neck.
Seconds later John pounds deep into the taller man and releases himself deep inside him. Not three seconds later, Sherlock arches his back and comes as well, making a mess over his belly.
Sherlock writhed and moaned at the overstimulation and ecstasy of being bred by his big strong Alpha. John just grinned and leaned down to nuzzle at his lover and hold him through it.
A few tears had rolled down the sides of his face from the feeling of John turning the vibrations off and slowly pulling the toy out of him. John had already came and wiped himself up before Sherlock had even had time to calm down.
John takes his fingers out and wipes them on the bed spread and lines himself up with Sherlock's entrance, before very slowly easing himself in.
John just grinned and pushed the toy into the resisting hole beneath him. "Come on just relax. If you relax and be good and take this for me, I'll give you a reward. You want to be good for me right?"
John watched for a few more seconds, his own orgasm approaching quickly. "Then come for me, Sherlock," John said softly.
John obeyed and started pounding the detectives behind at a rapid rate he could barely keep up with himself.
"If you do not behave, I won't have any option but to punish you in front of everyone," John said in a hushed tone directly into Sherlock's ear. Sherlock stood back with a smug look on his face.
Sherlock let out a strangled groan and nodded quickly. He wants to be so good for John even if he has to be stretched beyond his limits.
Sherlock gasped as John slowly sank his whole length inside of him. He bottomed out and allowed time for Sherlock to adjust before making a few shallow thrusts. John leaned down and tangled his hands into that beautiful hair and held Sherlock's head still as he softly began to kiss him. Very slowly he increased the speed of his thrusts and deepened the kiss into a full blown snog.
"You can still stand by yourself," he said, to which John whined. "I drew you a bath. Come on," Sherlock said and gently led the Omega to the en suite. John reached to yank his pants off and Sherlock turned away to give him privacy, but John held onto his wrist and muttered a small, "I don't mind."
"Sleep, John, and don't let me forget to scent you again before we leave tomorrow in case the smell wears overnight," Sherlock said softly.
Sherlock only hummed in response and grabbed his pajamas out of his suitcase before disappearing into the en suite.
John stood, dumbfounded, staring at the pile of clothes next to him. He had never seen Sherlock act out as an Alpha the entire time he'd known him. Not once.
John chuckled and pulled back to kneel between Sherlock's pale thighs, staring down at his flushed lover.
"Okay it's time for the last one. I know you can fit it all inside you. I want to see your tight little hole stretch around it," John whispered into Sherlock's ear.
The entire drive to the inn was filled with small pants from both parties and moans from John, as he tried to find a comfortable way to lay down.
Sherlock himself was so posh and tidy with a black-on-black suit that hugged all his curves perfectly. His curls were styled and beautiful atop his head. Everything from his plush lips to gorgeous eyes were so perfect. He didn’t seem real.
John smirked as he walked to the corner of the room to pull a chair up next to the bed so he could have a full view of Sherlock's flushed body with the toy sticking out of his bottom.
John smelled so lovely like this, his natural scent mixing with the pheromones all around them. Sherlock couldn't get enough of it. He tentatively moved his hand to rest on John's back and slowly leaned down to smell closer. John smelt so divine. Slick was steadily dripping down to his thighs and Sherlock gave in and licked a stripe back up to John's cleft.
Sherlock just smirked and closed the en suite door behind himself. After a couple of minutes, John heard the shower start. He sighed and changed into his own pajamas and laid down to get some rest.
John nodded and began his assessment with basic tests like taking his blood pressure and shining a bright light in his eyes. He'd asked Sherlock to unbutton his shirt before he slowly slid the end of his cold stethoscope underneath and over Sherlock's chest. The detective gasped as John slowly rubbed the cool metal over one of his nipples. The doctor hummed and wrote a few more things down.
After they shower together, they take their time drying each other off with fluffy towels, and make their way to bed. John loves to lay his partner down gently and sweetly kiss his face, neck, clavicles. He loves sinking his nose deep in Sherlock's perfect hair and leaving soft chaste kisses on his temples. He left several more soft kisses on the detective's face then leaned back to straddle Sherlock's lap.
Sherlock bobbed his head back and forth eagerly in small strokes and took time to press down as hard as he could, gagging around the leaking cock in his mouth. John gripped his hair and looked down at the man below, giving a short tug in questioning. Sherlock looked up under his long lashes and nodded eagerly. John grinned and began rocking his hips steadily, still gripping the ebony curls on the detective's head.
He had been on edge this entire time, trying to hold in every sound and impulse he felt, promising himself that he would get John home before he made a fool of himself in front of the entire yard.
Sherlock tried to peel John's fingers from his wrist, but to no avail, "No, John," he said sternly, which made John freeze, "I am not your Alpha. I am not going to spend your heat with you in that way. I will assist you in any other way you need, but I cannot breed you."
John hurriedly pushed Sherlock backwards into the bathroom stall until his back was pressed against the wall, moaning into the detective's mouth as they desperately kissed.
Sherlock happily complied as John's hand pumped his cock, until thick ropes of white painted his belly and chest. He groaned from overstimulation as John continued to fuck him to his own climax, slamming his hips into Sherlock's and coming deep inside the man.
“A butt plug? Looks like you won’t need very much opening up, you dirty boy,” John said, reaching down to twist and pull at the plug, making Sherlock mewl and squirm.
Very slowly, Joan's hands wandered downward, slipping the dressing gown off the taller woman's shoulder's and following her own fingers with her lips, kissing a soft trail down Sherlock's arm, and down her back.
Sherlock is sweating and looking absolutely wrecked at this point, trying his hardest to fuck himself on John's member, but John has a vice grip on his hips.
But that's where Sherlock dug his heels in, "No, John. I'm not your Alpha. I can't nest with you," he tried to convince himself more than John.
Sherlock canted his hips high off the bed as John fucked his hole with the 3rd biggest dildo of the night. There were 4 in total, starting with the smallest, John slowly fucked his way inside to make his detective pliant and loose for him.
They stay in that position for a minute or so, catching their breath and John pulls out slowly, watching the view of his come dripping out of Sherlock, but the detective himself doesn't notice anything as he lays limp, trying to calm his panting through his nose.
Sherlock had been talking to that Fletcher kid outside of the inn and John had got his 50 quid, which put him in a slightly better mood.
Joan moaned softly as Sherlock slowly snaked her hands around to unhook the lace covering her chest and exposing her to the cool air. Sherlock watched with lust as Joan's nipples hardened to tiny pebbles, before ducking her head to take the right one in her mouth.
“Come for me now, my Omega. Let me take care of you,” John moaned, nuzzling his face into the taller man’s neck.
The lube from the bedside drawer made its way to John's hands and he warmed some up in between his fingers before slipping them down to massage the taller man's hole. He leaned up to kiss Sherlock as he slipped a finger into him.
Sherlock slipped two slick fingers down and into Joan's entrance and began to finger fuck her. John threw her head back hard and began panting as Sherlock pumped her arm heavily, curling her fingers and hitting Joan's g-spot with practiced ease.
Sherlock scented John until he was calm enough to stand up and lean on the detective as Sherlock found the fastest route to get them out of there and to the car.
Sherlock's eyes widened a little but John could see his pupils dilate and he heard the smallest of moans come from the detective's mouth right before fastening it behind his head. John knows Sherlock likes kinky things like this even though he will act like he doesn't.
When there was only a few centimeters left to fit inside the taller man, John reached up to wrap his hand around Sherlock's semi hard cock, pumping it quickly to bring him to full hardness. Sherlock gasped and let out a high pitched whine as he felt the two contrasting sensations in his genitals and began to fuck himself into John's fist and onto the large toy inside himself.
John watched with wide eyes as Sherlock's Alpha side took over and he scented all of John's clothing, first with his nose, then nuzzling into them down on the bed. When he was done, he smiled proudly and folded them back up and placed them on top of the dresser for John to put on the next day.
The dressing gown slipped completely off as they made their way out of the small bathroom and through the door to their bed, leaving Sherlock's pale lean body only covered in her lace knickers.
Sherlock moaned as she ducked her head to lick between Joan's folds. Joan had had one orgasm prior and was glistening wet under her girlfriend's fingers.
Sherlock emerged and went to the desk in the corner of the room, to go to his mind palace, probably. The double bed problem probably won't even be a problem with how often Sherlock actually goes to bed and sleeps.
A few hours later he woke slightly from the bed dipping behind him. He smiled contentedly, knowing the detective would get a few hours of rest and won't be so cranky the next day, then allowed himself to fall back into a deep sleep.
Sherlock grinned as she watched Joan catch her breath from the first orgasm she'd had in days, before leaning down to kiss her heatedly again.
Once there, Sherlock let go of John's hand and went to grab his pajamas to change into, but John caught his wrist before he could make it to the loo. "Thank you for saving me back there. I know you know I can't control those things and I'm not very keen on being hassled by random Alphas in an inn," he said.
John just kissed his forehead and pushed the toy a little harder, the tip almost popping in. "It's okay. I've got you. Just bear down a little and then you'll be done."
John went to the bathroom and did his evening routine. When he finished brushing his teeth, he reached back into his overnight bag and after a few minutes of digging through it, realized he had left his suppressants at home. With a groan, he picked up his discarded clothes and brought them back to be packed into his suitcase in the bedroom.
"There. Now no Alpha will dare to come near you," he said calmly, before turning to go into the bathroom with his own pajamas.
Sherlock kept on with his prep for another minute before John released a loud, long purr and completely spread his legs. Sherlock's logical brain lost to his more instinctive, and primitive brain and lined his cock up with John's entrance and immediately started pushing in. John almost howled in pleasure as Sherlock seated himself inside the Omega. He pushed back and demanded more with a broken voice.
"God you're beautiful. Do me a favor and lie there like that. No touching yourself." John said softly then sternly.
John gasped, "Please please breed me, hurt me, tear me apart, Alpha!" he demanded, rutting down into the sheets.
As soon as Sherlock recovered from the suddenness of the heat surrounding him, he began moving in and out, gradually increasing the pace and started fucking the man beneath him.
Sherlock came first but it didn't take John more than one extra stroke to get him there as well, making a big mess on both of their abdomens.
"Okay Mr. Holmes it's time for everyone favorite part of their physical. Drop your trousers, please." He said with a pleasant smile.
“You know we can’t,” he replied, grabbing Sherlock’s hips to keep him still and not grind on him. “It’s against the rules of the university and contrary to what you might think, I’m not willing to risk my job to sleep with you.”
John sighed and put the key to their room in his pocket before turning to find where Sherlock wandered off to.
John raised an eyebrow and looked over to where he folded and put his clothes away, "I don't know yet, why?"
Catching onto what the detective was doing, he started rocking his hips into Sherlock's hand until they were both biting down on their lips, trying to keep quiet.
The sound of wet skin slapping and panting from both of them was erotic and Sherlock swears he could come from just the noises coming from John’s chest alone.
Sherlock almost bucked his hips into the intrusion, moaning for more. "Please please please..." His quiet mantra began and ended with a much louder, "I'm coming!"
Joan gasped as Sherlock softly pushed her down onto the silky sheets and climbed on her to straddle her thighs. The detective easily slipped the soft t-shirt over Joan's head and smirked before leaning down to kiss at the exposed cleavage between the cups on the light pink bralette the blogger wore.
"Fucks sake John! Fuck me!" Sherlock groaned, bucking his hips as John slowly stroked him root to tip.
He made sure he was extra clean and slowly made his way into the bedroom with only a towel on. John looked up and grinned, pulling the detective against his own naked body. They kissed passionately for several minutes before John pulled them backwards towards the bed and sat Sherlock down on it gently.
And he did. He clenched his eyes shut and came all over his stomach with a loud desperate wail into his fist, biting down roughly.
John's face held no remorse as he gently pushed Sherlock's head back down to face the floor, before pulling his hand back to swing it down with force onto Sherlock's bum.
"Be that as it may," John started, putting his hand in his pocket and keeping it there, "I have this remote, bet you didn't pay attention to what kind of plug I put into you earlier, but you're always so mindless and clumsy after sex," he said, flicking the remote to make the toy inside of Sherlock vibrate at the lowest setting.
Once they were about to walk out the door, John held back a bit, making Sherlock turn around, "John, what are you- oh yes, I told you not to let me forget. Come here, a little closer."
Joan gasped as Sherlock softly pushed her down onto the silky sheets and climbed on her to straddle her thighs. The detective easily slipped the soft t-shirt over Joan's head and smirked before leaning down to kiss at the exposed cleavage between the cups on the light pink bralette the blogger wore.
His knees gave out and he pretended like he was crouching down to inspect something further, but with his eyes squeezed shut as the shock of a sudden orgasm took hold of his body and he panted quietly.
Sherlock gasped and nodded frantically, pushing his hips back against John’s thrusts. “Yes Alpha! Fuck me and breed me! Fill me with your pups please!” he screamed, before coming hard and painting his torso with ejaculate.
Sherlock let her head fall to the side with a deep blush as the man studied what she looked like. After several long moments he leaned his head forward and took a long flat lick between her folds. She groaned and lifted her hips up, desperate for more.
Sherlock caught his breath and flinched at the sudden loss of John in him. With wide eyes he turned around and got on his knees, "Please sir, don't punish me please I couldn't help it I couldn-"
Sherlock handled them carefully, putting the stack down on the bed, picking up the jumper from the top...
Sherlock grinned and shivered as the cool air hit her skin, goosebumps spreading over her body. Joan wrapped her arms gently around the brunette's waist, turning her in her arms to bring them face to face. Their lips met easily and the kiss turned filthy quick.
Sherlock chewed on his lip and considered how uncomfortable the Omega must be, then slowly tugged his pants down to reveal his completely hard cock. It was dripping from watching John writhe on the bed for so long.
Sherlock's eyes widened as John pulled out a pretty looking black vibrator from the box. It was average sized with a small curve to it.
John continued barely touching the other man's cock with the toy and slowly dragged it down near his hole. Sherlock moaned desperately, trying his hardest not to press against the toy he was being teased with.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something before John reached into his pocket and pulled out the small remote. He sat back and freed his cock from his pants and flicked the vibrator on to its lowest setting.
The Omega relaxed as best as he could and allowed Sherlock to use a cup to pour water over his hair. He purred quietly and enjoyed it until the water got a little bit cold and he got grumpy and started whining again. Sherlock smiled knowingly and got John a towel, looking away as he climbed out of the tub and started to dry himself off.
Sherlock's tone softened immediately, smelling John's unease, "Okay, but you need to be more careful. I'm doing my best to solve this case as fast as I can so we can get home, but you need to help me out."
Sherlock nodded, "Yes, Doctor. My brother is making me get one if I want to continue to work on cases with Scotland Yard," he explained.
"No, John I'm not risking hurting you," Sherlock said sternly before slipping the rest of his finger in John's slick hole. He pumped it in and out a few times easily and added another finger pretty easily too, because of his heat, John's body was inviting and open for an Alpha to use.
He stopped his touches on Sherlock, which elicited a frustrated moan from the man, and reached under the bed and brought back a rubber gag.
John did not go any more gentle, in fact he seemed to go harder, placing the last 4 spanks right on top of each other.
They both made quick work of unbuttoning and unbuckling until both of their hard cocks were free from any clothing.
He looked back at John, pleading with his red-rimmed eyes. John smirked and flicked the toy off inside his coat.
John stood at the doorway and, for the hundredth time, cursed the fact that he never got taller than Harry. "What are you doing here?"
“Interesting. . .” Sherlock said. “Let me know if that changes. Are you going to be making breakfast? I don’t want any, but I wouldn’t mind a cup of tea.”
"I am sure we're both going to keep getting annoyed with each other, that's life," John said. "It’s normal. But I think we can handle it. We have so far," he said.
Sherlock shut the door and leaned against it. He was going to need a little time to process this. However, first, he had to finish this experiment. He’d invested too much effort and time to abandon it now, and there was no use trying to figure out the experiment and the predicament with John at the same time. It would be distracting and inefficient.
In the morning John's alarm sounded like a train. He groaned as he turned it off, rolling onto his back and stretching. His mind drifted to the night before, to the man he'd brought up to his room. Then he wished he had some aspirin. He got up and cleaned up his things, though there weren't very many scattered around. He put them all into his bag before going into the bathroom for a shower. When he was feeling a little better he did one more sweep of the room and went to check out.
“Outrageous suggestion,” Sherlock said, rushing into their bedroom. “Please note I did make the bed as you asked, but I’d actually like you to sit on the chair, please.”
“No, I managed to handle it,” Sherlock said. “I brought jam for yours.” He handed John the bowls and then grabbed the mugs, balancing the plate of toast on his arm.
John looked over at her and shrugged. "Maybe. I think he would call me an idiot in some disguised way and point out everything I missed." He smiled softly.
“Of course,” Sherlock said, tangling their legs. “At least I’ll try. Because I’m just glad you’re back.” He held onto his arm.
Sherlock instinctively reached up and touched his own forehead. “I don’t feel hot,” he said. “Or cold, so I guess that’s good.”
He took a slow, deep inhale and tried to think. The air smelled distinct, and the breath hurt his body. There were not good signs.
“What do you want, John?” Sherlock said, lifting his head and looking directly into his eyes. “I want to give you what you want.”
He lay there for a few moments. Eventually, he did get up, but only to go to the bathroom, wash his face, put on his pajamas and then come back to bed. He knew he’d just be staring up at the ceiling in the silence all night.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock said. “Before I never liked anyone but you. Did you really think that would change?”
“You’re confusing me now,” John said. “You said you were working that night -- what were you doing?”
“Fuck,” Sherlock said again, this time more loudly. “I’m not going to be able to take much more of that.”
John came down and looked over at Sherlock, raising his arm in a greeting before heading to the kitchen for his tea.
The words rambled out of her quickly. John could see this was hard for her and his attitude softened a bit, though he was still grateful she didn't go into too many details in front for Sherlock. "I appreciate that, Harry, and I support this and want to help you get better," he said.
“I thought we already were more than friends –- I thought we were best friends,” Sherlock said. “I want to do everything with my best friend. Why wouldn’t I? You’re the only person I like.”
“Let’s make it worth your while then,” Mycroft said. “I’ll have Mr Altamont contact the police to clarify that Sherlock Holmes efficiently found and returned the painting. As it was his drunken uncle who took the painting, though, does not want to press charges. However, he thoroughly recommends the police consult Sherlock Holmes for future work.”
John stopped pacing. He'd expected Sherlock to say he wasn't. What did this prove? He licked his lips. "Look Sherlock, I have to tell you something and if you want me to move out I can be gone before you come home from your mum's."
When the show finished, Sherlock said, “See? I told you.” He stood up and moved to the kitchen. “You really should pay more attention to me. Tea?” he asked as he filled the kettle.
Sherlock’s mind was filled with too many thoughts and too many feelings, so he did his best to not think and just experience what was happening. His hands roamed up and down John’s back then into John’s hair as they continued to kiss. John's mind was blank, pleasure flooding his body. Every nerve was on fire. "Sherlock," he moaned against Sherlock's mouth, kissing him between breaths as he moved faster.
“Obviously, we’ll write letters,” Sherlock said. “I’ll still be able to help you with your classes.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, bringing two cups over and sitting down. “Some of our tournaments were in university labs. It was sometimes interesting, I suppose, but it wasn’t something people came to watch or whatever.”
“I told you you’d get scared,” Sherlock said. He leaned over John to grab the glass and took a quick sip before setting it back down. “That’s why I brought whiskey – in case you needed courage.”
"Hmm . . . I don't think so. What I did all day was definitely harder and I think I am going to take a nap," John  said, closing his eyes with a smug smile.
Harry took a sip and wrinkled her nose. She put the mug down and started looking around at things. John watched her nervously.
Knowing that this is what had happened in John’s dream made all of this even more exciting to Sherlock. He snapped open the button and slowly unzipped John’s jeans and then stopped. “Let’s go to the bedroom,” he said.
When John finished Greg let him leave. He wasn't injured, and he didn't want to be checked out. He just wanted to go home. He was still holding Sherlock's hand as they walked to the street.
"Jesus, John," Sherlock said again. "It might be too much." He sat himself up and tried to shift John back against the bed. "Can I do the same for you?" he asked, already sliding down the mattress.
John thought of Harry as he walked to work. He wasn't allowed to contact her for a while, and he hoped that she was taking advantage of the help they would offer her. It was hard to imagine her being better, but he hoped this would be the last time they had to worry about this. Then he let his mind wander to Sherlock and the night before -- he supposed he had Harry to thank for that as well, despite the disaster that brought it about. Would they have revealed these feelings without her? How long would it have taken for them to realise it? For them to make the move and admit it? And he still didn't know exactly what it was yet, but he was curious to find out. Curious and eager.
He pushed John on to his back and then shifted himself down the bed, straddling John’s legs. He looked down at John and smiled before leaning over to kiss him and continue stroking his cock.
Sherlock opened a file. A research request. It was better than nothing, he guessed, so he got to work.
Sherlock glanced at Harry. "I can give you details later -- let me make the call, all right?" he said quietly. He disappeared into his room, shutting the door and then regretting having done so. He called his brother.
"Oh please, we were only talking," she said. She stepped back and stretched.  "I'm going to see Clara now. I'll leave you two alone." She moved closer to John. "You prefer him, yeah?"
John moved over Sherlock but paused when he saw the bruises. "I don't -- let me get next to you," he said, moving to get off.
John stroked Sherlock in the same rhythm, kissing his mouth hard. Moments later they were coming, moaning and breathing hard together.
“All right, John,” Sherlock said. “I’m not going to fight with you. I guess I’ll get started on the case.” He stood up and moved to his desk, grabbing  his laptop and then returned to the table. This time he sat next to John, shifting his chair close and sliding his laptop against John's plate.
Sherlock was both pleased and irritated by John’s response. “All right then, that’s fine,” Sherlock said. “This presumes nothing goes wrong with the plumbing before then, obviously. If there’s a disaster over the weekend, I won’t be signing anything for you on Monday.”
Sherlock ordered for them both. He turned and looked round the room. “So is this how you imagine it will all end for you -- a wedding like this?” he asked.
The case had distracted him from thinking about that. “Also doing well, thank you,” he said. “In a rush,” he added as he hurried up the stairs. He was going to have a visitor at lunchtime and needed to get ready. He changed his clothes, putting on a shirt Mrs Hudson had once told him made him look quite handsome. He boiled the kettle and set out two mugs, waiting for John to arrive.
In a few hours, Sherlock had had some visitors the website. But no queries for work. He wasn’t sure what was wrong. He wished now that he had asked for John’s number. Maybe he’d have some suggestions.
“I’m joking, John,” Sherlock said. “But maybe with the cases . . . let’s work together on those, yeah?”
Sherlock rolled onto his side. "I'm not always friendly, I often stay up all night, and I am rarely hungry," he said. "Do you think you can handle those things? Think carefully, please."
John ate as he listened to Sherlock. "Like we didn't have enough to deal with, now this guy is out there making new stuff," he said.
John looked out of the window as the cab headed back to the flat. He knew there wasn't a case. Sherlock was just being a baby, but he couldn't explain why he was going home. His mind drifted to the conversation in his room. Did it have something to do with that? But that had been about work -- this was about his social life. Those two things were separate.
Sherlock opened the laptop and queued up an old black and white mystery. He got up and pulled a chair around to the foot of the bed on John's side and set the laptop there. He got back and climbed into bed. He handed John the little remote. "Whenever you're ready," he said, lying back against the pillow.
About an hour later, there was a knock at his door. Mrs Hudson let herself in. “Water working?” she asked, moving into the kitchen to make some tea.
Mycroft rang off before Sherlock could thank him though both brothers knew that wasn’t going to really happen. Sherlock decided he was pleased. It hadn’t been what he’d expected, but he’d found the answer and only good could come from it.
“I am, but I don’t know why everyone thinks I’m too stupid to understand what lockdown means,” Sherlock pouted as he moved to the kitchen. “I’ve not gone out, I’ve obeyed every rule.” He put some bread in the toaster for John’s toast.
"An idea," John repeated. He shifted and lay on his back too. "I guess it's all right, if you want to . . ."
“Fine, we’re friends and colleagues. Also flatmates, which you neglected to mention,” Sherlock teased. “I’m just saying that you are free to dream about me as often as you like, I don’t have a problem with it. Maybe I’ll dream about you tonight and then we’ll be even. If I have a sex dream about you should I keep it to myself? I have thus far – should I continue to keep mum?”
“It has,” Sherlock said, remembering. “But it’s been a bit of a ride since that first day in the lab. You’ve changed a lot in my life.”
“Did I or did I not just say that this flat follows its own rules now? Routines from ‘out there’ are no longer valid. We’re a pajamas- in-the-daytime flat now, John. I think you should go change. Don’t worry – I’ll guard your drink.”
Sherlock dropped his chin to the top of John’s head and tried to use his thigh muscles to lift and lower his body in a steady rhythm. He kissed him hard on the mouth and then closed his eyes as his body moved on John and his hand moved on his own cock. John pushed away his hand and gripped Sherlock's cock, taking over stroking his cock. "I want to make you feel good," he moaned.
“You’re in charge of this, not me,” Sherlock said. His heart was pounding. “The flat -- maybe she took him to their flat. Give me the address.”
He found the website of the band from the first night and found their PR person’s name. Then he checked it against the second band. And then he went to the PR’s website, finding a list of all the bands they promoted. Then he tried to find one that was playing nearby. He got dressed and headed out.
They started to eat. Eventually, Sherlock coughed a little and said, “I have learned something from all this.” He took a sip of wine before continuing. “You weren’t there with me that day . . . I know that’s my fault, I went out without telling or waiting for you to get back. But I know I act impulsively and -- let’s be honest -- most of the time, that’s what’s needed. I’m not planning on changing that because it’s often how I work best. But you’re not being there . . . if you’d been there, I doubt I’d have fallen.”
John held Sherlock's gaze and nodded. His body was getting warmer just thinking about it, his breathing shallow and quick with anticipation.
John nodded. He stared at his letter and added his free days, suggesting all the different things they could do when John came to visit, especially if he had his mum drop him off for a whole weekend. That would be perfect -- they could properly catch up. He knew two days wouldn't be enough, but it would be a good start.
Sherlock smiled. "Disgusting," he said. He pushed John down and lay down flat on top of him. "You're warm," he said as he slid his arms under John's body.
Sherlock thought for a moment. It hadn’t been an actual case really, but impressing his brother was bound to have benefits (even though Sherlock would never admit that to anyone). “So that’s it?” he asked.
Sherlock turned off the lamp and then turned on the film. He relaxed back a bit and started watching for clues.
Sherlock had slipped into his room after his shower to get dressed and saw his phone flashing. He came back out and said, "We've got a space. We should go soon."
When they hung up, Sherlock spent the rest of the night packing. The next day he woke up and saw the pile of library books he’d found on his shelves. He packed them into two bags and headed off to the library. On the way back, he saw Jim and Ellen leaning against a tree, kissing. He kept his head down and turned.
“Well, there’s that little woods and I think there might be a small lake or something, but it’s not far from the village,” she said. “Do you remember any of it?”
“Of course, that’s what it meant,” Sherlock said. “You’ve met me -- in general I do not like being around anyone. But I want to be around you -- all the time. I want all your attention.” He took another sip of wine. “And your affection. I like it. I want that all the time. I know my reputation, John, but time, attention, and affection -- surely it’s obvious feelings are motivating those desires.”
When he got up, he replayed his interviews in his head and tried to pick out anything suspicious. In the end he chose at random. He got dressed and went out to follow the partner. Mostly he was in the office and John waited outside at a small cafe, keeping an eye on the door. When the man left, John followed. The man took a long way around to the bank where John followed but tried to keep a good distance back. Did he look nervous? John moved closer. He handed over an envelope full of cheques, joking about how well business was. It was just client money -- nothing suspicious. He must have just wanted a walk. John left feeling more frustrated than ever. That was until when he saw the assistant. She crossed the street and waited near the bank door. John crossed again and turned quickly to avoid being seen. The partner saw the assistant and tugged her into the nearby alley. John inched towards the mouth of it to listen.
John looked over at him, his mouth opening and closing as he tried to process it. "Why are you shouting at me? Do we have plans I didn't know about?"
"I was thinking of getting a job,” John said. He paused before suggesting, “Maybe we could do something together.”
The sound made John's whole body shiver, heat blooming through every nerve. He started moving on Sherlock's hand for more. "Sherlock..."
Sherlock waited and then put the kettle on for tea. He reached into the cupboard and pulled out the two mugs he and Mycroft had used when they were small. He found himself smiling a little.
"Right, that's why I'm still teasing you," he smiled. He grabbed his toast and saluted Sherlock with it before leaving for work. "See you later."
John looked over at him and rolled his eyes. He went up and got dressed quickly. "Let's go," he said when he returned. He moved over and gave Sherlock a quick kiss.
Sherlock did his best to hide his pleasure at his brother’s absence. He helped his mother with some kitchen-related tasks and then offered to bring in some wood from outside. Before going in, though, he pulled out a cigarette and lit it. Then he pulled out his phone.
“I am actually relieved to hear that,” Sherlock said, getting up and moving to the sofa next to John. “Because I intend to keep getting annoyed at you when you do annoying thing,” he added with a small smile as he took another sip of wine.
"You don't act wrong. You're . . .extraordinary. If they can't see that then they don't deserve to have you as a friend."
John swiped the tip of Sherlock's cock and used the precome as a bit of lube, stroking faster. "Do you like that?" he asked, his voice mostly breath.
He gasped and opened his eyes, still panting softly. The covers were tangled in his legs as if he'd been attempting to kick them off for a while. He was sweaty but still, quiet. He was listening hard for any movement in the flat. Had he called out? Had he talked in his sleep? Where was Sherlock? Did he hear anything?
As soon as he was out on the pavement,  John looked up at the flat. He didn't know what he had just agreed to -- he hardly knew this man and now he was going to move in with him. It was wild. But they weren't signing anything and if it didn't work out . . . well, maybe he’d keep looking for flats just in case.
Sherlock thought for a moment. Being at home with John was a hundred times more interesting than being here, but for the life of him, he couldn’t really think about what they did together. “Here,” he said, bringing their tea over to the table. “Stop harassing me. I’m taking mine outside while I have a cigarette.”
Sherlock shifted them and got rid of the condom. He snuggled against him, resting his hand on John's chest. "Was that good? Should that be part of who we are now?" he asked.
“No,” he said grumpily, taking a sip of his tea which was now cold. How long had he been sitting there doing nothing? He stood up. “Do you need something?” he asked as he moved to the kitchen.
“Come here for a minute,” his mum said. She sat up and patted the bed. Sherlock came over and sat down. “Do you really not want to go?” she asked.
"The cards dealt are random, John," Sherlock said. "The skill is in the choice of new cards. What's your choice?"
"That's not what I was thinking about doing," Sherlock said. He pushed John back gently against the wall. "What are you thinking about?"
John blinked at him as he processed all of that. "I'm not going to regret it! I want to do this with you. And I know we won't be friends after this, not just friends, but more. Do you want that? I do."
“I still have a sense of humour, I just didn’t realise you’d said something funny,” John teased. “I'm going to make some toast now to give you ample time to work on your next joke." John went into the kitchen and started the kettle before looking for the bread. "I think we'll need the shop soon."
John gripped Sherlock's hair and turned his head so his face pressed into Sherlock. It was perfect. "Just like that . . .” he exhaled.
“I do whatever ridiculous task they offer, but most have been basically meaningless,” Sherlock explained. He glanced over at John. “I want to work on a big case,” he said. “Because I can. I know I can solve it. I can solve anything.” He looked back at the TV.
“Let’s bring up the footage on your computer,” he said when John returned. “We’ll keep his photo on mine. Do you want to bring a chair over here or what?”
“Will you . . . be all right?” he asked John, though the question seemed stupid coming out of his mouth.
John grinned. "I picked the numbers and Mrs. Hudson bought the ticket. You should’ve come to the shop with us."
“I only invited you to move in because I thought you did. You’re lucky I’m still willing to tolerate you.”
Sherlock rolled over in his sleep and then opened his eyes, thinking he must have heard John come in. He stretched a little, intending to get up, but instead curled up under the covers. Maybe he hadn’t heard John at all. He knew he could easily just check his phone to see the time, but the long sleep had been nice, and he just wanted to enjoy it for a few more minutes.
John shifted against the back of the sofa when he felt something push him slightly. He suddenly had more space, so he got comfortable and tugged the blanket a little higher.
John pushed him back. "This is my space, too! I also live in this flat and I want it tidy!" he said.
“It does not,” Sherlock said. “You make weird noises,” he added, pushing on John’s arm with his foot.
Sherlock went back into the kitchen and brought out the sausages. He returned with some rolls on a plate and two bowls of salad before going back in to get a couple empty plates, silverware and water. Then he sat down to watch John. "Thanks for doing this," he said. "I saw my mum stuck in some marshmallows if you want those for dessert."
"I know you're not a child, Sherlock. We're just worried." He lifted the bag onto the bed. "I brought all of your things, and I threw out your cigarettes," he added.
"No," Sherlock said. "We've not got anything. Which is why John's gone to the surgery." He stood for a moment. "Nothing gruesome here," he added and then moved over to his desk.
“I’m not worried -- you’re the only one who cares,” Sherlock said. He tidied up the experiment, putting the beakers into a bucket to take inside to wash. He sat down on a stool next to John. “I bet you’ll be glad when you don’t have to watch me anymore. You can just do sports stuff with your new friends.”
He found a book to read and lay down on the sofa, but it wasn’t long until he got bored. He got up and moved to the kitchen, looking for something to eat. Then he’d remembered they were out of bread.
“Well, yes, there’s that,” she said. “But it’s good for you too. You’re different since he’s been here.”
Sherlock hit pause and then went back, waiting for John to point him out. “I think you’re right,” Sherlock said. “I wish we could zoom in more,” he said, fiddling with a few keys until giving up. “You’re definitely right, I’m sure you are,” he said confidently. “Excellent work.”
When he woke, he cleaned up properly before having a shower and running a quick errand. When he returned, he lay down on his bed to read, but found his eyes struggling to stay open. He really needed to finish the chapter, but unfortunately his brain was exhausted, so he set the book down. Then he thought a bit more about John and their conversation before eventually falling back to sleep.
As soon as Mrs Hudson walked out of the room John stood and went back to the computer. He refreshed the blog and there was a reply, the details from Williams. He read the message  carefully and then went to find his notes from the first case they worked on. He looked at everyone they’d spoken to before and then went back to the computer to investigate. Suddenly, he felt a sense of purpose he hadn't felt in a long time. He needed to get dressed, shower and clean himself up a bit. He rubbed his face again. He'd have to shave.
“God,” Sherlock exhaled as he wrapped his arms around John, holding him until their bodies settled. “I will never ever not love doing that with you,” he said, kissing John’s neck.
John shook his head. He remembered how Sherlock had offered an extra bit of truth so he did as well. "At his place."
He stopped but didn’t turn his head to look at her. There was something in her voice . . . she was leading him somewhere. To John? Maybe. But he wasn’t sure he wanted to risk embarrassment if he was wrong, or if he even wanted someone else knowing about their little ‘adventure.’ Besides, he had work now. It’d just be easier to focus on that. “Pardon?” he asked stupidly.
John shrugged. "It was boring." He didn't want to go into details, knowing Sherlock hated hearing them.
Sherlock looked over and recognised the expression that was on John’s face: he was hurt -- even though Sherlock hadn’t intended him to feel that way. In truth, he hadn’t even thought to grab John before he left -- he was on a case and solving it was what mattered. Except now John was here. And he knew that he’d been the one to convince John to come with him. It made Sherlock feel guilty but it also made him feel worried. Was he going to be able to do this? Was he going to be able to change his life to accommodate someone else? Even though Sherlock still hadn’t quite got his head around what he felt about John or precisely why he’d invited John to move in or even why he’d had sex with him again. But he did know one thing. John was clearly different; even if Sherlock wasn’t clear on how or why, he knew that was true. And that was going to mean that Sherlock couldn’t treat him as he treated others.
She raised her brows and looked at John. "This is what you're talking about in the stories," she said.
“Have a productive day?” Sherlock asked. He realised he felt anxious all of a sudden and wasn’t sure why.
"Oh, we'll sort that after you see the place and decide. Follow me," she said, starting up the stairs. John followed her. She knocked on the door and heard someone moving around up in the flat.
Sherlock could feel tension already coiling in his belly. He shifted slightly. "Let's lie down," he said, moving toward the bed.
"Wrong," Sherlock said emphatically. "I know him. You've hurt him -- that's what you apologised for, right?"
The thing for Williams wasn’t much, but John had to admit it had been fun. It had been the closest he had come to feeling normal again. He picked one message at random, a man suspecting his wife of cheating. John wrote him for details, taking notes when he got the reply. He skipped breakfast and went out to see what he could find. It didn't take long to find the wife, and he was happy to report back that she was not cheating, but planning a surprise party. It wasn't the most exciting case but he wrote it up anyway. Of course, this didn’t feel the same, but it felt better than anything from the last six months.
Sherlock started kicking some dirt and then went into the kitchen and brought out a big bowl of water. “Here, you do it, since it’s your fire,” he said.
“No,” Sherlock sighed. “I don’t have any cases right now . . . hopefully, something horrible will happen to someone soon and I’ll get a call.”
John kissed the top of his head. He closed his eyes and felt properly relaxed for the first time in a long time.
John saw the man veer off from the door but he didn't follow because he didn't want to come on too strong. He went inside and found his table. Before taking his seat, he went to the bar and got in line.
John nodded. "I can't skip it completely," he said. "But it'll be good, a small break. Just so things seem more normal."
"I believe you, but you told him a lie. I wonder, why aren't you in rehab or some kind of program - just out of curiosity?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Those are very childish, John," he said. "I had no idea you had such childish tendencies." He glanced over and made a smarmy smile. "Let's tell stories again -- I enjoyed telling you about my trip to the Arctic." He got up to put the kettle on. "I've already had a turn so it's your go -- tell me about your favourite holiday."
"Shut up!" John yelled through the door. "I'm arranging your funeral for when I come out and murder you!"
A loud noise escaped from deep in Sherlock’s throat as his hand moved quickly over his cock until he was coming, arching his back a bit as he pressed his head against the pillow. John watched his face before letting go. He buried into Sherlock's neck as he too came.
Sherlock got up and moved toward the door. "I'm glad you're back," he said. "We're doing something nice tonight, okay? Remember?"
Sherlock stood up and moved to the window, opening it before lighting a cigarette. “I’m not against it,” he said. “I’m sure it feels good and all, but there are lots of things in the world that feel good which I’ve yet to try. Since the sex one involves another person –- and we just agreed you are pretty much the only other person I can tolerate –- perhaps I should start with one of those things.” He took a drag. “So that’s why I’m not in the rush you are.”
"Lie back," Sherlock mumbled in between kisses. He lifted his body over John's, straddling him. "I love looking at your face," he said, smiling, before leaning down to start kissing him again. He let his body move down the bed until he was lying on top of John.
"I meant, wearing nothing," John explained. "If you’re nude, you don't have to worry about anything being too tight."
"Don't interrupt," John said. "So. They wanted a puppy, but their mum said no. Too much responsibility. The kids wanted to prove her wrong. But with what? And then, as luck would have it, that very night they got their answer!" John smiled as he remembered. "There was a rattling in the bin. Working together, the children caught a rat."
Sherlock's stomach felt funny. He took a long sip of tea. "Well, we can talk," he said. "Did you need to tell me something?"
“In all honesty, I still feel a bit tired,” Sherlock said. There was no point in lying. “You can look at me after dinner.”
“I feel fine,” Sherlock said. He moved his legs to try to get out of bed. He winced and lay back, squeezing his eyes closed. “I’ll be better tomorrow.”
John watched Sherlock's hands for a moment before switching to watching his face instead. He was flushed and fascinated. John leaned in and kissed him again, his own fingers tangled in Sherlock's hair. Sherlock melted into the kiss, dropping back against the bed and squeezing his arms around John to hold him close. After a few minutes, he turned their bodies so they were lying side by side. He reached round and held John’s cock softly before beginning a slow stroke.
He headed out and got a cab to the club. It was very crowded, and John could hear music out on the sidewalk. It wasn't the band he was here to watch, so he stayed out on the sidewalk enjoying the fresh air before he had to go inside.
Fortunately Sherlock had gotten sucked into his book, but the sudden movement and noise startled. “Where are you going?” he asked.
John blinked as he was rushed out of the flat, barely saying a goodbye before the door was shut again. As he climbed down the stairs, Mrs Hudson came out.
John scooted closer, his hand coming up into Sherlock's hair as they kissed harder. He moaned softly.
John swallowed hard and looked around the sitting room. It was Sherlock's livelihood. Would he be honoring Sherlock to try it? He imagined Sherlock laughing at him, teasing him. Everyone knew John was nowhere near as skilled as Sherlock had been. But if it was something easy . . . maybe it would help him feel close to Sherlock again. He took a deep breath and moved his hands over the keyboard.
“Not really,” Sherlock said. He didn’t really want to talk about this -- he knew the school was expensive and his parents had good intentions when they sent him there. But Jim’s stupid face flashed in his mind so he added, “I’m glad I’m home.”
"It is," Sherlock said, sliding his arms around John's waist. "We could sleep like this each night. We don't have to, but we could."
John swallowed and glanced over at Sherlock. "You're the one with the adventures. I just tag along."
"She looked okay the last time I saw her," he said, leaning into Sherlock. "I just didn't know she was leaving -- have they let her out or is she giving up?"
"I'd hoped we would," Sherlock said. He moved just a fraction of an inch closer to John. "Food all right?" he asked. "I know I didn't make it, but I feel I should get credit for it."
“I think it’s really good as well,” Sherlock said, taking a sip of his drink. “I mean, it’s not perfect . . . but overall, it’s really good.”
"I work with Molly," Sherlock said. "I don't know the man, but I hope she's happy." As the words came out of his mouth, Sherlock couldn't decide if they sound like he was wishing them well or being sarcastic, so instead he changed the subject. "What are you drinking?" he asked.
John smiled wider. "Perfect." Before he could say anything else the deejay started to announce the party. He turned to look at everyone coming in.
Sherlock could feel the tension coiling in his body. He pushed himself up off the bed. “John, come here,” he said. “Come lie beside me – hurry.” His heart was pounding so hard he thought he could hear it.
John smiled and kissed over Sherlock's jaw, tugging his hair again to tilt Sherlock's head and continue kissing and biting along his neck.
When John woke up in the morning, he took a quick shower and went down to start breakfast for both of them, wondering if Sherlock found a case he liked.
John whined when Sherlock took away the vibrator. "Such a tease," he said, holding Sherlock's hips. He slid his hand back, biting his lip. "Did you get ready thinking about me?" he asked.
"To be honest I would have grabbed anyone near me," he admitted. "But then when I saw you I was glad that at least you were handsome. And looked like the opposite of that annoying guy so it would be even more believable that he wasn't my type."
Suddenly, Sherlock was struck with an urge to tell John off -- remind him that for the last few years he had been doing what he wanted because John wasn’t there beside him. But he didn’t. Instead he said, “I know that.”
"No," Sherlock said. He remembered how the television used to bother him when John first moved in, but it was good today -- just having John here instead of being all on his own or with Harry and her questions. He dug out his notes and began to work.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Sherlock said, even though he knew they both knew the purpose of the walk. “Here’s your food.”
“Yes, well, he didn’t work with particularly honorable people,” Sherlock said, moving to sit down in his chair. “But it’s done.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and imagined John sitting on the sofa, his computer on his lap, the television on. Is that what he was doing? He realised he’d just been assuming that everything about John’s life had stayed the same, but now he wasn’t certain.
"With your help," Sherlock said. He found this kind of flirting quite intriguing -- good, of course, but still so surprising.
“I was just taking a tea break,” he said, leaving the mess and moving over to the kettle. “Want one before you go up?”
“Created by whom though?” Sherlock asked. He finished his mug quickly and moved back to his desk. He was awake and confident again. He had been right that this was bigger than just insurance fraud and John had been right that Sherlock could solve this. He would.
"I didn't. That's not why I'm here," he said. "Did you know I was going to be here? Are you following me?"
“No,” Sherlock said. “Well, I don’t know quite what I’m doing yet. I just wanted a few days to come down from it all and then I’ll decide. You?”
John arrived and knocked on the door, clipping the invoice to the clip board so Sherlock could sign it more easily.
Sherlock felt confused. He was so good at reading John, but in this moment, he had literally no idea what John was going to say.
She took one bag, John picked up the rest, and they started to walk home. “Everything going alright with Sherlock?” she asked him. “He’s not taking advantage of you, is he?”
Sherlock tried to keep his face completely neutral. “I see,” he said. “And would this be to further discuss plumbing?”
"I'll find John's," she said. "Are you saying I can, then? I'll make a little partner for your friend there."
“It’s unusual,” Sherlock mused. “We’ve known each other for a long time –- I feel like you’ve been a part of everything in my life, so I guess it makes sense that you’re part of this as well. But it’s still unexpected –- us seeing each other like this, you putting part of your body in mine . . .” He closed his eyes and thought about it. Just because it was unusual and unexpected didn’t mean anything really. He’d had lots of unusual, unexpected things in his life, and some of them turned out quite well.
Sherlock thought for a moment. He’d started this conversation with this guy -- it was just a bit of fun to kill time -- but he knew whatever he said next might quickly change the tone. “It is,” he said. “But I should clarify that we won’t be walking down the aisle anytime soon.”
“No, nothing at the moment,” Sherlock said. “I’ve been watching the newspapers, but the police claim they’re solving things on their own. Which I find hard to believe.” He closed his laptop and stood up. “I’ll be in my room. At some point I will emerge. If you go out before I do, if you could at least let me know, I would appreciate it.”
John blinked at him and then looked away. "Uh, right," he said. "That's a bit blunt. But yeah, I'll sort it."
John flushed, grabbed his pants quickly to put them on. "Last night we . . . you don't remember anything?" he asked.
"Well, I guess that doesn't surprise me," John said. He started browsing the refrigerator for something to eat.
John lifted his hand in response as he went into the bathroom. A few minutes later he came out and went upstairs to get dress. "Where are we going?" he called down.
“I know you’re available,” Lestrade said instead of hello. “You’ve emailed me almost every day to remind me. I’ve had things keeping me busy, you know, Sherlock.”
Eventually he made himself a cup of tea. When he heard a car outside, he got up. The door opened and Mycroft came in.
John wondered if this was some kind of delivery system. Before he could think more about it, Amanda came out and sat in the chair beside him. They talked about small stuff -- how business was doing, how long she had worked there, and when she started asking questions about John's life, he kept his answers vague, leaning closer and touching her arm as he moved the conversation easily back to her. There was still no mention of a boyfriend, so John asked about a possible date. It forced her hand a bit, and he noticed that she hesitated a bit before saying they could plan something when she checked her schedule.
“I like it, too, John,” Sherlock said. He stroked himself with one hand while he stroked John. It was strange –- he was basically masturbating in front of his friend, which is not something he ever thought he’d do. Then again, he was also doing it to John at the same time which is also something he didn’t think would happen. Then he got an idea. He scooted down the bed a little and asked, “What about if I use my mouth?”
John brought two mugs to the sitting room and sat beside Sherlock on the sofa, a little closer than he might have normally sat before.
Sherlock watched John walk to the kitchen. John’s denial was essentially proof.  John could have brushed off his behavior with any explanation, but he didn’t: he denied something they both knew was true. So, Sherlock now had to decide what to do next. He thought for a moment. He got up and moved to the kitchen table, sitting down and staring a hole through the back of John’s head.
“If you interrupt this day, I’ll kill you,” Mrs Hudson said. “Turn round, put your lighter away, and stop being stupid -- you’re not allowed to smoke in churches and don’t pretend you aren’t well aware of that fact.”
“That’s the point,” Mycroft interrupted. “You need to be away from all . . . this,” he added, glancing at John.
The closer they got to the holiday, the fewer letters John wrote. There were so many tests, John was practising all the time -- there were just so many distractions. But a week before the end of term, John sat and wrote to Sherlock. He had to -- his family was going to go on a trip over Christmas and as much as John protested, they wouldn't leave him behind. He wouldn't be able to see Sherlock at all, and it felt like another nail in the coffin of their friendship. It had been so long, and he hated to think Sherlock had been right, that they wouldn't survive it. He wanted to, but it was hard. Harder than John had imagined it would be.
She leaned down and their lips met gently again, as Sherlock's soft fingers made their way down to rub gently over the top of Joan's silky knickers, directly over her clit. Joan immediately moaned and slipped her tongue deeper into Sherlock's mouth to turn the kiss downright filthy.
Sherlock slowed slightly, but used John's temporary calmness to lift his hips up until he was kneeling and continued to pound into him, deeper and harder this time. John threw his head back and gasped as Sherlock set a brutal pace, holding John's hips with a grip hard enough to leave bruises.
Sherlock bit his lip hard, trying to think of any detailed facts or gross thoughts to put off his orgasm that was already on bay. "Please, sir, faster for the love of- fuck. Please faster," he whined into the bed sheets.
They both moaned as the taller woman took her time, alternating between sucking one of Joan's nipples and gently using her fingers to tease the other one. After only a couple minutes of teasing, Joan began to undulate her hips towards Sherlock's body.
Sherlock almost bit through his lip as he pushed back against John's face, fucking himself on John’s tongue.
"Absolutely. Wish it didn't happen like this though. Wish were at home, mating in the safety of our flat, not scaring guests away."
"Oh-oh yes! Alpha more! More!" John chanted, before clenching down on Sherlock's cock and letting out a delicious broken sounding shout and coming all over the sheets beneath him.
The door opened and John stepped in with a box that wasn't too much smaller than a shoe box. Inside of it was a mystery.
The doctor bit down on his lip hard as he could as he thrusted one last time, coming down Sherlock's throat with no warning. Sherlock didn't need one of course. He could tell when John got close and braced himself to swallow it all. John rode out the aftershocks of his orgasm and released his hold on the detective's head.
The doctor leaned down and softly kissed the other man. "You're being so good for me, Sherlock. Keep it up and I'll let you come tonight," he murmured against Sherlock's lips.
They gasped in tandem and quickly began to thrust against each other. The aftermath of Joan's orgasm soaking both of them, causing wet noises to bounce off the walls around them.
John pushed back to meet as many thrusts as he could before he felt heat coil in his abdomen again and his cock started steadily leaking again.
They stood there for several minutes, Joan slowly massaging, and Sherlock starting to softly groan with relief.
He backed them up and pushed the taller man down on his back onto the bed, stopping to grab the small bottle of lube out that he kept in his suit jacket. He quickly removed their trousers and pants and clumsily squeezed a dollop of lube onto his hand, grabbed both of their cocks, and began to thrust.
Sherlock’s eyes rolled back into his head and he nodded rapidly, feeling the desk shake and rock with their thrusts.
The day after that they had worked together in their room to figure out the case and John had suggested that he go to dinner with Henry's therapist. Sherlock had looked almost appalled at the idea, but waved John off and told him to hurry up.
When John began to feel the heat and tightness that came with an orgasm, he pulled Sherlock off and brought his face up to kiss him roughly.
Joan sucked in a breath and moaned at the words. "Do it then. Let me ride your face and we’ll see how long you can handle it.”
Sherlock growled playfully and settled down behind the Omega again, leaving a gentle kiss behind his ear, closing his eyes and smiling to himself for finally having his amazing blogger all to himself in his arms.
He gladly obliged, holding her hips down against the bed firmly and went down on her with enthusiasm. He began by licking up and down her folds and stopped to suck on her clit hard, which had her begging for mercy. He pushed his tongue down a bit further and slowly sunk it into her body and began a steady rhythm of tongue fucking her. She gasped and wriggled in his grip and he slowly opened her up.
"Your cock is so lovely. Always long and pretty, dripping for me," John said softly, leaning forward to take a long lick from base to tip. Sherlock's hips jerked and he groaned low in his chest.
Soon she began rocking slightly back and forth against the soft tongue and lips of the taller woman. Sherlock happily sunk her tongue inside of her lover and buried her nose in the other woman’s folds, rubbing against her clit.
"Sherlock- it's- the hound is-" he couldn't finish a single sentence. Then he heard a deep growl echo through the room and he whined into the phone.
He gently wiped away the mess from the detective's stomach and chest before undressing himself fully and helping Sherlock under the sheets for a long night of rest.
He was doing so good, but Anderson had provoked him after Sherlock made a deduction about the woman's sex life to which Anderson replied, "What do you know about what women want in bed?"
After a slow few minutes of teasing Sherlock, he finally reaches over to the lube bottle on the bedside table and squeezes some onto his hand.
John turned and looked at him, purring with delight, "Sherlock. Sherlock, my Alpha. 'S hot. Please please breed me right now. Don't want anyone else. Want you, Sherlock," John said, most of his words slurred.
Sherlock caught his breath for a few seconds before hurriedly dropping to his knees on the floor and freeing John's member from his pants.
John smirked and grabbed Sherlock's hips hard and hauling him up on his knees before he began to fuck Sherlock quick and hard with his tongue. Sherlock threw his head back and groaned, reaching down and tugging on his red leaking cock.
Joan moaned softly as Sherlock slowly snaked her hands around to unhook the lace covering her chest and exposing her to the cool air. Sherlock watched with lust as Joan's nipples hardened to tiny pebbles, before ducking her head to take the right one in her mouth.
John’s cock twitched and he bit his lip, hearing the filthy words his student spoke. He reached down and picked Sherlock up off the desk and spun him around to bend him over desk. When he looked down, he noticed a black toy sticking out of the student’s hole.
Sherlock's own anatomy was getting the better of him. John smelled amazing, but he stayed strong and stood his ground. "John, it's me, Sherlock. I'm your friend, not your Alpha. I can't do what you're asking," he said helplessly as he watched John thrash around on the sheets under him.
"Are you okay?" he tentatively asked, hoping his pace hadn't hurt John or that his knot didn't tear anything.
John, not trying to be rude, stayed and talked to the Alpha, but the scent coming from the other man suggested he wasn't just there for a chat. As the Alpha moved closer, John began sweating a bit. He hadn't been flirted with or courted in so long (well just based on his second gender) in a very long time and he didn't like it one bit. His body told him 'This is not your Alpha. Leave. Go. Now," but he stayed put and prayed someone came to save him.
John flopped onto the bed in a full fit, his face deep in the blankets and he whined loudly to show his displeasure at Sherlock's words. "Alpha, please. Need you. Now. Right now, please," he all but begged.
Sherlock sighed as Joan's rubbed against her strong fingers, slowly making a wet patch in the silk material. Gradually, Sherlock moved her fingers slowly to the side of Joan's knickers, and pushed them out of the way to slip her fingers between Joan's wet folds, rubbing steadily against her clit, rolling the sensitive bud between her long fingers.
John pulled him to the side after Sherlock made a helpful deduction that sent everyone into a frenzy to contact the right people to get more information.
Sherlock huffed as John grabbed both his wrists and put them behind his back. Now he started to worry.
"There. Now if anyone tries to bother you, they'll smell me and back off. If they don't, come get me immediately," Sherlock said and turned to stalk off out the door and down to the lobby.
"Breed me! Please give me your knot, Alpha! Make me sore for days! Please yours, only yours!" John yelled, his entire body shaking from the orgasm building in him, "Please Sher-Sherlock, put your fat knot in me and let me milk you dry!"
Sherlock blushed a deep crimson and slowly stood up, before buttoning up his trousers and following John to the door.
John's eyes welled up right in front of him and Sherlock almost regretted what he had said, but it was the truth. This was his best friend he was talking to. He couldn't take advantage of him like that, not while he was in this state.
Sherlock, still slightly trembling, set his glass down and stood up, offering a shaky hand to the Omega.
Sherlock stared at him for a minute, in a thinking pose, before speaking again. "It most certainly will not happen again. What clothes are you wearing tomorrow?"
Sherlock stared wide eyed at the wriggling Omega. He had to do something before John went into a full strop and decided anything in their room would work as a replacement for the Alpha who wasn't helping him, but he had no idea what to do.
John noticed his desperation and lowered the hand that was holding the vibrator to rest it on Sherlock's lower abdomen.
However Sherlock seemed irritated as Anderson had messed with the evidence before he even had the chance to investigate, and had deduced personal things about the man that shouldn't be said out loud, to everybody.
Less than a minute later, John thrusted harshly once, twice, and then slammed his thick knot into the tight hole of the other man, filling him to the brim with come.
Sherlock hiccuped and slowly stood up so he could place himself on John's lap. "I'm sorry for being bad," he mumbled into the doctor's shirt.
Sweat was dripping from both of them at the hard thrusts and John's cock bobbed and swayed under him, dripping profusely.
He gently ran his fingers through those dark curls before Sherlock broke the silence. "Thanks for taking care of me, daddy." He murmured quietly.
Sherlock leaned down and put his lips next to John's ear to whisper, "Your concern for me is making your pheromones go crazy. I know you can't tell, but the four Alphas behind you certainly can tell and they're looking at you like you're a feast."
"Please, Sherlock. I won't be mad I promise," John said with a shaky voice, reaching behind to spread himself open for Sherlock, "Please fuck me I need it, please," he begged desperately.
Now they were locked away in their bedroom, with all the time in the world to take care of Sherlock’s heat.
Sherlock suddenly stood up and wrapped his coat around himself, yelling a quick, "It was the sister," before sprinting off to the main road to flag down a taxi. John chuckled and followed the crazy man.
He trembled slightly and pleaded with his body to calm down and not be too obvious, but the vibrations were still going.
Sherlock had glared and opened his mouth to tell off Donovan before he felt the toy bump up to the medium speed. He froze and had to pretend he was focusing back on one of the bodies on the ground before he could even think of talking again.
It felt real when his cupid bow lips wrapped around John’s cock for the first time. John moaned ruggedly as Sherlock’s head slickly bobbed up and down on his thick, long cock, not taking any time to breathe or slow down.
Without anymore hesitation Sherlock dove forward and licked a long slow stripe between the other woman's folds. Joan yelped in surprise which faded into a heavy moan. Sherlock continued to slowly lap at her pussy while pushing in two fingers, moving faster and faster until Joan let out a long high-pitched moan, releasing juices all over Sherlock's fingers and the bedspread. The taller woman lapped up what she could and leaned up to caress her panting girlfriend's cheek. Joan smiled at her as she caught her breath. "Wow," she panted. Sherlock smiled and held her until she calmed down. "Round two?" she asked. "Oh God yes," Joan moaned
Sherlock's face turned red, already knowing what was about to happen. How dare John think he was going to just lay here and take a beating over something he couldn't control. It was totally unfair and he wasn't going to put up with it.
Not a second after he uttered the last number, Sherlock was being manhandled over John lap, squirming, trying to cover his backside.
John nodded and obeyed. He picked out a button up with a red jumper and some khakis, then turned to Sherlock with his arms held out.
Sherlock gasped and moaned loud enough to wake the neighborhood as John continued to slowly eat him out.
"Fuck! You look so hot right now. Your tight hole feels so good around me. I could fuck you forever."
Sherlock scooted closer to the middle of the bed and did as he was told, laying down with his legs spread wide. John paused his unboxing and marveled at the sight, moving his hands to touch the detective's bare skin around the inside of his thighs.
They stood there for several minutes, Joan slowly massaging, and Sherlock starting to softly groan with relief.
Sherlock gasped loudly and came with a high whine, come pumping out of him, shivering with aftershocks.
Sherlock smirked as she pulled back and maneuvered their legs so that one of her slotted between Joan's and leaning her hips down to press their wet clits against each other.
That night was the night he had been separated from the Alpha and he was slightly nervous to wander through the forest at night, completely vulnerable, but he had eventually made his way back to the inn to find Sherlock sitting by the fireplace, nursing a glass of alcohol.
John leaned up and pressed a tentative peck to the corner of Sherlock's mouth and snuggled back against him. "Thank you for helping me. I know it's not your sort of thing. I hope you didn't feel forced, I don't remember much before you entered me. I must've been delirious."
"I could eat you all day long. I would never get tired of it. You could suffocate me with your pussy and I would die happy," Sherlock groaned against Joan's clit.
John immediately stopped thrusting, pulled out, and wrapped a hand around the base of his cock, taking a minute to calm his body down from his near orgasm state.
John finally made it to the lacy red cloth that served as a barrier between him and the pussy beneath that already showed signs of wetness through her underwear. He pulled it down and off her legs and pressed her knees away the each other and put her glistening folds on display to the whole room.
Joan smiled as she watched her girlfriend get ready for bed in the bathroom mirror, slipping her fingers gently between the strands of ebony curls on the detective's head, massaging her tense scalp.
He supposed it would be fine since his heats usually didn't happen around this time of the month and if he just encouraged Sherlock to solve the case faster, they would be home in no time, with no need for unexpected visitors to help him out.
Sherlock gasped and jerked his hips forward, seeking relief for his aching cock as John started to continuously finger fuck him and hit his prostate every time. It didn't take long for Sherlock to feel his balls draw up tight against his body and for ejaculate to pump out of the tip of his cock onto the exam table below him.
Joan gasped and tightened her fingers around Sherlock's arms, bucking her hips wildly, but in tune with the rhythm Sherlock set.
Sherlock, delirious from pleasure, moaned and whimpered helplessly, letting his body be used by the strong Alpha.
Sherlock grinned and shivered as the cool air hit her skin, goosebumps spreading over her body. Joan wrapped her arms gently around the brunette's waist, turning her in her arms to bring them face to face. Their lips met easily and the kiss turned filthy quick.
John wriggled against him and hummed. "Well get used to it, because I'm thinking as soon as your knot softens, you're going to need to do it again."
John looked up at him with wide eyes and reached to grab his hand and let himself be led away and down the hall to their room.
"Hush, darling. You're doing so well for me. So so good. You just need to be filled up. Do it for me." He said.
Sherlock bit his lip slightly, in worry. John surely wouldn't actually hurt him...would he? There's only one way to find out, his brain told him.
Sherlock almost collapsed completely, barely catching himself on his hands on either side of John's body on the bed, while he tried to catch his breath.
"Well either way, I'm glad it happened at all," Sherlock mumbled, "I rather enjoy taking you from behind like that," he growled into the Omega's ear.
He could. Sherlock knew he could because he could fit three of his own in there. The thought of all of John's fingers in him, making him stretch and burn was overwhelming and his cock began to leak.
Sherlock just grinned and licked a stripe up the professor’s earlobe. “I won’t tell anyone. Promise.”
Thanks for reading! comments and kudos are much appreciated. If you want to interact with me more, my tumblr is @ryansberaga :))
Sherlock's orgasm took over her entire body and her juices bursted over the doctor's hand and face, and he gladly licked them away, sucking the last of it from his fingers as the detective caught her breath.
He eventually snapped himself out of it and changed before slipping under the covers, right before he heard the en suite door reopen. He felt the bed dip behind him and he shut his eyes tight, willing himself to calm down enough to sleep, but he was still a little wound up.
Sherlock cracked his eyes open and looked up at his army doctor and through his panting, nodded and pushed back against the toy on his own.
John dips his head down and kisses a line from Sherlock's belly button, down to his cock and licks his way to the tip. Sherlock throws his head back as John holds his hips to the bed, and continues to lick and kiss his way up and down the detective's fully hard cock.
Sherlock couldn't breathe. John looked so miserable, thrashing around in the sheets, trying to find friction, begging Sherlock to help him, and Sherlock was losing control over his body to his instincts.
Just a few minutes after he starts his ministrations, John can feel his orgasm coming along by just looking at the helpless detective sweating and moaning on the bed, so he reaches down and wraps his fingers around Sherlock's dripping cock and pumps it in time with his own thrusts.
"No, Sherlock I told you you couldn't come. Don't you dare come without permission," John warned sternly.
Sherlock grinned as his eyes slipped shut, head leaned all the way back on the pillow, soaking up bliss from John's ministrations.
Sherlock whined deep in the back of his throat and bent down to take the jacket off the sweating man. He had scared John so bad, he triggered a heat in the poor man.
They both moaned as the taller woman took her time, alternating between sucking one of Joan's nipples and gently using her fingers to tease the other one. After only a couple minutes of teasing, Joan began to undulate her hips towards Sherlock's body.
Sherlock whimpered quietly and very unhappily before turning back around to go back to the crime scene, the plug still buzzing softly deep inside his bum.
Sherlock groaned long and low and grasped the sheets and writhed as John began to frot against his cock, quick and hard.
Joan smiled as she watched her girlfriend get ready for bed in the bathroom mirror, slipping her fingers gently between the strands of ebony curls on the detective's head, massaging her tense scalp.
John blushed deeply and looked down at his feet as he nodded, "I seem to have left my suppressants at home," he mumbled.
As John continued to praise Sherlock, he slowly pushed the tip of the toy into Sherlock's hole. The taller man's nerves went crazy and he all but begged John to put it in faster, but John wanted to torture him for just a little longer.
John sighed and turned to unpack his things nice and orderly, whereas Sherlock will probably just live out of his suitcase.
Sherlock's heart tightened and he softly wrapped his arms around John's wrists, pulling them down to his sides. "Let me help you," Sherlock said, patiently unbuttoning John's shirt and sliding it off his shoulders, before pulling back.
Moaning loudly they began bucking against each other with abandon, falling out of rhythm fast. Sherlock's hand reached under Joan's knee and pushed it up and against her chest, thankful for the yoga classes she had been doing since moving in, and began to rub her pussy against Joan's vigorously, while holding her in place, bringing them both very quickly to climax.
John growled as he began to thrust into his lover, the scent from where they joined overwhelming him. With his fingers in a vice grip on Sherlock’s hips, he allowed his primal urge to breed and fuck, to overpower him and soon he was relentlessly pounding into the Omega below him.
Sherlock could barely get through the door without already stripping his clothes off. John's steady hands rounded the corner right behind him to help him unbutton and unbuckle all the garments in his way of having Sherlock's body. After the detective was fully stripped, he hopped onto the bed, facing John, legs spread, waiting for him.
It quickly became too much for the inexperienced student as he felt himself come closer to the brink of climax. He pulled away, panting, and leaned up to John’s ear. “Hurry and open me up so you can fuck this virgin hole,” he growled hungrily into his professor’s ear.
He flipped the vibrator to the higher setting and watched Sherlock buck his hips into the air, and claw at the sheets around him. "P-please John. Let me come please!" He moaned desperately facing his head to the doctor.
He was silenced by John grabbing a handful of his hair and tugging it back forcefully to make eye contact with the detective. "I warned you, didn't I, Sherlock?"
Sherlock nodded once, "Well it's the least I could do, but please do try and keep your scents under control, it is quite distracting."
"Then hurry up, Doctor," Sherlock said with a wink and sank his mouth all the way down to the base of John's cock in one swift move. John gasped quietly, his eyes rolling to the back of his head as he felt the tip of his cock hit the back of the detective's throat.
I'm just a few strokes of his hand and John's tongue inside him, Sherlock came in several thick ropes all over his hand and the sheets below him. It didn't take long for him to recover enough to stand up but when he did, his knees visibly shook and he had to sit down in his chair while John stripped the bed of sheets. John happily carried the tall lanky man back to bed and tucked him in nicely before he left to clean up their mess.
Sherlock threw his head back and moaned deliciously loud while he fucked himself back onto the doctor, "Please let me come, sir! I'll do anything! Please!"
“I wasn't always this way. In fact I used to be rather the opposite. But being too emotional leads to its own set of problems. So it was easier to do away with it all.”
They collapsed onto each other in a sweaty, satisfied tangle of limbs, breathing heavily. It was several long minutes before either of them moved or spoke, content to simply lie in each others arms. Eventually John conjured up enough energy to roll over and pull Sherlock onto him to rest on his chest. He let his fingers slip into Sherlock's hair, stroking the soft tendrils gently.
John shook it free a little more forcefully than intended, and made his way down the stairs and out the door without looking back.
"Are you back at Baker Street then?" Sherlock didn't answer right away, instead looked down again at the contents of his pint glass as though they were fascinating to him.
At this, the overwhelming desire to take Sherlock in his arms intensifies, but instead John drops to his knees in front of his friend.
He pulled away from Sherlock's lips but didn't release his grip on his shoulders, something within him already aching at the loss of contact, and felt a harsh tremor rock his body. John's mind battled desperately between the urge to hit him again and kiss him again, but before he could decide on either his body decided for him. He broke down into the tears that would never come before, into harsh agonising sobs that made him wonder who was making that god awful noise, until he vaguely realised that it was himself. The next thing he knew was that Sherlock was pulling him forward, that he was burying his face in the gap between Sherlock's neck and shoulder, feeling the too-sharp collarbones and the soft fabric of his expensive suit jacket, threading his fingers inextricably through Sherlock's hair. He was only partially aware of Sherlock rubbing firm yet soothing circles into his back, of the meaningless whispers coming from both of them.
Sherlock grunted in agreement, making quick work of John's shirt buttons and peeling the damp fabric away from his skin. John's hands went to Sherlock's trousers, unbuttoning and unzipping them but unable to help himself from rubbing Sherlock's erection through the material. Sherlock moaned into John's mouth.
“Soames was clearly very impressed by you,” John continues, “I’m betting he’s full of regret right now.”
They head out the door and towards the university grounds, and although John notices the pointed way Sherlock fastens his scarf around his neck and turns up his coat collar, he has the good grace not to say anything.
“So what’s this all about then, another royal scandal that we need to keep hidden from the public?” he jokes, hoping to lighten the mood.
He applies a little pressure, intensifying his kissing, sucking and biting of Sherlock’s flesh, speeding up the movement of his hand around his cock, until the detective is writhing beneath him, moaning freely now.
John read over Sherlock's text with a slight frown on his face. He suspected that Sherlock had always been blissfully free from those four words and the certain doom that they implied. Therefore it was likely that coming from Sherlock the words weren't an ominous warning of bad things to come, so John tried to relax. Everything had been fine, better than fine, just that morning…how wrong could they possibly have gone in just a few short hours? He groaned internally as he reminded himself who he was dealing with. Anything could happen when it was to do with Sherlock Holmes. Not that he himself wasn't struggling to understand and process everything that had gone on between them in the last twenty four hours. He was utterly confused, yet at the same time filled with a clarity of thought that was astounding. He loved Sherlock, had long since realised that, but everything seemed to be moving so fast. He knew that things always did with Sherlock. Like when he'd first met him and trusted him inherently almost immediately- something that had really never happened to him before. In fact, he had been sure enough of their connection to kill a man to protect Sherlock, without even thinking twice. So yes, he had to admit that life with the eccentric consulting detective didn't exactly move at a normal pace.
Sherlock continued the movement and John found that he could think of nothing other than the incredible feel of Sherlock's long fingers wrapped around him, his exquisitely soft lips against his own...it was perfect and he was drowning in the sensation, dying the most sublime death. He strongly suspected that he wasn't going to last long at this rate, especially not when Sherlock started whispering in his ear in a particularly deep tone of voice that drove John half mad with pleasure.
“You seem to be forgetting that I do have responsibilities now, namely a child and a job, I'm not just at your beck and call to go off gallivanting around the country,” John replies sternly, but he can’t quite manage to keep his lip from quirking at the side.
It took Sherlock a while to answer, and John suspected that he was getting close to the part that he didn't want to tell John.
Mycroft turned away, his body language displaying his apparent distaste that John was choosing to be so difficult.
"I knew that my life was in danger. And I also knew that if I told you, you would never leave me and yours would be too. So I invented the story about Mrs Hudson, knowing that you would go running."
Sherlock accepts the warm mug and takes a sip. John can’t help but feel silly suggesting that tea is any kind of solution to their problems, but the doctor side of him knows that Sherlock needs fluids and sustenance so it really will make him feel a little better. They sit in silence for a while, sipping their tea and gazing into the fireplace. John observes that his physical condition seems to be improving as he warms up, he’s no longer shaking and has a bit of colour back in his face. Eventually, Sherlock decides to take a shower, assuring John he will be fine. He comes back dressed warmly in long sleeves and sweatpants and seems in better spirits, much to John’s relief.
"I know I said I wouldn't contact you, and I know you're still angry with me, but John, I just needed to see you…needed to tell you…"
"I do know what it was like for you, because I was there," Sherlock replied quietly. "I was away but I came back every now and then to watch over you, to make sure you were okay. It killed me to see you that way, so much so that I almost contacted you so many times to tell you the truth. But I couldn't. I couldn't because as much as you were hurting, you were alive and well and safe, and that was better than you being dead. So don't think that this has been easy for me."
He pushes the paralysing thoughts aside and climbs the stairs, his foot fall perhaps a little heavier than it should be.
If he’d known what was to come, he would have spent longer revelling in this happy moment, would have somehow appreciated even more their relaxing and peaceful day together in Cambridge, what felt like a world away from London and all its troubles. But alas, there was no way for either of them to know, and so they walked out of the pub and into their future, unknowing and blissfully ignorant.
John pulled himself from his thoughts and considered this. He didn't know how to feel anymore- his mind seemed full of nothing but thick heavy clouds of confusion and conflicting thoughts and emotions. Over a week had passed since the conversation with Sherlock and Mycroft, the one that had turned his life upside down. This had occurred so many times that John figured that his world must be the right way up again soon and things would start to make sense. Sherlock had had the good sense to not push John, aside from a short text that once again implied he was giving John space and would be there when he was ready. But John didn't know when he would be ready. He'd decided against rushing straight to his therapists office, trying instead to sort through the mess in his head alone, but he now found himself lost with no idea of where to go.
At first he sees nothing, but then as he turns he can make out a small huddled figure in the shadows against one of the pillars. John picks up his pace again and can’t stop his breath from catching in his throat as he sees Sherlock. He’s sat leant against a dirty wall, his legs drawn up to his chest. He’s soaking wet from the weather and is shivering in his thin shirt and blazer, appearing far too small for such a tall and usually imposing man, and looking stiff, uncomfortable and unbearably lost. But his face. John’s heart cracks at the sight of his face. Sherlock looks utterly broken. In three strides John is at his side. He’s desperate to embrace the man and fighting a raging battle against the desire to throw his arms around Sherlock’s vulnerable frame. But he has to assess and respect Sherlock’s current emotional state and possible need for space. Sherlock’s eyes flick up and towards John’s but won’t meet them.
"It's not…that simple. I wish it were. I know that you did what you did to protect me, but you have to understand that this is a lot to take in and I can't just…pick up where we left off."
“Oh gosh, Sherlock, look at you! What have you done to yourself?” Mrs Hudson frets, rushing over to him to get a better look at the wound on his shoulder.
Again he had the strange sensation of not quite knowing what he was saying yet knowing as he said the words that they were true.
"Because he's right- he was involved and therefore it will be easier if we explain together," Sherlock said reluctantly.
“Despite the increased security at Sherrinford, Eurus managed to escape again. She took out security personnel and temporarily disabled the surveillance, though we're still not entirely sure how. By the time the situation was escalate it was too late. Eurus was already outside and they couldn't reach her in time. She threw herself off the cliff.”
“I’m going to touch and kiss and bite you all over until you can’t take it anymore. Then I’m going to throw you down on that couch, hold you down and fuck you until you scream.”
By this point it was getting late so Sherlock suggested takeaway back at the apartment and John (along with his growling stomach) readily agreed. It was after ten when they made it back to the apartment, and Sherlock went straight about ordering Uber Eats whilst John got to work on setting a fire in the small, modern fireplace.
He leans forward, licking a line from Sherlock’s prominent collarbone right up to the spot behind his ear. Sherlock shivers with delight and twists his head, his lips seeking out John’s. John captures them roughly, sliding his tongue inside Sherlock’s open mouth, then allows the kiss to become slow and languid and tender. But before Sherlock can enjoy it too much, John is pulling away again, briefly releasing Sherlock to pull off his own jacket and unbutton his shirt. He almost groans in relief as he unzips his trousers and pulls them off, along with his underwear, finally freeing his painfully hard cock. Sherlock swallows hard and John almost pounces on him at the sight of his adam’s apple bobbing up and down his long, slender neck. The porcelain skin is far too perfect and he plans to make his mark upon it.
My sincere apologies for the big delay between chapters. I was busy planning my wedding, getting married, and going on my honeymoon! I'm back on track now so will be posting regular updates again, though we're only a few chapters from the finish now. Thanks for your support and, as always, I'd love to hear your feedback and thoughts.
And their eyes had met then, both smiling genuine smiles at one another for the first time in ages. It had felt good.
“Nuh uh, get back here, Sherlock, I’m not done with you,” he says sternly, and Sherlock has the good sense to stop in his tracks and return silently to the living room.
“Sorry, you talking to me?” he asks, lowering the newspaper to his lap and looking over at Sherlock, whose face is still buried in his laptop.
“I know I didn’t know you back then,” John says quietly, “but I do know there are aspects of your past that you’re less than proud of, we all have them, I sure as hell do. Just know that I’m not judging you and that I will never…get bored of you.”
"I thought you were straight," Sherlock replied immediately and John didn't miss the smirk in his voice despite his admirable effort at concealing it from his expression.
He remembers quite clearly one of the first times Sherlock had touched him. They’d been at Baskerville and were still cooling off the morning after their blazing row, in which Sherlock had vehemently informed him that he doesn’t have friends. John had been stalking away through the graveyard after a half-hearted apology from Sherlock. Then Sherlock had suddenly and very deliberately grabbed his arm and it had shot through him like an electric shock because Sherlock had never done that before. Sherlock had always seemed determined to avoid any kind of touch, any kind of emotion, yet here he was breaking all of his own self-imposed rules. For John. He had tried not to look too pleased but had felt a definite change within their relationship – now they were officially friends. After that there had of course been the odd casual touches, the handshakes and pats on the back here and there. The strong urge he’d felt to pull Sherlock into a hug before he boarded that plane when they’d both thought he was leaving again, this time forever. But that would have made their predicament too real, and he doubted that either of them were prepared to face the reality of the situation. Thank god they hadn’t needed to, in the end.
Sherlock's new number then. The message had been simple, direct, and to the point, like the detective himself so often was. But John had known that 'I'll be here' was an assurance that Sherlock wasn't going away again, at least not anytime soon. And that had been enough for the time being. John had put the phone back down without saving Sherlock's name back into it and had fallen into a restless slumber, too exhausted to move from his armchair.
“I’ve booked us an apartment within walking distance of the Chem department until Sunday afternoon, that should give us plenty of time to investigate and wrap things up, wouldn’t you say?”
“Thanks for this,” he says, making a gesture to indicate the drink, the apartment, the weekend, and everything else.
“No, it makes no sense! Why would she do that? What would be her motivation? I saw her only two weeks ago and she was the same as always, she was-”
“It hasn’t yet been recovered from the waters surrounding Sherrinford. Given weather conditions at the time of the event, and the overall treacherous conditions surrounding Sherrinford, it is possible that her body may never be recovered.”
“You made me feel things again,” Sherlock continues in a deep voice, “and life became confusing and exciting and frustrating and marvellous. And then of course Mary and Rosie came along and, well, you know how I feel about them.”
He leans back against his desk with his arms folded petulantly, and now that his blazer and coat are off, John observes that his dark shirt is ripped and stained but there’s not a large amount of blood. He notes that Sherlock looks a bit drained, but not visibly in a great deal of pain. There’s a loaded pause and Mrs Hudson promptly gathers her crotchet work from the arm of John’s chair. John lips quirk into a half smile when he notices that she’s working on another tiny jacket for Rosie, mint green this time.
And John feels an unexpected surge of sympathy for the older Holmes brother and the burden he bears.
“And close friend,” John adds before he can stop himself, but is relieved to note that Sherlock seems pleased with this addition.
Now back at the safety of the flat, his emotions are a pendulum swinging from concerned but relieved to fuming and frustrated, and he tries desperately to get himself under control before heading upstairs where Mrs Hudson has been looking after Rosie. He isn’t quite sure why he’s so angry but suspects that it’s borne out of fear. After all he and Sherlock have been through, the thought of anything serious happening to his best friend completely terrifies him. And the thought of losing him, again…
"Well it must be important," he commented lightly. "I've never seen you lost for words before. Normally I can't get you to shut the hell up."
It’s in their third week of living together again that Sherlock and John have their first proper case. With everything that had been going on, John had been lax with keeping the blog up to date, typing up only very brief summaries of their cases that were more for his and Sherlock’s reference than for public consumption. But now that Baker Street was back up and running it seemed that news had quickly spread.
An indefinable amount of minutes passed before either of them could speak or even do anything other than breathe and cling to one another, letting their awareness and surroundings slowly slip back into place. Finally, John drew Sherlock in for a soft kiss, bringing their still entwined hands up to where their hearts were still beating rapidly beside one another. His mind wildly flashed through all the times they had been beside one another, sharing an erratic heartbeat from a chase or escape or a life threatening situation. This was so different and yet so similar…the sense of danger, the adrenaline, the excitement. But there was so much more this time. So much more than he could have ever even imagined.
He firmly grips it and carefully eases it out, watching Sherlock’s face as he whimpers at the loss. But he doesn’t feel empty for long because John is pressing slick fingers against him before slowly pushing them inside. Sherlock hisses as they enter him fully and John knows what Sherlock wants. He leans back over the man as he slowly fucks him with his fingers and kisses him once, softly, lovingly. The calm before the storm. A few moments pass and the tension within both of them increases rapidly.
At this John has a strong visual of the terrible scene. The pale figure standing at the cliff edge, the furious wind whipping her hair and white dress, her face as she plunged to her untimely death.
"Okay, I'll tell you. Just...don't hate me," he finally said, and the vulnerability in his voice sent another pang straight through John's heart.
, taking John’s anger without protest and trying to put him back together when he inevitably fell apart. John remembers being slightly surprised that Sherlock had known just what he needed and had slowly and deliberately wrapped his hand around John’s arm, drawing him close, the long fingers of his other hand coming up to curl around the back of his neck. Sherlock’s presence so close to him had felt right and endlessly reassuring – he was safe here – and he’d finally felt something deep within him release as he’d clutched at Sherlock’s clothing, face buried in his chest, and silently sobbed. Neither of them had spoken any further, Sherlock had simply wrapped both arms around John and stroked soothing circles on his back, his face titled down and towards John’s, lightly brushing against his hair. They stayed that way for what felt like a long time, until John had gotten himself under control. Finally, somewhat reluctantly, they had parted. John had swiped his hand over his face, suddenly self-conscious now that Sherlock could actually see him.
Sherlock abruptly cut himself off with a look that John could only describe as sheepish, and John couldn't help but wish that he'd carried out his insult...this polite, cautious Sherlock was unsettling.
"Or we could just..." Sherlock tried again, before recapturing John's lips with more ferocity than before.
"Sherlock," he'd said quietly, pulling the other man aside just before they left to meet Molly and the others at Speedy’s.
John freezes momentarily, then mercifully the kettle finishes boiling and flicks off. John turns to it, lifting it with just the faintest tremble in his hand.
His expression is uncertain in a way that John has only seen a couple of times before, and John senses Sherlock grow even tenser beside him.
John sits in his therapist’s office and the silence stretches out before him, long and unhurried. He’s told her briefly about the argument and about the odd pattern they’d fallen into of sharing a bed, but now he’s finding it one of the harder sessions he’s had in a while, partially because he just doesn’t know where to start. Ella is watching him non-judgementally, patiently giving him the time and space she’s long since learnt he needs.
His words got gradually louder as he spoke, and when he finished the word "dead" rang in the heavy silence that greeted it.
“Yes, Doctor Watson, I know you from the papers and your blog of course. With your background you must find it challenging to work with someone who has such…unorthodox methods.”
"I know that it's hard for you to talk about that day, John, but it's important that you try. I think you'll find that it helps."
John couldn't help but crack a small smile, and he considered the text briefly before shooting off his reply.
"Thank you for taking care of me, John," he says in a gravelly voice, starting to drift off to sleep.
He releases his grip on Sherlock’s hair and trails his hand down his neck and chest, coming to rest against his right nipple. He rubs it with his fingers, softly at first, and ducks his head to capture the other nipple with his lips. He slides his tongue experimentally over the now erect nipple, pinching the other, and Sherlock moans and squeezes his eyes shut. His movements are slow, deliberate and torturous, and John knows that if Sherlock’s hand were free he’d be threading them through his hair, bossily pushing his mouth closer. He closes his mouth over the nipple, licking and sucking at it hard, and Sherlock throws his head back with a groan.
John found himself pausing in between kisses to kiss Sherlock's face, whispering absently as he did so.
"John, I feel as though we keep coming back to these things that you never got the chance to say to Sherlock. Do you think we can talk about that?"
Sherlock sounds utterly destroyed and John’s chest throbs painfully at his last words. He reaches out to ever so gently brush back Sherlock’s hair, half expecting to be rejected. Sherlock flinches minutely, sending a pang through John’s heart, before leaning into the touch.
The words had been hard to get out, not because he didn't mean them but because he still couldn't wrap his head around what he had done, even though the physical evidence was quite literally staring him in the face.
He is however making a particularly strong effort to be as patient and kind to Sherlock as he possibly can, having resolved that he doesn’t want to be that man anymore – the one who lets his own insecurities, guilt and anger play out on those around him. He’d made a promise to Mary that he would be a better man, and he wants to be better than that,
“Given that I've never shown any apparent interest in relationships, have determinedly rejected sentiment and insisted that I'm married to my work.”
Sherlock and John toppled onto the couch, still clinging to one another, and John tried to land gracefully on top, half succeeding and splaying his hands on either side of Sherlock to support his weight. He lent down towards the man beneath him and kissed him hard, their tongues sliding against each other, his teeth nipping softly at Sherlock's full lower lip. Sherlock reached for the bottom of John's jumper and pulled it over his head, throwing it aside and taking advantage of the easier access by sliding his warm hands part way up John's back. John moaned softly into Sherlock's mouth and couldn't even bring himself to feel self-conscious about it.
Sherlock practically purrs under John's fingers and twists his head, his mouth seeking out John's. Their lips meet, tongues sliding together in a slow, languid dance. Sherlock's breath hitches ever so slightly and John notices with pleasure that his partner's cock is growing hard again.
It had been an exceedingly rough few months, for everyone, as they each struggled to deal with the aftermath of the tumultuous events surrounding Mary’s death, Sherlock and John’s falling out, of Eurus, Sherringford and Musgrave, and the destruction of the place he and Sherlock had once called home. John had thrown himself into the careful rebuilding and restoration of 221B, part of him pretending, and perhaps hoping, that the cracks inside himself could be repaired as purposefully as those of the flat. He thought in a way that they had all tried to convince themselves of that, even Sherlock with his stubborn rejection of sentiment.
Sherlock looks slightly crestfallen that this summary has failed to impress John, but recovers quickly.
He stopped again, because the memory of the words still hurt him after all this time. He had asked himself why so many times. Why would Sherlock say such a thing and why why why would he jump from that rooftop? His belief in Sherlock had never wavered even slightly and his belief that the great man, his great man, had killed himself was even less. Another deep, shuddering breath.
“Sherlock, you’re alive,” he chokes out, the shadows of the nightmare still invading the edge of his peripheral.
The following morning sees them enjoying a lazy breakfast after a small sleep in, after which they decide to wonder around the town and take a long walk along the canals. It’s a gorgeous day, despite the chill in the air, and they fall into a natural rhythm and easy conversation as they walk. Around lunchtime, they choose from the many cosy looking pubs and settle in for a leisurely lunch. They Face Time Molly and Rosie from John’s phone and explain that they’ve solved the case early and will be heading back first thing tomorrow. John can see that Molly is a little puzzled as to why they’re staying without a case to work on, but thankfully she doesn’t question it. And, much to John’s relief, she’s made all kinds of elaborate plans for the two of them and they both seem perfectly happy, easing most of the guilt he feels for being away without a “proper reason”.
“I know,” Sherlock replies, his voice thick and catching in his throat. “I know and I’m so sorry to have failed you again.”
“Because that’s how long it took Mycroft to locate me, infiltrate their ranks, get to me and help me escape. He did the best he could.”
John lands on top and straddles him, pinning Sherlock’s arms above his head and bringing his lips down to meet Sherlock’s in a bruising kiss. Sherlock moans loudly at this sudden change as John snaps the handcuffs back around Sherlock’s wrists with a satisfying click. He keeps Sherlock pinned down as he repositions himself to slide his rock hard and now leaking cock against Sherlock’s length.
"Hi? Really? That's all you have to say to me after being gone for almost a year, during which time everyone, including me, thought that you were dead?"
Sherlock opens his eyes and his tongue darts out, licking the sticky fluid from his lips and John captures his mouth hotly with his own, tasting himself in Sherlock’s kiss.
But things were different now. He was starting to accept that, and was even starting to be able to feel grateful for the time they had spent together instead of grieving the loss of future adventures. He'd had to start working again but he was still helping Lestrade with cases— Sherlock had taught him well and John was more often than not able to add valuable insight that would have otherwise gone overlooked. He owed Sherlock that, thought John. He would never let the Science of Deduction die.
“Mind telling us what this is all about, dear brother?” Sherlock says, trying his best to sound impatient, but even John can tell that it’s a cover for his sudden nerves.
He trailed off, another surge of anger hitting him powerfully, and before he knew it he was rushing at Sherlock, grabbing his suit jacket, pushing him roughly against the wall of the small living room.
They dazedly rose off the couch, still holding on to one another, half halfheartedly cleaning up the mess they had made, not bothering to put their clothes back on, and stumbling to Sherlock's room. They did all this without a word- there seemed to be an understanding that nothing needed to be said, at least not right now. They fell into bed, kissing lazily, and John settled comfortably onto Sherlock's chest. Sherlock let his fingers spider through John's hair and John relaxed into his touch, feeling content for the first time since Sherlock had disappeared, and fell quickly asleep.
John slides his hand down Sherlock’s body, laid out so beautifully beneath him, and squeezes his ass roughly. He gropes around the couch cushions for the bottle of lubricant they’ve stashed there for occasions such as this one. He locates it and flips the cap open in preparation.
“Not interrupting anything, Mrs Hudson” John had said quickly, clearing his throat. “We’re just having a little dance practice…you know,
He opens the Air B & B app for the address and passes John his phone. John can’t help but feel bitterly disappointed that their time together in Cambridge has come to such an abrupt end, but he knows it would be silly to say so now that they’re not here solving a case.
John copies the address from the app, shoots off a text to Mycroft and presses the back button. Predictably, he and Sherlock’s text conversation record is the next one down. He can’t help but notice that beside his name is a small image where the icon has been changed from the standard. He taps his own name to enlarge the picture, figuring that it’s not exactly snooping when it’s his own conversation with Sherlock. But now that he can see the image properly it almost takes his breath away. It’s a photo of John and Rosie, taken the sunny summer day they had finished rebuilding 221B and had celebrated with a picnic in the park. In it, Rosie is grasping a strawberry in her chubby little hand and is messily attempting to feed herself, and John is lying alongside her on the picnic blanket and looking at her with both laughter and obvious adoration in his eyes. John had quite liked the photo when Sherlock had taken it, as he had always been partial to candid, natural photographs. He’s nothing short of touched that Sherlock has applied it to his contact record and wonders how often Sherlock actually looks at the photo. But before he can consider it any further, Sherlock is on his way back to the table. John exits the screen and hands the phone back to Sherlock with a smile.
"So Sherlock managed to convince his best friend that he was dead. How do you think he managed that?"
His voice was strained with emotion and his grip on John's good shoulder increased to the point of almost being painful.
"That's it, love. Relax, I've got you," he hums, wrapping his arms around his lover and slowly stroking from his clavicle, down his chest and past his belly button then back up, letting the warm water trickle down his body.
"I told you about my plan to fake my own death, about how I did it and why-" He paused and John nodded minutely -"but I didn't tell you how far back it went. I knew for a long time that my life was in danger and that yours would be too, so I started taking steps towards a plan that I had hoped I would never have to put into action. But when Moriarty resurfaced for the final time I knew that I would have to."
He paused and seemed to struggle with himself over something. And at that moment, Sherlock's phone rang loudly, causing all three of them to very nearly jump in surprise. Sherlock pulled it from the inner pocket of his suit jacket and glanced at it quickly.
John said nothing, almost completely convinced that he certainly would not see. He stared back at Mycroft, trying to put as much contempt into his gaze as possible. Mycroft stared back passively, showing no evidence of being at all fazed by John's anger. It was as though they were strangers once again. Mycroft turned to Sherlock with the same smug little smile that John had learnt he used during particularly unpleasant dealings, and cleared his throat politely.
to cover it. You don't know what it was like for me. You were my best friend and my world and you saved my life in so many ways and then you were gone and I was alone again only this time I knew what I was missing out on, what my life could be…what it was…with you."
"I know. But it was the only way, John. I never would have forgiven myself if anything had happened to you," he said in a low voice.
“You know how to reach me if needed. Regrettably, I have my doubts that Sherlock will accept help from me in any form. In his mind, everything that has happened is my fault.”
But neither of them had missed her suggestive wink as she left, and as soon as the door had closed behind her they’d burst into another fit of giggling.
The words are out of his mouth before he’s even had a chance to register them. He curses internally at his neediness, at putting Sherlock in such a position when even the most everyday social encounters can be baffling to him. But Sherlock appears unfazed by the request and he’s already moving back towards the bed, towards John.
Sherlock shivers, unable to speak, as John resumes his assault of Sherlock’s throat, his free hand coming up to tangle in Sherlock’s curls.
“I know you will, John. Even though Sherlock doesn’t often say it, he appreciates your support immensely. You mean more to him than you will ever know.”
John had stared at her hard for a moment and had been both frustrated and relieved to find that her expression was very deliberately unreadable, but also completely non-judgmental.
"No, she has a date this evening," Sherlock replied, looking down at John with a hint of a smirk playing on his lips.
“Quite the contrary,” he responds sharply, “it’s an honour to work with someone as brilliant as Sherlock.”
As he pours the hot water into the waiting tea pot he feels Sherlock’s eyes remain on him for another long moment before he turns his attention back to his work.
his brain helpfully interjects “-and I know I have no right, particularly since I was married, but…”
“It’s nothing,” he replies quietly, and John has the distinct impression that he’s trying hard to keep his voice even.
John reluctantly agrees and launches into the story, leaving out a lot of the finer details of their interactions with The Woman.
He hesitates, debating with himself about whether to bring up earlier today. Sherlock seems to be in a good mood and he doesn’t want to bring him down. But he does want to check in with him, and has to admit that part of him is still curious to know more.
“Don’t pretend you want normalcy, John, when you know as well as I do what happens when you try to seek that out.”
“Well it was hardly one of your greatest achievements consulting detective wise but far be it for me to deny any reason for a good drink.”
John says nothing, allowing himself to be comforted as he gets his breathing under control, but he knows that part of the nightmare is not only very real but that they’ve lived it. They stay like that a few moments longer without the need to speak, and it feels strange but uplifting to have Sherlock’s unmistakable scent – familiar and pleasant, the smell of home – all around him.
They manage to shakily climb to their feet and out of the bath, helping each other briefly rinse off in the shower before towelling off and making it to Sherlock's bed, falling between the blissfully clean sheets and kissing lazily. John settles back, with Sherlock resting on his chest and drawing small circles on John's skin with his long fingers, heavy eyelids already slipping closed.
He swallowed hard, focusing on his hands on his knees, the way his fingers gripped the fabric of his trousers tightly.
"You were grieving," Sherlock had broken in insistently, almost sharply, but his expression had been warm and John had seen compassion there that he damn well knew he didn't deserve.
Sherlock had looked taken aback and a small pang shot through John at the idea that he'd probably not received birthday presents since he'd moved away from his parents in his teens.
“Well, there’s simply nothing else for it, we’re off to Cambridge,” Sherlock suddenly announces to the room at large.
Sherlock finally finds his voice, though is sounds small and weak and barely recognisable as his own. He can't even bring himself to care, mind almost completely blank for once as he processes everything that has just happened.
His tone is calm but John can hear the concealed warning, a sign that his tolerance of the topic is wearing thin. John decides not to push it. The night has been hard enough for both of them and he had never expected this. He draws his hand lightly over the scarred skin again in what he hopes is a soothing gesture. He’s sure it’s clumsy and he isn’t even sure why he’s doing it. He just doesn’t know what else to do as thoughts invade his head and consume him.
The next thing he knows, Sherlock is off and out of the room like a whirlwind, Soames not far behind. Not five minutes have passed before they’re back, accompanied by another student. His large muscular build indicates that he regularly plays sport of some kind, John's bet is on rugby. The man is sullen and looks like he’d rather be anywhere else. Brian’s face goes visibly red as he enters the room.
is he back, John? You told me last year that you saw him fall, you saw his dead body," Celine now said carefully, after she had accepted that Sherlock was indeed back.
Now John’s sitting at his desk at the clinic, trying to focus through the static in his head and the grit in his eyes. He’s cursing himself for taking on an extra shift, the late shift of all things, but the clinic had been desperate and he’d rationalised that he could use some extra cash with Christmas not far away. He’d taken almost two weeks off whilst Sherlock was at his worst, but he knew he couldn’t be on leave indefinitely and it was hardly realistic for him to be with Sherlock every second of the day and night. Mrs Hudson had kindly agreed to take Rosie for the night, and keep an eye on Sherlock at the same time. He’s trying to catch up on some patient notes when his mobile rings. Mrs Hudson. His stomach drops at the sight of the caller display – she only ever calls when it’s something urgent and currently with her are the two people John cares most about in the world. He scrambles to answer the phone.
Sherlock looked up and met his eyes and John was surprised to see the intensity that had sparked within them.
John entwined his fingers in Sherlock's curls, which were if possible even more out of control than before, his brain too far gone at this point to acknowledge anything but the feel of Sherlock's lips against his, the taste of him, the smell of him, the fact that he was here in his arms, not dead, not decaying, but alive and here and so god damn beautiful, and that he had missed him more than he'd ever thought was possible and—
Sherlock smiled at John as he removed his coat and scarf and sat down at the opposite side of the small table.
Sherlock seems half there already and doesn’t have the strength to protest and John helps him up and towards his bedroom. He pulls back the covers and crawls into bed, barely taking his eyes off John.
But whilst Sherlock had forgiven him with such grace, it hadn’t been so easy for John to forget. He was acutely aware that it wasn’t the first time he had touched Sherlock with violence and was ashamed to recall his reaction when Sherlock had “returned from the dead”. The recollections still gnawed at him in both his waking and sleeping hours. They had piled onto the already extraordinary amount of guilt he carried with him – over Mary’s death and his affair, such as it was, over not being a good enough father to Rosie and not being a good enough friend – and compounded with his grief to sit like a dead weight around his shoulders and lead within his stomach.
But even Sherlock has to admit that he sounds completely shattered and knows it not entirely from the evenings vigorous activities.
Sherlock huffs in protest but John can tells he’s secretly pleased that John thinks so. They’re both silent a moment, lost in their thoughts. John had seen quite clearly that Soames would have liked to take Sherlock home and feels a great surge of satisfaction that he’ll never be allowed to, that John will always be the one to –
A lazy breeze rolled through the trees above their small group, bringing with it a pleasantly relaxed atmosphere and a lightness that John hadn’t felt in months. John couldn’t help but chuckle at the uncommon sight of Sherlock sprawled out on the picnic rug – all long, graceful limbs and looking as close to casually relaxed as Sherlock ever got – whilst somehow not losing a bit of the posh, composed demeanour that surrounded him always.
Sherlock was always so impatient with foreplay, always just wanting to get straight to the point. John wasn't having it tonight.
Joan gasped and tightened her fingers around Sherlock's arms, bucking her hips wildly, but in tune with the rhythm Sherlock set.
"Daddy! Give it to me hard, daddy! Fuck me!" Sherlock groaned through gritted teeth as John slowly rubbed his cock against the taller man's opening.
"Yeah baby look how sexy it is to see my cock disappear into you. You're doing so good, taking my cock in your arse so so good. Want me to fuck you harder?"
He was still frustrated about the innkeepers not giving them a double room, but that's what they get for trying to get a room so last minute, he supposed.
Sherlock watched with wide eyes, knowing not to mess with the busy Omega while he decided what was worth being in the nest. Once John was satisfied with his blanket/shirt pile he had created, he came back to Sherlock (who was trying his hardest to focus on eye contact), and softly tugged him to the bed, "Alpha, nest now," he mumbled as he focused on trying to get the detective to come nest with him.
They both came closer and closer to the edge and with one last squeeze of John’s hand, they both came onto each other’s torsos, mixing their come into a sticky mess.
John watched Sherlock's cock twitch as ropes of semen flowed from it and covered his stomach, completely untouched.
Sherlock untied his towel and turned to lay down on his belly. John watched and licked his lips and placed his hands on Sherlock's back, rubbing gently, loosening Sherlock's muscles to hopefully relax the detective a little. He was tense and John could easily sense his unease. The doctor slowly made his way down Sherlock's back and to his arse, grabbing the two globes and slowly pulling them apart to show him his pink hole.
Joan started panting with each rock of her hips and her legs began to shake hard. With every hurried thrust of her hips against the detective’s face, she came closer and closer to her climax, before tipping over the edge and coming hard, gripping the headboard tightly. Her juices flowed from her and Sherlock happily lapped some up before slowly pushing the other woman from her chest and laying her down on the soft sheets beside her.
After several minutes of his gentle ministrations, John leaned forward and gave a tentative lick across Sherlock's entrance. Sherlock gasped and grabbed fistfuls of his duvet, wriggling in John's grip. John held on steady and this time took a lick from the bottom of his perineum up to the top, and over his hole. Sherlock moaned loud and felt his cock get impossibly harder.
