Steve softly pulled Tony into his chest, careful not to jostle his clearly broken wrist, soothing him with soft words. He heard heels clicking behind him and the bullies muttering an 'oh shit' as Peggy Carter marched into the hallway.
"Sì!" He said happily. "E Peter, e Nat, e Bucky..." he summed up. Bruce let out a breathy laugh when he realized the misunderstanding. "... e Thor... But he a bit loud. But he nice to me. E Sam give me food!"
Tony was walking through the halls towards history, a happy feeling causing for a happy skip in his step. He'd just had Spanish with Peter, who he'd grown very close to in the past few weeks, and his next class was with his friends. Most importantly, with
"Tony, you've been working so hard lately. How about you stop taking care of everyone else and start taking care of yourself for once?" Tony shot upright, losing his balance a little before catching himself.
He felt a harsh slap on the back of his head. He turned around to see Nat standing behind him with fury in her eyes.
The soldier suddenly sped up, reaching the very top and not hesitating to slide down the other side. Peter took it as a hint that he'd found something,
"Thanks, learned from the best," Peter shrugged. For some reason, that only made Tony's shoulders slump more. "I'm sorry, did I say something wrong?" He asked, immediately worried.
"As you wish," he said in a German accent, shrugging easily before throwing Tony away like a broken ragdoll. Tony landed painfully on the ground, a searing pain shooting up his wrist. He let out a cry he couldn't contain, cradling the broken limb close to his chest, both of which were throbbing with pain. He heard Steve yelling his name as he rushed over, pushing past the bullies who were laughing at the pathetic sight Tony was sure he was making.
"If you want to watch a movie, try not to get yourself blown up," the archer said before stuffing his mouth full with popcorn. Tony stuck out his tongue like a real adult before tapping the empty space next to him on the couch.
"Um, Cap-Steve, Steve told me..." he whispered, looking anywhere but his mentor's eyes. Said mentor fell back in his chair with an exaggerated sigh.
Steve was silent for a long time. Slowly, the happy feeling Tony had when he'd discovered what his feelings meant made way for dread, sinking like a brick to settle uncomfortably in his stomach. He'd only seen love between Jarvis and Ana, who loved each other dearly, and the people on the boats. He'd never even considered the fact that his love might not be reciprocated.
Because before him, Mr. Stark was sitting behind a piano, his fingers dancing elegantly over the keys, humming along softly. Next to him on the piano stool sat none other than Captain America himself, looking at Tony with a soft smile and something that looked like adoration in his blue eyes. But Peter didn't focus on that as he found himself slightly entranced, watching his mentor's fingers dance softly across the keys with practiced ease, the soft tune it produced like a lullaby.
Not long after, Peter rushed into the room. His face was barely holding his huge grin and Tony was worried it would actually split.
Steve had gotten the call roughly ten minutes ago, stating simply that Tony Stark was in the hospital, and he needed to come quickly. Apparently, Tony had been assaulted when leaving a press conference. Someone had broken through the fences and had managed to land a critical hit on Tony's head, immediately knocking the man unconscious. There had been several attempts to wake him up, but he'd remained unresponsive. Later on, Steve would be angry at the doctors for calling him hours after the fact, but now he just felt worried.
The walk back to their home was spent in the same silence he could cut with a knife, but Steve didn't feel like breaking it. He felt if he opened his mouth it would all come spilling out and he didn't want that just yet. He unlocked the door, hung up his coat and gestured for Tony to sit down. As Tony made himself small on the corner of the couch, Steve forced himself to take a deep breath, sitting down on the other couch and calming his beating heart.
When Tony's sobs died down to hiccups, she gently pulled back. She wiped away the tears on Tony's cheeks, holding his face gently in her hands.
"Well, I really should go back inside. I hope we won't keep you awake much longer." Steve nodded, concern and protectiveness pooling in his gut as he heard Tiberius' voice from inside the apartment, yelling for Tony to hurry it up. Tony shot Steve an apologetic look before saying goodbye.
"Okay, if that's how it is," he said, hating the way his voice cracked. Steve didn't look the slightest bit remorseful, his entire posture radiating fury. "Guess you'll no longer have to worry about me."
"Wait," Steve said, finally speaking up. "Tony... Please sit down." Tony hesitantly did as he was told, although he sat down a good distance away from Steve. Both of them missed the contact immediately. "Tony..." Steve tried again. "I- I don't know what to say..."
Tony quietly opened the door to his own room, peeking inside. The room was like the living room- cozy but spacious. It was bare with just the basic necessities like a bed, sink, and a closet to hang his clothes. His bags were in the middle of the room.
"Hey, there," the made his presence known. Tony softly greeted him back, clearly happy to see someone he knew. "You don't know this?" Steve asked, gesturing towards the cafeteria. Tony shook his head, his curls bouncing on his forehead.
"Sorry I'm late, everyone. First days are always hectic." She said, her British accent clear. "My name is Peggy Carter but you will address me as Ms. Carter. We've lost enough time as it is, so I'm just going to jump right in. You're juniors this year, so I'm expecting you all to know at least some things about this subject. There are three rows in this classroom, so the left row can start with the first world war, right the second, and the middle row the cold war. I want you all to write down as much information as you can about your subject how it started, what happened, how it ended, important people, etc. You can discuss within your row, not outside it. Treat this seriously, I will look it over at the end of this class. If I see you've not taken it seriously you may try again in detention. Is that clear?"
By the time he'd finished, he was back in tears, voice breaking and face hidden in Steve's shirt. Steve closed his eyes, burrowing his face in Tony's soft curls as he held him.
"Does your chest hurt?" She asked him softly. She knew his wrist was hurting, it was clearly broken so she didn't ask. But she knew his chest was sensitive. Tony nodded softly, knowing he couldn't lie to her. Her look was one of pure concern as she took in his hunched posture, leaning as far into Steve as he could. "Let's get him to the nurse," she said. Steve nodded and started steering Tony towards the school's infirmary.
"I got work to do," was all he said before he walked back to his unfinished project. But Steve wasn't giving up so easily today. He quietly snuck up behind the mechanic and wrapped his strong arms around the smaller man's torso, lifting him up far enough for Tony's feet to be off the ground. Tony yelped in surprise, dropping the screwdriver he had been holding.
"It's alright, I've got him. He'll be okay now," he assured them. Hesitantly, the two left, leaving them alone in the room. Steve turned back to Tony with a gentle expression, trying not to show how much Tony's screams had scared him. "Let's get you back to bed, alright?" He told him softly. Tony nodded dazedly, allowing Steve to pull him up and lead him back to the bed. Much to Tony's relief, Steve climbed in beside him, holding him close.
The man's dog trotted over, pushing the young man into Bucky's hold as she laid herself across his legs, Bucky supposed it was to apply a grounding pressure. It seemed to work as the man's breathing slowed. He bent forward to bury his face in his dog's soft fur, breathing in deeply. Bucky and Steve stayed silent, giving the man some time to regain his bearings.
"Oh, Tony," Steve soothed, his heart clenching at the sight of his friend in pain. It was enough to break the dam as the tears silently rolled down Tony's face.
They entered the yard to see a blue sky and small groups at different tables, some birds chirping in the trees and some squirrels looking for food in the grass. Steve gently steered Tony towards his friend group's standard table in the grass. He could already see Clint, Thor, and Loki sitting at the table, playing a game Clint was clearly losing at.
"Oh, Tony," Steve whispered thickly, holding out his arms. Tony immediately thrust himself into his open embrace, clutching his shirt tightly. He squeezed his eyes shut to keep the tears at bay, trembling with the effort.
"Sure, Bruce," she said, gathering her stuff and switching places with him, making sure to let their shoulders brush as they passed. Bruce looked slightly uncomfortable when he sat down. He leaned towards Tony as he whispered in his ear.
The doctor nodded and smiled kindly before going back to Tony. But no matter what he said or did, no matter how many jokes he made, Tony didn't loosen up and stayed as close to Steve as he could. Once the cast was on (red, Steve said it was a good color on him), the doctor instructed Tony to take off his sweater so he could take a look at his chest. That's where things went wrong.
He clapped Peter on his shoulder, gave him a playful wink and made his way to the elevator. Immediately, Peter forgot about the fiasco in the kitchen from just moments ago as he followed his mentor and hero to the elevator.
"Mr. Stark is finally letting me work with him in the lab," he said, practically bouncing like a little child.
The interior looked like nothing Tony had seen before in an animal shelter. The walls were painted in an easy color, for which he was grateful. It smelled like animals, but in a good way. There were some comfortable looking chairs and a table with magazines and comics in a room to the left, a hallway to the right obviously leading to the dog section of the building, if the loud barking was any indication. Behind the front desk was a tall blond man, who was staring at him in a way that made Tony squirm.
"Shut up," Tony whined, hitting his fist against his head. The voices wouldn't stop. The feeling of the belt on his back, of his father's hands in a bruising grip on his wrists. His alcohol-laden breath as he yelled at him.
The sound of someone clearing their throat behind Steve snapped the two of them out of their daze, both a bit embarrassed (though Steve didn't let go of Tony's hand and Tony didn't seem to mind). May looked at them fondly, mirth sparkling in her eyes.
?" Ana whined low in her throat, moving to stand up shakily before dropping herself in his lap. Worry churned in his gut as Tony watched his dog, his anxiety sparking once again. He held her for a moment, speaking to her softly to calm them both down before he got up, getting her some food and water. She turned away from it, whining once again.
"You promise?" He asked, holding up his pinky finger. Steve smiled, pinky finger locking onto Tony's, dwarfing the younger boy's hand with his own.
Peter put his foot down, took a big bite of the apple and set it apart to tie his other shoe, May patiently waiting for him to finish his bite. When he did, he spoke with such a big grin on his face, May was worried he was going to pull a muscle.
"Not much," she shrugged. "Just that he'd like to invite you to the 'Avengers Night', or something,"
"Hi, Mr. Stark," Peter said, happy to see his mentor was mostly back to normal. Or, back to the way he was before yesterday. "Are- are you okay?" He couldn't help but ask, just to check up.
Steve snapped himself from his raging thoughts by Tony's voice and met his concerned eyes. His sweater was back on and only his cast and black eye stood out. For the rest, he looked as normal as ever.
"Hey, man!" Peter greeted him as he dropped in his chair beside him. "I haven't seen you in a few days, were you sick? Are you feeling better now? When's the cast coming off, by the way?" Peter rambled on, and Tony was happy to note that he understood his rambles much better than he used to. Pride filled his chest as he listened to Peter talk, barely struggling to follow. "Is it true Steve yelled at you like that? If so, I can talk to him if you want. Give him a piece of my mind. I definitely have some things to say to him. Then again, he's a lot bigger than me. He could totally beat me up. Do you think he'd beat me up? I heard Natasha Romanov talked to him. I bet that was punishment enough on its own. She scares me. I think she scares everyone. Do you think she's a secret agent? She could totally be a secret agent. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm rambling again," Peter cut himself off, cheeks heating up as he scratched his neck awkwardly.
"Tony," the man said back, his hand shaking slightly in Steve's. The two idiots stared at each other for an awkwardly long time.
The boy's eyes lit up in recognition and pointed at himself. "Antonio, Tonio. Or... Tony," he said softly. Bucky grinned as he extended his hand.
He slipped past the couple, and Tony gave Steve another teasing kiss before following Clint. Steve puffed some air out of his cheeks before straightening himself and walking after them. He'd do better from now on, he told himself. It's what Tony deserved.
However, he was snapped from his peaceful trance when he saw Steve's arm move. Tony didn't seem to notice, the music never faltering. But Peter did. And since Siberia (he didn't know what happened, but he'd seen part of the aftermath, and that was enough for him), well... it was safe to say that he didn't trust the captain completely yet. His brown, watchful eyes traced the man's every movement-- who knew what that arm could do? Peter's mind raced with horrible possibilities as he slowly walked towards the pair, his feet not making any sound on the soft carpet that decked the floor. What if Steve would try and choke him? Tony wasn't aware of the danger at all, completely in his element behind the piano. Now that Peter thought of it, Steve had been looking at Mr. Stark in quite an unusual way lately. He always had a look in his eyes that Peter couldn't quite place. The more he thought about it, the more he managed to convince himself that Steve was about to kill his mentor. His breathing and heartbeat sped up as he panicked. The arm was getting too close. He needed to be fast or--
"He's walking Hulk right now. He was really shaken up, Steve. He was ready to leave, he was packing his bags when I came in."
I'm not familiar with the American school system, so I just made some things up to make it fit the story. The dorms are based on what we have here in my country because my sister is living in this sort of dorm now and I really liked that idea.
"I let him down, Nat," he whispered softly. "I let him down even though I told him that we would help him with anything. Now I can't help him with this and... and he probably hates me for it."
Tony was breathing heavily, a few tears silently making their way down his reddened cheeks. He shook his head, his curls bouncing on his forehead. Natasha sighed softly.
If I put the translations in the notes at the end of the chapter, they will appear at the end of the entire work if you don't read it chapter by chapter, so I'm just going to put them here. I'm not Italian or Spanish or even English, so the translations are all from my good friend Google Translate.
The boy looked up at being addressed, brown eyes quickly sweeping over the room before giving a soft "hello", his accent heavy. Steve's heart went out to the kid-- high school could be merciless to newbies, especially if they were in any way different than the rest. This boy was young and foreign. Hell was waiting for him.
Tony looked Steve right in the eyes, Steve's own look unwavering. Finally, Tony deemed it good enough as he nodded.
He woke up screaming at the top of his lungs, drenched in cold sweat. He flung himself off the bed, curling into himself in the corner as the voices echoed in his head, the hands touched him and the pain haunted him. He was shaking in fear, fear of the voices, the hands, and the pain because he couldn't remember. He couldn't remember the names, the faces, the moments in which they'd happened. They were fragments of a horror movie- the horror movie of his own life, played out in front of him without a storyline. Terrifying images after the other and he
The rest came home just when they were making dinner- or rather, Steve was making dinner and Tony was trying to help out by clumsily cutting vegetables with his one good hand. Everyone dumped themselves on the couches and chairs. Only Natasha and Bucky stopped to notice the fact that Tony wasn't eagerly leaning into Steve's space like he usually did.
Steve couldn't help the chuckle from escaping. Most people hated working, and Tony did too, only in a different way. He hated business meetings and files and neat desks. He loved to tinker in his lab, creating things he didn't need and no one else had even thought of making.
what makes you weak," Tony argued, eyes emotionless. Natasha knew that look. She herself used it more than she'd like to admit. And she knew exactly how
He didn't really want to go up there again, knowing it was rude to stick his nose into someone else's personal business. But the thought of that sweet boy being mistreated up there while Steve could've stopped it- the thought didn't let him go.
"Great," Happy mumbled before closing the black-tainted window separating the two compartments. Once it was closed, a small smile appeared on his face. "Oh Tony," he mumbled softly. "You better hold onto this one,"
"I'm sorry, mi dispiace, I'm sorry," Tony cried, rocking back and forth as he hugged his knees closer.
Tony raised his head from Clint's shoulder to look him in the eye, searching for any dishonesty. Clint kept his gaze open and honest, wanting the genius to get is through his thick scull that there were people in his life who actually cared about him.
Tony sucked in a breath, wrapping an arm around Steve's waist as the soldier pulled him closer to his side.
. His eyes burned, and he clenched his fists to keep from crying, blinking hard. He could hear Tony's small voice with his usual accent back in place, but couldn't hear what he was saying past the rushing of blood in his ears. He'd made Tony cry. Tony, who had been nothing but nice to him since the day they'd met. And he'd made him
"Okay Tony, we won't get angry. Right, doctor?" Steve gave the doctor a stern look, or as stern as an 18-year-old could manage against a grown man, but the doctor complied.
"Oh, Tony," he mumbled as he walked over to his friend, giving him no chance to walk away as he put his arm on Tony's back, the other hand cupping the back of the genius's head. Tony could do nothing but let his head drop against Steve's chest, sighing in defeat.
"It don't matter now, your English will improve along the way. Hill, would you be so kind as to fetch Coulson to take the kid to his dorm?"
"Oh, Tony, we can't choose who we love," Steve sighed. "A boy can indeed like another boy, so can girls, but it's less common."
In Tony's bedroom, the friends were quiet. But the arguing from the living room must've reached Tony's ears because he shifted uneasily, opening his eyes widely in a way that made him look young, scared, and vulnerable. In the short period of time he'd been around his new group of friends, he already had them all wrapped around his finger, and it pained them all to see him so uncharacteristically held back, his big, beautiful eyes lacking their usual spark of amazement at the world. Now, he just looked scared.
. He didn't think he could ever face his friend again, not after what he'd done. He heard a knocking on his stall.
He blinked. Blinked again. Shook his head. He smiled back at Tony, pushing down the funny feeling in his stomach. Maybe he'd eaten something wrong today.
I honestly had no idea where to go with this fic and if I even wanted to continue this at all, but after receiving a lot of comments of people saying they wanted more, I got motivated, so consider this short chapter my thanks to all of you who commented, gave kudos or even just read this story.
Steve," Tony sneered through gritted teeth, his whole body tense. He and Steve had been having this argument for a while now, and Tony was tired. They'd just wrapped up a mission which had barely gone right, and Tony didn't have the energy for this. "Tell me, you wouldn't have done the same in my shoes."
Peter was so amazed by everything he saw and all that Tony told him, he'd completely forgotten about what had happened before. It wasn't until he looked up to ask for something that he noticed how tired Tony really was. He was leaning on the table, a half-finished project lying forgotten in front of him. One hand was rubbing at his eyes while the other was gripping the table so hard his knuckles were white.
"I know, you're right," Peggy sighed. "But he's been through so much as it is, I don't want him to feel unsafe even in school."
To Steve's concern, that barely got a smile out of Tony. Steve then decided that it had been enough.
"Yes, sir," the AI answered. Steve nodded, assuming there would be a camera around here somewhere. "Shall I call them for you, sir?" FRIDAY asked. Steve pondered over the question for a while before deciding;
Tony was sitting up in bed, hooked to several machines and supported by some pillows in his back. A bit of his hair was missing, showing a stitched wound on his head. Steve avoided looking at it in fear of getting sick. Tony looked up when they walked in, his brown eyes curious but without any of the warmth and recognition he usually had.
"No talking with your mouth full, young sir," she said fake-angry, but she couldn't quite help the smile forming around her lips.
"Hi," Steve greeted back hastily. "Look, I'm very sorry to intrude like this, but I'm getting a bit concerned. I'm hearing a lot of noise from my apartment and I'm just wondering if everything's okay here?" He ended it like a question, hoping Tony got the message he was trying to convey.
"I'm pathetic," Tony murmured, and Steve almost flinched at the hate and defeat in Tony's voice. "A little flu and suddenly my hands are shaking, my head hurt too much to think, my breathing is heavy, and I can't stay upright for more than a few minutes before my knees buckle."
"Tony." He licked his lips, unsure of how to start. "Tony, I need you to be honest with me, okay? Really honest. If there's questions you don't want to answer then that's fine, but we need to talk about this, okay?" At Tony's nod, he took another deep breath.
After tucking his youngest friend in bed, he walked back to the living room, seeing the rest of the group already gathered there. He took a deep breath before taking a seat to face all of them.
Peter quickly kissed his aunt goodbye before stepping into the car that was waiting for him outside their apartment.
"It made you so unique, you know? Instead of just like all these other posers. Also... I felt like we had something in common." At Tony's questioning look, Peter rushed to elaborate. "Well, you're an outsider. And because I'm kinda small, bad at sports, don't have parents
. She didn't want him to end up like her, closed off from the people around him, never letting others know how he was feeling. She didn't want to crush that innocence and in doing so, she realized hers hadn't been crushed yet, either. So as she held her young friend close, she let her maternal instincts kick in, and didn't hold them back. Tony didn't deserve that and frankly, neither did she.
"Okay. Goodnight, Steve," Tony said, desperately hiding his disappointment as Steve left. He eyed the big bed wearily before climbing in, hating the way it seemed too big and cold for him to occupy all alone. Regardless, he soon gave in to his exhaustion and fell into a restless sleep.
At the end of class, they knew a bit more about each other and Peter knew at least a dozen new Spanish words. With a promise to see each other again sometime, they parted ways. Tony managed to find his way to history before the bell rang, and was happy to see Steve again.
"Every time," the billionaire murmured, taking the web shooter from Peter's wrist and laying it down gently on the workbench. "What is it this time?"
"I'm sorry," he muttered softly, regret evident in his voice. Steve was quick to shush him, rubbing a hand up and down his arm in a soothing manner. He subtly shot Nat a grateful look.
It was only when Steve did, too, that he noticed the big, ugly scar running over the young boy's chest, still red and painful. He and the doctor spoke in hushed tones about it so Steve couldn't hear what they were saying. He retreated into his own thoughts.
"I take it these didn't happen in a fight such as the one that caused the broken wrist?" He asked, though it wasn't exactly phrased a question. Steve's face was confirmation enough.
"I don't know how much Tony wants me to tell you, but I feel like you guys shouldn't be kept in the dark about this," he started, feeling the tension rise at his words. "Tony was assaulted in the hallway, although I think you guys know that already. I took him to the hospital, where we made some... disturbing discoveries."
"He broke his wrist, so he'll have his arm in a cast for the time being," he reported, rubbing his arm up and down Tony's arms soothingly. Tony still remained oddly silent but seemed relaxed as he leaned into Steve's warmth. "I think I'm going to stay home with him for a day, just to make sure he'll be okay. He had a slight head wound, too, and I don't feel comfortable sending him to school tomorrow." Bruce nodded in approval, ruffling Tony's hair affectionately before getting up. The others were standing awkwardly by the doorway, but Bruce whisked them away.
"I- I just wanted to say... I'm sorry." Steve seemed to fully deflate. Something in Tony's iron gaze softened, though he tried not to let it show. "I realize what I said was wrong, Tony. You are an Avenger just as much as I am. I had no right to tell you otherwise. I'm sorry I snapped."
"Well, you get this really nice feeling whenever you look at them or even think of them," Steve explained with a soft smile. "You feel what they call butterflies in your stomach. It's a funny feeling you get that lets you know you're in love with them. They make you happy, give you a warm feeling. They just make you feel great."
"Goodnight, sir," Tony called back politely. Steve was about to correct him to call him Steve, but Tony had already closed the door.
Tony looked up from his phone and at the animal shelter before looking back down, repeating the action several times before deciding this must be it. It didn't look like much, barely standing out from the other buildings in the street. It looked cozy, but also like it hadn't changed since the forties, looking old-fashioned. When he opened the door, he was surprised to hear a cheery bell ring above his head.
Tony started, and the fact that he hadn't made the obvious sarcastic retort that everyone was expecting immediately put Peter on edge. Apparently, Steve had noticed it too.
"Let's go," he said before grabbing his shoulders and quickly pushing him towards the stairs. Once downstairs the billionaire closed the doors, clapped in his hands and spread his arms.
"Did I speak Spanish?" He retorted, but it didn't come out quite the way he'd wished. "Look, I told you it was stupid, I'm just overreacting."
Also, I am not giving up on this fic, don't worry. I've been sick for 2/3 weeks, and now that it's finally vacation I'm still busy, but I decided to give you all this small chapter cuz I really didn't want to leave you hanging. It probably has a lot of mistakes but it's late and I wanna go to bed, so I hope it's not too bad.
"Hey, Tony," Steve said softly, crouching down next to Tony's chair and putting a hand on his knee. "What's wrong, baby?"
"Come on, girl," he called softly. "I'm going to take you to the vet now, see what's wrong with you." He felt another spike of panic when Ana didn't respond, quickly deflating when she got up, trotting towards him with her head hung low. He re-evaluated the option of using the vest, especially when he was this trigger-sensitive. Deciding it was better to play it safe he grabbed the vest from its position by the coat rack, quickly and skillfully pulling it on. He put on his coat before rushing out the door.
I once uploaded the wrong thing here and I completely forgot to finish the new thing I was writing. I realized this story wasn't even finished yet so here I am, legit 2 years later, updating one of the first stories I've ever posted here. It's a bit short but I struggled with this the first time and now I don't really remember my plans for it tbh.
"I see you've met Steve," she nodded towards her star pupil, who looked up from his frantic writing about the second world war to smile at her.
Tony put his cup down on the counter with a little more force than he himself had intended, making Peter stop dead in his tracks. Were they fighting?
"How so?" He asked, his voice higher than he had intended, the sick feeling in his stomach increasing.
He jumped at the feeling of slender fingers on his shoulder, turning to see Natasha watching the boys disappearing in the distance. He sighed. "You probably already know what happened, don't you?" It wasn't a question, not really. Natasha could find anything out if she really wanted to. And if it in any way, shape or form concerned her Tony, she wanted to.
"But no one listen to me," Tony said softly. "Mama is- was sad, and I no bother her. Jarvis e Ana have other thing to do. Padre say I overact," he said sadly.
"What, you don't know?" Steve mocked. "This is basic stuff, little kids learn this. Are you so dumb you can't even get that?"
The building exploding cut him off. Even from this big of a distance away, Peter could feel the heat wash over him like a sunlight after the rain. A big mushroom-cloud filled the sky, ash and dust raining down. Peter didn't hesitate a second. He fired his new web shooters, slinging away faster than he ever had before.
"What is it?" He asked softly. The silence that followed made Steve doubt he would get a reply, but Tony eventually took a deep breath and opened his mouth to speak. The response that came out, however, was too soft and too jumbled together for even Steve's enhanced hearing to understand. "What?" He couldn't help but blurt out. Tony rolled his eyes but spoke a bit louder when he tried again.
I'm not entirely sure about the ending but I really wanted to get something out there. Also, most of this was written on my phone and not beta-read so sorry for any mistakes.
he told the empty room, determination steeling his voice. He marched over to his room, shut the door, and, after a brief moment of hesitation, twisted the lock. He fished his laptop out of his bag and set down behind his desk. In the search bar, he typed:
When the kitchen came into view, he saw the captain leaning against the counter talking to a rather ruffled Tony Stark, who was quickly downing a cup of coffee.
Tony felt his eyes droop, exhaustion pulling him back under. He barely registered a soft kiss on his messy curls before he drifted off.
"I- I'm sorry," he stuttered after some time, moving to stand up, trying to ignore the lump in his throat and the tears burning behind his eyes. "I no mean that, I- I will go..."
"Nope," he said, popping the p. "No can do. You see, I have a kid coming over-" he paused for a moment, then pointed to where Peter was glancing around the corner. "I have a kid waiting there and I promised him we'd go in the main lab for once. And when I promise something, I, for one, actually do it. Suck it, Howard."
I'm sorry for any errors in grammar in this or the previous chapters, I'm not English... I hope you enjoy this new chapter!
"Antonio's kinda long, doncha think?" Bucky said softly. The small kid looked up at his voice but quickly ducked his head back down. "'s there anythin' shorter?" Bucky asked. When the boy just looked confused, Bucky pointed to himself. "Buchanan, Bucky. Antonio...?"
"'tis true, my friend." Thor boomed, although he boomed it softer this time. "Do you wish to join us in our game?"
JARVIS stilled for a moment. Then, the light beside the door blinked green. Steve smirked, giving a quick thanks to JARVIS before pushing open the door and stepping in. The workshop was a mess, but that wasn't anything new. Tony was a mess, too, but again; Steve expected that. What he hadn't expected was to find Tony hunched over his desk, his head buried underneath his arms as he tugged at his hair.
"I think the poor kid might need a day or two," Bucky said, casting a look at the young boy's closed door. Steve lowered his head, his plate full of untouched food. "Have you talked to him yet?"
They stayed like that for a couple minutes, no one saying anything, Peter almost afraid to breathe. Steve wanted to do a victory dance, because Tony was actually relaxed in a hug. After a few more moments, Steve felt Tony move in his arms, so he pulled back, keeping a hand on the billionaire's shoulder.
Bucky nodded, writing some things down before sticking the note in his pocket. The (also old-fashioned) bell jingled, signaling the entrance of their first customer of the day.
when they reach their destination. However, once the boy was out of the car and racing towards the entrance, Happy finds the silence rather uncomfortable. He realized that he really missed the kid when he wasn't here, chatting his brains out. The teenager seemed to be able to wriggle himself into everyone's lives with his sweet smile and doe eyes. Happy groaned, dropping his head against the steering wheel.
"I'm here, Tony," Steve continued to talk to him to help him stay awake. "I'm right here and I'm not going to leave, alright? I'll stay with you the whole time, I promise. You're getting out of this alive. We all are, got that? All of us,"
, quickly racing after him. When he reached the top it took everything in him not to fall back down again. On the ground was the armor. Or, rather what was left of it. It was torn to shreds, the helmet was completely gone and the suit was barely wrapping around the arms and legs. The back seemed to still hold, but the front was merely a few strings of armor.
"Okay," he whispered. Steve took a deep breath, blinked away distant tears and thanked the doctor before marching out, Tony hot on his heels.
"...so I thought we could have a look at it together to fix it and maybe even give it an upgrade-" he stilled as he looked around. The bots beeped at him happily in greeting, but Mr. Stark wasn't there. "Mr. Stark?" he called out, putting down the web shooter he'd been holding onto one of the workbenches. "Mr. Stark, are you here?"
"Pretty dumb is putting it a bit lightly, I think," he said, avoiding her gaze. "I'm not sure I can ever face him again."
"Can I sit here?" He asked politely. Loki looked a bit shocked but nodded nonetheless, and Tony sat down with a happy smile. A look of hurt flashed over Steve's face, but it was quickly wiped away as he took his seat. Dinner was as noisy as always, but Steve couldn't help looking at Tony all throughout. Tony didn't even notice, too busy talking animatedly to Loki, his hands flailing about as he talked. Loki seemed happy to listen, although when he said something, Tony laughed. Steve clenched his fists. It should be
"It's okay," he whispered in Tony's ear, repeating it softly until Tony had recollected himself. He sat up a bit, slowly, and moved to lean into Steve's side instead. He relaxed with a sigh, eyes sliding closed. He knew he'd probably be out cold 30 minutes into the 'movie night'. But honestly, he was too tired to even be sorry for that.
Inside the room, Tony released the breath he'd been holding. He turned back to his laptop, clicking on the audio once again.
"He's already been checked out by our school's doctor, it's a clean break and just needs a cast," Steve said in further explanation. The woman nodded and typed something in her computer.
"O-okay," he agreed. "I'm- I'm Peter. I'm 16 years old, I live in Queens with my aunt and I'm your... mentee." Tony raised an eyebrow. "What?"
As soon as the elevator doors opened up again, he walked down the hall to Tony's door, only hesitating for a second before knocking again. The voices in the room fell silent, soft footsteps padding to the door. Tony appeared again, looking somehow even more exhausted than he had before. His eyes widened at the sight of Steve.
"Whatever it takes to make amends, Tony." Tony blinked back up at him through his long lashes, nodding softly. Clint clapped in his hands, breaking the intimate atmosphere.
"What's changed, Tony, is the fact that you now have a hunk of metal in your chest. That you have a decreased lung capacity and an affected immune system. What's changed, is that the weight of the world seems to rest on your shoulders, and you insist on carrying it alone. But Tony, you don't have to. I'm here for you, the team's here for you. I'd be happy to share the weight. Just tell me what I can do."
Steve felt all the color drain from his face and he felt sick as realization dawned upon him. Tony had never told them why he'd moved out of Italy, especially if he didn't know the language. Which was weird on its own because he'd told them his father was an American. He never talked much about his mom and he barely said a word about his dad. He'd sometimes mention the Jarvis couple and suddenly fall silent. He refused to be handed things. He was constantly scared he'd done something wrong. He was clingy when with the people he trusted and flinched when someone he didn't came too close. How he'd always wear long sleeved, slightly oversized sweaters.
Peter was practically buzzing with excitement as he shut off his alarm clock and got dressed. This weekend wasn't that much different than other weekends, but weekends were always special for the young Parker.
"Why is this so cute?" Peter squeaked to the archer close to him as they watched the pair. Clint groaned.
, just different. You with me so far?" Tony nodded. "And the people on the boats... they love each other very much. Maybe not more than their best friends, but different, like Bruce and Nat."
was that lab a true dream come true. He'd actually pouted when Steve had told him he couldn't work yet, doctor's orders. But it was getting late and Tony was getting pretty tired despite the nap he'd taken earlier.
!" Peter said slowly with over-dramatic gestures, not understanding how she was so calm about it. "I'm going to a
"Your bags are in your room, that's where ours were, too. Your room is the second door down the hall." He pointed at the only closed door. "My room is right across from yours," he said, pointing to his own door.
"It's okay," Tony said after a while, his voice soft. He was avoiding Steve's gaze, fidgeting with his fingers. "I shouldn't have done what I did, and I'm sorry. I'll try to do better next time."
But Tony was already out the door and started to run, uncaring of where he was going, just needing to get away as fast as possible. Tears silently fell down his cheeks and his chest burned with the effort to keep in his sobs. He raced down the hall and out the door, running to the other side of the field to a tall tree and hiding behind it. Curling in on himself, he finally let the sobs escape him. Tears fell in waterfalls down his cheeks. He was shaking.
"I stopped him," Natasha assured him. "You're lucky I was there. The kid's resourceful, I have no doubt he would've gotten out of here if I hadn't changed his mind."
"Mr. Parker, if you don't mind I would like to start, now." Their Spanish teacher called from the front of the class. Peter's mouth clicked shut and the teacher started class. He explained what Peter had told Tony before; their class was a mix of different years to create one big group instead of several small ones. Then he explained their assignment.
"You cryin'?" He croaked out. Steve laughed, more out of relief than anything else as tears still made their way down his dirty cheeks. Tony sighed, closing his eyes as a single tear slipped from the corner of his eye.
"Well, someone's excited," May walked in in her pyjamas, a morning gown wrapped around her. When Peter finally managed to put his shoe on, he turned to look at her, smiling past the apple still stuck in his mouth. Nodding eagerly, he put his foot on the side of the table to tie his laces.
"Right," Tony nodded, looking at his feet. "Well, I should really go back inside. Really, I wish I could help you out with your strange noises, but I didn't hear anything. I guess it must've just been the wind." He smiled. Steve smiled back, knowing better than to pry.
"On the off-chance Steve will let me stay, I guess it couldn't hurt to stick around. Someone needs to keep
"Oh, come here," Steve chuckled, pulling Tony up and holding him close as the exhausted man cried out his remaining energy. At some point, he seemed to be too tired to cry anymore, and he completely deflated in Steve's arms. Steve pretty much carried him upstairs and to their bedroom, helping him get changed and getting him comfortable in bed. He pulled him close under the covers, and soon enough, Tony was passed out on his chest, breathing softly with a hand still fisting Steve's shirt. It was still way too early to sleep, but Steve decided he wouldn't mind just holding his boyfriend for now. So, he kissed the sleeping man's soft curls, turned off the lights and settled back, wondering how in the world this was his life.
Tony nodded, looking back down at his hands. Steve pulled him in for a hug, relaxing when he felt Tony lean into him.
"Okay, that's quite enough of that," Clint said after only a few seconds, pulling the two apart. "I'm still mad at you, Rogers. You have to earn Tony Time."
Yeah, that was probably it. There was definitely no other reason for his stomach to flip like that whenever Tony smiled. Just bad food.
"Anyways," Tony continued once he was positioned comfortably. "They pumped me full of drugs, so I'm practically useless and thinking takes ten times as long."
Luckily it's finally here, and I'm very sad but also excited to announce that this is the final chapter! I've had so much fun writing this and reading everyone's comments. I have a lot of ideas that I'm going to be writing on this account, like a small story I've started on Wattpad. (Sneak peek: It's about a different ending of infinity war, featuring an alternate universe, Peter ending up in a high school with the Avengers and a heckka lot of teenage Stony)
He took a deep breath before walking in and sitting down next to the girl sitting alone. She didn't look up, for which he was grateful. He was just giving himself a mental pep talk (which wasn't going so swell) when a tap on his shoulder had him turn around.
"Tell him what?" Steve asked in return. "I don't even know what to call... Whatever it is Tony and I have, let alone explaining it to a 15-year-old. No, I think Tony and I have to figure out what we are before letting the kid know,"
Steve watched him enter the classroom, watching him hesitantly sit down next to another boy. Then the bell rang and he remembered he should be across campus right now and sprinted off.
"Steve?" Tony repeated, brow furrowing in concentration as he looked Steve up and down. "Steve..." he mulled the name over. "That sounds familiar. Are we- are we friends?"
In homeroom, he sat alone. He didn't want to spend this period in the same tense silence as breakfast. He avoided his friends' questioning gazes, focusing instead on some notes he'd made for his science class, not caring that he was already way too far ahead. Thankfully, everyone let him be. After homeroom ended, he made a beeline for his next class, quickly sitting down in his usual seat. Peter arrived not much later. Seeing the other boy's face light up, Tony couldn't help but offer a little smile in return. That kid's enthusiasm was infectious.
did school suck. Besides, this was a boarding school. Which meant he wasn't going to be allowed to go back home until next break. Oh, and dorms. That too.
"Don't worry about it, I just want to make sure you're alright. I'm Steve, by the way," he said, extending his hand for Tony to shake. Tony looked at him with big, confused eyes, caught slightly off-guard at the sudden topic change. "We didn't get to introduce ourselves last time," he shrugged in explanation. Tony shook his hand.
Steve hastily parked his car in front of the hospital, his heart beating in his throat. He rushed inside the all too familiar building, skipping the front desk and racing up the stairs to the room he knew he needed to be.
okay.." he said softly. Clint furrowed his brows and crouched down in front of him, lifting his chin until Peter's eyes went from his shoes to meet the archer's eyes.
The weeks that followed were uneventful. Tony went back to school, and although he stayed away from Steve for a little bit, he gradually relaxed back into his presence, making jokes and laughing the way he used to. Steve and Tony were still closest, but Tony had made an unexpected bond with Loki. The two could often be found in the library, reading books of myths and languages Steve didn't even try to figure out. Tony and Peter could also be found together quite often, studying together or just joking around. Of course, he and Bruce could be found in the labs any moment they could. Steve was happy to see Tony bond with so many people, finding his own place in their makeshift family.
). Eventually, he'd grown tired and they left. He tried not to show how much that upset him. The doctor told him that if he got some rest, he could be discharged by the next morning, under strict orders to take it easy.
" he said softly. It sounded like he was praising his dog, but Bucky wasn't exactly an expert in Italian. The man dislodged himself from Bucky's hold, ears turning red in embarrassment. "Sorry about that," he said softly, avoiding their eyes.
"No, you're not. The fact that you think you are is exactly what worried me. We're going home now, but we
Steve plopped down in his seat next to Sam Wilson on the first day of another year in high school. He knew he should feel grateful for the opportunity of education, but
"He's my unofficial nephew. His father and I were friends for a long time," she explained. "Steve, do you mind helping Tonio out with this? He knows of the second world war, but, as you may have noticed, he is not very good at English yet."
"How can you come in here every day with a smile like that?" A voice from behind him mumbled. "Are you ever not in a good mood?"
Peter bit his lip as he watched Steve attempt to calm a panicking Tony down. He'd run towards Steve's class as soon as Tony had disappeared out of the classroom with tears in his eyes. His stomach churned in guilt. Why had he said that? Of course, he hadn't meant it the way Tony had interpreted it, but he could have said it a little better. Tony was trying to fit in, and he'd just told him that he sounded
"Hey, hey, that's okay, Tony. Let's just go outside, yeah? It's still warm out and it's calmer there."
"Oh, so I make the team unstable. Is that it?" Tony sneered, trying to hide the hurt blooming in his chest. He thought Steve would be different.
"Which isn't healthy, Tony. You need to rest and take care of yourself every once in a while. Take a break,"
"W- because, because you- and I-" Hands flailing about, Peter tried to convey just how much Tony should be yelling at him right now, but the words wouldn't come. He sighed, eyes stinging with fresh tears as they leaked slowly down his cheeks. "Because I hurt you," he whispered, the lump in his throat almost painful. In response, Tony only hugged him again.
Tony smiled softly, breathing a soft sigh of relief before he followed Steve to a separate room. Bucky stayed behind, watching them go, shaking his head.
"Um, well, I think my dog is sick. She's been acting strange since this morning, and she refused to eat..." he trailed off when he found his breathing pick up, suddenly becoming hyper-aware of the fact that there was something
talk about this," Steve insisted, keeping his voice steady despite the lump in his throat. Tony looked down, his hand slipping from Steve's arm.
She quietly put her book down and left the room, walking up the stairs to make sure Peter wouldn't think to eavesdrop and pulled out her phone. It didn't take long for the person on the other side to pick up.
"And who decides that?" Peter asked, getting excited. He wasn't really used to video games anyway- they didn't have the money for that.
"Help, a super soldier is trying to kill me!" He yelled, wriggling in Steve's grip, which accomplished nothing except for Steve tightening his grip again. After a moment, Tony gave in.
"Kid, he's not gay!" Tony exclaimed, copying his captain's tone. "He just likes boys, that doesn't mean he's- wait a minute!" He turned around to Steve, gasping dramatically. "You're
Peggy knocked on the door, which was quickly opened, showing a small, middle-aged man with a kind smile.
As I noted at the beginning of this chapter, I'm going to be writing a lot more here. If you have any ideas I can (try to) write, make sure to tell me!
tired this way," Tony blinked open a heavy eye, smiling tiredly at the awkward teenager. "Hey, kid,"
Please do let me know if you're here reading this, cuz I'd feel kinda silly if there was just,, no one here. So say hi, lemme know how you're doing, how's life, do you still hate me, did you like this chapter, i wanna hear it all. I'm desperate for friends.
"I'm going to touch you now, okay?" Steve let him know, not wanting him to be scared as he gently reached out and took Tony's shaking hand. He gently put it on his own chest, just over his heart. "Just copy my breathing, okay? Just focus on that."
Steve sighed, not knowing what to say to that. Clint cleared his throat, standing up from the couch and laying a hand on Peter's shoulder to guide him out. Peter didn't protest, shooting one last worried glance towards his mentor before walking away with Clint, leaving the room in silence once more. Steve felt like punching a wall because he knew what happened when Tony spoke like that. He became impassive, hiding behind his masks. Steve didn't like it when Tony did that, he liked him when he was his happy, energetic self. Tony had said that thinking took ten times as long, but saying 'I've had worse' had come out immediately- indicating he was used to saying it. Breaking the silence, Nat spoke up.
"Well, I gotta be honest with you. When you walked in, I genuinely thought you were my son." He deadpanned. Peter almost choked on his next breath, his eyes widening in shock.
"Na-ah," she said with a stern look. "Just because you've been sleeping 'till the afternoon, doesn't mean you get to skip breakfast." She told the pouting teenager.
Before he entered, Steve decided to see what was happening inside, and what he saw melted his heart.
"Are you a first-year? Cuz I am. It's kinda weird because I'm in a class with, like sophomores and juniors because the Spanish class was so small in each year they actually had to blend it together-- which, of course, you knew already because you're in this class, too. I'm sorry, I'm rambling. I do that sometimes. Aunt May calls it a word-vomit, but I think that sounds gross so I don't call it that. I'm Peter, by the way. What's your name?"
"I am dr. Erskine," the German man told him kindly. "Am I allowed to look at your arm, Tony?" Tony nodded and held out his left arm, allowing the doctor to gently take it in his hands. "Now, how has this happened?" He asked. Tony looked away, unwilling to answer the question.
Peter furrowed his brows but didn't question it as he stepped back into the elevator. Surely Mr. Stark was aware that he was here, right? FRIDAY closed the elevator doors and soon Peter felt the box going up. It wasn't long before the doors opened again, allowing the teenager to step out. He didn't get much farther than that, however, as an unexpected sound made him freeze.
"Hey, has anyone seen Tony yet?" Bruce asked the next morning when he walked into the living room. Everyone shook their heads and Bruce frowned. "Is he not coming to school today?"
"Tony, your accent doesn't make you dumb. You haven't been speaking English for too long, things like these take time."
Peter's voice shook May out of her thoughts. It took her a few seconds to process what he'd said, but once it did, she stopped the racing boy by the collar.
His brother, Loki, was an even bigger mystery. He had an accent like his brother, but he was quiet, slim and basically the exact opposite of his sibling. Where Thor was big and loud, Loki was slim and quiet. And where Thor was happy and outgoing, Loki seemed mostly irritated and secretive. The only thing besides the accent that they had in common was the fact that Steve knew they were both good people, even if Loki didn't want anyone else to see.
"School," He looked around, eyes landing on Steve. "Cap," Steve looked up, faking nervousness as he pretended to wipe his sweaty palms on his jeans, earning a slap on his arm from Tony.
"Don't you dare," she scowled, grabbing him by the collar and pushing his back against the wall. "Don't you
Natasha sighed, letting go of the blond's collar. "I know you are." She said softly. "I'm just not sure Tony does."
"Tony, look at me," he said softly. Tony's chocolate eyes met his, the boy's shoulders hunched and trying to make himself as small as possible. "I'm not mad at you, Tony. I swear, nothing between us has to change. I wouldn't want this to get in the way of our friendship, Tony. And just because I don't love you in the same way you love me, doesn't mean we can't love each other at all. It's alright if you want to take some time to figure out your feelings, Tony, and I will too. But you can come to me anytime, okay? Promise me you will?"
"Aye aye, Captain," Tony said with a smile of his own. But Peter had a big grin on his lips as he was practically bouncing on his spot. Steve couldn't help but chuckle at the kid's antics.
"What is it, Tony?" He asked with a smile and patience that even surprised himself. Tony looked at him, brown eyes clearer than they'd been in days.
"Sorry," Steve apologized softly to Peter, who had just been staring at them. "He's on meds, doctor's orders, so he's a bit less active than usual." Peter shook his head.
"Hello, friend Rogers!" Thor boomed happily. Tony flinched slightly at the sound but didn't seem too scared. "Who is the little friend you have brought with?"
Peter watched the robot roll away again, wondering how the hell Mr. Stark had understood what the one-armed piece of metal had said.
"Okay. But no get angry," he said softly. Steve was confused as to what he meant but was mostly happy that Tony was willing to cooperate.
"Not for long. Hey, Betty," Bruce called. The girl finally looked up. When she saw Bruce, she quickly straightened her hair and clothes.
"Well, it seems I have good tastes," Tony grinned cheekily, causing Steve to give a full laugh, relief at seeing that Tony was going to be okay making him slightly giddy.
"The person who flipped the card-" he held up the stack of cards- "with a category to choose from. Of course, they can first consult with the rest before making their decision."
"We don't have history right now," Steve grumbled. As he'd predicted, the weird feeling in his stomach was back. He didn't want it there. He didn't want
Peter looked up in surprise, fresh tears lingering in his eyes before they lowered to Tony's outstretched hand. He carefully put his own, soft hand in Tony's scarred and calloused one. Tony gave him a blinding smile, absently rubbing his thumb in soothing circles over the back of Peter's hand.
"It means I get angry sometimes, and I do things I normally wouldn't do. I yell sometimes or break things."
"Tony, that's way too much," he said softly, running his hands soothingly through Tony's hair in the way he knew the billionaire liked. "I think the stress is getting a bit too much for you, Tony. Your body can't take it all."
I can't promise regular updates, and since I've been sick for a long time I'm going to have to work really hard when I go back to school, but I'll see what I can do. For now, enjoy this little chapter!
. Nat shook her head at his silence before walking away with large strides to follow Tony, the crowd of kids quickly stepping out of her way as she passed. Steve looked around at the people staring at him in the hallway. He turned and ran towards the nearest bathroom, falling on his knees in an empty stall before breaking down in tears.
"Perfect, thanks," Tony answered with a smile. "Steve, we're downstairs. Don't break another extinguisher if you can, alright?" He told the blonde man who was seated on another couch, dropping the newspaper on his head as he walked past.
Tony nodded, opening his bag and pulling out a bag of moldy sandwiches. Steve scrunched up his nose.
"Would it be okay if I called you Tony?" Steve asked, as to make sure he wasn't overstepping any boundaries.
But he said none of that out loud, smiling instead as he grabbed the mechanic's hands to stop them from fiddling.
Bruce looked over to where Tony was still setting down the plates, softly humming to himself and looking completely fine.
With that she got up and slipped out of the room, leaving Steve alone with his thoughts once again. Steve just stared at his hands for a while, mulling over Natasha's words. She was right, as always. He should talk to Tony, tell him he wasn't mad, nothing would change between them, comfort him-
Several people stood outside Tony's room, mostly doctors and medical people. He spotted May Parker with a tear-stricken Peter waiting outside the closed door. May spotted him, waving him over with a sad smile.
"Love... love is difficult, Tony." He said eventually. "Love comes in many forms. Like the way I love my friends, which is different from the way I love my mother. And I'm pretty sure you've noticed how Bruce loves Natasha a little different from how he loves me or you. Doesn't mean he loves her
"Oh, that's okay," Steve quickly interrupting, not wanting the boy to feel bad. "It was just one floor up anyway."
"Stop right there," she stopped the boys trying to run away. "You three, I will see you in the principal's office in fifteen minutes. Steve, help me get Tonio to the infirmary, please."
I've decided to make Bruce/Natasha become a little thing on the side, though it's not mentioned too much. Also, some Loki appreciation because I miss him and I think he and Tony deserved more.
"Howard- my dad say he-he throw me out if I not smart," he whispered. "He say my brain is only reason he keep me around."
Peter happily greeted FRIDAY as he entered the building, stepping into the elevator. FRIDAY welcomed him kindly, asking politely about his day.
"Clint, please calm down," Steve interrupted his string of questions. "Sit down, Tony. We'll explain the game."
for it... He was scared of people judging him. One of the first things Natasha had noticed about Tony was the fact that he did
Cap drew a card, sports, for Clint. Clint drew one for Tony about animals ("Never have I ever kicked an animal" "Clint, no.") and Tony had one for Nat, who, on her turn had one for Peter.
Steve sighed. School hadn't even started yet and he was already longing for the next summer vacation.
When dinner was ready and everyone was seated somewhat around the dinner table (everyone had dinner in this dorm instead of in their own rooms), Tony abandoned his usual spot next to Steve, instead opting to sit down further away.
"Right, so I'm a liability?" Tony scoffed, stubbornly ignoring the way his eyes burned. "What are you gonna do, kick me off the team?"
"This mean we no friends no more?" Tony asked softly, voice breaking as a single tear managed to break free, sliding down his cheek.
"Mio padre is Americano, and I not like him lots. He no learn Italian, I no learn English." He shrugged. Bucky chuckled.
Peter was standing in the middle of the lab, facing the wall with his back towards Steve and his right arm outstretched. Tony was standing behind him, pointing at something Steve couldn't yet see. He had apparently been talking to Peter because the teenager nodded and Tony stepped away. Peter took a deep breath, followed by a small movement of his outstretched arm and the target that he had apparently been aiming for falling on the ground. Peter and Tony apparently weren't satisfied as they both nodded without saying a word, Peter taking something off his wrist and handing it to Tony who put it on the workbench. They both bent down over it, examining it. They talked softly to each other and both fiddled with it, working perfectly together.
"No, Tony. That's not what I mean," Steve said, stepping in closer before seemingly thinking better of it. "You saved lives today, Tony. And it was selfish of me to tell you that was wrong. And you're right, I would have done the same in your shoes. We all would. I just- I don't want to think about anything happening to you, and I was scared you were going to get hurt. But that comes with the job description, I suppose, and it wasn't fair of me to yell at you for it. If you would like, I would want you to stay on the team."
"But I can handle stress," Tony protested, couching weakly. "I've done it for years, Steve. What's changed now?"
"Alright, you can sit next to Bucky there, in the back." Ms. Hill pointed to where Bucky sat and gently nudged the boy in that direction. Steve's stomach sank. Bucky was a nice guy, an absolute marshmallow and fiercely loyal to his friends. He just didn't do very well with strangers.
Tony nodded weakly, his head rolling against Steve's suit, listening to the strong heartbeat. It was pulling him down and he wanted nothing more than to just drift off. Before he could, however, he was pulled back to reality, the physically painful reality by someone shaking his shoulder.
Tony was shocked, to say the least. He stared back at the teenager, searching for any insincerity but found none. He opened his mouth to stammer out some kind of response when the door flew open.
"What is?" Steve asked. Of course he knew what the super spy meant, he just wasn't sure he could fully admit it to himself yet. He didn't want to get his hopes up, because he was too afraid of being let down.
May thought back to just moments ago, to the way the teen's face had lit up like the sun over a simple
"Yes!" Steve yelled. "Tony, if the team doesn't know what reckless thing you're going to do next, we can't rely on you!"
"Okay, okay fine!" The mechanic managed to croak out. Immediately, Steve let go completely, causing Tony to stumble against the workbench, breathing heavily.
"No, no it's just-" Tony sighed again, leaning back in his chair. "It was about Howard. The comment? It was about him, wasn't really something I like to hear."
"No, Tony, wait!" Peter yelled after him, his own eyes wide and panicked. "I didn't mean it like that, it just came out wrong! Please, Tony, don't leave!"
"Molto impressionante," Nat, who spoke a couple of languages herself, translated for him. Tony blushed and ducked his head down.
"C'mon, buddy. You gotta breathe," he encouraged. Tony shook his head as he gasped, his hand clutching his shirt by his chest.
An idea sparked in his head, and he brightened up, racing down the hall and to the elevator before deciding the stairs were faster. Storming into his apartment, he grabbed his boombox from where it had been collecting dust in a corner. He knew exactly what song to play.
"Having had worse doesn't mean this can't hurt, too," she said softly, showing a gentle side of her only close friends got to see. "It's okay if you're in pain, Tony. It doesn't make you weak,"
"So, let's go, shall we?" Steve said, a satisfied smile on his face. Tony turned around just far enough to hit him with a screwdriver, mumbling something no one could understand.
"Alright, I suggest the youngest begins?" He states, looking over to Peter who nods in response, clapping in his hands like the excited kid he is. He immediately grabbed a card from the pile and flipped it. He snickered before reading it out loud.
"Yeah, everything's fine. I'm sorry we're keeping you up, we'll try to tone it down a bit," he apologized, but Steve waved his apology away.
"I'm afraid there isn't much I can do here. It's a clean break, so all that needs to be done is the cast. I'm afraid I am unable to do that with the limited resources I have at my disposal here. Is there any way he can let that be done at the near hospital?"
"He may be Bi," Tony's voice sounded from where it was hidden in Steve's neck, his words slightly slurred as sleep threatened to take over. "But I'm definitely gay."
"Um," Tony started fidgeting with the hem of his shirt as he avoided Steve's gaze. "No... no understand," he murmured.
"Look, kid," he started. "I know that this is a lot to take in right now, so much is happening at once. It's okay if you're not used to it all immediately."
"He wants you to play a game with them," Steve explained patiently. Tony bit his lip, looking at the group of friends and back to Steve.
Loki smiled sadly as the young boy in his arms quickly relaxed, his breathing evening out. He planted a soft kiss on his head, holding him for a moment longer before laying him back down on the bed. He pulled the covers up to his chin, stroking back the curls on Tony's forehead. When he'd heard the thrashing and soft cries from the other side of the wall, he hadn't hesitated to check up on him. He was glad he did because the boy was sweating, face scrunched up in pain and fear as he made little sounds of distress. Loki didn't consider himself to be a very touchy-feely guy; that was his brother. He didn't insinuate hugs (although he didn't fight his brother on it either), he didn't like the fake smiles supposed 'comforting words'. No, that just wasn't for him. But seeing the boy break down in gut-wrenching sobs had done something to his icy heart.
"Okay," he smiled. He didn't say anything else, but Bruce decided that was just a matter of time. Problem was that just patience wasn't Bruce's strongest suit.
"Tony, we'll always be friends, understand?" Steve pressed. "This will change nothing between us, I won't think of you any different because of it, okay?" Tony nodded, wiping away a stubborn tear that had managed to escape.
"Good morning, everyone," he said, and the whole table froze. Because that wasn't how Tony talked. That wasn't what Tony sounded like. Tony kneeled to pet Hulk, who wagged his giant tail lazily in response. "Hello, Hulk. Good morning to you too." Steve's breath hitched. Tony always spoke Italian to Hulk.
"I learn at home," he spoke softly, clearly overwhelmed by the large commotion that was the cafeteria. Which made sense if he was homeschooled.
"So you know I've been struggling with my anger issues lately, and the principal thought it might be smart to bring Hulk over!"
@Starker4Life has a book called 'The End Game', sadly not Stony but mainly SpideyChelle (Peter and Michelle). Pepperony is the ship with Tony, but it's not heavily implied.
walk away from him. Do you realize how selfish you're being? That boy is hurting because you decided to throw his worst insecurity in his face. Do you even realize how much he admires you? Do you have
Tony painfully turned on his back before allowing Steve to pull him into a sitting position, still cradling his broken wrist close to his aching chest. He bit his bottom lip and looked at Steve with tear-filled eyes.
I am so happy with all the kudos and comments you guys are leaving on this book, it's amazing! Thank you so much, it gives me the motivation to keep going with this story!
"Never Have I Ever is actually quite self-explanatory. Someone names a situation, for example: 'never have I ever driven drunk', or something like that. The rest of the participants say if they have or haven't. That's it, really. Not that hard,"
I can't believe how many people already like this book, I'm blown away! Thanks a lot for everyone reading, keep commenting and thanks for so many kudos already!
He dreamt of ice-cold water, even colder, dark eyes and slurred curses, broken bottles, and flashing cameras. He dreamt of pain, fear, and sorrow. He traveled from one nightmare into the other, witnessing horrifying memories that he'd so blissfully forgotten.
"Oh, I- uh, I was gonna go to friend," he said, fidgeting with his hands as he blushed. "I am not leaving anymore. Sorry, was stupid idea."
"Sassy, much," he mumbled before shaking his head and continue his route through the halls, Steve following closely behind. Peter stayed in the kitchen, trying very hard to be casual and ending up knocking over a coffee cup. "You too, Underage," Tony shouted back to the kitchen. Peter quickly straightened up from his leaning position against the counter, maybe a bit too fast and knocking over the cup again.
"Shh, I know. I know, Tony. You're not dumb," she said, repeating it quietly in his ear until he calmed down.
"Not funny, I think I'm really going to die in here," Tony warned, his voice stern but his face soft. "What's the point of hospitals if they leave you in there until you still die of boredom,"
"You betcha," Steve said, looking through some files. "We got two dogs and a cat that are being picked up today, the first one around 12 PM. That's the golden retriever with the broken leg."
"Hey, look," Steve said, stepping forward hesitantly. "It's not your fault, you've got nothing to apologize for." Tony sniffed and Steve resisted the urge to cup his cheeks and kiss that heartbroken look away. Tony looked up at them, his eyes taking them in.
"Steve, it's- it's cold," he croaked weakly. Steve gently wiped the tear away with his thumb, smiling down at the small-looking figure in his arms.
Thor and Loki were still in the living room. Thor gently but firmly held his brother's shoulders, speaking to him softly.
After everyone had finished unpacking they settled in the living room. Natasha, Bruce, Sam, and Clint had come over as well and Thor had managed to drag Loki from his room, and they played another round of Crazy Eights (mostly because Tony really liked it and no one could say no to him) before settling in front of the tv for a Disney movie (Tony hadn't seen the Lion King before and that just wouldn't do). Bruce eventually got up to make dinner for all of them and soon the smell of lasagna filled the shared space. Tony immediately perked up at the smell.
He watched as Tony walked out, posture tense and chin up. But once he entered his own room, his shoulders slumped, his entire composure collapsing and showing a tired, vulnerable man who'd just had his biggest insecurity thrown in his face by someone he trusted more than anyone else. Clint felt the sympathy rise in his chest at the poor sight the billionaire made, curled into himself with this back against the bed, staring at the framed photograph of him and Steve, gazing in each other's eyes and looking completely in love.
"I'm here," Steve replied with tears in his eyes, laughing in relief as he grabbed his friend's bloody hand. "I'm here,"
Tony nodded and the game began. Steve helped him out in the beginning, but soon enough Tony got the hang of it on his own and he was enjoying the game. Sam, who noticed the lack of food, offered him some of his own. Which, of course, started off a train reaction and soon Tony had more food than he could stomach. He looked wide-eyed at Steve for advice, who just chuckled and offered to share, which Tony was happy to do.
tell you," he started, his right hand gesturing in the air. "...But we weren't." He finished eventually.
. Tony didn't know why, but thinking of Steve made him happy- happier than thinking of his other friends. He'd felt guilty at first for liking Steve more than the others but then realized that was just because Steve was his
Tony, who had no idea what that meant, just smiled at having been able to make the friends laugh. They continued the game, all silently munching on their lunch and bickering back and forth good-naturedly. Tony let out a sad little noise when the bell rang, signaling the end of their lunch break. Steve laughed at the boy's sad look.
They were about to turn around, so Steve figured this was the best time to announce his presence. He pushed the door open, gaining the attention of the two geniuses.
Bucky looked on in slight annoyance at the two, a tense atmosphere between them. Oh, he was definitely going to tease Steve about this later. Steve got up a little too quickly to not be awkward, holding out a hand to help the other man up. When the man was standing, Bucky and Steve both noticed the dog moving to lean against his legs, no doubt to avoid her owner falling over by a wave of dizziness. They waited patiently for the young man to stand stable on both feet before Steve politely extended his hand.
this, brother." Loki's breathing slowed, his fists unclenching. He met his brother's gaze finally, and was surprised at the intensity in his brother's blue eyes.
"It's very impressive, Tony. But how come you don't speak English?" He changed the subject slightly. Tony seemed grateful for the change.
Peter and Tony were working alongside each other in Tony's personal lab, and Peter had never been so amazed before. He'd seen some of the labs Mr. Stark had around the compound, and don't get me wrong, they were amazing. But, nothing quite like this. It was bigger, better. It had all they needed and more, three robots were rolling around, and surprisingly good music was blaring from the hundreds of speakers in the large room.
"I have to see him," he said hoarsely before walking towards Tony's room. Steve understood. Tony and Clint had grown close in the past few weeks as Tony had him wrapped around his finger within no time with his bright smile and sparkling Bambi eyes, his messy curls and his innocence. Bruce silently followed after the archer, who was kneeling next to Tony's bed, playing idly with his curls. Bruce sat down on the bed, resting a hand on the sleeping boy's knee. Natasha took a seat beside him as Steve remained in the doorway. Bucky came to stand beside him, his hand on his friend's shoulder in silent comfort.
"Good morning, buddy," he cooed at the little puppy they'd rescued the day before. Steve worked in an animal shelter in the center of New York. They took in hundreds of dogs every week, giving them the right treatment before shipping them off to foster houses or adoption centers. Sometimes the animals were adopted in this shelter as many people regularly came by to look at the new dogs, sometimes taking one or two home. It was busy work, something that required Steve to work almost all day, every day of the week. But it was worth it, Steve mused as he watched the puppy blink innocently up at him.
"Oh, it's 'Stark' now, isn't it?" Tony said in a humorless laugh. "As soon as things no longer go the way you want them to-"
"Oh, Antonio. You're here for your dorm, yes?" Tony nodded. "Come in, we'll get you a key. Bruce, you can go to your own dorm, we'll make sure Antonio gets there." Bruce nodded, waved Tony goodbye and left. Tony hesitantly walked into the office, looking around the big room with wide eyes. There were certificates and prizes on the wall and a couple of photos of past principals, Tony assumed. There were one desk and multiple doors leading elsewhere. The name board on the desk just said 'Principal N. Fury'. Behind it was a dark-skinned man with, and I kid you not, an
I've had a rough few months, lemme tell you. I graduated (with a separate cambridge diploma which is totally my biggest achievement to date), had an identity crisis, figured out I was non-binary which, yay, I guess, changed my name (yes I got to pick my own name, hello, I'm Robin nice to meet u), went to a new school, and suddenly I have 0 time left with this 'discover yourself' study.
"Can I help you?" He asked softly, his voice slightly hoarse. Steve blinked himself out of his stupor.
"Tony!" A voice yelled, and Tony froze. He knew that voice. He recognized it. That was a good voice, a safe voice. That... that was Steve's voice.
Natasha was the first to notice him, smiling as she met his eyes. Her eyes darted towards the three on the couch, her smile soft. She softly cleared her throat and Steve's head shot up from his hand, relaxing when he saw Nat. He gave a small smile back, greeting Peter with a nod. Tony stirred slightly, brow furrowing as the movement of Steve's hand in his hair stopped. Steve quickly continued, smiling as the body on the couch went limp again.
"See you tomorrow, kid," was the last Peter heard before his mentor disappeared behind a corner. Peter made a little victory dance at that, skipping towards the elevator to take him downstairs.
, his head resting on the blond's shoulder. His fingers didn't stop as he relaxed in Steve's hold. He seemed to do it with such ease, Steve couldn't resist a chuckle. Tony smiled too, turning his head into Steve's shoulder but not stopping his motion on the keys.
It was silent for a moment as the question seemed to hang between them. Steve kept his eyes locked on Tony's, desperate to know the truth and yet so scared of the answer. Suddenly, Tony's wide, innocent, intelligent brown eyes flooded with tears and Steve felt his heart break. It was already confirmation enough, but Tony kept his unspoken promise and answered, his voice small and breaking as he spoke.
"Tony, you're a genius. You are," she pressed when Tony seemed ready to protest. He sniffed, leaning against her with a soft hiccup. "You're more to us than just your brains, Tony. We love your energy, your curiosity, your big eyes and even bigger smile. We love everything about you, Tony. Your genius is only a part of that. You're more than that, Tony. And we love all of it."
Tony waited in front of the door to his science class to look inside. It was a big classroom with all kinds of stuff Tony couldn't wait to get his hands on, but he also saw only one empty seat left.
The doctor nodded thoughtfully before walking back to his patient. He ignored the bruises as not to make Tony uncomfortable as the boy clearly didn't want to talk about it, but he did ask if he was feeling pains anywhere else before turning his attention solely on Tony's chest.
Steve blew some air out of his cheeks as he stared up at the ceiling from his position on the floor. He could feel the cold concrete digging in his back uncomfortably, but he didn't move. He could hear some noises from upstairs, more glass shattering and raised voices. Steve's gaze intensified, looking at the ceiling as if he could see right through it.
Suddenly, something soft and wet touched his hand. He started, looking up from where he'd been hiding his head in his arms and looking right into the sweet, innocent eyes of his service dog. Something in him relaxed immediately at the familiar sight, his breaths coming a bit easier. Once the room had stopped spinning and his racing mind had calmed, he realized something was wrong.
"No, I don't. I'm not smart enough for that." He winked. "But don't worry. This is the first day, so this will be your last period. After that, everyone is going to their dorms and has the opportunity to make themselves at home there. Do you know where your dorm is?"
Tony nodded, finally understanding the game. He exhaled and relaxed a bit. Steve threaded his fingers through the engineer's hair once more before leaning forward to grab the stack of cards. He took them out of the box and put them in a neat pile on the table.
"Don't lose those. Good luck." And with that, Coulson left and Tony was left alone in the hall. With slightly shaking hands he put the keys in the lock and twisted.
The door to the classroom finally opened to reveal their teacher, Ms. Hill. Behind her was a young boy with messy brown hair and an oversized, red sweater with 'Venice' on it, clutching the strap of his backpack so hard his knuckles turned white and his eyes trained on the ground. He was short and seemed too young to be a junior.
"Um, do I, eh, need to call for someone?" He asked carefully. Tony just shook his head, straightening up again and scratching the back of his head. One of the robots, Dum-E, Peter recalled, came rolling towards him with a cup in his claw. Tony looked up at his creation.
"I have no bag," he told Steve, a look of panic on his face. He had been told to give his bags away at the beginning of the day.
"Good morning to you too, Clint," he said cheerily. The young man rolled his eyes, mumbling something under his breath before shuffling back out, most likely to refill his cup. Steve shook his head fondly before turning back to the task at hand.
Turns out, the day wasn't that long. Tony spent some more time talking to the three people he'd met this afternoon but had known for years, pleased to see the boy, Peter, relax as time went by (and stubbornly ignoring that weird feeling he felt when looking at Steve, they were just
Tony didn't forget about it. When he woke up the next morning, sunlight streaming from behind his curtains and feeling relatively well-rested, all things considered, he recalled the events from last night. He smiled softly when he remembered his friends' support, how they didn't do any of the horrible things Tony had believed they would. They stayed with him, even promised to protect him...
"Carbonell," Tony corrected automatically. Once he realized what he'd said he looked down, avoiding eye contact.
"You worry too much," dr. Erskine smiled softly. "From what I can tell and from what you've told me, Miss. Carter, he's a strong boy. Give him some credit."
"Whatcha making?" Sam asked, gesturing to Steve's paper. Steve removed his hand so that his friend could see what he'd made. "Okay, I still don't really know what that is."
"You need some help with that?" Steve asked gently, trying to let him know he wasn't going to do anything bad. The boy gave him a confused look, so Steve patiently pointed at the paper. "Help?"
"Very well. I have some bullies to talk to, make sure Fury doesn't go easy on them," Peggy agreed. Steve winced at the last part, knowing Fury
Steve chuckled, turning around to see his friend and colleague, Clint, look at him in distaste over the rim of his coffee mug.
"I'll be in the living room if you want to talk," he said softly through the closed door. He waited a few more minutes before turning around and walking away.
"Let's get these two idiots to fall in love. Nat, find out where Cute Brunet lives. Clint, get yourself a donut 'cause I don't wanna hear you whine for it again. Then, plan a date, one that's romantic but not too much. I'll find a good spot in Steve's schedule and make sure they have each other's numbers. Go."
"Scusa, I no mean to say that," Tony apologized, still frantically avoiding eye contact. He heard principal Fury sigh and put down his papers.
Peter uttered a soft "sorry" that didn't sound remorseful at all as he jumped out of the car. Tony followed quickly, Steve supporting most of his weight as he was still dizzy, and he'd downright refused the wheelchair.
Although walking with Hulk always managed to cheer Tony up, as soon as he and Hulk got home, Steve's words flooded back into his mind.
"No, the coffee machine is over there," he pointed to a corner. Dum-E made another noise before rolling away again. "That's right,"
Let me know what you thought of this chapter and what you want to see moving forward. If you want, you can find me on
"You not hear me? I call your name, like three times!" Steve avoided his gaze. "Anyway, you missed history when you go to the nurse, so I make your notes. I have them in my bag!"
"Look, I know I don't deserve your forgiveness, but I just want you to know that I don't think you're dumb. I can only speak one language, I have no idea how hard it must be for you. You're doing so well, I'm so proud of you. Please, I just want you to know that."
sorry, Nat," he choked out. "I-I wasn't thinking, I just-" he sighed, looking down at his feet. "I have no excuse. What I did was not okay. I didn't mean any of it." His voice broke, a fresh tear rolling down his face.
"Okay. Peter, let's go," he concluded finally, taking the teenager by the shoulders from behind and pushing him past Steve towards the stairs. Peter happily complied, letting himself be pushed forward, talking excitedly about how amazing this day was and all that they had been doing. Over-excited he raced up the stairs, calling for the two men to hurry up.
And Steve spilled. He told her how Tony had asked him what love was and how he explained it to him. And he told her how Tony had told him he
Despite this, Tony always seemed a little distant. Sometimes he would zone out and the happy mood he'd had before would be gone within seconds. Sometimes his chatty self would make way for a silence no one seemed to be able to get him out of. At times he stayed in his room and barely even came out at all. Whenever Steve asked if something was wrong, Tony would either get mad (which was something Steve never wanted to see again), or he'd just break down completely. But Steve never managed to figure out what it was. But he didn't want to push, so he decided it was better if Tony came to him with it on his own.
Suddenly, the man's knees buckled. Bucky reached out instinctively to catch him, preventing him from hitting the ground. The man struggled in his hold, his eyes still clenched shut. Soft noises of pure and utter panic emitted from his throat, his arms flailing to fight an enemy that simply wasn't there. His dog walked over to him, whining softly as she nudged the man's face with her nose. Bucky noticed the red vest, recognizing it as one for PTSD. He looked at Steve, who'd kneeled beside him, nodding towards the vest. Steve's mouth twisted in sympathetic recognition.
Tony didn't manage to eat even half of what Steve had put on his plate before he was full, but Steve had an insane appetite so that wasn't an issue. They cleaned the dishes together before moving to the couch.
If you enjoyed this, I have some stories on Wattpad that I am writing with different friends. If you'd like to check them out:
"Don't like noise, Steve. Don't like," Tony whispered, one hand desperately clinging onto Steve's shirt.
As promised, Peter was allowed to come back the next day. When Peter finally exited the lift, Tony was already waiting for him. He looked a lot better, he was wearing old but cleaner clothes for in the workshop. His hair was back to the neat, gelled style it used to be, although Peter could still see some curls left. He briefly wondered why but decided not to comment on it.
"Let's try this again, shall we?" He smiled. "Now, if I remember correctly, we were working on those new web shooters of yours,"
"No problem," Nat winked. "Do us all a favor though; don't make him scared. None of us want to lose him."
"What's wrong?" Tony asked softly, petting his dog behind her ears, a spot he knew she liked. Ana gave another whine in response. "Are you sick,
Tony's slightly puffy eyes looked directly into Steve's, trying to detect any hint of a lie. When he found none, his eyes filled up with fresh tears and he dissolved back into sobs.
The pure determination and honesty in Steve's voice had Tony relax against him, tears running silently down his face. They stayed like that for a while, both not really sure what to say. Tony had already lost so many people, and he'd ended up in a worse place for it. He was silently glad they'd found each other. Tony was safe here, safe from his father, from the bad memories haunting him, safe with people who genuinely cared about him.
"I know, paramedics are on their way, alright? Just hold on for me, can you do that?" He tightened his grip on the smaller man as he started coughing, his whole body shaking with the force. "Just hold on, for me? Please?"
the destroyed building, climbing the big pile of bricks that had once been an actual building. There was barely anything left of it now.
"Mr. Stark," he began with a soft smile on his face. "If you were my dad, I know you'd be the best one I could ever have wished for,"
"Well, I don't know about you guys, but I am exhausted. And hungry. I'll get the snacks, you two lovebirds put in a Disney movie, and we'll fall asleep on the couch, which we will regret in the morning."
"You... like it?" He asked, seemingly still unsure. Peter wiped his eyes with his sleeve, nodding vigorously.
. Embarrassment flooded him as he felt his eyes burn and he quickly got up from his seat, biting his lip hard.
"We need to do something about this," she said instead of answering his not-question. Steve hummed thoughtfully.
good at Spanish. He told Peter about how he lived in Italy with his mom and some friends, Ana and Edwin Jarvis, and how he would sometimes go out onto one of the canals by their house to see the city at night and watch the stars. But when Peter asked why he left, Tony just shook his head and stopped talking.
No, he had to be. He'd repeated the words over and over again, trying to get his vowels to sound the same as the American voice had. He even changed up his rolling r to the one Americans used. He wondered, would his father be proud of how far he's come?
If you're still sticking with this story so far, feel free to say hi! If you have anything, literally
?" He asked in fascination. Peter straight-up laughed in his face, and he hit him up the head. "Excuse me, you seem to have forgotten to mention the fact that I'm apparently a
"That- that's okay," he replied softly, shooting the captain a smile. "I realize he doesn't sleep well usually, he might catch up on some sleep this way."
"Tony, how did this happen?" He asked as gently as he could, trying not to show how angry he was feeling inside. Tony just shook his head and didn't elaborate. Steve was going to say more when the doctor took him aside.
"That's okay," Tony reassured him, obediently pronouncing his words as American as he could. "I didn't feel all too well, but I'm okay now that I've had some time to recuperate. The cast should be coming off in about a week and a half, the doctor said. And yes, Steve did snap at me a little bit, but it's okay. He's apologized to me already, this morning actually. We're on speaking terms again, although we haven't had much to say."
She let the young boy out of the elevator, kindly bidding him goodbye even though she was all around him at all times.
"I know," Tony said, still with that easy smile on his face. "What you said was unintentional and not at all what you meant to say. It must've been irritation that drove you to hurt my feelings in that way. I understand."
"No, mine doesn't," Steve said patiently, never ceasing his soothing movement. "But my body isn't exactly normal, now is it?"
"No, I'm a telepath," Tony answered dryly, his unreadable look never changing. Peter's eyes went wide, causing Tony to roll his own. "Of course not, smartass," Peter chucked nervously in relief. Suddenly, a thought occurred.
When lunch rolled around, Steve spotted Tony looking confused at the cafeteria. He gave a quick excuse to his friends and hurried over to the small boy before he lost him out of sight.
"I agree with snowflakes," Clint butted in as he walked into the room. Bucky was surprised he hadn't dropped out of the ceiling vents. "There was a
"I thought you two worked there all the time?" She asked while making herself some tea. Peter quickly shook his head, his curls dancing on his forehead.
"Hi," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. He stood awkwardly in the doorway, fiddling with the hem of his slightly oversized shirt and the loose threads from his cast. Steve mutely patted the bed next to him, and Tony quickly crossed the room to sit down. They were silent for a while, neither of them knowing what to say. Tony was tense and silent beside him, so Steve decided he should speak up.
"I made him," he heard Tony say. His head snapped back to his mentor again, who was simply looking back at him as he leaned on the table, arms crossed.
"Okay, um... Never have I ever skipped class," Peter asked the Captain with a wide grin on his face.
Tony dropped his hand, sighing deeply before straightening up and giving Peter a smile that was so fake, Peter only grew more worried.
He froze, blinking hard. He didn't know where that thought had come from. He looked away from Tony and Loki, ignoring Natasha's burning stare. He tried to act as he normally would as they finished dinner, although he couldn't help walking to his room a little faster than usual. He locked the door, flopping down gracelessly on his bed, groaning into his pillow.
"Promise," Steve assured him. Tony nodded, deeming it good enough before moving to clumsily remove his sweater. Once he'd pulled it over his head, Steve froze.
Hesitantly, he walked further into the room, closing the door softly behind him. Standing in the middle of the living room, he looked around to see a comfortable-looking couch, a loveseat, and a tv, a small table in the middle. He was just wondering why the school would grant the kids such luxury when a voice from behind him called his name.
"I have no idea what that is!" Tony replied, the same happy energy making him bouncy on the spot. Peter's eyes widened comically.
"How would you know?" Steve snapped, not because he was mad at her, but because he refused to hope that Tony didn't actually hate him.
"Antonio Edward Ca- um, Stark," he said hesitantly, almost giving the wrong name. He wasn't a Carbonell anymore, he had to remind himself. He was a Stark now.
. Tony would've laughed if he wasn't so dang terrified. He was half expecting the man to stand up and show off his wooden leg with a parrot on his shoulder and a pirate hat on his head.
"It might make you stop calling me 'Mr. Stark'," Tony shrugged. He grunted as he stood up and dragged himself to a chair and dropped down. It immediately made Peter forget about the blackmail and worry replaced the dread in his stomach.
"Alright, you can sit down in the waiting room until the doctor's ready for you," she smiled. Steve nodded gratefully and steered his friend towards the nearest chair. Tony immediately leaned into Steve's side, resting his head on the blonde's shoulder. Steve rubbed his tense arm in sympathy.
"Really boring, I had absolutely nothing to do. Luckily, Aunt May called Mr. Stark and he told me I could come over! Cool, right?"
But Tony was hyperventilating, a few tears managing to escape. He quickly scrambled back up, never taking his eyes off of Steve until he was a safe distance away. He turned around and pushed through the small crowd of gaping students, running away as fast as he could. Steve yelled after him, but Tony didn't turn back. As Steve watched him leave, realization dawned. He'd yelled at Tony, he'd called his friend
Tony sighed, running a hand through his messy hair before leaning back on the table. Peter carefully came closer, only to stop after a few steps. He had no idea what to do.
Tony looked up at him, their brown eyes connecting. Peter suddenly noticed that they indeed looked a lot alike, and not only because of their mutual love for science. It was extra clear with their now matching curls, brown eyes connecting.
"Mr. Stark, you're being released in a couple hours! You can go home again! Isn't that great? I think it's great, don't you? Bye!"
"Let's leave him to rest, now," he told them, and soon it was just Steve and Tony again. They kept watching various Disney movies, although Steve wasn't sure how much attention Tony was paying to them. He didn't seem eager to talk, content to just lay against Steve's side. After what felt like way too long, Tony finally drifted off to the sound of Elsa singing in the background. Steve smiled softly at his sleeping form before shooting Bruce a text to meet him in fifteen minutes with the others. He carefully lifted Tony into his arms, feeling an oddly warm feeling in his stomach when Tony curled up against him.
"In a way, yes," Steve answered eventually because that felt right. "That's Peter," Peter waved shyly, Tony waving back. "That's his aunt, May." He pointed at the woman in question, who smiled at Tony genuinely. The action caused Tony to give an equally genuine smile back, one only Steve'd had the pleasure of seeing before. May seemed taken back by the way it lit up the man's eyes and features, almost transforming him into an entirely different person. Steve smiled softly at the sight, desperately trying to hold back his tears.
That seemed to break the dam. Tony shook his head frantically, sobs ripping from his throat. Slender arms enveloped him in a hug, and Tony sank into whoever was holding him gratefully. He could barely make out a voice above his sobs and mindless pleas but is soothed him nonetheless. Soon, his sobs died down, and he was sniffling softly while fingers ran soothingly through his hair. He could finally make out the voice as well.
"C'mon kid, I ain't got all day." Tony was torn between taking the key and telling the truth (and running away, he was considering that option too) when a loud sound had Fury groan in frustration and put the key down. "Be right back," he muttered before disappearing through a door. Tony let out a breath and snatched the key off the desk, happy to have escaped that dilemma. Just then the door opened revealing a man Tony hadn't seen before. He smiled kindly and held out his hand.
Once Peter had calmed himself down enough to properly walk out of the elevator, F.R.I.D.A.Y opened the doors, revealing the big living space of the avengers compound, which was currently occupied by the Black Widow and Hawkeye. Peter merely gave them a small wave as he walked over to the kitchen where he could hear the voice Captain America, so he guessed Mr. Stark was there too.
"No," Steve quickly cut in before Tony could finish the hesitant question. "God, no. Please don't stop," he murmured the last part into Tony's slightly curling hair. The brunet chuckled, raising his head from Steve's shoulder to put his full attention into the music again. He changed it up this time, playing a way more complicated and happy sounding song. Steve watched him with wide eyes as the scarred and naturally tanned hands flew across the piano keys. Peter himself wasn't faring much better as he watched with wide eyes. The last notes rang through the air and seemed to hang around them like a warm blanket. Peter was pulled from his trance when Steve breathed out a breathy "wow". He snuck back to the elevator, the doors closing before him silently.
"I'd hit you a lot harder if you weren't," she stated. Steve believed her. "It's not me you have to apologize to, although I doubt Tony will want to see you today." Steve swallowed.
When it seemed like Tony had calmed down, Steve pulled back softly to look him in the eye when he addressed him.
I'm really sorry this is so late! It's been months, I'm so sorry! I couldn't find the right way to write it and didn't have a lot of time, either. Plus, ao3 kept not saving my works (or I forgot to, that could be the case, too) so I had to rewrite a lot of it.
Tony turned his head to see a fuming Steve outside the history classroom. The bully, Schmitt, saw him too and huffed annoyedly.
Steve's vibrating chuckle and warm body lulled Tony into a much-needed sleep, the feeling of safety and love surrounding him as pleasant darkness overtook him. But not before he could mutter out soft and heavy words to his boyfriend.
Tony hesitantly walked into the classroom, his schedule still clutched in his hand as he walked towards the only empty seat. The seat next to it was already taken by a boy with brown curls like his, who seemed to be writing things down in his notebook. He sat down as quietly as possible, hoping the other boy wouldn't acknowledge him.
Peter's eyes widened as Steve's arm rested harmlessly on Tony's shoulders, and they almost bulged out of his head when he saw Tony
Steve looked up from his paper. It had been a couple hours since the two geniuses had gone down to the lab, it was well past 2.00 PM now, and they hadn't had lunch yet. He was used to dragging Tony up the stairs to remind him to eat, but now that there was a kid involved (one with quite a big appetite) he started to worry.
"Tony?" Bruce asked, a stack of plates still held out for Tony to take. Tony shook his head frantically. "What's wrong?" Bruce grew steadily more concerned as Tony didn't move. Their conversation could be heard from the living room, where a frown was growing on Steve's face.
Tony looked between him and the unfamiliar doctor with wide eyes, clearly contemplating his options.
The weird feeling usually came whenever he was around Tony. So, in order to make it go away, Steve stayed away from Tony.
"Outsider buddies?" He asked, his adorable accent firmly back where it belonged. "I've never been buddies before. But I think I like it."
"I mean, come on. You've been here for what, three months now? Shouldn't you know this stuff by now? It's so simple!" Steve snapped, turning around to face him.
"Nope," his aunt insisted. Peter muttered something under his breath but was smart enough to keep it to himself.
"Come on, Mr. Stark. I could eat a whole horse!" His voice was heard from up the stairs. Tony chuckled quietly, turning towards Steve and giving him his rare, warm smile.
in the ceiling, by the way) alerts you of a dangerous villain that's attacking the city? Well, that's exactly what happened to Peter.
, like outsider buddies, you know, and that just... made it a little less bad. I was afraid that if you started sounding like everyone else, you would... not be an outsider with me anymore." Peter scuffled his shoes in the dirt, his ears warm. When he did finally dare to glance up, he was met with Tony's bright eyes and wide grin.
Steve took a deep breath, trying to ground himself before telling the others. They deserved to know, even if Steve would rather do anything other than talk about what he'd just discovered.
May looked up from where she had been reading her book on the couch, sighing at the sight of her nephew. She had been trying to suggest things for him to do all morning, but the teenager had just pulled a face at all of them. He had managed to damage his suit on his last patrol when someone had attacked him with a knife, and although the suit was already repaired again, May had forbidden him to go out again for at least a week. But the sight of her nephew hanging on the ceiling with the most miserable look on his face was something not even May was immune to.
" Loki explained with a straight face. Tony giggled at Clint's affronted look before ducking back into Steve's side when that turned the attention to him.
"Class, calm down, please. Take a seat," Hill ordered. Once everyone was seated again, she continued. "Everyone, this is Antonio, he's a foreign exchange student from Italy. As he is in your homeroom I expect you all to be especially nice to him and help him when he needs it, because he can't speak our language very well yet. Other teachers have been informed, but I need you all to help him adjust." She fixed them all with a stern glare before looking back at the shy kid behind her.
He got dressed in record-time, running down the stairs to grab his shoes, ending up hopping on one foot, trying to get a shoe on the other, all the while pressing an apple between his teeth.
And Tony knew he spoke the truth. His throat felt tight as tears pooled in his eyes, and soon he was pulled into loving arms, warm hands on his back, head, arms, and legs as his friends surrounded him, supporting him and never judging his tears. He fell asleep in their warmth, spreading from his skin to his very bones, warming him on the inside. And he felt things he hadn't in a long time. He felt loved, he felt safe.
"Hey, there's no need to explain yourself to us," Steve interrupted once again. "Now, let's get Ana checked out, hm?" Tony seemed a bit hesitant, but Steve quickly reassured him. "Don't worry, you can come with me."
Tony sat down in between Thor and Steve while Clint divided the cards. Nat showed up too, so Clint had to do it again. Then bucky and Sam came in, and Clint decided to wait until they were all here. But no one else was coming, so Clint had to
To everyone's surprise, Steve flushed as red as Tony's suit, even though he quickly tried to hide it by ducking his head. Tony leaned away from him with a hand on his chest, a shocked grin on his face and a million blackmail plans already forming.
"Of course, Mr. Parker. I will notify Boss that you're waiting for him there," she responded as the elevator started moving.
To Peter's surprise, Steve smirked. For some reason, Tony chuckled too. Cap raised his hands in surrender.
I'm so sorry to have left you all for so long, I swear it wasn't my intention. This chapter did NOT want to be written, as I got stuck somewhere halfway. I'm sorry it's a little short, but I wanted to get something out today cuz it's my birthday and I'm feeling great :)
." Tony pulled back again, though he didn't leave the comfortable space they shared. Biting his lip, he gave Peter a hesitant look through his bangs.
"Hey, Tony," Bruce called. the teen looked up at his voice, cocking his head in silent question. "You know that if anything's bothering you, you can talk to us, right? To me, to Steve, or to someone else." Tony bit his lip and nodded.
"Of course, Ms. Carter," he promised. Peggy quickly explained the assignment in somewhat accented Italian to Tony, who nodded and scooted closer to Steve to see what he had so far. Peggy watched Steve ask questions, Tony answering excitedly. Steve made sure to praise him for it every time he got something right before scribbling it down.
"Guten Tag," he smiled kindly. That's when his gaze fell on the young, tear-stricken face and a broken arm and he quickly waved them inside. "Hello, young man," he said with a German accent that had Tony curling in on himself, the accent reminding him of Schmitt. "Can you tell me your name?"
"No, don't do that," Peter cut him off, finally hugging him back. I tend to speak before I've thought it through, and I was just so shocked at you sounding so different... and- and I didn't... I didn't like it." The last part came out as a whisper, afraid to offend his friend again, but meaning it all the same. "I liked your accent, it made you... well,
"Actually," he started, and Tony had to suppress a groan at the smugness in the blonde's voice. "We'd like to go a bit old-fashioned tonight." He reached down, causing Tony to almost roll of the couch, and came back up with a box in his hands. He smirked at the small company in the room.
"I know, Tony," Steve told him as if it would make anything better. "I know you do. But we're here now. We're not going to hurt you. We're not going to tell you that you can't cry. What you've been through is horrible. But you're safe here, with us. We'll protect you."
"Ana and Jarvis die. I stay behind with mio madre, when she die, too. Padre say I have to live with him now. I no want to. I want back to Italy."
"Hi, Happy!" He grinned over-excitedly. Happy just grumbled something in return and started the car. During the ride, there wasn't a single silent moment as Peter chatted the driver's ears off. Happy pretended to be, well...
"Good," was his short reply. Bruce turned his questioning gaze to Steve, who confirmed Tony's reply with a short nod.
"I'll be just across the hall if you need me, or you can just ask FRIDAY," he told him. Oh, had he mentioned the amazing voice in the ceiling that ran the entire building and sounded like an actual person? Yeah, Tony made that. Apparently.
"Mind if I sit next to you?" He gestured towards the girl, who still hadn't looked up. Tony frowned.
"Nice to meet you too, Tony," Steve smiled, trying not to revel in the way the name sounded on his tongue as he spoke it aloud.
"Uh, what?" Peter's expression turned even more confused before realization dawned. "Wait a minute... You're not English, are you? Oh, man. That's awesome! So, like, where are you from? Oh wait, you don't understand me now, do you?"
"Mr. Stark said I could come back tomorrow!" The teenager yelled, rubbing his head where he had bumped it against the car.
"You unnecessarily endangered your own life, Tony. I can't just let that be," Steve said angrily, his voice a bit too loud for Tony's comfort. "More importantly, you threatened the mission with your careless actions!"
"Really?" The principal looked back down at his papers. "Cuz I do believe it says 'Stark' here, unless my eye is failing me."
He got up, shuffling towards the door. He didn't expect anyone to be there still, as school had already started. Which is why he was surprised to see Steve, still in his PJ's, standing in the kitchen with two plates on the table behind him. Tony didn't know what he was making but it sure smelled delicious. When Steve noticed Tony's presence, he smiled.
"Tony, please. Stop." She said, her voice still soft. She let a bit of her desperation leak through in her voice. "Steve's being an idiot, he didn't mean what he said."
"And I'm Bucky," Bucky chimed in cheerily. "And who's this treasure?" He asked, nodding towards the dog. The man, Tony, smiled softly at his beautiful dog with pride.
"Hey," the boy said, his voice way too cheery for the first day of school. And a boarding school, no less.
Beautiful piano music flooded his ears and when he closed his eyes he could even hear a faint humming along with it. He didn't recognize the song but it was absolutely beautiful. With soft steps, he rounded the corner to the communal floor before freezing in his tracks once more.
Tony cast a look over his shoulder before seemingly steeling himself and nodding, padding silently past Steve and into his apartment. He looked around the cozy room in poorly contained awe, fingers reaching out to carefully trace some of Steve's art standing on display. Steve turned off the boombox, gaining Tony's attention once again. Steve motioned for the brunet to sit down next to him on his bed.
." He choked on the word, tears pooling in his eyes at saying it out loud. His words hung heavily in the air as the others tried to process the news. Bruce was the first one who spoke up, his voice no more than a whisper.
. He screamed and kicked against the hands holding him down, panic overtaking every sensible part of him and drowning out every rational thought.
Missions apparently don't care about Peter's happy moments, they always happen at the worst times...
Tony reluctantly accepted that. The rest of the day, Steve made his homework and Tony, who wasn't allowed to do anything school-related, made a Sudoku. Or multiple. Eventually, Tony got bored.
When Tony turned back towards the door, he saw one awkward teenager, staring at his feet while hopping from foot to foot.
"Hey, now, look," Clint protested immediately. "Just because I almost got blasted to smithereens today-"
Last chapter before the big finale! Sorry this took so long, I had been busy binge-watching Doctor Who (wow what a good excuse, Deborah!) (yeah, I know, right!). I'm afraid the next one will come even later, I'm going on vacation to France (maybe even Spain! Whoo, still not outside of Europe, but okay. That day will come c:) so the last chapter will probably come in, I dunno, 4 weeks? Sorry! Enjoy this one!
Steve's blood ran cold. He could hear Peter's horrified gasp and some muttered words of shock from May behind him. He managed to nod at the doctor, his face pale and hands shaking before he went into the room.
Only Cap, Nat, Clint, and Tony were in the room. Nat was occupying a whole couch while reading a Russian book. Clint and Cap were on either side of a different couch, Clint reading a book and Cap half asleep on the other side, his head resting on his fist. Tony was in between them, his feet in Clint's lap and his head in Steve's. The Captain was running his fingers lazily through the drug-fed billionaire's brown curls.
Tony felt the telltale burn of tears in his eyes. He balled his fists, refusing to let the tears fall.
"Tony, please, don't be sorry," Steve murmured softly, pulling him close. "You have nothing to be sorry for, okay? If anyone should apologize, it'd be me. I shouldn't have yelled at you that day, and I shouldn't have kept silent this morning. You caught me off-guard, but Tony, we don't want you to try and sound like us, you're perfect the way you are, you hear me?"
Came Iron Man's reply. Peter shot another web, sticking one of the, to his opinion rather misshaped robots face-first to the wall. He was a bit further away from the main fight, to his protest, of course. Peter did appreciate the concern but come on, Tony wouldn't even let him run with scissors.
Peter came to a stop, turned around, ran back to the car, got out his bag, spoke a quick 'thanks Happy', and was gone before the not-so-happy Happy could even shoot him his most annoyed look.
"Ah, got some fire in you, eh?" The tall, skinny boy at the front spoke again, irritation sparking in his eyes. He made a movement with his hand that Tony's spinning vision couldn't identify, and before he knew it his feet were off the ground.
. You're just proving my point!" Steve yelled back. Steve flailed his hands, and Tony flinched back, hard. He tripped over his own feet in his haste to get back, falling on the ground. Steve lowered his arms.
His English perfectly American, but it sounded so different from the adorable accent he'd had thus far, it was shocking.
"Good," Tony beamed. "I like too. It really fun. But I can no do it in Italy, mia madre no like it. Say I will blow up house." He smiled cheekily.
"Are we watching a movie?" Peter asked softly, trying his best not to ask the question burning on his tongue;
"JARVIS, please let me in?" Steve tried again. He'd already tried his override codes, but none had worked.
"Tony..." Steve couldn't say more. Couldn't get the words past his lips. Couldn't bear the possibility that Tony might confirm what he was so scared was the truth. Tony laid a gentle hand on his arm, looking him directly in the eye.
Steve felt the boy's small hand on his arm and finally turned around. Tony was beaming at him, although there was a hint of confusion in his eyes.
"I talked to him. Something you could've done." Nat replied coolly. She knew where his anger came from. Steve deflated at her words, dropping his head in his hands.
"You say you won't get mad," Tony's small voice shook Steve from his staring and he noticed that he indeed had been getting angry the longer he looked at his friend. He took a breath to calm himself before looking his friend in the eye.
The rest of the day was spent looking at pictures. Tony was proud to say he recognized some, reveling in the way Steve seemed so proud of him. Tony met his robots (he'd made robots. Actual. Robots.) and his workshop, which had left him weak in the knees. He didn't remember loving science but
Tony hesitantly pushed the door open to reveal a living area, small enough to be cozy but spacious enough to fit all occupants and some friends. He could see a hallway leading to a kitchen and five doors, four of which were opened. Tony could hear people talking and laughing. He swallowed hard, anxiety weighing heavily in his stomach. He knew not everyone was going to be as kind as the people he'd met earlier today, especially since he was technically too young to be a junior.
Tony took a deep breath as he slowly walked towards his class, ahead of his friends. This morning had been tense, and he didn't know what to make of his friends' reactions. He thought they'd be happy that they no longer had to struggle to understand him and constantly correct his grammar. Was he not as good as he thought he was?
When he entered the main room in his full ADHD, anxiety-fed teenage self, the sight that met him had been the last thing he'd expected.
"I know he didn't. But do keep in mind, he's tired, he's probably scared because his brain isn't functioning as fast as it usually does, and not letting on he's in pain has been something that he's been told to do for as long as he can remember." Clint explained in a sweet voice. It reminded Peter again that he had a family.
"You 'bout done?" The super soldier asked with an annoyed look on his face. But Tony didn't miss the sparkle of amusement in the Captain's blue eyes. Tony couldn't help the smirk forming on his face. But now that the weight had been taken off his shoulders, he realized how tired he really was. Steve must have noticed too as he immediately hurried over to kneel beside him.
"Ready for today?" Bucky asked as they walked out of the dog rooms and to the lobby. Steve nodded and Bucky switched the old-fashioned open-closed sign to open as he unlocked the door. "Right on time, as always."
As much as Steve hated himself for what he'd done, he wouldn't dream of defying Natasha's demands. He wiped his face in a futile attempt to hide the fact that he'd been crying and opened the stall. Nat gave him a small smile.
Suddenly, he felt two hesitant arms wrap around him, a warm weight leaning against his front. Peter wasn't tall by any means, but Tony was just slightly smaller than him, causing his brown curls to tickle his nose from where Tony's head rested lightly on his shoulder. Peter automatically brought his arms up to hug the younger boy back, feeling his heart cease its attempt to beat itself out of his chest.
"Steve?" Steve recognized Natasha's voice. Hadn't she gone with Tony? How long had he been in here? "Steve, come out. We need to talk."
Steve put away his work, pulling Tony into his side like he was used to doing now. He thought about it for a long time.
to prevent her from going over to the compound and talk some serious sense into her. There were two things that had kept her from doing that;
"Yeah. They say Venice is city of love, but I no knowing what is love. I mean, Jarvis say he love me, and Ana. But that is different. I mean
He slowly moved over to his friend, exaggerating his movements so Tony wouldn't get startled, speaking softly to him.
"Tony..." Steve started softly, lovingly, while he ran a hand over Tony's leg soothingly. "You're not pathetic. You're probably the least pathetic person I know. Just because your body shuts down sometimes as a normal body does, doesn't mean you're pathetic. It just means you're human."
And Loki. He remembered waking up from a nightmare he couldn't recall, remembered Loki's arms around him and his soothing voice in his ear. Tony knew he should feel embarrassed for breaking down like that in front of someone he really didn't know that well, but for some reason, he didn't. Loki had been so kind and didn't make it feel like he was weak like his father said. Tony made a mental note to thank him later.
"I know you, don't I?" He asked sadly. Steve nodded, swallowing dryly. "I'm sorry," Tony muttered, his eyes drifting down to look at his fidgeting fingers. "I just woke up here, and I didn't remember anything. Doctor said it was temporary, but still..." He trailed off, his voice sounding tight and vulnerable.
Clint was proud to hear the billionaire chuckle. He was unable to hide a smile himself at the sound.
to pick on him. Why couldn't the world just leave him alone? Did he really deserve to be treated like this?
"Tony had scars, a lot of them. Bruises, too. They were older, so it couldn't have been from anyone in school." He took another deep breath, his heart beating loudly in his ears. "Guys, Tony's been...
"Your mom's not a big fan?" Bruce chuckled. Although an innocent question, it didn't have the desired effect as the smile slowly faded from the young boy's lips.
"'s that the lil' squirt?" Another familiar voice called. Tony reluctantly let go of Steve to see Bucky smirking at him. He gave a shy wave, relieved to see him too.
"It's fine, it was joke, really. No have to say no nothing." Tony tried to laugh it off, but Steve saw the tears in his eyes and his rigid posture, making him tremble slightly with the tension.
"Thor and Loki. You met them earlier, remember?" Tony nodded. He let out a breath. He knew everyone here, which was good. But mostly he was just happy to be with Steve. Suddenly he realized something.
Steve's deep chuckled vibrated through Tony's body and they caught each other's lips in another kiss.
"No," Peter simply repeated, and before the mechanic could reply again, he added; "You're not okay,"
"Lean on Me" by Bill Withers played loudly in his apartment, the speakers aimed up at Tony's floor, hoping Tony would hear the lyrics and know that he could lean on Steve if necessary. The song had started over again for the third time, the neighbors getting slightly pissed, when Tony showed up at his door, looking disheveled and shocked, his brown orbs blown wide.
Their first period was homeroom, and Steve didn't really know what he was supposed to do. He settled for doodling in his notebook. As usual, he and his friends were early but soon enough the rest of their class started streaming in.
"Alright, since Steve can't really do it again, I suggest we pick a dare for him to complete?" Clint asked the group. Everyone looked at Peter, who was already looking at them with a mischievous glint in his eyes.
He'd just started explaining what was wrong with his dog when his breathing suddenly picked up, his hand tightening unconsciously on his dog's leash until his knuckles went white. He squeezed his eyes shut, his breathing labored. His dog was whining softly beside him.
"Steve, let me down," he said, attempting to break free but failing miserably. Steve brought his face to Tony's neck with a big grin.
"Um, Bruce?" Bruce heard Tony call his name while he was packing up his stuff. He turned around to see Tony already done and fiddling with his shirt, suddenly looking very shy.
"Steve," Peggy called him back. "Make sure to let them check out his chest, too. I'm concerned," she instructed, soft enough that Tony couldn't hear. Steve nodded solemnly before walking out with Tony.
Peter try to stop the grin from breaking free, elation bubbling up in his chest. "Yeah, outsider buddies! You'll love it, we can do so many cool things! Have you ever built with Legos?"
you want to see in this story, please leave it in the comments. I'd love some inspiration for this story cuz I love it too much to let it go discontinued.
"Mind if we switch places? I need to help him out," he explained, pointing towards Tony who was following about half of the conversation.
"Alright, I want you all to simply introduce yourself to your neighbor-- in Spanish, of course. Tell your name, where you're from, where you live now, your family, etc. Comenzar."
"This is Ana," he said, his voice a little hoarse. "She helps me with my PTSD and anxiety, as you just saw." He still looked a bit embarrassed at having broken down in front of two complete strangers. "I- I'm sorry," he apologized in a rush. "It usually isn't
Tony stayed silent, even when the doctor came in to take them he didn't talk. He obediently sat down on the bed, staring out the window.
"He didn't sit with me at dinner," Steve huffed, knowing he sounded like a petulant child but he couldn't help it.
Tony nodded and reluctantly left Steve's side to find his class. Steve watched him disappear in the crowd with a fond smile before heading off to his own class.
"Thanks," Tony said with a small smile. Bruce smiled back, sincerely hoping Tony would take his advice.
"Hey, jerk," Steve greeted back, looking at his all-time best friend. He and Bucky started this place together, built it up from scratch. Soon, others like Clint and Natasha had joined as they fought to make the place a success. They took in more animals than just dogs, but Steve focused mainly on the dogs- they were why he'd started this place in the beginning. But Natasha kept herself busy with the cats, Clint varying between multiple animals (though he preferred the birds), and Bucky sticking mostly by Steve.
Tony didn't even pause, zipping his suitcase shut. Natasha grabbed his hand, ignoring the small flinch from Tony. He unconsciously tightened his hand around hers.
@MarvelBishes has a Stony one-shot collection (Marvellous One Shots) and a side-fic that I am writing (Avengers High)
Usually, when he was in this position, Ana would walk between his legs and push his face up with hers to distract him and to allow him to cling to her if that's what he needed. Now, however, she had merely pushed her snout in his hand, licking his fingers. She hadn't moved besides that.
"I talked to Natasha as soon as I found out. She changed your file to what it should be, Tones. You are as much an Avenger as any of us." Tony looked ready to protest, so Clint shushed him gently and simply pulled him into his side again. Tony let him, knowing he couldn't fight it (and he didn't want to, either).
"Oh," Tony said, looking down in thought. There was nothing judgmental in his tone, just thoughtfulness.
Tony whined, hiding his face in his knees as he fisted his hair. It hurt his casted hand, but he didn't pay it any mind. He just wanted the voices to stop.
So this is a new idea I've had for a little while now, and the longer I thought about it, the more I wanted to start writing. So as soon as my writers-block curse lifted, I got to writing this story.
"Alright, you're coming with me," he said, attempting to lift Tony out of the chair he was seated in. But the genius quickly jumped away from the outstretched arms, standing behind the chair with a speed that would have made Quicksilver proud.
, which had immediately turned on May's maternal instincts. Happy had told him what he knew, and May would never forget looking up when the ex-boxer had finished. She had looked straight into the brown eyes of her boy, which had been glazed over with tears. He had turned around and ran up to his room, slamming the door shut behind him. It had taken two whole hours to before the tears had stopped, and he still hadn't let go of his aunt.
"The best, Tony," he said once he'd caught his breath, almost losing it again at the wide grin Tony was giving him. He wanted nothing more than to lean in at that moment, press their lips together in the softest kiss, telling him everything he couldn't voice in words. But he knew he couldn't do that. Instead, he allowed himself to get lost in those whiskey-brown eyes as they got lost in his.
"Hey, Tony," Bruce was the first to speak up, crouching down in front of the younger boy. "How are you doing?" Tony shrugged.
"I hope you're not actually stepping out of the team," Clint said softly after a few minutes of silence. "I don't think we could do this without you," he confessed, the honesty in his voice surprising even himself. Tony seemed shocked by it too before relaxing back into Clint's side.
Steve blinked his eyes open slowly, looking around the bedroom of his apartment in slight confusion. He didn't know why he'd woken up- wait. He recalled hearing a sound of glass shattering. He yawned, closing his eyes again. It must've been a dream.
Tony's defenses broke. He closed his eyes, slumping against Steve and burying his head in the man's collarbone.
Lots of love to all of you, make sure to comment what you think of this chapter. It didn't quite turn out the way I planned, but oh well.
As they went further into the cafeteria, Tony got more and more tense under the hand Steve held on his back. Kids were yelling and running around and Tony's gaze kept shooting towards the loudest noise. At a particularly loud yell, Tony flinched so hard he would've fallen on the ground if Steve hadn't caught him.
"No, no, no, no. I uh, I'm not going to kill you," Peter said slowly, carefully pronouncing all the words. "Me no kill you, okay? Me good guy. Sto bene."
"You know," he started carefully as Tony laid out the cutlery. "I have anger management issues." Tony looked up, brow furrowed in confusion.
"Mr. Stark called," she said, a slight smile on her face as she knew exactly what was coming. And she wasn't disappointed. Within seconds, Peter was next to his bed, big brown eyes looking right at her, filled with excitement and anxiety.
"Ey man, I'm not losing. I'm just... Saving my cards." The dirty blond, Clint, apparently, defended himself.
He was sitting on the ceiling, throwing a tennis ball on the ground and catching it as it bounced back. He had been doing this for over ten minutes now, as he had previously been shooting webs at the wall until one of the neighbors had yelled through the walls for him to stop.
"Well," Steve sighed. "Someone was being bullied just behind the school and I decided to intervene, but as you all know I really didn't have any advantages in that fight due to my hight and, well, everything, really. So I missed class..."
"Brother," Thor said, voice soft. "I know how you feel right now, I do. And there is nothing more I want than to punch the bastard of a man who dared touch our friend to the deepest, darkest corner of Helheim, but that is not what Anthony needs. What Anthony needs, brother, are his friends, his new family. People to love him the way his father clearly did not. You
"Yours doesn't," Tony muttered, and Steve knew, judging from the weak comeback, that Tony was probably already more out of it than he was willing to show.
"SHUT UP!" Tony yelled, his head pounding and his heart aching. He just wanted it to stop, he just wanted it to stop-
"I'm Bruce," the boy said, smiling kindly. Tony's eyes widened. This was the boy Steve had been talking about!
like this. She was always emotionless. She didn't like physical contact, let alone engage in it. But Tony... Tony had come bouncing into her life with his bright smile and vast energy and curiosity and
Tony slowly lifted his head when he heard footsteps, finding he'd dozed off in the time of silence in the room. Steve had gone back to playing with his curls, and Tony couldn't help but relax at the soft touch. He managed to look up to see Clint and Peter walk in with all kinds of snacks that almost made Tony retch right there, but instead, he smiled at them as they set it down.
"It's necessary, Tony," pleaded Steve hopelessly. They undoubtedly had this conversation before. "You'd be in
"No, no, that's alright," Steve muttered, embarrassment coloring his cheeks. "I'm sure Peter wants to speak to Tony, too." He looked at Peter in silent question, the boy seemingly steeling himself before hesitantly walking over. Tony eyed his movements, though he seemed relaxed and open. Steve regretfully let go of Tony's hand, leaving the chair so Peter could sit in it instead.
It's a little short but I slept in and basically half of my day was gone so it's a little one for now. Enjoy!
"Yeah, love you too," he said with a smile before gently taking the mechanic's arm and leading him away from the workbench. Tony groaned again, mumbling about how he wasn't the 'old one in the room' but let himself be guided away.
Tony looked confused for a second until their lips touched, and he didn't hesitate to kiss back. The secret kiss could have lasted for hours, were it not for the fast footsteps in the hall coming towards them. They quickly pulled back, Steve winking to the smaller man once more before his face disappeared behind his newspaper again.
"FRIDAY, are they still in the lab?" Steve asked, looking up at the ceiling, no matter how many times Tony had told him:
"Those stupid fanboys all the time," he mumbled, before yelling out the window; "Yo Parker, ya left ya bag!"
"Right, I forgot you're not English. I meant, can I sit next to you?" He tried again, slower this time. Tony looked at the occupied seat next to him and back to Bruce.
"Hi, it's May," she said softly into the phone. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything, but can I ask you a favor?"
"Not-not the point," he said quickly, trying to change the subject. It only caused Tony to shoot him a smirk.
"Well, Steve," Clint chimed in happily once Tony had calmed down again. "Seems to me you have to do it again, right?"
"Alright," Steve started, opening the box and revealing multiple old-fashioned games. They looked pretty worn out, so Tony guessed they were something Bucky and Steve were busy with when they weren't training. He took out a pile of old cards and put the box back on the ground. "This is a version of Never Have I Ever, only Buck and I changed it up a bit. If you have never done the thing that's mentioned, you're in the clear.
him. And, a little embarrassed, he told her how he'd said that he didn't love Tony, not in that way. When he was done, he refused to meet her eyes.
Steve felt frozen. Tony was breaking apart on the other couch, babbling apologies and Italian words Steve didn't understand but he felt numb. He wanted to reach out, wanted to comfort his friend, but he couldn't get himself to move. He just couldn't wrap his head around it. How could someone,
friend. So of course, it made him happy. Once satisfied with that deduction, he just let himself succumb to the happy feeling in his stomach. He wondered if Steve felt the same, or if Bucky was his
"Look, let's just... sit down, alright?" She said softly, not waiting for an answer as she led the boy to the side of the bed, sitting down next to him. She put an arm around his shoulder, pulling him in close. "I don't know what's gotten into him, but Steve doesn't think you're dumb," she told him, her voice still soft. Tony balled his fists but kept his mouth shut. "Tony please, just talk to me, alright? You know I'm here for you, but I can't help you if you don't tell me what's going on in that head of yours." She stroked some of his curls from his forehead.
Tony seemed so excited by the mere thought of petting a dog, Steve thought it was actually rather cute. He couldn't help a stupid smile from spreading over his face as he watched Tony light up completely. The way his eyes sparkled and his youthful face completely lit up. Those big, sparkling eyes turned to Steve, and Steve could feel his stomach flip-
"Upstairs, genius," Steve replied, attempting to drag him along to the elevator. But Tony jumped back again.
"Aye aye, Captain," he whispered before placing a quick, gentle kiss on the soldier's lips. The smaller man gave Steve a mischievous smile before jogging up the stairs, leaving the super soldier with his thoughts and Tony's taste on his lips.
He didn't know what to do. Tony had told him he loved him, but Steve was sure he didn't feel the same way. But now Tony probably hated him, even though Steve had told him nothing would change. But Steve didn't want to lose him. He was his friend, even if he didn't reciprocate Tony's love. But he couldn't do anything about that. And now he was going to lose one of his best friends...
Something like this wouldn't be caused by school bullies. Especially the scar on his chest. He remembered the Tony he'd met a few weeks ago; quiet, jumpy, shy-- or was he? Was it shyness... or fear? The way he curled into himself whenever someone's attention was on him or how he wouldn't speak unless spoken to. How he wouldn't ask for help even though he couldn't figure it out on his own.
Steve didn't know how long he'd been in the bathroom stall, but his tears had long since stopped, leaving only a heavy feeling in his stomach. He knew he needed to get out, was very well aware of the fact that he was missing class (he'd never missed a class before), but he couldn't get himself to leave. Shame was pooling heavily in his stomach, making him feel like he could throw up at any second. He'd yelled at Tony. He'd
Tony giggled softly at her dark look and she playfully booped him on the nose, eliciting another giggle.
"That's okay," Steve assured him. "I can work from here. I'd really rather miss school than leave you alone when you're sick."
When Tony woke he was soaked in sweat, a scream on his lips. His chest heaved, his eyes unseeing as he sat up in bed, his body shaking.
Steve hummed sympathetically, not knowing what else to do besides pulling his friend close and walking with him through the doors and to the front desk.
"Is that all you have?" Steve asked as he peeked in as well. Tony nodded, walking into his room and beginning to unpack. There were only a few bags, one with a few clothes, one with a bedspread and a pillow, and a small one with his personal belongings. He took out a picture frame of him with a man and a woman, smiling happily. Tony smiled at it before putting it on the small bedside table. He took out a couple more; one of him with Peggy Carter, one of his mother sitting behind a piano and giving a rare, genuine smile. Tony carefully and delicately placed them where he wanted them, smiling softly at his work. Steve watched him with a soft smile and quietly exited the room to leave the boy to it.
The dog nudged his face with hers, sensing his distress. The young man pet her head in a silent thank you as he took a deep breath to recompose himself.
"He will not hurt you here, Anthony," he said. "We will not let him. We shall protect you, and we are here to help you. With everything."
"That'll sometimes happen," May told him kindly. "You'll recover your memories gradually as you go." Tony nodded as if that explained everything.
"Ana," Tony called, walking into his living room with a slight frown. "Ana, are you here?" He got no response and his worry grew. Ana was his service dog and an absolute sweetheart. She always stuck to him like a shadow, a constant grounding presence. He remembered falling asleep last night with the dog snugly against his side. When he'd woke up that morning, however, Ana wasn't there.
